###CHAPTER 1: STINGING BETRAYAL
"Always remember that I'm so proud of you, baby girl! And I know in my dark and cruel heart that you're going to do great things today!"
Roxanne chuckled. Listening to her best friend stir her up for the day always made her smile.
"I know, babe! It seems so surreal! Emily!"
"It's as real as it gets," the voice at the end of the phone was super excited.
"You texted Jonah yet?"
Emily's question dampened Roxanne's mood. Jonah was her fiancé and the absolute love of her life.
However, she had texted him this morning, with words that read, 'I'm so pumped for today honey! Wish me luck!' and ended with a red heart and a kissy face emoji. But it sat at the bottom of the screen, unreplied, as were the seven messages she had sent the morning and night before.
Roxanne heaved a long sigh and forced a smile. She had to sound as excited as she could for Emily to believe her.
"Yes, I have. He hasn't replied yet. I'm sure he's busy with work, he'll call me later."
Emily didn't buy it.
"When was the last time you two—"
"You know what, Em? I'mma head out now. I'm running late already," she cut in.
Roxanne was pumped for her promotion day today, she did not need apex talks about how sour her relationship with Jonah had been in the past month. He had just opened his own architecture firm, and so he needed more time to himself. She would not let it bother her.
So, she blew Emily a goodbye kiss and placed her phone on the dressing table and took one last look over her slender frame. In her white suit and black block heels, she could see why Emily liked to refer to her as a European runway model. Maybe she wasn't as tall as them, but she was slim and slender.
Roxanne ran both hands down her flat stomach and took in deep breaths. Her violet eyes rose up to meet the reflection of her face.
She had made extra effort to apply makeup this morning. Her brows were starting to give her second thoughts, but it had taken her more than an hour to line and so she wasn't going to wipe it off so easily.
Her chestnut brown hair was wrapped in a cute and tight bun above her head.
Roxanne closed her eyes and smiled.
She would rock her brows and her brand new Armani suit - which she had bought with her six months' savings and kept just for this precious occasion - and rule the world of LexCorp, the company she worked for, today. At least, she would rule the sales world.
With that thought, Roxanne was extremely pumped for today. She picked up her bag, slid her phone into it, and walked out of the room before closing her door. She hurried down the short flight of steps and sashayed across the small office that led to the living room.
When she got to the living room, Roxanne heard a knock on her door. Her right brow arched in query. She did not make any deliveries and she was not expecting anybody at her house this Monday morning. So, who could it be? She would just have to get to the door to find out.
Roxanne hurried towards the door, she was already running late, whoever it was had to state his or her business really quickly.
She turned the doorknob and opened it slightly. She had to know who it was first, before giving him or her time to speak.
As she peeped out of the small opening she had created, her questioning eyes fell on Jonah's face. She was going to break into a smile, until she saw her twin sister, Rayla, standing beside him. They were holding each other's hands firmly, but disintegrated immediately they saw her.
Confused, Roxanne narrowed her eyelids at them, before opening the door wide. She planted herself at the entrance of her door and allowed her keen eyes to dance between them.
Jonah Rivers, her boyfriend of thirteen years and current fiancé stood there, silent and handsome in his black denim trousers and green vintage sleeves. Roxanne had stared at his brown eyes for most of her life, but there was a look in them that she could not recognize. It was between guilt and nonchalance, and it was a very weird combination of expression.
On the other hand, Rayla Harvey, her twin sister, and chief editor of Vogue New York, stood tall in a blue body-con dress and puffed sleeves. Her light blonde hair fell freely down her shoulders, and in her Prada heels, she was almost Jonah's height.
Rayla Harvey had always been the confident, more beautiful and intelligent one between the two of them. But now, Rayla couldn't seem to stop fidgeting, her eyes continued to wander around Roxanne's face without landing on her eyes. She was avoiding Roxanne's gaze, which was odd. Rayla Harvey never avoids anybody's eyes.
Standing there, Roxanne couldn't stand the voice of reasoning in her head.
What were Jonah and Rayla doing at her front door, TOGETHER, hands intertwined? And why weren't any of them saying anything to her?
Finally, she decided to speak.
"Jonah."
She leered at her twin sister. "Rayla," the name left her mouth with a less enthusiastic tone than Jonah's did. Nevertheless, Rayla was the first to speak up. "Roxanne, we need to talk to you."
Roxanne flinched. We?
Did she just say 'we'? What on Earth could Jonah and Rayla have in common that they needed to talk about?
That was not even the main question. Why were they even together?!
But Roxanne didn't ask about any of this, instead, she folded her arms across her chest and focused on Rayla.
"Sure, shoot."
Rayla glanced over to Jonah, who held her stare shortly. Roxanne was left to watch them in confusion. What was all this drama about?
"Can we come in?" Rayla asked, now looking at Roxanne.
Roxanne was skeptical. The clock was ticking really fast, and she had to be at work in the next fifteen minutes. But, it won't hurt to usher them in and listen to what the hell they needed to tell her together, would it?
She moved away from the door and ushered them in.
They walked in, together. And Roxanne's keen eyes did not miss the gesture.
She could not help but sense a weird vibe between them. Jonah had not even tried to hug or kiss her since he arrived, not even after leaving most of her texts unread. Instead, he kept himself by Rayla's side at all times, as if he was scared to leave her side for even a second.
Suspicious, that was exactly what Roxanne thought.
"I have just fifteen minutes to get to work, so I'm really curious about what you guys have to say," she said. As she spoke, she threw Jonah a stony glare that screamed "we would talk about this crazy show later" before fixing her eyes on Rayla.Her sister's face was still laden with mock guilt, like she was forcing herself to be guilty for something. And Roxanne was left to guess what it was.
"We're going to cut straight to chase," Jonah finally spoke up, and Roxanne was still trying to make sense of the look on his face. She scanned his face quietly, her heart began to race on its own.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
With the look on his face, Roxanne could tell that whatever it is they were here to say, was not good news.
"Well, you had better," she chipped in, now visibly frowning.
Rayla entered into the conversation again. She moved closer to Roxanne and placed a hand on her right shoulder, while holding the other one to her chest, grand and dramatic Rayla style. Roxanne glared at her in anticipation.
"Before we say anything, I want to tell you that we are really sorry, Roxanne. We did not intend for any of this to happen and we really did not want to hurt you. I..." Roxanne could see the mock tears swell in Rayla's eyes.
She looked over her sister's shoulder and stole a glance at Jonah; his eyes were on Rayla, and he still had the grave expression on his face.
Confused, she took two steps backward, three feet away from Rayla. Her violet iris swept between the two of them.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel like this scene playing in front of her was too familiar. She had seen it in so many movies, seen it in so many reality TV series not to know that Jonah and Rayla were...
"We're getting married," Jonah blurted out.
Time came to a standstill for Roxanne. Jonah had picked her up and flung her into a bottomless pit of confusion. Standing in front of them, perturbed, and at a loss for words, Roxanne could only manage to smile like an idiot. She refused to believe Jonah meant what she thought he meant. So, she laughed.
"Of course we are! I mean, our wedding is in a month, so..."
"He doesn't mean you, Roxanne," Rayla cut in. Roxanne watched in confusion as Rayla stepped back to where Jonah stood, and held his right hand in her left.
She looked straight into Roxanne's eyes and spoke.
"He means us."
Instantly, Roxanne burst into a series of hysterical laughter. She threw her head back and pressed her left hand to her stomach.
She laughed hard and loud, trying so hard to convince herself that they were playing with her; this had to be some cruel joke. Tears were in her eyes by the time she stopped laughing and looked down at them.
"You have got to be kidding me, you can't possibly be..."
"I'm pregnant, Roxanne. I'm carrying Jonah's baby," Rayla said.
Roxanne's eyes fell to the part where Jonah and Rayla's hands connected. Jonah's eyes rested on Rayla's face with the type of care he had not shown to her in months.
Seeing them stand there, hands intertwined, talking about their betrayal with so much boldness and lack of remorse was like a slap across her cheeks, both cheeks.
A wave of anguish swept over her, picking her from the ground and sending her back to the hard wall. With their eyes, they drilled a hole into her chest. Roxanne felt as though her heart was ripped out of her chest and smashed under Jonah's feet. The pain was both gut wrenching and numbing.
Rayla had always had the best of everything; body, boys, clothes, face. Hell! Even college admissions. Everything Roxanne prayed for, was gifted to Rayla for free!
And now, the one thing that was hers, Rayla placed her claws on it and snatched it from under her nose.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She sought for tears but couldn't cry. She tried to scream but could not find her voice. She wanted to turn on her heels and run as far away from them as she could, but her limbs had failed her as well.
She could only stare at them with disbelief and pain.
"I want to keep my baby, Roxanne. I am an honorable man, I cannot..." Jonah was interrupted by the sound of Roxanne's bitter and hysterical laughter.
She snorted, "Honorable? You call yourself honorable? Is this some kind of honor among thieves Shakespearean movie to you?!"
Rayla rolled her eyes before speaking.
"Come on, Roxanne, we didn't mean it like..."
"How long has this been going on?" Rage burned with a red fiery flame in Roxanne's eyes as she glared at them.
"Six months," Rayla answered.
Roxanne went cold with rage, blood drained from her face.
It all made sense now. Six months of Jonah constantly being busy, six months of canceling most of their plans, now she understood why.
"Six months," Roxanne repeated, breathless with anger.
"I'm so sorry Roxy, we wanted mum and dad to tell you, but..."
Her head snapped to the side as tears gathered in her eyes.
"Mum and Dad knew?"
Rayla nodded, her blue eyes filled with mock guilt and crocodile tears. Roxanne wanted to drag her by her head and smash her pretty face against the wall.
But she couldn't; instead, she shook her head and took slow steps backward.
Rayla tried to reach out to her, but Roxanne moved away swiftly, allowing her tears to flow freely.
"You're lying! The both of you are liars!" she screamed, pulling the sleeves of her suit frantically.
Jonah didn't move to console her; he didn't call out to her, he just stood and watched with his hands in his pocket. He didn't look at her with love, he didn't look at her with remorse. There was only nonchalance and irritation in his eyes.
Did he not care about her? Did he not love her?
"No," Jonah said.
She breathed out, before turning her back towards them and dashing out of the house, her vision blurry with tears.
###CHAPTER 2: IN JUST ONE DAY
After she ran out of the house, Roxanne hastily flagged down a taxi. She threw herself into the passenger's seat immediately it stopped.
"Thirty first Avenue," she said, locking her fingers tightly together to stop her palms from shaking.
Tears welled up in her eyes once more. Again, she fought them back in, she had to. She had to keep fighting the tears back in until she figured out exactly what was going on. Roxanne sat patiently in the passenger's seat on the road to her parents' house. But the ride was driving her crazy. She wanted to steady her thoughts, but couldn't.
There was a deep hole in her chest, a very deep one that Jonah and Rayla had dug with their own two hands.
Their words continued to echo in her head, the smug look on Rayla's face; the nonchalance in Jonah's eyes!
Roxanne gasped, struggling for air. She clutched her suit trousers tight and held on to it as if it was what was going to ease her pain, as if it would fill the hole in her chest or fill her lungs with air to breathe. There had to be some sort of explanation. Maybe her parents were in on it too.
Maybe a prank, to celebrate something! Probably her new job. Yes! That had to be it.
Roxanne coughed and sniffed in her tears, she would not cry anymore. Everything was just a cruel, joke, it had to be.
Her sudden migraine threatened to split her head into two as she thought of Jonah again. He would hold and kiss her after she told him how the prank had shattered her, she was sure of it.
She would tell them all that the prank was unnecessary, she would smile and say, "Oh darling, you shouldn't have done that." He would drive her to work, kiss her for goodluck, and everything would be fine again. When the taxi stopped in front of her parent's house, Roxanne took one glance at the whole polished bungalow before storming out of the taxi.
She normally took time to appreciate her mother's lavender flowers sprawled all over the front porch, but there was nothing to appreciate about them today. They sickened her.
Roxanne planted herself at the foot of the door and knocked on it.
"Someone answer me before I tear this door down!" she screamed.
That seemed to do the trick.
Theresa, Roxanne's older sister answered the door bell, Roxanne pushed past her into the living room.
She stopped to look around.
Nobody, there was nobody here. No decorations, no cake, no balloons, no Emily...no nothing.
She was wrong, there was no waiting party. The little part of her heart she had tried to hold together, shattered into a million pieces, her eyelids stung harshly from all the hot tears she was fighting back. Anger quickly replaced the confusion, uncertainty and heart break.
"Where's Mum and Dad?" she asked, pacing frantically about the large room.
"What the f*** crawled up your a***?" Theresa asked, coming from behind.
"Mum! Dad! Somebody get down here and answer me this minute!"
Roxanne screamed at the top of her voice, ignoring Theresa's questions.
She was going to get her answers, it didn't matter if she had to tear the house down.
"Roxy, are you okay?"
Roxanne turned to Theresa, holding a finger out so she knew better than to reach out for her. Her eyes were red with glazing anger. With every second that past, Roxanne was growing weaker and dizzier; the adrenaline that coursed through her veins was poisoned with spite, and there was nothing she could not do at this moment.
Theresa saw all these, and did not come any closer.
A bitter laugh escaped Roxanne's throat.
"Am I okay? I need someone in this house to tell me why my fiancé and my sister were holding hands on my front porch with an invitation card to their wedding! You better start talking, because I'm running late..." she wanted to gag on her tears, "...for work!" she screamed, pacing about hysterically. She wanted to throw the TV on the wall down to the floor and watch it crumble into pieces, like her heart.
Confused, Theresa looked around; she heaved a sigh of relief when their parents came down the stairs.
With the look in her daughter's eyes, Sarah knew what Roxanne had come here for.
The elderly woman gently squeezed her husband's hands as Tony turned to her.
"She knows," Sarah muttered, loud enough for Roxanne to hear.
In that brief second, Roxanne snapped her neck in the direction of her mother's voice. The look in her eyes only confirmed one thing; it was true.
They had betrayed her, every single one of them.
"Like hell I do! When was anybody here going to tell me? On the day of the wedding?"
Disheartened and confused, Sarah opened her mouth to speak. Roxanne was faster.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"And you all knew and thought it was okay? Jonah and I have been together for half of our lives, you sat and allowed Rayla to ruin everything?"
Sarah's eyes locked with Theresa's, silently pleading with her daughter to speak on her behalf.
With a nod, Theresa spoke up, moving closer to her sister with a concerned look.
"Listen Roxy, Rayla didn't mean to ruin anything. You have to understand that there's very little either of them could do. Love finds us in the strangest of ways."
A bitter chuckle escaped Roxanne's lips. As she stood there, watching all of them give her stupid explanations to justify their betrayal, she wanted to spit on each and every one of their faces. Love. What did any of them know about that word?
"Love? You stand there and you talk to me about love?! It is supposed to be OUR wedding mum! Mine and Jonah's, not Rayla and Jonah's!"
Sarah and her husband, Tony, where now at the foot of the stairs. However, they knew better than to go any closer to Roxanne.
"We can fix that my dear! You and Rayla look alike, there wouldn't be much difference, people won't even know when we switch the names..." Tony spoke up, with soft eyes as he looked at his daughter. "Your father is right..." Sarah cut in.
"Sweetie, you know how important we are in the church. What would people say to us when they find out Rayla is pregnant before marriage? Think about your sister, do you want her baby to grow up without a father?" she continued. Beckoning on her daughter's forgiveness and understanding.
Her eyes pleaded with Roxanne to be reasonable.
But, Roxanne was far from that. What she felt now, was a far cry from reason.
"Please, baby...be reasonable," Tony added again.
That was the last straw. Rage quickened her blood and her fury roared to life. They all stood around her, staring pathetically. Not knowing what to say or do. Reason. Did they just ask her to be reasonable?!
Her sister had been sleeping with a man they all knew she was dating, she got pregnant for him, and they all knew! And now, now she's the bad person for feeling bad? She's at fault for getting angry? She should be more considerate and think about her sister?
NOBODY HAD THOUGHT ABOUT HER. Nobody had considered how she felt! She was just supposed to understand and forgive! She was supposed to feel for Rayla's child. To hell with Rayla's child. To hell with Rayla. To hell with every one of them.
If she had seen this story in a reality TV show, she would have laughed to scorn. Perhaps that was the reason the only thing she could do now was laugh... in pain. Everyone's gaze shifted from Roxanne to the door when it opened.
Roxanne's eyes fell on Rayla's frame. The urge to yank her perfectly straight blonde hair from her skull lay in Roxanne's stomach. If Rayla moved one step closer, she just might. "The nerve of you all to stand here and talk to me after what you've done," Roxanne spoke agin.
Roxanne could not stop the tears that flowed freely down her cheeks. She felt helpless and cold.
When she woke up this morning, she had not planned to be stabbed at the back by your own family, she had never expected this from any of them.
"I am so sorry, I never intended for this to happen. Jonah and I fell in love and we..."
"Stop," Roxanne cut in.
She cast a bitter glance around the living room and smiled.
"You know what? I never want to see any of you again. Ever."
The emphasis she laid on the last word caused Sarah's eyes to soften. Roxanne saw this but was far from caring.
As she walked slowly to the door, she stopped by Rayla's side and looked up at her.
"I always let you have everything. You wasted no time and spared no effort to show me how much better you were. I never said anything. But this..." She paused, tearing her gaze from her sister.
"This is the height of it."
With that statement, she was out of the door. Unsure of ever returning.
###CHAPTER 3: MORE PAIN
Roxanne took the first taxi she saw am and headed to LexCorp. She did not care that there was a mother and stubborn crying baby inside. In fact, she liked the fact that there was a crying baby in it, that way, she was able to mask the sound of her own wailing.
She would have bailed from work if today wasn't so important to her. Besides, it won't hurt to get a piece of good news after being slapped in the face with a bad one.
So, she bit her lower lip and tried to hold on to the thin thread her sanity was clinging to. All the while, trying to think of two good reasons why she shouldn't drive a bullet into Jonah's heart.
Finally, when the taxi alighted fifty-story building, she jumped down from the taxi and pushed her way past the high glass doors.
She ignored every greeting and did not say a word to anybody, not even the receptionist whom she usually threw a smile at every morning; well, this wasn't like every other morning.
Roxanne hurried to the bathroom on the ground floor and planted herself in front of the mirror. Even though she was forty-five minutes late for work, she couldn't bring herself to walk into the conference Hall with her eyeliner smudged and her mascara running down her cheeks, mixed with her tears.
She drew out a wad of tissue and wiped her face bare.
Yes, it wouldn't hurt to look bare and numb, those were the words closest to defining what she felt right now.
When she was done, she scurried out of the bathroom stall, into the office lobby, and flung herself into the first elevator she saw open.
Her knees were shaking, her head was spinning, the hole in her chest seemed to sink deeper and deeper with every second, but Roxanne had to pull through it.
"Think of your promotion," she said to herself, inhaling and exhaling deeply and slowly.
In three minutes, she was on the 27th floor, where the conference Hall sat. She hurried out of the elevator, clutching her bag the same way pain held her heart, and navigated through the lobby of offices, until she found the door of the conference room.
It was slightly open. Roxanne inhaled deeply. She could do this, she could pull herself together for thirty minutes. She just had to.
On that note, she squeezed her way through the door and sneaked into the hall.
All eyes around the round table fell on her immediately.
Including her CEO's, Alexander. She feigned a smile as she squeezed herself into a seat by the door.
The elderly man did not take his eyes off her, instead, he frowned.
"Nice of you to join us almost an hour late, Miss Harvey."
Oh no. She was s***, what would she say to him? Roxanne thought of opening her mouth to say something.
"I'm sorry, sir, I was..."
"There is no need, we were just about rounding off. You can meet your colleagues..." he cut in then paused and heaved a long sigh. "Ex-colleague for the rest of the details..."
Roxanne blinked twice. The last thing she heard him say was "ex-colleagues" before she zoned out completely.
What did he mean by ex-colleagues? She shook her head violently. This had to be a dream, every part of it had to be a scary nightmare. Maybe if she shook her head hard enough, she would wake up.
"The company needed to lay off some people due to the recent struggles. You are one of them. You're fired, Roxanne Harvey."
As she struggled to make sense of what she had just heard, she sat stunned in between her colleagues.
Her shocked eyes continued to dance around the round table. She was finding it hard to believe her ears.
What did he mean by she was FIRED? How the hell could she be fired? No! There had to be a mistake somewhere.
She didn't know when she stood up and b*** the table with her palms.
"What?!"
Not this, not today. All these things could not be happening to her today. Her world could not be crumbling into pieces in just one day!
Alexander, the CEO of Lex Corp - the company she had given seven years of her blood, sweat, and tears to- tore his gaze from the paper in his hands and looked over to her, ordering her to sit down.
Roxanne wouldn't budge. She admired and respected the older man, but this mistake had to be rectified immediately.
"With all due respect Mr. Lex, there has to be some kind of mistake..."
"Are you saying Hardy did not access your efficiency correctly?" he cut in, visibly irked.
Roxanne's eyes drifted to Hardy, Thomas Hardy. He stood behind Alexander, his usual grin spread across his face.
His eyes danced around her face. As if saying, "I won b***".
Thomas Hardy was, and still remains Roxanne's worst nightmare.
Head of human management at LexCorp, Thomas Hardy, had always had his eyes on Roxanne.
Four times he had tried to get Roxanne into his bed-or rather, office table-four times, she had blatantly refused him.
Thomas had not taken it likely. After serving her countless queries, he had finally decided to threaten her with her stay at LexCorp.
"If you keep on like this, your days in this corporation are numbered," his words echoed in her ears like thunder.
Damn. You. Bastard.
She cursed underneath her breath.
Desperate, she returned her focus to the older man.
"Sir please, I have given my life to this company. You have to understand that I..."
'That this job is the only thing that's keeping me sane. That I have lost my fiancé, severed all ties with my family and this is all I have left...' she wanted to add, with shaking breath. Thankfully, she was interrupted by the last man she wanted to look at now; well, after Jonah.
"You can see me after this meeting if you have any complaints Miss Harvey. For now, please sit down," Thomas ordered, his daunting eyes toyed with her furious violet ones.
Defeated, Roxanne fell back into her seat, trying to still her violently shivering body and quivering lips.
The rest of the meeting went by in a blur. For the remaining ten minutes, Roxanne could only focus on one thing; ten ways to castrate Thomas once the meeting was over, and extend the hand of castration to Jonah as well. As Alexander rose to leave the board room, Roxanne rushed to her feet, following him closely behind.
"Sir please, give me a chance to..."
"You heard Mister Hardy, if there's anything you need, be sure to meet him." Alexander threw over his shoulder, not sparing her another glance.
Roxanne staggered back, this couldn't be happening, it had be a nightmare, one that she really needed to wake up from.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Slowly, she turned back to Thomas, giving him a stony glare as she approached him.
"The nerve of you," she said. Her tone was low; anger had made her almost inaudible.
Thomas's eyes rested on her, traveling around her face as he scoffed.
"Don't act so surprised. You certainly knew this was coming for you," he shot back, looking over her shoulder.
"All this because I wouldn't let you f*** me?"
The words were out before she could take them back, but she fought the urge to cry. She would never give Thomas the pleasure of seeing her distraught, vulnerable.
He bursts out laughing, tapping her shoulder for support.
Roxanne wished she could stab his hands, but an assault charge would do her no good.
"Don't flatter yourself Miss Harvey, I can get a good f*** anywhere."
He leaned into her and whispered against her left ear.
"This is because you thought you were different. I am simply reminding you that you're like every other American woman out there. Now, you're like every jobless woman out there." The way he emphasized the word 'jobless' caused Roxanne to shrink under his gaze.
No matter how she looked at it, he had the upper hand.
Thomas straightened his frame and shook his head, before slamming her face with a teary view of his back.
"You have just ten minutes to exit this building Miss Harvey. Make it count."
She heard Hardy's voice call out.
Standing transfixed, she watched him exit the room with his back turned to her. Her eyelids burned with the tears that threatened to swarm her cheeks, even as her knees buckled beneath her thighs.
Five years of dedication was just thrown out of the window. Everything she had ever worked hard for, walked out of the room with Hardy.
Beads of sweat trickled down her face. This still wasn't making any sense. How could Lex Corp throw away seven years of hard work and dedication? Did her countless sacrifices to this company mean nothing to them? Did nothing she did for anybody matter to them?
Her family! Jonah! And now LexCorp.
Seven years of giving Lex Corp all she had. Seven years of being endlessly dedicated came to a tragic ending in the twinkle of an eye.
And Jonah? Roxanne found herself choking on her tears as his face flashed through her mind.
She had been with him for more than half of her life, growing from friends to lovers. Yet, even he did not think twice before snatching the greatest opportunity to break her heart into pieces. She suddenly remembered her best friend's words this morning.
"Your modesty insults me, Roxy. You know that job is yours. Girl you've given that company all your late nights and early as f*** mornings, they'll be crazy not to give you that promotion." Emily's words had assured her she would get the promotion.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Emily was the one person she should talk to right now. Her best friend and flatmate was the one person she needed to see, she was the one person who could pacify her right now. With that thought, Roxanne picked up her bag and whatever was left of her dignity and hurried out of conference room, running out of the building without looking back.
The next thirty days went by in a blur. Between searching for jobs online and spending most of her time in her sister's bakery, Roxanne had lost track of time.
Isabelle, her oldest sister and best friend had been wonderful to her. Besides Emily, she was the next person Roxanne knew she could run to, whether she needed a helping hand or a listening ear. After all, Isabelle understood more than anyone what it meant to be blindsided by family.
After Isabelle came out as a lesbian to the Harveys, the rest of the family had found ways to isolate themselves from her and her affairs.
Isabelle Harvey couldn't have been gladder anyway. It allowed her the freedom to get married to Carrie and be happy.
It was on one of the visits to Isabelle's confectionery shop that Roxanne had been talked into attending the wedding.
Isabelle had gone so hard on 'family first' that she could not believe it was the same Isabelle their mother had practically kicked out.
Roxanne found hope in Isabelle. If she could attend the wedding and look at their parents without breaking down, then Roxanne could attend the wedding as well.
Isabelle wasn't the one who was about to watch her ex-fiancé get married to her twin sister.
But, Isabelle made Roxanne promise to attend. Who says no to their favorite sister?
Jonah tried to reach her. Calls went straight to voicemail and emails remained in the trash of her Gmail. The night he dared to show himself at her house, Emily gathered all the morality she could muster not to beat him up. The wedding was only a few hours away. Emily and Isabelle had taken it upon themselves to be her personal stylist and make-up artist.
Now, all she needed was a date.
"There is no way we're letting you step feet into that cathedral without a man," Emily's voice still thundered in her head as she swiped through her tinder app.
None of the seemingly decent men she had found had been interested in her profile. She could remember Emily saying it was as a result of the picture she used, but Roxanne didn't see anything wrong in the photo and so did not change it. When the last person refused a meet up, Roxanne sighed and turned off the laptop.
"Men are stupid," she said, causing Emily who was busy knitting a scarf on the couch in front of the television, to smile.
"Tomorrow is the wedding, sure you don't want to try harder?"
"F*** it. I'm going to bed. I'll survive tomorrow on my own."
Roxanne gave up, taking slow strides up the stairs.
Deep down, she wanted to believe it was true.
Maybe, just maybe if she said it to herself in the mirror time and time again, she would be able to believe herself.
She might just be able to make it through the wedding tomorrow without pulling the trigger on any of them; Rayla or Jonah. Or, Both?
###CHAPTER 4: LOST FOR WORDS
Emily was stunned when she woke up to find a hand pulling her by her right wrist the next morning. "I lied! I won't survive today by myself!"
Emily's eyes widened in surprise as she took in the sight of Roxanne clad in her bathrobe.
"What the hell is going on?" Emily asked, eyeing her friend even as she stretched out her arms.
"It's 9am, Emily, and I am scared! I can't show my face in that wedding without a date. Please call your brothers, any of them. I need help!"
Emily could see her friend's pain in her eyes, the tears she fought to keep back betrayed themselves in her voice. She wished there was something she could do to help, but all she could do, she had already done. Roxanne allowed herself to be pulled into Emily's arms, she relaxed against her best friend's chest as she ran her fingers down her hair. The gesture helped to calm Roxanne's mild panic attack.
Emily held on to Roxanne without saying a word, and that was enough assurance for her that she would be alright.
For a moment, Roxanne felt better. Emily always made her feel better, it was the reason they remained inseparable since high school. In college, distance was not strong enough to keep them apart. While Emily flew to France to attend a School of Arts, Roxanne remained in the heart of Texas. Still, the two didn't go a day without greeting each other in the morning and saying goodbye at night.
With Emily, dressing up seemed easier. If she was going to look Jonah and her sister in the eyes again, she made sure she would do it as a better and prettier woman.
More beautiful than any of them had ever seen her.
As she stared at herself in the dressing mirror, Roxanne knew that her first mission was accomplished.
The sky-blue lace gown hugged her curves, down to her ankles before forming a ball around her feet. The sleeves were long, down to her wrists. The round neck was held back with a fancy button at the back of her neck. Her back was bare, as the dress exposed all of it before forming a V-shaped cut just above her waist.
Her brown hair rested against her left shoulder, flowing down to the side of her belly button. She had glazing matching blue earrings on. Her makeup was done nice and simple.
Roxanne felt like a totally different person. With heels on, the resemblance between her and Rayla became glaring.
It caused her to shudder in anger.
Emily left an hour earlier to attend to guests at the church, in place of Roxanne, who insisted she wanted to come much later.
However, her friend had made sure to leave her car behind. Roxanne did not intend to roam the streets in a bridal train dress while searching for a date, any suitable man at all. She had to find someone to walk into the church with, anyone.
Emily's blue Toyota Hyundai was a stark contrast to her sea blue colored gown, Roxanne drove it anyway.
Even as her eyes remained on the busy streets of Manhattan, her mind continued to race. Who could she call? An ex-colleague? A friend? Shit.
Her heart began to race inside her chest again. She was confused, and very delusional to think that she would be able to go to that wedding herself! Roxanne couldn't, she knew it. She had to find someone, even if it was a waiter at a restaurant.
She g*** in frustration, pounding her fists against the steering wheel. She was going crazy just thinking about it. She had never had many male friends, she never bothered making any because Jonah frowned against it. Tears welled up in her eyes at the thought of him.
Jonah Rivers. They had known each other since elementary school and started dating during their sophomore year in high school. He had always been there, through puberty, adolescence, adulthood, cranky college days, college graduation, post-graduate school, her internship days, all of it. They were in each other's lives during all the major milestones.
She was with him when he broke out of his architecture firm and decided to go solo. She was with him through the nights he worked his head off and the mornings he slept in. She was there to leave a cup of coffee on his table when he worked late nights, she was there to take his socks off and put him to bed when sleep caught him off guard on his work table.
When he finally got his breakthrough and started his own firm, she was there to show her support in the best of ways.
She was always there. Yet, he betrayed her in the worst of ways.
It could have been anyone. Roxanne wished that it was anyone else apart from her sister. He could have decided to get any random girl pregnant. Instead, he chose her twin sister. And Roxanne would never forgive him for...
Horror flashed through her eyes as she caught sight of the traffic light above them. The red color was blaring. She was going to make a major crossover from her end of the junction to the other when she caught sight of the traffic light. In panic, she pressed her left foot on the brake pad of the car, causing it to come to a swift and abrupt halt.
The sigh that was to escape her lips was a grateful one. She would have lost Emily's car and would have to pay almost a hundred dollars to get it back, if not more had she been caught disobeying traffic rules, and that was money she did not have.
However, her Thanksgiving did not even last thirty seconds.
B***.
Roxanne's
eyes widened in horror as shock coursed through her veins. Her head flew towards the steering wheel; she found herself placing her hands on the car horn to stop her head from colliding with the steering wheel.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
What the hell just happened?
The collusive force exerted by the car coming from behind was intense when it hit hers.
It could have f*** killed her! Roxanne's heart pounded violently against her chest at the thought. But a small voice in her told her it wouldn't have been such a bad idea.
Her hands gripped the steering as she fought to steady her breath. Her hands visibly shook against the leather coat of the steering.
She could have been severely injured. Emily would have been hurt, they would have said she tried to kill herself.
She could already see Rayla's fake tears and fake show of sympathy. She would have blamed herself for Roxanne's "suicide."
Her jaw tightened at the word. She knew it was what they would call it.
"Poor girl. Couldn't cope with the betrayal," they would have said.
Anger. The most common form of emotion Roxanne found herself portraying these days. It washed over her once again as she pushed the car door open and stomped out of it.
Whoever was behind her was going to pay for the damages. She was in luck because Emily's car was insured, but Roxanne wasn't going to let the careless driver behind her get away with it, never.
Her eyes looked over the black Range Rover once again, even as she stared past the glass of the windshield to the driver who was visibly shaking. All cars beside them had stopped as well.
Was he really still sitting in there when he had almost killed her?
Furious, she moved closer to the car and slapped her palm across the windshield.
"Mister, I swear to God if you do not get down from this car right now, I'm going to make sure neither of us walks out of here sane! You almost killed me and you're sitting cozy in your chair doing nothing?!" she screamed in anger. Her eyes grazed the scratched bonnet of the car. She smiled in satisfaction, even though the smile was in her head. His car was damaged as well, 50/50.
But it wasn't enough, not for her.
Finally, she had found a way to let out one month's worth of frustration. It was a pity the man behind the wheel was going to take the fall for it.
Slowly, the young man climbed down from the driver's seat and stood in front of Roxanne.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Madam, I'm so sorry. I..."
"You're sorry? You've ruined my car and you could have killed me and you're sorry?!" She turned to her car, pointing at it, and turned back to the lean man.
"I was driving right in front of you! And you just ran into me! Where was your head? Up in the clouds?!"
She was angry, so angry, and his apologetic eyes hidden behind heavy lens did not do anything to calm her down.
What was wrong with this world? Why did everything have to be against her all the time!
She was so focused on her screaming and ranting that she didn't see the man's eyes move away from hers and rest on the figure behind her.
"Mr. Lancelot sir... Please get in the car, it's nothing serious, I'm handling it," the man spoke, as something that resembled respect and fear darkened his gaze.
Roxanne paused. It was only when she stopped talking that she could hear the sound of breathing above her. It was then she took note of the shadow looming over her own and the direction of the driver's gaze. Right at her back.
Her eyebrows furrowed in a scowl as she spun on her heels.
Her eyes met the chest of a man clad in a blue tuxedo. Uncertain of what to expect, her eyes traveled up, through a broad chest and perfectly sculpted shoulder blades.
When her eyes reached his face, bored blue eyes stared down at her.
She froze, the look in his eyes was cold enough to freeze her.
"Call another car Peter, I'll take care of her," the man said. Even as his eyes left Roxanne's and fell on the driver.
She didn't see the man behind her return to the car. Her eyes were fixed on him, sinking deeper into his gaze as he stared down at her again.
She was shocked. She couldn't scream at him the way she screamed at the driver. It was almost like his ice blue eyes paralyzed her.
He raised a brow in query, only then did Roxanne notice she had been gawking at him.
"What is the problem, miss?" Now, his attention was on her; his gaze was on her. He was directing his question to her.
'Holy shit,' Roxanne muttered in her head when she realized his eyes on her had tied her tongue as well.
###CHAPTER 5: FOUND HIM!
"What's the problem, miss?" he asked her once again. When he asked the question the first time, she didn't answer him.
Lancelot thought it best to assume she did not hear him the first time. How could she? When all along she had been staring at his face. Her eyes subconsciously danced from his lips, to his jaw, then his eyes again.
It would have amazed him how fascinated she was with his physical being if he wasn't so used to it already. She wasn't the first and she certainly couldn't be the last.
As he watched her blink rapidly before stepping away from him, Lancelot tucked both his hands into the pocket of his blue trousers.
He just wished she would tell him how much she needed to get her car fixed so he could move on. He, on the other hand, would have to toll his car away until he could get it fixed.
His eyes traveled to the bonnet. With the damage the collision had done, it would take at least a day or two to get it completely fixed. He could only wonder what else had gone wrong inside the car.
When Peter had collided with the car in front of them, Lancelot's cup of coffee dropped from his hands. The contents spilled all over the floor, bits of it on his shoes. Irritated, he leaned down to wipe the coffee stains from them, only to look up and see this crazy woman holding Peter by the neck, literally.
Lancelot looked around and noticed cars pull over and spectators pull out their phones to take pictures and videos. His jaw tightened with irritation.
He had to do something before she embarrassed him any further.
"What is the problem?!" she cried out.
Lancelot almost scoffed in amusement as he tore his blue eyes away from her fierce violet ones. Looking over her swollen eyelids, almost ruined mascara, and bridal dress, Lancelot could pick out one very important thing; she was another crazy American woman.
Luckily, he had all the financial resources to get her the f*** out of his way.
"Your driver almost killed me! Just after wrecking the back of my car!" she yelled again, dramatically throwing her hands over her head.
Sighing, he looked around one last time. The cars beside them had reduced, but people continued to keep eyes on them. It was sickening, every second of it.
"Are you okay?" he managed to ask. More out of impatience than concern. Frankly, Lancelot couldn't care less. If hospital care, money for her car, and a small change for a cab were all she needed, he was ready and able to give her just that. "What?" she asked back, not believing the question he had just asked, or the manner he had asked it.
He frowned. Lancelot Dankworth was never one to repeat himself.
"You should hold on for a while. A cab would be here soon and I would take care of the bills as well as the bills needed to get your car fixed." With his tone, he made it very clear to her that it wasn't a suggestion, it wasn't a plea; it was an offer and an order as well-one she could either take and be happy, or leave and get the hell out of his sight.
His statement seemed to have insulted her. Now, she was looking up at him, her small arms folded under her b***.
"My car is insured. I don't need your money," she stated. The previous beam of rage he had seen in her eyes had returned.
Lancelot wanted to scoff, but he just shrugged his shoulder instead.
'Then you should stop causing a scene and move away from here,' he wanted to say. Instead, he stayed quiet, allowing her the pleasure of stating exactly what she wanted without him having to ask her again.
Even as he watched her, he couldn't understand why, despite how repulsed he was by her overbearing presence, inside him, his wolf seemed to growl and gnarl with need. He ignored his wolf; if Ziko wanted to have fun with ladies, he could have more than enough of it later. Right now, he had a crazy woman to settle and a cozy hotel room to get to.
Suddenly, her eyes brightened. Her frown was gone, as well as the creases on her forehead. Now she was... smiling?
Lancelot had to step back a bit. She smiled at him like she had just won a lottery, or something bigger.
"But," she said, "there is something you can do for me." He noticed how she sounded too excited and his left brow raised in suspicion.
"So?"
"I want... Sorry, I need you to escort me to a wedding ceremony," she stated.
Just like that. Lancelot thought he had not heard her properly, so he looked over her again. It was a silent signal for her to repeat whatever she had just said.
She seemed to get it, because she let out a nervous chuckle.
Lancelot felt himself heave a sigh of relief. Good, she was joking.
"I promise you, I'm not crazy..." she said aloud after chuckling.
"You could have fooled me," he said to himself, now taking time to highlight the woman's features.
Violet eyes and brown hair; she was short, nothing more than five feet and six inches tall. The sky-blue gown she wore currently accentuated her curves, and her lush lips drew his eyes as she smiled nervously.
She seemed to notice the lack of interest and indifference in his eyes, because once his gaze returned to her face, she was pointing at her car.
"You owe me one noble and chivalrous deed, mister," she spoke out, pouting.
"You are not joking after all," he said aloud, mentally slapping himself. He had intended to say that in his head before rolling his eyes.
"I'm being very honest! If there's one thing I've ever been serious about, it's this. You don't have to do anything. All you have to do is escort me to the wedding and be by my side at all times." "And why would I want to do that?"
F***! Another question he had intended to ask himself. How was this woman managing to make words slip out of his mouth?
Now, she took one step closer to him. Her eyes danced around his face as she moved closer to him, Lancelot felt his heart pound against his chest. He heard Ziko's heavy breaths rise and fall ferociously. What was happening to him?
"You'll do it because you are a proper British man, and British men have a reputation for keeping to their word."
Lancelot was taking aback by her statement. Still, he made an excellent show at hiding it.
Lancelot Dankworth, Alpha prince and heir to the throne of the biggest, most prosperous and most feared werewolf pack was never one to show any emotions at all.
Still, she managed to see through it. Or maybe she thought he would want to know how she quickly figured it out.
"Your accent gave it away."
Lancelot fought the urge to roll his eyes. Of course it did.
"It won't take much of your time, I promise you."
He shrugged.
"It had better not."
The lady broke out another smile again, stretching a hand towards him for a handshake.
Lancelot wanted to roll his eyes and look away from her, but he had to be polite. After all...
His eyes traveled to her car again.
He did owe her.
He took her hand in his, and that was when he felt his heart stop for few seconds.
Fire. That was what he felt when her skin clashed with his. Heat rose in his stomach and threatened to burn his cheeks.
What was happening to him?
"Mate!" he heard Ziko call the first time. Lancelot was going to ignore it, he had to.
"I'm Roxanne Harvey," the lady said again, smiling as she shook his hand.
"Mine!" he heard Ziko growl again.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot's eyes fell to the spot she held his hand in hers. He looked over the crazy American woman again.
'You've got to be kidding me,' he thought to himself.
In defense, he pulled his hand away from Roxanne's grip immediately.
"Sir," he heard Peter's voice call out.
Both their heads turned to the speaker. There was a brown Tesla parked by their side. Tolling vans and road safety officials were scattered all around them.
How had he not taken note of all of it earlier? Did she manage to steal his attention so well that all he could see was her?
Lancelot looked back at Roxanne again.
"The ride is ours. I believe we have a wedding to attend."
Roxanne was beaming with smiles; smiles of gratitude and relief.
Peter stared up at him, visibly perplexed.
"Just get my things to the hotel. I'll call you when I need you."
"Yes...sir," the young man muttered.
Before he could do anything, Roxanne opened the car door and moved inside.
Lancelot stood behind her for some seconds; she was certainly a crazy American woman. Ziko must have had his head messed up.
*******
Sitting side by side in the tight cab as they rode to the church, Roxanne was able to smell his scent.
He smelled of mint flavored after shave cream with a mix of the best Arabian fragrances. She knew, she had worked with a lot of big shot Arabian clients back at Lex Corp to know how they scented. Her heart froze. LexCorp.
Lavender. That was what she scented like. And just as ordinarily beautiful as the purple flower, she sat by his side, hands folded on top of her lap as she stared outside the window absentmindedly.
Lancelot had a weird urge to talk to her. For the first time, a woman seemed aloof around him. Not at all interested in crawling into his bed at the first chance she got, taking a picture or even getting his number. All she wanted, was a date to this wedding of hers. Which he was now curious about.
"Trying to make an ex-jealous?" he asked. He thought of tapping her thigh to get her attenton, but decided against it, the seat was hot enough for him already.
Roxanne turned to him and sighed.
"Story, story," she began.
Lancelot wanted to chuckle. After deciding against it, he simply nodded.
"So there is an ex?" he asked again, turning away from her briefly.
"Hell yes! And he's getting married to my twin sister."
When she saw his brow raised in query, she laughed.
"Yeah, I'm talking some biblical Rachel and Leah type of shit," she continued.
Lancelot was amused by her case study, he was certain she had been told the story a long time ago and she had forgotten the sisters weren't twins.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Rachel and Leah were not twins," he noted. Turning back to her and seeing the look on her face, Lancelot wished for a brief second, that he could find it in him to laugh.
Roxanne appeared thoughtful. She had, as a matter of fact, thought they were twin sisters.
"Really?"
"Absolutely."
She continued to doubt him, he could see it in the way her eyes narrowed at him.
This act reminded him of his mother, Madeline Dankworth.
He could see her in the way Roxanne stared at him. Madeline's eyes were able to sniff lies from anyone, both man and wolf.
It was one of the things that kept their pack strong, feared, and resourceful. While his father stood as the physical strength and the pillar of the pack, his mother stood beside him as the brain box and powerhouse of the pack. Madeline Dankworth made the decisions, Edward Dankworth enforced them.
"Doesn't it hurt you? The betrayal?" Lancelot pushed on.
For a brief second, there was a flash of pain in her eyes. Once she blinked, it was gone and replaced by a smile so bright and genuine.
Lancelot wondered if he had imagined the flash in her eyes.
Either that, or she was a hell of a good actress. Either way, Lancelot was interested in her story.
Roxanne sighed. She had dwelt too much on the hurt that she felt nothing now. Though she feared that if she watched Jonah say the words she had been waiting to hear him say for more than half of her life, to his sister, she might not be able to take it.
It was for this sole reason, she had insisted on reaching the wedding a lot later.
She could survive the wedding party later at night, but certainly not the exchange of vows and rings.
"Does it hurt? Boy, I've cried so much, my tear glands cried out one morning. I can't continue to do that. I mean, it's life. Ozone layer depletion is there to be worried about, I can't keep thinking about what I can't change."
Simple. Brave. Forgiving. Lancelot took note. Three things that he was light years away from being. He saw the way she quickly turned away from him.
'Hold her hand, she needs you,' he heard Ziko cry. Slowly, he stretched his hand out to cover hers. Midair, he drew it back.
"This is happening too fast," he muttered.
She turned to him and asked, "Did you say something?"
As he opened his mouth to speak, the driver spoke instead.
"The cathedral madam."
"Took us long enough," Roxanne said.
Lancelot caught sight of the way her fists clenched themselves tightly on her thighs.
He looked over her once again. The veins on her arms, creases on her forehead, beads of sweat that gathered but wouldn't drop down.
She was hurt. No matter how hard she tried to hide it, she was torn inside.
And he knew, he knew, because he was a victim of the world as well.
###CHAPTER 6: THE STRANGE AMERICAN WOMAN
After paying the driver, she touched the door handle and turned to him.
"Remember, stay close to me and do not say a word. I do the talking and you smile, shake hands and kiss my forehead when necessary."
She turned away from him and opened the door. A thought crawled up to her head and she returned her face to his.
"Note. I said when necessary."
Her emphasis on the last two words caused him to scoff.
If he wanted to, he would kiss her forehead-that and every part of her body-soon enough. Only if he wanted to; and he knew he wanted to.
If he was going to get an answer to the questions raging in his head, he was going to have to touch her.
The urge to hold her was strange to him. Knowing how much he hated physical contact, Lancelot wondered what it was about her that caused him to want to hold her. Maybe it was the fact that Ziko had warmed up to her.
WARMED UP.
Ziko had not only warmed up to her, he had acknowledged her as his mate. That wasn't possible. She was a human female! Not only that but an American one as well.
The royal house of Dankworth would laugh him to scorn.
When they stood together, Roxanne stretched out her hand.
Confused, his brow arched. Roxanne sighed.
"As far as everyone in here is concerned, we have been friends for a long time and we are about to take our relationship to the next level."
Lancelot's eyes widened. He couldn't help it.
What did she just say?
Roxanne noticed the look in his eyes and burst out laughing.
"It's just for tonight. No one is expecting you to propose to me tonight. Although, Rayla might just pass out from jealousy." The thought caused Roxanne to smile; she took Lancelot's arm and locked hers in it. His eyes widened, the nerve of her.
Tensed against her hold, he stayed quiet as they walked hand in hand into the church.
"Wait!" Roxanne exclaimed.
Rolling his eyes, he frowned and looked down at her.
"What is it?"
"We have to give ourselves code names," she whispered, looking up at him.
Was she joking? Her eyes were dead serious. No, she wasn't.
Lancelot looked over her and shook his head.
What was wrong with American women?
"Code what?"
"You know, just in case I need your attention at any time."
"You've strapped me to you, I won't be leaving anytime soon."
Her brows furrowed. She didn't believe him.
"Just in case you decide to wander off. Men, they can never know with you guys."
The second sentence came out with a hinge of malice.
Lancelot sighed and looked ahead. He simply could not wait for all of this to be over just yet.
"Lance."
"What kind of name is that?" she bit back, tearing her gaze away from him.
Before he could retort, a beautiful black woman approached them.
Her wide smile was directed at the woman by his side.
Suddenly agile, Roxanne unlocked their arms to embrace her.
"Emily!"
"The wedding is almost over. You came late," Emily mumbled against her best friend's shoulder. As she pulled away, Roxanne winked.
"I am just in time."
They burst out laughing.
Emily's eyes drifted to Lancelot's, he stared back at her with a blank expression on his face.
"Who's our man?" she asked, smiling at Lancelot.
Roxanne gripped his arm in reflex, the action caused Lancelot to groom a smile on his face.
"This is Lance. Lance, this is my best friend Emily."
Emily smiled and extended her hand for a handshake.
Lancelot forced himself to return the smile and pulled out his hand from his pocket.
Their palms locked. Lancelot wished for the sake of his sanity that he would feel the same spark he felt when his hands touched Roxanne's.
It would tell him that he had only been flustered by the way she approached him so casually. It would tell him that the jolt of current he felt flash through his entire body was as a result of being unknown. It would tell him that the concept of anonymity amazed him.
He waited. No fire.
Lancelot drew his hand back. His eyes fell on Roxanne's face on impulse, she appeared distant: he wanted to reach out to her. He wanted her to talk to him.
"Let's go in, before your mother comes out screaming," Emily directed her talk to Roxanne.
She nudged Lancelot and they walked into the cathedral together.
The wedding was over.
Roxanne felt herself let out a relieved sigh. She would not be tortured by either of them. All that remained now was to survive the wedding party.
Lancelot looked around the hall. Besides the guests dressed in beautiful dresses and colorful clothes, there was nothing to tell Lancelot that a wedding had just occurred.
That was until he locked eyes with a very familiar figure.
Standing in a white long and flowing dress, Lancelot could swear Roxanne had escaped from his arms, changed into a white dress, and was currently in the arms of a seemingly excited man clad in a black tuxedo.
When the woman's eyes locked with Lancelot's, he could tell it wasn't Roxanne.
Firstly, because her grip on his hand tightened as they watched the woman approach them. Secondly, her eyes were not as simple as Roxanne's; they held greed and malice.
"Hold me, please," she pleaded.
His eyes fell to hers. The urgency and desperation in them would not let him look away.
Her lips quivered, her body shook vehemently.
'Just how much did this hurt you?' he wanted to ask.
Instead, he spread his left arm around her waist. Now that he was here, he could as well maximize his help to the full potential.
That way, he could dismiss her with peace of mind, before Ziko continued to harbor more IDEAS.
Something passed between them, like lightning moving electric currents from one body to another. Their eyes remained on each other.
Lancelot felt his knees weaken. Blue eyes fell to her lips, they were partly open. His heart rose and fell, he wanted there and then to press his lips to hers and claim it fully. He wanted to reach out and cup the back of her neck while kissing her anxiety away.
Roxanne had never felt anything like it. The intensity in his stare, his eyes danced around her face as if searching for something. The part of her waist his arms rested on felt warm, his hold felt secure. Roxanne wanted to lean in, just feel protected and loved.
Love. It had been so long since she felt it.
"Roxy!" Rayla exclaimed, smiling wryly as she opened her arms for an embrace.
With a shrug, Roxanne fixed her eyes on her, standing still as Rayla wrapped her arms around her.
"I am so happy to see you! Jonah felt that you wouldn't be coming and it completely disheartened me. I had already told mother I wouldn't want to carry on without you, but she insisted. You have no idea how much your presence means to me." Another embrace followed after her speech. Roxanne forced a smile.
"You know, everyone thought that you'll be so jealous you won't be able to stand me wearing a dress that should have been yours. We know how much you loved Jonah and I'm so sorry you found out the way you did. But everyone knows that Jonah and I are meant to be together."
'Somebody, please stop her,' Roxanne pleaded within her.
On sensing her thoughts, Lancelot's grip around her waist tightened, he pulled her closer to himself.
Rayla's eyes fell to where his hands rested, before looking up at him.
Lancelot questioned his reasons for doing what he had done. Why did he feel the urge to protect her against her sister's malicious eyes and vicious tongue? Why did he find himself fighting back the urge to tear her sister into pieces? When he felt her grow numb against his hold, Lancelot's anger rose.
He had to do something, and he had to do it fast.
Another glance at Roxanne told him she was in no position to manage a retort, he felt the nursing desire to do it for her.
He wanted to protect her. The way he ought to protect his mate.
His mate. The words rang a bell in his head, it was more of a warning than a reminder.
He would think about that later. Right now, he had to do what he came here to do; stand by her.
"Roxanne is quite stronger than anyone thinks. I insisted she didn't come to this function. I for one would have made sure you didn't see this day. But Roxanne would have none of it, she wanted to see you happy. And so I brought her here, against my will."
His statement ended with a kiss on Roxanne's forehead.
Deep down, he was mad at himself. Why was he doing so much despite how hard he was trying to show so little?
Embarrassed, Rayla managed a nervous laugh and looked back at her sister.
"I'm glad you came nevertheless." Her eyes narrowed at Lancelot.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "So I'll see you at the wedding party?"
He pulled Roxanne closer, sending Rayla a glare that almost caused her to stumble.
"Yes. Of course."
Roxanne thought she would blush. But she was too weak to move.
"A dress that should have been yours," Rayla had said. Roxanne felt tears gather in her eyelids. She coughed, fighting the tears back. She would not cry, not here.
She had thought she was ready to face Rayla, but seeing her here, she realized she had not been prepared in the least.
If Lancelot hadn't been by her side, she would have stormed out of the hall in tears.
A smile crept on her face as she thought of his name.
Lancelot.
For someone who was just here to pay for the damages his driver did to her car, he was doing a hell of a good job.
Emily returned to where they stood after Rayla had walked away.
Concerned, she took one look at Roxanne.
"She's flustered. Take her to have a drink," Lancelot spoke up, his anger had not settled.
Ziko wasn't taking it easy either. With his new attraction, Ziko was suddenly overprotective of Roxanne.
It still unnerved him. Everything was happening too fast, way too fast.
He had never found his mate, but he had read a lot about how it was supposed to be. Still, he had resigned himself to the fate of never finding her.
Now that Ziko had acknowledged this lady, he was finding it hard not to do so as well.
If he continued to stand in the same space as the woman who caused Roxanne to brood, he might just tear skin to shreds and pick his teeth with her bones.
He had to go outside; he had to get air. Or Ziko would surely tear someone apart.
Emily nodded. With her hands stretched, she pulled Roxanne away from Lancelot's hold.
Just when he turned his back, he felt her hand around his wrist again.
He knew it was hers because his heartbeat quickened.
When he turned back to her, she was smiling.
"Thank you," she mouthed; he couldn't hear her with all the raging voices in his head.
He watched quietly as she moved away from him. He suddenly felt empty, like a great part of him had left. The farther she walked, the more it seemed his heart fell.
He shook his head vigorously. Maybe if he shook it hard enough, he could think straight again.
His eyes drifted to Rayla again, with a scowl on his face, he walked out of the hall.
The wedding party. He would definitely be seeing her there and put an end to the living circus in his mind.
###CHAPTER 7: THE WEDDING PARTY
The wedding party started in full swing three hours after the exchange of vows. And those three hours were the longest Roxanne had ever experienced.
She had clung to Emily every second, afraid that if she let go of her, Rayla would be back again to spite her even though she knew Rayla and Jonah had returned to wherever it was they planned to get ready for the wedding party. Roxanne could not afford to face Rayla again. Earlier on, Lancelot had rescued her. She could not count on him to do so again after the wedding... Or during the wedding party.
That was, of course, before he made it known to her and Emily that he would be attending. Roxanne could still see the shock on her own face. She remembered pulling him away from where she stood with Emily, to a corner. She needed to speak to him privately.
"What do you think you're doing? I needed you to escort me to the wedding, and that's over."
"Is it?" he had said. His perfectly carved brow arched as he looked around the venue. "...cause it seems to me all these people are still going to be present at the party."
Roxanne bit her lower lip harshly. It hurt that he was right.
"I can handle it then."
That was when his eyes fell from her face and took a quick sweep down her body, then up again. She had expected him to protest, to disagree. She would not have been surprised if he just nodded and walked away.
He didn't do any of these. Instead, he looked over her shoulder after adjusting the collar of his tuxedo.
"I'll see you at the party," was all he said. His tone didn't give her the chance to complain, his eyes ordered her to be silent.
It was funny, she thought. It was extremely funny how the strange man could throw orders at you without saying a word. With his eyes only, he told you what to do. In his eyes, you could see the consequences of disobeying him. Or, maybe the intensity of his stare warned you against disobeying him.
You didn't know what would happen and you knew you didn't want to know.
"Now that I think about it, I can't find my car outside," Emily said, interrupting Roxanne's line of thoughts.
Taking up a defensive mode, Roxanne shook violently as she turned to Emily.
"Hmmm?"
Emily looked over her, concern etched in her gaze.
"You okay baby? You still need water?"
Roxanne sighed, wiping the sweat on her forehead with the back of her palm. Emily's eyes widened at her.
"I'm okay, it's just... What?" she asked, noticing Emily's gaze.
"You've ruined your powder silly! Let's get out here... Wait a minute ..."
"Your car," Roxanne cut in. Emily nodded, folding her arms on her chest and eyeing Roxanne dramatically.
"He bashed it. That's how I was able to drag him here," Roxanne swallowed hard after her big confession. She flinched as she saw Emily's eyes darken.
"Who did what?! Scratch that! We have to get out of here."
That was how they called a taxi, drove back home in order to get ready for the party.
Roxanne didn't know what she had expected to see, but the reception hall surely beat her expectations.
The limousine Emily had hired to drop them off stopped in front of the banquet hall. Looking outside the tinted window, Roxanne now understood why Emily had insisted on hiring a limo instead of a normal cab car. "B***, when you pull up in front of that hall, you're gonna see why I'm doing all of this to save our a***," Emily had said. And she wasn't wrong.
There was only one way to describe the tall and white castle they stood in front of; Magnificent.
Roxanne sighed once the tip of her crystal heels touched the floor. Now, she was putting on a thigh high silver colored dress. The long sleeves and turtle neck prevented her from putting on any serious jewelry. The body of the dress stuck to her skin, showing off her petite curves. She held her brown hair in a tight ponytail at the back of her head, only allowing few curly strands to fall to the front of her face.
Emily made sure Roxanne looked as hot as she could possibly be tonight. Hot, beautiful and comfortable, Roxanne currently felt all three. She hoped silently, that she could retain the third feeling throughout the wedding party.
"Time to slay and get laid," Emily said, leaning into her best friend's neck as she whispered.
"Emily!"
"What? Girl you've been brooding over Jonah's c*** for a long a*** time..."
Roxanne flinched. "I haven't..."
Emily cut her short and locked their arms together.
"Time for us to get you a new c***."
"Please stop saying c*** aloud," Roxanne said, laughing and rolling her eyes.
"What should I call it?" Emily was smirking now.
"Shut up!" Roxanne almost yelled, laughing.
When they walked into the hall, Roxanne felt her breath seize.
Classical chandeliers hung on the roof, the white polished walls were adorned with white luxurious draperies and lovely portraits of Rayla and Jonah together.
People were seated in exquisite chairs arranged around equally exquisite tables. The tables contained mouthwatering small chops; cakes, pies of all sorts, chocolates, and doughnuts. She took note of the wine and champagne selections. After seeing small Campari bottles on every table, Roxanne knew Jonah had handled the drinks himself.
There was a live band playing in front of the large room. People sat and talked, waiters and waitresses walked around, photographers were scattered at every corner of the room taking pictures of people and as many moments as they could capture, while others danced and merried.
Roxanne caught sight of Isabelle and her wife first before she saw anything else. They were seated at a table on the front row; the head table. Beside them were her mother, father, Theresa. Between them, Rayla and Jonah sat. Jonah's left hand rested on Rayla's shoulder as she leaned into his neck to laugh.
Roxanne's fists clenched at her sides.
"You can take your time before we go Roxy," Emily said. She knew how badly her best friend was hurt by what was happening.
Roxanne scoffed. "And give them the pleasure of seeing me hide my pain? You know me better Em," she replied, looking up at Emily. She threw the dark woman a smile before turning to a passing waiter.
She picked up a glass of champagne from the tray and emptied the contents into her gullet with one gulp.
"I won't let them see me sad," she said, but her tone and eyes, both choked with the pressure of fighting tears back, said something else.
She took deep breaths as Emily gripped her hand firmly.
Slowly and steadily, she walked towards the table.
They approached the head table. The closer Roxanne got, the faster and harder her heart beat against her chest.
"Roxy!" Rayla was the first to see her, again.
Roxanne flinched at the fake enthusiasm in the tone. Her sister rose up to hug her.
"You look amazing! I'm so glad you could make it!" Rayla said, even as her eyes scanned her sister.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne muttered a faint "thank you." Her smile widened as her eyes met Isabelle's.
"I'm so glad you came hunny," Sarah said, beaming with smiles at her daughter. Roxanne said nothing to acknowledge her.
Emily greeted everyone at the table with smiles and giggles, she had always been a woman full of energy.
Roxanne did the same as well.
She threw Jonah a curt smile when her eyes finally met his.
"Congratulations," she said.
His eyes narrowed on her, before brightening.
"Thank you, I really appreciate."
The air was tense, no one said anything until Rayla spoke up again.
"Hey, Roxanne. I haven't seen your man anywhere around..."
There was a mocking beam in her eyes.
"...he couldn't make it?"
Roxanne's eyes widened.
Why did Rayla have to be hell-bent on humiliating her?
She looked around, as if searching for him while thinking of a lie.
"Uhmm, actually ..."
She was interrupted by the murmur and chatter that erupted around the room. Her eyes moved to the door as she saw photographers rush to the door as well. Some men and women rose up and rushed to the door with phones in their hands.
What the hell was going on?
When she saw him walk into the room - a man dressed in a black suit in front of him tried to ward the photographers and reporters away - Roxanne felt her heartbeat quicken.
He was here, again. Looking as handsome - no! Even more handsome than he had looked in the morning.
His dark blonde hair was gelled and styled to the back of his head. His sexy, intense and yet bored blue eyes scanned the room as he walked in. This time, his tall frame was clad in a white suit with a black long sleeved inner shirt. Roxanne felt herself chuckle; wasn't the reverse supposed to be the case?
When his eyes fell on her, Roxanne turned away from him quickly.
"Ouu, I didn't know your man was coming," Emily said, a knowing smirk on her face.
"He wasn't supposed to be here," Roxanne whispered.
"Good evening everyone. My apologies for arriving so late," his thick baritone called out, a few inches behind them, in his slick and pronounced British accent.
Roxanne felt her heart freeze as he leaned and pulled out a chair by her side. He settled down into the seat as he briefly greeted everyone at the table.
Roxanne watched all of them. Rayla feigned a smile at him before rolling her eyes. Roxanne's eyes drifted to Jonah, but his eyes were on something...no someone else; Lancelot.
She sighed and looked away from him to the man sitting beside her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "You're..." She swallowed hard, avoiding his eyes.
"...here"
His blue eyes danced all over her body.
"Just as I said," he replied.
"Everyone is supposed to think we're taking our relationship to the next level," he spoke, his voice mocking hers.
His breath fanned her left ear as he spoke. Roxanne cursed her hormones for the small puddle his thick baritone formed in between her legs. How did this man effortlessly throw her to the edge all the time?
She straightened her posture and held her head up. None of them were going to embarrass her! Not Rayla, not Jonah, not her family and not the Greek god of a stranger that stood next to her.
"Now that you're here, I was hoping you could play for our last dance," Rayla said, excited.
Roxanne's eyes narrowed even as she almost choked on the wine which was halfway down her throat.
What the hell?
"Play what?" Roxanne asked, hoping she had misheard what Rayla had said.
"The piano of course!"
Roxanne felt Lancelot's gaze fall on her. Whenever he looked at her, she felt her subconscious suddenly become very conscious. Even his gaze announced itself, wow.
"Come on Roxanne..." Rayla was making disgusting puppy eyes now.
"You were always so good at it. Remember? It was the only thing you did better than me. I would really love for you to bless my audience with your skill and awesomeness. Please," Rayla continued to plead. But, Roxanne didn't miss the faint mockery in her sister's eyes or voice.
She looked around the table, at everyone, her eyes and mind silently praying for someone to rescue her.
"Yes Roxy, it's your sister's wedding. It's bad luck to say no to the bride," her mother spoke up. Everyone around them laughed in agreement. Everyone except her, Lancelot, Emily and Isabelle.
She didn't know why, but she turned to Jonah. Hoping that he'll be sensible enough to refuse. She prayed that he would understand the situation Rayla had put her in. Even if it was just once, out of shame, guilt and remorse, he'd help her. His eyes brightened, Roxanne's heart fell.
"Please Roxanne, it'll be such a beautiful performance. You play the piano so beautifully," Jonah said, as he sat up and leaned into the table.
What? What was even going on?
They all had her now. All of them.
Roxanne sighed, fighting all the raging emotions boiling in the pit of her stomach.
"Fine," she said as she feigned a smile at Rayla.
"I'll play."
Oh! She'll play alright. They wanted to dance didn't they? Well, they'll dance, all of them.
###CHAPTER 8: F*** IT!
The rest of the party went by in a blur. Roxanne sat there as they talked and laughed over her head. She continued to boil with rage.
How could they do this to her? She knew Rayla would spare no expense to see her down, but she had not expected her family to side with her. She had not expected him, Jonah, to humiliate her in such a manner. While everyone ate and drank, danced, and sang, she managed short smiles here and there and a few glasses of Chapman, with the few slices of cake Lancelot silently forced into her mouth.
She appreciated his show of romance. At least, with the way Jonah's eyes darkened on them, she could tell he was jealous.
She couldn't wait for the night to be over.
"And now, for the grand event of the night! Ladies and gentlemen, sit back, relax, aww and ouuu..."
The audience erupted into laughter, interrupting Jonah's best man. A man Roxanne knew as his roommate during Jonah's college days.
"...at the beautiful bride and her loving groom as they give us their couples dance!"
A hearty applause filled the room, almost deafening Roxanne's ears.
"Oh my God! It's time!" Rayla said, clapping with excitement. Her red gown and red lipstick caused her to appear dangerous, just as dangerous as she really was. Her eyes fell on Roxanne. "Hurry Roxy! Mount the stage first!" she said again.
Roxanne fought the urge to empty her glass of champagne on her sister's perfectly dyed blonde hair. Instead, she sipped from the glass and threw everyone a smile as she rose up.
She didn't look at anyone or anything, she stared straight ahead. At the Grand piano in front of her and then stood beside it. Tonight, she was going to play.
"Poor girl, she should have been the one with him."
"Is it true that her sister got married to her fiancé?"
She wanted to deafen her ears to the chatters, but she couldn't.
With her head held high in false confidence, she mounted the piano. When she turned to the crowd, Rayla and Jonah rose from the head table, hand in hand as they walked to the front of the crowd, just in front of her as well. Roxanne closed her eyes. When she touched the first key, she knew there was no coming back.
With every key she touched, every tone that followed, every melody that was formed, she threw her feelings into it.
Her eyes were closed, she didn't see the keys, she didn't see them. She didn't want to.
When she started, the melody was soft, smooth, and sweet; justs she had been before meeting Jonah. A starry-eyed ten-year-old. She smiled at she thought of all their happy and good memories. The melody was beautiful, so beautiful she thought she would cry.
Unti, her eyelids parted and she saw him. In his suit, dancing with her sister in his arms.
Roxanne frowned. Her heart broke again, just as it had done one month ago when Rayla dropped the news at her doorstep.
F***. Them.
In pain, and with tears flowing down her eyes, she shut her eyelids. The melody grew strange, intense, and bitter. She let her anger flow, she didn't give a damn about how it sounded.
Free-spirited, they had always called her. Right now, she didn't care. She would play to her heart's content. With every growing tempo, she threw her head back and forth dramatically, not minding how she looked to the rest of the crowd. Right now, she was as free as the wind. It was why she loved playing the piano even as a child, it was the one way she could express herself and her feelings without saying any words. Finally, when she felt all the tears of bitterness dry up on her cheeks. She stopped, smiled, and took deep breaths.
Now, she would play-play the soft melodies in her heart. Melodies of sadness, but not of bitterness. Melodies of hurt-hurt she knew would come to an end soon. She just prayed, even as she touched each key, that it ended soon enough. Lancelot dropped his gaze from her sister's face to hers immediately he heard she could play the piano, and beautifully too. Still, he had his doubts.
What could these vain Americans possibly know about classical music? He hadn't known what to expect from her, still, never in a million years had he expected her to take him by surprise.
Lancelot Dankworth was never taken by surprise.
In the first ten seconds, he recognized the tone by how beautifully she had played it.
He could tell that melody anytime, any day; Für Elise, the Beethoven classic of love and heartbreak.
He fought back the urge to smile. She was playing such a tune at a wedding party, how convenient.
He watched her carefully, it was all he could do. With every passing second, he felt a powerful force draw him to her. There was something about the way she played; so much power, so much freedom, so much spirit. As a royal child, he had spent more than half of his life learning the piano, but not for once had he found it as interesting as he currently did.
She played not caring where the waves took her. She didn't control the waves, no. She rode with waves, taking everybody in the crowd along with her. Her sister and her husband had stopped dancing. How could they not?
It was audible to even the deaf, the bitterness and anger in the melody of the song. He smiled inwardly, Roxanne knew just what she was doing.
He caught sight of a woman in tears, seated on the table across theirs. By his side, Emily fought back her tears as well.
Roxanne was slowly leading everyone to an abyss, one she had created herself and for herself. His admiration for her grew. When she threw her head back and forth with so much power, Lancelot felt something stir inside of him. She looked and felt like a dream. A figure of a strong, bitter, and still free-spirited woman she was only imagining.
Henry Purcell's 'Dido's Lament' came next, barely seconds after the Beethoven classic. Now, Lancelot knew he was sinking into her abyss as well.
His heart fell as his fingers clutched the glass in his left hand.
This song was Bran's favorite.
Bran.
His heart skipped. He would not think of his late older brother, certainly not now.
He watched with keen eyes as she stopped. The song had finally come to an end.
She bowed in courtesy and exited the stage with a soft smile on her face like she did not just ruin her sister's wedding dance.
When her eyes fell on his, Lancelot felt himself relax. He didn't know why, and he didn't like it.
Alas! It was over, all of it.
She cat walked back to the head table as the smile she forced at her sister and Jonah disappeared from her face.
She needed two things; lots of drinks, and a taxi to get the hell out of here.
She walked steadily, her head held high, chin and shoulders up. She would never look down again, ever.
She arrived at the head table, picked a bottle of champagne, and excused herself. She was going to find a corner and drink herself to stupor.
She walked towards the exit of the room and found a stool there. With a weak smile, she fell on it, still clutching the champagne bottle in her hands.
Luckily, it had already been open but was more full than empty.
She pressed the lid to her lips and took her first gulp.
F*** all of them, she thought. She would make lemonades out of the bitter lemons they served her today, she would make sure of it.
Halfway into the bottle and ten curse words later, she caught sight of a familiar male figure heading toward her. Her vision had grown hazy. She fought to steady her gaze and put a face to the figure, but failed.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You might want to put that bottle down," she heard him speak, when he stopped in front of her.
A scowl fell on her face, she knew that voice better than she had hoped to.
"Oh. It's you, mister stuck up nose..." she stopped, a hiccup seized her throat, "...I didn't see you come."
"Exactly why you're going to drop that bottle," he ordered again. Roxanne rolled her eyes, the gesture almost caused her to fall from the seat.
She heard Lancelot curse before rushing to her and steadying her on the chair. He took the bottle from her hand and placed it on the floor.
Why? Why did he decide to take away the one thing that was bringing her joy? Why did he derive pleasure in seeing her as gloomy as him? With the way he always frowned and held his nose up, Roxanne could swear he didn't laugh as a child. Tears welled up in her eyes now. Why didn't anyone want to see her happy?
"Why did you do that?!" she screamed, but he didn't answer her. Instead, he placed his palm over her mouth to silence her. Annoyed, she punched his chest hard; she saw his eyes darken.
It worked, he moved away from her.
But she wanted to get out of here, she needed to get out of here. Everything around her made her sick, very sick.
"Please..." she muttered, drawing his attention to herself again.
"Get me out of here."
"I'll call Emily to get you..."
"No! I'm not going home!" she yelled. She needed to be far away from anything that reminded her of them; her family, Jonah.
"Please, just take me away."
Roxanne saw his blue eyes darken on her again.
His right hand was around her waist and her hand across his shoulder before she knew what was going on. Her vision was still hazy even as he led her into a black car, but she could sniff in his cold and romantic Arabian scent.
He drove her crazy when she was sober. But drunk Roxanne found it hard to control the effect his hold on her had on her hormones, her mind and her body.
"Where are we going to?" she asked, half laughing and half cautious.
He turned away from his window and looked at her.
"My hotel."
Something about the way he said the word caused her stomach to turn; and in a good way.
She heard someone get in the driver's seat and start the engine.
"The hotel sir?" the man at the front asked.
He tore his gaze away from her to her annoyance and looked ahead.
"Yes."
F***. Roxanne g***. Why did everything he say suddenly sound incredibly sexy?
"How far is your hotel from here?" She hadn't intended to, but now, her voice sounded incredibly husky.
She saw his ice-blue eyes drop to her thighs. Her short gown had risen to her butt level as she sat down. He stared at them.
Roxanne cursed mentally. He was only looking at her, yet it was more than enough to drive her crazy. She sighed when his gaze lifted to her lip, before he turned towards the window again.
The car stopped. She didn't see the hotel building, she didn't see the lobby as they walked in, his hand wrapped around her waist again, and she didn't see the room number as he swiped his key card and stepped in, closing the door behind him.
She staggered, to stop herself from falling.
He turned to her and looked over her once again. He was trying the hide it, but the hunger and desire in his eyes exposed his aching need for her. Sighing, he took off his coat and walked past her.
"You can have the bed, I'll make myself comfortable on the couch when I've freshened up," she heard him say again.
Now in the black shirt, he stood tall and handsome. His hair was still sleek, but there was something awfully and roughly sexy about him. Sleep on the couch, he had said. After causing her to drip between her legs?
Hell to the f*** no. She wanted him, she needed him.
He was going to help her take her mind off everything.
"Get your mind off Jonah's c***," Emily had said.
Her eyes narrowed on Lancelot's built frame. He had now freed his shirt of the three first buttons, exposing his bare chest to her hungry eyes. Mr. Stuck up nose was just going to have to help her get her mind off it all.
"F*** me."
The words slipped out of her tongue, past her lips before she could do anything about it.
Lancelot's eyes widened. He saw a golden ring form around Ziko's eyes; that was not a good sign.
"What did you say?" he asked.
She took one step towards him, slowly closing the gap between them.
He wished she'd stop, still he wished she wouldn't.
She didn't say anything; she just continued to walk towards him.
Did she really know what she was getting herself into?
Lancelot tried to control himself. He wasn't going to lose himself to her. He would have a shower, and the bulging in his pants would reduce.
Roxanne planted herself in front of Lancelot, she could feel his eyes burn through her skin.
She wanted him now, and despite the indifferent look he tried to put up, the growth in his pants said otherwise; he wanted her too.
"I said..." She placed a hand on his cheek.
Lancelot's eyes fell to her lips and lingered there, so he saw them form the next words that came out of her mouth.
"F*** me."
Ziko growled within him.
He saw her bite her lower lip faintly right before he lost every ounce of self-control.
###CHAPTER 9: FIRE. MADNESS. RAGE. HUNGER. DESIRE.
'F*** it,' he hissed.
With one grip, he pulled her to himself and crashed his lips on hers.
If he had thought he felt fire burn through him the first time her hands brushed against his, then this right now was hell itself.
His lips were tangled with hers. He kissed, sucked on her lower lip, bit it occasionally. Every time Roxanne m*** against his lips, Lancelot felt a new wave of madness sprout up from his belly. He had kissed women, a whole lot of them. But none had ever consumed him like she did, no woman's lips had ever left him aching for more, praying for more.
Their hands were on each other. Roxanne's polished fingers dug into his blonde hair, making a mess of the gelled strands.
He lowered himself; his kisses traveled from her lips down to her left ear. He lingered there, kissed, licked, and sucked the lobe of her ear softly.
Roxanne m***, with every stroke his fingers drew across her spine, every kiss he planted on her neck, she felt her panties dampen. She ached for his lips on hers, but not the ones on her face.
Lancelot's hands cupped the curve of her butt as he dug his teeth into the nape of her neck.
"Lance," she whispered against his left ear. On hearing his name escape her lips, Lancelot's eyes darkened. A new wave of hunger rushed through him.
He was mad-mad with desire, mad with hunger, mad with need. And she was the cause of it.
Never-never had Lancelot Dankworth wanted a woman as bad as he wanted her.
Exasperated, Roxanne held on to the hem of his black shirt. Lancelot leaned away from her, looking down at the place her hands clung to his shirt.
When he looked up at her face, her eyes were fixed on the part of his chest the opened buttons exposed. Her eyes were dark with need. She stared at the beauty of his body, his dark chest hairs slipped down his chest, Roxanne wanted to run her hands through them, she wanted to touch, feel and taste every inch of him.
She placed her fingers on the fourth button, she took it off. Lancelot's dark eyes continued to watch her as she worked her way through all the remaining buttons.
He stood still, he would let her have a way with him. He was helpless against her s*** hold. He wanted her as badly-no-he wanted her more than she wanted him, but he would let her take her time.
Her hands danced up to his shoulders as her violet eyes met his sea-blue ones. She bit her lower lip softly; a gesture that caused Lancelot to grow hard in his pants.
She took off his shirt, pulling the sleeves down his arms. He continued to watch her take control. He was enjoying it, every bit of it.
She tossed the shirt away from his body, ignoring the very expensive piece of fabric as it touched the marble floor.
Roxanne crashed her lips on his again, leaning into him. His n*** chest brushed her aching b***. Mad with hunger, she took his left hand and pressed it on her b***. Lancelot's eyes widened against her face. She was taking from him and more than eager to give to him. He would give all he had, and take all she was willing to offer.
Roxanne broke their kiss and looked up at him. With a smirk on her face, she pushed him by his chest, right until his back crashed with the hard brick wall polished red.
How was one woman so submissive and still so dominant at the same time? He didn't know. Frankly, he didn't care. With every passing second, he was eager to see what she was willing to give to him, and what she was hungry to take.
Roxanne lowered her gaze from his face and dropped to his well chiseled chest. Her eyes danced around his eight well defined abs. Sweat caused his hair to slip down and cling to his skin.
He was a walking Greek god. A living, breathing and walking sculpture of Artemis.
How could one man be so incredibly beautiful?
She didn't know, but she was going to have the best of his body tonight. She would touch every inch of him like it was the last time; it would actually be the last time.
The thought of it caused Roxanne's eyes to soften. She leaned down and flicked a tongue over his left n***.
Fire. Madness. Rage. Hunger. Desire.
He felt all five at once when she softly bit his left n*** and flicked her thumb over the right.
She was pushing all his buttons, taking charge of all his weak spots. Before now, Lancelot had not realized how sensitive his n*** were. No woman had ever paid so much attention to him before. He was enjoying it, she knew from the way he g*** above her. Good, very good. She lowered herself and planted kisses down his chest, stopping above his waistline. Just once, she risked a glance at him and his eyes gave her the go ahead she needed.
Her gaze returned to his waistline as she knelt before him. While planting kisses below his belly button, she freed his trousers of the belt that held them to his waist, before freeing him of his trousers' zippers.
Aching with desire, she pulled his trouser down to his knees exposing his hard c*** straining against his black briefs. Roxanne was briefly overwhelmed and impressed by his length.
When his trouser fell to his ankles, he stepped out of them and kicked it away from them. He would bother about where they ended up later. Right now, there were more important things in his mind.
His thighs were thick and adorned with the dark hairs Roxanne had come to love. She gently pulled his briefs down to his knees; she made sure to leave kisses down the road the briefs traveled to his ankles. When he stepped out of the boxer briefs, Roxanne drank in the sight of his full length, calling out to her, beckoning to her.
Her gaze flicked up again.
She took deep a deep breath in before running her hands down his length. As she stroked his c*** firmly, Lancelot taught he saw the stars. This was heaven, it just had to be.
It could have been Ziko letting out the animalistic g*** that escaped his lips when he felt her tongue on the tip. He couldn't control himself anymore, as she pumped his d*** in and out of her mouth, Lancelot held the part of her hair that fell down her shoulders. He guided her in and out of him, she sucked, kissed, and teased.
F***.
She skillfully f*** his mouth. She was warm yet cold, slow yet fast. He couldn't make sense of anything at all.
When he felt himself about to come in her mouth, he stepped away from her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Not yet, he wouldn't let himself go just yet.
Before Roxanne could say anything, Lancelot lowered himself to pick her up from the floor.
She giggled in his arms as he led her to the king-sized bed. He placed her on it and flipped her over immediately.
He wanted to tear the dress off her, but there was no time for that. He took down the zipper and got rid of the dress immediately.
His eyes scanned through her body. Her b*** and aching n*** beckoned on him for his touch, they were bare and fair, just like the rest of her body.
Below her waistline was a red lace pant. His eyes flickered up to her face.
Roxanne saw the look in his eyes, he was asking her for a go ahead.
Antsy, she nodded. And that was all he needed to dig his teeth into her neck.
"F***!" she screamed aloud when his fingers came in contact with her aching p***.
It was wet, slippery, and warm. And it was all for him.
He wanted to take it slow with her, but was finding it difficult to. He needed her, he needed her now.
"Please. Don't think twice," Roxanne spoke, almost out of breath.
As he pumped his fingers in and out of her p***, Roxanne clung to the sheets. Her lower lip buried under her sharp incisors, she was trying not to scream to loud.
Lancelot pulled her panties down her legs, leaving kisses on the trail.
When he spread her legs apart, joy filled his eyes. And Ziko's as well.
He lowered his face to hers, crossed his hand to the lamp and put it off. The room fell into total darkness.
He didn't want her to see his face when he lost control inside her.
With that, he slid his length into her. Roxanne let out a wild scream.
It hurt at first, but after the hurt came pleasure beyond anything she had ever experienced.
His strokes were rhythmical. Inside her was warm, wet, sleek.
Within him, he saw the golden ring around Ziko's eyes widen. Damn! Even his wolf was impressed. Not only impressed, but he was drooling as well.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Mate!" Ziko growled, growing impatient with Lancelot.
"Not now Ziko, not now," he said within him.
"Mark mate!"
No.
"Mark mate!" Ziko cried out again.
Roxanne threw her head up and cursed out, right after screaming his name.
That was the last straw for Lancelot.
He didn't know when he lost control and dug his teeth into her neck again, this time, Ziko wasted no time in marking his territory.
His eyes widened at the effect of what he had done. His teeth marks sparkled on her neck. Ziko smiled within him.
He had marked her, she was his now.
F***.
He wanted to think, but he couldn't stop himself.
He continued to go in and out of her. Slowly, until they grew eager for more and he increased his pace.
He was mad for her, and her for him as well.
Roxanne crossed her legs above his hips, allowing him deeper access.
Lancelot m***, he loved that she was willing to accept him. He had never been with any woman like this before.
He felt a current, much more than electricity surge through his veins. Quickly, he pulled out of her, spilling his seed on the sheets.
Roxanne giggled, in between her panting. She laughed as he fell to her side with deep and heavy breaths.
In silence, they listened to the sound of each other's breathing as they slowly drifted off to sleep...
###CHAPTER 10: NOT A ONE NIGHT STAND PERSON
The last thing he remembered was closing his eyes amidst the darkness, the calm waves of sleep washing over him as he took deep breaths in and out.
When he opened his eyes, there was nothing around him, besides darkness and a vast body of water.
Lancelot froze with cold and fear. The darkness terrified him, the body of water he found himself sinking in frightened him to death.
He began to struggle, flapping his hands and legs to make it to the surface of the water.
Suddenly, he felt someone touch his feet. Lancelot looked behind him.
He saw his face, Bran.
Bran had a reassuring smile on his face. A smile that seemed to say, "everything would be okay."
For a moment, there was hope.
His brother would save him now.
Nothing of that sort happened. Lancelot continued to feel himself sink deeper and deeper into the water. He looked beneath him again, Bran was nowhere to be found. Why? Where did he go?
Fear fell upon him with brute force again. Lancelot had to reach the surface, there was no way he was dying here.
The cold, the density of the water, and the darkness beneath the ice enveloped him all at once.
Lancelot didn't stop fighting. He flapped both his hands and legs with all his strength, continuously reminding himself that he couldn't die here.
A faint beam of light glittered over his head; faint chuckles echoed in his ears. Lancelot fought his way above the ice and stuck his head out of the water.
He sprang up from the bed immediately. He couldn't help but blink violently. The room was dark, just like the lake in his dream had been.
He looked over to the digital clock beeping softly by his bed side.
11:30.
Lancelot sighed, he hadn't even been asleep for up to an hour when he had the nightmare.
Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead, despite the cold from the air conditioners mounted on the four walls of the large cubic room.
Lancelot fought to steady his breathing. He still felt choked and out of breath; almost like he had been drowning for real.
The realization of the darkness of the room suddenly dawned on him. Lancelot hated to be alone in the dark. In fact, events of the past caused him to become awfully terrified of it.
How had he forgotten to turn on the lights before sleeping? How had he even slept with the lights off in the first place? Lancelot knew he had reoccurring nightmares when he stayed alone or fell asleep in the dark. His eyes danced around the dark room as he sighed. It didn't matter, what mattered now was getting to the switch and turning the lights on.
He hated to be in the dark. It brought back memories, very bad ones.
Just then, Lancelot felt something...no, someone, move in his bed. Frightened and alert, he moved away and turned to his right.
That was when he saw her.
Loose strands of brown hair scattered all over her face, her eyes shut in peaceful rest. She was still snoring faintly, murmuring things in her sleep.
How had he not seen her before? Lancelot began to recall events of the night. He shook his head, no wonder he had fallen asleep without adherence to the darkness. He had been exhausted, blissfully exhausted.
As he made an attempt to get up to put on the lights, her left hand rose up and fell on his waist in her sleep. He turned to her again, watching as she drew herself closer to him until her face finally brushed his hip.
The wave of ease that swept over him was unexpected. As she clung to his waist and pressed her face against his body, still muttering words Lancelot could barely hear, he felt his heartbeat steady. He felt calm, he was suddenly at ease. The darkness didn't mean anything anymore. As she snored faintly, Lancelot felt himself relax on hearing the sound.
He closed his eyes and took deep breaths in and out. His breathing steadied, his heart seized to race violently.
This wasn't a good sign, and he knew. He was never one to be neutralized by a woman, so why did this woman neutralize his fear by just a touch?
Still, he ignored it and slipped back into the bed.
He would allow himself feel everything she made him feel, just for tonight.
He carefully placed her arm around his chest again, careful so he doesn't wake her.
As he placed his head carefully on his pillow, he continued to wonder.
What was it about her that caused him to feel calm? Safe? Protected? What was it about her that suddenly made all his worries go away?
He felt sleep befall him again. Lancelot yawned weakly.
He would think about it all in the morning.
Right now, he had to...
And that was it, he drifted into sleep before he could complete his line of thoughts.
******
Her eyelids parted, much to her dismay. As her gaze greeted the chandelier that hung on the roof above her bed, Roxanne blinked twice. She had to make sure she was seeing right.
When and how did Emily get a chandelier installed in her room without telling her? She was going to question Emily about it, right after she was not lazy enough to stand up from her bed.
Still in her line of thoughts, another strange thing happened.
Roxanne heard the sound of a male snoring. A faint, yet grumpy snore, almost like he was angry in his sleep. Roxanne felt pity for him, of course he would be angry! He had not only spent the night with a bitter woman, but in her cramped room as well.
Wait. Wait a minute.
Roxanne's eyes caught sight of the magnificent dressing drawer by the side of the hexagonal window as she turned her face.
Her heartbeat stopped for few seconds.
She didn't have a chandelier.
She didn't have a window as huge as that across her bed.
And that dressing drawer was certainly not hers.
Her gaze traveled to the red polished walls.
Her heart rose and fell.
No, her wall wasn't painted red either.
One more thing. Emily definitely couldn't have made all these changes in one night. So where the hell was she?
Frightened, she turned her face to take a close look at the man by her side.
Her eyes scanned his appearance.
Dark Blonde hair, lush pink lips, a pointed nose and perfectly arched brows. Her eyes drifted to his fingers, catching sight of a silver ring in his left hand's pinky finger. Her eyes widened in realization.
It had only been for a brief second, but she had seen that ring on Mr. Stuck up nose's finger the night before. She looked over him again. Oh, hell no!
She sprung up immediately. Her head threatened to split into two as she did so.
She wanted to lay back in bed and tend to her migraine after she woke up the second time, but she had to get the hell out of here!
How had she even allowed this to happen in the first place?!
"Get your mind off Jonah's c***," Emily had said. But still, she didn't mean it literally.
Embarrassed, she raised the duvet up and looked underneath it.
She was 'p*** n***'.
Flustered, she crawled out of the bed immediately. This was too much, way too much.
She had barely gotten over her anger, heartbreak, and bitterness at Jonah. Yet, here she was in another man's bed ON THE FIRST NIGHT OF MEETING HIM.
Roxanne had never been that type of woman. After Jonah, she had never harbored the thought of being with anyone else, yet, here she was.
As she tiptoed across the room, she managed to put on her panties and her dress, while being grateful he hadn't gone all "alpha male" on her and torn the dress into shreds. When she roughly dressed up and sighted his key card laying on the floor beside his shorts, she sighed, it was a sigh of relief.
She was going to get the hell out of here, and now.
###CHAPTER 11: WHY THE RAGE?
He was now awake. Still, he continued to toss and turn from one end of the bed to another, fighting to get his sleep back.
From the beam of the sun rays that escaped through the window and hit his face, Lancelot could tell that it was already day break. Yet, it felt to him as though he had just only slept.
His mind drifted off to the events of the previous night.
He thought of it all; getting ready for the strange woman's sister's wedding party. He saw himself sit next to her, he saw himself get swept off his mind and his feet by her skilled and free-spirited craftsmanship with the piano, and he saw himself rush to her, seize a bottle in her hands and put her in his car.
When he recalled himself being tangled in the sheets with her and Ziko marking her, his eyelids flew open immediately.
What had he done?!
His gaze greeted the chandelier hanging on the roof above him. If he hadn't been so tense, he would have taken time to appreciate its beauty, but it wasn't time to do so now.
Antsy, he turned his face to the other side of the bed, now hoping to see her small n*** body sprawled in it, under or on top the duvet-he really didn't care. He just needed to see her.
His gaze greeted an empty bed side, the only proof that she had ever been there was her lingering scent of lavender his wolf, Ziko, picked from the bed sheet, duve,t and the pillow case.
Had she relocated from the bed to the couch in the middle of the night? Lancelot wondered.
He could remember waking up at some point during the night. Yes. After his nightmare. He had stood up to switch on the lights and her hold on him had calmed him. It was how he had been able to get back to sleep.
He took deep breaths in and out, even with his right cheek still pressed on his pillow. Now that he was awake, he would take a good look at her and sniff out what it was about her that made him so...
His nostrils twitched in disgust at the thought... Weak.
He raised himself from the bed and sat up, his back against the luxurious headboard of the bed frame. His eyes fell on the empty couch. She was not there either.
Quickly, his eyes traveled around the room: the walls, the furniture, and the floor.
Besides her lingering scent that seemed to be stuck everywhere, there was not a single evidence that she had ever walked into this room.
No female clothes on the floor, no shoes, her underwear and whatever she might have worn to his room the previous night, were all gone.
First came the doubt. Lancelot placed his feet on the floor and rose up from the bed, struggling to regain his stance at first. He held on to the headboard until his feet stopped wobbling. When it did, he let go of it and made his way to the bathroom door.
Perhaps, she was in there. She might have been getting ready to leave, or doing whatever it is women spent hours in the bathroom doing after they rose in the morning.
As he approached the door, he realized that there was no sound coming out. Not a sound of running water, or an open shower or even someone using the toilet. Nothing! It was quiet.
But then, she had to be in there. She was nowhere in the room, so she just had to be in there.
His hand turned the knob of the bathroom door even as he flung it open.
His gaze fell on an empty toilet seat.
Disbelief shot through his veins like adrenaline, before anger began to boil and rise in the pit of his stomach.
He stared into the bathtub. There was no one there as well.
The doubt oozed out of his body, allowing his anger to take full control.
He stepped away from the bathroom and b*** the door behind him. There was nothing to doubt, he had been swindled.
'Of what?' Lancelot heard his subconscious ask.
Instantly, he moved to his cupboard and rummaged through his belongings. Each and everything was intact. His documents, his clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfume collection and identity cards were all in place. Except his key card that now lay at the foot of his room door.
He still couldn't believe his eyes. For the first time in his life, a woman had dumped him. Lancelot wanted to convince himself that it was his ego. Frankly, he hoped it was. He tried to convince himself that he was so mad because no woman had ever crept out of his bed before. If anything, he had always been the one to show them the way out.
Every woman he had ever been with wanted the chance to have breakfast with him, wanted the chance to see him again, have lunch or even dinner. Every woman who had ever gotten into bed with him groveled at his feet for a chance to even end up n*** with him again.
So, who the hell did she think she was sneaking out on him like that?!
The one time he felt he had met a woman worthy enough of having breakfast with him after sex, she decided to run away like a bloody coward!
Frustrated, he ran his lean and muscular fingers down his thick blonde strands of hair.
He caught sight of the telephone that sat on a small antique stool close to the door. If she had left, it wouldn't have been so long ago. Maybe, just maybe he could get appropriate information, one that was enough to chase after her from the front desk.
He would have to put a call across to them first.
He walked to the stool and picked up the receiver. By the side of the telephone, there was a fancy card that had the number of the front desk engraved in it.
His jaw tightened in annoyance. He had better find a way to locate her, and when he did, she would pay for humiliating him in such a manner.
"Is it really your ego hurting you?" he heard Ziko ask from within him.
What type of stupid question was that? Of course it was his ego!
She was just a pathetic American woman he found pity on and decided to help. How could she have been so ungrateful that she didn't think to stay back and say a simple thank you?!
"I am hurt. I did not even get a chance to know my mate better. I wanted to get to know her, to be with her," Ziko growled, letting out sad groans from within Lancelot.
Lancelot ignored him, and punched the numbers on the card in the telephone.
As he pressed the receiver to his ears, he could hear his heartbeat thunder against his chest.
"Hotel De' Royale, how may I be of help?" a feminine voice with a faint French accent answered from the other end of the phone.
"Room 207 calling. Lancelot Dankworth..."
"Hold on a bit please," the woman called out again. He heard her punch some keys as he stayed silent, the veins and creases on his forehead and arms showed just how annoyed he was.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Yes sir. How may I be of help?" she finally answered.
"I would like to enquire just how long ago my..." He paused, what would he call her?
"...girlfriend left my room this morning."
"Oh." Whoever she was, she didn't seem to be able to mask her sudden annoyance. "Description please."
"Short and petite, brunette. She must have been putting on a white dress and uh..."
"A lot of women who match that description have stepped out of this hotel since 6 a.m. this morning. I'll leave a suggestion, you can call her sir."
Lancelot's eyes darkened as he dropped the receiver in anger.
Of course he could call her! Only if he had a bloody cell number!
Which, of course, he didn't.
Lancelot continued to pace about the room, there had to be something; some way he could use to get her.
Suddenly, it was as if a light bulb lit up in his head. He walked to his bedside drawer, picked up his phone and dialed his assistant, Peter's number.
"My room, this minute," was all he said, before ending the call.
Peter understood his assignment, he was knocking at the door less than five minutes later. When Lancelot opened the door for him, he stepped in, dressed up for his daily duties and with an uncertain look on his face. Who had gotten on the wrong side of his boss so early in the morning?
"Sir..."
"The car you ran into yesterday. I need you to call the mechanic. We need to know sure that car isn't picked up until we arrive," Lancelot spoke, his eyes burning with rage as he looked down at Peter.
The shorter man stood there, confused.
"Just do as I say!" Lancelot yelled.
Peter flinched before drawing out his phone from his pocket.
As he dialed the number, Lancelot sat at the edge of the bed; his eyes on Peter as he spoke.
When Peter ended the call with a disappointed look on his face, Lancelot's eyes narrowed at him.
"The car was just picked up this morning," Peter spoke, gravely.
"Can you believe this woman?!" Lancelot yelled, as he sprang up from the bed in anger.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"She just throws herself into my bed and sneaks right out the next morning! Can you imagine that? Just who does she think she is?!"
Peter stayed silent. Just why was his boss so pissed about a common woman when he could have so many?
"We have to find her Peter. Comb each and every acre of this goddamn city, find her and bring her to me." Lancelot fell on the bed again. He wondered what it was about her that was driving him nuts. He couldn't place a finger on the reason he was so angry, yet he couldn't help it.
"And when I find her?"
Peter's question caused Lancelot's gaze to rise to him.
"What did you say?"
"What happens when I find her sir?"
Lancelot's jaw tightened.
"I'll make her pay."
Peter shouldn't have asked the next question, but he couldn't help his curiosity and concern.
"For?"
At his question, Lancelot's eyes softened and he looked away from Peter.
He did not have an answer to that question, they both knew.
Sighing, Peter shook his head and continued to speak.
"On the other hand sir, we have more pressing issues to attend to."
"Which are?" The anger in Lancelot's eyes made way for a bored expression.
Peter took deep breaths in and out.
"For starters, your mother has a message for you. She said and I quote, 'Lancelot Dankworth, son of Edward Dankworth the third, I expect to you to have your head back here in London in the next three days! I know that you're done with your business there. Just what do you think you're doing staying away from home for so long despite all that's going on here?! And you're ignoring all my calls and messages. Now I swear by my father's grave that if you're not in London on Tuesday, I'll come to that country myself and hell hath no fury like a mother disobeyed!'" Peter's impression of Madeline caused Lancelot to chuckle.
"Tuesday, she said," Lancelot spoke, rising from the bed.
"Your coronation as Alpha prince is in 27 days sir. You're soon-to-be Luna is at the palace already. Everyone is waiting for you back home. Alpha Edward called yesterday, said they've been thinking of taking the Luna Queen to a doctor for her hysterics, she's been going on and on about how you need to pick their calls or return home."
"I don't wish to speak to either of them." It was now that he stood in front of the large mirror, Lancelot realized he had been half-n*** all morning.
"But..." he continued, running his hands through his hair again.
"Book a flight and get our tickets to London, we leave on Tuesday."
Peter was right, there were more pressing matters that needed his attention.
Two days. He had just two days to find her.
###CHAPTER 12: COULD I? WOULD I? SHOULD I?
"Oh, you have got to be f*** kidding me," Emily said aloud, drawing the duvet away from Roxanne's body.
Roxanne's eyes narrowed at her best friend and flatmate. She placed the half-eaten burger down on the saucer that sat at her feet and turned to Emily again.
"What is it this time?" Roxanne g***, sad that she had been interrupted from eating the one thing that cured her minor depression; hamburger and so much cheese.
"Don't tell me you intend to spend the rest of the day eating burger and watching..." Emily's eyes drifted to the laptop screen in front of Roxanne. She scoffed and tore her eyes away from it. "... what's that? Real Housewives of Atlanta?"
"It reminds me that people have more tragedy going on in their lives than I do," Roxanne murmured sadly, pouting as she did so.
Emily's eyes softened at her friend's expression. The annoyance in her stare dissolved into concern and unconditional love as she climbed into the bed beside Roxanne.
Emily looked over at her best friend. Her brown hair was tied up today her head in a messy bun, she was in oversized red pyjamas and had cheese and mayonnaise smeared all over her lips and at the tip of her nose. Simply put, her best friend reeked of pity.
Emily stretched her hand to Roxanne's and smiled sadly.
"What's going on baby?"
Roxanne sighed and turned to the laptop.
"I got rejected, again," Roxanne said. Referring to the secretary job she had tried to get at a microfinance bank.
"... They said something about my level of education not meeting the requirements. You know, I actually thought that after the wedding, I would get closure and be able to finally find the strength I need to get back on track. But all I've gotten since then are rejection emails and memories of him ..." Realizing just what she had said last, Roxanne bit her lower lip; her eyes locked with Emily's now amused ones. She felt heat rise to her cheek as she looked away.
"Him? B***, did you just say him?" Emily asked, a knowing smirk on her face. Roxanne didn't answer.
"Now, I don't suppose you're talking about that handsome stranger with the British accent from Rayla's wedding day..."
Roxanne's eyes fell on Emily.
"Who else?"
Emily couldn't help the laughter that erupted from her throat on hearing her best friend's confession.
"Girl, are you serious?! He definitely did a number on you huh? You're telling me that he stroked that p*** so good he's been in your head for two days?!"
Flustered, Roxanne flung a pillow to her best friend's face.
"Stop!"
"B*** what?!" Emily laughed back.
"I have just been wondering what would have happened if I stayed longer, you know? What if I didn't run out like that? Would we have had breakfast together? Talked about ourselves to each other? I know it's crazy, cause I just had my heart shattered and my trust and love taken advantage of. But I can't just stop thinking about him, he's been on my mind and I'm really wishing I didn't run the way I did." Roxanne found herself pouring out her heart to her best friend. It was why she loved Emily so much, she was easy to talk to.
Emily's eyes softened. She could understand her best friend's pain, but she couldn't help the witty reply that escaped her lips.
"Yep. He certainly stroked that p*** too good."
"I'm serious!" Roxanne shot back, chuckling.
"I know, I know, I'm sorry." Emily stopped to laugh.
"If you found him that attractive, why did you run?" Emily asked, after her laughter died down.
Roxanne appeared thoughtful for a while, before shaking her head.
"It was hopeless. He probably thought I was a wretched crazy woman that needed saving from herself. I didn't want to see him wake up in the morning and ask me out of his room. He was completely out of my league." In as much as she tried to mask it with a shrug, there was a hint of pain in Roxanne's eyes that caused Emily to move closer to her and kiss her cheek.
"I might have to agree with you on that one. I mean, did you see his Rolex? Shit could have been about a hundred thousand dollars, least!"
"I know right?!" Roxanne answered. Her eyes slowly lit up in a smiled, Emily had the power to do that to her.
Their moment was interrupted by the sound of Roxanne's ringing tone.
"Please God, let it be the publishing company I reached out to yesterday," Roxanne called out, reaching for the phone across the laptop. "Amen!" Emily replied.
When Roxanne got hold of her phone and brought it to her face so she could see the caller ID, her hope dwindled and she frowned. "It's my mum," she said in annoyance, turning to Emily.
The dark haired woman smiled at her best friend.
"Pick it up."
"Really?"
Emily nodded silently. Roxanne rolled her eyes and clicked the answer icon.
"Hello," she said, pressing the phone to her ears. With every passing second, Roxanne's eyes widened and fear overtook the anger in her eyes. When the call ended, she turned to Emily, shock and fear still evident in her gaze.
"Is everything okay?" Emily asked, confused.
Roxanne's gaze fell to her laptop as she quickly jumped out of bed.
"I have to get to Saint Patrick's hospital and now!"
*****
You killed my baby!
Roxanne ran past the hospital doors, looking twice as crazy as the crazy jeans she was putting on.
Frantic, she rushed to the reception table. A black lady in red looked up at her. Roxanne forced herself to steady her breath before speaking.
"I'm Roxanne..." she paused.
"Roxanne Harvey, my sister... My sister Rayla Harvey... Sorry, Rayla Rivers was rushed in here this morning... Complications with..." She was struggling to breathe and talk at the same time.
The lady continued to stare at her, trying to piece her words together.
"Roxy!" Roxanne heard her mother's familiar high pitched voice call out to her.
Immediately, she turned to the direction of the voice. Sarah stood there in tears, her arms folded across her chest. Roxanne abandoned her introduction with the woman at the reception and rushed to her mother. Sarah broke down crying in her daughter's arms.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Mum, what's going on?" Roxanne asked, looking over her mother's shoulder for more of their family members, before her eyes rested on her mother's face.
"Jonah called us this morning. He said Rayla woke up screaming and he had to rush her to the hospital. The doctors..." She broke down again.
"I don't even know what they are saying," she continued, crying.
Roxanne felt her heart soften. Maybe she hated Rayla, but she certainly didn't want anything to happen to her or her child.
"Where is everyone?" Roxanne asked, patting her mother gently.
"Rayla's room. You want to go see her?"
Roxanne smiled sadly, before nodding affirmatively. Sarah's eyes lit up as she pulled away from her daughter to direct her.
When Roxanne stepped into the room and saw Rayla lying in the hospital bed with tears in her eyes and holding on to Jonah, who looked equally frustrated and in pain, Roxanne's heart softened once more. Tony looked up at his younger twin daughter and his eyes lit up.
"Roxy!" he called out.
Everyone's attention turned to her immediately. Once again, Roxanne had that urge to disappear, but she had to be here for her sister, even though she wished she didn't have to. The child didn't deserve anything that was happening to it.
"Are you okay Rayla?" she asked, ignoring all the stares and walking straight to Rayla.
"I'm in so much pain Roxy. It hurts so much!" Rayla continued to cry. Her teary eyes were fixed on Roxanne's sad ones.
"Please Roxy, please help me. I don't want to lose my baby, I love my baby so much, I don't want to lose it. Please, I'm so sorry for everything, I don't want to lose my baby..."
Roxanne opened her mouth to speak, but the doctor who walked in spoke first.
"We have to attend to her now. Please step outside and wait."
Roxanne stayed silent and turned in the direction of the doctor. She moved away from Rayla's stare and walked behind her mother and father.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Jonah approach the doctor.
"Can I stay in and wait? She's my wife, I need to be with her."
"Mr. Rivers, please, it's better you step outside. We would make sure your wife and child are alright. There are slim chances, but we would do all that's medically possible," the doctor replied. Something in his voice told Roxanne he had seen situations like this too many times, there was nothing sympathetic about the way he spoke.
The horrors of the medical profession, she thought. One had to get used to seeing the absolute worst every day.
The door was shut behind Jonah, the curtains were covered as well. Now, all they could do was wait.
Roxanne sat on the metal bench in the hospital corridor, in front of her sister's room, beside her parents. Her eyes watched Jonah keenly as he continued to pace from one end of the corridor to another.
For a moment, Roxanne wondered if he was so worried because of the baby or because of Rayla. She wondered if he would have been so worried or more worried had it been her in the ward and not Rayla.
She bit her lower lip in anger. How could she think of such a thing now? When her sister was in such a critical condition? Had anger and bitterness turned her cold and narcissistic?
Seconds turned to minutes, minutes grew to hours as they waited. It was exactly three hours later that the doctors and the nurses stepped out of the room.
On sighting them, Jonah rushed to the front of the doctor. Tony and Sarah followed closely behind. Roxanne couldn't find it in her to stand up, not after what she had just thought about. "Doctor, how...how is she?" Jonah asked.
The man took off his nose mask and handed it to one of the three nurses behind him, giving them a signal to go ahead of him.
"I'm very sorry Mr. Rivers, we lost the baby. However, your wife is alive and sound, she is currently unconscious, but would be awake in no less than three hours."
From where she sat, Roxanne watched the words slip out of the doctor's lips with so much ease. Like he was not just announcing the death of a child. He spoke about Rayla being alive like it was meant to console the family. She watched him walk away as Jonah fall to his knees beside her parents.
Tony and Sarah brought Jonah to his feet as they walked into Rayla's room. Roxanne sat still where she was.
Unsure of what to feel and what to do.
When she found the courage to rise up, she did so and walked into the room.
Rayla was awake now. It seemed Jonah and her parents had given her the news because she was crying uncontrollably. Jonah was by her side, trying to pacify her, but she would have none of it.
Tony and Sarah stood away from the couple, and Roxanne made her way to stand beside them after she closed the door.
All of a sudden, Rayla's frustrated and teary eyes rose up to meet Roxanne's. Her stare was deadly, filled with anger and hate.
It all happened so fast.
Before anyone could make sense of what was happening, Rayla picked up a small vase on the drawer by her bed, and flung it at Roxanne.
Roxanne saw white, before she felt her forehead split into two. The pain that seized her head was unbearable. Both hands flew to her head as she bent down. Blood was all over her palms when she looked at them.
She was dumbstruck, she couldn't speak.
"It's all your fault you bloody b***! You wanted my baby dead! You used your jealousy and your envy to kill my baby! What had I ever done to you?! How is it my fault that I was better at everything than you?! How is it my fault that I f*** Jonah better than you! You took your anger out on my baby! My poor baby!"
Words, words, and more words. Roxanne couldn't hear her anymore, but she could tell that Rayla was still screaming at the top of her voice.
In pain, she looked around, hoping her parents would help her, come to her aid, or even call the doctor.
Instead, they rushed to Rayla's side and held her. She could tell they were trying to pacify her. Jonah had a dead look in his eyes when Roxanne looked up at him.
"Please Roxanne! Leave here! Leave now!" Sarah cried out in tears.
Roxanne still stood there, in pain and in shock.
This was wrong, all wrong.
"You heard your mother Roxanne, get out. Rayla doesn't need to see you now," Tony cried out again.
No one cared that she was bleeding, no one cared that she could die from all the blood she was losing. Leave, they said. She would leave and never come back.
With her hands pressed to her head, she staggered out of the room without another word.
###CHAPTER 13: BACK TO HELL
His mother had asked him to come on Tuesday, so Tuesday it was.
After two unsuccessful days of searching for Roxanne, Lancelot resigned to fate with anger and vengeance in his heart.
He was going to go back to London, but he swore that whenever he came back, he would find her and make her pay for humiliating him. No matter the cost or time it took.
It was exactly 7 am when Lancelot and Peter boarded the first-class flight from New York, America, to London, England. All through the flight, Lancelot could think of nothing besides the violet-eyed American woman and all the drama waiting for him at home.
"...with all that's going on here..." his mother had said.
Just what was she up to again?
At exactly 2:15pm, Lancelot's plane touched down London. There was a car waiting for them at the airport.
Lancelot recognized his father's limousine by the Dankworth name engraved in silver above the plate number. He scoffed, his father had always been one to announce himself. Perhaps, it was because of his mother's pride. Anywhere Madeline Dankworth stepped into, she made sure people knew and recognized her presence. Just like a hurricane, she was one to leave a lasting effect-whether good or bad depending on how she saw you wherever she went.
The ride through London to the Dankworth Palace was a long and silent one-hour journey. One that Lancelot stared out of the window all through.
Beside him, Peter continued to answer his calls and discuss with people over the phone. Arranging meetings and canceling meetings, adjusting Lancelot's schedules, and approving appointments.
Lancelot would have glanced over to the man and acknowledged his good work, but he was lost in thoughts.
There was a whole lot waiting for him at the palace, a lot that he would give anything to be away from.
The limo stopped in front of Magnificent steel gates. Lancelot knew he had finally arrived home, he could see his mother's favorite flowers; Ixora, Lillies, and Alamanda planted on opposite sides of the tarred road.
As they drove past the gates into the large compound, Lancelot took note of the wandering horses, the garden and the water fountain. His eyes drifted to the 8-foot sculpture of his grandfather, Edward Dankworth the Second. Lancelot wanted to smile on memories of the man, he was still an icon and would remain so in Lancelot's mind.
The car came to a halt in front of the mahogany doors of the entrance to the Dankworth house. Lancelot took a look at it and sighed, before opening the car door and stepping out of it.
Behind him, Peter and the driver sought to put their luggage into place, sorting out Peter's from Lancelot's.
As Lancelot approached the door, he loosened the silver cuffs on the sleeves of his red shirt and adjusted his collar, removing the first two buttons as well. It was a deliberate effort to infuriate his mother. He knew she would flip on seeing how "improperly" he had walked into her fortress.
The doors slid open, revealing the figure and face of a very familiar older man.
Lancelot felt his heart rise with joy. If Butler Lee was the first person he saw on arrival, he was certain today wasn't going to be as bad as he was expecting.
The older man smiled at Lancelot. The boy he had known all those years ago had grown to be a handsome man, he just wished life had been a bit kinder to the boy. Lee had served the Dankworth house for thirty years. As a young boy, he had come into the family with his father, who served Lancelot's great grandfather and grandfather. When Lee lost his father, he decided to take over and cater to the family that had shown him so much love.
Perhaps, that was the reason he was so drawn to Edward Dankworth's second son, Lancelot Dankworth.
"Your royal handsomeness," the older man teased with a bow of courtesy after he had come close to Lancelot.
Lancelot allowed his chuckle to escape his lips as he smiled. Butler Lee had always been so much fun to be with.
"Oh, come off it Lee! You and I know you're less than happy to see me."
"Perhaps you are right. Your room has always been the hardest to put in order..." He paused and looked over Lancelot's shoulder with a smile on his face. Lee had always been grateful he had grown to be a tall lean man, or else, Lancelot would have towered above him.
"...God only knows the atrocities you have packed in all those boxes!" he cried out, dramatically.
Lancelot smiled, a wicked grin on his face.
"You and I know I have a knack for atrocities."
"It is no wonder you spent so much time in the city of atrocities. Wining and dining with all the beautiful daughters of Eve..."
"Say no more, please..." Lancelot cut in, fighting back the urge to laugh until his stomach hurt.
"I am so glad you're back young master. But! I'm very sure the Luna is happier than I am."
Lancelot's smile dissolved at the mention of his mother. Lee saw it but chose to ignore it. Luna Madeline and her son's relationship had become strained after...
The thought caused Lee to shake his head, he forced his smile back on his face again. It was an event he did not intend to remember, one that changed the Dankworth family for life.
"I was hoping I wouldn't see her till dinner time," Lancelot said.
He stepped into the huge corridor with Lee by his side. The house looked the same, nothing seemed to have changed in the one week he had been away; not that he expected anything to.
Lancelot took one look around the corridor. It was a long and narrow link to the rest of the house. The walls were covered with red wallpapers and had portraits of Dankworth's ancestry all over it.
It had always been so. Whenever anyone stepped into the mansion, the magnificence and power of the most powerful lineage and royalty of the most powerful werewolf pack, greeted them first. With it, they began to harbor second thoughts if their intention was to harm any member of this family.
None of the Dankworth's were ones to be played with. Each of them, no matter how peaceful and quiet they appeared to be, had a demon of their own hidden in them.
As Lancelot and Lee walked through the corridor to the foot of the stairs that led to the major rooms in the house, Lancelot looked around one last time.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
While his gaze lingered on the door to his father's throne room that stood at the right side of the staircase, Lee tugged at his arm.
"I guess the goddess failed to grant your wishes after all," Lee spoke in a hushed tone.
Lancelot failed to understand what the man was talking about until he looked up at the staircase and found his mother there.
"Nice of you to finally decide to join us again Lance."
Lancelot felt himself shrink at the sound of her voice. Right from childhood, it had always amazed him how his mother could look so small and feminine and still have such a deep and authoritative voice. Madeline Dankworth stood and watched her son approach her.
As Lancelot climbed the steps, his eyes drank in his mother's ever elegant appearance. Even in her sleep, Madeline never failed to radiate riches, aristocracy, and power. It was almost as if elegance ran through her veins instead of blood. Apart from the thin grey strands of hair that threatened to overshadow the blonde ones on her hair, and the thin bags under her eyes that showed that she had seen a lot in her years on Earth, nothing else about her told the world that she was a woman going to sixty.
If Lancelot hadn't been her son, he would have thought she was only ten years older.
Standing in front of her now, his eyes darkened when he finally recognized the presence of the lady beside his mother.
Black suit trousers and a pink loose chiffon long-sleeved shirt. Her hair was styled in a neat French plait and her eyes bright and blue. Her both hands were in intertwined in front of her and she had a smile on her face. Prim and proper. Lancelot thought. Just the way his mother liked them.
He recognized the lady though; Ava Relish. His chosen mate.
"Mother," Lancelot said, after tearing his gaze away from the younger woman.
He leaned into his mother and placed a courtesy kiss on her cheek. To Ava, he gave a curt nod of recognition.
"While I am extremely angry with you, I do know you need some rest before dinner so I would allow you to rest," Madeline said, looking up at her son who now towered above her.
Lancelot's eyes narrowed at her. For his mother to postpone her nagging to dinner or after dinner, it meant something big was about to happen.
"What is happening during dinner Mother?"
Madeline's brows furrowed in a scowl. She stayed quiet as Butler Lee and Peter passed by them with Lancelot's luggage in their hands. When she was sure they had passed, she narrowed her eyes at Lancelot.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"A dinner to welcome you back home. Plus, we need to start preparing for your coronation."
"Mother..."
"It's never too early to be ready, your grandfather used to say that to your father a lot. So, I called and invited everyone to the house. Your wedding is to come soon after your coronation, there is a lot to prepare for, the earlier we gather everyone together, the better for us all. Your cousins, aunties, and uncles would be here by 7 pm latest. I suggest you get all the rest you can before then..." She ran her eyes from his face down to his legs and up again.
Her jaw tightened on seeing his unruly appearance.
Wedding. On hearing the word, Lancelot's gaze shifted from his mother to the smiling Ava beside her.
Why did she just stand and smile in silence? Couldn't she see how weird she was being?
When their eyes locked, Lancelot shrugged and looked away from her. There was no way in hell he was allowing their union happen.
"Your father isn't in, but James and Arthur are, just in case you want to say hello before you retire to your room. And make sure you come down to dinner properly dressed. Lady Marion would have your head if you don't, and I would gladly be a part of it."
'Even though you hate her,' Lancelot said to himself. But he wouldn't dare say it out.
With a shrug, his mother turned on her heels and dashed up the stairs. Leaving Lancelot and Ava in an awkward silence.
Finally, Ava broke the silence.
"Would you like something to eat before going to bed Lance?" she asked, batting her lashes at him.
If this was her attempt to be sweet, she could save it.
But he needed ice coffee though.
"Yes," he responded curtly.
"Iced coffee. Two sugars," he said, still staring down at her.
"Of course! I know just how you like it."
Lancelot said nothing, he watched as she walked past him, down the flight of stairs.
This was going to be a long day. He thought to himself.
###CHAPTER 14: THE DREADED DINNER
The knock on his room door caused him to frown. Standing in front of his mirror, Lancelot raked his eyes down his body one last time.
"Dress appropriately," his mother had said. He could only hope his attire of white suit trouser and an army green long-sleeved shirt was appropriate enough for his mother... And Lady Marion.
His blonde strands of hair he combed to the back of his head. He knew how much his mother hated to see his hair fly all over his face. Not that he cared, but one of Madeline's shades about etiquettes, dressing, and manners was the last thing Lancelot needed tonight.
The knock came again. This time, he sighed and walked to the door. Whoever it was must have come to call him to the dining room. He couldn't believe it was 7pm already.
When he opened his large wooden door, Butler Lee stood in front of him. A prim smile on the old man's face, one that Lancelot couldn't mistake for anything else; the old man was teasing him.
"By the goddess! You look absolutely stunning your graciousness," Lee said, smiling as he bowed in courtesy to Lancelot.
The young man chuckled and sighed. Lee always had a way with his words and gesture that made anyone laugh; including Lancelot and his mother.
"Oh please Lee. I would appreciate if you would drop the title. Makes me feel older than I ought to."
"Oh! But you are old, young master..."
At his statement, Lancelot raised a brow in query. It was also a signal to Lee that the young man properly understood his pun. Delighted, Lee smiled.
"I know what that sounds like, and I must tell you it was purely my intention. Also, the dowager would have my head dangling from the edge of a sword if I am ever caught addressing you by your name." Lancelot opened his mouth to say something, but Lee was faster.
"Speaking of heads. The Luna has asked me to usher you to the dining room, or else, the only head lost would be yours. Everyone is seated and waiting for you already."
Lancelot fought the urge to roll his eyes.
Of course, everyone was waiting for him; everyone he didn't want to see.
Lancelot sighed. Lee's eyes showed concern for him. Lee had always been so concerned about Lancelot, ever since he was a child. To him, the boy did not deserve the tragedy life thought it best to throw at him. From his days as a child, all the boy had ever done was suffer.
He knew Lancelot was not happy, he only wondered when the boy's unhappiness would end. It was only now that he was talking to him that he saw the boy smile, or chuckle. Every other time and with every other person, he was as cold as ice and as hard as diamond.
"Everyone?"
"Every single member of your family. Come on young master, we don't want to keep your mother waiting."
Quietly, Lancelot followed the butler behind. As he approached the door to the dining, his heart fell and his eyes darkened. He had taken on his deadly and unfriendly aura again.
Lancelot took a step into the large and luxuriously furnished dining room, before he stopped to look around.
Lee had not been bluffing at all. Every single person was here. The long and rectangular dining table had twelve seats arranged around it. Eleven of those seats were filled. His dark eyes rested on the last seat beside Ava.
He fought to fight back his scowl. That could only have been his mother's doing.
"Brother!" Arthur, the last son of Edward Dankworth and Lancelot's second younger brother called out on seeing him. The excitement in his voice caused everyone at the table to fall silent. All eyes moved to the door where Lancelot stood, his hands tucked in both his pockets.
Lancelot stood still, allowing all their eyes to drink his appearance. For once, just once, Lancelot wanted to disappear so they could all leave him the hell alone.
Finally, his father spoke up.
"Come son, come join us," Edward called out, a smile spread across his English face.
With a sigh, Lancelot began to walk towards the crowded table.
"Your hands out of your pockets now young man. Do you have not an iota of respect for the elders of the table?" The antagonistic voice belonged to Lady Marion, wife of the Late Edward the Second and Lancelot's grandmother. Lancelot said nothing, he simply took his hands out of his pocket and nodded in courtesy. As he walked to the only empty chair in the room; between Ava and Elizabeth, his cousin.
As he pulled out the chair, Elizabeth's brown eyes rose up to meet his. Her rosy lips curved into a beautiful and teasing smile. For a second, Lancelot thought he saw her blush.
When he lowered himself into the seat, he turned away from her and gave everyone around a curt nod.
"Now, now mother, do take it easy on the boy. You do not always have to be so hard on him," the next voice that spoke belonged to his mother.
Lancelot was surprised his mother had spoken up in his defense. But then, when it was against Lady Marion, his mother could fight for anybody, just to get on the older woman's last nerves. Lady Marion scoffed, her nose in the air as she turned to her son.
Lancelot took note of the feast on the table. The finest of meat, chicken and pork, rice and barley, soups and sauces, mashed potatoes, properly cooked cabbages, and finest of wine bottles were placed at strategic positions on the table. Each person had a plate and all necessary utensils in front of them.
"This is bigger than the normal family dinner I expected," Bailey, Madeline's younger brother was the one to speak next. Of all his uncles, Bailey was Lancelot's favorite. The man always had his own way of putting an end to very awkward situations.
"Yes aunty," It was the beautiful Elizabeth's turn to speak now. "Are we celebrating something?"
Murmurs erupted around the table. Lancelot said nothing, he poured red wine into a glass and quietly sipped from it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Yes. The return of the golden son."
Lancelot would have ignored the statement, but the malice evident in the tone was strong enough to turn his head toward the direction of the speaker. He could tell his younger brother, James's voice from miles away. Lancelot just needed to see the look on his brother's face as he spoke.
"Dankworth's favorite son has returned. We ought to have a dinner to celebrate. So that is what we are doing."
The silence at the table turned awkward once again. Lancelot sought a befitting reply to give his brother. He had always known James was jealous of him. Even though Lancelot never understood the reason, he had silently hoped James would overgrow his childishness and malice. It was obvious he still hadn't.
Lady Eloise was the one to clear her throat next. Lancelot turned to his grey-haired grandaunt. The lady had a broad smile on her face. She rose a glass up and with a broad and genuine smile on her face, turned to every member of the table. "Now, now everyone. We have all gathered here as a family, whether it's to celebrate or not. We should be able to enjoy each other's company in peace and harmony. It's been so long since we were all together like this. Since my late brother's burial, it's been hard to bring everyone together like this. We are here now and we should all make the most of it. Am I not right Madeline?"
Lancelot thought he would smile at how skillfully Lady Eloise was able to hand over the baton to his mother. His eyes shifted from his grandaunt to his mother.
"Of course..." Madeline cleared her throat. Lady Eloise's small stunt had almost caused her to choke on her wine.
"We are certainly a family. And I have gathered everyone today because of a special reason." When she regained her composure, Madeline sat up and straightened her head. It was a gesture that signaled to everyone that she was in control, just as she had always been.
London Pride pack was her husband's to rule and hers to manage. And someday, Lancelot would be blessed with the responsibility of leading and rule the pack, it was why they were all gathered here; to plan his coronation as Alpha prince, heir to his father's throne.
"My dearest son..." Her eyes fell on Lancelot's with a dramatic smile of pride.
"Lancelot would be crowned as Alpha prince in the next 27 days. I gathered us all tonight because I need you... We need you as a family to stand by us and help us prepare for this great occasion. We would need your wisdom, experience and connections to make his coronation, crowning, and wedding a success."
At the mention of the word, "wedding" everyone's eyes fell on Lancelot.
His fists tightened. His right hand against the wine glass and the left one on top of his thighs.
One thing was clear; Madeline Dankworth was going to get him married to Ava if he didn't do something. He had to make a move, and he had to move fast.
"Wedding?" Elizabeth cried out first. Lancelot's gaze shifted to her. Just like him, she had her fists rolled into tight balls, ones that had her veins protruding from her flesh.
When it dawned on her that her outburst had been uncalled for, she lowered her head and laughed nervously.
"I mean, that's extremely wonderful news," she muttered, still trying to regain her composure.
Lady Eloise's eyes fell on the beautiful girl. So did her mother's, Hermione. Eloise smiled against the glass pressed on her lips, she could see through the girl like transparent glass, just the way she could see through every person seated around her. "Yes," Madeline spoke up, in response to Elizabeth's outburst.
"He would be married to our darling Ava exactly three weeks after his coronation."
"You mean Bran's mate?" Albert spoke up for the first time that night. He was Lancelot's cousin and Elizabeth's older brother. He, just like most of the people seated at the table with him, despised Lancelot. But his reason was special, he wanted what Lancelot had; the position of heir to the throne of London Pride pack.
No one said anything. This time, all eyes moved to Madeline's, furious ones, anticipating her response.
Madeline narrowed her gaze at the young man. He was nothing but four months older than her own son. Just who had given him the right to cut into her words like that? Madeline forced a smile at him.
"Well, I'm sure we all know better than to mention his name at the table."
"Why? He leaves us and suddenly Lancelot is in control of everything..."
"James! You would be quiet, this instant!" Madeline yelled, her fists coming into contact with the table with so much force, that everyone felt the glasses on the table shake.
As if on cue, the fury in her blue eyes disappeared while she watched her second son melt into his seat.
Her smile was back again.
"So, let us pretend all of this never happened and have dinner quietly. We would have a family meeting to discuss about this tomorrow evening. We should all be ready to come to terms with all that has happened in the past, all that's happening now and all that would happen in future..."
"Are you okay Lance?" Ava whispered into Lancelot's left ear. After realizing how tense and furious he looked.
Lancelot's gaze fell on her before he tore his eyes away.
No, he wasn't. He wanted to get out of here, and fast.
When Madeline finished her speech, everyone cheered her end statement and gulped down the content of red and white wine in their various glasses.
Only Lancelot sat quietly, visibly indifferent and slightly irritated. Everything was about him and he hated it.
He wished he could go away, go away and never return.
He heaved a sigh, he was thinking too much again, slowly losing his mind once again.
He had to see Doctor Flinn as soon as possible.
###CHAPTER 15: NOT GOOD ENOUGH?
She laid in bed with her eyes closed. Ever since she returned home after getting her forehead stitched, it was impossible to do anything else. The pain in her head continued to ache badly, it was annoying how incapacitated it made her feel. Roxanne flinched when she heard her room door open and close. She shut her eyes tightly, so whoever had come in wouldn't see that she had been crying. Not that anyone else would come to her room besides Emily, the woman was all she had left in the world.
"You okay baby?" Emily asked, placing a tray occupied with a cup of coffee and two sandwiches on the stool beside Roxanne's bed.
Roxanne couldn't speak, instead, she managed a faint affirmative nod.
Emily lowered herself and sat at the edge of the bed. She ran her fingers round the bandage wrapped around her friend's head.
When she looked into Roxanne's dim eyes, she could see her friend had been crying. Emily's eyes softened as she placed a kiss on her friend's forehead.
"Roxy. You need to stop doing this to yourself. This constant crying and everything you're doing, it's not healthy."
The tears began to flow nonstop from Roxanne's eyes. Why did everything about her life have to be so chaotic?
Ever since she lost her job, she found herself jumping from one tragedy to another. And the people she felt she could hold on to had disappointed her.
Now, all she had was her best friend. Even at that, she felt like she had began to draw her back. Since her accident...no, Rayla's silly attempt at murder, Emily had been at home to take care of her. Roxanne didn't want that, she hated to feel so helpless.
"I don't know what else to do Em. Everything is depressing to me. I feel like I don't even know what I'm doing anymore. I'm so lost, so alone..."
"That's not true baby," Emily cut in, placing her hands on Roxanne's.
"You know I'm always going to be here for you," she continued.
"And that's the problem Emily! You're always here for me..." This time, Roxanne gathered what was left of her energy and sat up. She placed her back against the headboard, her teary eyes fixed on her best friend's face.
"You do everything you possibly can for me Emily. And what do I do? Every time I lean on you, I expect you to be there for me. You haven't been to work in two days and that is all because of me..."
"Perks of being your own boss," Emily cut in, with a smile on her face. She was hoping it would cause Roxanne to smile. She hated to see her friend like that.
Roxanne stopped, she couldn't fight the faint smile that crept to her lips. As she looked at Emily, she drank in the sight of her friend's beautiful face.
Thick nappy curls that fell all over her head, even down to the top of her brows, brown eyes, lush pink lips and a bright and beautiful smile. Emily still remained the most beautiful woman Roxanne had ever set her eyes on. Maybe, just maybe if she was lesbian like Isabelle, she would have not hesitated to marry Emily. She was everything anyone could ever need in their lives.
"You're always so busy Emily. If you're not working, you're looking after me and all my sorry issues, if you're not doing that, you're working again."
Emily chuckled. She knew Roxanne was right, but she had no problem with it. Before anything, Roxanne would always be her number one priority.
Unlike her best friend, Emily had never been a fan of love, marriage or a family of husband, wife and children. Or maybe the artiste in her had never allowed her free spirit to settle down for anyone. Roxanne was the only friend she had, and she would do all that was humanly possible to take care of her.
"You've been so busy trying to tidy my relationship issues that you've never had the chance to be in one yourself."
Emily couldn't help the laughter that forced itself from her stomach. Roxanne's eyes narrowed in annoyance. "It's not funny Em."
"Oh, but it is my love. Hey, you know that I have never been a fan of love or whatever it is you guys call it. I am my own woman, I love to keep it that way. Now, just look at all the hurt Jonah caused you. I'm sorry baby, but you and I know that if such were to happen to me, he and Rayla would be six feet deep by now and my black and big booty would be warming up benches in a motherfucking jail cell."
The anger in Emily's eyes did nothing to hide itself. Just thinking of all that Roxanne had been through in the past month caused her to boil inside. She could not imagine the pain and the hurt. She had only seen such a thing happen once before; to her mother. Since then, she swore away from issues of the heart. And it had been working perfectly for her.
"Life's just a bag of horse shit," Emily muttered, shaking her head as she looked over to a smiling Roxanne.
"The f*** you smiling at me like that for?" Emily queried.
Roxanne said nothing, she simply shook her head and continued to smile.
"B***, spit it out before I throw you under the bed."
"Okay! Okay!" Roxanne was smiling now. Even as Emily picked up a pillow, ready to spank her best friend until she fell to the floor.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I'm just finally happy to see you express yourself Emily. You had all these emotions bottled up and I just wanted to see you release them. I knew that you would never do that in front of me cause you wouldn't want to put or see me in more pain, but I just wanted to let you know that I'm grateful for all you do. And I promise, once I'm called for the job at the publishing company, my first paycheck would go to you and the gallery."
There was a smile on Emily's face, before it dissolved and turned into something that looked like pity.
Roxanne could sense something was wrong. Slowly, she reached out and placed a hand on her friend's thigh.
"What's wrong Em?"
Emily shook her head slowly, as she lowered her gaze to the tray of coffee beneath them. She wondered whether to tell Roxanne now or after she had lunch.
She was more than certain that if she told her friend now, she would lose her appetite again. Tragedy had a way of making Roxanne's belly full. Emily didn't need that to happen right now. Still, she knew that Roxanne wouldn't eat if she didn't tell her.
Could she lie now and say the truth later? No. That would break her heart.
She was going to say the truth. It was a tough pill to swallow, but she knew Roxanne was courageous enough to swallow it.
Emily cleared her throat, lowered herself to pick up the tray, placed it on the bed close to her Roxanne's legs and smiled.
She was going to make it as much of a joke as she could.
"Well, you might have to hold on to that promise a while longer," Emily said. Roxanne's gaze changed from worried to confused.
"I don't understand. You told me last night that they sent me a mail, why would you...?" Roxanne stopped talking as realization dawned on her once again.
"It was another rejection letter wasn't it?"
Roxanne's heart broke once again. Why was she attracting so much bad luck?
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Tears welled up in her eyes and guilt immediately flooded Emily's. She rushed to her friend's side and placed a kiss on her brown hair.
"These companies don't deserve you Roxy Harvey. When the right company who knows your worth comes along, they'll know better than to let you go."
"Maybe I'm not just good enough."
"Are you crazy? Lex Corp knew how much of an asset you were! They retained you after your internship cause they knew you were a smart and industrious young woman. Don't let these silly banks and publishing houses fool you." Roxanne was supposed to feel better, but she didn't. If she was so good, how did Alexander let go of her and her relentless services so easily?
They hadn't valued her. Either that, or she just wasn't good enough.
"LexCorp fired me..."
"Hardy was and still is a filthy bastard. It's not lack of skill that got you fired, it's his ego and his c*** sucking stupidity."
Roxanne chuckled at her friend's choice of words. She had often wondered if Emily Davidson could go one afternoon without swearing.
After three years of living with her, Roxanne had come to the conclusion that it was impossible.
"Cocksucking stupidity?" Roxanne asked, still chuckling with amusement.
"B***, I said what I said."
Together, in each other's arms, they burst out laughing.
###CHAPTER 16: THEN RUN, l SHALL
Dinner the previous night had been many things but eventful. Lancelot had retired to his room with his half-empty bottle of vodka spirit. And he had drank all of it that night, right before falling asleep on the floor, right by his king-sized bed. The pressure was too much for him. How did everyone expect him to fit into the huge shoes they had prepared for him? While half of the Dankworth family looked up to him, it was clear from yesterday's dinner that a greater half resented him and expected nothing but failure from him.
How was he to disappoint them all? He had been working, training and schooling toward this period for fourteen years of his life. Yet, it still felt as though he wasn't ready.
It was one thing to be born for power, it was another thing to be forced into accepting this power. It was now going to be a part of him whether he liked it or not.
He now had a responsibility to the whole of London Pride pack, he couldn't afford to make one mistake. Just like he had done for more than half of his life, Lancelot understood that he had to be perfect. Or at least, walk around with a false sense of perfection.
It was much more than he had ever asked for. He didn't want any of this, but he didn't have a choice.
If only Bran had not...
He stopped there, he would not think about him, not tonight, not anymore.
After emptying the content of the bottle, he had fallen so deeply asleep that he had forgotten to lock his room door.
It was the only way Ava could gain access into his room without first knocking. When she stepped into the dark room, she was taken aback by the smell of alcohol. Before the sight of Lancelot sprawled on the floor caused her to jump.
Her slight scream caused him to jerk and wake up. Quickly, he sat up in defense mode. Whoever it was that had made it into his room without his permission, he was more than ready to beat the person up make a mess of him... Or her. When his eyes cleared and he saw Ava standing above him, Lancelot sighed and rose to his feet.
He staggered slightly, Ava rushed to help him but he raised a hand up. Warning her not to come any closer.
"My Lord, are you okay?" she asked aloud, looking over him once again. Her eyes fell to the empty bottle of vodka sprawled on the floor.
Lancelot looked over at her and nodded.
What the hell was she doing here? How had he been careless enough to leave his door open? Why was she the one standing in front of him and not Lee?
With all these questions in his mind, Lancelot's blue eyes rested on her soft blue ones. They were oval and deep, showed a faint sense of innocence and so much viciousness. Despite her soft stares and soft voice that could put a grown man to sleep with just a lullaby, Lancelot felt in his heart that there was more to Ava Relish, daughter of Count Danbury Relish, than anyone of them knew.
"Why are you here?" Lancelot asked. His irritation carefully hidden in his bored tone.
"I thought I should attend to your needs today my Lord..."
"Please..." Lancelot cut in, with a wave of his hand.
"Just call me Lancelot."
When he spoke, she blushed and bowed her head. Did she really have to be so... English?
"Since when did being English like become a problem for you?" He heard Ziko ask within him. Lancelot ignored his wolf and continued to watch Ava carefully.
"Yes, Lancelot."
With that, he rose up and walked past her. Standing in front of the floor to the ceiling glass mirror that was built into the left side of his wall. Ava looked behind her to the man she had always been in love with.
While she had been trained to become Luna queen all her life, she could not have been happier to be betrothed to him. Lancelot Dankworth was the most beautiful man she had ever set her eyes on. He was cold, aloof and mysterious. Almost like a puzzle that was begging to be solved... No, not begging. Nothing about Lancelot begged, it commanded, it dared, and it ordered.
She wanted to get close to him. She wanted to unravel him and see what really lay behind the cold and bored stares he gave to the rest of the world. More still, she wanted to be under him, in his bed.
Her body yearned for him just as her heart did, even more. He was worth rejecting her mate for. And now, she would do just about anything to make sure that she married him. She would make him fall for her, however long it took. "Where is Lee?" his thick baritone brought her back to the present. Startled, she turned to him and smiled curtly.
"He is attending to the other guests in the house. I thought I would cater for you myself today."
Lancelot felt himself cringe. The last thing he needed was Ava anywhere close to him.
She had already crossed her boundary by coming into his room. He had to make sure to put her in check before she got any more interesting and... helpful ideas.
"Don't worry about that. My assistant would see to it," he said flatly. Hoping she would get the hint and leave him alone.
He would hate to have to spell it out to her. Not because he cared, but because he just hoped she would be smart enough to see that he didn't need her here. Or want her here either.
"Lancelot, it is really not a problem, I can..."
"Ava," he said sternly. If she refused to understand, he would spell it out for her, and very clearly so she never misunderstood him again.
"I do not need you taking care of me. I pay people lots of money for that. Now excuse yourself and don't ever step in here without my permission again."
The hurt and the anger were evident in her gaze. But if she was going to win his heart, Ava knew she was going to have to be patient. Lancelot was different from other men who groveled at her feet, amazed by her beauty and charm. He was beauty and charm itself. She had never expected it to be easy. Lancelot was a challenge she would win.
So, she smiled and walked away.
Lancelot stood and watched her leave. In no time, Peter was in his room.
After having breakfast alone in his room, Lancelot prepared himself for the meeting with his therapist: Doctor Mrs. Flinn.
"Where is my mother?" he asked Peter, over his shoulder as he walked down the flight of stairs.
"Out on a tour around the city with Lady Marion and Lady Eloise."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Hermione and her daughter?"
"Still in their Chambers, I presume." Lancelot heaved a sigh.
"By God, they had better be."
Behind him, Peter allowed a chuckle escaped his lips. Lancelot was always one to make him laugh. It was only a pity his boss never laughed himself.
The ride from the Palace to his therapist took about forty-five minutes. Throughout the journey, Lancelot wondered exactly what he would tell the older woman about today. Would he tell her that he had not been able to get a scrawny woman out of his mind, or would he tell her about the nightmare.
F***. It definitely had to be the nightmare. Roxanne couldn't be a problem for him, he would stop thinking about her the moment he spoke to Doctor Flinn; he knew it.
Or he wish he did.
Doctor Flinn was more than happy to see him. She welcomed him with a handshake; knowing how much he hated embraces and physical contact with people.
After ushering him a seat and serving him milk, she was ready to listen to him. It had been so long since she was able to speak freely. After his mother had threatened her about making her son weak, Flinn thought it was best she and Lancelot met in secret. It had been that way for three years. Still, she would never give up on him.
"How have you been Lance?" she asked, seating in a comfortable couch across him.
Lancelot shifted to the edge of his seat. Only now that she asked the question, did he know how unnerved the events of the past few days had made him.
"Just a bit shaken from the nightmares," he said. He would not say any further.
Doctor Flinn's grey eyes narrowed at him.
"You had a nightmare again?"
He sighed, looking over the woman. She was stunning, despite her old age, in her white suit. It matched with the walls of her office.
"Yes. I forgot to turn the lights on."
She was skeptical. He knew she didn't believe him, but it didn't matter.
"Is that all?"
He shrugged, resting his gaze on her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Yes." "So what is the problem?"
Lancelot wondered as well. He didn't even know what it was. Frankly, everything was a problem.
"I saw him again. Bran. It had been so long since he appeared in any of my nightmares. This time was very scary. He was there, suddenly he wasn't..." He stopped to catch his breath.
He was visibly shaking. Subconsciously holding on to the arms of the chair at the thought of his dream.
"And you're certain it's only because you left the light on. Lance, I can't help you if you won't let me."
Her question caused him to become still. She was becoming too nosy, it was starting to annoy him.
"Yes."
"I am asking because mental stress can contribute to these things. Have you been overworking yourself? Thinking too much? Perhaps you saw something... Or someone that triggered his memories recently?" She was now leaning out of the chair. Her focused and intentional gaze fixed on his eyes.
Someone. Someone. Someone.
Lancelot could think of nobody else but her. Her violet eyes and her lavender scent.
But he would not talk about her. Not today, not ever.
"No. Maybe I have been overworking myself. I would make sure I take it easy."
Defeated, Flinn leaned into her chair. If he wasn't going to tell her the truth, she wasn't going to force him.
"Well then. I suggest you take good care of yourself. Also, you might want to take Ziko on a run, clear your head. Empty your thoughts and your heart. It's going to help."
He sighed. Roaming his eyes around the room.
"Then run, I shall."
His statement caused Flinn to laugh. She had known Lancelot from his years as a struggling teenager. It was amazing how strong willed and bright he had grown to be. Still, he struggled with the same issues he had been with since he was young. She only wished she could be of more help.
But one thing was certain, as long as he needed her, she would always be here for him.
###CHAPTER 17: AT THE GOLF COURSE
Lancelot stepped out of Doctor Flinn's office. Peter was seated in one of the chairs in the reception room, eager for his boss's arrival.
When Lancelot cleared his throat and straightened his posture, Peter's eyes rose up from the MacBook on his lap to his boss's tall frame. Lancelot tucked his hands into the pocket of his trousers and leaned against the wall.
"Am I missing something?" Lancelot asked, taking note of the creases formed on Peter's forehead as a result of his frowning.
Peter sighed, packed up his gadgets quietly and rose up.
"Nothing serious. The Alpha King has just requested for your presence at the golf course."
Lancelot scoffed, rolled his eyes and stood straight.
"My father knows I hate golf," he stated. Lancelot had never cared for the game. Golf was simply one of those things his aristocracy demanded that he learnt. And it was very easy to, considering the eight thousand yards of expanse land that served as the Dankworth's golf course.
"So do I sire. However, it is the King's orders..."
"And must be obeyed. Bold of him to cut into my schedule like that," Lancelot replied, walking ahead of Peter, who fought to steady to strap of his heavy shoulder bag on his left shoulder.
He often wondered why Lancelot liked to walk around with a lot of things he never used.
"Perhaps I should go and meet him," Lancelot said. He paused abruptly and turned his back to Peter, catching the young man off guard.
Lancelot's left brow rose up in query.
"Is everything alright?"
No. Nothing was.
But Peter said nothing. Only roughly managed a smile at Lancelot before steadying his composure.
"I would head home before leaving for the golf course..." He paused, appeared thoughtful and shook his head slightly. He wouldn't prepare for it. That way, he could excuse himself and leave the second his father made him uncomfortable. He shrugged and looked over at Peter.
"On second thought, let's us head straight for the golf course."
To this, Peter nodded affirmatively and ushered Lancelot to the black Mercedes parked in front of the facility, just for him.
The drive back to Dankworth estate seemed to take longer this time. Lancelot assumed it was as a result of the evening rush. It was that time of the day when school's closed for the day and parents either rushed to pick their children, rushed to drop their children at home or rushed to hurry back to work.
It took Lancelot on a short trip down the memory lane. When he was a child, hopping into his father's car and watching all the eyes at school rest on he and his brothers. The Dankworth boys had been the desire of every girl and the envy of every boy.
Even now that they had grown into men, not much had changed about either of them.
The metal gates that protected the entrance into the largest Estate in the whole of the city of London, Dankworth Estate, opened up to allow their car entry.
"Are you certain you do not want to have a change of clothes sire?" Peter asked, looking over at Lancelot who continued to stare absentmindedly, out of the window.
"The golf course first, Peter," Lancelot replied, not sparing him a glance.
As they approached the golf course, Lancelot was surprised and annoyed to see a total of seven cars parked in the parking lot. He had thought this was going to be a father and son affair.
All of a sudden, he was very glad he had decided earlier not to come prepared. Now, there was an excuse to leave. From what he saw, Lancelot had a feeling he was going to be out of here quicker than he had expected.
Peter left the heavy bag in the car this time as he followed Lancelot behind. He knew Lancelot didn't need to; considering how good his boss was at everything (besides matters of the heart) whether he wanted to or not. Still, he knew being Lancelot's caddie in today's game would give him an opportunity to watch the beautiful game of golf.
When they got to the Teeing ground, Lancelot took in deep breaths to calm his annoyance. He wasn't about to walk into the crowd of men-even though they were only five-looking like the world had just fallen on his shoulders; despite the fact that it actually had.
"Lancelot dear!" his uncle, Bailey called out. Lancelot forced a smile as he walked towards the older man.
Bailey stood in black shorts and a pink short sleeved shirt. He had his face cap covering his forehead so the sun didn't burn him too much.
On hearing his name, everyone had turned back. Everyone besides James who was preparing his stance for a dive. Lancelot took note of his stride, his club, and his stance.
On reflex, he scoffed.
"I don't think you want to do that brother. Your stance is not right," Lancelot said, standing between his father and his brother after giving the rest of the men curt nods. It was only to Lee that he smiled faintly. Albert replied his curt nod with a cold stare, before focusing his attention on James.
"I know," James called out, without turning to him.
"So is your club, and your stride," he spoke again. Folding his arms across his chest.
James grit his teeth before turning to his older brother.
"And who shows up to a golf course in suit pants? Huh? Brother?" James asked. The tone in which the last word slipped out of his mouth almost made it seem like he regretted the fact, or hated it. Edward scoffed and allowed his gaze to fall to Lancelot.
"Lance obviously." The spite in his voice could not be missed.
"I thought this was supposed to be a family affair," Lancelot spoke, focusing his gaze on his father who did but anything to make sure his eyes didn't meet Lancelot's.
"We are all the men of this family, so I called us all here," Edward spoke, still not risking a glance at Lancelot.
In his heart, Bailey sought for a topic of discussion to ease the tension. When he caught sight of the way Lancelot's nostrils twitched violently, he sighed.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Say Lance, you're starting to over work yourself these days. You need to come out and have a drink sometime," Bailey called out, playfully punching his nephew's arm. Lancelot's cold gaze fell on his.
"Yes brother." James was standing in front of him now.
"You should come have a drink with me. In the club, b*** some w***..." James paused for a while, feigning a thoughtful expression before his lips folded with pity.
"Ouch. Forgive me brother. I seemed to have forgotten that you have decided to tie Bran's chosen mate to your bed..." The words rolled out of James's tongue with all the venom that had arranged the words in his head. In front of him, Lancelot's fists rolled into balls, tight balls.
"I mean, I had known you would inherit all that belonged to him, but his woman? I thought better of you Lance." It was Albert's voice that caused Lancelot to look away from James's face.
By God, if he heard one more word about his older brother, he was going to...
"Boys!"
Edward's voice called all of them back to order.
"Now I don't know what is going on here, but I would advice that you all save the beast you are about to unleash on yourselves, for the hunt!" Edward scolded in anger. How many more years until they learnt to see eye to eye? If they didn't get along now, what would happen after he is gone?
He focused his gaze on his now eldest son. With his stance, Edward could tell that if he had not stopped them from talking, James would have been on the floor with blood oozing out of his nose.
"Lance, you should know better. Your coronation is barely a month away and the hunt is even closer! Just two barely three weeks away! You know how important the ritual is to your coronation. My father and his father before him set a record that I lived up to, one that I am expecting you to surpass!..." He stopped to look over at the three young men.
"You should be training together, not devising new means to tear each other apart!"
"Everything would be easier if Lancelot remembered his place," James spoke up again, stubbornly looking straight into Lancelot's eyes.
Self control. Self control. Self control. Lancelot continued to repeat the words to himself. If he threw the kind of punch he sought to throw at James's face, he was certain his brother would lose his nose and his two middle incisors for life. "James!"
"No father! Let me speak." James tore his gaze from Lancelot and fixed it on Edward's.
"Lancelot needs to understand that he has to stop trying so hard to fit into shoes that do not belong to him. These shoes do not belong to you!"
Bitter. His brother was filled with bitterness. And now, looking him in his eyes, Lancelot knew why.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
It wasn't about Bran. It had never been about Bran.
Lancelot chuckled. A gesture that infuriated James all the more.
"Why don't you stop acting like all of this is about Bran? You and I know it isn't and it has never been," Lancelot spoke. The calm edge of his tone caused James to look like an angry fool standing in front of him. A forced chuckled came from James.
"There you go again brother, acting like you know every goddamn thing."
"Perhaps, after I beat you at today's game and reduce you to nothing but a pup at the hunt, you would understand that I, as a matter of fact, do know everything."
It was there in James's gaze and stance. The defeat, the sudden humility and subtle humiliation. He stepped away from Lancelot and tightened his grip on his club.
If there was anything he knew about his brother, it was that Lancelot was never one to make empty threats.
Albert, who had been silently watching the display by the two brothers, was triggered by Lancelot's last statement.
"You might want to lessen the words that come out of your mouth Lancelot, so that there won't be too many words to swallow," he spoke, slowly walking towards the part of the field Lancelot stood. Lancelot drank in the sight of his cousin. The one person that resembled him in height and beauty. Albert also had the same domineering presence around him, but his was always forced. Lancelot's lips curved in a one sided smile. Albert was not worth battling words with.
"Now, I am not one to gamble, but would you put your money on it?" Albert asked with a smirk. He was openly challenging Lancelot, in front of all the men in the family.
If his catch turned out to be greater than Lancelot's, it would be a great win for him. And he desired and craved that win more than anything else. However, Lancelot had a better idea.
"You and I know that money lost won't mean anything to the both of us. But, I'll place the bet," Lancelot spoke, moving closer to Albert, so he stood face to face with him. "When I win you, I would own sixty percent of your properties. And if you win, you can have seventy percent of mine."
Albert's eyes narrowed at Lancelot, who threw him a flashy smile. Albert wanted to back out, but his pride would not let him.
"It's a bet."
"Very well gentlemen. We have our bet." He looked around him, before narrowing his eyes at his cousin.
"Be warned Albert. I would show you absolutely no mercy."
###CHAPTER 18: PLEASE LET THIS BE THE ONE
She crammed another handful of popcorn into her mouth as she tilted her left ear to her shoulder to hold her phone in place.
"You're sure it's okay if I stay out tonight?" Emily asked, from the other end of the phone.
Roxanne, whose eyes were fixed on the television in front of her, nodded her head in affirmation. As if Emily could see her from the voice call.
"Roxy! I'm serious. If it's not okay and you need me, I can come back right now and..." Roxanne tried to laugh in a way that won't require her to choke on her popcorn.
"Are you watching Real Housewives of Atlanta again?" Emily queried.
"No, no," Roxanne said after swallowing her popcorn.
"I'm seeing wags. The show would be over soon and I'll just go to bed..."
"Once it's done," Emily cut in.
Roxanne laughed. "Once it's done."
"Promise me you'll call me if you need me," Emily said again. Roxanne placed her bowl of popcorn on the center table in front of her and smiled. She removed her phone from her shoulder and pressed it to her right ear with her right hand. "No, I won't. Come on, we talked about this just this afternoon Emily. I need you to live your life, go out and have fun..."
"I will Roxy, but..."
"You're not on pills, so make sure he uses a c***." With that, Roxanne ended the call while laughing and placed her phone on DND (Do Not Disturb) because she knew Emily would definitely want to call her back. With that, she placed her phone on the table, to enjoy the rest of her now favorite reality TV series.
Another ten minutes into the show, the sound of the doorbell caused Roxanne to pause her show and look up from the TV screen.
She clicked the home button of her phone to look at the time. Just ten minutes had passed.
Had Emily seriously returned home after trying to call her? Besides Emily, there was nobody else who would be at her door by such a time.
It was already 8:30 pm and she had not ordered pizza, so, it definitely had to be Emily.
Roxanne had already prepared to laugh at her friend to scorn. How is it that Emily did not want to be a mother, yet, was one of the most "motherly people" Roxanne knew?
Laughing, Roxanne rose from her couch and took slow strides to the front.
"Emily, you know you're definitely cra..." She stopped talking when she opened the door.
Her heart fell. Something like anger and pain began to boil in the pit of her stomach again.
She had already walked out of their lives, so what the f*** was this man doing at her door by 8:36pm, and drunk out of his mind too.
Roxanne looked over him in reflex. There was no one behind him, nothing as well.
Roxanne found herself sighing in relief that he hadn't drove here. In his condition, God knows what would have happened to him.
He raised his eyes to meet hers. He reeked of alcohol and sweat.
Still looking down at him in disgust, Roxanne couldn't tell whether to send him to hell and slam the door in his face, or to bring him in first, send him to hell, send him out then slam the door in his face. "Roxy!" Jonah called out, staggering as he struggled to keep his stance. Right now, he was the definition of f*** up.
Roxanne's eyes lifted up, in order to look away from him.
She pulled him inside the house and shut the door behind her. She watched him fall on her couch with his legs spread open. His tie was loose and the first two buttons of his sleeved red shirt were off.
Roxanne had often wondered what it would be like to be alone with Jonah after all that had happened. She had often imagined what it would be like to look at him again. But now that he was here, she only felt three things. Three things which were not normally supposed to coexist; anger, pity and indifference.
"Roxy, I'm so tired."
Roxanne stood across him, her arms folded under her b*** as she watched him mutter almost inaudibly.
"I'm so sorry Roxy, I miss you so much."
Roxanne scoffed bitterly. She moved to the table to pick up her phone.
"That's it, I'm calling the cops to take you away."
"No! Please don't."
Roxanne stopped on her tracks and turned to him. She cast him a disgusted glance again before taking her stance.
"And why should I not?"
"I'm here to apologise Roxy, I hurt you..."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"No, no. Nope." She waved her hands in the air dramatically.
"I don't want that Jonah, save it."
"But you have to know Roxanne. Rayla, she ..." He paused, a faint hiccup erupted from his throat.
"She trapped me into all of this. She s*** me and got pregnant with my child. I had to take responsibility for it Roxy, I had to do the right thing."
Her eyes widened in disbelief, chuckling bitterly.
The right thing? Did he just say "the right thing"? The right thing would have been to not put himself in a position to cheat on her with her twin sister! The right thing would have been him gathering the balls to tell her to her face. And not cower behind her sister and stupid emails!
"I thought that after marrying her, I would fall for her and get over you. But, I was lying to myself. Rayla is nothing like you. She's..." He paused to sniff back his tears.
"She's incorrigible, pathetic, selfish, proud, she's a bloody psychopath! I can't take it anymore Roxanne, you have to help me please. Just let me stay with you. I can't go back home to Rayla. Ever since we lost the baby, there's been nothing for me to live for. I want you back Roxanne. I..."
He fell on his knees and began to crawl to where she stood. Dumbstruck with more anger than shock, her gaze lowered to him as he knelt in front of her.
"Nothing makes sense anymore Roxy. I could file for a divorce, me and you can be happy again."
That was the last straw for Roxanne. Why wouldn't they just leave her alone? Had her family not put her through enough already? They wouldn't let her be with them, still, they found one way or the other to torture her. Jonah had the guts to come to her house drunk and pitiful. Maybe the booze had given him the guts. Still, Roxanne felt insulted, terribly insulted.
"It's time for you to go home Jonah."
On hearing her, he fell to the floor and continued to wail.
Roxanne frowned and lowered herself to him. She thought of calling Rayla to come and pick him up, but decided against it.
She knew she could not bare to look at her sister's face now.
So, she lifted him from the floor and flung his hand over her shoulders. She pulled him to herself so that she could control his stance. She walked him out of her house and waited for a taxi to pull up in front of her.
After giving the taxi man the description of his house, she paid the man and helped him with a twenty dollar tip. She didn't have much money to spare, but she knew the man was going to need it.
"That is for the extra stress. I really hope you're well familiar with the address. He is not in a position to answer any questions."
The driver took an uncertain look at Jonah before forcing a reassuring smile. After all, she had paid extra for whatever baggage the drunk man came with.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You have nothing to worry about miss."
With that, Roxanne stood straight and watched the taxi driver off.
It was only when she had her back against her door, did she realise that she had been sweating profusely ever since. Still with her back against her door, she locked it and did a ten seconds breathing exercise to calm her nerves down. Seeing Jonah had exhausted her, terribly.
As she walked to the living room, she noticed that she no longer had the zeal to watch her show, or the appetite to finish the popcorn.
Annoyed and tired, she walked to the study table beside the kitchen door. She pulled out the wooden chair and settled into it. Her laptop was on the table, staring back at her.
She was going to rummage through it for some good news, no matter how small. Something just had to make her smile.
Roxanne thought of calling Emily. But she knew her best friend's night would be ruined if she let her know that Jonah was here.
No, she couldn't do that.
As her eyes danced around her home screen, she saw a notification pop up.
Roxanne's heart skipped a beat, a joyous beat.
When she clicked it, it was a job ad from a site she had signed up for. It was the one who had provided her with all job offers. Now, there was a new one and she was ready to try again.
"Dankworth Technology Corporations, New York, USA now has an opening for the job of a sales marketer. If you meet the requirements below, please send your CV to the email attached to this mail and await a response. Thank you," Roxanne read aloud.
Instantly, her eyes skimmed through the requirements. When she realised that she met all of it, she clicked the email link and smiled.
She smiled! She smiled!
Alas, something had made her smile.
She only hopes in her heart.
"Please, let this be the one."
###CHAPTER 19: TETE A TETE
Edward, after watching the dramatic display of his sons and nephew at the golf course the previous evening, decided it was best to have a word with Lancelot the next morning.
There was a lot that father and son had to discuss. Since his return, Edward had tried to find a means for both of them to discuss. But all his efforts had proven futile. So, when he found his son on the terrace of the palace, Edward knew this was an opportunity he could not miss.
He took slow strides towards where his son stood. Arms spread across the brick railings.
"Son," he called out. Lancelot turned to him.
"Father. Aren't you supposed to be visiting the orphanage with mother today?" Lancelot asked, a slightly suspicious gaze aimed at his father.
"I should be. But I have more pressing issues to handle."
Lancelot looked over his sixty five year old father one last time. Alpha of the London Pride pack and his father, Edward stood as tall as his son, even taller. Lancelot knew he had inherited his father's jawline, height, and charisma. But his aura of authority, his hair and his eyes were strictly his mother's.
The two were a perfect combination. While his mother was hard headed, authoritative and spontaneous, his father was calm, meek and intelligent. It could never have been better.
"Which would be?" he asked.
Edward moved to his son's side.
"You, Lancelot."
Lancelot fought back the urge to roll his eyes.
"Father..."
"Listen Lancelot, I know and I understand how hard all of this must be for you. It is one thing to be born into power, it is another thing for it to be bestowed on you, especially when you don't really want it..." "Father..."
"No Lance. I want you to know that I feel what you feel. I see how hard you're trying to be perfect. How hard you're trying to meet up to everyone's expectations, including your mother's and mine's. We have been extremely tough with you, but it's only because we know what it means to be at the top of affairs. To have so many enemies waiting on you to misstep. Up here where I stand above the helm of affairs, is a wild jungle. A wild one. Only the toughest can survive and I know you're tough." He paused to take a good look at his son.
"I just need you to believe it. James and Albert? They are only a fickle of the adversity you would face when you're finally crowned Alpha King. There would be so many then who would want to kill you, so many who would hate you just for being yourself. I have no doubt that you would make me proud Lancelot, starting with the hunt."
Lancelot's eyes rested on his father's once more.
The hunt.
The ritual which was to take place seven days before his coronation, was the first significant ritual to his beginning of life as the Alpha King. He had a responsibility to bring back the best catch. Even if he didn't, it would not affect his coronation, but it was an unspoken rule that he had to adhere to.
Plus, he had a bet to win.
Lancelot nodded and looked away from his father.
"James needs to be put under control, nonetheless," he finally spoke up after his father's long speech.
Edward chuckled and placed a hand on his son's shoulder.
"You're Alpha King, you should know how to do that."
Before Lancelot could manage an equally humorous and witty retort, Edward turned his back to his son and exited the terrace.
Lancelot scoffed and turned his face back to the garden below him. He was going to enjoy the view and think less about everything.
It was nothing less than thirty minutes when Lancelot heard someone call his name, snapping him out of his range of thoughts. Since his father left, he found it hard to think about anything order than his life after coronation. Right before his thoughts wandered back to America and all that had come with it, including the woman.
Lancelot wanted to desperately find a way to forget about her. Her face was all Ziko thought of day and night. Her name continued to resound in his head every passing hour. Ziko yearned for his mate, needed his mate. Mate.
His mate.
The word suddenly became scary. His mate was supposed to be by his side and be crowned his Luna queen on the day of his coronation. Still, he had found it impossible to tell his family about her.
How would he say it? That as Alpha King, he was going to pick a human, not just any human, but an American one, as his Luna Queen.
Madeline would have his head, and James would laugh him to scorn. There would be nothing that would save him from the wrath of the Dankworth family. Absolutely nothing. "Sir Lancelot."
When Lancelot finally acknowledged the voice, he turned around to see Peter standing behind him. A laptop opened up in his arms.
Lancelot looked over the man, eyes saddled with a silent query. Peter knew better than to let Lancelot ask what it was. He made it his point of duty to speak up first.
"There was a call from the Manhattan branch earlier this morning. The managing director said they have began the process of recruitments."
Lancelot's eyes narrowed at Peter. He couldn't believe the man thought it best to interrupt him for such a trivial issue, when it could have been said anytime. Including when he was doing his usual evening training and work out. "Of course they should. I don't pay them thousands of dollars for nothing."
Peter sighed. He knew it was going to be hard convincing his boss to go over the name of possible recruits. Still, he needed him boss to look at it. It was very important that he did so.
"So, they emailed you a solid bio-data of all the intending recruits and the curriculum vitae. You should go through each and narrow down the list of applicants, so they can know who to invite for the physical interview," Peter spoke up, looking up from the name he was staring at in the laptop, to his boss.
"And you can't do it because?"
"Sir. It is your company, your establishment, you know what you want. You wouldn't want me picking just anybody with a CV I find worthy. You're a highly intelligent man and you know what is required of all your workers, only you can do this sir." Please God. Just let him check it. Peter prayed silently.
Lancelot shot a glare at Peter, since when had he come lazy?
"Peter Robertson. You're going to go over the documents," Lancelot said, the definite tone in his voice caused Peter to shrink under his gaze.
What was he going to do now?
"Alright sir. But the document also needs your signature. There is a file attached to the email that needs your signing. I cannot do that on my own sir," Peter lied. He prayed that his lie would work, and also not cost him his job. Lancelot shrugged as he pulled away from the railings he had been leaning on.
"Fine, let's go to my room. I'll take a look at it and sign it there."
Peter did a celebratory dance in his head. Alas! His plan had worked, the goddess had answered his prayers. Now, he just hoped that when his boss found out he was lying, he would focus on the more pressing issue at hand and allow him keep his job as a reward.
They walked down from the terrace into the flight of stairs, then into the corridor of rooms and headed straight for Lancelot's.
When they got in, Peter closed the door behind him and stood at the door until Lancelot was properly seated on his study table. He waited for the go ahead.
"Bring it here," Lancelot ordered.
Peter took slow strides towards Lancelot and finally placed the laptop in front of him.
Lancelot's eyes grazed Peter's small frame once again. He couldn't help but notice the sketchy looks and stance Peter was taking. It was almost as though there was something he was hiding.
The thought caused Lancelot to frown. If Peter was indeed keeping a secret that concerned him away from him, he would feel his full wrath if he ever found out.
And Lancelot knew he would. Nothing was ever hidden from him for long, nothing. Whatever he sought to find, he found. Whatever he sought to have, he had. And nothing would ever change that fact.
"I would take my leave now sir," Peter spoke up when Lancelot's eyes finally rested on the laptop.
"No, stay," Lancelot spoke, without looking away from the screen.
"But sir, there are a lot of things I need to set up for your..."
He stopped talking when Lancelot's gaze commanded him to be quiet.
"Stay," was all he said again.
He was going to keep Peter close to him. Get under his skin until he blurted out whatever the f*** he was hiding.
But before that, he had official issues to attend to.
Lancelot continued to go through the names, sorted in alphabetical order.
When he found a person's profile interesting, he said the name out loud so that Peter typed it down in his mobile note.
He was impressed with a lot of their portfolios, but Lancelot only needed the...
That was when his eyes met her passport photograph etched in the copy of her ID.
Subconsciously, his fists rolled into balls. His heart began to pound against his chest. He blinked twice, to make sure that he wasn't hallucinating.
Had she gotten so deep into his head that he now saw her face in another person's photograph? Or was he slowly going mad?
The name. He thought.
The name would solve everything. He would see that it wasn't her and he would make sure he went on the run Doctor Flinn advised him too, before he went any crazier.
His eyes skimmed through the name on the CV beneath the ID card, and his lips spread out so he said it aloud.
"Roxanne Harvey."
###CHAPTER 20: NOT AGAIN!
His eyes skimmed through the name on the CV beneath the ID card, and his lips spread out so he said it aloud. "Roxanne Harvey."
How? How could this even be possible? How could this be happening? He had worked - and was currently working
so hard to get her and her memories out of his mind, despite Ziko's stubbornness.
And here she was again! Strolling into his life as she deemed fit? He had not asked to look up from his car and see her attempting to strangle Peter, on the day they met. He had not asked to attend that wedding party where he found himself being drawn to her very essence. He had not asked to mark her in the most ceremonious way while having the best sex of his life.
Maybe, just maybe he had enjoyed all of it, but he had not asked for any of them.
Neither did he ask for her to appear from nowhere! And in the most conventional or unconventional- of ways.
Just who did she think she was to disappear, break him, and then reappear like his life was hers to torment?
"Mate!" Ziko growled within him.
Furious, Lancelot slapped the laptop shut. The force with which he did so made Peter wince, fearing the fate of his laptop screen.
Mate. Mate. Mate. That was all he heard Ziko cry for. Was that the only thing he knew how to say? They were supposed to be one, therefore, no matter how impossible it might seem, they had to try to forget about the silly American woman, TOGETHER.
"Oh shut up!" Lancelot yelled at Ziko, rising from the chair. When his force caused the chair to collide with the ground, Peter's eyes fell to the poor wooden . He, himself, made sure that he stepped away from Lancelot. His boss was clearly not in a good mood.
Peter did not know how he had expected Lancelot to react, but he couldn't say he was surprised at how quickly his emotions had... gotten the better of him.
"Whatever shall we..." Peter stopped taking when Lancelot's eyes fell on his small frame.
Nervous, he coughed to clear his throat and straightened his posture.
"What will you do now sir? Given the current situation of things," he asked. He was eager to know Lancelot's next line of action.
Frankly, Lancelot did not know what he was to do. Or what he wanted to do, but he did know one thing; he had to take Ziko for the run Doctor Flinn told him about.
It was time he and Ziko began to see eye to eye on some certain issues.
Lancelot rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and stood in front of his mirror. "I'm going on a run," he said, grimly. Not even sparing Peter a glance.
"Sir, I was talking about ..."
"I would not need your company Peter. You would stay here and finish the rest of the document. I shall return whenever I shall return."
With that, Lancelot was out of his room door, even before Peter could make an affirmative statement.
After leaving his room, Lancelot ran blindly down the wooden steps. As he did, he struggled to take deep breaths, he needed to breathe, he needed to clear his thoughts; he needed to think.
When he got to the foot of the stairs, he met Ava and his mother just about to climb up.
Madeline raised her brow at her son and looked over his rough appearance.
"And where might you be off to in such a hurry... and such a mess?"
Lancelot simply spared Madeline a courtesy kiss on her cheek before brushing past her and Ava.
There were more pressing things on his mind right now, more things than Madeline cared to know.
Outside the walls of the Dankworth palace, Lancelot stood at the foot of the huge mahogany doors. It was already 6 pm by European time, the cool evening breeze washed through his skin, causing the dark hairs on his body to stand in attention to the cold sensation the breeze left behind after passing him.
Sighing, Lancelot looked around one last time. When he was sure no one was looking, he lowered his posture, placed both hands on his left knee, pushing his right leg behind him. He shook his head vehemently.
"Clear your thoughts," Doctor Flinn had said.
Right now, he would do just that.
Lancelot lowered his gaze to the ground. Doing so, he counted down from ten to one in his head. Slowly, he rose his head up to examine the area around his house. He would run out through the gates, past the manor, past the stables, past the golf course and wonder into the forest. There, he would unleash and take off with Ziko.
When he blinked for the second time, Lancelot picked up his pace and dashed out with full speed.
Run. Run. Run. He would run until his legs failed him. And even then, he would continue to run until he was sure he was brave enough to face the truth; the truth of his real feelings for her.
Somewhere above him, standing on the terrace and looking down at him, was Ava frowning. Whatever was wrong with him was surely taking his mind away from the one thing he should have been focusing on; her.
And by the goddess, she swore to find out whatever it was. Then, she would put an end to it, once and for all. When she saw him run past the gates, she scoffed and turned away. Nothing was going to hinder her from getting what she wanted, absolutely nothing.
Just as he said he would, he continued to run past the trees, the grasses, the buildings, the stables, and when he stepped foot into the outskirts of the estate, he stopped to breathe. "You can run, but you can't hide," Ziko said from within him.
Lancelot was furious. At Ziko, at himself, at her.
Why wouldn't they all just leave him in peace? He had more than enough on his plate already. Here he was, thinking about the only thing that he had ever thought of; his place as Alpha King of his pack. His coronation was in twenty six days. He was supposed to be getting prepared, he was supposed to be getting himself ready; both physically, mentally and emotionally.
Yet, here he was. Running, running as though it could take him far away from her. Far away from his thoughts and whatever cursed emotions he was feeling right now.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She snuck into his life like a thief in the night. Stealing his peace and tranquility, threatening to make him doubt all that he had ever known. Lancelot Dankworth was always a man who knew what he wanted and knew just how to get it. But for the first time in his life, he was confused.
Lancelot looked around the vast expanse of land and extremely tall trees. When he had taken in enough of the scenery, he dashed on his heels again. Picking up and doubling his speed as he ran deeper into the forest.
"Why do you pretend as though I'm the only one who wants her?"
"Ziko. Not now. Please." Frustrated, Lancelot tried to plead with his wolf.
Ziko's speech wasn't helping matters, at all.
"I am not just drawn to her because she is my mate...our mate."
"Then why else do you want her for f*** sake?!" Lancelot screamed. Ziko was exhausting him. Between running and yelling at him, Lancelot barely had time to breathe.
Ziko stayed silent. Lancelot was relieved. But, just when he thought he had silenced his wolf, Ziko spoke up again.
"Because somewhere in you, you know you do too. I might have a soul of my own, but I am also a part of you. A part of you that is connected to your desires. You don't want her because I want her, I want her because you want her." "That's ridiculous..." He was still running.
"You're a wolf. You found and marked your mate, you cannot forget that. There isn't a world in which you can put her memories behind you, but I can..." He stopped talking to shake his head. "And I will."
"You won't Lance." Ziko was now as definite as Lancelot normally was. It was the one thing Lancelot and his wolf had in common; when they wanted something, they got it, no matter the cost. "I won't let you," Ziko continued.
"You do not understand the situation I am here, do you?! You just mark whoever you want and I am supposed to bear the consequences!"
"Whatever are you yelling for, Lance? I only marked her, because she was my mate!" Ziko was growing angry within him. The two males were currently infuriating each other.
"And I'm the one who has to stand before my family and tell them that!"
"Ahah!" Ziko sounded faintly amused this time. It angered Lancelot all the more.
"So that is your fear? Your family? Your mother?"
"I fear no one," Lancelot snapped back. He heard Ziko growl within him.
"You could have fooled me."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Why are we even discussing this? I shall speak about this topic no longer than I already have," Lancelot spoke and wished he could believe it.
Closing his eyes, Lancelot picked up his pace and ran further into the forest. Faster, quicker, swifter, he became every second, until Ziko howled within him and conquered his human form with his wolf form. Even on four legs, his pace did not reduce, until he had run out of breath.
As Ziko slowed down, falling to the ground, Lancelot's human form returned, his body face to face with the grass.
The run was thrilling, exciting. Ziko had frustrated him for most of it, still lying down on one of nature's finest achievements-grass- he couldn't help but chuckle.
Doctor Flinn was right. Now that he had worn himself out by running, it did seem as though his thoughts were... Clearer.
Although, Lancelot knew that the moment Ziko opened his mouth to speak, everything would change.
But now, Lancelot felt like he knew just what to do. After the brawl with Ziko, he had come to understand that he and wolf had one thing in common; they could not find it within them to stay away from her. The crazy American who had managed to shake his high walls. The walls he had spent fourteen years of his life building around himself.
When he found the strength to rise up again, he took slow strides back to the palace, even though it took him one long hour to do so.
When he walked past the gates and made his way to the palace door, he found Peter there, pacing about with a worried look on his face. Peter rose up his eyes to search for his boss again. When their eyes met, he heaved a sigh of relief as he walked swiftly towards him. "Sir..."
"Book us the first flight that leaves for New York tomorrow."
Peter was visibly taken aback.
"Sir?"
Lancelot's eyes acknowledged his presence for the first time since he walked up to him.
"Need I repeat myself?"
Peter swallowed hard and shook his head vehemently.
"No sire, but..."
"Very well then, a goodnight to you as well Peter."
With that, Lancelot walked into the palace, leaving a smiling Peter behind him.
###CHAPTER 21: SHE WAS SMILING
It was 6 am when the ringtone of his phone caused him to wake up from his sleep.
Lancelot g*** as his eyelids parted. He had always been an early riser, but he didn't mind waking up late every now and then, especially when he had dreams like the one whoever was calling had just rudely interrupted. In his dream, he had seen her, but he would not go into details about that now.
Frowning, he turned to his bedside drawer where his phone lay in. When he saw the caller ID, he sprung up immediately. He clicked the answer icon and pressed the phone to his right ear.
As he did, Lancelot caught sight of his chest in his mirror. The hair on his skin was beginning to overgrow, he made a mental note to get rid of the rough parts of it later.
"Peter?"
"Good morning sir, I take it from the sound of your voice that I have just interrupted your sleep."
Lancelot's brows furrowed in annoyance. What was wrong with this man?
"I am hoping for your sake that you did not wake me up to talk about work," Lancelot spoke. The dangerous tone in his voice told Peter that if Lancelot didn't see his reason for waking him up a good one, he would be in serious trouble. Luckily, it was.
"My apologies sir. It is only that the flight I booked for us leaves in..." There was a short antagonizing pause.
"Forty five minutes."
Lancelot's gaze widened.
"And you didn't see it fit to call me earlier?!" His feet were on the ground now as he ran his free fingers down the rough mess of hair he had on his head.
"I can always arrange another one if we miss this one," Peter said in a serious tone, but Lancelot had worked with the man long enough to know that he was secretly making fun of him.
"Mock me all you want Robertson, but if I miss this flight, you miss your next month pay check," Lancelot spoke as he hurried to the door of his bathroom.
"Oh my! I shall be there to assist you in getting ready sir, I'm on my ..."
Lancelot hung up the phone and walked closer to his bed, before flinging the gadget on his bed. He did so in a haste, but not without caution to make sure that it didn't fall to the ground and break. Lancelot did his human best to make sure that he was ready to leave in twenty minutes. Luckily, he had packed all personal and official things he would need on his trip, the night before.
He was grateful for his traveler's instinct. Lancelot had felt that Peter would not be able to book an early flight, he had anticipated to leave by 12 pm after a short but successful banter with his mother. Lancelot knew Madeline would still be fast asleep. His mother never rose from bed before 8am. Her sleep was one of the many things she took very seriously.
However, today it would work to her son's advantage.
By 6:25 am, Peter was struggling to carry Lancelot's suitcase down the steps. The man wondered what it was Lancelot always carried that made his luggage awfully heavy.
Butler Lee was walking up the steps when he saw Lancelot hurrying down, Peter was behind him, struggling with a black box.
Lee's questioning eyes rested on Lancelot.
"Where is my mother?" Lancelot stopped to ask him.
"In her bed Chambers, still fast asleep," Lee replied, looking over Lancelot to the big box Peter carried. Lancelot took note of the man's gaze and chuckled lightly.
"I'm heading to New York, something very important came up," Lancelot said hurriedly, walking past Lee.
"Young master! What shall I tell the Luna when she's up?! She would have my head for allowing you out of the palace without her permission."
"Then I shall be sure to make a generous donation to the success of your burial ceremony!" Lancelot called out over his shoulder, not sparing the old man a glance. Seemingly frustrated, Lee's eyes fell on Peter who was still struggling.
"He would be back in latest a week. He wanted you to pass that message to the Luna."
Before Lee could reply, Peter walked ahead of him as well, still struggling to catch up with his boss.
Inside the car, Lancelot continued to rub his sweaty palms against the fabric of his sea blue suit pants. It was cold outside, even colder in the Tesla due to the air conditioner, still, beads of sweat formed on his forehead and gathered in his palm. "Perhaps we should lower the temperature sir? You're sweating," Peter said, after noticing Lancelot's predicament.
Lancelot frowned and turned his eyes to him.
"Focus on whatever it is you're doing," Lancelot said, brushing him off. Sighing, Peter returned his eyes to the iPad on his lap.
Lancelot just wished the man would leave him alone. How could Peter not see that he was not in the mood for small talk? Here he was, slowly losing his mind from all the pent up anxiety he dared not show or speak about, and Peter was sitting by him worried about nothing but the temperature?!
Lancelot bit his lower lip and sighed. Just why exactly was he getting mad at Peter? The man was only doing his job.
Transferred aggression. He heard his subconscious say.
Indeed, he was transferring all his anger and every other thing he felt, turning it into irritation and leaving it on the poor man's head. Peter had worked too hard to deserve that, but Lancelot would not apologize. He paid Peter too well to do
so.
So he stayed quiet for the rest of the drive to the airport.
They boarded a first class flight on American Airlines to New York.
As Lancelot settled into his seat, he couldn't keep his thoughts straight. He was going to see her now, what did he intend to do? What did he intend to say?
How was he going to cope with seeing her again after she had abandoned him? Snuck out of his life just the same way she had snuck in, only quieter. "Lemonade sir?"
Lancelot sighed in annoyance. Why did everyone decide to cut into his thoughts today?
He looked away from the white clouds the window graced his sight with and set his eyes on the thin blonde woman in front of him. From her accent, Lancelot could tell she was French. And no, he did not want a lemonade.
What he wanted right now might have smelt like fresh lemons the first time they had met, but she certainly wasn't a lemonade.
When he dismissed her, Lancelot's eyes rested on Peter who was currently staring at him. When their eyes met, Peter cleared his throat and turned his gaze away.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
What was it with his assistant these days? Lancelot thought. The man was beginning to move in suspicious ways. First, he made sure Lancelot went through the document knowing that Roxanne was part of the applicants. Secondly, he had been cautiously looking at him to take note of his every expression.
What exactly did Peter have planned in his head this time?
"Out with it," Lancelot said, calling out to Peter.
Wide eyed, Peter sat up, straightened his posture and cleared his throat.
"I only wanted to say that I have made arrangements for a five-star hotel. Exquisite and luxurious, one of the best in the state. You're going to enjoy every second of your stay sir, I promise you," Peter replied.
Lancelot only replied by nodding his head. The man seemed a little too eager to announce a hotel reservation.
It was obvious Lancelot would have to wait to see what other aces Peter was hiding up his white sleeves.
When they touched down at New York, a special cab was waiting at the airport for them. It was a silent one hour drive to the hotel. Lancelot found himself wondering why Peter had not booked the previous hotel they had stayed in. For all he could remember, that one had been closer to the airport.
The journey from road to sky, then road again was driving Lancelot mad. He needed to be under a cold shower or soaking himself in warm water. The both had a way of stretching out his bones and calming his nerves.
And he needed the two right now.
However, Lancelot knew that he only had a little time, and the interview was the next Thursday. Six days away from now. That wouldn't work. He thought.
They would have to move the date forward, to Monday.
Thinking out loud, he turned to Peter.
"What do you say we move the date further, to Monday?"
Peter heightened his gaze to meet Lancelot's.
"On such short notice?"
"They should be able to." Lancelot's tone was not that of a suggestion, it was definite tone that yelled "so shall it be." Peter knew this, and so he picked up his phone to dial the managing director's number. "Hello sir. Yes, it is I, Peter Robertson. Mr. Dankworth and I have just arrived the city... Yes, the boss decided it was important he is present...yes, about that..." He paused to look up at Lancelot again. Lancelot nodded, a sign for Peter to go ahead.
"Mr. Dankworth has just notified me that he would like the date for the interview to be moved to Monday..." A faint chuckle escaped his lips, earning him a raised brow from Lancelot.
"No, not upper week Monday, this coming Monday... Yes, I understand, but..."
"Whoever is not present can forget about the job," Lancelot cut in, making sure his voice was audible enough to be heard from the other end of the line.
"You heard the boss," Peter said, chuckling nervously.
"Yes...of course, thank you." He hung up immediately.
"All done sir, the interview has been moved to Monday."
"Good," was all Lancelot said. He had more things in his mind to worry about.
The hotel room had been just as Peter said it would be. Lancelot had settled in perfectly, taken the bath he had so much longed for and was now going through the file with the list of applicants again. While Peter was making sure Lancelot's clothes were arranged neatly.
"What do you say we drive around to Tudor city, Mid-Manhattan? I just really feel like getting to understand this place," Lancelot said, addressing his question to Peter, even though his eyes remained on the copy of Roxanne's CV he had with him, in his laptop.
Peter's lips spread out in a knowing smirk.
"That would not be a problem sir. We are not quite far from there."
Lancelot wanted to laugh. So this was why he had not booked a room at their previous hotel! Peter had brought him here on purpose.
"Did you do this?" Lancelot couldn't help but ask. Just what was Peter trying to plan?
Peter feigned a lost and confused look.
"Whatever are you talking about sir?"
To that, Lancelot shook his head in amusement. The man was an absolute character.
Thirty minutes after Peter was done sorting out Lancelot's clothes, they boarded a cab to drive around the city.
As they approached the 40th street, where Tudor city was situated, Lancelot felt Ziko grow violent within him.
"What is it now?" Lancelot asked, although inaudibly.
"Mate!" Ziko yelled.
"What?"
"Mate! Left! Mate!"
On hearing this, Lancelot turned left just as Ziko had instructed.
It was then his world seemed to have stopped.
It was her, he couldn't mistake that smile for anything else. She was clad in a black sweater, hands locked with the black woman Lancelot recognized as her best friend. They had stepped out of the coffee shop with plastic cups in their hands. Laughing.
She was so happy, yet she had brought him nothing but agony and confusion.
"Mate!"
"Oh shut up!" Lancelot ordered. Earning him a stare from Peter who sat across him.
She was smiling. Even after everything she had put him through!
His fists curved into balls on top of his lap.
He would wipe that smile out of her face the moment he got the chance to.
###CHAPTER 22: GOOD, HE GOT HER THIS TIME
Her gaze flickered over her image in the mirror one more time. She ran her hands over her flat tummy. In the red suit pants and jacket she was wearing, she seemed to appear fierce and confident; everything that she was currently not. She looked up at her hair. The blonde strands had been tied above her head in a stiff ponytail. Her baby hair edges were perfectly laid by Emily, who she had woken up two hours ago to get it done.
Roxanne had repeated her mock interview in front of her mirror over and over, still, she was worried. Perhaps it was because of how sharp a contrast her red lipstick was from her complexion. Emily had said it would complete her "I'm the best woman for this job so don't f*** with me and pass such an opportunity" look. Roxanne didn't know if she agreed or not, what she knew now was that she was nervous as f***.
It was funny how she had long awaited this day, the day where she would finally be allowed to take a leap back into the labor force of the United States. But now that the day had come, she just wanted to crawl into bed and sink all her fears in cheese burgers.
However, she knew cheese burgers wouldn't help her write a check to pay her part of the rent. Emily had done so much already, she could not stress her friend any further.
Just then, Emily walked into the room with a bowl of cereal in her right hand, and her phone in her left. Her eyes lit up when she saw Roxanne's image in the mirror.
"Girl! You're looking like a million bucks!"
Roxanne rolled her eyes while smiling.
"However, I would only feel like a million bucks, AFTER I get the job."
"And you will baby girl." With this, Emily settled into Roxanne's bed with a smile.
"You know, the last time you said something like this..." Roxanne paused and turned to Emily, with a sarcastic smile on her face.
"... I lost my job."
Dramatically, Emily's hand flew to her chest as she feigned a heart broken expression.
"Ouch. Slow burn."
Roxanne laughed.
"I didn't mean it like that..."
"I know, I know, but at least you're smiling. I'm doing a good job as a life coach, aren't I?"
"Maybe you should take it up as a more serious career."
"And so graciously ruin the lives of so many young people out there? Nope. I don't think so."
They both laughed in unison. But besides the laughter, Emily could see the hint of fear and anxiety in her friend's eyes.
"You're scared."
Roxanne couldn't hide it anymore. Emily had sniffed it right out of her like a hungry dog does its bone.
"I can't lie, I am."
"After two solid cups of coffee and one peppermint, come on now girl! Pepper mint solves everything!"
Roxanne rolled her eyes and walked to her bed where Emily lay in.
"I'm serious. I had hoped that I could get my nerves down before Thursday, but after they moved it forward to today, giving me just one weekend to prepare, I guess it kinda unnerved me more," as she spoke, she settled unto the edge of the bed, smiling sadly at her friend.
Emily's eyes softened. Her friend had been through a lot already. She hoped for Roxanne's sake that she would get the job today. Her friend needed one good news in her life after all the bad ones she had to come across ever since.
"This company is a new one, according to what you said. And here you are! With what? 5 years of experience in one of the biggest foreign exchange corporations in the entire country! Come on Roxanne, you're a walking gold mine. And if this company doesn't see it, it's their loss."
As Emily spoke, her right palm cupped Roxanne's cheek. Roxanne leaned her face into her palm and allowed herself relish in the warmth of her best friend's hands.
In Emily's words, she had found comfort. But still, she couldn't help the reply that escaped her lips.
"Yes, but the one who returns home unemployed and at a bigger loss."
Emily appeared thoughtful for some seconds, before she nodded in agreement.
"Yes. I quite agree with you on that one. But, we don't have to think about it too much, because you are going to come back here with an appointment letter..." Emily stopped to take a deep breath in as she closed her eyes. Roxanne couldn't help but roll her eyes. It wasn't a wonder how her best friend had become such a skilled artist. Emily was drama and art in all its essence.
"... I can feel it in my soul."
"The one that's dark with all the hate you have for everyone else in the world besides me? Oh please!" Roxanne spoke, laughing as she stood up. Emily smiled.
"You sure do play dirty, Roxanne Harvey."
"Can I help myself?" They both burst out laughing again and Roxanne took a quick look at the digital clock beside Emily.
"Oh, I have to run now, don't want to be late on my interview. First impression is the most important here."
Emily chuckled as she watched her friend scurry through her files. Roxanne hung the strap of her bag on her shoulder, blew Emily a kiss and opened the room door to leave. "Go shine baby girl!" Emily cheered loudly.
"I would!"
"You can take the car, for goodluck!"
"Thank you! I owe you a latte!" Roxanne called back, over her shoulder.
"Lattes are bought with money, you have to get a job first!" Emily teased.
"F*** you!" Roxanne called back, laughing.
Roxanne hurried out of her house, into the driveway of her house. Emily's blue car stood there, waiting on her.
At the sight of it, her mind did a swift travel back in time.
The last time she rode in that car, she met the most... unique stranger she had ever come across. His face flashed through her mind again.
She did not know anything about him, except his name. Oh! And his scent, how chiseled his abs were; the size of his c***...
Roxanne stopped there, as she took deep breaths in. A breathing exercise for when she felt anxiety wash over her.
"Let's just hope we don't run into any handsome strangers today," she said to herself as she moved to the car and entered into it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
When she arrived at the company's building, with the help of her Google map, she was taken aback. The building was simply... magnificent.
Right then, she knew that if she got a job here, the pay would be more than enough to set her up, from scratch.
And she wanted that. No, she needed that.
She walked briskly into the building, suddenly wishing she had listened to her guts and put on her white flats, instead of the white heels Emily insisted she wore. With them, it felt like she just wasn't walking fast enough.
The first room that greeted her was extremely large, with what appeared to be transparent glass tiles beneath her feet. There was a large, and circular glass table in front of her where a woman in blue sat, eyes fixed on the PC in front of her. Roxanne hurried towards the woman.
"Good morning, I'm here for the interview," Roxanne spoke aloud.
Beautiful Chinese. Roxanne thought, when the woman smiled politely at her.
"The fifth floor, the lobby by your left. You're number 30," the woman said, handing her a tag with the numbers on it.
Before Roxanne could say anything, the woman's eyes returned to the keyboard of her computer.
"Thank you," Roxanne muttered, hurrying to the direction of the elevator.
She entered into the first elevator that opened up to her. As she entered inside, she fought to steady her breathing and calm her nerves, but nothing she did was working.
Subconsciously, she dug her fingers into the files she was holding.
Poor papers, they didn't deserve to suffer for the faint anxiety attack she was having.
She wasn't alone in the elevator, but she was too far up in her head to take note of anyone else. She stepped out of it when it got to the fifth floor, and hurried into the corridor by her left.
She found people seated in chairs in front of an office. She took deep breaths before taking a seat beside a lady. Roxanne sighed as she looked over the woman. The red-haired had her eyes locked in a piece of paper. From what she saw, she could tell that the woman was... studying?
And so was everyone else around her!
Great. She had not brought a single material for study! How was she supposed to get a job when all these great minds were present?
Great Roxanne Harvey. Just great.
She fought to steady her posture as she leaned into her chair.
The door in front of them opened, everyone's eyes rose up simultaneously.
A well-dressed lady in a body con green dress stepped out of the office. Roxanne couldn't help but envy her. With a smile on her face, she was the epitome of grace, poise and confidence.
"I am sorry for the inconvenience this might cause, but we would now be calling the numbers in, from the back," the lady spoke.
The people around her murmured. Roxanne only looked blankly, she didn't know if she was lucky or unlucky.
"Number 32?" the lady called out.
Roxanne's heart beat quickened.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She was number 30! And apparently, 32 wasn't present!
The woman's eyes scanned the room.
"31?"
Just then, the door opened again and a woman stepped out, she had a smile on her face. When she leaned in to another lady, who from the look on her face, Roxanne could tell was her friend. Roxanne decided to eaves drop on their conversation.
"How was it?"
"Splendid I must say! The CEO was around..."
Roxanne's heart skipped a beat. She didn't do so well with CEOs.
"But he was mostly cold and aloof, didn't say a thing or ask a question," the woman said again.
Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief, a grateful sigh.
"Number 30 isn't present too?" the lady on green said aloud again. Her eyes fixed on the tag pinned to Roxanne's shirt.
Her voice snapped Roxanne back to the present. Flustered, she tried to gather her things and stand up.
"I'm present, I'm so sorry," Roxanne said, when she finally found her voice.
God! Why was she being so... She didn't even know what she was being at the moment.
"Hmm. Come with me," the lady said, only sparing her a nod before turning her back from them.
*****
Impatient, he had asked them to begin to call in the numbers from the back. Why was he yet to see her?
After the last lady had been dismissed, Lancelot fixed his gaze back into his laptop as he had been doing for most of the interview.
He was looking at her passport photograph again, patiently waiting on the moment she would walk in through the door. Melissa, his human resource manager opened the door and walked in again. Lancelot's eyes rose up when he heard the door close.
Behind her stood a very familiar figure, a figure he had been waiting all morning to see.
Only this time, she looked aloof. Like she wasn't supposed to be here. She looked scared, nervous. Her eyes continued to dance around the room, until they rested on the table he currently sat with other senior members of staff. "Come on, look at me," he thought to himself as he stared at her. He couldn't help the way his heart continued to thunder in his chest.
Suddenly, their eyes met. Once again, fire lit up in him.
Flames of desire seemed to engulf him immediately.
He grinned widely at her shock.
Good. He got her this time.
###CHAPTER 23: NOT WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR
When Roxanne stepped foot into the room, one thing and one thing only continued to ring in her head. "Run, you do not belong here."
Roxanne fought to steady her gaze on one thing in particular, but it was hard. This office was the definition of exquisite.
High and white polished walls, a rich mahogany wooden table that curved at both ends. At the other end of the table, seven people four men and three women were seated, eyes fixed on her.
Roxanne fought to tear her gaze away from the fine sculpture of the globe that rested at the end of the wall. She wondered what Emily would have to say about the sculpture; it was rich indeed.
When she finally managed to keep her eyes on the faces of the people in front of her, she took deep breaths in before resting her gaze on an elderly man. She only wondered if he was the CEO. Alexander had been about his age.
The man adjusted his spectacles and narrowed his eyes on Roxanne. She swallowed hard and looked away from him, sending her gaze to the woman in green, who now sat by his side.
Just like that, her eyes continued to roam from one face to the other, until her gaze fell on...
Roxanne's eyes widened, if her heartbeat had quickened before, it skipped several beats this time.
Subconsciously, she staggered back.
Here she was, staring at him. The one man she would have done anything to get away from. The one man that she did not want to see ever again.
Him. Lance.
What the hell was he even doing here?!
For a moment, Roxanne thought she saw him grin. A broad, yet evil grin. Before she had the chance to blink, the grin was gone and only a cold stare remained in his eyes. Roxanne flinched. What was even going on?
She found it hard to breathe now as she intertwined her two fingers in front of her.
"Miss Roxanne Harvey, I do not believe you'll like to have your interview standing. Or will you?"
The croaked masculine voice of the old man seated at the curved edge of the table forced her back to sanity.
She tried to steady her breathing as her eyes fell on him again. This time, she forced a smile.
If she was going to get this job, pleasing the CEO would be the first and most important thing to do. Therefore, she had to appear as confident and capable as she could to this older man.
So, with her smile on her face, her shaking fingers gripped the chair as she settled into it. She placed her file on her thighs as she crossed her legs and sat up.
"Shoulders and chin up," she whispered to herself. She straightened her posture, slightly peeping that of the lady in green she had admired earlier.
If she was going to win their hearts, she had to make sure she was so good that they couldn't say no to her, even if they wanted to.
Suddenly, she remembered that he was present in the room. But, she would not let her anxiety get the better of her. All she had to do was pretend he did not exist. "My apologies sir. I was rather... overwhelmed."
Roxanne finally said, when she found her voice. Her eyes were fixed on the old man who gave her a curt nod and turned to the lady by his side.
"Miss Roxanne Harvey," the lady in green spoke now, with her polished American accent.
Roxanne turned to her, her smile still plastered on her face.
"This board would like you to give us an insight to who you are..."
When Roxanne opened her mouth to speak, but the lady was faster.
"...besides what is in your CV, we are well aware of it all. We want to get to know you, as a person."
Melissa was smiling broadly, a genuine one that was supposed to make Roxanne relax, that was supposed to reassure her.
However, it did nothing but unnerve her the more.
They wanted to know about her. What would she tell them?
"Come on Roxy, settle down, you've got this," she muttered to herself.
On reflex, her gaze flickered to Lancelot's. His eyes narrowed on hers as if he was waiting for her to flop. Roxanne frowned within her. She would do more than surprise him, she would win the heart of this board and walk out of here... or at least, she would try.
Her smile broadened as she sat up, she cleared her throat.
"My name is Roxanne Harvey, as you already know. I was born and brought up in New York, even though I spent my earlier years in Brooklyn. I moved to Manhattan after college and I've been here..." She chuckled nervously. "...well, since then."
When she stayed quiet for few seconds, Melissa sighed and cleared her throat.
"Well, that was...insightful. We would be asking you few questions, we hope that's okay with you?"
Roxanne nodded. "Of course."
"Very well then. Why have you decided to work with us at Dankworth?"
Roxanne smiled. This time, it was genuine. She had expected this to be the first question they would ask, it always was.
And she knew just what to say.
"After I found the vacancy, I made sure to do a proper research on the company. Dankworth Technological Corporations has for a long time been the leading tech company. I believe that working for you would strengthen my portfolio and skills. "
From the corner of her eyes, she saw the men and women in front of her nod their heads. All except him; Lancelot.
"That was a very interesting one Miss Harvey," the man beside Melissa spoke this time. He could have been no more than twenty three, or even younger. Yet, he had found a seat at such a table. Roxanne couldn't help but admire and envy him. "Quite frankly, I do agree with you. You have told us why you need us. Now, we need to know why we need you," another man spoke.
Roxanne turned to him. What would she say now?
Why did they need her?
Did anyone ever really need her?
No. She shook away thoughts of doubt in her head. She would not let events of the past affect what her future could be.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"As you already know, I have five years of experience with LexCorp, a major foreign exchange company. While I worked there, I rose from the position of an intern to a senior sales manager. I wouldn't have been able to do so at such a company if I wasn't dedicated, and an asset to the company."
Yes. She had this. Just a little while longer.
"With your numerous contributions to your old company, do you believe you can be committed to ours as well?"
She turned her head to the woman and smiled. She sat at the left side of Lancelot, but Roxanne was sure not to let her eyes move to him.
"Yes. I am very certain. I would be dedicated and even much more. I would give everything I can to the growth of Dankworth in New York. I know this city like I know my middle name. I can help with networking and customer interaction a great deal."
The woman nodded in approval. It made Roxanne's heart to rise with joy.
Yes. She was very happy. She was certain she had pleased them, she was certain she would get the job.
Melissa spoke up again.
"Sir, I believe you do not have any questions to ask. We can call in the next applicant."
When Roxanne looked over to Melissa, she followed her gaze to Lancelot. Whose eyes were fixed on her? His glare was cold, stern.
Roxanne's gaze continued to dance between them.
Sir? Why had she called him sir? Why was he even here?
"The CEO was present. But he did not ask any questions." The words of the previous interviewee came to her again.
Her legs began to wobble instantly.
CEO? Was he...?
Roxanne's eyes widened. Oh no.
Lancelot looked up at Melissa, with a curt nod.
"As a matter of fact, I do."
The rest of the board looked amongst themselves, an unknown expression on their faces, even as they questioned each other.
Lancelot's eyes narrowed on Roxanne again. Roxanne wanted to melt into the chair, all this anxiety was killing her.
"Miss Harvey, you've said so much about your five years' experience in this field and how you worked with a formidable company, LexCorp. If you were... or are as good as you say you are, why did you leave?" Roxanne's heart thundered against her chest. What was he driving at?
"Or perhaps you were..." He looked over her with disdain.
"Fired?"
Roxanne shook her head vehemently. She did not know what he was driving at, but she would not let him do it.
"Sir, I..."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I've looked into your file, contacted your former employers. I mean, I should know the work history of my employees, should I not?" He sent his gaze to the rest of his board. They all nodded in agreement.
"Yes sir, of course."
"Certainly. You are absolutely right."
They all seemed to be afraid to speak up against him.
Roxanne's worst nightmare was playing right before her eyes, how could this be happening to her?
"So, tell us Miss Harvey, exactly why Lex Corp kicked you out?"
Roxanne's heart fell. Suddenly, her whole body began to shake.
Thomas Hardy's face came to her view again. She could hear the resounding mockery in his voice as he asked her to leave the company.
After 5 years, Lex Corp kicked her out because she wouldn't f*** their HRM.
How was she supposed to tell them that?
"Well, Miss Harvey, since it's clear that you do not have an answer to my question, I'm afraid we don't have all day."
No. This couldn't be happening.
Still, Roxanne sat frozen in her chair, her eyes fixed on his stern ones.
She did not understand what was going on.
Had he really just sent her out without allowing her say a word?
"Call in the next applicant."
Lancelot's voice rang in her ears.
Melissa's rising was Roxanne's cue to stand up.
As she rose, her eyes narrowed at him in a questioning glance. Lancelot looked away from her with no regard for her expression. Before she turned her back to leave, she cast him one last glance, hoping he would change his mind.
Lancelot did not so much as look at her again.
"There'll be no need expecting a reply from us, Ms. Harvey, you're just not who we're looking for," was all he said, dismissing her. She sniffed quietly to stop herself from crying and walked out of the door, right behind the lady in green.
###CHAPTER 24: HE JUST CALLED HER A LIAR
Roxanne walked out of the office, right behind the lady in green.
She could not believe her eyes, or her ears. Everything she had worked for, prepared for, studied for, drank two cups of coffee and put her bowel health to the line for, had just come to an end. And all because of him.
As she headed straight for the elevator, Roxanne gripped her files in her left hand and managed to dab her eyes with the back of her right palm. What was she to do now? What was the next step to take?
She had invested a lot of time and faith in this interview, and it had been going well... it would have gone well if it had not been for him.
Why? Why did he decide to show up in her life after such a long time? She was certain he of all people knew that she was well qualified for the job. She had answered all the questions correctly. Not only correctly, even to the extent that it had impressed the board.
At least, the rest of the board, besides him.
Roxanne was certain she would have been able to answer the question he had asked, if only he had given her enough time.
On the other hand, what amount of time would have been enough for Roxanne to get rid of all those bad memories? Even if she was given three hours, or the whole day, would she have been able to look all of them in the eyes and say why she was really fired?
That she had refused to sleep with her human resource manager. Would they have believed her?
It would have been a big dent to LexCorp's name. And she was very certain that if Lancelot truly called them, Thomas Hardy would have told him something totally different. No. He would have not believed her. None of them would.
It would have been her word against LexCorp's. Of which she was not even a match to. Roxanne was completely helpless against all the forces that threatened to tear her apart. LexCorp.
Her family. Him.
When the elevator opened in front of her, Roxanne flung herself inside and pressed the button that led to the ground floor before anyone could enter with her.
She needed to be alone. She needed sometime to breathe, to think. Roxanne tried her best to fight back her tears. She wanted to be strong, she didn't want to cry.
But, when she thought back to all that had happened in the past one month; her shattered hopes, and her shattered dreams.
Her heart tore into pieces.
Tears gathered in her eyes and ran down her cheeks. She couldn't hold it in anymore, she wouldn't hold it in.
Even as her knees buckled under the weight of her body, her back fell on the wall of the elevator with a loud thud.
With that, Roxanne cried out in pain. She screamed, hit the walls of the elevator with her right foot, dropped her files to the floor in frustration and threatened to pull out her hair. She was tired, weak, broken.
This was the last straw. The thin line she had held on to all these months had finally cut, and now, life was hurling her into an abyss of nothingness, sadness, and pain.
"Why?!"
She could stand there and ask herself the question for as long as she wanted to, but she knew she would not get an answer. The only one who could answer that question was him. It was only him who could tell what it was that caused him to be so cruel to her.
Roxanne tried to think back. There was nothing she knew she had done to deserve the chills Lancelot had brought to her veins.
Suddenly, Roxanne straighten her posture. She wiped her tears with her both palms and lowered herself to pick her files from the floor.
She was done crying. In the past two months, Roxanne had realized that crying never solved any of her problems.
She could either cry all the way back home, munch on cheese burgers, cry on Emily's shoulders, rinse and repeat. Or she could stand straight, go back upstairs and fight for the one thing she really believed in right now; herself. But, what would she do? He had already made it clear that there was nothing she would do or say to change his mind.
Still, Roxanne had made up her own mind as well. She didn't care what it took. Even if it required falling face flat to his feet, she would do so.
This was not a matter a pride, it was a matter of survival.
She would fight for her survival now, and worry about her pride later.
The elevator seemed to jolt as it approached the ground floor, Roxanne steadied herself and arranged the hem of her red suit jacket.
Before the elevator doors opened, she pressed the button that would take her back to the fifth floor.
This time, she wasn't going to let fate dish her whatever it pleased, she was going to fight for her fate by herself. She was going to shape her own destiny, no matter what it took.
As the elevator vibrated, a signal that it was about to begin movement again, Roxanne struggled to take deep breaths in and out.
If she had to face him, she was going to do so as calmly as she could. If he wanted to see her raging and crying, she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of doing so. She would do her best not to.
Slowly, the numbers on the elevator started to lit up.
Number one sparkled. She was on the first floor.
Number two followed next.
Three, four and then five.
As the elevator came to a halt, Roxanne suddenly felt tears gather in her eyes again.
For a fleeting moment, she was angry with herself. Why wouldn't she just be strong?
When the door of the elevator opened, she lowered her gaze to her body to make sure she was well dressed, when she was satisfied, she took one step forward.
A black masculine leather shoes stopped in front of her.
Without looking up, she could tell it was him.
Only Lancelot was capable of making her heart thunder against her chest so violently. Only Lancelot was capable of making her melt under his stare.
Instantly, Roxanne stepped back and turned her face away from him. She sniffed sharply and dabbed her eyes, making sure that she had not left any signal that she had been crying.
Lancelot could not say he was surprised to see her in the elevator after the doors spread open. After her mock show of an interview, he got bored and decided to leave. After all, he had fulfilled his purpose for coming here; to make her feel the same pain he had felt after she slipped out of his bed without notice.
Not even the courtesy of a goodbye.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Seeing her here again, infuriated him.
Why was she not out of the premises yet? But he did not ask her. Instead, he stepped into the elevator and stood beside her.
He made sure that he did not so much as glance at her.
Lancelot was not sure Ziko would be able to control himself if their eyes met. Truthfully, it was not Ziko he feared, it was himself.
With all that he felt for her, he wasn't sure he would be able to control himself if he looked at her.
The last time they had been alone together...
He shook his head, he wouldn't think about it. He would not think about her.
"I didn't peg you to be the type of man who could not separate his personal life from his professional one," he finally heard her say, her tone choked with tears. Lancelot merely scoffed.
She owed him, and would offer her no explanation whatsoever.
The elevator suddenly felt cramped. The heat between them was growing with every second.
"You know that I am qualified for the job! You know that I deserve it! Why would you do such a thing to me? What did I do to deserve it? If you have a problem with me, why not just tell me? Why punish me in such a manner when you know just how much this matters to me?!"
So much for not letting him see her tears.
Right now, as she stood facing him, a stream of tears ran down her cheeks. Frustration continued to grow in the pit of her stomach.
Despite her anger and tears, he did not even turn to her.
Roxanne felt her heart break. And break. And break again.
"I did nothing to deserve the cruelty you're showing me. I did absolutely nothing Lancelot, and you know it!"
The elevator doors opened in front of them.
As her eyes remained on his strong figure, she saw him turn towards her.
"You would have done worse if I were the one who snuck out of your bed, without so much as a goodbye note."
That was all he said, before he stepped out of the elevator.
Roxanne couldn't believe her ears.
Was that really why he had done all of this? It was all because she left his bed without his knowledge?
What. The. Actual. F***?
Roxanne followed him closely behind. She didn't mind the eyes that were watching her- or rather, him- she continued to chase after him.
"Mr. Lancelot, please wait!"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"We have nothing to discuss Miss Harvey," he replied, over his shoulder.
"You don't have to do this because of one night. We can talk about this!"
"We would do no such thing Miss Harvey."
While he liked that she was running after him, he silently wished she would stop.
Now, they were at the exit doors of the company.
Two security men opened the doors as Lancelot walked out. Roxanne took note of how their eyes rested on her, she ignored them and ran out behind him.
"Mr. Lancelot! Please just listen to me! I really need this job, I beg you." She was crying uncontrollably now.
Even as they approached the parking lot, Lancelot did not stop to talk to her, neither did he even turn to her.
"I asked you a simple question Miss Harvey, you failed to answer it."
Roxanne stopped walking. Her tears now caused her vision to become hazy, somewhat blurry.
Her jaw tightened. If he wanted an answer, she would give him one.
"I refused to f*** him!" she yelled out in anger.
She didn't care what he thought of her now, what mattered was that she knew she was telling the truth.
Lancelot's movement came to an abrupt halt. Something in him lit up at her statement.
"He fired me, because I refused to f*** him. My HRM."
Lancelot's jaw tightened. The pain in her voice caused Ziko to growl, and it caused him to frown.
He managed to keep his cold expression as he turned to her.
Hope lit up in Roxanne's eyes as his gaze rested on her.
Maybe, just maybe he would reconsider and give her a second chance, a second chance to prove herself.
Lancelot took two steps closer to her, before he stopped.
"If that were true, I would have known it," was all he said.
As her heart shattered into a million pieces for what seemed to be the one millionth time today, she watched him walk away from her.
She didn't move, she couldn't.
Her tears froze in her eyelids as realization dawned on her.
Liar. He had just called her a liar.
###CHAPTER 25: CONFUSED AS EVER
He did not know what to do when the words rolled out of her tongue and hit his ears with a loud b***.
"I refused to f*** him!" she screamed aloud.
He paused, stopped walking.
Every element of time froze for him. His jaw tightened, his teeth clenched, and he hid his fist inside his pockets so she wouldn't see them curve into balls.
Then, he turned to her.
He had thought her to be a coward, a lying coward for what she had done. But, now that she was standing there, visibly distraught and in pain that only she could comprehend.
In her eyes, he saw that everything she had spoken might have been true. There was pain, desperation, and beams of memories she wanted to erase.
He was angry. But within him, Ziko growled restlessly.
How dare him? Whoever it was that had dared to come close to her in such a manner would pay for it.
But, there was no way he could soften up now. Not when he was yet to feel the satisfaction of his vengeance.
And so, when he opened his mouth to speak, he did so while making sure he would hurt her.
"If that were true, I would have known it," he blurted out, turning his back to her immediately he did so. If he watched her breakdown in front of him, he wasn't sure he would be able to keep up with his...act.
With that, he walked away from her and never stopped to turn around. He had made up his mind to not look at her.
When he got to where his car was parked, Peter, sensing his boss's foul temper, thought it best to open the door for him.
Peter fell back after opening the door from within, he leaned his back into the leather seat, watching Lancelot quietly.
Lancelot entered into the car and shut the door firmly. Peter waited on him for an instruction, but it was clear from his facial expression that he was not willing to speak.
Peter sighed and sat up, leaning into the driver's seat.
"The master's hotel please. Romania Hotel and Suites," he called aloud before leaning back into his chair.
"All right sir," the driver spoke, starting the ignition.
Within him, Lancelot's mind continued to race. Now that he had turned his back, what was he going to do? He had flown across the Atlantic just to make sure she returned to London with him. He had only a few days to spare, yet, he had just dismissed her.
He pondered upon many things. What was he to do now? Should he perhaps contact her tomorrow and propose the London offer? No. That would be strange, he did not know what Roxanne would think of such a gesture. But he had to do something.
"I have made a dinner reservation at the hotel's restaurant for you sir. They were only going to host twenty five people tonight, I had to make sure you were added to the list. I know how much you absolutely hate to eat hotel food." A forced laughter followed after his statement. The air in the car felt warm, despite the temperature of the air conditioner, with the heat oozing from Lancelot's body.
Peter had spoken up with hopes that Lancelot would give him one of his witty replies. His boss always knew the right things to say at the right occasions. He hoped that Lancelot would ease his lean frame into the leather seat of the car and relax, he needed to relax.
But Lancelot said nothing. He uttered not a single word, neither did he spare Peter one of his short glances.
All he did, was sit in his chair and mope. With his jaw clenched and his fists curled into balls on top of his lap. Whatever the outcome of his boss's meeting with the strange woman, Peter could tell it did not please Lancelot.
And that was the last thing Lancelot needed right now. There was enough on his plate already. He silently wished that his boss would forget all about this woman and focus on the more important things ahead of them. However, they had already flown all this way, it would not hurt to get what they had come for.
With that thought, Peter decided to address the elephant in the room.
"So, how did the interview go sir? What do you think of the new recruits? And the woman...uhmm. What was her name again...?"
It had been a rhetorical question, but it was one that got Lancelot's attention.
"Roxanne," Lancelot said her name, and nothing more.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Good, Peter thought. It was a sign that anger had not plunged him into an abyss so deep that he could no longer hear, or see.
"Yes. Roxanne. How did she particularly do?" With this question, Peter's gaze rested on Lancelot's face. He was planning to read every expression, both facial and otherwise, that his boss expressed. It was the only way to understand Lancelot Dankworth.
Lancelot fixed his gaze on the window and hissed.
"I do not think that is any of your business," he spoke, flatly.
"You're right sir, it's not. But, seeing as I had my part to play in making this meeting possible, I thought that I had...well, a chance to see it come to a good end as well."
Peter made sure to select his words carefully. The wrong phrase, whether or not it had the right meaning, could have him fired without even a lift of Lancelot's finger. When Lancelot did not reply him, he saw it as a chance to continue speaking. "I have worked for you for five years of my life sir. In these five years, I have come to know one thing, you have never been a man to give up. When you want something, you go after it, beat your competitors hands down and faces to the ground, and you seize what you want. If you came back to get this girl to leave with you, then I have no doubt that she would leave with you."
Peter spoke, smiling reassuringly. But again, Lancelot spared him only a short glance, before his gaze returned to the window.
"But, we do have a problem that needs immediate attention," Peter spoke aloud. He had done well to caress Lancelot's ego and troubled mind, now it was time for business.
"What might that be?" Lancelot asked now. His full attention in Peter's possession.
"Albert."
Lancelot's nose twitched. What had his scoundrel of a cousin done this time?
"If he has made another mess with his business, make sure to clear it. It would be mine soon after all," he replied, now looking away. Albert had never been a problem for him, he was too small to pose issues to Lancelot. Peter chuckled nervously. Lancelot turned to the smaller man again.
Something was definitely not right.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Out with it," Lancelot commanded.
Peter sat up, leaning out of his seat.
"I got a call from James today. Albert has made sure he puts it to all the family members and anyone else who cares to listen, that you have absconded London for fear of what might happen to you after he beats you at the hunt. He said you've ran away because of the bet. And quite a good number of people he has told, have believed him. Your mother was not left out, the Luna is furious, and..."
Lancelot wanted to laugh and frown all at the same time.
He wanted to laugh at how ridiculous his cousin must have sounded, saying all those big words with his rather small mouth. And he wanted to frown because he had been insulted.
So, Albert thought himself to be a man worthy of Lancelot's rivalry? He would show his cousin that he was absolutely nothing.
"Arrange a flight for us to leave in two days," Lancelot cut in.
Peter's eyes widened.
"Sir...?"
"Some people need to be reminded of their place," Lancelot replied curtly.
Two days.
He would leave in two days.
And he would make sure he leaves with her.
She was his, and would remain so. Whether or not she wanted it.
###CHAPTER 26: HER MOCK APOLOGY
After he had turned his back to her, Roxanne stood there, transfixed to a spot.
She hoped, and hoped that he would turn back and look at her. That his eyes would rest on her with anything; she would not even mind pity, if that meant he would have mercy and offer her the job.
She couldn't find it in her to turn around and go home. Emily was waiting for her with ears itching for good news, how could she go back to her with tears in her eyes again?
Alas, when he was out of sight, Roxanne fought the urge to run after him and turned on her heels as well. There was nothing she could do anymore.
What was left to do was go back home and try again. She would keep trying until she finally won.
Perhaps, this was the universe telling her that being an employee to a man you had a one-night stand with was a bad idea.
She walked back to where Emily's car was parked and entered into it.
Even as she sat alone in the car, she still felt the tingling sensation she felt in the pit of her stomach whenever his eyes were on her. There was something about his gaze, no matter how cold that seemed to call out to her, that possessed her. Roxanne shook her head vehemently. She would not think or talk about him.
It did not matter that his face had been the main subject of her sexual fantasies after the night they shared. Now, she was going to bury whatever thoughts she had of him, it was obvious he wanted absolutely nothing to do with her. Her fists tightened against her steering wheel.
She now wanted nothing to do with him as well, or at least, she would try to.
As she drove back home, she heard her phone beep. Roxanne quickly used her left hand to search her bag for it. Perhaps, Lance had changed his mind and sent her a message. When she clicked the home button, it was a text from Emily.
"Hey baby, I am sorry I had to text you and not call. I am currently at the airport and my phone is down. I got an emergency call from my management. There is this French art collector who has picked interest in sampling some of my work in his gallery. He said he must meet with me and as soon as possible, I had to leave home immediately. I am leaving for France and I would be back on Wednesday morning. You can survive one day and a half without me, can you not? I'll do my best to call you once I land. Bon voyage love!"
Roxanne read aloud. With that, she sighed and fixed her eyes on the road.
The ride back home was silent. She came out of the car and managed to carry herself to the foot of her door. She opened it and flung herself on the first couch she set her eyes on.
All it took was a swift flash of today's events through her mind to cause her to shed tears again. With no one to cry to this time, she cried to herself.
She sought for what it was about her that seemed to magnet so much bad luck.
Suddenly, there was a knock on her door.
She g*** in annoyance, even amidst her tears as she rose up. The universe was certainly out for her head, and Roxanne did not know how long it would be until she succumbed to its desires.
She wiped her teary eyes with her palms, hoping it would take away the after-effects of all the crying she had been doing as well.
Roxanne planted herself in front of her door and steadied her posture, before opening the door a bit to see who it was that decided to add to her already ruined day.
When Roxanne caught sight of a very familiar - and highly unpleasant female figure, she shook her head to shake away the feeling of deja vu that washed over her. Why did this all seem like it had happened before?
Roxanne had made up her mind. She was going to send Rayla to hell and b*** the door at her face. But, just as she was about to, Rayla's eyes met hers through the small hole in the door. Her sister's hand held the door knob, to prevent Roxanne from shutting it.
Roxanne g*** in anger as she let the door open. Rayla stood in front of her, a bouquet of roses in her hands and a puppy eyed face.
Roxanne scoffed.
"What do you want Rayla?" her voice was shaky. She cleared her throat to push back the tears choking her voice.
Rayla sighed and smiled sadly, before allowing her eyes to fall to the ground.
"Roxy..."
The sound of her pet name from Rayla's mouth caused her to flinch.
"I came to apologize," Rayla finally spoke aloud, earning her an amused glare from Roxanne.
Roxanne did not know what to feel. Even anger was too small of an emotion to describe what she was feeling now. She had also gone past rage, so all she could do, was chuckle.
"You came to apologize?" she asked again. Making sure she heard exactly what her sister said.
Apology? Rayla wanted to give her an apology? A million and one "I'm sorry(s)" would never be able to erase all the pain that she had caused!
Rayla nodded and Roxanne's face hardened.
The nerve of her. But she was already too tired to explain why Rayla's apology would not mean shit to her. Instead, she stood straight and held the door again.
"Apology accepted Rayla, please take your lea..."
Rayla caught hold of the door again. If Roxanne did not know Rayla any better, she would have thought her sister was being sincerely apologetic. "Wait Roxy!"
Roxanne rolled her eyes. Here comes the fake speech.
"I know that I have done a lot of things to hurt you this past month, I see how that has ruined our relationship and I know that you might never be able to forgive me. But, I am willing to try my best to restore the relationship that we once had. You were always so good to me Roxy, and I have constantly taking you for granted. I'm very sorry."
Roxanne shrugged.
"Okay..."
"Allow me to make it up to you!" Rayla cut in again.
Roxanne forced back the urge to laugh. What did Rayla think she could that would be enough to pacify her?
"I ran into an old friend today. Turns out he is now a manager of one of the biggest news publication companies in the country! And he is based here in Manhattan. I took his card, told him that I had a sister he just had to meet! He is excited to meet you Roxy."
Roxanne watched as Rayla shuffled in her bag for a card. When she found it, she held it out to her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne wanted to take the card and slap it across her sister's face. But, on second thought, it was probably the opportunity she had prayed for.
When one door closes, another opens right?
With that thought, she took the card from her sister's hand and took a good look at it.
"Jeremy Spears, Chief Editor of New York Times. It would be an amazing opportunity for you Roxy. Please, promise me you'll take it."
Promise? Roxanne simply nodded.
"Okay."
With that, Roxanne shut the door at Rayla's face and returned into her house. She picked up her phone and dialed the number on the card.
The excited masculine voice at the other end of the line scheduled a meeting for that evening 5pm, he had said.
Roxanne glanced at the clock above her television. She had about 4 hours more.
That was more than enough.
*******
At exactly 4:30 pm, Roxanne made sure she was corporately dressed. She tucked her credential files into her hand bag and left the house. As she drove through the night traffic of the city, she hoped that this would not be another futile effort on her part.
If Rayla was so sure of the man...she stopped to think. Wasn't that supposed to be a warning sign? Roxanne shrugged.
It was 5:05 when she stepped into the restaurant, the first eyes she met seemed to recognize her, because they beamed with smiles. She swallowed hard, if he recognized her, it could only mean that he was the man Rayla spoke about. Jeremy Spears.
He rose to wave at her. Roxanne took deep breaths in and out as she walked to him. She had to admit, he was tall and quite attractive. But, she had taken in a lot today to take note of his features. She wanted to get this meeting done with and go back home to her bed.
When she stood in front the table, he moved to draw out a chair for her and stood until she had settled into it. After that, he rushed back to his seat and settled into it as well.
Roxanne continued to smile nervously, still unsure of what to expect. She was grateful when he opened his mouth to speak first. "Roxanne Harvey, right? I mean, it's obvious seeing as you have a very intense resemblance to Rayla. She has told me all about you." Roxanne found herself forcing back the urge to roll her eyes.
"I'm Jeremy Spears," he said aloud. He appeared to be very delighted to mention his name. He said it with pride, she was envious of him.
Before Roxanne could open her mouth to speak, he was talking again. She sighed and melted back into her seat.
"I must say, when Rayla told me about you, I had expected you would be as tall as she is. I myself have always admired tall ladies. However, you are not as tall as she is, I suppose that's cause you are the younger one." He was laughing now, as if he had made a very funny joke.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne didn't find any of it funny, but she managed to force a chuckle.
His brown eyes danced around the room before he chuckled again. He leaned into the table, drawing his face closer to hers as he smiled.
"Forgive my manners Miss Roxanne. I did not even ask what you'll like to have." He turned to his right, signaling on a waiter.
When a waitress walked to them, Jeremy smiled at her.
Roxanne found his broad smile very uncomfortable. But she said nothing, only forced herself to return it.
"I would like to have steak sourced with cauliflower please. And a bottle of martini," he said aloud first. Roxanne watched as the lady took his order in her note. The woman's eyes rested on Roxanne. She was already mentally exhausted, food was the last of her worries right now.
"Same," was all she managed to say. As the waitress turned around, Jeremy turned to her again.
"You enjoy steak too, I see. Rayla was always the vegetarian. She had such strong principles and was always so passionate about animals. It was one of the things we loved about her in college."
Roxanne nodded. She was tired, she should have known that this was what would happen. A reference from Rayla could never be a good one.
"I looked at your profile, said you schooled somewhere in East Texas. As Rayla's sister, I had thought you would have attended another Ivy League school. Maybe Harvard even NYC. But Texas, that was a... not so impressive choice. Rayla also said that you did not further your studies, you did not attend post graduate school, unlike she who..."
She wanted to disappear, run, stand up give him a resounding slap and walk out of the room. She was too exhausted to do any of these. So she sat there and moped at him as he listed the thousand and one ways Rayla was better than her; all of which she already knew.
"...I mean, I would like to settle down myself, but it is very hard to find a woman of my taste you know, someone like Rayla..."
Her stomach turned again. With every second she sat there, her mental health drained. How did he even get to the topic of marriage?
Their meal had arrived, but Roxanne had not found it in her to touch her food. Luckily, he was so engulfed in talking about himself and Rayla that he did not notice.
Forcing food down her throat while listening to him would be impossible.
"...And as a man, I would like me a woman who can look out for me you know? Someone who would love me enough to tolerate all my excesses, because..."
She thought she would collapse to the ground. What was wrong with this man?
"Because, a mouth as uncouth as yours would need all the tolerance it can get."
Another masculine voice thundered from behind her.
Her heartbeat quickened, her entire body froze. The very familiar Arabian scent passed through her nose. The back of her neck itched unnaturally.
He took two steps forward, so that her eyes rested on his tall frame.
Roxanne felt her stomach turn.
His eyes turned away from the man and rested on her.
She had not been mistaking, it was him... again.
###CHAPTER 27: IT WAS AN ORDER
Lancelot had decided after a brief meeting with Peter to have dinner outside the hotel. He decided he was going to drive to a Michelin restaurant, where he would enjoy good wine alone and think. He really needed to think.
So at exactly 5:45pm, Lancelot was dressed to leave. He let Peter know he would like to have a personal and private tour of the city. It was a lie; he needed the breeze, the buzz of New York night time to clear his head. There was a lot going on in it.
As he drove, Lancelot remained calm-or at least he tried to. He would find a way to piece everything together and...
"Mate!" Ziko's cry interrupted his line of thoughts. Lancelot frowned.
He was going to continue driving, but Ziko's next cry was more pressing, more urgent.
"She's here! Stop!"
With that, Lancelot brought the car to a halt after swerving to the left side of the road. He parked beside a side walk. He was visibly annoyed as he looked around him. There was no sight of Roxanne.
Just then, the scent passed his nose gently-the sweet scent of lavender. This time, there was a more feminine touch to it. His wolf had sensed it, and so did he.
She was really here.
And that was strange. Tudor city, where she lived could have been nothing less than a forty-five minutes' drive. He knew that from the day he had seen her on the side walk with her friend. So, what was she doing in this part of the city?
That was a stupid question to ask, he knew. But he could not fight back the urge to find out.
Lancelot's eyes darted to the right side of the road, there was a restaurant there. His heart began to beat faster.
"She's there!" Ziko growled.
With no second thoughts, Lancelot drifted back into the road, turned over to the right side, and parked the car in the driveway.
Her scent was stronger now. Almost as though he were sitting next to her. He got out of the car, locked it, and walked briskly to the restaurant.
Before he walked in, his eyes caught sight of her from the glass walls of the restaurant. She was seated in a black dress, and in front of her was a...
Lancelot's jaw tightened. A man.
He was laughing, leaning into her, and slightly brushing his hands on hers as he spoke. When his eyes returned to Roxanne, she seemed lost. Her eyes had a sadness in them, it was as though she was sinking, deeper and deeper into the chair as he spoke.
He hated to see her like that. And the only thing he despised more than seeing her so distraught was seeing the person who caused it to smile and laugh as though nothing was happening.
Just as her sister and husband had done on the day of the wedding.
Now, she seemed broken, like an abandoned puppy who had been left in the rain.
He could not bear that. So, he walked into the restaurant and took a seat behind them.
The man continued to talk, and every time he opened his mouth to speak, there was a mention of Roxanne's sister, followed by a rude and demeaning comparison.
By God, Lancelot wanted to walk over to their table, pick him up, and fling him across the room. Making sure to break his spinal cord, so that he would be paralyzed and unable to speak for the rest of his life.
But he sat still. His temper rising by the minute. He wondered how much more blows to Roxanne's face he could endure.
Finally, when he could no longer take it, he rose to meet them.
Someone had to shut the man up before Ziko rendered him permanently mute.
******
She tore her gaze away from him even as she sank deeper into the chair, shivering slightly.
What was Lancelot doing here? Had he not put her through enough already? It was bad enough that he had insulted her earlier today. Now he was here to do what? Add salt to her injury? Jeremy was visibly annoyed by Lancelot's intrusion. His brows furrowed at Lancelot as he frowned.
"And you are supposed to be?"
Lancelot tore his gaze away from Roxanne. His ice-blue eyes rested on the man.
"Lancelot Dankworth," he spoke calmly, even though he was far from calm. He reached into the pocket of his suit pants, took out his card and placed it on the table, right in front of Jeremy's eyes.
The other man's eyes inspected the complimentary card. Next to the font, quality and design of the black platinum card in front of him, his was a big joke. The card alone screamed thousands of dollars. Jeremy's eyes rose to Lancelot's again.
"...Roxanne's boss," he continued.
With that statement, Roxanne's eyes rose to meet his hard face. She would have said something to him if she wasn't so numb. She could feel nothing now, nothing except a deep sense of nothingness and lack of purpose. Jeremy grew more furious. He watched the eye contact between the two of them. The tension between them and the intensity of their stares was enough to send Jeremy to the end of his seat.
There was definitely something more between these two than what any of them seemed to let on. In his presence, she had melted into the chair. And the man looked as though he could squeeze the life out of him for just sitting there. "That does not give you the right to interrupt our meeting!" Jeremy finally spoke, his eyes resting on Roxanne this time. She would pay for allowing the man insult her.
"Roxanne..."
When he opened his mouth to utter her name, Lancelot saw red. This man did not deserve her audience, let alone utter her name.
"You are not to utter another wor her or try to contact her again. If you do so..."
He leaned into the table, placing both hands on the table as he met the man's glare with a colder and more dangerous stare.
"Nowhere in the world would be safe enough to hide from me."
Jeremy's eyes danced between Roxanne and the strange man. From the look on Lancelot's face, Jeremy could tell that he was not bluffing. This man was dangerous, more dangerous than he had even showed.
With that, Jeremy rose up and walked away from them. And he did not turn back.
Now that it was just them, Lancelot looked over to Roxanne.
She sat there frozen and dejected. He moved closer to her, took off his suit and wrapped it around her.
She let out a soft sigh when he placed his hands on her shoulders.
"Let's go. I'm taking you home."
It was an order. One that Roxanne was too lost to even rebel against. Lancelot helped her rise, watching as she wrapped her arms around herself.
She walked behind him until they got to his car.
********
THE OFFER.
After the long and silent drive to her house, Lancelot's car came to a halt in front of a small building.
He turned off the ignition and looked at her again.
"Here?" he asked, just to be sure.
Roxanne did nothing but nod. He sighed and relaxed into his chair.
She had not said a word since his arrival. Neither had she shown any emotions; not gratitude, not anger, not annoyance. She just continued to stare into blank space.
"Thank you for dropping me home," she finally spoke. Lancelot only managed a nod, before he watched her step out of the car.
But there was no way he was going to let her be on her own, not with her current state of mind.
So, he opened the car door and came out as well.
Roxanne watched from her end of the car as he got down as well. He walked slowly towards her, her body, soul, and mind registered and took note of the sound of every step if took. His presence around her seemed to heighten her senses all the time, because she was always aware of everything; down to the pattern of his breathing.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Her left brow raised in a query. One that he answered to.
"I need to ensure you're okay."
"I am," she bit back, biting her lower lip to stop it from quivering.
Lancelot's eyes dropped to her lips. Her small gesture was more than enough to excite Ziko, and awaken his sexual senses. In other words, she had just turned him on...hard.
He tore his eyes away from her lips. This was not the time or place to think such thoughts.
"I don't think so. Let's go."
Roxanne frowned. He was doing it again, dishing out orders as though she were his maid. Before she had the chance to protest, Lancelot gripped her right arm and turned to her door.
She could do nothing besides follow him. She had to stay quiet. She could not risk opening her mouth and breaking down into tears.
When she opened her door and turned on the lights, Lancelot walked into the living room, behind her. It was a small space with four couches, a center table and a television. To the right was her kitchen, and to the left, a row of staircases. Her whole house was not half the size of his bedroom, he noted before he looked over to her. She had settled down into one of the couches and still continued to stare blankly.
Lancelot was distraught to see her in such a foul mood. Silently, he walked into her kitchen, opened her fridge and fetched her a bottle of water. When he handed it over to her, he saw the surprise on her face.
Roxanne was taken aback. First, he cast her out of his presence. Then, he magically shows up to the restaurant and rescues her from Jeremy, then he drives her home, insists on being with her, and serves her water. Exactly what was going on?
She could not hold back anymore. Her curiosity had gotten the better of her. But when she opened her mouth to speak, there was a knock on the door.
Roxanne's gaze shifted from him to the door.
He turned on his heels to open it. Roxanne was going to protest, but once again, she could not find the will to.
Lancelot moved to the door and opened it slightly.
His gaze hardened at the masculine figure in front of him.
What was he doing here?
Roxanne wondered why Lancelot stood still by the door. Perhaps it was a neighbor.
With that thought, she rose up and walked to the door.
When Jonah's eyes rested on hers, Roxanne's heart fell.
Could today get any worse?
Jonah pushed past Lancelot and hurried over to Roxanne.
From the look on his face and the sturdiness of his steps, she knew he was not drunk. This was not another drunken mistake, he was here on purpose, but for what? "Jonah..."
"What is he doing here?!" Jonah thundered, pointing fingers at Lancelot who stood still by the door. Her eyes moved to him, and back to Jonah.
This was too much for her, just too much.
"What are you doing here? Leave now, or I'll call the police," Roxanne spoke calmly. No matter how she wanted to rage and scream, she seemed to lack the energy to do so. Jonah's eyes darkened on hers. He let out a bitter chuckle as he moved closer to her.
Lancelot stood by the door, watching silently. He would let Jonah speak, but if he dared to touch her, he would get rid of both his limbs.
Roxanne stepped back as Jonah approached her.
"Are you f*** him now?"
Roxanne's eyes widened with both shock and disgust. It was his audacity that angered her more than anything else.
"How dare you?"
"You can't trust this man! Roxanne believe me. We were not just lovers, you were my best friend. I know that I f*** up and I hurt you, but that has not changed the fact that I love and care about you. This man is a liar and he would hurt you, you have to believe me."
Behind him, Lancelot chuckled bitterly.
"That is one hell of an accusation, coming from an infidel."
It was loud enough for Jonah to hear. He turned away from Roxanne and focused his attention on Lancelot.
"What did you say?" Jonah asked, charging steadily towards Lancelot.
Lancelot did not move, he only stood still, a brow raised as he watched Jonah charge towards him. Oh! How he wished for Jonah to lay his hand on him. It would give him a good enough excuse to send the man's nose and jaw to the ground. Roxanne suddenly began to feel dizzy with anger. She could not take it anymore. Everybody needed to leave her alone.
"Get out!" she screamed. Charging towards Jonah. She gripped his right wrist, earning her a shocked stare.
With the last of her energy, she walked him to the front of her door and flung him outside.
Jonah was dumbstruck, never had he seen such animalistic form of anger from Roxanne before.
She said nothing as she b*** the door in front of his face. She placed her back on the door after she had closed it. Finally, she let her tears out.
She hurried to the couch closest to the door and fell into it. She pressed her face to her palms and wept bitterly.
"I'm tired. I'm so tired," she continued to cry bitterly.
Lancelot moved to her. He lowered himself to hold her as she cried.
"If you want a way out of this, there's a job for you," he spoke aloud.
With teary eyes, Roxanne looked up at him. Was he really offering her a job?
When she looked up at him, Lancelot continued.
"In London."
London? Roxanne's eyes widened as she moved away from him.
Seeing her hesitation, Lancelot rose, straightening his posture and tucking his hands into his pockets.
"I would text you the address of my hotel if you're interested in the details." He took one last look around the house, he did not want to leave her like this, but he had too, for his sanity's sake.
He looked at her again.
"You can make up your mind before tomorrow."
With that, he turned away from her and headed to the door. She said nothing, only watched him in shock.
When he held the door knob, he turned to her.
"Roxanne, I would not ask you again."
With that, he was out of the house. She shifted back when the door closed behind him, scoffing in disbelief.
Had he just asked her to move halfway across the world? And walked out of the house like it was nothing?
She leaned back into her chair, finally grateful for the silence.
"What was wrong with that man?" she asked herself.
###CHAPTER 28: I REALLY NEED A JOB
Now that she was finally alone, Roxanne drew back and sank deeper into the couch. She had still not fully recovered from the shock of all that had happened in the past few hours.
As she tried not to think about any of it, her mind would not let her rest. Sitting on the couch now, she felt as though she were in a dark tunnel. The faster she walked towards getting out, the longer the tunnel got. Worse still, there seemed to be no light at the end of this particular tunnel. In fact, it had no end at all.
How did this all happen? In a time span of two months?! One day, she was happy, preparing for a promotion, in a happy relationship with an amazing man, and the next day, she had lost her job, her relationship, and whatever remained of a good relationship with her family.
Her family.
The thought of it caused a lump to form in her throat. Ever since Rayla nearly killed her at the hospital, none of them had tried to reach out to her. Only Isabelle had called and texted to make sure she was okay. Even her parents did not care if she had sustained worse injuries. She could have died on getting home and neither of them would have known.
Was that how much they didn't love her? How did people discard their own children in such a manner?
Her life had turned into one big nightmare. She was tired of it, all of it. The constant comparison to Rayla, constant betrayal, and constant disappointment. She was tired of it all.
And now there was an opportunity to leave it all behind. It was right in front of her, staring her in the face, daring her to take the bold and courageous leap in order to leave behind all the countless bullshit she had gone through. London was a seven-hour flight away from everything. All the bad memories she now had. It was a ticket to meeting new people, breathing in new air, smiling at new faces. It was a ticket to being away from all the bad luck this city had brought to her in the past months.
But, was that enough to pack and go halfway across the world? To be with people of different ideologies, different principles, and values. The taxing system here was bad enough, but she had no idea how strict the one of the English people would be.
Going to London would mean being close to him. As it was obvious his life was based there. Was she really ready to do that?
On the small center table, her phone beeped. It was a sign that a message had been sent to her. Roxanne looked at the phone, she did not want to check it, but she couldn't help but do so.
It might be something important, perhaps a message from Emily. And that was exactly what she needed now. A message from her best friend to remind her that the world was not over, at least not yet.
She leaned out from the couch and picked up the phone. When she checked her home button, it was a message from an unknown number. Sighing, she clicked on the message and read it aloud. "Romania Hotel. 10am tomorrow. Don't be late. Dankworth Group of Companies."
She put the phone down. It was an invitation to go through the work contract tomorrow. He had said there would not be a second opportunity for her after this one, at least not from him. Therefore, she had to seize this one now or lose it. And Roxanne was very tired of losing.
So, she made a resolution to go to see him tomorrow. If the conditions for the work were favorable to her, she would consider taking the opportunity. This time, she would not leave any stones unturned.
Finally finding the strength to stand, she picked up the phone from the table and retired into the house.
When she got herself ready for bed, and tucked herself into the safety and comfort her duvet sheet, another beep from her phone caused her to turn towards her bedside drawer.
When she checked it this time, it was a message from Emily.
"Hey baby! I realized there was an issue of conflict in time zones once I touched down France. Plus, my managers have not even given me space to breathe. I sent this from a restaurant toilet in Lyon. I can't wait to get a real chance to breathe and use my phone. I love you baby, stay safe. P/S: hope no handsome strangers bumped into my car today? Kisses!"
Finally laughing for the first time in hours, Roxanne placed the phone down.
She was yet to pay Emily for bashing her car. She sighed and sunk into her bed.
"I really need a job," she said aloud, to herself.
********
This is ridiculous!
Roxanne got out of bed by exactly 8:00 am that morning. After a quick breakfast of French toast and orange juice; she showered, got dressed, and called an Uber to Romania Hotel.
She decided not to take Emily's car today. No offense to either the car or Emily, but anytime she drove in it, that day turned out to be pretty messed up.
Today, she would take no chances. She had learnt enough lessons to repeat the same mistake.
This day was going to prove to her that there was still hope for her in this cruel world, and she prayed and hoped, for her own sanity, that it turned out very well. There was no saying what she would do if today turned out bad. There was only so much she could take.
When she alighted at the hotel, she stepped into it. Standing in the reception hall, she brought out her phone from her bag so she could call him.
The number began to ring, someone picked it up almost immediately.
"Dankworth Group of Companies," an unfamiliar masculine voice answered. It wasn't Lancelot. If it was him, she would have known.
She cleared her throat to speak.
"My name is Roxanne Harvey, I was hoping to speak to Lance..." She stopped halfway, mentally smacking herself.
"Mister Lancelot Dankworth," she continued.
The voice at the end of the line chuckled.
"You are on to his Personal Assistant. I am Peter Robertson, and I attend to all Mister Lancelot's official calls. He is expecting you by 10 a.m., is he not?"
So, Mister Stuck Up Nose had a personal assistant that picked his calls? How rich of him, Roxanne thought.
"Hello," the voice, who she now addressed as Peter, called out again.
"Yes. Yes, he is."
"It is 9:45 now, so he will be with you in fifteen minutes. However, you should make it to the Suite Restaurant in the hotel. I believe there is a receptionist where you are, to guide you."
Roxanne's eyes fell on the chubby woman at the end of the desk in front of her.
"Yes, there is."
"Magnificent! See you in fifteen minutes Miss Roxanne...?"
"Har..." The call came to an end before she could reply.
She sighed and walked closer to the reception table. After getting directions to the suite restaurant, she headed towards it.
Prim and proper. Was the first thing she thought when she stepped foot into the restaurant. The only sounds in the room were from the classical music that was faint at the background, and the few clinging of forks against plates, and champagne flutes against each other.
There were barely any people here. The restaurant screamed affluence, and she could very well imagine Lancelot in such an environment. The place was just like him after all.
When she drew out a seat, a waiter came to meet her.
"Any reservations miss?"
Lost, Roxanne turned to him. She was not aware if Lancelot had made any reservations. But, since his assistant had told her to meet him here that could definitely mean something. So, she chuckled nervously.
"Arh. Yes, I'm here to see Mister Lancelot Dankworth," she replied.
She watched as the waiter's eyes skimmed through the tablet in his hand. His eyes suddenly brightened. He looked up to Roxanne with admiration in his eyes.
"Welcome madam," he said, rather too enthusiastic.
Roxanne flinched. When he turned away, she settled down into the chair.
"Miss Harvey?" came the voice she had heard on the phone. She tore her eyes away from the exquisite bar, to the direction of the voice.
A tall man stood in front of her, in a grey-printed suit, with dark eyes, and an equal shade of dark hair. Towering above him, stood the man whose presence seemed to bring her whole world to a standstill; Lancelot. She rose up to shake hands with the man.
"Mister Peter," she said out loud, smiling.
Lancelot did not extend his hand out, so she simply nodded to him.
When they all settled down, Peter spoke up first.
"It is very nice of you to join us, Miss Harvey." He left out the part that the first time they had met, she had nearly punched his nose off.
"The pleasure is all mine," she replied smiling while struggling to make sure that she did not look at Lancelot more than she ought to. Once again, he had dressed so handsomely. Was he ever not so...perfect?
"I believe I should head straight to the main purpose of our coming here," Peter spoke again, placing the paper file on the round table, in front of Roxanne. Her eyes fell on it.
"That there, is your contract for the job in London. Once you sign, the job, as well as all the benefits that come with it, would be yours," he said aloud.
Roxanne grasped it and opened it. The first page contained a lot of boring details she obviously didn't need. The only important thing was the pay, and the benefits that came with the job.
So, she flipped through all the pages, until she saw the word 'benefits' typed in bold letters. Her hungry eyes skimmed through it.
"Once this contract is signed, you are entitled to..." She stopped reading aloud and continued the rest in her head.
The figure underneath the headline caused her eyes to widen.
Roxanne did not realize she had gasped in shock until she heard Peter chuckle.
Embarrassed, she cleared her throat and sat up, looking over to Peter, eyes laddered with disbelief. She swallowed hard.
In front of her, Lancelot took note of how amazed she was. He smiled to himself, he had gotten her after all. "Three hundred and fifty thousand pounds per month!" she exclaimed.
"Roughly four hundred thousand dollars," Lancelot added. This statement earned him a wide glare from Roxanne.
"This is ridiculous!" she said aloud, turning to Peter who had a smile on his face.
"Plus a house and a company car. For three months?"
"Exactly," Peter chipped in.
She chuckled with disbelief. This was too good to be true. She was looking at all the answers to her financial problems; rent, Emily's car, student loan. And there'll still be much more to spare. "Did I forget to add that your salary would be tax-free? It would be sent to your savings account for you to do whatever you please with," Peter added.
"I don't understand. What job am I even going to be doing, 'cause I sure did not go through the gibberish in the first three pages," Roxanne said aloud. This was a dream, it had to be. "You'll be working under me, tending to my needs, seeing to the success and orderliness of my day-to-day activities," Lancelot's spoke up.
Working under him? Was that a good thing or a bad thing?
"What about Peter?" she asked, her eyes moving to Peter. "He needs a break."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I'll be taking a three-month leave, so he needs my replacement."
Roxanne looked at Peter, as though asking 'are you even paid this much?'
He understood. He smiled, one that screamed 'You have no idea."
"Once he's back, you can return to New York, and with my company's recommendation, you can get any job you desire anywhere in this country. However, I doubt you would want to return to this place," Lancelot spoke, his eyes had not left her for a second. He was watching her expression carefully.
Roxanne scoffed.
"Of course, I'll return! I cannot leave my Homeland completely for any reason. No matter how much the pay is, I would never have taken this job if I had to live so far away from everyone I've ever known forever," she said, chuckling. Lancelot's lips thinned in a grin. It was a good thing he had said for just three months then. It was more than enough time to make her his, forever.
"So, what do you say, Miss Roxanne?" Peter asked, leaning into the table.
Roxanne smiled and looked up at him. She was happy, very happy.
"Can I take this home? There are some people that need to make a decision with me," Roxanne asked.
Peter turned to Lancelot. When he got a glance of approval, he nodded.
"Of course. We have a copy of our own."
"I leave on Thursday morning. Make your decision before then," Lancelot said aloud.
Once again, Roxanne felt her heartbeat quickened. She had just one day to make her decision.
She rose up, gathering the papers, with a smile on her face.
"Of course, thank you very much Mister Lancelot. It was nice meeting you Peter."
With that, she hurried away from the table, a broad smile on her face.
29: Accepting the offer "I'm sorry, repeat what you just said?!" Emily screamed at the top of her voice. Her eyes beaming with surprise as she stared at Roxanne who stood in front of her.
Roxanne smiled, she had known this would be Emily's reaction. She had decided to stay quiet about the job offer until Emily returned. Now that her best friend was back and had settled down, it was time to tell her about it. Especially now that Lancelot would be leaving tomorrow. She had already packed her things down, just in case Emily convinced her that she was not making a mistake.
"You heard me right!"
"So you're telling me, that Mister good d*** refused you a job on Monday morning, only to present you with a bigger mouthwatering offer on Tuesday morning?! And the job requires you to move to London, with him?!" Emily repeated, causing Roxanne to laugh.
"Aye aye, Captain."
Emily dug her fingers into her afro curls and screamed.
"Girl, shut up!" she screamed aloud.
"You have got to be f*** kidding me! So you're coming back here, with almost a million dollars, after working for just three months?" Emily asked again. Just like Roxanne, it was all too good to be true.
"Yes! He's willing to transfer a thirty thousand dollar advance today if I so please," Roxanne added, smiling as she moved to Emily, who was seated on the bed.
"Girl! This is good news!"
Roxanne fell on the bed beside Emily.
"I know right?" But the statement had come out less enthusiastic than she had wanted it to, and Emily caught note of it.
Her smile disappeared slowly, worry taking over her gaze.
"Everything okay baby? There isn't a condition you cannot meet for the job right?" she asked, suddenly growing defensive. When Roxanne didn't answer, Emily sat up with a frown.
"Baby, I hope he's not asking you to..."
Roxanne sprung up, laughing at how quickly Emily had gone all "mama bear" on her. Emily frowned.
"It's not funny Roxy! You got me so scared!"
Roxanne couldn't help but hold her stomach in laughter.
"Are you sure you don't wanna have any kids?" she asked, still laughing.
Emily frowned and smacked her with a pillow.
"It's not funny Roxy. I mean, you two f*** before. I was beginning to think he offered you the job with the condition that you'll agree to do it again," Emily said, her expression hard. Roxanne's laughter died as she smiled reassuringly.
"No, there's nothing of that such. You know me Em, I would have given him a slap across his cheek and walked out of the restaurant if he dared," she said, as she placed her hand on Emily's knee. Emily's scowl died off slowly. Roxanne was right.
"That's a relief Roxy. But you had me there with your silence, I ain't gonna lie."
Roxanne chuckled again.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"But, I'm worried though," Emily added, causing Roxanne to roll her eyes.
"What now, mama bear?"
Emily shot her a scowl, laughing sarcastically.
"Hahahahaha. Very funny."
Roxanne chuckled. Emily sighed and spoke up again.
"You'll be moving away from home, with this guy. To work for him, is he really to be trusted? I mean, you've only met him three times. And I'm not assuming he is a fraud or anything, because... I mean, he owns a company here. But, I'm just saying... I don't know, it's a really big decision to make."
Roxanne sighed, her smile still on her face.
"I know Em. And that's why I needed to talk to you first. Plus, I didn't have a choice as well..."
Emily laughed, Roxanne continued.
"I just really need to take this. There are a lot of things it could change for us..."
"Baby, you know that I've always got you right? So, if it's the rent you're worried about, or the car, I can..."
"And for me too!" Roxanne cut in. She moved closer to Emily as she spoke.
"I need this, for me. I have already been through a lot here. It would not hurt to be away for some time. A new country comes with new faces, new people, new currency, new air, new timeline, and new weather. And I really, really, really need something new in my life. Don't you think so?"
A new man too, hopefully, Emily thought as she smiled.
This had been what she wanted to hear. She had no problem with Roxanne leaving, she just needed to be sure she was doing it for herself, and not because of the responsibilities she had to fulfill. Roxanne had always been with Emily, even
when her earlier days as a professional artist didn't earn her much. It was her turn to cater for her best friend, and she did not ever mind sharing what she had into two. She would never mind, Roxanne was currently the most important person to her.
However, since she was leaving because of herself and not for some misguided sense of duty, Roxanne had her blessings, all of them.
So, she broke into a smile and stretched her arms apart for an embrace. Roxanne hurried into her arms, and Emily laughed.
"I really feel like I should adopt you from your mother," Emily said, placing a kiss on Roxanne's head.
"Believe me, I wouldn't mind," Roxanne replied, laughing.
"Have you spoken to any of them?" Emily asked, running her hands down Roxanne's hair.
"No," she spat.
"Is there a reason to?" Roxanne asked again. Frankly, she did not want to speak to any of them. She did not need them jinxing the one good thing she had come across after all this time, with their sheer bad luck.
"You don't have to, if you don't want to," Emily replied, and Roxanne sighed, melting against her chest.
After few minutes of intense best friend moment, Roxanne jumped up.
"Well! I have a contract to sign, you need to help me go through the clothes I packed, seeing as you're the fashionista between us..."
"Like hell I am!" Emily called out, with a smile on her face.
Roxanne just chuckled and continued.
"Then, I have to let him know that I have accepted, and get the flight info for tomorrow," Roxanne finally said, walking to the door.
"Roxy!" Emily called out, Roxanne stopped to turn to her.
"You know I love you, right?"
Roxanne smiled.
"I know you don't have a choice."
"Oh! F*** you!"
"Come help me go through my luggage!"
"Get the hell out of my room you silly a*** b***!" Emily yelled, laughing as she threw a pillow at Roxanne, who dodged the hit by running out of the door.
Outside Emily's room, Roxanne placed a call to Dankworth line.
"Dankworth Group of Companies," came the voice on the other end.
This time, she smiled at the voice.
"Roxanne Harvey, I accept the contract."
Now she could almost see him smile.
"Excellent! Welcome on board, Miss Harvey."
###CHAPTER 29: EXACTLY HOW WEALTHY WAS HE?
That night, Roxanne and Emily binge watched four seasons of their favorite TV series of all time, "Friends."
After that, Emily made sure that Roxanne had a good night rest by seizing her phone and laptop. It made Roxanne sad, but it worked. She had fallen asleep two hours earlier than she normally did.
Emily made sure her best friend was awake by 6:30 pm, since her flight was to leave by 9:00am. Emily singlehandedly crosschecked all of Roxanne's important papers, a gesture that made Roxanne laugh all the way. Everything was properly packed. Her clothes, toiletries, shoes, cosmetics, everything she could possibly need. If there was anything, Roxanne assured Emily she would be able to get it when she arrived London.
After getting ready and putting all her luggage into the trunk of Emily's car, Roxanne was set to go as she entered into the front seat, beside the driver's seat.
She looked down at her phone, it was 8:15 already. They had forty five minutes more to beat the Manhattan traffic and arrive at the airport before her flight.
Emily got into the car shortly after her. As they drove to the airport, they listened to the morning radio and laughed as though it would be their last time laughing together, in the same car.
It took them thirty minutes to arrive at the airport, Roxanne went through all the necessary procedures before meeting Lancelot and Peter. After introducing Emily to Peter, since she had already met Lancelot, Roxanne made sure she spent the little time she had left saying her goodbyes.
She embraced Emily in front of Lancelot and Peter, fighting back the urge to shed tears.
"I'm going to miss you so much Em."
Emily, on the other hand, did not give a damn about her appearance. In front of everyone, she cried aloud as she held on to Roxanne.
"I'll miss you more, Roxy!"
"I'll call you every evening, no matter what."
At this statement, Lancelot rolled his eyes. Why did they cry as though they would never see each other again? Emily was welcome to visit her whenever she wanted. He did not understand the reason for the soap opera the two were displaying in front of him, at all.
Alas! Their flight was announced. Lancelot watched as Roxanne tore herself away from Emily.
Peter leaned into him and whispered.
"You're robbing the poor girl of her best friend, that's rather unfair." Peter chuckled, earning him a glare from Lancelot.
"She'll have me. That'll be more than enough."
"And Ziko," Peter added intentionally.
His statement sent a message to Lancelot, one that informed him that he soon had to make a very important decision; tell Roxanne what he really was.
Lancelot's jaw hardened. His gaze fell on Roxanne's teary and still smiling face.
"And Ziko..." he muttered under his breath.
Peter nodded and moved away from him, to where Roxanne and Emily stood.
"I apologize ladies, but I would have to put asunder to your union." The three of them laughed at his joke.
Peter focused his eyes on Roxanne.
"Miss Harvey, we have to take our leave now."
Roxanne dabbed her eyes with the back of her palm.
"Of course, of course."
With that, she turned her back to Emily and walked ahead with Peter and Lancelot. She wanted to turn back, but she was afraid that if she did so, she would not have the guts to continue with this journey anymore.
"I love you Roxy!" Emily called from behind.
When Roxanne mustered the courage to turn her back to reply, Emily was gone. Her back was turned to Roxanne as she walked away.
Roxanne smiled sadly. Perhaps, it was for the best.
As usual, they boarded a first class flight to London. But, such gesture was new to Roxanne. She continued to admire the luxury of the plane every minute.
Lancelot on the other hand, had a bigger problem. He had left London in such a haste that he had not bothered to find an apartment for Roxanne to stay. So, for some days, until he was able to put that in place, she would have to stay at the Dankworth mansion.
How was he supposed to keep her there with all his extended family present? He partly blamed Peter for his forgetfulness. Had he reminded him, they would have been able to make arrangements while in New York.
Lancelot sighed. Perhaps, the man needed a break indeed. Peter seemed to be thinking the same thoughts, because he was quiet for most of the flight. Only when Roxanne asked a few questions did he turn to answer her. All his years working for Lancelot had taught him that his boss seldom talked during a flight. That was why he took it upon himself to keep Roxanne company.
Roxanne wondered why Lancelot was so quiet, but said nothing about it.
After the five-hour flight, they finally arrived in London. Roxanne was taken aback by the structure of the building, the roads and everything about the city.
It seemed so...orderly. A strong contrast to the traffic in Manhattan. She also took note of the Dankworth name on the number plate of the car. At that moment, she stole a glance at Lancelot who was nodding to something Peter had said. Exactly how wealthy was he?
********
THE WARM WELCOM.
As they drove to the palace, Lancelot continued to think of ways he could keep Roxanne away from the prying eyes of his family; especially his grandaunt; Eloise, the white wolf of the pack.
If she was to ever see Roxanne, she would be able to sniff out the secret Lancelot was doing his best to keep away from them, at least for now; the secret that he had found his mate.
He would have to keep her in the guest chambers and hire separate maids for her. It was quite separate from the rest of the palace, even though it was in the same building. However, the chances of Roxanne running into any members of his family, before he had the chance to introduce her will be slim.
Lancelot smiled in satisfaction. That was exactly what he would do.
As they sat in the limo, he turned to Roxanne. Her eyes were fixed outside the window, she was in absolute awe of the beauty of his city.
"When we arrive, Roxanne would stay in the guest chambers." When she turned to him, eyes widened, he fought the urge to smile at how amused she looked.
"You would be very comfortable. Until we can find a suitable home were you can work from, you'll be in my guest chambers."
Peter, seeing that Lancelot's tone wasn't at all friendly or comforting, decided to speak.
"What Mister Lancelot means to say, is that you would be staying with us, until we make arrangements for your own home," Peter added, with a smile on his face.
It was the same thing Lancelot had said, but Roxanne seemed to understand more now that Peter had said it.
She smiled and looked away.
Why was Lancelot so cold all of a sudden?
Roxanne watched as the car stopped in front of large iron gates. At the sight of the car, the gates opened on their own and ushered them into the large compound.
Magnificent. That was the first word that crossed Roxanne's mind when she looked around. From the garden flowers, to the sculptures, to the water fountain, everything was extremely Beautiful and exquisite.
The building in front of them could not be anything less than four floors high, Roxanne noted. It was white and stood tall and strong, like the castles in fairy tales. In front of the palace stood two wolves sculptures, one by the two pillars.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne was in absolute wonder of the place. She had only read about this in fairy tales as a child, never had she seen such beauty for herself.
Lancelot and Peter could see this.
Security guards approached them, bowed to Lancelot and made their way to carry the luggage out of the car.
Holding Roxanne's luggage, Peter leaned into her.
"Allow me take you to where you'll rest."
Roxanne turned to him and smiled. She made a mental note to call Emily and tell her all about this place once she had settled down. It was extremely amazing.
She followed Peter behind as they parted from Lancelot, who stood back to talk to a tall man in Black and White, he appeared to be the butler. Roxanne tore her eyes away from Lancelot and focused it on Peter. They walked into a corridor, a long one with high red walls. On it were portraits of different people that must have been his family. She examined every picture carefully as they walked through the long corridor. Next came the staircase. It seemed to be almost a hundred steps as they walked. The house smelt of roses and fresh lilies. She closed her eyes to take in the scent, it was absolutely wonderful.
Peter looked back at her and smiled.
"I can tell your eyes are pleased."
"His home is really beautiful," Roxanne noted. How did such a grumpy man grow up in such a beautiful place? She had imagined his home to be many things, but not this.
This palace had a warm feeling to it. Like love and family. Lancelot never acted as though he had either of these things. He only ever opened his mouth to order people around.
Finally, they entered into a room. Peter entered into the room, holding the door to usher her in.
As Roxanne entered, her eyes danced around the room. White polished walls and a big window, the bed sat in the middle of the room, extremely large and held six pillows. Beside it where two lampstands. She appreciated the floor to ceiling wardrobe and the luxurious dressing mirror. Although, she wondered how she ought to get to the top of it.
"This is where you'll be staying until we find you a place. Which would be soon, I assure you."
Roxanne laughed, she found Peter to be extremely pleasing.
"I have no doubt that would." She walked further into the room, taking note of the plain white marble floor and the sky blue draperies made of rich linen, by the window. "Although, I have to ask..."
"Why does he live in somewhere like this?" Peter cut in, a knowing smile plastered on his face.
Roxanne laughed again.
"Yes, exactly."
"Well," Peter began, dropping her luggage by the side of the big bed.
"It is a long story, I must tell you. But, the summary is that the Dankworth's are royalties. And Lancelot is a crowned prince, who would become crowned king in a few days." Roxanne watched as Peter spoke.
Crowned prince? Her heart hammered against her chest.
No wonder he was used to giving people orders around.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! She found herself wanting to laugh.
"He's a prince?"
Peter nodded.
"Exactly."
Roxanne giggled. "That explains a lot."
"It does actually."
When she sat on the bed, Peter tucked his hand into his briefcase and pulled out a piece of paper. Roxanne raised a query brow as he approached her with it.
"I wanted to wait until you were done settling in, but I think you have to see this now."
When she took it from his hand, her eyes skimmed through it.
"Lancelot's daily schedule," Peter said.
Amused and amazed, her eyes danced around the paper.
"He seems to have a lot to do this week. But the next two days are empty," she said, when she found out that Friday and Saturday were equally blank. Peter looked at it and nodded.
"Family errands to run, I presume. However, you must note that you would not be seeing much of mister Lancelot, unless he needs you. If you need to leave here for any reason at all, be sure to let him know." As Peter spoke, two ladies dressed in uniforms stood by the door.
"My lady," one called out, as she knocked, drawing Roxanne's attention.
Shocked, her eyes moved back to Peter.
"Are they referring to me?" she asked, looking back at them again.
With every minute she spent here, new discoveries were made. Now, she had just realized she had two maids! Two!
Peter gestured for the ladies to come in, before turning to Roxanne.
"They would be responsible for looking after your every needs. Don't worry, you'll be well taken care of."
She was going to say that it was not necessary, that she didn't need any of this. But, he did not give her a chance to.
He bowed with a smile.
"Do enjoy the rest of your day, Miss Harvey"
With that, he turned on his heels and left the room.
Behind him, Roxanne sat on her bed and stared at the two ladies.
London had just gotten a lot more...interesting.
###CHAPTER 30: EXPLORING LONDON
While Roxanne knew that she would not be resuming work until the next week - according to what Peter had said - and that the two days after she arrived London would be free for both she and her boss, she had not expected to be left with nothing.
Nothing apart from files Peter had compiled for her, the files were supposed to enlighten her on Lancelot's schedule, daily routine, the differences between the calls she had to answer for him, and the ones she directed straight to him, his personal clients, a call log containing numbers of members of his board of directors, family members, his likes, his dislikes, their working relationship and what was expected of her as his interim personal assistant. That, and Lancelot's black card, it was supposed to be a sure pass in purchasing whatever it is she wanted, wherever she wanted. And by God, Roxanne swore to make the best of it in these two days.
But first, it was Friday morning already and she had to study the files Peter had compiled for her. Roxanne knew he would not always be there to answer her numerous questions, and Lancelot wasn't one to talk too much either. Therefore, she was left with the responsibility of putting as much contents of the file she could into her memory before she began working for Lancelot. This job had come on a platter of silver, she could not afford to make a mess of it.
As she sat on the bed, a cup of coffee in her left hand, she read through the file and put down important notes in the tiny journal beside her leg.
Roxanne nearly choked on her coffee when she read out his likes.
"You should know that while at work, Mister Lancelot likes the following things; hot chocolate. You are to serve him a cup of this after every six hours. If you forget to, he would not question you, but that just means you're in big trouble. There is a jar by the side of his laptop, where he keeps his peppermints. That jar should always be filled up..."
Roxanne chuckled. She tried to picture his tall frame and his hard face with a cup of hot steaming chocolate in his hands, or tearing a peppermint out of a cute little wrap.
It had her holding her stomach from laughing so hard. It didn't suit him at all.
"You have got to be kidding me! Who could have thought Mister Stuck Up Nose enjoyed things like this? Hot chocolates, pepper mints? Wow! Every time I think I've got him figured out, he finds new ways to surprise me," she said aloud, to herself.
It was 2:00 pm on the dot when she finally decided she had read enough.
Just then, she heard a knock on her door. She presumed it was one of the maids, and so she called for the person to come in.
When the door opened, Peter stepped into the room. Roxanne's eyes brightened on seeing him, he smiled.
"You seem to have enjoyed studying Mister Lancelot a lot." His sentence carried two meanings, but Roxanne hadn't caught it.
"You were just the man I wanted to see!" Roxanne called out.
Her enthusiasm caused Peter to arch his right brow.
"I really do hope I'm safe."
"Of course you are! I was just going to tell you that I wanted to go sightseeing today. I mean, seeing as Lancelot..."
Peter's eyes fell on the paper in front of her. Roxanne sighed and corrected herself. She had learned just today that she couldn't address him by his name here. It had to be 'Your Grace' or 'your Majesty's. She still couldn't get used to it just yet. If felt and sounded too awkward it her ears.
"... Mister Lancelot wouldn't be needing much of my assistance today. And I have been in this room since yesterday, I deserve a tour, don't I?" When she finished, she pouted sweetly. Peter couldn't help but laugh.
If
you are not reading this book from the website: FindNovel.net then you are reading a pirated version with incomplete content. Please visit FindNovel.net and search the book title to read the entire book for free His boss was surely going to have his hands full with this woman.
"Fine. But I am busy right now so I cannot chaperone you. However, I would..."
"Is that really necessary?"
Peter stopped, his smile thinned.
"What?"
"The chaperone?"
Peter chuckled as he looked at her.
"Do you want to leave this palace?"
"Like hell I do!"
Peter flinched as she cursed. This American was certainly going to have a problem with Lancelot's family if she continued to speak so...carelessly. But that was not his problem to worry about.
So, he looked over her and smiled.
"Then, you definitely need a chaperone."
Roxanne tried to whine and complain, but Peter would have none of it. Finally, when she agreed to be chaperoned, Peter escorted her to one of the numerous cars parked in the drive way. He told her to cross-check her bag to see if she was with the card Lancelot had given her. When she nodded affirmatively, he turned to the driver.
"The park, the restaurant, a shopping mall and back home. Mister Lancelot wants her back no later than 6 pm. You would be in trouble if she isn't."
Roxanne watched him carefully. She had always noticed how he was very peculiar about things that had to do with Lancelot. If there was anything she knew about Peter, it was that he was loyal to his boss, and his type was rare. As the car drove out of the Dankworth abode, she took out her phone from her bag and proceeded to FaceTime Emily.
When her friend's face came on camera, Roxanne's heart melted.
"Took you long enough!" Emily screamed from the other side of the phone. Roxanne laughed, it had been hours since she last saw Emily's face.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I'm sorry. I've just been studying a lot of things," Roxanne replied.
"How's London been so far?" Emily asked, a smirk on her face.
Roxanne giggled at her friend's expression.
"I feel like Cinderella and Rapunzel at the same time. Like, it's been one...no, two big fairytales! He lives in a big castle, and I have maids and I'm locked in this room where I can't leave without chaperone..." "All shades of Beauty and the Beast." Emily laughed from the other end of the phone.
"So, when are you taking on a British accent?"
Roxanne feigned a frown.
"B***, I've only been here for two days"
"But it don't matter..."
Roxanne heard a voice call out from Emily's end of the phone. It was a masculine voice, Roxanne's lips spread out in a thin smirk.
"So, you've replaced me with a juicy roommate already, huh?"
Emily rolled her eyes while laughing.
"You got your d***, now let me get mine."
Roxanne's eyes widened, Emily's vulgarity was just out of this world.
"Bye love!" Emily called out, before ending the call.
"Bye..." Roxanne muttered. A faint wave of sadness washed over her. It had only been a day, yet she was already feeling so homesick.
She looked outside the window of the Tesla. Perhaps, it was cause she had been indoors for hours, she had no doubt that she would enjoy herself today.
After all, she had the company of Lancelot's black card.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! She smiled at the thought. Today, she was going to explore.
******
It was tomorrow. One of the days he had been training for all his life was close by, just few hours away.
With the dumbbell in his hands and his back against the bench, his eyes drifted to the digital wall clock, it was already 3 pm. He had been in here since morning.
He hung the dumbbell on the iron rod above his head and sat up.
"I was beginning to think you'll be there for the rest of the day. I didn't think you were so nervous about the hunt," his personal instructor, Tim, called out from where he stood. Lancelot shrugged.
"Why would I be nervous?"
The man's eyes rested on Lancelot.
"Albert?" It was a question and a faint warning.
Lancelot fought the urge to roll his eyes. He could never be anxious about Albert. Albert had never been a match for him, he never was and he never will.
"You insult me Tim," he said, rising up from the bench.
Lancelot's black vest stuck to his abs and chest with sweat. He sighed as he moved towards the punching bags.
"So why are you so hard on yourself today?"
On hearing his question, her face flashed through his mind. Lancelot frowned and punched the first bag hard.
"A totally different reason," he replied, throwing another punch to the bag again.
###CHAPTER 31: SHE CRIED WOLF, LITERALLY
The evening after she returned from her outing to the morning of the next day, went by in a blur.
After she woke up the next morning, all she could do was text Emily, go through some other files concerning her job, read a novel Peter had generously left her with, before she drifted off to sleep.
Roxanne's eyes opened by 11 pm. It was then she realized she had slept most of her afternoon and early hours of the evening away. She let out a long and annoyed g*** as she sat up. Knowing herself, she knew that it would be difficult go get sleep, now that she was awake already.
As she sat up on her bed, she thought back to the events of the previous day. The second she stepped out of the car with Lancelot and Peter on Thursday was the last time she caught even a glimpse of him. Since she arrived, he had neither called for her, nor come anywhere close to her.
Roxanne rose up from the bed, planting her bare feet on the floor as she walked to the bathroom. She was going to wash her face, put on her slippers and go for a walk outside. She would give herself a tour around the mansion and even outside. Perhaps, it would help her fall asleep again.
She dried her face with a towel after she was convinced she had washed the sleep out of her eyes. When she stepped out of the bathroom, her eyes drifted to the digital clock on top of her bedside drawer. It was already 11:15pm. Who in their right senses went out for a "walk" by this time of the night? As she asked herself the question, she scoffed.
Only Roxanne Harvey of course. As she put on her slippers and tied her hair into a pony tail with a scrunchy she found on her dressing table, she adjusted her shirt and shorts on her body.
Deep down, she wished she would run into Lancelot on her small expedition. Although, she knew she would meet his cold eyes staring down at her. He would query her for being outside so late with his thick baritone that brought goose bumps to her skin. But, she wouldn't mind. At least, she would see him.
It was weird. How could two people live in the same building, under the same roof and not run into each other in two days?! Was this what it was like to live in a palace? Where all palace buildings this magnificent? Her mind wondered back to the apartment she shared with Emily. The two of them could not be at home without bumping into each other's faces. Even in times when they were not on speaking terms, there was something that always caused the two of them to meet. Then again, her apartment was nothing compared to this fortress of a mansion, she thought. She gripped the rail of the staircase as she took slow steps down.
Hell! Her whole apartment wasn't even there quarter of the room she had been given to stay in this palace.
That was the difference between him and her, she thought.
Once again, she was standing at the foot of the staircase. As she walked through the long corridor this time, she made sure to take note of all, or most of the pictures. Roxanne could not help but laugh when she saw one of Lancelot. He could not have been more than eighteen then. He was holding on to an award plaque and putting on a graduation gown and hat. He wasn't smiling though, it almost seemed as if he was bored with whatever ceremony he was in. Something in Roxanne's heart sparked. Had he always been like this?
However, there was no time to admire the picture any further because there were over seventy, if not even a hundred of them.
Roxanne walked alone through the corridor to the front doors of the mansion. She was surprised to see them wide open. They did not have to worry about security, she thought. Whoever was going to make it past these doors had to make it past the gates first, which seemed like an impossible task on its own, move past the security house that stood just around the gate, before reaching the door. And with the way she had seen the security guards, Roxanne doubted that was possible.
As she stepped into the cold of the night, the cold breeze swept past her skin. She stood outside and room deep breaths in and out, her head and hands rose up to the sky. She stood there to admire the crescent moon that illuminated the sky. Roxanne had never been one who cared much for astrology or astronomy, but now, there was something peculiar about the way the moon illuminated the flowers in the garden, even the ground that she walked on. It was different from night time in Manhattan.
It was quiet, serene, and peaceful. Three things that New York wasn't.
She continued to stroll, admiring the sculptures of different wolves planted on different corners of the palace. The way the trees danced to the rhythm of the wind, the faint sounds of birds chirping.
The farther she walked, the more the place seemed to entrap her. The breeze, the beautiful trees and flowers, the faint sounds of night birds chirping, everything called out to her. And Roxanne answered the call, going deeper and deeper into the darkness of the night with every step that she took.
When she took few steps into what appeared to be a forest with extremely large trees, she wondered what it was that she would find within it. Perhaps, the Dankworth palace had a hidden zoo in it. Or a place where treasures were buried. The thought excited her, Roxanne found herself giggling like a silly ten-year old.
Better still, the forest could be haunted! And she would have a night filled with adventure, something like Alice in Wonderland, or Peter Pan. Then when morning came, a silly fairy would erase her memory and it would be as though it never happened.
Roxanne heard her subconscious scold her.
"What are you, thirteen?"
To this, Roxanne only laughed softly. If there were ghosts in this forest, she did not need them hearing her laughter.
When she took two slow steps further, she heard the rustling of leaves, even as the wind continued to blow her pony tail back and forth. It had suddenly become very dark and cold, and she could barely see a thing.
It was only now she regretted walking into the dark without so much as a flashlight.
It was probably time for her to head back to the mansion. She had had enough adventure for one night, and she needed to try to get rest again.
The cold breeze blew over her again. Roxanne sighed and wrapped her arms around herself.
From where she stood, she looked around one more time.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
That was when she heard it again, the rustling of dry leaves. This time, it wasn't as faint as before. It was though someone had stepped on it.
In that moment, a cold seemed to freeze her spine. There was somebody walking around her, and the person was not her. Her grip around herself tightened, the hairs on her body now stood in the cold of the night. She was not going to move, not yet, she would wait for whoever was here with her go show itself first.
What if it was a snake? No. She shook her head at the thought, even as her heart hammered against her chest.
Roxanne was frightened. She was scared of breathing too quickly, or too loudly. She did not want her unwanted company getting a sense of where she stood.
Not until she was sure who... Or what it was.
It was at that moment, just when she had come to that faithful conclusion that she heard something growl behind her.
Her eyes flew open in fear, her hands gripped the collar of her shirt. She shut her eyelids, very tight.
This was all in her head, all in her wild imagination. She tried to convince herself.
There was no way she could have just heard an animal growl from behind her, absolutely no way.
Standing still, she heard the growl again. This time, it was so close that she felt the warm breath on her neck.
Roxanne found it difficult to swallow her own saliva. With her heart threatening to jump out of her chest, she turned slowly, towards the direction of the sound.
When she completed her turn...
Blood drained from her face completely.
Her eyes came face to face with dark ones, but these were not the eyes of a human.
As she stood there, in shock, her eyes moved over the animal. Piercing dark eyes, thick black fur, tall limbs and extremely sharp teeth sticking out of its mouth, it towered above her, looking down at her. She would have thought it to be a dog, but the height and size told her it wasn't.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She blinked twice in disbelief.
Roxanne found it hard to breathe, fear had numbed her, kept her fixed to a spot.
Was she, was she really looking at a...
The black furred beast charged towards her.
"Wolf!" she screamed, staggering backwards without caution. Her back collided with the rock hard floor, her head hit the ground with a loud thud.
As she screamed, the beast's growl grew louder, angrier.
"Help! Somebody!" she cried out, tears flowing freely down her eyes. She tried to stand up and run, but her muscles and joints all failed her.
The hit to her head was severe, but the beast was still charging towards her. She crawled helplessly, with tears in her eyes. The beast was faster, with every two steps she took, it covered it with one.
It was so close to her now, it gnarled, the mouth wide open, exposing its vicious teeth.
Roxanne couldn't move anymore, her breath failed her, she was shivering, her whole body vibrating with an intensity that did not leave space for breathing.
Just then, when she thought she was going to lose her right leg to the beast, she heard an angry howl from her back. The floor beneath her vibrated as another beast ran towards her.
Right in front of her horror filled eyes, a grey wolf jumped over her feeble frame. Landing in front of her, towering above the black one, hence blocking their paths.
She was not looking at one dreadful wolf anymore, but two.
It was more than she could take.
With her shortness of breath, the shock that froze her limbs, and the pain in her back and head, Roxanne felt herself drift away slowly.
Until all that rested on her was a thick blanket of darkness.
###CHAPTER 32: THE HUNT
Alas, the hour had arrived. The night they had all been waiting for.
The Dankworth wolves stood side by side, each staring into the darkness of the night, determining the oath in which they would take for the hunt.
Lancelot had mapped his trail already, it was to lead him straight to where a herd of deer would be resting for the night. He had already devised a strategy to draw one unfortunate one out, it was left for Ziko to follow the trail, and earn him his deer.
No matter what happened tonight, Ziko knew that beating Albert's wolf was not a choice, or a necessity, it was definite plan, an event that had already been set in stone.
Beside Ziko, James's brown wolf growled in anticipation. He could not wait to be make the biggest catch and earn his respect in the family. Maybe then, Lancelot would seize to talk over him.
As Alpha of the pack, Edward's black wolf, Artemis, stepped forward. Albert, James, Richard and Bailey and Arthur's wolves stood behind him, awaiting instructions through his mindlink.
Artemis was to lead the hunt, the rest of them were to follow. But now, Artemis made it clear to each and every one of them that it was every wolf for his own pound of flesh. Tonight, they would not hunt as a pack, they would hunt as separate dreadful entities, each male proving how deadly it was by bringing a large pound of flesh back.
And when the hunt was over, they would know by the sound of his howling.
Artemis turned back and stared at his sons, he could recall them stepping into the forest as pups for the first time. It was in his presence that they had all shape shifted; Ziko, Zeus and Cretus.
To him, each of his son's wolves was a god of its own. But amongst them, he had a watchful eye on Ziko, the deadliest of them all.
Artemis looked forward and raised his head to the crescent moon in the sky. When he let out a loud howl, it was their sign to take off.
The ceremonial hunt had officially begun.
Ziko ran into the night, following the trail that Lancelot had taken time to set for him. He ran past the trees Lancelot had used a compass to mark "X." He continued to run non-stop, until he came to an abrupt halt.
His ears stood alert, and his nostrils twitched. Ziko was restless, something about tonight didn't feel right.
Around him, Ziko sensed a strange presence. The air in the forest was not serene as he had expected.
Tonight, the air smelt of death. The air around him was stiff, despite the breeze that passed through the trees.
He continued to move forward slowly. Still, he could not help the restless feeling that had befallen him. The silver colored hairs at the back of his neck stood upright.
That was all the conviction he needed to know that something was amiss. And he had to be careful enough to find out what he was.
He could not steer away from the path he had followed, he did not want to run into any other wolves in the forest. He had to be on his own, catch his deer and head back to the edge of the forest.
Then, he could put whatever it was that troubled him behind. The hunt would be done and dusted, with him declared as the winner.
He walked forward, carefully as well, so that he wouldn't make a sound to alert anything. He heard the rustling of leaves behind him. He stood still, he would not look behind, not until he gets a signal that warrants him to do so. For now, he would focus on the trail. The hunt was what was most important.
He continued to walk further, but he only grew more restless within him. He had waited and sniffed around to figure out what was wrong, but he had found nothing.
So, why did he still feel as though something was wrong? It couldn't be nerves, Ziko was too vicious for that.
He stood at a spot and held his nose up to the air, he allowed the breeze to carry the scent of the night into his nostrils. This time, the hairs within his nostrils stood alert. He had picked up a new smell. Though faint, it left a lasting impression in his mind.
Like lavender, vanilla cream and the feminine essence of a human female.
Panic seized Ziko's heart for the first time ever, there was only one woman he knew who owned this scent.
"Wolf!"
He heard the loud scream come from behind him.
Ziko's eyes darkened immediately.
ROXANNE.
He turned on his heels and dashed towards the direction of the voice. He was certain someone else had seen her, and no one else knew that she was here!
Roxanne was in danger! His mate was in grave danger.
The sound of her voice seemed to alert him, his legs picked up pace as he ran. With every ground he covered, her scent grew stronger.
He could sense her fear, he could breathe in the smell of her terror.
"Somebody! Help me!"
He continued to run towards her. He cursed within him as he continued to run towards her scent.
What was she doing out here?!
His eyes finally found her, lying on the floor and struggling to crawl. The wolf in front of her continued to charge towards her, a wicked look in his eyes that Ziko had seen in only one wolf before. Seeing her lie there helpless, a dangerous strengthen surged from within him. His breathing grew sporadic, his whole body shivered with rage.
The wolf was going for her right leg first, Roxanne continued to shiver in terror.
He let his rage take over. His doubled his pace and growled in anger, he charged from where he was and jumped, raising his forelimb, ready to tear the wolf's eyes out.
On seeing him, the black wolf moved away from Roxanne, Ziko landed on his forelimbs in front of it. He straightened his posture, standing tall and towering over the black wolf.
Ziko watched his opponent stagger, eyes glistering with shock.
Never had a wolf attacked another wolf because of a human. It had never happened in their pack.
This woman had to been something very special to Ziko.
He was panting, in anger, in rage, and in fear. If he had been late, just one second late, he would have lost her. She would have been gone forever.
Ziko couldn't bear the thought, it clawed his chest like sharp daggers. This wolf had to pay, he had to pay for attacking her at all.
With one swift stride, Ziko charged towards him and jumped, sending the black wolf's back to the ground. His opponent howled in pain, falling to the floor. Ziko stood above him, pinning him to the ground.
The black wolf stared at him in terror. Ziko had taken on the form of the devil himself. His blue eyes were dreadfully cold, his vicious teeth stuck out of his mouth as he growled in anger. All bits of humanity was gone, there was only a beast left, ready to tear him apart.
Ziko's eyes drifted backwards to Roxanne, when he saw her unconscious, he freed the black wolf of his grasp.
He had to change back into his human form and get her out of here.
Before he shifted, he ran back to her, sniffing her body even as he tried to mind link with Peter's wolf.
When he found a connection, he ordered.
"Get me clothes! Roxanne is in danger!" He did not wait for a reply, he took on his human form immediately and wrapped his arms around her thin body.
He lifted her up from the floor, held her in his arms and ran. He did not stop running, not even when he felt his knees buckle under the immense weight.
The wolf behind him was still howling in pain, Lancelot didn't care, he had to get Roxanne to safety.
He couldn't let anything happen to her, not under his watch.
Lancelot finally caught sight of Peter ahead of him, holding out a bath coat. Lancelot could not care less about the coat at that moment.
Peter could see the fear and anxiety in Lancelot's eyes, so he spoke.
"Sir... I can help you..."
"No!" Lancelot threw Peter a stony glare.
Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead, despite the cold of the night.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Call the palace doctor!" Lancelot yelled at Peter, who was already laddered with worry and concern. He had never seen Lancelot as troubled as this.
"But sir, it's late and..."
"Don't. Waste. My. Time."
Peter swallowed hard, shrinking under Lancelot's hard glare. He placed a call across to the palace doctor. Lancelot was instructed to take her into the palace infirmary. Holding Roxanne close to his chest, he hurried blindly to the location.
Doctor Stefan stared at him with wide eyes when he ran into the building n***, there was a stretcher on standby. He placed Roxanne in it gently, his eyes running over her body. The doctor placed a hand on his shoulder and looked up at him.
"Your Highness, you have to let her go. We have to take her in..." Lancelot opened his mouth to speak, but a voice interrupted him. "Lancelot!"
The sound of his father's voice caused him to turn away from her. In that split second, Doctor Stefan managed to roll the stretcher away.
Edward was surprised to see his son so visibly angry.
"Father," Lancelot called out. He turned back to see Roxanne being taken away by the doctor.
His fists clenched by his side.
When he caught sight of a bench behind him, he settled into it, awaiting news from Doctor Stefan.
Peter entered the room next, holding Lancelot's coat in his hands. He stopped running when he found Lancelot, he stood, panting heavily in order to catch his breath. "Sir, here."
Lancelot's eyes rose up to meet the black coat Peter held out to him. With one swift move, he took it and rose up to put it on.
When he settled back into the chair, he did not utter a single word again...
###CHAPTER 33: THIS HAD TO BE ONE BIG JOKE
They all sat in silence. Peter and Edward sat on the bench at the other end of the room, each man watching Lancelot very carefully.
Many questions hung in the air, but none of them was ready to speak. At least not yet.
After thirty minutes, Doctor Stefan walked out of the room Roxanne was taken into. He took swift strides into the corridor. On hearing his footsteps, Lancelot's eyes rose up to meet the short man's sturdy frame. "Your Majesty." He bowed to Edward, then turned to Lancelot.
"Your Grace."
Lancelot stared at him, his face was void of any emotions. Even he didn't know what he was supposed to feel. Anger? Fear? Pain? Anxiety? He could not bring himself to feel any of it. What remained in him was emptiness, it was the only feeling Lancelot was used to.
"She's been stabilized now," Doctor Stefan spoke as he caught the gleam of relief in Lancelot's eyes, even though his facial expression remained cold and hard.
"She is asleep, but you can go in to see her," Stefan continued. He bowed once more to the Alpha and his son and turned on his heels, before walking away.
Lancelot rose from the bench and walked away, not giving either his father, or Peter a second glance. His left arm brushed the doctor's shoulders as he walked. He looked straight ahead and took slow strides with a blank expression. The door of Roxanne's room was opened. Before he entered, he stood at the door and looked at her.
She lay on the hospital bed, her eyes shut in a peaceful sleep. Lancelot's jaw tightened. She was sleeping peacefully, and he was left here to sit by her side.
He walked into the room and fell into the chair by the side of the bed. His eyes returned to her again.
Her eyelids shut in rest, her lips were slightly parted, and he could hear the sound of her breathing as she slept. Before now, Lancelot had wondered exactly what emotion he felt, however, now that he was looking at her, he knew what it was. It was anger. Pure, undiluted anger. The type that you could not even frown on, the type that did not express itself on your face, but boiled and stirred up in the pit of your stomach.
And that anger was directed to her.
What was so important that she had to wander so far away from the palace at such a deadly hour? Exactly what had she been looking for?
He had tried so hard to keep her away from his family, at least until he was able to introduce her properly. Now, she had ruined everything. She had exposed herself in the most unconventional of ways.
Lancelot adjusted himself in the seat. As his thoughts continue to wander about, a calm wave of sleep seemed to wash over him. He battled with it for some minutes, struggling to keep his eyes open, until his mind and body gave in to the tide, and he drifted off to sleep.
**********
Lancelot did not know which woke him up first. Whether it was the pain in his neck from his bad sleeping posture, or it was the feeling of a stare burning through him. His eyelids parted slowly, he caught sight of Roxanne in bed sleeping peacefully, while he was in the chair with every joint in his body aching with fatigue.
If she was sleeping, that means the eyes he felt on him were not hers. In a swift move, his head tilted to the left. His blue eyes landed on his father's cold ones.
Edward stood beside his son, looking down at him with a frown on his face.
Lancelot knew that there was a lot he had to explain, so he sat up and brushed his eyes with the back of his palms, trying to wipe off the sleepy look in his eyes. When he was done, he turned back to his father. Lancelot was going to open his mouth to speak, but Edward was faster.
"My study, now."
Edward did not leave any room for further conversation. Once he spoke, he turned his back to Lancelot and walked out of the room.
Lancelot's eyes fell on Roxanne one more time before he rose up to leave.
********
In her room, Madeline continued to pace from one end to another. It was already 7:15 am, and Edward had not come to give her the good news yet.
She had barely been able to get any sleep last night, her heart continued to pound against her chest and would not stay still no matter how hard she tried. To calm her nerves, she had tried to get across to Peter. She knew the man would surely have updates about what was going on, but he did not answer or return any of her calls.
Madeline was not scared for Lancelot. In fact, she had a hundred and twenty percent confidence in her son. It was Albert and his greedy mother, Hermione, that she did not trust. She had often wondered why Edward kept them so close to the family, when they weren't even Dankworths.
And the bet that Lancelot had placed?
Madeline's left hand flew to her chest as she clutched the collar of her gown in anxiety.
The bet that they had placed would do nothing but fuel Albert's greed. There was no length he would not go to win it, now that it had to do with Lancelot's inheritance.
Finally, when her digital clock's 7:30 am alarm went off, Madeline threw on a jacket over her night dress and hurried out of her room. If the men were not going to come to her, then she would go to them.
As she rushed out of her room, James, her third son, was the room closest to hers. Madeline sighed in relief when she met the door slightly open. It meant he was in, James had a habit of never closing his door completely when he was in the
room.
With her anxiety and nerves getting the better of her, she flung the door of James's room open, without bothering to knock.
Her son sat at the edge of his bed, his face to the floor. He did not look pleased at all. When he heard her close the door, his face jerked up with his brow raised in query as he stood. "Mother..."
"Do not speak too much James," she said, hurrying to where he stood.
Madeline's eyes examined her son's frame. She had not expected him to be this quiet on the morning after the hunt. She had not expected the house to be this quiet at all! Edward was supposed to be deafening her ears with songs of victory, but now she could not even find him.
"I haven't heard word from your brother or your father since last night. What's going on?"
She watched James's face in anticipation, but he said nothing to her. He only shrugged and turned away.
Her curious eyes continued to dance around him. What was going on?
"James?"
"I cannot give you the answers you wish to hear mother. I suppose Lancelot would be able to, he knows everything after all. Best believe mother, he has a lot to say about what's going on."
He was speaking in his normal envious tone again. Madeline thought of scolding him, this was not the time to be jealous of him, it was the time to stand and support him.
But she did not speak about that.
"Where is he? Lancelot?" he asked. James spoke without turning to her.
"In the infirmary with father. That was where Arthur and I left the..."
Madeline was out of James's room before he could complete his statement. She hurried through the corridor, down the flight of stairs, into the long hall and out of the palace, into the infirmary building. When she took the first step in, her husband's face was the first thing she saw. And he did not look very pleased.
In that instant, Madeline's heart fell. Something had gone wrong, and it was terrible because Edward looked utterly distressed.
Had something happened to Lancelot?! She shook her head violently.
No, that couldn't be the case. It just couldn't be.
She rushed to her husband and held his arms. Edward barely looked at her.
"Edward, what's going on?" Her anxious eyes continued to dance around his face, but he did not look at her. She shook his arm again, why wasn't he speaking to her?
"Is Lancelot okay? Did something happen to him? Tell me Edward! Is my son oka...?"
Her question stuck in the air when she looked over Edward's shoulder and found Lancelot standing there.
Just like his father, he was worn out. Large and dark circles around his red eyes, his blonde hair was rough, and he was walking towards her in a ... Madeline's eyes widened.
A bath coat?
She moved away from Edward and ran to her son. Lancelot's eyes fell on her, but there was no explanation in his eyes. They were blank and cold. "Lancelot, is everything okay son? Why isn't anybody speaking to me? What's going on? What happened?"
"Let's talk about this later mother, please." Lancelot took his mother's arm off his shoulder as he spoke. "But..."
He walked away before she had the chance to speak.
Madeline was visibly shaken.
James had ignored her, Lancelot and Edward had pushed her aside as well. There was now only one person she could trust to tell her what had happened. Her last son, Arthur.
Madeline walked briskly out of the infirmary, back into the palace, and headed straight for Arthur's room. He was just about to step out when she caught sight of him.
Their eyes met and he turned away immediately. That could only mean one thing; he knew something. Something he did not want to be the one to say.
Unfortunately, he would just have to tell her, because nobody else was willing to.
He turned his back to walk away when she called out to him.
"Arthur!"
He stopped in his tracks, but didn't look back at her. Madeline hurried over and stood in front of him. Arthur was making conscious efforts to avoid his mother's eyes, it caused Madeline to worry all the more. He already knew why she was here, he didn't need to pretend and ask her.
"Mother please, I really do not want to be in the position you are putting me now," he spoke, softly and calmly as well.
Madeline's eyes softened as she cupped her son's cheek with her palms.
"My boy, my sweet boy,"
Arthur's gaze fell on his mother's worried face. He did not like to see her so anxious and confused.
"Please, tell mummy what is happening. Please."
Arthur let out a faint disgruntled sigh and shook his head. He knew that he was going to regret what he was about to do, but right now, he didn't have a choice. Madeline was going to find out soon anyway, there was no need to delay the inevitable.
"Come with me," Arthur finally said. Madeline's eyes brightened with hope.
She followed her son behind as he led him to her room. Arthur closed the door behind them.
"Speak to me son, what is going on?"
As Arthur stood in front of his mother, he allowed his gaze rest on her as he mustered the courage to speak. When he finally found it, he spoke.
"During the hunt, a human female was found by Albert, in the forest."
Subconsciously, Madeline's eyes widened in shock. Did he just say a human female? That was not even possible!
Everyone within the walls of this palace, even down to the lowest ranking servants were werewolves. There was absolutely no way that human female could have been here! That was an abomination to her.
"Albert tried to attack her. But Lancelot..." Arthur's eyes fell to the ground.
"Lancelot attacked him and protected her instead. The hunt came to an end immediately. He opted out, ran out of the forest with the woman in his arms and wouldn't give anyone else as much as a second glance. That was how the hunt ended, mother."
Madeline staggered back.
This had to be one big joke.
###CHAPTER 34: DO SPARE ME YOUR GREETINGS
She staggered back.
This had to be one big joke...
Arthur rose his eyes to meet his mother. She stood fixed to a spot, vibrating with anger. She had a horrific look in her eyes, as though she was going to kill somebody. Perhaps, she was.
He made a move to hold her, but her furious glare warned him against it.
She turned away, without a word and stomped out of the room.
'I should have just kept my mouth shut,' Arthur thought to himself, as Madeline slammed his own door at his face.
Madeline couldn't believe her ears. Fourteen years, fourteen good years was how long it took her to raise Lancelot and groom him for this particular day. And after all these years, he still went ahead to make such a stupid mistake?! She walked briskly to Edward's study. She would go to her husband and Lancelot and demand an explanation for what he had done. There was surely no way that Lancelot would have been stupid enough to associate himself with a human female, and even if he did, he surely knew better than to bring her here! To this palace! To the home she had worked so hard to build for him, for all of them.
Surely, there was no way he would want to ruin all that she had worked so hard to build for him. Madeline refused to believe her ears, she would not listen to anything Arthur said, until she heard from the horse's mouth.
Her brows furrowed and the veins in her hands and forehead became evident. Madeline Dankworth barely ever showed her anger, but whenever she did, it was never a beautiful sight to see.
She was halfway through the corridor when a familiar female figure stomped out of a room in front of her. Their eyes met, and Madeline frowned all the more.
Hermione was the last person she wished to see this morning, or any time of the day at all.
Madeline continued to walk ahead, she made sure she did not look over to Hermione again. She would not allow Hermione cut the thin thread her sanity was hanging on.
However, the other woman had a totally different thing in mind. She planted herself in front of Madeline, making sure that she could not walk past her.
Madeline's eyes rested on Hermione's face, the woman appeared to have been crying. She stood up straight and cleared her throat in attempt to calm herself. She would not give Hermione the pleasure of seeing her infuriated.
If eyes could kill, Madeline would have dropped dead, because Hermione's pained eyes were shooting daggers into Madeline's head.
"Get out of my way Hermione," Madeline spoke, her tone was calm and very dangerous. She looked over the woman as though she were nothing. Hermione remained adamant. She refused to allow Madeline walk over her, not this time, especially not after what her son had done.
"You have a lot of nerve speaking to me like that Madeline, a whole lot of nerve," Hermione spoke, her voice choked with tears.
Madeline's eyes rested on her again with irritation. Within her, Madeline wanted to push this woman to the floor and walk over her, just to remind Hermione that this was her palace, and she had no place in it, not to her. "I would not repeat myself again."
"And you would not speak to me like that!" Hermione yelled, Madeline drew her face back.
"Not after what your son did to my Albert! He is in the ER, fighting for his life and it is all Lancelot's fault! You should be on your knees, begging for my forgiveness, yet, here you are, looking at me as though I am nothing!"
Madeline scoffed. She rolled her eyes before looking at Hermione again.
"Albert is supposed to be a wolf, with royal blood running through his veins. If he is in the ER fighting for his life, perhaps, you and your son are nothing after all."
Hermione stared at her, puzzled. Madeline shrugged and walked past the woman, deliberately brushing her shoulder with force that caused Hermione to stagger. "Lancelot would pay for what he has done Madeline. I would not let this go."
Her statement struck a chord in Madeline's chest. Deep down, she knew that Hermione was right, she knew that she and Albert would make a mighty deal out of everything and would make sure they gained as much as they could. Her jaw tightened as she walked faster. She refused to turn to reply Hermione. She worried that her anxiety might betray itself through her eyes.
Finally, she approached the door of her husband's study. Madeline flung the door open, ready to claw Lancelot's eyes out. He was standing in front of a bookshelf, while Edward sat on table in front of him. "Lancelot!" Madeline yelled, charging towards him.
"You had better tell me that this rumor about a woman being here is nothing but a rumor, or I swear by the goddess that I'll..."
Her sentence stopped midair when Edward planted himself in front of her. Her husband stood tall, acting as a barricade between she had Lancelot.
"Madeline..." Edward opened his mouth to speak, but Madeline was faster.
She stood fixed to the spot, trying hard to steady her breathing, her thoughts, her body, but nothing was working.
"I am losing my mind," she muttered, underneath her breath. But it was loud enough for Edward to hear.
When she tried to look past him to Lancelot, Edward moved to block her view. She threw her husband a stony glare.
"He has to answer to me."
"And he will," Edward spoke softly. Although he too was enraged, he knew that it was nothing compared to his wife's anger. In her state of mind, there was no telling what she would do if she got close to Lancelot. "He has to tell me why he tried to ruin everything we built together! For him!" Her voice was louder this time, her anger was evident.
"Madeline..."
"What did we not teach him?! What did we not do for him? We were so close, so close to finally succeeding and he throws it all away!" "Madeline..."
But she was far past listening.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Do you think Hermione and Albert would let this slide? They would milk out as much as they can from this situation. You brought a human woman to this palace Lancelot! A human! What were you thinking?!" Madeline began to shiver in anger as she screamed over her husband's shoulder. Edward proceeded to hold her.
Slowly, she melted into her husband's arms.
"Go to your room and rest Madeline. I'll speak to Lancelot myself."
Madeline looked up at him. She wondered how he could be calm at a time like this. In his time, his father's time and even all the fathers before then, none had been foolish enough to do what Lancelot had done. How could Edward be so visibly calm at a time like this?
"Edward..."
"I said, I'll speak to him myself."
The definite tone in his voice caused Madeline to cast a stony glare towards Lancelot, before she turned on her heels and walked away.
There was no way she could do what Edward had asked of her. Go to her room and rest? When Lancelot had started a fire none of them could quench? No. She could not do that.
Madeline had to get to the beginning of this matter. She had to know the truth, and she knew just who would be able to tell her. Peter.
************
Edward turned away from the door after Madeline had left, his eyes rested on his son. Lancelot stood straight, with his hands behind his back.
"Your mother is enraged."
"She doesn't have any reason to be," Lancelot spoke, flatly.
To this, Edward fought back the urge to laugh bitterly. Did Lancelot really not understand the gravity of what he had done?
"Son. I don't think you understand what you did by bringing that woman into this palace."
Lancelot looked down, he knew how angry his father was and he would not annoy him any further.
"It is a taboo, humans and werewolves do not ever coexist!" Slowly, Edward's anger was crawling to the surface. He too could not believe that Lancelot had made such a mistake. He did not care about what Hermione and Albert did or said, unlike Madeline. What he cared about, was what the elders of the council would say if this got to their ears.
Edward knew they would enquire about the hunt, and Edward would not be quiet about it. The council members would not be pleased.
"If this gets to the council Lancelot, we could lose everything, everything that you have worked so hard for! By bringing that woman into this place, you posed a threat to our entire race!"
Lancelot's eyes shot up. Edward noticed the dread in his son's gaze and sought to calm himself.
"Father. I assure you that she is of no threat to us whatsoever. She is only my secretary father. I only brought her here because I had not found a place for her to stay. She is nothing father, she cannot harm us in anyway." Lancelot spoke, trying to reassure his father. If Edward was going to be calm, Lancelot had to make him understand that Roxanne was nothing, absolutely nothing.
"And yet you attacked Albert because of her! What has never been done before, not by males in our family."
"She is my employee father. If you think fighting Albert to keep him from killing her would cause a scandal, think of what having her blood on our hands would have done."
Edward leaned into his chair and settled in it. His eyes were still focused on Lancelot's face.
There was no need yelling and screaming at the top of his voice. The deed had been done, now, they just had to find a way to calm the raging storm.
"Your coronation is to be in fourteen days Lancelot. Let your paws stand firm on the ground, be on all ten of your toes from now on, because you cannot..." He paused, his eyes laid emphasis on the last two words. "You cannot fail."
Lancelot leaned against the shelf once more.
"Yes, father."
***********
Madeline found her way to the servant's quarters, where Peter had a room in. He was to stay there whenever he was on duty. And with all that was happening, Madeline was sure that he would be there.
She walked in, straight to the door of his room. Madeline knocked on it, her fists pounding hard against the iron door.
When she did it twice, the door opened and Peter stood before her. He blinked twice in shock, before bowing. "Your Grace..."
Madeline frowned, her scowl deepened as she cut him short.
"Do spare me your greetings."
Peter looked back up at her, his eyes held confusion in them.
"My queen..."
"You are going to tell me who that woman is, and you're going to do that now."
###CHAPTER 35: WHO ARE YOU?
Peter shrunk under the Queen's stare. From the look on her face and the tone of her voice, he could tell that she was not pleased.
He stepped away from the door, allowing her entrance into the room. He closed the door behind her, bowing once more.
"Your Highness, I must apologize for the part I played in all of this. I should have advised his grace against it. We should never have brought her here."
Madeline looked down at him. As he stood with his head bowed in humility and submission, she could not find it in her to channel her anger towards him. Especially not after he had spoken so calmly and taken full responsibility for what Lancelot had done.
But his apology was not enough. This issue had to be handled, and they had to do so carefully. But first, she had to know who the woman that had thrown her whole family into turmoil was and why she was here.
Lancelot's betrothed, Ava Relish's father was a senior member of the council. If he found out that Lancelot had jumped on Albert to save this woman without thinking about the consequences, he would surely want to know who she was to him. Madeline had to know the answer to the question before then. She had to be able to defend her son to the council if the need should arise.
"Who is she?" she asked.
Peter looked up at her. He did not know if he should tell her the truth, or if she should lie. Lancelot had put him in a tight spot now.
His nostrils twitched, he was nervous. None of this would have happened if Roxanne had stayed at a place, like he had told her too. Now, she had thrown the whole royal family into pandemonium, and only the goddess knew what would become of her now.
Humans were never supposed to know that werewolves existed. To them, they ought to remain myths. Although Roxanne didn't know who...or what Lancelot was yet, it was only a matter of time until she did. What would happen after that?
"I believe I asked a question," Madeline said again. Peter glanced up at the creases on the Queen's forehead. Her face was now almost the same color as her flames of red hair.
"She is young master's secretary, Your Highness. She was supposed to assist me plan and map out the day to day activities of the young master..." Peter said out loud.
With this explanation, he was able to hide the truth without telling a lie. He silently prayed that the Luna would believe him and leave him out of the matter. He hated to be roped into all of this, but he had started it by bringing Lancelot and Roxanne back together, and so he had to fix it.
It was his job to do so.
"And so you thought it was best to keep her here?" Madeline asked. Her left brow arched up in annoyance as she frowned. Just as she had expected, Peter was in on this stupid plan of Lancelot's.
And his explanation was not adding up either. Lancelot had the resources to get the secretary any apartment in London, and yet he decided to keep her here, in this place with him. There was something Peter wasn't telling her, and she was going to discover it.
Whether by hook or by crook.
"It was not a permanent arrangement my queen, in all honesty. But I assure you, young master and I would take care of it. There would be no further problems, I promise you."
As Peter spoke, she looked over him one last time.
"You had better."
With that, she turned away, opened the door, and walked out of the room.
Now that the Luna queen had walked out, Peter struggled to steady his breathing. The Luna's presence had unnerved him, especially as he had not expected her sudden...visit.
Peter began to pace about in his room. He had to something, he had to help Lancelot get out of this mess in one way or another.
But how? He continued to think.
He could not take Roxanne out of here now, that would raise more brows. After all, an innocent man who had no skeletons in his wardrobe had no reason to run. There had to be something else, something else that he could do to help. As he continued to ponder, an idea lit up in his head.
Peter stopped on his tracks to think. It was a great idea! If all parties involved agreed to it, it would help put out the fire in the palace. At least, it would save Lancelot from whatever trouble he had gotten into.
It would be hard, but Peter knew he had to find a way to convince him. He had to find a way to make Arthur help Lancelot.
And he had to take action as soon as possible. Forget Albert, right now, time was Lancelot's greatest enemy.
He hurried out of his Chambers after making sure he was well dressed to enter into the main palace. As he walked, he started to devise ways in which he could convince Arthur to do his bidding.
Peter was certain that Arthur was the only one with the power and ability to help Lancelot right now.
When he got to the palace, he headed straight for the youngest prince's chambers. The door was closed when he arrived, so he knocked gently, while praying that the prince was inside.
When he got no reply, he knocked again, and again. He was about to hit the door for the fourth time when it opened up, revealing Arthur's bright blue eyes and the tiny freckles that were scattered on his nose.
Peter had always thought the young boy was too lovely to come from such a family. He was like a sheep in the middle of wolves. Each of his brothers and even his parents had a deadly personalities and souls, but at first glance, it appeared as though there was not a bone in Arthur's body that could harm anyone.
He was like a rose in the midst of thorns.
Arthur looked up at him, before opening the door wide.
"Peter," he spoke. His statement was both a question and an exclamation.
Peter wasted no time in explaining why he was there.
"Your Grace, I need to speak to you."
Arthur's soft eyes danced all over Peter's face. He stepped away from the door, allowing Peter entrance into the room.
Peter's eyes raked the room with white polished walls. Of all the Dankworth sons, Arthur's room was the brightest. It radiated the pureness of his heart and the light in his soul.
"Today isn't a very good day," Arthur said, moving to his bed.
Peter nodded in agreement.
"Especially not for Lancelot. The repercussion of what happened at the hunt is greater than any of us ever imagined," Peter added.
He noticed the sadness in Arthur's eyes as he spoke of his brother.
Good. It was a good sign.
"I fear for him, my brother."
With the tone of his voice, Peter could tell it was true.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I fear for him too, and that is why I am here, Your Grace. I have come to ask for your help."
Arthur's worried eyes became clouded with confusion.
What could Peter possibly want from him?
"The lady that was caught in the forest, she is a very special person to your brother..." Peter began, but Arthur cut in.
"I know that. He would never have attacked Albert and abandoned something as important as the hunt if it were not so."
Peter nodded, a faint smile on his face.
"I am glad that you think so. However, we cannot allow her to wake up with memories of what she saw. We are not sure she'll be able to handle it, yet alone what she can do with such information."
Arthur tilted his head to the side. His young brain was trying to make sense of what Peter was saying. He knew that there would be problems when the girl finally woke up.
But he did not understand what Peter was asking of him. Or rather, he refused to understand.
Peter sensed this, and continued.
"Your Grace, it would be beneficial to his majesty, and every member of your family if you can use your power to his advantage."
Arthur straightened his gaze. Peter was asking him to use his powers to erase Roxanne's memory of the night before.
He frowned slightly.
It was the gift the goddess had blessed him with. Just like every other member of the Dankworth family, he was blessed with a special gift; the power to erase people's memories. But he had never really liked it, and so seldom used it. He considered his gift a greater evil than good. He did not like that he was able to get into people's heads and take away something as precious as a memory, from them.
But now, he was left with little or not much of a choice.
He rested his gaze on Peter, whose eyes had never left his.
"What you're asking of me, it is..."
"Absolutely necessary, Your Grace. I am only after what is best for his majesty and the royal household. Please, you are Lancelot's only hope."
Only hope. The phrase scared Arthur, but it made him realize that he had to do this, for his brother.
He sighed, rising up from his bed where he previously sat.
Peter's eyes brightened.
"Very well then, let us do this."
As Arthur walked to him, Peter thought he would do a celebratory dance in his head.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Your Grace," Peter called out, when he remembered something very important.
Arthur stopped to look at him.
"This must remain between the both of us. At least, until things settle down."
Arthur looked thoughtful for a while, then nodded in agreement.
But, he also had questions of his own. He looked over Peter, and asked.
"You said this woman was important to my brother. What about Ava?"
That question was not his to answer, and Peter knew. So he shook his head and smiled.
"Your Grace, I'm afraid that is a topic for another time."
Arthur looked away from Peter, nodding in agreement.
With that, he and Peter walked out of the room, heading to the infirmary.
When they got there, Peter ushered him into the room Roxanne lay, after making sure that there was no one around besides them.
Arthur was nervous. It had been so long since he practiced this, he was not even sure if he would still be able to do it with ease. But Peter's eyes were on him, filled with hope. He had to do this, he had to try.
He walked towards her. Even in her sleep, she was beautiful and radiated so much peace. He had not bothered to look at her last night, now that he was here, he was able to drink in her delicate qualities. Arthur stood by her side, and placed his hand on her forehead. He raised his head up and closed his eyes.
Peter watched quietly. Within him, he prayed that his plan would work.
As he touched her head with his eyes closed, he conjured her memories of the night into his mind, taking it away from her.
Arthur removed his hand from her head immediately he was done. If he stayed one second longer, it would be dangerous to her.
When he stepped back, he continued to look at her.
Her chestnut brown her was sprawled all over the pillow and her lips parted.
Arthur was going to turn away from her when he saw her eyelids open and close. It caught his attention, he could not turn away anymore. When her eyelids parted, violet colored orbs stared at his blue ones.
Arthur immediately felt caught in a trance.
'Who are you?' he thought to himself.
###CHAPTER 36: SHE WAS HIS MOTHER?
Roxanne's eyes parted slowly. She blinked twice when the full light of the room greeted her gaze. However, she was more stunned when she caught sight of sea blue eyes staring down at her. Confusion and a faint sense of panic seized her chest immediately. Who was this man?
She sprang up immediately. As she tried to sit up, she felt a splitting headache, as though her head was being hit by a large wooden plank. She g*** in pain, her left hand rose up to her head, she rested it on her forehead. Roxanne took one swift look around the room. The bed she was lying on was two times smaller than hers. The room smelt of methylated spirit and antiseptics, a stark contrast to her normal deodorant and lavender scent. Her eyes looked away from the young man by her side and she followed the rays of sunlight that hit her face to the window beside her. While it was large, the draperies on it were a different color.
Roxanne's eyes widened. She wasn't in her room! Then, where was she? And who was this man looking over her?
He must have noticed she was anxious, because he stepped back and turned away from her, without uttering a single word. Roxanne followed his gaze, her eyes rested on Peter.
Immediately, relief flushed over her, and she felt her panic slowly disappear. One familiar face was all she needed to know that she had not been kidnapped by an English gang member. She had seen too much movies about UK gangs not to fear them.
However, she was still confused. Peter looked as though she had just risen from the dead. The relief on his face was very obvious, it only made Roxanne wonder what had happened to her.
When she tried to speak, her head ached the more. Peter noticed this and rushed to her side.
"Miss Harvey," he said aloud. His voice was laddered with concern, and so was his gaze. Roxanne stretched out a hand to him to assure him that she was okay.
"Peter..." she finally spoke when she managed to find her voice. Her eyes swept across the room again.
"Where am I?" she continued.
Roxanne noticed Peter look over to the young man who was previously standing in front of her. She could not read the looks that the both of them shared, but Peter plastered a smile on his face and turned back to her.
"The palace infirmary," he spoke. Peter's eyes fell to her second hand which lay by her side on the bed. "How are you feeling?"
"Like my head is about to burst open and my brain wants to fall to the ground," she replied. She had not intended to amuse him, but Peter chuckled, and so did the young man by his side. Roxanne took a closer look at his face, he couldn't have been more than twenty years of age. And there was something oddly familiar about his eyes, it was as though she had seen them before.
He turned his face away from her immediately. Roxanne did not know what to make of this, but she looked away from him and focused her eyes on Peter.
"What happened to me?"
On hearing her question, Peter shot up a look to Arthur again, but Roxanne failed to notice this. Her eyes were closed as she slowly massaged her head by herself.
Peter was relieved to know that his plan had worked. If she did not remember how she got here, it certainly meant that she did not remember anything that happened that night. In fact, he was certain that the last memory she had of herself, was in her chambers.
Her mind was like a clean slate. And he was happy about that.
Now, he just had to find a lie good enough for her to believe. He could not afford to make any mistakes.
"You passed out," he spoke, his tone had not lost the concern in it, but there was a sharp edge in his voice, and it caused Roxanne to open her eyes.
"I did?"
Peter seemed to frown for a brief second. Why did she ask like she did not believe him? However, he had started with one story, and he had to complete it.
"Yes. You did. I presume you were stressed from all the reading and sorting of files. I am sure that his grace would give you a week off. You need to recover and be sure that you're strong enough."
Roxanne's eyes narrowed on his. She found it hard to believe. She had collapsed? She had barely done anything to stress her. Besides reading files and anticipating her days ahead.
Peter noticed the query in her eyes and spoke out again. All this while, Arthur was beside him, his fists clenched to his side. This weird lady did not believe Peter - at least not yet. But she did not remember anything about what happened last night either.
"I am sure your body is not used to this environment. The weather, the food, the scenery, even the scent. Perhaps you were homesick. But, when I wanted to give you a copy of his grace's top clients, I found you sprawled on your bedroom floor. I tried to wake you up, but you weren't responding, so I had to rush you here," Peter spoke again. He made sure to sound as believable as he could this time.
And it seemed to work, because Roxanne's eyes softened immediately. She smiled, but it was a sad smile. Perhaps, Peter was right. She knew she missed home terribly, she must have fallen sick, like he had said. Roxanne's eyes glittered with gratitude as she looked at Peter.
"Thank you, I really appreciate your caring for me."
Peter returned the smile and was about to say something when they heard loud footsteps approach the door. With the pace, whoever was stomping towards them was very furious. Roxanne wondered who it might be. The footsteps stopped, and a female voice spoke from the door.
"You," It said. The disdain and irritation in the voice was enough to send cold down her spine.
Roxanne, Arthur and Peter turned towards the door immediately.
Peter bowed his head, and so did the young man beside her.
"Your majesty," Peter said.
"Mother," the other boy muttered.
But Roxanne continued to stare at the woman. She was confused, but in awe of the woman's beauty and elegance.
The woman stood, clad in a white suit jacket, and trouser. She stood tall, firm and confident in white heels. Even though her eyes seemed to have heavy bags under them, it did not stop them from causing Roxanne to melt under her stare. 'Who was this woman?' Roxanne thought to herself.
Her presence in the room alone had sent Roxanne's heart racing, and not the good kind of race. She felt a faint sense of fear and intimidation.
It did not help that the woman was staring down at her. She took few steps into the room. And with every sound of her heels on the marble floor, Roxanne's heart pounded against her chest.
How could one woman have such a domineering presence?
The woman tore her eyes away from Roxanne and focused them on Arthur.
"What are you doing here?"
Roxanne turned towards the man the lady spoke to. He bowed his head down as he spoke as well.
"Mother, I ..."
"Mother," the thick baritone that followed caused Roxanne's body to freeze instantly. She felt her stomach turn, but with pleasure. This time, the cold that froze her spine was pleasant, it warmed her insides. She knew that voice like she knew her own palm prints.
Roxanne's eyes turned to the door. And her heart melted once she saw him. Was he here to see how she was doing? He must have heard what happened to her, and decided to come and see if she was okay. Did he care about her?
She continued to stare at him, but he did not spare her a single glance.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
The woman he called mother... Roxanne paused.
She was his mother?
Roxanne's eyes swept over the woman once more. She could not believe that such a young woman had a son of Lancelot's age.
"Your Grace."
"Brother."
Peter and Arthur said simultaneously. Lancelot only looked at them, but his eyes did not even spare Roxanne a glance. Within her, she felt her heart fall.
Madeline turned to her son, a scowl on her face. Lancelot ignored it and walked closer to her.
"If there's anything you want to say, say it to me."
He sounded so cold, even colder than his ice blue eyes.
Roxanne watched in silence as the woman hissed and walked out of the room, brushing past him.
She hoped that Lancelot would look down at her. Even if he didn't smile, he could at least acknowledge her presence.
But, he simply turned away from the room and walked behind his mother.
Roxanne felt her heart shatter to a million pieces. He had ignored her on purpose. Why would he do such a thing?
She came all the way here, more than 7 hours and an ocean away from her home just to work for him, the least he could do was care about her well-being, something he obviously did not do. Her sad eyes turned away from the door and focused on Peter.
He had a reassuring smile on his face.
But Roxanne was far from reassured.
What was really going on?
###CHAPTER 37: THERE'S FIRE ON THE MOUNTAIN
Lancelot walked briskly behind his mother. Madeline wasn't in her right frame of mind, and he knew it.
With her current mood, Lancelot knew that she would rain hell and high water on Roxanne. He knew that she was going to make a scene. He needed to make sure she spoke to him before meeting Roxanne. Whatever venom Madeline had in her mouth to spit, he had to make sure she spat it to him first.
Madeline would surely get to question Roxanne. But he had to make sure that she was in a clear state of mind before doing so.
However, Madeline got to the room before him. Lancelot managed to appear behind her before any damage was done.
His mother was an extremely dangerous woman when she was furious. And right now, Madeline was more than furious, she was enraged, mad with anger and disappointment. Right now, Madeline could say and pronounce anything on Roxanne, and her word would stand.
Lancelot did not need that drama, not now.
"Mother," he called out to her as he stood by the door. His eyes rose up to meet Arthur's, then drifted to Peter. His jaw tightened and his eyes narrowed at his personal assistant. What were they doing here?
But that was a question for later. Right now, Lancelot had more urgent things to focus on.
He made sure he did not look at Roxanne. He was not ready for any form of communication, not even the smallest of eye contact, between them.
Lancelot's eyes returned to his mother's raged ones. She looked up at him with a scowl on her face.
"If there's anything you want to say, say it to me."
Madeline was annoyed by her son's audacity. How could he be so cold towards her even after what he had done? He was supposed to be remorseful, trying to soothe her so she could think of a way to pull him out of his mess.
Still, there he was. His two hands in his pocket, and a cold and nonchalant look in his eyes. He appeared as though he did not care what she thought, and his tone was more of a dismissal than a cry for approval.
However, Madeline was going to listen to him. He wanted her to say what she thought to him right? Very well then, she would talk to him, because she had a lot to say.
Lancelot watched his mother approach him. She tore her eyes away from him and walked ahead. Her shoulders brushed his arm roughly, his eyes followed her trail, before he turned and walked behind her.
Madeline remained quiet as she walked back to her chambers. Her blood boiled with rage, confusion and anger. However, amidst her anger, she still found a way to plot and strategize. She began to think of ways to defend Lancelot in the council of elders. She might not be given the opportunity to attend the meeting, due to the severity of the case, nevertheless, she could convey her thoughts to Edward, and he would speak at the council.
Madeline had always been the brain, while Edward's father was the fist. It was how they had been able to acquire much more power and riches than any of Edward's fathers. Their pack had flourished immensely since Edward's reign as Alpha King, and that was all she had wanted for Lancelot.
All he had done was disappoint her. It hurt Madeline, a great deal.
With the way she walked, Lancelot knew that his mother's mind was far away from here. While her body was physically present, her mind was absent. He was certain that she was either thinking of one way to say the many things that were in her mind, or she was thinking of what to say to the elders at the council.
Finally, when they arrived at the Queen's chambers, Madeline opened her door and walked into the room. Lancelot followed behind her, closing the door gently after his mother.
Madeline began to pace horizontally around the room, from one end of the wall to another. This time, Lancelot stayed quiet and watched her walk about.
She was visibly furious. Her face had turned a darker shade of red, and her eyes had a demonic glare in them. She was like a snake who was running out of patience to strike its prey. Finally, she turned her gaze to him.
"You should be ashamed of what you have done," she said, her tone was oddly calm. Madeline was not screaming at the top of her voice, but Lancelot knew his mother enough to know that her calm tone did not mean she was less furious, or less dangerous. If anything, it meant that you had to be scared.
So, he stood with his head slightly bowed, saying nothing.
Madeline walked closer to him with slow steps. She stopped when she stood right in front of him.
"What do you have to say for yourself?" she asked again. But now, her voice was becoming louder.
Still, he stayed quiet. And his silence only infuriated Madeline all the more.
"I am speaking to you Lancelot! And you would answer me! What did your father and I not do?!"
'A lot of things.' Lancelot wanted to say. However, he did not. He simply remained quiet, his gaze fixed on his mother's toe nails. He had to distract himself with a more pleasant sight.
But Madeline was not done talking yet.
"We did our best to mould you into the man you needed to be. We spared no expense in making sure you attended the best schools! From elementary, even to college! You never lacked anything, all we asked from you was discipline, intelligence and the charisma of the Alpha King you are supposed to be!"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
They were in close proximity. As she screamed, bits of saliva touched Lancelot's face.
His teeth clenched, his jaw tightened and his fists curved into balls behind his back.
'The Alpha King he was supposed to be'? Lancelot fought back the urge to scoff bitterly.
Had it ever occurred to any of this parents that he did not want to be Alpha King? Had it ever occurred to them that he did not want any of this? The responsibility bestowed upon him, the expectations, the numerous people he fought hard to beat at everything every single day?
No. Neither of them had ever stopped to ask him what he wanted for himself.
Hell! He was not even given a chance to decide. After the incident that happened all those years ago, he was pushed into preparation to become the next king. He was detached from his reality and planted into a different space entirely. Fourteen years had already passed, and Lancelot was still not fully comfortable in his new space. How could he be? It was not destined to be his in the first place. He had only carried on because he was left with no choice. The honor of his family came first, before any other thing.
"You have nothing to say for yourself, don't you? Not even a good reason why you made the stupid mistake of allowing a weak and filthy human desecrate this palace walls and ruin a ritual so sacred?!" Madeline thundered before laughing bitterly.
Lancelot's eyes rose up to meet Madeline's. When she stopped laughing, she threw him a stony and freezing glare.
"Your father and I entrusted everything into your hands. But I can see we made a mistake..."
"Mother..." Lancelot tried to cut in, but Madeline did not give him a chance.
"Don't. You. Even. Dare," she counted her words as she spoke, waving a finger at Lancelot's face. Tears gathered in Madeline's eyes as she spoke. But it was not for pain or sadness, it was for anger.
"Your father and I taught you everything we know! I expected more from you Lancelot. I expected you to know that the future of this family rests on your shoulders! So we pushed you, after Bran died, we pushed you to become a greater man! You do not know the stakes on that throne, do you? Every one of our enemies want it, your cousin, Albert, has eyes on the throne! What do you think he and his greedy mother would make of this situation?!..." She paused, and moved closer to him.
"Wherever he is, Bran would be ashamed of your poor decisions, and frankly, so am I."
That was the finishing blow for Lancelot. The mention of his brother's name caused him to remember the one night he so desperately wanted to forget. The night of the incident that changed their family's life forever.
The night of the incident that plunged him into the dark cave he had not yet been able to escape. It was the night that his whole world came crashing down, and a new one which he did not belong to was built for him. Or rather, he was thrown into the world.
Why? Why did his mother decide to speak of Bran now? After all those years, Lancelot thought that he would be less hurt by the mention of his brother's name. But as he heard it now, he realized that with time, the pain seemed to increase, instead of reduce.
"If Bran were alive..."
"Mother!"
Lancelot could not hold it in any longer. His sanity had been hanging on to a thin thread since. But, with the mention of Bran's name for the second time, Madeline managed to cut the thin thread.
Madeline stared at her son's face. She was surprised by his outburst. It was the first time in a long while that he showed any form of emotion. Madeline did not know whether to be happy, or sad. But immediately she blinked, the sadness in Lancelot's eyes was gone.
It was almost as if she had only imagined it.
His eyes and face returned to their normal nonchalant and blank stare again.
Madeline was going to say something when she heard a knock on her door.
Lancelot turned his back towards his mother in order to open his door.
When he did, he found his grandmother, Lady Marion, standing at the foot of his mother's door.
Lancelot bowed.
"Grandmother."
Lady Marion looked over him, a frown on her face.
"I would advice you and your mother to go to the throne room now. There's fire on the mountain."
###CHAPTER 38: WE HAVE A LIFE TO RUIN
She rushed into the room where her son lay, slightly startling him. She continued to pace about. Madeline's words continued to echo in her head even after all she had tried to get rid of it.
"If he is fighting for his life, perhaps he is nothing after all." She could not get it out of her head, no matter how hard she tried.
"The nerve of that woman," she muttered, underneath her breath.
Hermione continued to pace about, Albert rested his gaze on her. He wondered what it could have been that made his mother so nervous.
She turned to him and frowned, her eyes danced all over his frame. He was seated, up straight, on his hospital bed. His shoulders and under his arms were wrapped with bandages, to prevent infections from entering into his wounds, at least until they healed.
Looking at him, she did feel sorry for him. But she could not shake off the anger at the pit of her stomach.
"Where is your sister?" Hermione asked, Albert scoffed.
"You know how she is. She left to pick a call from ...ahh!" he screamed, holding on to his right shoulder. Hermione wanted to rush to him, but Albert held out a hand to stop her from doing so.
She stood in her spot and watched her son struggle to keep his arms straight.
Hermione's teeth clenched in annoyance.
Lancelot, Madeline's son, had done this to him. It was Lancelot who put him in a hospital bed and made him appear weak, it was Lancelot who gave Madeline the guts to insult her, every bad thing that had ever happened to her son, was because of Lancelot.
Albert was four months older than him, but Lancelot seemed to attract all the good things of life. From business partners, to properties, to awards, Lancelot just always seemed to get everything he wanted, while leaving the barest minimum for everyone else around him.
To Hermione, Lancelot and his mother were selfish and self-centered people. Madeline did not give a damn about anyone or anything else, except Lancelot taking her husband's place as Alpha King.
But she would not let that happen, Hermione thought. All these years, she had been waiting for good and perfect Lancelot to make one mistake, just one mistake that could not be easily covered up my Madeline.
Alas! The goddess had answered her prayers. Lancelot was in big trouble and Hermione was determined to make sure the trouble became so big that Madeline would not be able to use her resources or her brain to pull him out of it.
This was her fish net, and Lancelot was already caught in it. Now, she just needed the perfect plan. She tried to think of the best way to make good use of the atrocity Lancelot had committed, but she could not find any.
Hermione also wondered whether to take Albert back to the palace, or return without him and table her complaint to the council of elders.
But, if she tried to get their pity, they would sense Albert as weak. And that would ruin his chances of ever getting their support for Albert. Hermione shook her head.
No. She had to come up with a better idea, something that would make Lancelot appear incapable while presenting Albert as the best option for them.
She smiled. Hermione returned her eyes to her son, Albert had a brow raised as he looked at her.
"What?" Hermione asked, rushing to her son's side.
"Why are you smiling like that mother?" Albert asked, his gaze continued to follow his mother, until she grabbed the stool beside his bed and settled into it. "Our prayers are about to be answered..."
Albert shrugged and looked away. "Mother..."
"Albert, wait. Listen to what I have to say," Hermione said aloud, placing a hand on her son's lap.
His eyes fell on his mother's pleading ones again. Albert loved his mother, but he had never understood her obsession with wanting to make him the Alpha King, instead of a son of her brother, Alpha Edward.
All these years, he had carried along with her plan. Albert could not deny it, at a point, the idea of becoming the Alpha King pleased him. The idea of having more power and more influence than Lancelot excited him the most. Soon, he grew to desire the position.
"I'm listening mother."
Hermione's eyes brightened at her son's approval. She drew the stool closer and leaned into him.
"We have to find a way to turn the elders of the council against him. We have to give them reasons why he is unfit to rule this kingdom."
Albert's eyes narrowed on his mother. To the rest of the world, Lancelot was close to perfect. How did she intend to make Lancelot seem unfit for anything at all?
"Lancelot is perfection itself mother. The elders of the council adore him. So much so that Garret Relish allowed his daughter who was betrothed before to become Lancelot's. How can you turn such a man against Lancelot?"
On hearing his question, Hermione appeared thoughtful for a while.
"You're right," she said out loud.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I always am," Albert replied. There was a mocking edge to his tone, but Hermione ignored it.
"But! There is a way," as she spoke, her eyes brightened and Albert was curious to know his mother's grand plan.
When she saw that she had Albert's full attention, she began.
"The human woman that he almost killed you for. She is the answer to all our problems! Think about it. Whoever she was, she was certainly important to him. Knowing how important the hunt was, he would never have sacrificed it for anybody. He would have killed you Albert! And for what? A being as weak and frivolous as humans? How dare he?" Hermione spoke, as the anger in her stomach began to rise to the surface.
Albert sighed and looked away from his mother. What she said was true. Mentioning to the council that Lancelot had introduced a human into their palace was going to get him sanctioned. But he was not sure it was enough to keep Lancelot away from being crowned Alpha King.
He wondered if he should tell his mother about what had almost happened in the forest. When he thought for a while, he decided to do it.
"To be honest mother, I am the one who would have killed Lancelot at the hunt that day," Albert spoke up, keeping his gaze away from his mother.
Hermione thought that she did not hear her son well at first. Her eyes widened as she looked up at him.
"What did you say?" she asked again. Her eyes and her tone were both laced with disbelief. When Albert did not reply her, she repeated the question again. But her tone was far from friendly this time. ."What.Did.You.Say?"
Albert turned to his mother's surprised face. He did not understand why she looked so shocked. Was it because he had almost killed Lancelot? Or because she did not imagine him ever doing such a thing.
"He would have been dead mother. The human just had to get in the way," Albert replied. He continued to look at his mother, anticipating her response.
She appeared very shocked, but she did not say anything about it. Instead, she blinked twice, cleared her throat and sat up straight.
"That was not a very smart move to make Albert," she finally said. Her tone was calm, as she looked away from him.
Albert was surprised to hear his mother speak in such a manner. He had always thought she wanted him to be Alpha King at all costs, so why did she suddenly sound displeased?
"Mother, I thought..."
"You would not make such decisions without informing me first. What if something were to happen to you in the process? What would I have done?" As she scolded him, Hermione's eyes softened. Albert noticed this, and smiled sadly. "Forgive me mother. I would make sure I do so, next time."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Hermione shot him a glare.
"If anyone was watching you..."
"There's no reason to fear. Asides from the woman who blindly walked into me, I was a..." Albert's words hung midair.
Worried, Hermione tapped him urgently.
"Albert?"
He smiled and looked down at her.
"I just thought of something mother," he spoke. Truly, a brilliant theory and idea had just crossed his mind. If they executed it properly, they were sure to get their results. "What is that?"
Albert's evil grin widened, and he chuckled.
"Imagine that Lancelot planted that human female on purpose to destroy the hunt. He knew that one of us would surely find her, she would raise an alarm, and he would be the gallant knight who would come to her rescue. We can say..." "That he sabotaged the ritual on purpose..." Hermione added, her eyes glittered, and her lips were spread into a thin smile.
"Excellent, mother, just excellent."
Hermione giggled as she rose up from her chair.
"Albert, you can walk, can't you?"
His brows furrowed.
"Of course mother, why?"
Hermione lips thinned into a smirk.
"We're heading back to the palace my boy. We have a life to ruin."
###CHAPTER 39: A HUMAN WOMAN?
Twenty elders, from neighboring packs, and regions were seated in the throne room, awaiting Alpha Edward's presence. It was already noon and none of them had heard any word concerning the hunt. Not even the head of council, Garrett Relish, who was almost like a member of the family.
So, they had gathered themselves and arranged an emergency meeting in the palace. Now, they were all present and seated comfortably, with Garrett at the head table.
Finally, Edward walked into the throne room. He had just been told by a palace guard that his elders were waiting for him. He managed to get himself prepared as quickly as he could both physically and mentally he knew why they were here. When he walked in, the elders bowed to him in unison.
"Your Highness, we greet you Alpha."
Edward looked around, he waved his hand in response to their greeting with a nervous smile on his face. He settled into the royal seat, the seat of his father and all the fathers before him. Within him, he prayed that his son would not lose this seat as a result of what he had done.
He looked around, Madeline and Lancelot were not here yet. After hearing about the arrival of the elders, he had begged his mother to alert his wife and son, while demanding for their presence.
"Tell them to meet me in the throne room, there is fire on the mountain," he had said.
Edward heaved a sigh.
"You can do this," he said to himself. He did not show it, but Edward was shaking within him. He feared for the future of his throne, for the future of his son. He only wished he had spoken to Madeline before showing up for this meeting. "Alpha Edward..." Garrett Relish, as head of the council of elders, was the first to speak.
"The ceremonial hunt of your son, and future Alpha King of this kingdom was to take place last night, and we are sure it did..." He paused, before turning to the rest of his elders.
"Or are we not?" he finally asked again.
"We are!" they chorused, even though their voices were not in harmony.
'It did not,' Edward thought to himself, but he said nothing.
"And yet, it is almost dusk, and we haven't heard a word about how the hunt went. We were all supposed to receive celebratory invites to drink and be merry over your son's accomplishment. But, up to the moment we stepped foot into the palace, there has been nothing of such..." He stopped to look around.
"And from what I'm seeing, no preparations are being made."
"At all!" an elder from the crowd of elders said aloud, other murmured in agreement.
Edward swallowed hard. His eyes looked around the room once more.
Where was Madeline?
"So, we are here as your elders and members of your royal cabinet, to ask you what is going on."
Edward sighed and looked towards the men again.
"Well, as you have noted, there would be no celebrations for my son's hunt..."
The murmurs that erupted from the elders was enough to deafen him. Annoyed, Edward screamed, demanding their silence and attention.
"As you all know, Lancelot is a very quiet and private man, so he decided to make it so," Edward stated, his tone taking a definite form.
But the elders would not budge.
"He is not even alpha yet, and he is changing tradition?!" a voice called out from the crowd.
"The ceremony is of as much importance as the ceremonial hunt! It is the day he is supposed to dine and wine with the sages of this pack! For our blessings!"
"Exactly!" Other elders cheered the speaker.
Garrett looked over to Edward, he noticed the faint sadness in the man's eyes. It was very tough to have a son as reserved as Lancelot, and Garrett knew. But, for the sole reason that Lancelot was to be his son-in-law in less than a month, he decided it would not hurt to help the young man out.
"My elders!" he called out. The room became silent at the mention of his voice.
"Let us not forget that we are in the presence of the Alpha. We cannot insult his authority with such meaningless noise making. Let us not forget that the man we are talking about is to be our Alpha in less than five days, we must respect him. It was one wolf from the Dankworth royal family that began the ceremonial breakfast. Therefore, it was very much allowed if another Dankworth wolf, intends to put an end to it," he spoke, earning him the full attention of his colleagues, and Edward too.
"Why would he not put an end to it, when his son has desecrated the sacredness of the ceremonial hunt," a female voice called from the end of the room.
They would have not listened to her, but she had just spoken about something very delicate to all of them.
Every head turned towards the door, including Edward's.
Hermione stood by the door, with Albert by her side.
Edward's heart skipped a beat. Was she not supposed to be at the hospital with Edward till tomorrow? What were they doing here now?
As she turned to the seat of the throne, her eyes met Edward's. Hermione stared deeply into her brother's cold eyes.
"Forgive me brother, but I am first my father's daughter and a daughter of this pack, before I am your sister. And I just fulfill my responsibilities to the land in which I was raised," Hermione said aloud, turning her face away from Edward. By this time, the elders had grown curious. They all exchanged glances, anticipating what Hermione had to say.
"If you have something to say, say it already!" a man called out.
"Yes, why do you keep us waiting?" another voice came.
"You cannot keep us in suspense for so long! Talk to us."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Hermione was going to speak again, but Albert held his mother back. When she turned towards him, there was a wry smile on his lips.
This blow was his to deliver.
He stepped forward and bowed to Edward and the elders.
"My uncle, the Alpha, I greet you Your Grace. Elders of this royal cabinet, I greet you as well." But nobody replied. There was so much tension in the air for them to bother about exchanging greetings. He stepped forward again, using his both hands to gesture around the room.
Edward's heart thundered against his chest. He had thought that he would be able to settle the elders and put the matter behind him. Now that Hermione was here, she was determined to bring everything to light. It was only now that Edward understood why Madeline had always said Hermione was not to be trusted.
When Albert got to the middle of the large throne room, he looked around and spoke.
"There was no ceremonial breakfast after the hunt, because there was no hunt."
Once again, murmurs erupted from around the room, like magma from a volcano. No one could believe what they had just heard.
There was no hunt? It was always scheduled for a blood moon, and there was to be no blood moons again in this season, so did they intend to wait till next season for Lancelot's coronation?
However, Garrett was the one most bothered by this revelation. The more the hunt delayed, the more his daughter's marriage to Lancelot would be pushed aside.
What had happened?
"Did you say, there was no hunt?" Garrett asked, just to be sure he had heard correctly. When Albert smiled and turned to Edward, Garrett's eyes fell on the Alpha as well. Edward's eyes were burning with rage, even though the rest of his body failed to show it.
Did they have something they were keeping away from them?
Garrett did not need to ask anymore, because the answer slipped out of Albert's mouth immediately.
"The hunt was obstructed by a human female..."
Garrett's eyes widened.
"A what?!" The entire hall was thrown into pandemonium. There was so much noise, no one could hear themselves. Edward sat quietly, ready to watch the drama unfold in front of him. "The human female was brought here by the prince, Lancelot. I know so, because he abandoned the hunt, after almost killing me, to rescue the girl, the IMPOSTOR, from my hold." Garrett could not believe his ears, neither could his colleagues. Around him, people continued to murmur, but he stood straight, looking around and saying absolutely nothing. Just then, Madeline stomped into the throne room, but no one paid any mind to her. Confused, she turned to her husband. When their gazes locked, Madeline's heart fell.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
They knew, they all knew. She turned back to look at the figure she had brushed past while entering the throne room. Madeline had been in such a hurry that she did not note the face before. Her eyes met with Hermione's smiling face. Madeline wanted nothing more than to walk to her and crack her skull against the wall.
Behind her, Lancelot casually strolled into the throne room. He wore his usual aloof look, and walked with so much assurance in his steps, he did not mind that he was walking into his own demise. Somehow, the elders seemed to notice his presence, because they all became silent and turned to the door.
"You!" an elder cried out.
Lancelot stood by his mother and looked up at the man who was pointing fingers at him. With a casual shrug, he looked away from the man and focused his eyes on his mother.
"He even has the guts to hold his head high after what he's done!" an angry voice called out from the elders.
Madeline's eyes pleaded with Lancelot to at least show some sign of remorse, but he did no such thing. "He has desecrated this land! And put every single one of us in danger!"
"A human woman? A human woman? In the Royal palace? Such an abomination has never been seen before!"
"We expect better from the heir to the throne. What would happen after you're alpha? You would allow the witches, vampires and only the goddess knows what, into our lands and have them frolick with our females!"
Amidst their accusations and yells, Lancelot stayed quiet. It was obvious on his face that he did not care, or did not see the reason why the elders were so furious. Madeline moved to him to pinch him, but Lancelot did not look down at her. His gaze was focused on Albert. His cousin had a smug smile on his face. At that moment, Lancelot regretted not biting his neck off, or even scratching Albert's eyes out.
"Elders, wait!" Madeline tried to intervene, but she was shut out.
"We would not let you speak for your son's evil, Your Majesty. If there is any bone of integrity in him, let him speak for himself." It was Garrett who spoke this time, his eyes narrowed on his future son-in-law.
He was still finding it hard to believe. And he hoped, for Ava's sake, that it was not true. Even if it was, he hoped that Lancelot would have a good explanation to give to the council. It was clear that the elders were not taking the matter lightly
at all.
Hearing the man question his authority was more than enough to cause Lancelot to look away from Albert, to the elderly man.
If talking was going to shut them all up, then he would talk.
However, Lancelot knew he had to be careful. This was his fight, and it was obvious neither his mother nor his father was allowed to intervene.
###CHAPTER 40: YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT
It was on that note, that Lancelot stood straight, his head help up high to address the council.
"Elders of this prestigious cabinet..." he started, just as his father had taught him. His opening sentence caused all of them to focus on him, all side chattering seized immediately. Lancelot sighed within him, at least he would be able to hear himself speak.
"I must say that I understand your concerns, I know your fears and I deserve your anger. The hunt came to an abrupt halt, because I had to rescue the woman from my cousin, Albert. He was going to kill her," Lancelot spoke up, in the best understanding way that he could.
Obviously, it was not enough. Immediately he was done, the murmurs started again.
"That doesn't matter! She did herself wrong by trespassing, she deserved whatever was coming for her!"
"Yes! Albert should have been allowed to tear her into pieces! How would a human stroll into our territory and live in good health to tell the story? It was never happened!"
"And it will never happen!" two elders chorused again.
Hermione and Albert were enjoying every moment of Lancelot's disgrace. Finally, everyone could see that the high and mighty Lancelot Dankworth was not as good or as smart as he appeared to be after all. And it pleased both mother and son.
Neither Madeline nor Edward could speak up on his behalf. Even Garrett was very furious, if this woman meant anything to Lancelot, his daughter's place in this family would be threatened. Ava had been raised her whole life for this particular purpose, he would not sit back and allow a scrawny human woman steal it from under her nose, never.
"Elders!" Lancelot called out again. All eyes returned to him once more. Albert was particularly surprised how much Lancelot could talk, despite the fact that more than half of the population in the room were against him. Where did his cousin get his courage and boldness from?
When Lancelot was sure he had gotten their attention, he spoke up.
"I know that humans are worthless entities who mean absolutely nothing to us. However, that does not require us to stain our hands with their blood!"
"Your Grace..." an elder wanted to speak, but Lancelot cut in.
"If we decide to do as we like with them, act as swines and distasteful beings, we would be the exact thing we accuse them of being; uncivil, uncultured, tyrants. I was only doing my duty as the Alpha Prince of this pack and saving us from a huge scandal," he spoke again. His voice was charming, and so was his poise and confidence.
When he spoke, he spoke like a true leader who had the sincere and genuine interest of his people at heart.
And it sickened Hermione from where she stood. She had not expected it to turn out like this. It was becoming too easy for him to win the council over. She took in deep breaths to scan Lancelot's audience, their eyes had began to soften slowly. The elders were beginning to see reason with him.
Hermione shook her head. No. She could not allow it to happen. This opportunity had presented itself on a platter of gold and she would use it to her utmost advantage.
"None of it would have happened if you didn't bring her here," Hermione's voice filled the air.
From where Madeline stood, her brows furrowed, anger flooded her veins and poisoned her blood. Lancelot was already doing a good job in reasoning with the elders, but Hermione was desperately trying to sabotage her son's effort. Why wouldn't this woman accept defeat and find some other dream to pursue with her children?
Lancelot's jaw tightened at his aunt's question, but he made sure he did not show it. From the look on Albert's face and the tone of his aunt's voice, he could tell they were desperately trying to get under his skin, unnerve him and throw him off balance. It annoyed Lancelot, they underestimated him far too much for his liking.
"Or, do you wish to deny that you do not know this lady?" Hermione added.
"I do not deny it, I do know her."
The council murmured amongst themselves.
"And you brought her here, despite knowing the consequences," she added again.
Madeline's blood was already boiling, and Edward could see it from where he sat. So, he made sure not to take his eyes off his wife again.
"Yes, I did. But I must assure you it was not my intention to keep her here for long."
"Of course it wasn't! She came just in time to help you sabotage the hunt, and she would leave right after. That was your plan, was it not? You were scared that you would lose not only your pride, but every other thing you have, to my son. You just had to stoop so low to planting a mole, just to find an excuse to run off. How very aristocratic," Hermione spat, bitterly.
Lancelot was going to ignore her harsh remark and blow her off gently, but Madeline would have none of it. She turned on her heels and walked to the woman, charging in fury towards her.
Hermione caught sight of Madeline approaching her in anger. But she did not move, she had already succeeded in infuriating the woman. And now, there was nothing that Madeline could do, she had lost.
When Madeline stood in front of her, she was ready to give Hermione a slap across her cheek. Her left hand was already up in the air, Hermione closed her ears in fear. All that remained was for Madeline's hand to land on Hermione's cheek. "Stop!" Madeline's wolf heard the voice of her mate, Artemis. Madeline's hands stuck midair, her eyes drifted to her husband's loving stare. Edward shook his head gently, urging her to lay low. Defeated, Madeline dropped her hand by her side and walked away from Hermione. She wasn't sure she could bear to look at the woman's face without wanting to strangle her.
When the commotion was over, Garrett returned his eyes to Lancelot. He had to know who this woman was.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Who is the human woman?" Garrett asked.
Lancelot looked up at him, he cleared his throat so he could speak calmly.
"Nothing. Nothing a council as prestigious as this should bother about. I assure you, she would be properly taken care off," he spoke; his eyes focused on each of the elder's faces.
Garrett sighed and looked around to his colleagues.
"This was not the ending we had all expected. But I am sure that we would all want to retire to our homes now. We do hope that you take care of this..." His eyes locked with Lancelot's before slowly drifting to Madeline's. "...problem before our next council meeting. We would be wanting reports. You are to be our leader soon. We are expecting accountability and utmost transparency."
"You have nothing to worry about," Lancelot replied, curtly.
With that, the elders rose to leave, and Lancelot turned away from his mother. But, Madeline's hands drew him back. When Lancelot turned to her again, she had a dangerous glare in her eyes. "Mother..."
"I would ask you this and I would only ask it once. Who is that woman?"
Lancelot sighed, looking away from her, over to the hall that was becoming empty. How could he answer the question when he, himself, did not even know who she was to him? So, he gave the answer he was very familiar with. "Mother, she is nothing."
Madeline's eyes danced over him.
"She had better be. You are engaged to be married to Ava Relish and that should be enough reason for you to behave yourself. He is a very important part of this royal cabinet and you cannot have him against you. He is a powerful ally, but a more dangerous nemesis. You cannot ruin your chance by yourself, because I would not let you." She made sure that he understood the intensity of the situation.
Lancelot looked back at her.
"I would take care of it."
"How?" Madeline did not look away from him, not even for a split second.
"I would make sure she leaves the palace. It is the only thing to do."
"No," Madeline replied, flatly.
Lancelot's eyes narrowed on his mother.
"No?"
"You said she came here to work right? Very well then, she would work in this palace."
Lancelot forced himself to stop his eyes from widening.
"Mother?"
"It is now a public issue. Brows would be raised and tongues would wag. An innocent man has nothing to hide. Taking her away from here would be as though you have moved your business to a secret place. She would remain here, under my watchful eyes." When she looked at Lancelot, he appeared to be lost.
Madeline frowned.
"Or do you have a problem with that?"
Lancelot looked away.
"No, mother, not at all."
"Good." Madeline looked over him and walked away...
###CHAPTER 41: SHE WAS CONFUSED
Roxanne still found it hard to recover from her heart break...could she really call it that? Heartbreak only occurred after someone failed to do what it was that they were supposed to do, or just refused to do what was expected of them, therefore, hurting the other party.
But, could she really say Lancelot's reaction had broken her heart? Did she expect anything from him? Was he obliged to give her anything? Roxanne did not understand why so many questions continued to run through her mind. The splitting headache she still felt did not help matters either.
Peter moved closer to her, examining her delicate facial features for any sign of stress. Despite the many hours she had slept, there were bags under her eyes, and she looked visibly pale.
"You need to have breakfast," he noted. Roxanne looked at him, a sad smile on her face.
"And you need to shower too."
"I can't do that here," she replied, forcing a witty smile on her face.
Peter noticed, he wanted to tell her that she did not ever have to fake emotions, especially not around him. Seeing Lancelot continually lie to himself and fake emotions for people all day was tiring and triggering enough for Peter, he really did not need another Lancelot in his life.
He wondered why people found it hard to show how they really felt. But then again, he also realized that in the times he was genuinely pissed at Lancelot, he had never said a word about it. And when Lancelot required his help, he gave it with a smile plastered on his face. So, he too, was a hypocrite. Peter flinched, it wasn't a very nice thing to discover about yourself.
"Understandable," he finally muttered, under his breath. He took one long look at Arthur, who had his eyes outside the window.
"His majesty and I shall escort you back to your chambers Miss Roxanne. Just to make sure that you do not fall again," Peter spoke, sending a wink to Roxanne.
She giggled. This time, it was a genuine sound. Peter had the ability to bring light to the darkest of situations. Perhaps, that was how he was able to work for Lancelot for so long. He often heard people at work talk about how he was the longest lasting PA Lancelot had ever had.
On hearing his statement, Arthur turned to him. His eyes ran over Roxanne's pale frame once more, when their eyes locked, he looked away again.
Roxanne looked away from the young man, who she now knew as Lancelot's brother, and focused her gaze on Peter.
"Please do. The smell of antiseptic is very sickening."
"Not to talk of the methylated spirit. I have not been able to breathe properly since I stepped into this room," Peter added, feigning a frown. The sight caused Roxanne to laugh out loud. "Neither have I. I really need to get out of here."
Peter bowed in courtesy and stretched out a hand to her.
"Then, by all means Miss Harvey, be my guest."
Roxanne's smile broadened. She loved the way Peter was always active. He seemed to always have the right joke for every situation, he seemed to always know what to say.
Roxanne placed her hand in Peter's, she placed her feet on the ground and clutched his hands for support as she stood up. When she felt her knees buckle slowly, she gripped his hand firmly. Peter's eyes flew to hers.
"Easy now, take it easy. Step by step, slow strides."
Despite the pain killers she had taken earlier, the b*** in her head had not yet reduced. In fact, as she placed her bare feet on the cold marble floor, it seemed to worsen. Roxanne felt like her head was going to split into two uneven parts. She closed her eyes firmly as she struggled to stand still. When she finally got the proper grip on the floor, she eased her hand from Peter's hold.
"Are you certain you are okay, Miss Harvey?" he asked as his eyes rummaged over her pale body with concern.
Roxanne nodded, with a smile on her face.
"Of course Peter. Thank you very much for looking after me."
'Unlike some people.' she wanted to add. The thought almost caused her to frown, but she kept her wide smile plastered on her face.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"The pleasure is all mine, Miss. Now, if I may, we shall now proceed to your chambers. I'm sure His Grace has a lot to do, as do I." When he said "his grace" Peter's eyes traveled to Arthur's again. And Roxanne could not fight back the urge to look at him as well. She was confused.
Why did she constantly find herself turning towards him and locking eyes with him? Why did it feel as though she had seen those eyes before? And why was he always so swift to turn his eyes away from hers? Most importantly, why was he do quiet?
It was creeping Roxanne out. He had not said a single word since he arrived here, or since she opened her eyes.
She found this very unsettling. Roxanne also felt a very odd feeling at the pit of her stomach. It was as though something was bothering her, but she could not place a finger on what it was. Even the dream she had, suddenly disappeared from her mind the second she opened her eyes. And Roxanne knew she was never one to forget dreams, especially when it gave her the uncomfortable feeling in her stomach, the one she was currently experiencing.
Roxanne felt like something was missing from her. And no matter how hard she tried to think about what it was, she just could not imagine or think of anything.
As they walked out of the infirmary, she turned to Peter.
She knew she could trust him to understand what was wrong with her.
"You said you found me sprawled on my room floor."
Peter seemed to be taken aback by her question, but he immediately recovered. The shock on his vanished before Roxanne could pick it and think about it.
"Yes. I did," he replied, flatly.
"Do you know what I was doing before then?" she asked again, looking carefully at him. She needed to remember the last thing she was doing before she collapsed, maybe then, she could find out what it was that was making her so uneasy. Peter spoke, without sparing her a glance.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "We do not keep cameras in bedrooms, Miss Harvey."
For some reason, he sounded slightly annoyed, different from his usual cheerful and witty composure.
She might have annoyed him with her persistent questions, she thought.
"I'm really sorry. It's just that I feel like something is really bothering me, but I do not know what it is. I've been feeling extremely uncomfortable since I woke up. I just don't know." Still, Peter did not turn to her.
When they got to the door of her room, Peter opened it wide for her. It was now that he turned to look at her face.
"You should get some rest. I would send the maids to prepare a tea for you. It would help you sleep. By the time you wake up, I'm sure you would be better."
As he spoke, Roxanne stepped into the room with a sad smile on her face. She could not help it, the feeling was very odd.
When Peter closed the door, Roxanne's eyes turned back to her room. Everywhere was arranged. Her bed was neatly dressed, her laptop and her papers were properly put away.
For the first time in her life, Roxanne was unhappy to see her room in order. If the maids had left it the way it was before she was carried away, she could have been able to try and recall the last thing she did before she passed out. Now, her mind was blank, and that made her more uncomfortable.
However, she decided to take Peter's advice. She headed for a cold shower in the bathroom. When she was done, she came out to meet a cup of coffee and two sandwiches in a tray, on top of her bed.
She would eat and go to sleep.
Maybe if she woke up later, less stressed and more refreshed, she would be able to know what was going on with her.
With that, Roxanne settled into the bed and took one huge bite of the sandwich.
In twenty minutes, she was done with the meal, tucked up in her duvet and sound asleep.
###CHAPTER 42: I DO NOT CARE!
"You should get some rest. I would send the maids to prepare tea for you. It would help you sleep. By the time you wake up, I'm sure you would be better."
With that, Peter opened the door of her room and she walked inside. When she was in, he closed the door behind her. He did not say a word to Arthur as he turned away, walking towards the exit of the corridor. However, Arthur had a lot to say.
"Peter," he called out. The older man paused and turned to him. Arthur examined Peter's eyes carefully, it seemed that they both shared the same concerns.
"You're worried," Arthur said, he was going to keep his observations to himself for now.
"Hmm," Peter said, nodding.
"I worry about her, she's in danger," he added, looking away from Arthur.
"We should be more worried about her memory," Arthur chipped in. His statement earned him a hard glare from Peter. When the older man realized who it was he was glaring at, he cleared his throat and struggled to keep his composure. He was worried. What was Arthur trying to say?
Arthur looked around the corridor, before walking to where Peter stood.
"Walk with me." It came out as an order, but Peter did not complain. He walked beside the young prince, eager to hear what he had to say.
"The memory wipe I did, might be temporary..."
"Your Grace..." Peter cut in, but Arthur was quick to speak again.
"In my years of studying and practicing my power, I have come to realize that there are two types of subconscious. The first one belongs to the weak minds. When their memories are cleared, they are cleared for life. The second one belongs to the strong minds, these set of people tend to have the ability to recollect events, if being triggered by a similar feeling or situation," Arthur said as Peter watched him carefully.
"You are afraid she belongs to the second category, Your Grace?" Peter asked, while they were still walking.
Arthur stopped abruptly.
"I am not afraid. She does belong to the second category. She could feel the sense of something missing from within her. Any bit of stress can make her have flashes, worse still, recall the entire event." There was a seriousness in his eyes, one that Peter barely ever saw.
He sighed and bowed to Arthur.
"There is little or no reason to be worried about that, Your Grace. I would handle everything before that happens."
Arthur looked over his older brother's personal assistant. He appreciated the fact that he had Lancelot's best interest at heart, but he wished the man would just understand that some things were bigger than the both of them. But, he did not speak about it. Instead, he ran his eyes over the man again, before nodding his head gently.
"For Lancelot's sake, I hope you do. I must leave now, my Spanish tutor would be here in an hour."
Peter lowered his head again. "Of course, Your Grace."
When he raised his head up, Arthur was ahead of him. Peter sighed, straighten the body of his suit and adjusted his collar. He had to report to Lancelot, and he had to so immediately.
With his head held high, he walked to Lancelot's chambers at the top floor of the palace. His master's door was half open. He could tell Lancelot had forgotten to close it again. There was a lot of things on Lancelot's mind, so Peter could not hold the half closed door against him.
He knocked on the door gently, and Lancelot's loud voice called for him to come in. With that, he opened the door and walked into the room.
He saw Lancelot sitting at the edge of the bed, a cup of what smelt like cinnamon tea in his hands. Peter fought back the urge to laugh bitterly. Here he stood, thinking that Lancelot would have been pacing about the room, worried out of his mind. Instead, the man was seated in his casual manner, his usual aura of masculine sexiness and aloofness. Just how good could Lancelot get at hiding his feelings and expressions?
Peter bowed his head to greet Lancelot.
"Your Grace."
From where he sat, Lancelot's eyes rose up from the cup of tea in his hands. He needed some form of distraction before Peter came with news of Roxanne, tea had been perfect, and so he ordered for tea. Now that Peter was here, he lost his appetite for the greenish brown liquid.
He set the teacup on the saucer that rested on the stool beside him, and focused his eyes on Peter.
"Peter," Lancelot spoke. No matter how he thought he wanted to, he could not bring himself to ask about Roxanne.
Luckily, Peter seemed to sense this. He raised his head up to look at Lancelot.
"She has been escorted to her chambers. If my guess is accurate, she would be asleep..." He paused when he saw Lancelot's brow raise in query.
"...I made sure the maids gave her something to help her sleep. She seemed to be very stressed."
Lancelot's brow rested and he rose up from the bed.
"What do you intend to do now, sir?"
Lancelot's face hardened. He had been asked this question more than five times today, and after giving it serious thought, he finally made his decision - not like he had much of a choice anyway.
"There is only one thing to do..." Lancelot spoke, moving closer to Peter.
"There would be a family dinner tonight, I would have to introduce her to everyone. I need to make sure I silence all rumors about her tonight," he continued.
"You intend to say she is...?"
"Your assistant," Lancelot cut in. "I intend to say she would be here for a period of three months where she would assist you in taking care of most of my day-to-day activities seeing as a new title would be added to my name very soon. After all, you would not only be Lancelot Dankworth's personal assistant, you would soon be Alpha Lancelot Dankworth's personal assistant. I take it matters of the palace would be more than enough on your plate already."
Peter was surprised Lancelot had talked this much. It was almost as if he was using him to prepare the speech about Roxanne he would give to his family tonight. However, Peter had a very important question to ask.
"If she would be present at the dinner, wouldn't that mean that she would remember what happened at the hunt?"
Lancelot's brows furrowed at Peter's statement. What did he mean by she would "remember" what happened at the hunt? When Peter noticed Lancelot's expression, his eyes widened. He should not have blurted out in such a manner. "Sir, I..."
But it was too late to explain, Lancelot's gaze had already darkened on him.
"What do you mean?"
Peter swallowed hard. He hated to see this side of Lancelot; the dark, fierce and protective side. However, he had already started talking, it was too late to turn back.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Your Grace, I pleaded with Arthur to erase her memory of the previous night."
Lancelot's frown deepened, he felt a new sense of annoyance.
"What?"
Peter took few steps back from Lancelot. It felt as though he could melt under his glare.
"We had to do it. If she woke up, it would not have been good. I had to do it for her own good...as well as yours."
While Lancelot wanted to pounce on Peter, he knew that the man was right. It was better Roxanne had no memory of the hunt. He would not know the explanation to give her.
His eyes softened and he turned away from Peter.
"Just make sure that she is prepared for the dinner, equip her with all she needs to know. I have spoken to my father to make sure that there is no mention of the hunt at dinner. She must understand that she cannot show any emotional weakness to my family, we are wolves for a reason." While his eyes had softened, there was still a hardness to his expression.
Peter nodded in understanding.
"Yes sir."
Lancelot looked over him one last time before dismissing him. When Peter left the room, Lancelot sighed.
He thought of Roxanne again. Now that she had been put to sleep, it was best to go and see her. No, he wasn't running away. He was just not ready to face her yet.
With that thought, he stepped out of his Chambers and began the short journey to hers. However, it came to an abrupt halt when he caught sight of a very familiar female figure heading towards him.
Ava, he thought. He was not so pleased to see her.
When she planted herself in front of him, her eyes were filled with scrutiny, and something that looked like sadness. But, he paid it no heed.
"Your Grace," she said as she bowed. Lancelot felt himself cringe.
"Ava," he replied without paying attention to her.
"Can I speak with you...?"
"Not now Ava..."
As he moved to walk past her, she called him back.
"You're going to see her, aren't you? The human female."
He paused and turned his face to her.
"Yes."
"Why?" There was hurt in her eyes, but Lancelot did not mind it either.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"She is my employee," he spat out. With that, he walked away from her, focusing on the path to Roxanne's chambers.
The door was locked when he got there. With hopes that she was would be asleep like Peter had said, he opened the door and walked in.
Luckily, she was. He closed the door quietly and moved over to a stool beside her bed. He settled into it. As he sat down and looked at her, he felt a wave of numerous emotions flood him.
He shifted in the stool, he did not want to think too much about anything, but he couldn't help it.
"You're worried about her," Ziko spoke up within him.
Lancelot sighed, his eyes took time to examine her delicate face.
"I am. The last thing I wanted to do was drag her into my family's drama. Yet, here she is, right in the middle of it." To his wolf, Lancelot could say anything he wanted to say except the things he did not want to tell himself. "You could not have known she would be at the hunt."
"I shouldn't have brought her here either. I just wanted her to be safe and happy." He hated to admit it to himself, but he could not help but feel that he made a mistake.
He thought he saw Ziko grin.
"Really? And in America...?"
Lancelot knew the question Ziko was going to ask, so he answered it first.
"No," he spoke up, subconsciously defensive.
"Not with her family and that crazy ex of hers showing up in her life and reminding her of his betrayal all the time."
He did not know why, but he felt Ziko's eyes narrow at him.
"For someone who sees her as nothing, you care about her too much. I thought you told the elders that she was a nobody, what's all this care for?"
"I do not care..." He stopped when he noticed he had almost shouted.
"I am not happy that I had to use such a degrading pronoun on her, but it was necessary. However, I do not care for her, not in the way you think I do," he said as he tried to convince himself, to make himself believe he was telling the truth. "Yet, here you are, by her bedside," Ziko mocked and Lancelot rolled his eyes.
"I do not understand the feelings I have, but I would not call them by any name," he spoke up again, finally silencing Ziko.
Just then, Roxanne began to turn and toss in her bed. Her once delicate face was squeezed, she began to mutter words as she tossed and turned.
She's having a nightmare, Lancelot thought. He wanted to stretch his hand to her body and comfort her, but he decided against it.
In that moment, he rose up to leave the room. It was now obvious that he couldn't stay here without thinking or worrying about her, so it was best he left.
There was already a woman he ought to worry about, and that woman wasn't Roxanne.
With that thought, he turned his back towards her and walked out of the room.
###CHAPTER 43: THE LARGE FAMILY TREE
She felt a faint sense of relief when her eyelids finally parted. For one, she had gotten rid of the awful dream she had just had.
Roxanne saw herself standing in front of a huge black werewolf, and it appeared to be hell bent on eating her up! Luckily, she woke up right before then.
Who knows? Maybe she wouldn't have woken up at all. Roxanne recalled the rather famous myth that said if a person died in their dream, they also died in real life. The thought frightened her terribly.
When she struggled to sit up, she felt very hot, despite the air conditioner in the room. Beads of sweat trickled down her forehead and she wiped it with the back of her palm. When she did so, she looked around the room. Two things came to her notice.
Firstly, the splitting headache that had caused her to go back to bed was gone. Now, she felt well rested and stronger than she did before. The tea the maids served her must have worked their magic, and she was grateful for it. Secondly, there was a strange scent in the room. Strange, but oddly familiar. It was the rich sense of Arabian fragrance, with a weird mixture of aloe vera gel, and...
She paused to sniff the air.
Shaving cream?
The scent was strong, and she knew who it belonged to.
Lancelot.
The thought of him caused her stomach to turn. And when she remembered how he had dismissed her without even giving her a short glance when she was at the hospital, her heart broke all over again.
Did she miss him so much that she could now scent him in her room? She had thought coming to London and walking under him would bring them closer. But it seemed like all it had done so far was drive them further apart.
His face flashed through her mind again. Back at the hospital, he had looked displeased, like something was bothering him, especially when he spoke to his mother. Did her presence irritate him? Had she done something wrong? Or did he now consider her incompetent?
Roxanne continued to think about all the worst things that could have earned her Lancelot's hatred, but nothing seemed to make any sense to her.
In her sad mood, she decided she would place a call to her best friend, Emily. They had not spoken in a while and Roxanne could really use Emily's advice right now.
Within her, Roxanne prayed that the decision to come to London was not a mistake.
As her eyes scanned her room for her mobile phone, she heard a knock on the door. Her face brightened. Perhaps, it was Lancelot finally coming to see her! So, he did not hate her after all!
Roxanne cleared her throat and adjusted her posture in the bed, so as not to seem too excited, she didn't want him to think she had been hoping for his arrival all along.
The knock came a second time, and she called at the top of her voice, for the speaker to come in. With her heart pounding against her chest, she watched as the door knob turned and the door opened. She could not help her excitement at seeing Lancelot, but she could control the look on her face.
And so, when Peter and the young man from earlier in the morning walked in, instead of Lancelot, Roxanne managed to hide her disappointment as well. But she did not do it fast enough, Peter caught sight of it.
"Peter!" She had hoped to sound more excited, but her forced enthusiasm betrayed itself.
He wore a wide spread grin on his face as he walked towards her.
"Forgive me, Miss Harvey, were you expecting someone else?"
Roxanne's cheeks turned an embarrassing shade of red as she looked away from him.
"No, no, of course not, please come in," he said, fighting to keep her eyes away from his face. At least, until her blushing stopped.
Peter walked in, Arthur followed closely behind him.
"I am sorry that I did not introduce his grace to you earlier this morning. There was a lot going on in the palace, and with your health as well," he said as he moved away from Arthur's front, putting the young man on display before Roxanne. "Miss Harvey, meet his highness, Arthur Dankworth." He turned to Arthur and bowed, "Your Grace, this is Miss Roxanne Harvey, she would be assisting me in assisting your older brother, Prince Lancelot."
Roxanne looked over the boy once more, taking note of his innocent eyes and his soft smile. His aura was very different from Lancelot and Roxanne couldn't help but be happy for him. At least, the boy did not always appear as though he was at war with the whole world.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, my lady," Arthur spoke, bowing in courtesy.
A smile crept up to Roxanne's face. The boy was so sweet.
She returned his bow. "The pleasure is all mine Your Grace."
After their short interaction, Peter decided it was best for him to cut in.
"Well, his grace wanted to make sure that you were okay, on behalf of Prince Lancelot." Peter hated that he had to lie so much in one day, but he did not want Roxanne to feel as though Lancelot did not care about her well-being. Not because of whatever romantic feelings the two seemed to have or not to have between them, but because she was Lancelot's employee who also lived in his house. Therefore, he had to make sure she believed she was in safe hands. Even though right now, it was far from the truth.
However, he had to get to the main reason he was here. But Arthur had something to say first.
"Now that you are alright, I must convey the message to my brother," he said the second part of the sentence as he turned to Peter with a look that screamed 'What the hell?' but Peter forced a smile and turned away from him. "Do take care, Miss Harvey."
"I certainly will, Your Grace."
With that, Arthur turned around, shot Peter a glare and walked out of the room.
Roxanne's eyes followed him behind.
"He is such a sweet boy," she commented, after he had closed the door behind him.
Peter looked back, nodding affirmatively.
"Indeed, he is."
When Roxanne looked back up at him, she still had her smile on her face.
"Did you also come to see how I am doing? I am actually very well, that tea you asked to maids to serve me worked wonders. My headache is gone, and I suddenly feel so strong, also I..."
"That is amazing!" Peter cut in. He could not bear to listen to her appreciate and praise him, not after all he had done to her and all the lies he told her.
Roxanne was taken aback by this action, but she said nothing. She stayed quiet and leaned into the headboard as she listened to him.
"I am very glad you're doing well. Which is a good thing, because you would be dining with the royal family, tonight!" Peter said aloud, a broad smile on his face.
Roxanne's eyes shot open as she looked at him. Her jaw dropped, so her surprise was obvious.
Did he just say she would be eating dinner with the royal family?
It was then she noticed the brown file in Peter's hands. He walked to her and dropped it by her bedside drawer. Roxanne's eyes followed him with every step he took, she had not found the words to speak yet.
"Do make sure to dress very corporately. The entire royal family would be there. There would be maids to attend to your hair and whatever thing it is you might need to present yourself. The queen and the dowager are very particular about physical appearance," he spoke. She had to be dressed like the employee she was, they did not need anybody thinking otherwise.
When he looked at her, Peter could see the numerous questions in her eyes. He watched as her mouth moved, she was struggling to say something, but couldn't find the words to put it.
He chuckled.
"His grace just wants to introduce you to the family as my assistant. You have nothing to fear."
"Oh," Roxanne finally managed to mutter. She did not know what she had been expecting, but Peter's revelation seemed to disappoint her.
Peter noticed this. While he smiled sadly within him, he made sure that his smile was reassuring to her. And it seemed to work, because she heaved a sigh of relief.
"You must also be on your best behavior. No matter what anyone at that table says to you, you cannot be very expressive about your emotions. They are all aristocrats, and they have their own way of judging character." Roxanne's face softened when she heard his explanation. It made little sense, but she did get his point.
"I see," she spoke. Roxanne stretched her hand to the file, opened it and drew out the thin booklet inside.
"Like I said, a comprehensive list, with pictures as well, for easy identification," Peter noted. Roxanne nodded without looking at him. She was interested in learning his family.
Her eyes caught sight of the king first. He appeared to be an older version of Lancelot. Her eyes moved to the picture of the woman by his side, she could recognize her from this morning. "Edward and Madeline Dankworth," she read aloud.
"The King and the Queen. Very interesting people," Peter added.
Roxanne said nothing, her eyes continued to skin the booklet. She noticed that the family tree was particularly large, she didn't know when she made a comment about it.
"There are so many people in this family," she sounded amazed, Peter smiled.
"It is a large one. And a very dramatic one I must add. They are different, from the usual family setting. There is love and there is hatred."
Roxanne found herself comparing it to her small family of six.
She caught sight of the Dankworth sons, and Lancelot's face stood out once again.
"Lancelot, James and Arthur Dankworth," she read aloud.
"The three princes. You have met two, you shall see James at the dinner," Peter cut in again.
When she looked below them, a picture of a woman and who Roxanne assumed to be her children, a young man and woman, was there. The young lady was very beautiful, with green eyes that caused Roxanne to smile. She looked under the picture for their names.
"Hermione, Albert and Elizabeth Wessex..." The last name was unfamiliar. Roxanne looked up at Peter for an explanation.
"The King's sister and her children. Lancelot's aunty and cousins, very interesting people."
Roxanne smiled at the girl's picture.
"She is really beautiful."
Peter nodded.
"Indeed, she is."
She returned her eyes to the booklet.
Two older women followed next.
"Marion Dankworth..."
"Lancelot's grandmother. She's a very strict woman," Peter cut in.
"Eloise Dankworth."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Peter looked into the booklet, then back at her.
"Ahh! Lancelot's grandaunt. I find her the most interesting of them all. You must be careful around her, she has the ability to sniff out lies and treachery from even the most secret of souls." This revelation seemed to puzzle Roxanne, she looked up at him.
"Really?"
Peter realized himself and cleared his throat. He could not believe the mistake he had almost made. Eloise had that ability because she was a white wolf, but he surely couldn't say that to Roxanne. "Of course. She possesses very strong instincts," he said, smiling nervously.
Roxanne looked back into the booklet. The next pictures were of two men; one had a striking resemblance to Lancelot's mother, and the other to his father.
"Lord Bailey Morrison and Lord Richard Dankworth."
Peter smiled. "My personal favorites. The brothers of the queen and king respectively. Each has an interesting personality of their own."
She flipped the page over, and noticed the picture of a young lady. She had bright eyes and an innocent, yet beautiful and delicate face.
"Ava Relish..." she read aloud. "A part of the family?" she asked, looking up at Peter. Something about the picture seemed to unnerve her, she didn't know why. Peter buried his eyes into the booklet and looked back at her.
"No, not yet. But she would be soon."
Roxanne's left brow rose, silently pleading for an explanation.
"She would be getting married to Lancelot soon," he spat out. He hated to be the one to tell her, but it was important she knew now.
"Oh," she mouthed, burying her eyes into the booklet again.
Roxanne's heart seemed to squeeze against her chest. She had never imagined that Lancelot was betrothed, to be married. For all she knew, she had hoped...
She stopped her thoughts from going any further. How could she have hoped anything would happen between them? The difference in their social status was too evident to look past.
"I would leave you to get ready now, do take care Miss Harvey," Peter said aloud. He noticed the sadness in her eyes, but chose to say nothing about it.
She looked up at Peter, struggling to mask her disappointment with a chuckle.
"I most definitely would. Thank you very much, for everything."
In front of her, Peter nodded.
"You're welcome."
She nodded, quite forcefully.
Peter turned away from her and walked towards the room door, her eyes continued to follow him until he was out of the door.
Her eyes returned to the booklet in her hands as the door closed.
Lancelot is engaged, was all she could think about.
And it hurt her, for reasons she refused to accept.
###CHAPTER 44: HE DOESN'T HAVE A CHOICE
Madeline Dankworth was still finding it very hard to be at peace with her thoughts.
It was a miracle how well he had been able to handle himself in the presence of the elders today. She had never doubted Lancelot's leadership qualities or his intelligence, but the gravity of the situation earlier today made her feel that if she didn't speak, Lancelot would be ruined.
Before then, Madeline had to make sure that it was done, and dusted. She continued to walk from one end of her room to the other. And her husband, who had come to make sure she was not killing herself with worry, sat on her bed and looked at her worry.
Defeated, he heaved a sigh and started to speak.
"Madeline dear..."
"Please Edward, do not tell me not to worry because that would only make me worry all the more."
On hearing her, Edward stood up and walked to her. He understood Madeline and knew how important Lancelot was to his wife, even though she had a very weird way of showing it. Madeline had always expected the best from Lancelot, she failed to understand that he too had his faults, and could not always be the perfect son.
But Madeline did not want to understand it. And so, she was always very tough on him, even as a little boy.
As Edward moved closer to her, he took note of the creases on her forehead, the heavy bags under her eyes and the protruding veins around her neck and hands. It was a sign that she was over working herself. All her thinking, worrying and scheming was taking a toll on her.
Even as he stood in front of her, she seemed to take little note of his presence. She was about to walk past him when he held both her hands back.
Taken aback, her eyes flew to the soft blue ones of her husband. Edward had a knowing smile on his face, but Madeline frowned. She did not understand how he could afford to smile at a time like this. And frankly, she did not want to understand.
It was clear to her that she was the only one who cared about how much Lancelot's actions might affect their family.
"You need to relax my love," Edward spoke, brushing loose strands of hair away from her face. While his touch gave her a faint sense of comfort, Madeline did not believe she deserved to feel comfortable at such a time.
The elders might have looked past his mistake for now, but she could not bring herself to do so.
"And you need to be less relaxed," she bit back, watching as Edward frowned lightly. When his grip on her hand lessened, she walked past him.
"You are too relaxed Edward. Lancelot almost sent everything we worked for together to hell today, and here you are, smiling at me."
"And what did you suggest I do?! Take off his head?!" Edward's voice was loud as he yelled. He had been trying to keep his cool since, all for her sake. But she did not appreciate it. Instead, she was hell bent on seeing him frown and walk around like the whole world had turned against him. Why was she refusing to calm down?
Madeline turned to him again, a frown on her face.
"It is ten years too late for that Edward. I always told you that you were too soft on him, but you wouldn't listen to me! Now look! He just did whatever he wanted to do, now we are in trouble, and guess who is racking her head, draining her blood while trying to find a way out of this mess?"
Edward did not reply to her rhetorical question, so Madeline decided to reply herself.
"Me!" she stated, swaying her arms dramatically.
Edward's jaw tightened as he looked down at her.
"Lancelot is still young. And he has proven to be very strong and intelligent. We can't rule him off and see him as incapable because of one mistake..."
"Incapable?" Madeline cut in, slowly closing the gap between she and her husband.
"Lancelot is not incapable. No pup of mine is incapable."
Edward looked over her thin frame again before settling his eyes on her face.
"So why don't you believe he can handle this?" Edward asked. It was a question he sincerely needed her to answer. Lancelot had already promised them, before the court that he would take care of the issue and make sure it never repeats itself again, he did not understand why Madeline did not have faith in him.
"Can't you see it?!" she asked back, plunging Edward into more confusion.
His brows furrowed as he stared down at her.
"See what?"
Madeline scoffed. Clearly, her husband was too blind not to see that Lancelot had a lot going on within him, more than he cared to tell any of them.
"Lancelot is not okay! He probably doesn't even know what he is going to do!" Her hands flew to her hair dramatically, and Edward's gaze suddenly became pitiful.
"You need to have a little more faith in him dear." Edward's tone was calm again. The ability of her husband to switch countenance at such a quick rate was one of the things that always amazed her. However, it did not stop Madeline from shooting him a glare.
"I should have more faith in him? The last time I did that, a human female disrupted the ceremonial hunt! Who knows what would happen next? A human would get pregnant for him?"
At that moment, she stopped talking. Her eyes widened in realization as she looked away from Edward. He noticed his wife's countenance and followed her gaze to the floor. "Madeline dear?" He moved to touch her, but she moved away from him.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Edward."
"My love."
Her eyes rose up to meet his again.
"We have to do something about that woman, and we have to do it fast."
Edward sighed and moved to her. "Madeline..."
The faint knock on the door interrupted his sentence, he would have damned the knock if Madeline did not hurry to the door. It was as though she was expecting another bad news. He stood there and watched her.
Frantic, Madeline moved to her door. When she opened it, she was partially relieved to see Ava standing there. But her relief was flushed away by Ava's sad face.
"Your Highness," Ava said, with her shaky and teary voice as she bowed to Madeline. The older woman smiled sadly, and turned away from her.
Madeline looked at her husband, giving him a signal that told him he might have to leave the room, at least for now.
Curious, Edward walked to the door. He needed to see who it was that had caught his Queen's attention.
He saw Ava standing in front of the door. She bowed to him and greeted him. Edward smiled and replied her before walking past her, away from his Queen's door.
When he was gone, Madeline's eyes fell on Ava. She moved away from the door to usher the young girl in, while wondering what it was that caused her to be sad.
As Ava walked into the room, Madeline closed the door behind her and turned to the girl. Ava's face was pale, and her eyes were heavy, it was very obvious she had been crying. "My Queen," Ava spoke again, moving closer to Madeline.
Madeline's eyes softened at the young girl. From losing her first betrothed, to being shipped to another, Madeline could not imagine everything the girl would have had to go through. "Are you okay child?" she asked, moving to hold Ava.
When she placed her hands on Ava's shoulders, the girl broke into tears.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "I am scared my queen, I am very scared."
Madeline's eyes danced all over her beautiful face.
"Now child, why would you be scared? Did something happen to you? Did Lancelot say something to you?"
"I wish he did," Ava started. "But ever since he returned, he's been doing his possible best to avoid me. And now, with the human female..." She stopped, her crying intensified.
"I'm scared that he doesn't want me, my queen."
Deep down, Madeline shared the girl's fears. But, she knew that there was no other way. Ava was the one who had been trained all her life to fit into the role of Lancelot's bride and Luna queen and nobody... Her jaw tightened. ... Absolutely nobody was going to change it.
So, she smiled and pulled her closer.
"Lancelot has just been really busy my dear..." she tried to reassure Ava as she placed the girl's head gently on her shoulder.
"I know, my queen. But..."
"No buts. Lancelot is yours and only yours, believe me when I say that." She paused and patted Ava's hair.
"At dinner today, we would all talk about your wedding. So do not fret, you're Lancelot's chosen Luna already, he likes you..."
'He doesn't have a choice,' she wanted to add, but she stopped at that.
"Thank you so much my queen," Ava mumbled, against the Luna's shoulder.
Madeline smiled and continued to pat her hair gently.
"Now don't cry, everything is fine."
But it wasn't, at least not yet. Madeline knew she had to do something about that woman, and she had to do it before any more harm was caused.
###CHAPTER 45: REUBEN MORRISON IS HERE
On her way to the dining room, while walking beside Peter, Roxanne did not know what she was to expect. She had been told how to address each and every member of the royal house, and to be on her best behavior. Yet, she found it hard to shake off the nerve wracking feeling in her stomach.
No matter how confident she tried to appear, she couldn't deny the fact that she was nervous.
As they approached the door of the dining room, Peter walked ahead of her. The large mahogany doors were spread apart from each other, ushering them into the exquisite and luxurious room with a long rectangular table standing still in the middle.
Roxanne's eyes drank in the sight of the place. From the antique chandeliers on the roof, to the brown silk draperies, portraits and iron sculptures, everything about the room screamed English aristocracy.
Peter turned to her, and took one step forward into the room. Roxanne felt her heart pound against her chest, threatening to burst out. The room was filled with no less than fifteen people, including the servants who set the table.
She took sight of everyone. But they were all too cut up in their chatters to notice her. Peter seemed to see how uneasy she was, so he moved closer to her and whispered in her left ear.
"Remember, you do not want them to know that you are nervous. Chin up, hold your head high."
Roxanne's gaze flickered to him. He turned away from her immediately and walked closer to the table. Roxanne followed him closely behind.
Madeline was the first to set her eyes on them. She had been talking in hushed tones to Edward when she heard the clinging of heels against the marble floor. She looked up to see Roxanne, the human woman, clad in a red suit pant and black lace long sleeve. Her hair was held up in a tight pony tail above her head, allowing the long brown strands the fall to her back.
Madeline's scrutinizing eyes continued to dance over Roxanne's frame. Everyone noticed her stare and followed her eyes carefully.
At that moment, when all eyes were on Roxanne, her heels threatened to buckle under her. She bit her lower lip softly to stop herself from cursing out loud.
"Best behavior," she muttered to herself, casting an anxious look on Peter. He barely had any emotions on his face. Roxanne envied his ability to be so straight faced, but she couldn't be surprised, he had been with this family longer than she
was.
Her eyes travelled around the room and rested on Lancelot's face. Once again, she felt breathless. He was carelessly handsome in his green shirt. As she continued to look at him, he looked up from the plate of roasted chicken in front of him. When their eyes met, Roxanne felt all the butterflies in her stomach leap for joy. But, once he tore his gaze away from her, their wings withered away.
"Greetings your majesties," Peter began, when he had finally gotten everyone's attention. He turned his eyes to Lancelot.
"Your secretary, Your Grace." He bowed.
Roxanne watched as he stepped back until he was completely gone from her sight.
Without Peter standing next to her, Roxanne felt suffocated. Every eye in the room was fixed on her, including HIS.
Lancelot rose up from his seat. He looked around the table, a gesture that showed he was about to address everyone in the room.
"Mother, father, everyone..." His eyes fell on Roxanne again. She gulped hard on her saliva.
"Roxanne Harvey, my new secretary." Immediately he spoke, he settled back into his seat and did not take another look at her again.
Roxanne continued to stand there, clueless of what to do next. In desperation, her eyes found Peter standing at a far corner of the room. She was more than grateful when their eyes locked. Peter bowed and Roxanne took it as a signal that she had to greet everyone.
"Your majesties..." She bowed in courtesy.
"It is an honor to meet you all," she continued, plastering a smile on her face as she rose her head up.
"An honor indeed," Madeline muttered, against her champagne flute and Edward shot her a glare. She rolled her eyes and turned away from her husband. She did not want this woman here, so Edward could not expect her to be nice. "Have a seat please..." Edward spoke, when he looked away from Madeline. When she glared at him, he felt it and turned to her.
"Come and dine with us," he said again, his eyes did not leave those of his wife.
Still anxious, she muttered a "thank you" and walked briskly to the first empty seat she saw. It was beside the young prince she had met earlier.
Arthur, that's his name, Roxanne thought. She wanted to smile at him, but he did not turn to her. So, she kept her face forward. Her eyes met with grey colored ones of an older woman. Roxanne could recognize the face. The woman was Eloise Dankworth, the grandaunt of Lancelot.
Eloise smiled when she caught the violet eyes of the young lady. One look was more than enough for her to see everything; the tension between the young lady and Lancelot, the feelings the young lady had for Lancelot. One thing was extremely clear; this woman wasn't just any secretary, she was Lancelot's mate.
Her eyes narrowed at Roxanne immediately she sensed it. She picked up the glass of red wine in front of her and turned her gaze to Lancelot. He was focused on the chicken wings in front of him. A knowing smile appeared on Eloise's face; something was definitely going on. And she couldn't wait to watch it unravel.
Madeline on the other hand, did not find the idea of Roxanne dining with them pleasant. So, she made it her point of duty to make her as uncomfortable as she could. Plus, it was a very good chance to question the woman who had nearly torn her whole life's work to shreds.
She cleared her throat and sat up.
"So, Miss Roselia..." she started, addressing the girl by another name on purpose.
Roxanne smiled and tried to correct her with a polite smile.
"Roxanne, Your Highness."
However, Roxanne's friendly smile was met with a very unfriendly scowl from Madeline. Roxanne shrunk under the woman's glare and Madeline's lips teased in a mocking smile.
"Roxanne. Tell us about yourself. I am really curious about my son's new..." She looked over to Lancelot.
"....secretary." The word was said with more emphasis than normal, and Roxanne found it hard to smile.
Hermione glanced over to Madeline and scoffed. Lady Marion's eyes continued to move from one woman to another. Every other eye in the room rested on Roxanne, patiently waiting for her to speak. She noticed this and cleared her throat, while wiping her sweaty palms on her trouser.
"Well, uhm..." she started.
"My name is Roxanne Harvey, I'm 24 years old. I was born in New York City, to American parents..."
She was interrupted by the sound of Hermione choking on her wine. Roxanne stopped and turned to the woman.
Madeline's jaw dropped in shock.
Did she just say "American"?! It was bad that she was an imposter, but she was also American!
Madeline ignored Hermione and turned back to Roxanne.
"You're...American," Madeline spoke. Roxanne did not catch the spite in her voice. But, she could tell that the last word came out as though it were a curse.
Roxanne nodded in glee.
Richard and Bailey who had been silent ever since, exchanged looks for the first time, before turning to Edward.
No one at the table could believe their ears!
"Yes, Your Highness. Born and bred. Although my parents moved us to Manhattan in our teenage years, I attended college in Houston, Texas."
"How very...interesting," Lady Marion finally spoke. Her eyes rested on Madeline's blue ones which had fury hidden inside of them.
A common American on the same table with her! This was the height of it.
"Very interesting indeed," Madeline muttered, sipping the content of her champagne flute slowly.
Roxanne couldn't help but feel completely out of place. Here she was, under the watchful and scrutinizing gaze of all these people, and Lancelot had not even offered her a nod of encouragement. It was as though he did not even know she was here!
Eloise continued to look at Roxanne. While she felt sorry for the young lady, she could not help the curiosity in her too. Something about her soul was young and pure, and Eloise found herself taking a liking to the young woman. "So..." Madeline placed her flute gently on the table as she spoke.
"What and what have you achieved? I mean, besides being my son's secretary?"
Eloise frowned at Madeline, why was she bent on making a fool out of the young girl?
Roxanne swallowed nervously and cleared her throat.
"I was a sales representative for a company in Manhattan. LexCorp, I worked there for five years."
As she spoke, Roxanne thought she heard the lady beside Lancelot murmur the phrase "low life" but when she turned to her, the lady's eyes were fixed on Lancelot's jaw. A knot formed in Roxanne's stomach when she recognized the face; Ava Relish, Lancelot's bride-to-be. Jealousy forced her to tear her gaze away from her.
"A sales rep?" Madeline asked again, as though she did not believe Roxanne. Oblivious of Madeline's thoughts towards her, Roxanne smiled sweetly while nodding affirmatively.
"How convenient," Hermione said aloud, a chuckle followed it. Madeline could tell Hermione was mocking her.
Lancelot had interrupted one of the biggest nights of his life for a complete nobody. Excellent, just excellent, Madeline thought.
She giggled sarcastically, and turned to Lancelot.
"Did you hear that son? She was a sales rep? Isn't that interesting?"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot did not look up at his mother, he had nothing to say to her. Roxanne was very confused at this point. She was extremely uncomfortable. Despite the ventilation of the room, she was sweating profusely.
When Arthur sensed that his mother was about to speak again, he knew he had to do something. He feigned a cough, as though he was choking on his wine.
Madeline's eyes softened as she turned to her son. Everyone's eyes fell on Arthur as well. He continued to cough repeatedly, until Madeline called out to him.
"Arthur dear, are you alright?" Her voice was etched with concern, the venom in her tone had completely disappeared.
"Somebody, get him water immediately!" Edward ordered one of the servants who stood by the wall.
As the elderly man rushed towards them, Edward shot Madeline a glare, she ignored it and focused on Arthur.
His jaw tightened, but he sighed and spoke up.
"See what happens when we do not observe table manners? We shall now eat in peace..." He turned to Madeline again.
"No more talking." His tone was definite, Madeline could tell it was an order. She rolled her eyes and watched as Arthur gulped his water.
Silence fell upon the room once again, everyone fixed their eyes into the plates in front of them. Including Roxanne, although, she could barely bring herself to put anything into her mouth. Not with the tension in the room.
At that moment, there was a knock on the door. Eyes rose up to meet the chief Butler, Lee, standing in front of the door, with his head bowed.
"Lee," Edward spoke up, grateful for whatever form of distraction Lee allowed himself.
The elderly butler walked into the dining room and greeted them all, before focusing his gaze on Edward.
"Your Highness, you have a visitor."
Edward's eyes narrowed in suspicion. He had not been expecting anybody, so who could this visitor be? "Who is he?"
Butler Lee was going to speak, but a louder male voice called from behind him.
"If it isn't my favorite uncle!"
Immediately, all eyes turned to the direction of the voice.
Edward smiled, and Madeline's eyes brightened immediately she caught sight of the speaker.
Reuben Morrison was here...
###CHAPTER 46: WHAT HAD SHE GOTTEN HERSELF INTO?
Seeing her nephew was a huge relief and source of joy for Madeline. For two minutes, she was able to take her mind off the abomination sitting across her, and focus her eyes and her mind on her late elder sister's son; Reuben. Roxanne was one of the people to look up at the man. He stood tall, nothing less than six feet and six inches of height. His hair was crimson red, just like Arthur's and Madeline's and there was a calmness in the green color of his eyes. Even when he smiled, his smile seemed to cause everyone else to smile; including her.
Lancelot's eyes rose up to look over his cousin. It had been almost three years since he last saw Reuben, he could only wonder what the man was here for. Not that Lancelot disliked him, but Reuben reminded him of someone he desperately needed to forget; Bran. And he did not need a constant reminder of his brother around him everyday. Especially not in this period.
"I take offense to that statement," Bailey called out loud, referring to the younger man. Reuben's green eyes glittered with glee as he caught sight of another uncle of his. Lord Bailey rose up to give the young man a pat on his back, and Reuben was more than glad to embrace his uncle.
"I have not seen you in ages uncle," he commented.
"And neither have I! It's glad to have you finally come out of hiding."
Reuben's laugh was equally contagious. It had everyone in the room laughing as well.
"What can I say? Paris has a way of stealing a man's soul." When he spoke, his eyes fell on Lancelot.
"Ahah!" he called out, with a smile.
"My favorite cousin of all time." As he approached Lancelot, Lancelot looked up at him with a bleak expression. However, he was polite enough to take his handshake.
Reuben greeted James, Arthur, and the rest of the family before he settled into a seat beside Lady Marion. He took the dowager's right hand and planted a gentleman's kiss on her knuckles.
Marion's eyes sparkled at the younger male's charm. Roxanne continued to watch him carefully. Despite his excitement and ability to light up the whole room with his charm, there was something calm about him. The way his eyes rested on people, as though he could tell what was in their hearts and sympathize with them. She was lucky to have something... or rather, someone in the room to distract the family.
Some minutes ago, she had thought she would melt into the hot seat they had prepared for her. Roxanne thought she would fall to her savior's feet and kiss his toes. This family was overly dramatic, and Roxanne felt uneasy in their presence. Madeline's eyes fell on her nephew again.
"It is so nice of you to join us Reuben. I would ask you all about your trip, but I'm sure you have lots of stories to tell us later."
The room shook with laughter from different angles.
"You bet I do, aunty. Plus! I had to make it just in time for Lancelot's coronation. I know I missed the hunt already, I had to...."
The sound of Lancelot's fork crashing hard on the ceramic plate caused Reuben to stop talking. When he turned to him, his cousin had a confused look on his face. Lancelot paid him no mind and focused his gaze on his father. Edward, understood the look Lancelot was giving him and quickly changed the subject.
"We were just getting to know Lancelot's new employee before you came in. She is a very interesting lady," Edward spoke up. Reuben's eyes glanced around the room until they rested on Roxanne. He smiled curtly. "Very interesting indeed," James cut in, and Reuben cut his eyes away from Roxanne to his younger cousin.
James had a malicious smile on his face.
"I mean, Lancelot has never brought any female home before. So, she must be really interesting for him to bring her here, and introduce her to all of us. Don't you think so Ben?"
While Reuben was surprise to hear James call him by his pet name after so long, he was more thrilled to know the young lady his ever brooding and never smiling cousin, Lancelot, had decided to bring home. "Hmmm," Reuben replied, nodding with keen interest.
Lancelot's grip on his fork tightened as he glared at James. Madeline scowled at her younger son. As James looked at both his mother and older brother, he rolled his eyes and scoffed.
Albert, who noticed this exchange, pressed his glass of white wine to his lips.
"I guess the truth is truly bitter after all," he muttered, but it was loud enough for everyone to hear.
Elizabeth, who sat beside her brother, frowned deeply. And Ava feigned a cough.
Reuben could tell from that instant, that he had just stepped into the lion's den. And from the look of things, the young lady who looked like nothing but a lost puppy, shared in his sentiments as well. In attempt to lighten up the dark mood, Reuben spoke again. He turned to Edward and smiled.
"So, Uncle, how did the hunt go?"
On hearing his question, a series of weird sounds broke out from different corners of the room. Some people appeared to choke, some cleared their throats, while others like Madeline, hit her fork against her plate.
Eloise figured it was time to come to everyone's rescue. Roxanne and Reuben were equally confused. Roxanne was confused because she did not understand anything that was being said. While Reuben was confused because he had not expected such a response from any of them. He made a mental note to ask about it later, none of them seemed to want to talk about it now.
With a genuine smile spread across her cheeks, Eloise looked up at Roxanne.
"Tell me now child, what are your hobbies?"
The question alerted Roxanne, and she looked away from Lancelot. She forced a smile and adjusted her sitting posture. She tried to make deliberate efforts not to allow her eyes wander off to Lancelot again, since it was clear that he was avoiding her.
"I particularly enjoy reading and music, Your Highness."
Eloise's smile broadened at Roxanne's simple and honest reply. She was beginning to like her, and she was not bothered about it one bit. The girl's heart was pure, and it impressed Eloise.
"Why, why? I enjoy reading myself. Books are like windows to the soul. They open your mind and heart to endless possibilities. Wouldn't you agree with me, Madeline?"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Madeline partially jolted when she heard her name. She had not expected to be dragged into Eloise's conversation with the American lowlife.
However, she forced a smile and nodded.
"Of course, Aunty."
Eloise smiled and looked away from her.
"Tell me now dear, what books do you enjoy reading?"
Roxanne was surprised that the woman was being so calm and nice to her. The questions were asked out of genuine curiosity, not the dire need to humiliate her. All eyes were still on Roxanne as she answered, but she suddenly didn't feel so self-aware anymore. There was a warm feeling that the woman's smile gave her, and Roxanne appreciated it.
"Mostly classical literature and crime thrillers."
Eloise applauded her, a satisfied look glittered in her grey eyes.
"Wonderful! Wonderful! Just what I enjoy! Tell me dear, I am dying to know if you have any talents."
Roxanne coughed to clear her throat and sat up again.
"Well, I do know how to..."
"Miss Roxanne plays the piano forte excellently well!" Peter cut in from behind them.
Eyes turned to him, and he lowered his head in apology.
"Forgive me, your majesties. But I really couldn't help myself."
In that moment, a wave of nausea washed over Roxanne. Beads of sweat formed and trickled down her forehead and her palms became twice as sweaty. She found it hard to take in air, resulting to her breathing heavily. Eloise's eyes narrowed at her.
"You don't say?"
Roxanne's thoughts continued to hover around. Why? Just why did Peter have to blurt out to them like that?
Beside her, the beautiful Elizabeth scoffed.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"As if a scrawny American would ever know a thing about classical music."
Roxanne's eyes met with hers, but she rolled her eyes and looked away.
Roxanne fought back the urge to stand up and run.
What was wrong with these people? Why were they all so filled with... malice?
With them, even the most harmless of statements had an underlying mockery to it. She was tired of being amongst them, very tired.
"It's nothing very serious Your Highness, I just..."
"Nonsense!" Eloise said out loud, giggling happily.
"I think you should play for us! Entertain us after dinner! Don't you think so, sister?"
Lady Marion's eyes ran over Roxanne again after she heard Eloise's question, before she nodded. Eloise exclaimed with joy and turned to Madeline. "What do you say? Won't you like to hear the lady play? I am curious."
Madeline looked away from Roxanne and sipped her wine.
"What do you even play?" she asked, her eyes sending a very visible challenge to Roxanne.
Roxanne didn't know why, but she accepted the challenge with a smile on her face.
"Beethoven, Mozart, modern day Kris Bowers..."
"How delightful!" Eloise exclaimed, Roxanne blushed slightly.
"It is settled then! You would play the piano forte for us after dinner! I am so excited."
As she grinned, the knot in Roxanne's stomach tightened.
What had she just gotten herself into?
###CHAPTER 47: THE MAGIC FLUTE
The rest of dinner went by in a blur. With Roxanne's mind racing, she was barely able to force any meal into her stomach, or get herself to listen to any other word that was spoken at the table.
She could think of one thing and one thing only: how to not disgrace herself in front of the entire Dankworth family tonight. It was not that she was scared or that she doubted her capabilities. What bothered Roxanne was what they would have to say about her style of playing. She had always gotten criticisms about it before, most of them bad. But she had never really cared.
But right now, it was the only thing she could bring herself to think about.
Her eyes continued to glance over Lancelot once in a while, but their eyes never met. Roxanne found it strange. Whenever she looked away from him, she could feel his eyes on her. But when she looked at him, it felt as though she was a glass frame he could see right through.
Did her presence really not have the same effect on him that his had on her? Was she really that invisible to him? What did she have to do to make herself seen?
Roxanne noticed how Ava leaned into Lancelot time without number. Whether it was to laugh, or whisper something into his ears, or get the f*** salt from across the table! Ava made sure that her skin brushed Lancelot's. And it was slowly driving Roxanne to the edge of the cliff of jealousy.
Could it be possible that Lancelot ignored her because of this woman? Maybe he did not want to anger his wife-to-be?
Wife-to-be, she repeated the phrase in her head. As she watched Ava laugh and rest her head on Lancelot's shoulder, anger boiled in the pit of her stomach. She was more than relieved when Lancelot looked down at Ava, his stare must have caused her to take her head off his shoulder immediately.
Madeline struggled to eat her food properly as well. She was irritated by the sight of Lancelot's new secretary. What was Lancelot thinking by bringing an American into their palace? Madeline now wished she had allowed James go on that business trip to America instead of Lancelot. She was sure none of this would have happened.
While some talked in hushed tones and some discussed out loud, others ate their meal in silence, while some didn't talk at all.
Alas, it was exactly 8:30 pm when the last of the dinner plates were cleared. The whole family was still seated around the table, each person adjusting him or herself, and taking a sitting position that would aid digestion.
"I am still very excited to hear you play dear. We must all gather at the drawing room for some entertainment. I'm sure we all need it at this point," Eloise spoke up, her eyes rested on Madeline's irked face.
"We most certainly do," Hermione muttered underneath her breath. Elizabeth heard her mother and chuckled, earning her a glare from Lady Marion.
The older men, including Reuben were deep in their discussion of mines in London and Paris. But Marion's voice caught the attention of her sons, Edward and Richard.
When Eloise looked around and noticed that everyone was now prepared to stand up, she rose first, with her usual broad smile on her face.
"Now, now, everyone, shall we proceed to the drawing room?" she called out. She watched as all eyes turned to her, and everyone began to rise slowly. "Of course."
"I am thrilled to see how this turns out."
"An American and the piano forte? Must be some sort of cruel joke."
"Let's wait and see."
All these and many more were the side remarks Roxanne's ears picked up as members of the royal family exited the dining hall. Her guess was that they were all heading to the drawing room, just as Eloise had instructed; including him. She watched with keen and hopeful eyes as Lancelot stood up from his chair. Roxanne was still hoping that he would look at her. At least a glance, was all that she prayed for. Once again, he walked out of the door without recognizing her presence. Once again, her heart crumbled into a million pieces, leaving her to pick it all up and arrange the pieces by herself.
Soon, everyone was gone. It remained Roxanne and Peter.
Peter walked to her and tapped her left shoulder gently. She turned to him, gasping and her eyes widening in shock.
Peter chuckled and looked over her.
"Let's go." With that, he turned his back towards her and began to walk.
"Where are you going?" she called out, trotting behind him.
"Rule number one of working with the Dankworths, do not ever keep them waiting," he called back, without glancing over his shoulder.
Roxanne stayed quiet as she followed him behind. After the dining room, they walked through the high and long corridor of rooms for about five minutes, before Peter ushered Roxanne into the drawing room.
When she stepped into it, she felt the same way she had felt after walking into the dining room earlier this evening; like she did not belong here.
For the second time that night, everyone keep quiet and all eyes rested on her. There were two luxurious and long arm chairs in the room, with four people in each. Around the arm chairs, three couches were scattered, each also had occupants as well. And they were all looking at her, waiting on her.
"Mrs. Ludwig Beethoven! You have finally decided to join us," Albert called aloud, and Hermione chuckled.
Roxanne forced a smile and walked into the room. Peter was in front of her, and he stood by the wall again, just as he had done during dinner.
"My apologies your majesty," she said, bowing to her small audience.
When they all gave her curt nods, she turned to the direction of the grand piano.
Something in Roxanne's heart leaped for joy, while a part of it melted in joy as well. The white grand piano, standing three feet tall in front of her, was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen in a long while. The white stool beside it matched the sophisticated color of the room, as well as the luxurious furniture.
What did these people not have? Roxanne thought to herself.
But, as she walked to the piano, her heartbeat quickened again. Suddenly, she felt as though she did not know what she was doing. As she sat on the stool and turned to her audience, her eyes found the door.
It's not too late now, she thought to herself. She could always run out and blame it on a severe case of stomach upset. Then, she would blame the stomach upset on all the salmons and chicken she had for dinner, no one would hold it against her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
While she was still contemplating, her eyes met Lancelot. He had a bored expression on his face, as though he would rather be anywhere but here, looking at her and waiting on her to disgrace herself. Roxanne's jaw tightened and her eyes narrowed at him.
To hell with the door, to hell with her cowardice, and to hell with him.
She would play her piano the way she had always played it. And she would find joy in it. Piano forte was one of the few things that made her happy, and nothing would ever change the fact.
So, she turned to the instrument in front of her. She could feel all their gazes burning into her skin, but she ignored all of it. She closed her eyes and stretched her hands to the keys. When she touched the first key, it was magical.
Her first piece was Kris Bowers' "Strange." Which she played with a sweet melody and a smile on her face.
Everyone in the room was taken aback. It was not just skill, it was the way her soul was in sync to every key that she touched. Eloise found herself smiling as she closed her eyes, Arthur was visibly in awe. He could not bring himself to look away from her.
Albert had a brow raised, he was amazed, but he did not show it. Madeline just stared at her, there were no words for what she felt at this moment.
Beside Lancelot, Ava watched Roxanne carefully. Her eyes occasionally danced to Lancelot's face to take note of his expression. She wanted to make sure he was not being hypnotized by this woman's skillset. She was relieved when she saw how bored and expressionless Lancelot was looking.
After "Strange" came Wolfgang Mozart's age long piece, "The magic flute."
It happened to be one of Lancelot's favorite tunes. As Roxanne poured her spirit and soul into every key, he threw his head back and kept his eyes closed to savor the moment. The men were impressed and so were the women as well. The tone came to an end after seven minutes, and it was followed by the Beethoven classic "Piano sonata."
When Roxanne touched the first key of this song, Arthur wanted to jump from his seat and hug her. He had never heard anyone play Beethoven with so much soul. While everybody always tried to get it perfect, Roxanne gave it her own definition of perfection.
After a while, the tone intensified and Roxanne, once again, threw caution to the wind and let her soul take over. To hell with what the piano scholars said, to hell with everything. It was just her and her piano once again. Madeline was utterly disgusted now. She did not know why she had expected this lowlife woman to respect Beethoven's artistry in the first place. She was annoyed by how Roxanne treated the tone with reckless abandon and handled the melody as though it were her song, instead of Beethoven's! The lady was too free spirited, and it irritated Madeline.
Ava equally shared in her sentiments as she frowned.
From where he stood, Peter's eyes fell on Lancelot. He had his head back and his eyes closed and Peter could tell that he was savoring every tempo and note in the song. He knew that Lancelot was floating in the melody. It was obvious from the peace on his face.
Finally, Roxanne hit the concluding note, and was greeted with a resounding applause.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Thank you, thank you," she said, bowing to her audience. She walked into them and Madeline's angered eyes followed her. However, she decided to take advantage of the situation as well.
"Ava," she called out. On hearing her name, Ava stood up to answer the call.
"Why don't you also entertain us as well?" Madeline asked, a wide grin on her face. Ava blushed as she looked around.
"You see, Ava here finished from School of the Arts, Venice. Where she studied music and orchestra. She has also won multiple awards over the years. I would list them all, but we are short of time." She turned to Ava again. Beside her, Edward simply rolled his eyes.
A blushing Ava took to the stage. She looked over her audience with a proud look in her eyes, she was more than ready to leave them all stunned. She would teach the reckless American exactly how the piano forte was to be played; with grace and poise.
However, once Ava started, Lancelot's eyes opened. The tone was melodious, but it lacked the soul and spirit of the previous ones. When he saw Ava sitting on the stool, he was no longer surprised. His eyes searched for Roxanne and he found her standing beside Peter. When he sensed she was turning to look at him, he turned his face away from her.
Seven minutes into Ava's piece, Elizabeth yawned and stood up. There was nothing captivating to keep her up again. Slowly, one by one, everyone excused themselves. Lady Marion and Lady Eloise, Hermione and Albert, James and Arthur, Reuben, Lord Bailey and Lord Richard before Madeline and Edward.
It remained Lancelot, Peter and Roxanne in the room.
Lancelot felt obliged to stay back, and he didn't want to have any contact with Roxanne yet, so he sat still on the couch, and watched Ava finish the tune. When Peter noticed she had grown physically tired, he tapped Roxanne's shoulder. She forced a weak smile as she turned to him.
"Let's get you to bed, you're still not strong enough to keep late nights."
Roxanne chuckled and followed Peter behind. Lancelot could sense when they were both out of the room. He could not wait for Ava to end her piece.
Ava on the other hand, saw this as an opportunity to spend time with him and impress him. So, she was not going to end it anytime soon.
As Peter and Roxanne walked through the corridor again, Peter pointed towards a door.
"Mister Lancelot's room," he said aloud. When Roxanne turned to him, a tired brow raised. He smiled and turned away.
"Just in case you're told to send something to his Chambers, this is it," Peter said, looking away from her. Frankly, he did not even know why he had pointed out the chambers to her. He just felt the need to. The door was half open, and Roxanne was able to peep through it.
"Magnificent," she thought out loud.
Indeed, it was.
###CHAPTER 48: JUST LET ME BE
As Peter led Roxanne into her room, she turned to him and smiled weakly.
"Honestly, Peter. I cannot thank you enough for everything." It was visible from the look on her face that she was tired, and he understood why.
A genuine smile crept up to his face as she bowed in courtesy.
"The pleasure was all mine Miss Harvey. Do make sure you get some rest."
"Hmmm." She nodded.
With that, Roxanne walked further into her room and Peter closed the door behind her. He turned his back towards her door and pulled his phone from his pocket. He clicked the home button to check the time.
It was already 9:00pm. He made a mental note to check up on Lancelot before retiring for the night.
Lancelot was clearly not in his Chambers, so there were only two places he could be in at this time; the king's study, or the salon. And with Reuben's presence, Peter was very sure it was the latter.
So, he tucked his phone safely into his pocket again as he began his walk to the salon.
The smell of booze and expensive wine hit his nose first as he walked in. Followed by the faint scent of cigars. Peter eyes scanned the room and found Lord Richard smoking a pipe, seated in a round table with the other men of the house. They were gathered around a chess board, while Reuben stood in front of the table, throwing darts. Peter continued to look around the room until he found Lancelot seated across the bar counter.
There was a small bottle of Vodka in front of him. Next to it, was a bottle of Hennessy. Peter's eyes narrowed as he walked in. Three years of being by Lancelot's side had taught him two things.
The first was that Lancelot only drank so much when he was stressed, bothered or feeling empty. And he wasn't sure whether it was one of these, or all of the three.
Secondly, Lancelot Dankworth's body system was not very receptive to alcohol. Meaning that three shots of vodka could send him over the edge. Peter sighed as he moved to stand by a distal corner, his eyes fixed on Lancelot. He would have to keep his eyes on his boss for the rest of the night.
Lancelot sat quietly, pouring the content of the glass in front of him down his throat. This was the third glass of the mix of Vodka and Hennessy he was drinking, and there would still be more to come. He looked over to where Reuben stood, holding a dart pin in his hand as he laughed.
Lancelot had zoned out of their conversation earlier. He hated to sit next to Reuben. The man reminded him so much about his brother. And Lancelot had tried all these years to forget about him. Just when he thought he was making progress, Reuben shows up and can't seem to shut up about him.
As Lancelot continued to stare at him with dark eyes, Reuben turned to look at him and their eyes met. Reuben was puzzled by the way Lancelot glared at him. When he smiled, Lancelot tore his eyes away from him and focused it on the bottle in front of him.
"Hey, Lance," Reuben called out. Lancelot's teeth clenched together. Why wouldn't Reuben just leave him alone? His presence here alone was torture, he did not need Reuben talking to him, or trying to bring up fun memories of Bran. But, that was exactly what Reuben did next.
"Remember that time during your dad's birthday ceremony, when Bran stuffed all boxes with cake and ruined all our clothes?"
On hearing this, everyone in the room laughed.
"No way! Did he really do that?" Madeline called out, amidst her laughter.
Reuben turned away from Lancelot and looked at his aunty.
"Of course he did! We made sure we got rid of the clothes ourselves so it never got to your ears." His eyes continued to sparkle with laughter.
"I cannot believe the servants did not say anything about it!" Edward spoke up, laughing as he put his right arm over his wife's shoulders. Sizzling with joy and relief to be talking about her son, Madeline sighed as she rested her head on Edward's body.
"Lancelot bribed our cleaner with a five pounds note to keep her from talking. He has always been the politician..." Reuben spoke up again, turning to Lancelot. "Right, Lance?"
On mention of his name, Lancelot slightly cocked his head, so he was staring at Reuben with dead eyes. If the man didn't want to take the hint and leave him out of the conversation, Lancelot would just have to tell him off by himself. "Just let me be," he spoke, a hiccup escaped his throat. Lancelot held the bottle of Hennessy by the neck and brought it up to his lips, before taking his eyes away from Reuben.
Lancelot's reply darkened the mood. Madeline was not pleased to see him brush off Reuben in such a way, and Edward was worried about him. Richard and Bailey stared at him with pitiful eyes. Only Lady Marion and Eloise, who were seated close to the window, admiring the night sky, did not partake of the sudden glumness.
Reuben sensed the change of mood and chuckled lightly.
"Would you look at that? Still the grumpy baby boy we all know." As he laughed, Madeline smiled as well.
The effect of his contagious laugh spread across the room in less than thirty seconds. Everyone had their eyes glistering with happiness once again.
"Aunty, please do remind me to give you what I got for Bran's grave," Reuben spoke, turning to the dart board and throwing the pin forward.
When the pin touched the bull's eye, Richard cheered with excitement.
"You've gotten better at this game boy," Bailey spoke up, seemingly impressed by his nephew's dart skills.
Reuben turned to him and bowed.
"Why, thank you Uncle. I was raised by the master of darts himself. I owe it to him to be splendid."
Anger began to boil at the pit of Lancelot's stomach. Why did Reuben have to relate every sentence that came out of his mouth to Bran? And everyone was so comfortable talking about him. Years had passed since Bran left, and not once had they gathered to share memories of him, not once had any of them tried to be there for each other. They were a family, yet they grieved separately and in secret, as though they were enemies.
And him? His mother had not even given him the breathing space to mourn Bran!
And yet, here she was, leaning on her husband for emotional and physical support as Reuben recollected all his fun memories with his brother. Lancelot knew that Bran and Reuben were best friends. Hell! They were even born on the same day. And were inseparable until Bran left.
And Reuben left too. For all those years, leaving the family to handle the loss by themselves.
Still, he had the audacity to stand here and talk about him as though he had been with them all this while.
And when Madeline mentioned Bran's name again, Lancelot felt as though he should send the bottle of Hennessy to Reuben's face for ever bringing up Bran's name.
"Bran was..." Madeline paused, heaving a heavy sigh.
"He was an extra ordinary boy. My first pup." Her eyes became teary, but she dabbed it with the back of her fingers. They weren't tears of pain, they were tears of joy. The joy she got from freely talking about him and how much she loved him. "He was a blessing to us. It's a shame that he didn't..."
The sound of Lancelot b*** his fist on the wooden counter interrupted Edward's statement, and stole everyone's attention as well.
Peter's once sleepy eyes opened immediately. He caught sight of Lancelot, almost drunk out of his mind and boiling in anger. He knew he had to do something, before Lancelot made a mistake that he could not fix.
Madeline's eyes widened in shock as she stared at Lancelot's raging eyes. She had seen him angry before, but this time was different. His eyes were hollow. Bitterness, rage and what seemed like fear, danced around his blue orbs. Sitting here and talking about Bran as though he was on a vacation to return soon was a trigger for Lancelot.
As Lancelot staggered up from his seat, Peter rushed to him. He held Lancelot right arm and bowed to the rest of the royal family. Lancelot had to be stolen from this room before he did whatever it was he was standing up to do. Which-Peter knew would only result to a disaster.
"My apologies, your majesties. But His Grace must return to his Chambers now. He is obviously..." Peter took one look at Lancelot's eyes, glaring at him. He ignored the look and turned back to them.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "...tired."
Reuben looked over Lancelot's frame, before turning back to the dart board. Edward nodded, giving Peter the permission he needed.
With that, Peter held Lancelot carefully and led him out of the room.
As they walked back to his Chambers, Lancelot growled. Peter rolled his eyes and looked up at the taller man's face.
Lancelot's chiseled jaw was still hard, he had not yet calmed down from his fury.
"Sir..."
"Get someone to give me my cinnamon tea," Lancelot ordered. He stole his arm from Peter and struggled to stand up straight. When he found his footing, he returned his eyes to his personal assistant. "I can walk by myself."
Peter sighed and nodded.
"Of course."
His eyes followed Lancelot to the door of his room. Peter followed Lancelot behind, until he walked into the room.
"I'll send your cinnamon tea to you sir."
Lancelot said nothing, only walked to his bed and fell into it. Peter took it as a sign to dismiss himself. He turned on his heels and walked away from Lancelot.
He walked out of the room, leaving the door slightly open. So that whoever was going to give him the tea would not bother with knocking, because Lancelot would not answer.
As he walked away from the room door, into the corridor, a thought crossed Peter's mind.
A smile crept up to his cheeks. He pulled out his phone from his pocket and looked at it.
Fine, Lancelot needed his tea, but also someone to be with him. And Peter knew exactly who he needed.
###CHAPTER 49: PLEASE STAY A LITTLE LONGER
Roxanne flung herself into her bed after a very warm shower. Her bones were aching and she was trying to reduce her tension from the dinner. While it had ended on a fine note, with her piano performance, she still couldn't shake up the feeling that a major part of the royal family did not want her here.
The side remarks, the glares, everything was glaring and confusing to Roxanne. However, her warm shower and a glass of milkshake was more than enough to calm her nerves.
Her head rested on her pillow, she closed her eyes to sleep after letting out deep breaths. Just when she thought she had finally found her peace, her phone rang. Her pillow continued to vibrate. She g*** in frustration and raised the pillow up, revealing her phone and Peter's name on her screen as the Caller ID.
Roxanne looked around, wondering why Peter was calling her at such hour of the night?
Curious, she answered the call and pressed the speaker to her left ear.
"Peter?" The tone of her voice must have made it obvious she was sleepy, because Peter chuckle from the other end of the line.
"My apologies for waking you up, Miss Harvey."
She sighed. "It's no problem." She was lying, it was a big problem.
"I'm glad. Mister Lancelot needs you to get him cinnamon tea. Goat milk, no sugar."
Roxanne's brows furrowed. Was Peter really asking her to get Lancelot tea by this time of the night? Didn't they have maids and servants for that?
"Peter, I..."
"Everyone has retired to bed. The corridors are empty. I would have done it myself, but there are files I need to send to foreign clients, time zones and everything..."
"I understand," Roxanne cut in, while rolling her eyes.
"I'll just go out and..." she started speaking again, but Peter cut her short.
"Dress appropriately," she heard Peter call out. Roxanne paused and frowned.
"What?"
"Just dress officially. I know that everyone has gone to their various rooms, but you do not want to be caught slacking."
Roxanne rolled her eyes and g*** inaudibly. Why did everything about these people have to be so official and proper?
"Sure thing," she said, and Peter hung up the phone immediately.
After placing her phone beneath her pillow again, she rose up from her bed. Roxanne stomped her feet in anger, dramatically, as she made her way to the wardrobe. She picked out a black suit skirt and white sleeves.
It took her five minutes to replace her linen night dress with the corporate clothes. She threw on a pair of black flats, before leaving her room.
In thirty minutes, she was able to make her way to the palace kitchen, locate everything she needed to prepare Lancelot's tea the way Peter had asked her to do it. She placed the tea cup in a saucer, placed the saucer in a small tray and walked past the empty halls, up the stairs, down the quiet and lonely corridor, before she found his room door.
It was slightly opened, and the bright light seeped into the corridor. Since it was opened, she did not bother to knock. She pushed the door gently, just enough for her to be able to pass through, before stepping into the room.
As her eyes drank in the sight, she gasped.
Roxanne had known his room would be large from when she saw it earlier, but she did not know that standing inside its elegance would feel like a dream.
The hexagonal room was large, with white and grey high walls. Two luxurious silver chandeliers hung on top of his double king-sized bed, with a rich grey exquisite bed frame. The bed was adorned with white sheets and a white duvet, and he was tucked under it.
There was a lonely feeling in the room. Perhaps, it was because the room was large and there was barely anything in it, besides his bed, ten feet wardrobe, large dressing mirror, book shelf, and working table.
She could not see his face from where she stood, so she walked closer to him. She got to the foot of his bed before she noticed that he was asleep. From his collar, she could tell that he had gone to bed in the shirt he wore for dinner. Something about his sleepy face caused her to smile. His eyes were closed, and his long lashes were now on full display. His red lips parted slightly, and the frown that was always on his face was gone. The creases on his forehead were clear. As he slept, she could hear the rhythm of his breathing. His arms were crossed on his stomach as he rested.
Roxanne did not believe Lancelot could look so peaceful. What she saw now was a sharp contrast to the Lancelot she saw every morning. Here, he looked as though he did not have a problem in the world. He was at peace with everything, including himself.
Roxanne sighed as she admired him with a smile on her face. The sound from his mobile phone on the table caused her to jolt. The tray in her hands shook and she quickly steadied her stance. Her cheeks turned an embarrassing shade of red when she noticed she had been staring at him.
Embarrassed, she lowered herself and dropped the tray on the top of the bedside drawer. Roxanne rose up and took one last look at him.
She had already turned her back to leave when the bookshelf caught her eyes. She paused and took a long look at it. A voice in her head was telling her to walk to the door and head out of the room without looking back. While another voice in her head was cajoling her to take a look around the room.
Lancelot barely said any words to her, so she had not gotten the chance to know him. But, right in front of her was a chance to dive into his thoughts. She could get to know the type of person he was and the things he liked from taking a look at his personal belongings. All she ever saw that belonged to him were his clothes, wristwatch and his phone.
This! This was a free ticket into the mind of Prince Lancelot Dankworth. And her curious mind would never forgive her if she did not accept it.
"Okay, just one short look and I'll be out," she said to herself. Roxanne turned her back to take a short glance at Lancelot, just to make sure he was still sound asleep. It would be disastrous for her if he woke up and found her rummaging through his books. She already knew how he would scowl and dismiss her without a word.
So, she tiptoed to the book shelf and stood in front of it. All she saw were books on economics, international relations, and business. Roxanne could not be surprised, he was a business man after all. However, the side of a black book caught her eyes. Roxanne tilted her head as she read the title aloud.
"The Psychology of grief and healing."
Her eye brows furrowed at it. She reached out for the book and took it out. As she looked over it, she turned her back to steal a glance at Lancelot.
Something in her wondered why he had a book about grief in his bookshelf. She returned her gaze to the book and was about to open the first page when she heard his voice.
Roxanne froze in fear. She did a 360 degree turn towards him with her eyes wide open. She should have listened to the voice that told her to flee. Now, she was in trouble.
However, when her frightened eyes fell on him, his eyes were still closed. Confused, she corked her head to the side to examine his frame closely.
Lancelot's eyes were closed, and he was muttering inaudibly. She watched as he turned restlessly, his eyes were tightly shut and the serene look in his face was gone. Now, he appeared troubled, frowning in his sleep.
That should have been her sign to drop the book and leave his room immediately. But, something in Roxanne's heart seemed to call out to him. He was troubled, and she wanted to be with him, to be there for him.
So, she silenced the voice of warning in her head, and walked to the side of his bed. Lancelot grew even more restless, his blabbing grew louder. He was turning in bed and saying words out loud, but she couldn't make out what was being said. Her eyes softened as she sat by his side. Despite the air conditioner in his room, beads of sweat formed and ran down his forehead. The heat emanating from his body seemed to warm her heart as well.
As she settled into the bed, by his side, her eyes softened. She stretched out her hand and placed it on his forehead gently.
He was having a nightmare, and Roxanne was worried about him.
"Shhh, it's okay," she whispered, leaning into him and wiping his sweat off his forehead.
"It's okay, everything is fine."
She was relieved to see him slowly calm down. She did not want him to wake up and see her here, but she could not fight back the urge to make sure that he was okay. She decided to stay back a little bit longer, until he was fully at peace. In that moment, as she smiled at him, something unexpected happened.
Roxanne's heart threatened to leap from her chest. In front of her, Lancelot's eyes opened slowly. And his gaze was resting on HER.
A wave of nausea rolled over her. She wanted to run, but her limbs had failed her. She stood by his side, waiting for him to shoot her one of his famous glares and send her out of his room.
Roxanne waited for the glare, but it never came. Instead, his eyes were hollow and sunken. The bright blue color in them was gone, and the only thing that remained was a gloomy shade of blue. His eyes were no longer cold, now, they were sad and hurt. There was a deep feeling of pain and bitterness in them, and Roxanne could sense it.
Her eyes softened as they danced all over his face.
In that moment, it dawned on her that she was not supposed to be here, not with him. She made a move to stand up quickly, but to her surprise, she felt a warm hand grab her right wrist, sending her back to the bed.
Roxanne felt heat course through her veins, a shocking wave of current washed over her. Her jaw dropped in shock. Her heart pounded furiously against her chest. She continued to stare at him in disbelief and fear. Why was he holding her? When their eyes locked, Lancelot's blue eyes were pleading with hers. There was a warmth in them that was strange, and she did not understand it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Please..." the word rolled out of his tongue with a calm and s*** tone. His thick baritone was husky. She felt the mythical butterflies in her stomach dance.
"I know this is a dream, but I need you to stay with me," he said again.
Her lips parted slightly to let out a small sigh. She was still very confused. What was going on? Roxanne watched quietly as he sat up. Their eyes never left each other's. As he sat up, Lancelot leaned into her, their faces were close. So close that she could inhale the air he exhaled.
Their hearts pounded as one, breaths rose and fell in synchrony. Her violet orbs danced around his effortlessly handsome face. She lowered her gaze to his lips. They were red and full, calling on her to just lean in and...
In that instant, her thoughts were cut short. With one swift move, Lancelot's hand cupped the back of her neck, his lips crashed on hers.
Fire. That was what she felt in her skin, and in her heart. Heat oozed out from his body and wrapped Roxanne in his warmth. Her lips parted slowly, allowing him free entry.
Once again, he claimed her lips, and seized control of her senses. Roxanne grew numb. When he deepened the kiss, her whole body melted under his hold.
A part of her neck felt the heat more than others. It burned with a bright color of red, but Roxanne was too lost in his kiss to notice it.
Finally, he broke the kiss, leaving her breathless. Roxanne still struggled to make sense of everything when Lancelot wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his body.
He smelt of fresh lemons, and masculine sweat, but it was pleasing to her senses.
She shouldn't be here, she thought. What was she doing? Why was all of this happening?
It suddenly felt confusing. She tried to wriggle free of his hold, but he only tightened his grip around her.
"Please, stay a little longer. I don't want the dream to end just yet."
Dream? She asked herself.
However, when Lancelot placed his head on her right shoulder, all the questions seemed to disappear.
And for that moment, Roxanne allowed herself be with him. She allowed his scent consume her body and her senses, she allowed him touch her, because she wanted to be touched and consumed by him. Until he fell asleep again.
###CHAPTER 50: YOU MOST CERTAINLY WOULD
The next three days seemed to pass by quickly for Roxanne. The coronation of the soon to be Alpha King was only few days away, so preparations had begun in full swing. There was never a dull or free moment for Roxanne. She was always dressed in black suit pants and white sleeves, her hair held up in a tight bun like the rest of the palace staff; even though she was particularly here for Lancelot. Peter had asked her to play along anyway, she did not want to get on the nerves of anyone here.
So, she was always at Lancelot's side. And when she wasn't, she was running errands for him. Roxanne found it very stressful, especially as she wasn't really given a warm welcome from the other staff. Apart from Peter, it looked like no one else was interested in speaking to her. She was not welcomed into any conversation and whenever she happened to walk in on one, they would stop talking and glare at her with stony eyes.
It seemed as though no one else besides Peter and Lancelot wanted her to be here. And that made complete sense because they were the ones who brought her here in the first place. Deep down, she just really wished she got a warmer reception from her fellow workers. It would have made her working life easier.
However, all her worries were washed away on the afternoon she got her first salary. Roxanne had never been happier in a long while. The thought of being hundreds of thousands of dollars richer was more than enough to refuel her zeal. So, she carried on with her duties. Nothing mattered to her; not the side remarks from her co-workers, not the stony glare and uncomfortable silence that followed her presence. And not Lancelot completely ignoring her after the night they had together.
Okay, that was a lie. Lancelot's cold silence and nonchalant dismissals were slowly driving her crazy. Roxanne was finding it very hard to understand anything.
HE HAD KISSED HER! And held on to her body until he fell soundly asleep. She still remembered tucking him into bed, planting a kiss on his forehead and walking out of the room with hopes that something had finally changed between them. Lancelot had asked her to stay with him! Perhaps, he wanted her just like she wanted him. Maybe, just maybe he felt something for her as well. However, when she arrived at his room the next morning, his icy demeanor and stone cold silence was back again. Whenever he wasn't giving her orders, he was ignoring her.
No. Not even ignoring her. For you to ignore someone, you would have to acknowledge the person's presence. But to Lancelot it was as though Roxanne wasn't even there. She was as invisible as the wind.
It infuriated Roxanne anytime she tried to think about it. More than once, she wanted to remind him about the night they had together.
Roxanne was enraged. She wanted to scream at the top of her lungs more than anything. What was wrong with him? If he didn't want to be with her, why did he bother kissing her in the first place? If she irritated him, why did he gently plead with her to stay? If she was infuriating to him, why did he seem to calm down when she touched him that night?
There were so many "whys" and "ifs" and it was driving Roxanne crazy. She wished she could call Emily and talk about it, but it had been days since she last spoke to her best friend. Between being Lancelot's secretary, per time personal assistant and full time coffee maker, Roxanne didn't have time for herself.
Frankly, even her nights were torture these days. For a very long time, she had been having nightmares. In all of them, a black wolf was always trying to attack her and going for different parts of her body. On one occasion, she had almost thought that she would lose her limbs, until she woke up.
She had become very terrified of sleeping. And whenever she caught a glance of any of the numerous wolf statues in the palace, frightening flashes of her dreams always returned.
What scared Roxanne more was how real the dreams always seemed to be. They always left her with a deep sense of danger in her gut. They were like memories.
All in all, working with Lancelot was not so pleasant, but every dollar she had earned from it, was completely worth the stress.
It was just three months after all, she thought. Three months until she was back home again, in a country that was actually hers. With enough money that would change her life forever. Two weeks had already gone, it was just ten weeks more. Ten weeks until she no longer had anything to do with Lancelot anymore. As she thought about it, pain clutched her chest with sharp claws. Roxanne was confused; while she did not want to leave him just yet, she felt like it was the best thing for her.
Within her, Roxanne couldn't wait.
And she was sure Emily could not wait to see her again.
Roxanne heaved a sad and long sigh whenever she thought about her best friend. She missed Emily so much.
So, whenever she could, Roxanne found her way to the palace's art gallery to admire the exquisite and grand artworks from the best artists around the world.
Whenever she stood in there, in the midst of so many beautiful paintings and sculptures, she felt as though Emily was there, also imagining what her friend would have to say about the place. Although, Roxanne was aware typical Emily would have A LOT to say.
It was for this same reason that she rushed to the gallery immediately it was time for her lunch break.
She had two choices; sit and wait on Lancelot as he completely ignores her. Or head over to the gallery and admire some new pieces.
For the season of the coronation, the palace gallery had undergone some renovation and new pieces which were handpicked by Lancelot's cousin, Reuben, were now present. Roxanne had been dying to take a look at them. Who knows? Maybe this time, Emily's works would be a part of the selection.
That afternoon, Roxanne let Lancelot know that she would be at the gallery for her lunch break. As usual, he said nothing. He only gave her a curt nod and turned his eyes away from her. Roxanne tried not to mind him, she simply turned on her heels and made a beeline for the door of his room.
She was out of his room, out of the royal building and headed for the palace gallery immediately. It was empty when she got there — as it was most of the time — and she was grateful for the silence. At least, she would get some time to think about what was really happening to her.
And Lancelot; her subconscious added. But she just simply hissed.
The fact that he was in her head despite how hard she tried to push him out was what annoyed her more than anything.
She was pissed at herself for being such an emotional idiot.
"I guess that's what love does to you." Her subconscious taunted. She flinched at the thought.
Was she really in love with Lancelot?
That would not be a good thing, because he didn't love her back. But she was not sure, she didn't want to draw conclusions for him. But he wasn't making things easier for her.
F***. She was here to think about Emily, not him. Still, he was all she could think about!
Roxanne's hands flew to her hair as she g*** in frustration.
"I take it you don't like the new selection."
The voice fell on her ears, and she gasped in shock. She had not realized someone else was in here with her. Was she so consumed by her thoughts of him?
Apparently flustered, she plastered a fake smile on her face and turned to the unknown speaker.
Once she saw his bright green eyes, her fake smile dissolved, and a genuine one appeared almost immediately.
It was him, Lancelot's cousin, Reuben. The man who could brighten the night sky with just his laughter, the man whose voice put smiles on the faces of those around him. The man whose presence illuminated the room. Roxanne shook her head and chuckled.
"Not at all, these are great!"
Reuben's brows furrowed in mock suspicion, she sounded too enthusiastic.
When she noticed it, Roxanne chuckled, her cheeks red with embarrassment.
"Don't mind me, I was yelling for something else." As she spoke, she watched him slowly approach her until he was standing beside her.
"It's fine. I come here to scream sometimes too," he said, turning to her.
Roxanne's eyes glittered.
"You do?"
She is so free, Reuben thought to himself. Seeing her smile so casually and laugh without caring how the laughter sounded.
"No. I was joking."
When her smile dissolved into a frown, Reuben couldn't help but laugh.
There was a short minute of silence between them, before Reuben looked at her again. Reuben felt the strange urge to get acquainted with this human female.
"You like art?"
Puzzled by his interest in her, she rose her eyes to meet his.
"Yeah. My best friend is an artist."
"Paintings or sculptures?" he asked again.
Roxanne did not know why he wanted to know these things, but it was nice to have someone who wanted to talk to her. Besides Peter, she had been really lonely these days.
"A little bit of both," she replied.
"Excellent..." He paused, corked his head to the left and broke out into another smile.
"She's American, I take it."
His next question plunged her to her slightly defensive side. Since she got to the palace, everyone seemed to have a problem with Americans.
"Yes. Is that a problem?" she blurted out.
Reuben noticed the defensive stance she had taken, by the creases on her forehead. He chuckled, the joyful sound echoed all over the room.
"Not for me, it isn't. I spent most of my teenage years in Washington. But! For the royals who haven't had the chance of dining with Americans, it is quite unheard of for them to have one under their roof. You're one special one." Roxanne sighed. She wasn't feeling very special.
Before she could say anything, Reuben spoke up again.
"I watched you play that night. It was amazing."
Roxanne's lips thinned in a smile.
"You didn't think it was too American?" she asked, her left brow raised in mock suspicion as she smiled.
Reuben laughed out loud.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Really? Well, I thought it was free spirited. You should really make something out of it. That talent is too special to waste."
Roxanne listened with keen interest as he spoke, before shaking her head.
"I tried when I was younger," she spoke up.
Reuben's eyes darkened.
"What happened?"
She looked away from him, to the painting in front of them.
"Let's just say music scholars don't have a flair for free spirits."
Reuben focused on the same painting her eyes were on.
"Then they do not have a flair for real art."
Roxanne turned to look at him. In that moment, she felt some sort of connection to him.
It was broken before she had the chance to make sense of any of it.
"Lunch break is over, Roxanne."
She flinched as she turned back. Roxanne could tell who owned that voice at any time of the day.
Lancelot stood at the entrance, his fists rolled into balls by his side.
"Duty calls," Roxanne said, looking over her shoulder to an ever smiling Reuben.
He looked up to his cousin, Lancelot's eyes met his.
"Sorry Ben, she has work to do," Lancelot spoke, but Reuben could tell his cousin was more interested in getting out of here than speaking to him.
So he gave a simple reply.
"Oh, don't worry about it." His eyes rested on Roxanne.
"I hope to see you around soon!" he called out to her.
He was so easy to talk to, Roxanne didn't know when she turned back and winked.
"You most certainly would."
And with that, she was out of his sight, Lancelot following her closely behind.
###CHAPTER 51: I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T LET ME DOWN
As she walked ahead of him, Roxanne could not help but wonder what it was that had made him sound so aggressive towards her. She raised her left arm and took a short glance at her leather wristwatch. Her break had only stolen ten minutes of her working hours. Surely, those ten minutes could not be enough to make him mad.
But then, it was Lancelot, she thought. And everything made Lancelot Dankworth mad.
Behind her, Lancelot's facial features has still not relaxed from the effect of seeing Reuben gush over her. It was plain irritating to see her eyes sparkle at him. Reuben, of all people. With his coy charm and cunning confidence. His cousin had no right to speak to his secretary, especially during working hours.
"Go ahead Lancelot, convince yourself that that's the reason you're so pissed," Ziko whispered from within him.
The taunting voice of his wolf only infuriated him the more. He frowned and looked down at Roxanne.
"We're heading towards my study," he stated.
Roxanne turned her back towards him and nodded.
"Of course sir."
She said nothing again, until they walked into the palace, and headed towards the door of his study.
As they walked through the long corridor, Lancelot caught sight of his parents approaching them. His brows furrowed when they stopped at the door of their study. He immediately quickened his pace and walked ahead of Roxanne. From afar, he could tell that the look on Madeline's face was more than enough to tear Roxanne into shreds.
They walked quietly until they arrived in front of Lancelot's parents. His tall frame was not enough to shield Roxanne from the spite in Madeline's glare. Roxanne noticed this and cowered behind Lancelot all the more, after bowing and greeting them.
Edward looked away from Roxanne and focused his eyes on Lancelot.
"I am glad you're here now. We were beginning to wonder how many hours we would have to wait for..."
"What is it, father?" Lancelot cut in, in his usual calm and bored tone.
Edward sighed and his eyes fell on Roxanne again.
"We need to talk to you..."
"In person," Madeline snapped again. And Lancelot's eyes turned to Roxanne, she looked up at him, waiting on his instruction.
"Excuse us," he spoke again, calmly.
Roxanne nodded and turned her back towards them, she walked away briskly. Madeline's glare followed her until she was out of sight.
Without saying any word, Lancelot moved closer to the door, inserted the key and opened it. He ushered his parents into the room before walking in behind them. When he was inside, he turned his back and shut the door. Lancelot returned his gaze to them, saying nothing. Madeline and Edward exchanged looks; each pleading with the other to speak first. Finally, Madeline spoke up.
"Son, we have been thinking of how to tell you this, for a while now. But with all that's been going on, we did not know how." When she noticed the indifferent look in Lancelot's eyes, she turned to Edward, signaling for him to take over. "There is something we should have told you long ago. We spoke to Bran about it before he died..."
"Father..."
Edward sighed and cut in.
"Please, listen to me. It was weird to have to tell two sons about it, but I figured we do not have a choice. It is what must be done."
Within him, Lancelot was eager to know what it was his parents were talking about. It seemed to be a big deal, because Madeline was paying strict attention to all her husband had been saying. With that thought, he heaved a sigh and looked closely at both of them.
"I'm all ears."
Edward smiled, though it appeared to be a sad one. And Madeline spoke up again.
"There is a ritual you are to conduct before your coronation. The ritual of dominance."
She stopped when Lancelot raised a brow.
"Yes. The ritual requires you to journey to three kingdoms. The kingdom of the vampires, the kingdom of the witches, and the kingdom of the fairies."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
When she finished her statement, Lancelot scoffed.
"What for, mother?"
"The three tests," Edward replied, when Lancelot turned to him, he continued.
"You would have to defeat the Vampire king to pass the test of strength. You would have to win the Grand Master of the witches to pass the test of wisdom. And the leader of the clan fairies for the test of wills." Lancelot stared at both of them in disbelief. So, he was supposed to battle with three kingdoms before his coronation, and they were just telling him now!
Madeline moved closer to him, her eyes searched his for any signs of anger or disappointment. When she saw none, she smiled and stepped back, before speaking.
"I know that it is a bit too soon, but it's a good thing you have the gift of strength. Unlike some people who just erase memories and read minds."
Edward glared at Madeline, but she only rolled her eyes without looking at him.
Lancelot was annoyed by his mother's remark about Arthur's and Aunt Eloise's gifts. Lancelot had been blessed with the gift of immense and immortal strength. A gift that was rare and was last given to Alpha Desmond, who was ten Alphas before his father.
While he was still trying to make sense of everything, Edward spoke again.
"It is not a bloody battle, just a friendly match you would have to play. They have to understand that as Alpha King, you are Superior to all of them. It would seize any thoughts of war or invasion they might be having."
"You would have to carry trusted people with you as well. To assist, not protect you. It is not a journey you can make on your own, but guards would only make you look weak. And you are not weak." Madeline added after her husband. As she stared into Lancelot's eyes, she knew he was planning to take the human female along with him.
Which was perfect, she thought. Neither of the kingdoms accepted the presence of humans. If everything went well, the human female might not be alive to return with her son. The thought pleased her and so she stayed silent. Edward nodded in approval to his wife's addition. While Lancelot continued to look at the both of them. He still could not believe they had not bothered to properly inform him about this. They still had more to say.
"One very generous tip son," Edward spoke again, leaning into the wooden table in front of him.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"The vampire king is an extremely p*** man. It would be good to take gifts to him. You know, pretty maidens who wouldn't mind spending time with him. He's an insatiable man, if you know what I mean." With that, he winked. And Lancelot felt himself cringe.
"Rumor has it, that he's gone to bed with almost all the maidens in his kingdom. You'll have to do this to impress him, to push him to calling the match," Madeline added again. She had always been one to stand firmly beside her husband, never behind.
Just when Lancelot thought they had said enough, Edward spoke again.
"The vampires are strong, you must know. The witches are scheming. But, the fairies are nice creatures, but, do not ever take them for granted. They are sharp and cunning."
'Maybe all of these would have made more sense if you had told me at least six months ago.' Lancelot thought to himself, but he stayed quiet and straight faced and listened to his parents go on and on.
"Yes, that's important. You have seven days to your coronation Lance, you have to leave in two days, so as to be back before the 5th day. There are other rituals we would have to carry out here." Madeline's excitement did nothing to hide itself in her tone. Finally, everything that they had worked for was so close to coming to life, she could almost touch it.
Lancelot blinked twice.
Two days?! Did they just say two days?!
However, he could neither express his shock, not his...bitterness. So, he nodded to his parents.
"I would begin packing immediately."
Madeline and Edward exchanged smiles. They knew Lancelot would not disappoint them, they had raised him too well for that.
Madeline hurried to him, placed a hand on his shoulder and tiptoed to plant a courtesy kiss on his cheek.
"I knew you wouldn't let me down. You never would."
With that, she brushed past him and walked out of the door. Edward had a proud smile on his face, one that remained until he walked past Lancelot as well.
Lancelot took one look over his shoulder to his parents. Indeed, he could never disappoint them.
###CHAPTER 52: THERE'S NOTHING TO TELL
Walking down the corridor, Roxanne figured it would not hurt to wander about and take a look around. After all, she was free from now till whenever the emergency meeting with Lancelot's parents ended. But, where would she go that she had never been before?
Working with Lancelot had caused her to explore almost all the public rooms in the palace.
As she walked down the stairs, her eyes caught sight of a huge door. It blended with the wall so perfectly, you would not even know it was there if you didn't look closely. But, she had looked closely and found it.
Now, Roxanne was very curious to know what was hidden behind it, or inside it. She quickened her steps down the stairs, and finally stood in front of the door.
From all the boredom she had previously experienced, her heart rejoiced at the slight chance of an adventure.
Roxanne placed her hand on the door knob and turned it. To her utmost joy, it was opened!
She opened the door gently, and stepped in. When she did, she noticed the door was only a link to another corridor. This one was longer and darker than the one which led to Lancelot's room and study. Also, this one had portraits and pictures scattered all over the high walls.
Intrigued, she stood in front of the wall clad with portraits and began to admire every one that her eyes rested on.
Just then, she heard a door open and close. Roxanne jolted in panic, she had not expected anyone to be here with her. She felt silly at the thought, why did she expect no one to be here when it wasn't even her home?!
But, she stood still and watched as two figures emerged from the room. Her heartbeat regulated itself when she recognized the two men walking towards her. Prince Arthur and Prince James, she recognized the both of them from the dinner. Once again, Roxanne mentally smacked herself when she found herself wondering what they were doing here. This was their home, they could be wherever they wanted.
When they stood in front of her, Roxanne bowed with respect.
"Prince James, Prince Arthur," she greeted.
Above her, James looked over her scrawny frame. She was the silly human female Lancelot had brought into their home. He was clearly not in the mood to look at her now, so he scoffed and brushed past her.
Roxanne raised her head, but was careful not to shoot a glare at the rude prince. At least, not while his younger brother was standing in front of her. With his eyes fixed on her body.
She cleared her throat nervously and turned away from him. Roxanne's eyes continued to dance around different portraits, until she found a picture that captured her attention immediately.
Roxanne's eyes narrowed at the picture. In it, there was a family of six-four boys, a father and a mother-seated on a luxurious couch, dressed in beautiful clothes.
When Arthur turned to her, he noticed the keen interest in her eyes. Curious, he followed her gaze to the picture. When his eyes landed on it, something in his stomach curled. He straightened his stance and was going to walk away, but the human female called him back.
"This is a beautiful portrait, don't you think?" Roxanne called out, turning to him.
While avoiding her eyes, Arthur's eyes rested on the picture once more, before facing the wall the frame rested on.
"Of course, it is."
'The last picture we ever took as a family,' he wanted to add, but he figured it was better to keep shut.
His reply caused Roxanne's eyes to sparkle, and she focused her gaze on the picture again. In it, she could see Madeline seated beside her husband, clad in a beautiful white dress that caused the beauty of her flames of red hair to show. Beside her, the king sat with a broad smile on his handsome face. This picture had to be at least twelve years old, because all the boys in the picture were little.
"The King and Queen have always been so beautiful together," she commented. Arthur simply nodded in agreement. He still wasn't comfortable speaking to her after what he had done to her.
But, she was resilient.
With bright eyes, she turned to him again.
"Where's Prince Lancelot?"
Arthur took a short glance at her, before reaching out to picture and pointing at the little boy that sat beside Madeline. He was holding on to his mother's lap with a broad smile on his face.
Roxanne was taken aback, her orbs expanded in disbelief. The only resemblance between the little boy in the picture and Lancelot of now were the blue eyes and the dark blonde hair. Every other thing was extremely different. There was a brightness in young Lancelot's eyes and wide smile spread across his cheeks. Those were two things she had never seen in him since the day they met.
Where did all of it go? She thought. However, she had to shake her mind off it. Whatever it was, it was not her problem to worry about.
"Why isn't this picture in any other part of the palace, it's really beautiful," she commented, fighting hard to distract herself from her own thoughts.
Beside her, Arthur heaved a sigh. How was he supposed to start giving this stranger the history of their family?
He threw her a polite smile.
"I guess everyone wants to forget about it." He prayed she would not ask any more questions, and was grateful for her short silence.
With the way he answered her, Roxanne knew that Arthur did not want to discuss the reason the portrait was hidden here, so she carried on with admiring it.
She recognized Lancelot, James and Arthur. But, the face of the seemingly thirteen year old boy beside King Edward was very unfamiliar.
In her curiosity, she pointed at the boy's image.
"Is this Reuben?" she asked in glee. It could have been Reuben, after all, the boy had the same glitter in his eyes like Reuben did.
Roxanne was stunned when Arthur shook his head, with a sad smile on his face.
"No, it isn't," he replied. When he saw Roxanne's left brow raise in query, his smile seemed to disappear as he spoke.
"That's our older brother, Bran."
The news was a shock to Roxanne. She had always thought Lancelot was the first child. She was surprised to know that there was someone older than him, she could not help but ask Arthur about it. "Wow. That's a shocker. I did not know there was an older prince. I have never seen him around. Is he on a vacation? Doesn't he live here? Would he return for Lancelot's..."
"He's dead."
Roxanne stopped talking. Her excitement dimmed and sympathy took over. She had really not expected such a reply.
"I'm so sorry." Her eyes softened and her tone told Arthur she really meant it.
Still, he shrugged.
"It's no bother, no one really likes to talk about it," he said out loud, watching her carefully.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne turned away from him. She was ashamed of herself for resurrecting sad memories for him.
Just then, Arthur spoke up again.
"I had thought you would know about it. Then again, Lancelot would not be one to talk about it."
His statement earned him Roxanne's full attention. She did a sharp 180 degree turn to him, with confusion in her eyes.
With that, Arthur turned on his heels and walked away.
Suddenly, an image flashed through Roxanne's mind.
"The Psychology of grief and healing," she muttered to herself, remembering the book she had found in Lancelot's room.
Roxanne stood there, trying to put bits and pieces of things together. However, something still felt out of place. There was a deep feeling in her gut. It told her that there was more to what Arthur had told her.
She could only wonder how much more.
Lancelot continued to stare at the door his parents had just walked out from. Still trying to make sense of all that they had said. Deep down, Lancelot knew that even if he spent the whole day in this study, trying to understand why they had not told him earlier, he still wouldn't get it.
With that, he decided not to bother. The only thing that was worth his time now was preparing for the ordeals ahead of him. He turned towards his table and was about to settle into his chair, before his door opened.
Lancelot g*** mentally, while thinking of what Madeline wanted to add to the list of shocking things she had said today.
But, his frown dissolved lightly when he saw Butler Lee instead. Lancelot wanted to smile, but he was not met by Lee's usual wink. Instead, the man had an urgent and worried look on his face. Lancelot's brows furrowed and his eyes narrowed at the man, why did he look so scared?
"Lee..."
"I am very sorry for barging in on you, Your Grace..."
"Okay, but..."
"You cannot do it," Lee barked out. The older man appeared to be shaking visibly. Lancelot walked forward, slowly closing the gap between them.
"Lee, what are you...?"
"I am sorry, I overheard your conversation with the King and Queen."
On hearing this, Lancelot frowned and stood still.
"You were eavesdropping," he noted, his voice had returned to its irritatingly calm and cold tone.
"With all due respect Your Grace, I am not sorry I did. In fact, I'm grateful to the goddess that she led me to your door! You cannot embark on this journey Your Highness." Even with the urgency and worry in Lee's voice, he bowed to Lancelot. Lancelot took one look at him, before speaking.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Why do you say so?"
Lee's eyes rose up to meet his again. There was a deep sense of sadness and concern in them.
"You are not ready!"
Lancelot rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to protest, but Lee was faster.
"I know what this journey means, I know what it signifies Your Grace. I also know what it took from your father, I know how difficult it was for him. You have been undergoing therapy for the past fourteen years Your Grace! Believe when I say you are not ready for this, at least not mentally or even emotionally. And your PTSD... It is not as easy as your father, the king, made it seem. You have to listen to me."
Lancelot ignored the plea in Lee's eyes and turned away from him.
"You speak as though I have a choice," Lancelot spoke up, with a casual shrug of his shoulders.
But Lee wouldn't give up.
"You can speak to your parents, I'm sure they will..."
"Understand?" Lancelot cut in. He turned his back to Lee and scoffed, bitterly.
Lancelot was growing more bitter with every passing second. And it hurt him more that he could not bring himself to blame anyone for it.
"We are talking about the same people that put this mantle on my head in the first place. They have never given me a choice about anything. Not this position, not my life, nothing at all. We are talking about the same mother of mine that threatened Doctor Flinn when she found out that I was undergoing therapy..." Lancelot stopped to breathe. He was talking so quickly and with so much anger. Lancelot turned around and b*** his fist on the table, his eyes were dark and they rested on Lee.
"Therapy is for the weak. That's what she said. I cannot be weak Lee. This is my duty to my family, and my destiny. I Don't. Have. A. Choice."
Standing beside him, Lee could see the hurt in his eyes; the hurt he had not been allowed to fully heal from. He sighed in defeat, and forced himself to smile. But, even his smile was sad. "Very well then, if you must go, you must see Doctor Flinn first."
The love in Lee's eyes caused Lancelot's heart and eyes to soften. He stood straight and nodded.
"Fine, I will."
With that, Lee turned away from him, but quickly turned to him again.
"About the human girl, you haven't told me anything," he said as his eyes dug into Lancelot's, looking for any expressions that he wasn't letting out.
Lancelot, on the other hand, wore a frown on his face.
"There is nothing to tell," he snapped, looking away from Lee to avoid his prying eyes. Lancelot began to walk to his executive chair.
Lee's eyes followed him closely.
"I really hope so." There was a strange depth to his voice. It made Lancelot look up at him.
Lee said nothing, he really hoped for Lancelot's sake that there was nothing to tell between him and the human female. If not, his dearest prince would be in deep trouble.
Without saying another word, Lee walked out of the study. Lancelot was left behind with his wandering thoughts.
###CHAPTER 53: THAT WAS WEIRD
Lancelot could not have seen himself doing this, but he had made a promise to Butler Lee that he would see Doctor Flinn before embarking on his expedition. The man was the closest thing he had to a friend, he could not afford to break his heart.
So, like a thief in the night or not - Lancelot left the palace and drove himself to Flinn's clinic. There was a lot that he needed her for. He needed to make sense of so many things and he was sure she could help him. His black Mercedes pulled up in his usual spot. Over the years, Flinn had always made sure to leave a parking space for her favorite client whenever he booked an appointment. He was part of her top ten priorities after all. Lancelot alighted the car and took swift steps into the white building.
When he got to the door of her office, he pressed his finger on the switch of the electric doorbell by the side. When he stopped, he heard her call out for him to come in. With a breathless sigh, he turned the knob and pushed the door open. In front of him, Flinn was seated behind her desk. She placed her spectacles on the wooden table in front of her. She still looked as homely as always with her grey hair and sunken brown eyes. It was one of the things Lancelot liked about her. There was something in Doctor Flinn that made him feel like he was speaking to a mother - although she wasn't his.
Flinn broke out in a smile on seeing him. Lancelot did not return the smile, instead, he made himself comfortable on the sea blue couch close to the door. It had always been his favorite chair in the office, right from when he first stepped feet into the office as a teenager. Flinn liked to tell him she had not changed it like she did the rest of her furniture, because of him.
"Doctor Flinn," he finally said, when he was in the couch, his back resting against it and his legs stretched out in front of him. Flinn chuckled and rose up from her seat. She walked to the grey couch in front of the one Lancelot was seated in, and made herself comfortable as well.
She took one long look over him before speaking.
"I wasn't thinking you'll be here so early. It must really be an emergency," she said as she leaned out of her couch, as though it would help her take a more proper look at him.
Lancelot still had his usual demeanor. His smug look that told her he would rather be anywhere else in the world rather than her office. If Flinn had not grown to know him all these years, she would have thought it was true. However, she knew that the man had become so used to trying to look like he didn't care, to the extent that he always looked like he didn't care, even without trying.
"I had to talk to you, before I left," Lancelot spoke, in his usual calm tone.
"Hmmmmmmm." Flinn leaned into her couch. "Speak," she continued.
His blue orbs shifted from the ceramic sculpture of an elephant on the round table between them, and rested on his age long therapist.
"I had the nightmare again."
Flinn noticed his eyes soften as he spoke. Something about his nightmares seemed to bring out the teenager in him again. Indeed, growing older did not make one outgrow some kind of traumas. "Someone sparked the memories of him again, is it not?" She was concerned, it showed on her face.
Lancelot sighed. Did he really want to admit that seeing Reuben had triggered his nightmares? Once again, as he thought of Reuben's bright eyes, a familiar face flashed through his mind. For that split second, Lancelot felt unable to breathe. Bran's face caused him to freeze.
"Prince Lancelot?"
Flinn's voice helped him snap out of his trance. He took in deep and sporadic breaths as his eyes danced around the room. He had to be sure this was not another nightmare as real as the last one he had. "I don't know," he said, quickly. Flinn arched a questioning brow.
"I mean, I guess so. But..." His breathing steadied. "The thought of someone seemed to make the bad parts go away. Suddenly, and for the first time in a long while, my dream ended happily." He thought back to her. Her chestnut colored hair, indigo colored eyes, and lush lips.
"The dream felt so real Doc. Like it was all happening in front of me, it was different in this aspect too."
When he focused his gaze on her again, Flinn had a knowing smile on her face. She nodded affirmatively. Indeed, this dream was different, so was he. And for some reason, she could feel it. Lancelot narrowed his eyes when she was silent for too long, little did he know that Flinn was lost in her own thoughts.
When she noticed she had been thinking for too long, she cleared her throat and sat up.
"Well, one thing is clear. You have not yet made so much progress emotionally and mentally, and I honestly fear for you."
He frowned.
"You don't think I'm ready?"
Flinn's homely brown eyes looked upon him with a sense of motherly love. She took in one long and deep breath, before leaning back into her chair.
"I think you're strong, physically. But your brute strength doesn't guarantee a sound mind. You might be ready physically, but emotionally and mentally, you really aren't."
"There you are, reminding me of my problems again."
"I would be a bad therapist if I didn't. Why do you really need to go on this journey anyway?"
When she asked the question, Flinn focused on him. She needed to be sure she was not missing anything, not a facial expression, not a body movement, nothing at all.
But, good old Lancelot did not give her anything to work with. His blue eyes only seemed to darken on her.
"I have something to protect," was all he said.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Flinn's gaze swept over him one last time. She fought back the strong urge to break out in a knowing smile. She was right, something had changed in Lancelot. And that change was influenced by someone. Although, she did not know whether to be happy for him, or fear for him.
She let out a breathless sigh and spoke.
"Indeed you do. Well, if you must go then I must wish you good luck."
Lancelot shrugged. He was never a believer of luck, but he was going to thank her for this one.
"Thank you."
A smile crept into her face, she said nothing again.
**********
With Lancelot gone to only the good goddess knows where, Roxanne was more than relieved to be left alone to arrange files and documents he left on his study table into his briefcase - the one she now carried around for him.
She was still engrossed in the assignment when she heard the door of the study open and close. Thinking it was Lancelot who had returned, she looked up. Roxanne was rather relieved to see a straight faced Peter standing in front of the door, instead of Lancelot.
She ignored the look on his face and smiled warmly.
"Peter!" Roxanne called out. Even though her hands did not leave the papers on the table, her bright eyes were fixed on his.
Her enthusiasm brightened his countenance. He shook his head, fighting back the urge to laugh as he looked at her.
"What's up? I haven't seen you in a minute," she said as she placed the files gently into the opened briefcase that lay on the table. Peter sighed and tucked both his hands into his pockets.
"I am supposed to be on a vacation."
Without looking at him, her lips spread as she said an inaudible "oh." Before she continued her work.
"Well, you would be on that soon. But you don't have much work here anyway, I'm handling things good." Roxanne had not intended to, but she did sound a tad too proud of herself. Peter rolled his eyes and Roxanne caught him with a glare.
"You don't think I am?" There was a hurt in her tone, Peter wasn't sure if she was being usual dramatic Roxanne, or she really meant it. Either way, he plastered a smile on his face.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "I am sure you are."
Roxanne noticed his serious stance, but she said nothing about it. If there was anything she needed to know, Peter would tell her.
"You must pack your things immediately. We have a business meeting to escort Sir Lancelot to, tomorrow."
And there it was! The moment of truth Roxanne had been waiting for.
Her eyes squinched in confusion.
"Meeting? Sir Lancelot didn't tell me about it. And we spoke this morning." The words "this morning" rolled out of her tongue with a slightly dramatic effect.
Peter took two steps closer to her.
"On the bright side, Sir Lancelot doesn't tell you anything, does he?"
Roxanne's scowl deepened. She hated that Peter was telling the truth.
"There are other royal families he needs to meet and discuss with before his coronation. We would be escorting and assisting him while he makes these journeys. You are to pack official dresses, speak only when you're instructed to and be by my side at all times."
Peter spoke with an unusual air of strictness. He was not smiling or inserting jokes in the middle of his sentences. He was straight faced and dishing out instructions.
As she stared at him in silence, she wondered what it was about this journey that brought out this side of him. Still, she thought maybe a little humor would bring him back to his normal self.
"Straight faces are for the boss, Peter, not you. Hell! You look like a more odd and shorter version of Sir Lancelot," she said, laughing out loud.
Peter didn't join in the laughter. Instead, he wore a thin scowl on his boyishly handsome face.
"This is not a joke Roxanne. I am serious. I have left your passport and all documents you would need on your work desk. Do make sure you pick them up."
She stopped laughing immediately. Roxanne shuddered under his scowl and focused on her work.
"I've heard you," she muttered, loud enough for him to hear.
Peter did not say anything else. He simply turned away from her and walked out of the study, closing the door behind him.
"That was weird," she said to herself, before looking up at the door he had just walked out from.
###CHAPTER 54: ELOISE'S WORDS OF WISDOM
Alas! The D-day finally arrived. Although, Doctor Flinn's revelation had sparked up something new inside of him, Lancelot wasn't sure he was ready to let his feelings come out yet not until he understood exactly what these feelings of turmoil within him were.
He would make sense of everything when he is back from his expedition, he thought. Or before his coronation. In fact, whenever he got the chance, he would try to come face-to-face with these feelings and confront them, whatever it is they may be.
Lancelot stood in front of his large dressing mirror, he watched a servant draw his suitcase out of the room. Peter had already called him to let him know that he was ready, alongside Roxanne. Now, all Lancelot had to do was go down to meet them.
He took one last look at his black suit trousers, before the sound of his door opening stole his attention. Lancelot tore his gaze away from himself and rested it on the face by his door.
His grandaunt, Eloise, stood there. Her arms folded across her chest, with a proud smile on her face. She was as elegant as ever, even in her night dress. It was the common thing amongst Dankworth women; beauty and effortless elegance. "I didn't know grandmother allowed people to walk around the palace in their nightwear," he spoke up first. His tone took a surprising and friendly turn.
It pleased Eloise. So, she returned the gesture with a smile.
"I would take any risk to speak to my favorite grandnephew on one of the biggest days of his life," she said as she moved closer to him.
Lancelot shrugged, even with the amusement in his eyes.
"You and I know your favorite grandnephew is Arthur and the biggest day of his life would be his wedding, don't flatter me aunty."
To this, Eloise threw her head back as she laughed out loud.
"Somebody has jokes this morning, does he not? Well, I just couldn't help but feel like there are important things you need to know that Madeline and Edward could have failed to tell you."
'They have failed to tell me a lot of things,' Lancelot wanted to say. But he simply stared at Eloise's caring gaze with keen eyes. He moved to lean on the top of his dressing table.
"I'm listening."
When she was sure he was indeed listening, Eloise drew in deep breaths before talking.
"This is very important. I would need you to not only listen to me, but remember and adhere to everything I have to say. You are expected to journey to three kingdoms; the vampires, the witches and the fairies. I'll assume you already know how to have your way with the vampire king. But you must remember that he is a sly fox."
She was warning him, Lancelot knew this, and so he nodded. Eloise appeared relieved, but the look was gone before Lancelot had a chance to make sense of it.
"As for the witches, you would have to keep your fiery temper IN CHECK. The witches are simply infuriating, they would feed on the knowledge that you are a werewolf and dominant by nature. Hence, blessed with a temper as hot and widespread as raging fire and so they would push you over the edge, just to sizzle the fire in you. You must not give in to them, Lancelot. You must remain calm and wise at all times. No matter what they say, you have to think first and ask yourself what Edward would have done."
As she spoke sternly, Lancelot arched a brow.
"Why my father?" He seemed nonchalant, but he was genuinely curious as to why she would use Edward as a reference.
"Your father has been such a great Alpha King because he knows how to keep his anger in check. Fierce temper has caused the gradual downfall of many Alpha Kings before him. Edward's skill has done him a lot of good." 'That's cause my mother does enough raging for both of them,' he wanted to add again, but he stayed quiet.
"For the vampires and the fairies, always keep your guard up. Match their wits, and be skilled with your replies. Learn to say no, without using the word no. Seems trivial, but it would come in handy, you must believe me."
And he did. Lancelot was indeed very grateful for the information. He felt more ready and prepared now. Eloise saw this, and was happy in her heart, that she had listened to her wolf and decided to tell Lancelot about this. Where he stood, Lancelot leaned out of his dressing table and walked to Eloise. He lowered himself and planted a courtesy kiss on her cheek. Eloise smiled and shook her head.
"You are quite a brooding charmer," she commented, looking up at him.
Lancelot's eyes sparkled, but he did not smile.
"I am flattered aunty. However, I just got down now..."
"Of course!"
With that, Lancelot proceeded to the entrance of the palace, with Eloise walking beside him.
When he got to the front door, Roxanne and Peter were there. Dressed and ready to go, as expected.
And so were more than half of his family members.
Madeline and Edward stood together, pride and certainty beamed in their eyes. Arthur was beside them, the soft look on his face was a stark contrast to the bored one on James' face as he stood beside Arthur.
As he walked past his parents, he did nothing but give them swift nods. His eyes were focused on Roxanne and Peter. He walked past Hermione and a teary eyed Elizabeth. But he said nothing to them.
Finally, he arrived in front of Peter and Roxanne. They both bowed to him, and he was going to say something when he heard Ava's familiar soprano, call from behind him.
"Your Grace!"
Standing in front of him, Roxanne felt herself cringe on hearing the female voice. How did one manage to sound so flirtatious, thirsty and irritating all at the same time? Her eyes narrowed on Lancelot's supposed "bride-to-be" as she ran towards him. It angered Roxanne that the girl had to be so beautiful. Why would Lancelot not ignore her when someone as beautiful and polished as Ava was fawning over him?
Roxanne's scowl deepened at the thought. She tried to keep her face straight, but it was very difficult to do.
When Ava tiptoed and placed a soft kiss on Lancelot's left cheek, Roxanne felt a dagger dive into her chest with brute force and dig her heart out from within it. The knot in her stomach tightened in irritation, and she wanted to turn away from them and vomit. As Ava's eyes danced over Lancelot with so much love, Roxanne could not help but envy her. Her eyelids stung with hot tears that she could not shed, and it hurt her a lot.
Behind them, Eloise's eyes rolled from Roxanne to Lancelot and Ava. There was undoubtedly something brewing between the three... She caught sight of Reuben steadily approaching Roxanne. Her wolf's eyes narrowed at him. Oops! Did she say three? Make that four of them.
A love square! How exciting.
The sound of someone clearing his throat beside her, caused Roxanne to sniff in her tears and mentally smack all those thoughts out of her head. She turned slightly to the left, only to see a smiling Reuben in front of her.
As usual, his smile filled with sunshine and everything warm and happy, caused her to smile as well. She was more than grateful for his very pleasant distraction. This way, she could take her eyes away from the very painful sight of Lancelot and Ava standing in the same space and breathing the same air.
"Sir Reuben," Roxanne called out loud. His eyes sparkled as he looked at her.
She looked down at the red shawl in his hands. She looked up at him, slightly shocked and confused.
Reuben noticed her confusion. So, he laughed and rolled the shawl around her neck, covering her shoulders and half of her arms.
The chivalrous gesture shocked Roxanne all the more. They had only spoken once, why was he being so sweet and nice to her? She knew he was a sweet person, but she did not know why his sweetness was being directed towards her. She continued to allow her eyes dance around his face, until he gave her a valid explanation.
"For the weather, in case it gets cold," Reuben finally spoke up. His charming voice fell on her ears with a soft melodious tone.
"Poor choice of clothing for the weather, don't you think Reuben?" a harsh voice spoke beside them.
Roxanne did not realize she had been holding her breath, until she risked a glance at Lancelot's hard jaw. She let out a sigh, to steady her breathing pattern.
Reuben's gaze flickered to his cousin's cold one. Once again, Lancelot was being very protective of Roxanne, it intrigued him.
"Well, it's never a harm to be well prepared, don't you think so Roxanne?"
As she heard her name, she forced a smile and nodded quickly.
"Of course, Your Grace. It certainly is."
Reuben focused on Roxanne's delicate face again. His hands brushed her shoulders gently while he smiled sweetly.
"I really want you to be safe out there, Roxanne."
She watched as the words rolled out of his tongue. He said every word as though he meant it, maybe he did. Roxanne would not think about any of it. In that moment, she allowed herself to float in his loving gaze, she allowed herself to feel what it was like to be looked upon with so much admiration. She allowed herself pride in the moment.
But it didn't last long. Lancelot's voice cut it short once again. For few seconds, Roxanne was displeased that he did.
"We must be on our way now."
Reuben and Roxanne jolted on hearing his voice. Reuben threw Roxanne a wink before walking away from them. Lancelot's burning eyes followed him behind, until he was out of sight.
"If we don't move now sir, we might just miss our flight." It was Peter who spoke this time.
Roxanne was surprised to hear his voice. She had almost forgotten he was standing next to her.
Lancelot did not say anything. Instead, he looked ahead and walked towards the Tesla parked in front of them.
Roxanne followed Peter closely behind.
They all entered into the car, and Roxanne remained quiet as they drove out of the palace.
Peter sat at the front seat, while Roxanne and Lancelot shared the back.
Throughout the drive, neither said a word to each other. The only thing that was shared between them was the heat building up in both their bodies, and the occasional glances Roxanne threw to Lancelot, none of which were reciprocated.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
He was sitting so close to her, her body knew this. They had been in close space more than once before, but something about this time felt different. Her left hand was beside his right hand. Roxanne could not help but wonder what it would feel like to reach out and graze him with her touch.
As if reading her thoughts, Lancelot drew his hand back and placed it on his thigh.
Roxanne gulped her saliva, with whatever remained of her pride down and turned away from him. Even his subconscious had rejected her. Good! Very good!
For the rest of the journey, even while inside the plane, Roxanne made sure she stayed at least ten feet away from Lancelot. It was necessary for her if she wasn't going to lose her mind.
After what seemed like ten hours, their plane finally touched down in Rome.
Peter walked ahead of Lancelot, while Roxanne dragged her feet beside him. She did not want to get too close to draw in his scent, she wasn't sure she could do that without breaking into tears.
They were ushered into a red limousine. As they rode through the city, Roxanne was stunned to see that there were barely any people outside. She wanted to ask if there was a "stay in" public holiday, but decided against it. Roxanne's heart began to race once the car came to a halt. The side doors opened and they stepped out.
She allowed herself take in the magnificence of the palace in front of her. Unlike Dankworth palace, it had a dark and possessive presence. There were no flowers around the palace, no fountains outside either. The only thing that passed for beautification was the sculpture of a huge and scary looking bat in the middle of the vast land. The ground was interlocked, not even grass was present.
Once again, there was not a single soul outside. The driver who drove them hurried into the palace as well.
What was wrong with this place? She thought to herself.
They ushered themselves into the huge palace doors, but were met with stewards bowing and greeting Lancelot as they walked in.
Roxanne made sure she stuck to Peter's side, as she had been told, while Lancelot walked ahead of them.
She saw when a lanky man in butler's uniform approached Lancelot.
The strange man bowed and Lancelot nodded with lack of interest.
"Your Grace. His majesty is in the throne room, he awaits your presence."
When the man raised his head up, Lancelot turned back to Roxanne and Peter.
"Stay here, only come in when I signal you to." His eyes drifted to Peter.
"Peter, make sure Roxanne sticks to your side at all times, am I understood?"
Roxanne turned to Peter and watched as he nodded, she was slightly annoyed. Why didn't he just talk to her instead? What was the need of going through Peter?
But she said nothing. Instead, she watched his back with keen eyes as he disappeared through a door in front of them, while walking behind the lanky man.
###CHAPTER 55: I WANT HER
Lancelot walked through a short and dimly lit corridor behind the butler. He could only hope that Roxanne would adhere to his instructions and stay at a place this time. He did not need her wandering into places she wasn't supposed to be, as she had done at his palace.
Though he did not know the vampires well, he knew for a fact that he was not ready to make a scene while trying to rescue Roxanne from whatever trouble she might get into.
As he continued in his line of thoughts, a black curtain was parted revealing the magnificence of the throne room of the vampire king.
Two maidens mounted the sides of the curtains, dressed in transparent black linen that allowed Lancelot see beyond the veil, to their bare bodies.
He turned away sharply. His father had told him that the vampire king was a man w***, but he had not expected to be ushered in by half n*** women. Lancelot was grateful for his expressionless face, it was how he was able to mask his disgust.
Everything about the palace was dark, even down to the black marble floor.
"Well, well, well, if it isn't the greatest king of all time."
Lancelot stood still. In front of him, the vampire king took slow steps down the stairs that connected the floor to the podium where his royal seat was mounted. The vampire king was one who liked to tower above people, it showed even in his throne room.
Amidst all the many things he had to watch out for, Lancelot could not miss out on the king's sarcastic tone.
"Aztec," Lancelot finally growled, when the vampire king did a mock bow in front of him.
Aztec Rold was the vampire king, who took after his father, Sergio Rold. He stood tall, a total of six feet and three inches tall, about three inches shorter than Lancelot. Still, he had a grave domineering presence about him. And grey eyes that seemed to pierce through your eye sockets and stare into your soul whenever he looked at you.
"To what do I owe the presence of one of the greatest kings in history?" Aztec asked once again, teasing and smiling at Lancelot.
But his guest wasn't one to play. The wolf prince still remained stoic, despite his numerous jokes. Aztec had expected this anyway, he was more than happy to continue to slip under Lancelot's skin until he was satisfied.
Lancelot did not force a smile as he focused on Aztec, instead, he spoke up. He wanted to get this over with as soon as possible.
"I do not come alone, I come bearing gifts."
Aztec's eyes sparkled at the mention of gifts. His smile broadened, exposing his beautiful and charming dentition.
"Gifts! Boy, am I glad!" he spoke, giving Lancelot a mock applause.
With every second he stood in Aztec's presence, Lancelot's irritation built up. He was not sure how long it would be until he could not take it anymore. One thing was certain, Lancelot would do all he could to make sure that he was out of here as soon as possible.
As Lancelot turned around and clapped twice, four beautiful maidens, clad in red body con dresses walked through the dark curtains, into the throne room.
Aztec's grey orbs darkened with pleasure. His lips thinned into a grin as he cast a glance at Lancelot. He stood still as the maidens approached him, waltzing s*** to his side, with all their eyes focused on him.
The wolf king surely has tricks, Aztec thought to himself. And Lancelot's tricks worked, because the maidens won Lancelot Aztec's full attention.
Lancelot continued to watch as the maidens surrounded Aztec and touched him gently. While murmuring things into his ear. He saw his eyes glitter with excitement, l*** and dire hunger. If he didn't believe his parents and aunt before, he did
so now.
"Oh Your Grace! I am totally flattered by your gift. How did you know what my heart so desired? I was beginning to get bored of the ladies of this land." He paused to m*** softly when one of the girls softly licked his right ear lobe. Lancelot's stomach turned in disgust, but his face remained straight.
He cast his eyes on Lancelot, his smug smile was still present on his face.
"Perhaps I should find myself a new hobby, don't you think so?"
Lancelot thought a lot of things, none of it was about Aztec's present hobby. Still, he was going to make a soft, yet witty and equally sarcastic remark, before something stopped him.
Aztec rose his head up to sniff the air. Lancelot watched him carefully, eager to know what he was trying to pick up. However, immediately the scent hit his nose as well, Lancelot turned his eyes to the entrance. His heart hammered against his chest with a deep sense of urgency. His body grew limb and his stare froze at the sight.
He knew what Aztec sensed, and he knew why the man's eyes radiated a scary sense of l*** once more.
He was looking at Roxanne.
Like a witch, she summoned all his senses immediately she walked into the room. His nostrils grew restless, his blood boiled with anticipation. And, when he set his eyes on her, Aztec was not disappointed. In front of him, stood the most delicate and beautiful woman he had ever seen.
Her eyes were the color of lavender petals, her skin glowed and her face radiated. She was the kind of beauty you wanted to lock in a cage and stare at for hours. She was the kind of beauty you could not get enough of, and Aztec was trapped already.
"Speaking of hobbies. Perhaps, I have found myself one," he spoke when he finally stopped drooling over her.
Both Aztec and Lancelot watched as Roxanne strolled in beside Peter.
With every step she took, she saw more reasons to be scared of this place. So, she did not need anyone to tell her to cower beside Peter. If only she could hide in his shadow, she would have done so without second thought.
Roxanne sighed with relief when she finally saw Lancelot in front of her. Beside him, stood an equally tall man with four maidens dressed in e*** red dresses surrounding him. These ladies were not just s***, they were beautiful as well. Much unlike the half-n*** women in black veils that had ushered them in.
Roxanne's eyes shifted to take a closer look at the strange man who she now figured was the king of this place.
Their eyes locked. Roxanne's breath stilled. He was looking at her. No, not at her... through her. His grey orbs gave his eyes an e*** look. Her limbs seemed to freeze as he walked towards her.
This had to be the most beautiful man she had ever seen. He had a flowing white hair that fell to his shoulders, with loose strands dancing around his face as he walked. From the black robe he was wearing, Roxanne caught a glimpse of his chiseled abs. She gulped hard.
His beauty was raw and e***. The type that could send any woman to her own downfall.
Now, he was standing in front of her beaming with smiles.
Aztec picked up her right hand and pressed her knuckles to his lips, he kissed them gently. Waves of current washed over his body immediately. His gaze flickered to her face slowly. He had known it, his hunger for her wasn't normal. She was a human, with red and fresh human blood running through her veins. Now, he understood why he suddenly wanted her so badly.
Roxanne watched his chivalrous act in awe. She managed to bow in courtesy when he dropped her hand.
"Your Grace," she greeted, fixing her eyes on the ground.
"You can call me Rold. Extremely beautiful women like yourself are allowed to call me by my first name."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
As he spoke, Roxanne blushed lightly.
Behind him, Lancelot's jaw hardened and his teeth gritted themselves in anger. Rage began to stir in the pit of his stomach. Aztec had no business getting so close to Roxanne. And Roxanne had no business blushing at his compliments when she had no idea what he was.
"I have brought you four beautiful maidens, and she is not part of them," Lancelot called out.
The statement came out as a warning, and it excited Aztec all the more.
He turned to Lancelot, while standing beside Roxanne. Lancelot's annoyance did nothing but amuse him.
"You don't say? Well, I want her now."
Beside him, Roxanne's breathing seemed to come to a standstill.
What did this strange man mean by he wanted her?! Her frightened eyes found Lancelot's cold ones.
"Surely you should not have a problem with that. Or do you?" Aztec raised a taunting brow at Lancelot, waiting cunningly for his next reply.
Lancelot knew he had to be careful. This man was coy and scheming.
"I wouldn't. But she is my secretary, you cannot have her." It took every ounce of energy in him not to sound as furious as he really was.
How dare this man look upon Roxanne in such a manner?! Within him, Ziko's began to growl possessively. Lancelot was fighting hard to keep his wolf in check, just as Eloise had instructed.
"Really? Then who is this guy?" Aztec asked, pointing at Peter.
Lancelot gnarled within him.
"My assistant."
"So you have an assistant and a secretary, surely you won't mind me stealing her!"
Aztec sensed Lancelot's rising temper. He stepped back, a chuckle escaping his throat.
"Oh come on Lancelot. Take it easy, she's just your worker. Why do you act as though she is something special?"
Lancelot shrugged. Roxanne appeared to be frozen beside Aztec. She was probably wondering why they were talking about her like she was a commodity about to be bought, or traded. Lancelot looked away from her and focused on Aztec's keen eyes.
"You are the one fawning over her as though she is something special. Your own words betray you, Aztec Rold."
Aztec threw his head back in laughter. Lancelot, Roxanne and Peter stared at him, each wondering what the man thought was funny.
"I guess you're right Lancelot, I guess you're right." He stopped laughing and stepped forward, closing the gap between him and the now furious Alpha prince.
"How about we draw a wager, you and me? So that you do not waste your time with me. I know that your coronation is in seven days."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot raised a brow. "What wager?"
Aztec met his glare with a charming smile.
"You give me the girl, and we call it done. I tell everyone that you won and you go back to your land and continue your business. We do not have to fight. Really! We can take an exception to that age long tradition, don't you think?" Lancelot's lips thinned in annoyance.
"It's tradition. I do not have to think," he retorted.
Aztec beamed with a taunting smirk.
"My bad, my bad, I was just giving you an easy way out."
"If I needed an easy way out, I would not be here."
Within him, Aztec was slightly annoyed. But it did not show through his broad smile. He was determined to have the female, no matter what it would cost.
"Very well then!" he spoke up, with much enthusiasm.
"I suppose you've had a long flight. You should head to your rooms now, we would talk about this later..." He cast Roxanne a wink, before turning back to Lancelot.
"I really need your secretary, even if it's just for a night."
Lancelot's eyes darkened and fell on Roxanne. He could see that she was now very uneasy, and fighting hard to hide her nerves. He had to get her out of here as soon as possible.
He also could not wait to have his fists sloughing deep into Aztec's face. He would make sure that he took of his teeth so he would never be able to smile at Roxanne or any other woman again. Worse still, he would beat him so bad he would be rendered impotent.
Aztec turned to the ladies by the entrance door and clapped to get their attention.
They hurried over to him.
"Do show out guests their rooms," Aztec commanded. The women bowed and smiled at Lancelot and Peter. Roxanne was still dumbstruck so Peter brushed her arm slightly, jerking her back to life.
Roxanne could feel Aztec's eyes burn through her back as she walked away. They were led through another corridor again. Peter was given the first room by the left and Roxanne was to be by his right. However, before he was shown his special suite, Lancelot insisted Roxanne stayed in a room close to his.
Roxanne was uncomfortable, and he didn't trust Aztec a single bit. Lancelot knew he had to keep his eyes on Roxanne at all times.
And he was determined to do so, no matter what it took.
###CHAPTER 56: IT MOST CERTAINLY IS
Roxanne could only but curse the noise both inside and outside the palace for her inability to sleep at night. The eerie silence of the day when they arrived, was a sharp contrast from the hullabaloo of the night. It was almost as though everyone slept during the day and went about their daily activities at night, like nocturnal animals. And Roxanne found it extremely weird and very unpleasant. Guards walked outside the palace, the laughter of maidens could be heard and she was left to toss and turn and savor the little sleep she could get.
It was bad enough that she spent most of her night listening to footsteps go to and fro her door, while she sat inside, hoping that she was safe. After her encounter with the strange king, Roxanne knew that she would have to be very wary of her movements in this palace.
"Stick to my side at all times," Peter had said. Well, she would do just that.
Now, the little sleep she had managed to get after hours of staring from ceiling to door to window was interrupted by the sound of a knock on her door.
Roxanne g*** in frustration as she sat up. Her eyes came face to face with her reflection in the circular mirror by the wall, in front of her bed. Her eyes were red and underneath them were heavy bags gotten from lack of sleep.
The knock came once again, and she had to take the pains of placing her feet on the ground and rising from the soft mattress. Peter must have come to assign her duties for the day. She wondered how he had been able to sleep and wake up so early. Had he not been affected from all the noise in the palace, like she was? Anyway, she would not know until she asked him.
Roxanne took slow strides to the door and opened it slowly, until it was wide open in front of her.
Her jaw dropped. Confusion caused her to arch her left brow, before surprise and faint annoyance flooded her expression. In front of her were three ladies that had to be maids or servants; they were dressed as such and shared the same makeup of smoky eye brows and pale lips.
This place only got creepier by the minute.
The first lady had a red cloth neatly folded in her hands. She tried to smile, but the smile still looked gloomy and forced.
"A dress from the king." When the lady spoke, her voice came out like a whisper, and not like she was really talking. Roxanne heard her and did not bother to ask her to repeat herself.
She looked down at the dress with scrutiny. Then, she opened her mouth to protest after forcing a smile.
"Thank you, but I really don't..."
"Want to refuse a gift from the king," the first lady spoke.
Roxanne tilted her head to side in faint amusement. Where these ladies really serious?
"I must plead with you to excuse us." It was the second lady's turn to speak or rather, whisper and Roxanne watched in awe as they brushed past her and made their way into her room. Her brows squinted. They were really serious. She turned around to look at them. One placed the red cloth on the bed, and Roxanne could see that it was a red dress, and a very beautiful one.
The maid walking towards her stole her eyes from the gown. Roxanne watched in silence as the lady pulled her to the chair in front of the mirror. She placed a hand on Roxanne's cheeks and corked her head to the sides; left and right. The lady frowned slightly and looked up to her colleagues.
"Not ready yet. Must have a bath."
It was an instruction. Immediately, the other maids hurried into the bathroom, and Roxanne could only hear the sound of running water, and breathe in the scent of Ixora petals. The woman in front of her would not stop looking at her, and Roxanne felt herself cringe time and time again.
"Very beautiful, you."
Roxanne fixed her eyes on her reflection in the mirror. She did not want to look up at the strange woman who seemed to have a small problem with sentence construction. But, she had just been complimented, so Roxanne smiled without looking at her.
"Thank you," she muttered. The maid nodded with a brief smile, Roxanne did not see her.
For the next thirty minutes, Roxanne went into the bathroom, soaked herself in a tub of clear water, aloe vera gel and ixora petals, had her hair and back scrubbed by the maids, her feet massaged and scrubbed afterwards, and she was given a brief session of facials.
She stepped out of the bathtub feeling like a bride being prepared for her wedding ceremony. Which was very strange. Last she checked, she was here to work. Roxanne could not help but wonder what would be going on with Lancelot at that point, and why Peter wasn't in her room yet to explain what was happening.
Her brunette hair was dried, her skin was massaged with scented oil. She was allowed to put on the dress by herself - thank the universe. When she looked up at her image in the mirror, Roxanne was smitten by her very own self.
The long dress clung to the body like second skin, and rolled all the way down to her heels. The right side of the dress had a thigh high slit. The dress had only one sleeve; the one on the left and a curved collar. She looked like a queen! She felt like a queen!
And it was a strange feeling.
The maids were obviously happy with their work, but they weren't done yet.
They moved her into the seat again, and turned her away from the mirror.
"You must trust us to make you look beautiful," one of them said, after noticing the questions in her glare.
Roxanne couldn't keep the next question to herself either.
"Why?"
"It is for the big fight." The woman's Italian accent took a toll on her English, but Roxanne found it sweet.
But, the answer only seemed to confuse her the more.
What big fight? She wanted to ask. But decided against it and kept still.
She sat on the chair and said nothing as the maids "worked miracles on her face" according to what one of them had called it.
Just then, she heard another knock on the door. Roxanne fought the urge to roll her eyes. Who could it be now? A nutritionist to get her ready for the fight? What in the name of the globe was even going on here?
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Come in!" he called out loud, when she had finally silenced her thoughts.
The door opened and closed to reveal a rather astonished Peter standing in front of her.
Finally! She thought, breathing down with relief. There was nothing she needed more than a familiar face to tell her what was going on. But, when she cast a questioning glare at Peter, he seemed to be more confused than she was. Still looking at him, Roxanne mouthed an inaudible "Are you serious right now?" with a scowl on her face. After Peter threw her a taunting smile, he said whispered something between the lines of "when in Rome, do as the Romans do." And that was a good joke, because they were actually in Rome.
She scoffed and looked away from him. Peter leaned into the door and gave appropriate nods to the maids who greeted him.
Both Roxanne and Peter stayed silent until the maids finished their duty and left. Roxanne rose from the chair and planted herself in front of the mirror. She was simply astonished.
Her brows were neatly drawn, her face was glowing and the red on her lips was just as sharp as the red on her body.
She giggled and turned to Peter.
"I look hot!"
Peter chuckled as he examined her carefully. She really did, but he would not tell her that, of course.
"They said it was for the big fight," Roxanne spoke up, leering at Peter.
He nodded in reply. Peter knew Roxanne did not know anything about the fight. After all, she had been told that she was here on a business trip. But, the fight was the business and he had to explain it to her. "Yes, it is," he replied curtly.
"What?" she sounded genuinely lost, which she actually was. Peter heaved a sigh and walked to the side of her bed.
"You'll see. But, first of all, pack your things if you bothered to unpack, we leave immediately after the show."
Roxanne was still not understanding anything. However, she was going to follow every of Peter's orders, just to be safe. "Well, it's a good thing I didn't unpack." She threw over her shoulder.
Peter nodded.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Indeed it is." He glanced down at his leather wristwatch and took in deep breaths.
"It's time."
Roxanne was left to wonder why that statement came out of his mouth like a death sentence, even as she walked beside him, out of the room.
************
Lancelot took another look at his muscular image in the mirror in front of him. Within him, he was boiling with rage and Ziko was more furious.
Aztec, the corny bastard, had set another wager and sealed it with his demonic blood.
Whoever won today was going to win Roxanne as well. And the stupid elders of his council had all agreed. Now, Lancelot was left with no other option than to send Aztec Rold to his grave with his bare hands; since he wasn't allowed to shape shift into his wolf and for this, Aztec was not allowed to use his super speed as a vampire.
Not that Lancelot was going to have a problem beating Aztec to a pulp, but he thought for a fleeting moment what it would be like to lose, and leave Roxanne for the dirty scoundrel.
Ziko howled in fury at the thought.
No, there was absolutely no way.
Wolf or no wolf, speed or no speed, Lancelot was going to make sure Aztec never recovers the balls to set his eyes on another female.
It was not a threat, it was a promise.
There was a knock on his door, and Lancelot called for the person to come in.
It was Aztec's chief guard, and captain of his soldiers. The man looked over at Lancelot with faint disdain and frowned.
"It is time."
Lancelot's jaw hardened. He thought of a million ways to end Aztec's life, if he was given the chance.
"It most certainly is."
###CHAPTER 57: RULES OR NO RULES
The sun rays hit the pit of the grand colosseum, which Peter had previously called the Flavian Amphitheatre. However, Roxanne was struck with the realization that apart from the pit of the colosseum, where the fight was to take place, the rows and columns where the audience and musicians sat where shielded from the sun with a thick canopy of brick roofs.
Peter had said it was to shield the audience away from the scorching sun, seeing as the fight could sometimes take hours, and Roman sun rays were not as friendly as the ones of the spring, summer and even autumn sun in London, or back in her hometown in America.
For this, Roxanne was grateful. The thought of being sunburned along with hundreds of thousands of people was not really a good one for her. Now, she could watch the fight in peace.
All around them, the crowd agitated, musicians played drums while the rest of the audience screamed strange chants of war. Roxanne saw Peter nod to the rhythm once or twice, as though he was enjoying it.
But Roxanne found all of it strange. She felt like she was in the middle of some gladiator fight in 16AD. Peter tugged at her arm and told her to relax, he had a reassuring smile on her face. Roxanne promised to try to enjoy herself. From five rows above the pit, she watched iron bars rise up, and Aztec walked in. The audience rose up and his name erupted from all over the colosseum. Roxanne pressed both her palms to her ears to deafen herself to the noise. She watched with keen eyes as he walked further into the sandy pit. Clad in nothing but royal blue shorts. His white and long hair was tied into a bun behind his head, and various tattoos covered the mean muscles of his biceps and abs. Roxanne wondered how she had not taken note of it earlier.
He dramatically stamped his feet on the ground and beat his chest like an angry gorilla, even though the smile on his face was proud. This gesture seemed to arouse the audience, because they began to scream at the top of their voices once again.
King Aztec Rold turned around slowly, allowing the people to bask in the glory of seeing him out in the daylight. The people of his kingdom barely got a chance to catch a glimpse of their king, who was a day lighter (a vampire who could come out in the sun and not get roasted to ashes). They were all pleased by the opportunity and cheered all the more.
After Aztec's brief show, the iron bars rose up again. This time, a straight faced Lancelot strolled out of it. The cheers began again, although not as loud as before.
Roxanne's heartbeat began to race inside her chest. She squeezed her palms on her laps and took in slow and deep breaths.
Just like Aztec, the rest of Lancelot's body was bare, besides his pelvic region down to the upper part of his thighs which were covered by white colored shorts. His thick muscles and broad shoulders were left to the adoring eyes of everyone in the audience. The sweat on his body glittered against the rays of the sun.
She had seen him n*** before, but something about this time was different.
Roxanne did not know that she had been staring and drooling until Peter pinched her softly. She jolted, and he threw her a knowing smirk.
"Concentrate. The fight is about to start."
She shook her head and sighed, before clearing her throat and adjusting her sitting posture.
"Of course."
Five rows below them, Aztec walked in circles around a stiff and stoic Lancelot. The fight did not began until the sound of the large bell; he had enough time to toy with the alpha prince until then.
Aztec had a plan; to infuriate Lancelot until he ran out of breath and became weak with anger. Then, at Lancelot's brief moment of weakness, he would strike and send the wolf's half dead body to hell. And he knew just what to do to push Lancelot over the edge.
"You can't stay stagnant for long, you would have to fight me sooner or later," Aztec spoke up, casting Lancelot a grin.
Lancelot frowned without looking at him, Aztec walked to Lancelot's back and lingered there.
"Don't flatter yourself, this would only be a fight if you manage to get your hands on me." Lancelot gnarled.
"Do you underestimate me, alpha prince?" Aztec sounded too excited, and it irked Lancelot. The vampire king was being too confident for his own good.
"I speak only the truth."
In that moment, the sound of the bell signifying the beginning of the fight was heard. Above them, the crowd erupted in cheers, even while divided into two; a majority part for Aztec, and the other for Lancelot.
Aztec stood in front of Lancelot and took a stance. His right leg was at the forefront, his left at the back, his two arms were in front of his face, ready to defend an attack and make an attack as well. Lancelot cracked his neck and rolled his fists into balls in front of his chest.
They walked in circular motion for a short while, each calculating the right time to strike. Just then, Aztec's lips spread out in a thin grin.
"You know what I thought about last night?"
"Keep your nonsense to yourself, Rold."
"Ah! But you must hear it." He tried to fling his opponent a kick, but Lancelot was swift enough to dodge it.
The colosseum shook with chants of cheers from every angle. The audience had already began to bet their money on the fighters.
Sly fox, Lancelot thought, after he had dodged Aztec's kick by lowering his shoulder and tilting his head to the left.
"I missed. But I certainly would not miss on the first chance I get to grope your secretary's succulent body." Aztec threw his head back as he laughed. Before he could focus on his opponent, Lancelot buried his fists into his stomach. It sent Aztec staggering backwards.
When he regained his stance, his grey iris narrowed at a fiery eyed Lancelot. Aztec's grin only widened; his plan was working.
"Are you annoyed Alpha Prince? Does the thought of my teeth buried in her neck and my hands on squeezing her succulent b*** annoy you?"
Lancelot's fury sprang up to life again, a bright red flashed in front of his eyes, and he drilled his fists into Aztec's nose, wiping away the grin from his face. Aztec's face shifted to the left, blood spilled from his mouth with the force Lancelot used to hit him. Lancelot flung a kick at the man's stomach, sending him down to the ground.
Aztec felt his back come in contact with the scorching hot sand, he tried to raise his face up, but Lancelot seized hold of his body by pouncing on top of him.
The vampire king spat out the blood that gathered in his mouth. He smiled again to reveal his bloody teeth. Right there and then, Lancelot wanted to grip his head and separate it from the rest of his body with his claws and teeth. This man was the definition of despicable, and the more Lancelot looked at him, the more his blood boiled with rage.
"That's right, that's right. She'll have a nice time riding my c*** like this. I'll save you a seat to watch, and you can..." His speech was interrupted by Lancelot's fists crashing on his face. The Alpha Prince's blows sent his face left and right. Above him, veins popped out of Lancelot's forehead and arms in anger, his eyes were red and dark with fury. He was going to kill Aztec, rules or no rules.
From where she sat, Roxanne watched in horror. The man she was looking at was a totally different person. She could almost see the flames of anger burning around him. Subconsciously, she gripped the linen of Peter's suit trouser. He stared down at her, she was visibly shaking.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Are you alright?"
"What is this?" she asked breathlessly, while her stunned gaze was fixed on the beast that had taken over Lancelot, and the laughing maniac he was so close to killing.
"Tradition," Peter replied curtly. A knot tightened in Roxanne's stomach, she wanted nothing more than to lower her head and vomit. The sight of so much blood was making her nauseous, but she said nothing.
What kind of tradition was this? She would have thought that with the way everyone in the palace was so prim and proper, they would have better things in their tradition than a bloody gladiator fight. Lancelot continued to pound Aztec's face, but the man wouldn't just shut up.
"Why are you so angry my prince? Not that she's anything special, but you know what she is, we all do." Even with his swollen mouth and cheeks, he did not stop to trigger Lancelot. Since he could barely raise his hand, he had to continue to use the venom in his tongue.
Lancelot began to quiver with anger, he was growing dizzy with rage. Ziko hurled and thundered insults at him, screaming at the top of his lungs to allow him take control and dig his teeth into the man's neck, but Lancelot was struggling to keep Ziko in, while brutally digging a hole in Aztec's face with his fists.
Slowly, Lancelot's vision became hazy. The voices in his head were growing too loud, and his blood was being poisoned with so much irritation as anger thrummed through his veins. In that moment, he became breathless with rage. He released Aztec's face and paused to breathe, to capture his senses back.
Aztec took a peek at Lancelot's eyes, he was struggling to keep them open. In that moment, Aztec's smile widened in a very creepy way, the moment of weakness he had been waiting for had finally arrived.
"You're mine now," Aztec growled. Lancelot struggled to keep his eyes open, while raising his hand to send Aztec's face back to the sound. But he was too late. No, he was too slow. Aztec dug his right claws into Lancelot's face and peeled skin off his right cheek with one resounding slap.
Lancelot g*** in pain and fell to the ground, with blood oozing from his face. Aztec rose from the ground immediately, and dug his left heel into Lancelot's chest. Lancelot coughed, blood splattered on the floor, beside him. "I told you prince, your darling secretary is going to be all mine." As he taunted him, Aztec kicked Lancelot's face severely.
Fear gripped Roxanne's chest as she watched them. With every kick that was sent to Lancelot's face, Roxanne felt pain in her stomach. Tears welled up in her eyes, pain dug a hollow hole in her chest.
"Somebody should stop him," she croaked, hot tears stung her eyes and choked her voice. Beside her, Peter appeared stone cold calm.
"No one can, he just has to win it."
Roxanne let out a disgruntled scoff. She couldn't even begin to imagine the amount of pain he was in.
Lancelot continued to fight to hold his wolf in. Ziko had grown very restless, and almost weak. Aztec lowered his face to Lancelot's and spat on it. Lancelot tilted his head in disgust.
"I would spill my seed on her face every night, right after she kneels before me and takes my c*** in her mouth, and I'll spit on her human face, just the way I have done yours." Molten rage coursed through his veins, his eyes froze in anger, his resentment and deep disgust festered in him.
He couldn't lose this match, he had everything to protect, and everything to lose. The images Aztec spoke off were all in his head, he could see every detail of it, and it drove him mad.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
His adrenaline pumped up once more, he regained his strength almost immediately. When Aztec least suspected, Lancelot's hand gripped his neck and held it tight. Aztec's eyes widened in shock. He shivered, trying to wriggle free on Lancelot's grip.
He sent Aztec to the ground with one sharp swing, and squeezed his neck with his hands. Aztec's eyes threatened to pop out from their sockets. The veins on Lancelot's body shot up, his teeth clenched with anger.
If Aztec wouldn't give up, then he would die.
Lancelot did not stop, did not release him. Aztec felt his consciousness slowly slip out of his body, with every second Lancelot gripped him.
He kicked the air, punched Lancelot's shoulders with his hands, but nothing was strong enough to send Lancelot away from his body.
"If you don't tap out, I promise I'll kill you," Lancelot thundered, with his gritted teeth.
He could smell Aztec's blood and fear, and he was overjoyed.
In no time, Aztec tapped the floor twice, indicating his surrender.
The vampires saw this and the bell was rung.
The fight was finally over.
Cheers shook the entire Amphitheatre. Joy and screams of rage erupted from all the walls.
Peter shot up from his seat and clapped with excitement. Roxanne could only manage to breathe down slowly, a relieved smile crept up to her lips.
He won, Lancelot won.
He rose from Aztec's body and raised his two arms to the air, while panting and trying to steady his breath. Drops of sweat trickled down his forehead and every part of his body, his body was stained with sweat and sand. The injuries from the fight had healed on their own.
Lancelot turned to the audience and picked up Roxanne's scent and Peter's wolf sense. Without thinking, he charged into the audience, heading towards the row they were seated in.
Roxanne cast Peter an uncertain look. One that screamed "is he coming here?" Peter didn't seem to know the answer, he watched quietly as well.
Lancelot appeared in front of them. Peter smiled, but Lancelot did not say a word to him.
While they were still trying to make sense of what had happened, Lancelot gripped Roxanne's arm with force and fixed his tired eyes on Peter. "Let's get out of here. Now."
###CHAPTER 58: SHE SHOULD BE
"Let's get out of here. Now." His voice continued to echo in her ears and blacked out every other sound in the Amphitheatre. Immediately his skin came in contact with hers, her senses stood at attention. The hairs on her skin stood alert, and Roxanne found it hard to breathe.
As he led her down the steps, through the crowd of people, Roxanne could only see him. Nothing else that happened in the room mattered, only his warm and sandy hold on her was important.
Roxanne thought back to how long she had waited for his touch. All those times she had secretly prayed that he looked at her, said a word to her. Finally, he had acknowledged her. Finally, he had seen her, and now he was holding her. What better thing could happen today?
Lancelot held her and led her through the crowd, into the hollow corridor beyond the iron bars, they led the way to a row of bathrooms. Peter was trotting behind them, while the guards behind him made sure that no one from the audience came close to them.
When they got to the bathroom stalls, Lancelot let go of Roxanne to get a change of clothes and get the sand out of his body.
He turned to Peter to say something, but the red color against her skin caught his eyes first.
The elegant red dress accentuated her curves placed in the right places, and fit her skin color perfectly. His icy blue orbs flickered down to her legs, and lingered on the flesh of her thighs that the dress exposed. His Adam's apple danced in his throat as he swallowed hard. The red on her lips was inviting, and so was the look in her violet eyes.
She was painfully and breathtakingly beautiful.
And it angered him to see her dressed like that. The vampire king's interest in her could have multiplied, things could have gotten more difficult. He could have even ordered her kidnap and Lancelot would be left defenseless.
His nostrils twitched in anger. The admiration in his eyes dissolved and what remained was a fiery glare.
"What is this?" Lancelot spat out.
Roxanne's confusion was evident in her gaze. She did not understand what was happening.
Three minutes ago, he had held her hand firmly, after days of not speaking to her. Few seconds ago, she had seen his eyes run over her with admiration, he looked at her the way she had hoped to be looked at. And now, he was snapping at her?
How was such quick change of mood even possible?
She took time to examine his face carefully. Besides his hard glare, she noticed something that piqued her interest.
Despite all the hits and kicks he took, the only sign of the fight were the blood stains all over his face and chest. There was not a scratch on the cheek he had been scarred, or even on his chest where he had taken several kicks. Roxanne's jaw dropped. How was that even possi...
"I believe I just asked a question?"
His roaring voice snapped her out of her rumbling thoughts. Still speechless, she turned to Peter and they exchanged short glances.
Peter understood her plea and decided to speak up.
"Sir, the vampire king ordered his maids to get her dressed like that. It was really not her intention."
Even though Peter was the one speaking to him, his focus never left Roxanne. After Peter blurted a silly and sorry excuse for Roxanne's disobedience - once again - he allowed his scowl deepen as he stared down at her. "Change your clothes immediately, and get rid of this dress."
Despite his command, Roxanne stood still; more out of fear and confusion, than stubbornness. Lancelot's face contorted with annoyance. Peter saw this and pinched her arm softly. She shivered and snapped out of her trance. When she turned to Peter, he gave her a glare that gestured for her to get a change of clothes.
Roxanne turned back to Lancelot and bowed in courtesy.
"Of course sir. I'm very sorry," she blurted, before taking off into the corridor.
The eyes of the two men followed her behind, before they locked stares.
Peter shuddered under Lancelot's annoyed glare. It was his responsibility to look after Roxanne, and he had failed again. He knew that Lancelot was pissed to the core, and it was only natural Peter took responsibility for everything and apologized. So that was what he did.
"I must apologize to you sir, it was all my fault."
Indignant, Lancelot leered at him, before shrugging his shoulders.
"Whatever. Get out luggage to the car waiting for us. We leave in seven minutes. I'll be at the car waiting for you. And make sure she sticks by your side."
By SHE, they both knew who he was referring to.
Peter took Lancelot's instructions with his head bowed. He muttered a "yes sir" before hurrying down the same path Roxanne had taken earlier.
In exactly ten minutes, Lancelot was standing beside a blue Tesla. He leaned on the passenger's door as he watched Peter and Roxanne - who was now dressed in a black suit and her make up gone - approach him.
He did not take his eyes away from them until they were standing in front of him. Roxanne moved away from the duo and organized their luggage into the trunk of the car. While Peter stood in front of Lancelot, beaming with a proud smile. Lancelot corked his head to the side, with a bored expression on his face. If Peter didn't know better, he would have thought the man standing in front of him now, and the one who had beaten the vampire king to a pulp were not the same person, but he knew better. And so, he continued to smile.
"Out with it," Lancelot spoke up, and Peter was more than glad to do so.
"Your mother just called, Your Grace, and she was more than happy to tell you that she is extremely proud of you! The fight was livestreamed! Can you imagine?"
Yes. He could imagine. He would not even have been surprised if Madeline sent spies to Rome because of him. His mother was capable of anything and everything.
So, he just shrugged.
"She should be."
Peter had not expected any form of enthusiasm from Lancelot. So, he did not know why the man's lack of excitement seemed to bother him. Nevertheless, they had to move forward. There was much more ahead for all of them. Once again, Lancelot and Roxanne ended up at the back seat, while Peter sat at the front.
"I was unable to make reservations at any hotel sire. Every single one in this city seemed to be occupied. Rome is indeed a busy city. But, I have found an exquisite hotel online that had vacant rooms, so we'll be heading there," Peter spoke from the front seat, and Lancelot only murmured something, but it was in approval.
Peter smiled curtly and turned to the driver.
"Hall of Athena, please," he said aloud, and the dark haired driver nodded in understanding.
Throughout the ride, Roxanne made sure that she did not glance at Lancelot. She had decided it was time to abolish thoughts of ever being with him from her mind. She was tired of being constantly tossed about by him. His mixed signals, his indecisiveness, she was tired of everything.
This moment, she was the only thing in his world, and the next, she was treated as the last person he wanted to see. She was tired of it, all of it.
The car pulled up at the front of the grand hotel, Hall of Athena. They alighted from the car and Peter watched the hotel doormen take their luggage to the reception of the room.
It was his duty to book the rooms, so he headed to the reception table, leaving Roxanne and Lancelot standing beside each other. He was grateful to be away from the choking and awkward tension between the both of them; even if it was just for two minutes.
From where she stood beside Lancelot, Roxanne watched Peter carefully. She was trying to distract her mind from the man standing beside her. She was trying to block out his scent, and the way her heart raced when he was standing close to her. So, she paid very close attention to Peter. She would be in her hotel room soon, on her bed and she would sleep thoughts of him away. He would no longer be close enough to hunt her thoughts and spark her greatest desires. She watched in silence as Peter walked back to them, a look of displeasure on his face. When he stood in front of Lancelot, he looked worried.
"There are only two rooms left. And our driver is gone. But I can call another ride and..."
"Take it," Lancelot cut in, with his definite tone.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Peter blinked twice in confusion.
"Sir, I don't think you heard me. I said there are only two rooms left and we..."
"It's no bother, we can stay together. His grace would have his own room," Roxanne cut in with a rather very enthusiastic tone. If she was going to stay here, she was definitely not going to be with Lancelot. Hell! She would rather be given a couch in this reception than end up in the same room with Lancelot...again.
But when she was done talking, Peter shot her a warning glare and from the corner of her eyes, she saw Lancelot's face harden.
Peter did not even have the guts to ask for Lancelot's permission to go ahead. So, he was grateful when Lancelot spoke instead. "Miss Harvey and I would stay in my room. You would have yours."
While his words registered in her ears, her heart skipped about eight beats. She could feel her knees buckle and her body temperature shoot up.
Did he just say they would be sharing a room together? The both of them? What was even wrong with this man?
Roxanne was going to protest, but Peter did not give her a chance to. When he noticed she was going to speak, he talked first.
"Of course sir. I would do that right away."
He placed the final seal on Roxanne's doom and walked away like nothing happened. Peter could not blame Lancelot. His boss must have been terrified that Aztec would come back for Roxanne, and needed to have her as close to him as possible.
He just wondered when Lancelot would be bold enough to confront his feelings for her and admit it to himself, her and the rest of his family. It might never happen, but Peter honestly wished it would.
After Peter did as instructed, Lancelot was given the key to the room he would share with Roxanne and Peter was given the key to his. With that, the trio parted ways.
As they walked into the room, Roxanne could not bring herself to admire the furniture. Nothing could compare to the way her heart thundered against her chest. It felt as though it was going to burst out anytime soon. Her breath hitched, being so close to him was affecting all her six senses.
Why did he insist on constantly playing games with her? He had insisted they shared the same room. Still, he had not so much as looked at her since they walked in.
He only left her pack their boxes to the side, before he head into the bathroom.
While Lancelot was in the bathroom, Roxanne thought back to the first night they had spent together. That was also the first day she ever saw him. Her mind wandered back to their hot and intense love making...wait. Could she call it that? Love making was the act of making love and she wasn't sure that the word, love, defined what was between them. Shit! She didn't even know if there was anything between them. While she continued to think, she felt her skin by the side of her neck burn.
Roxanne g*** lightly and pressed her hand on it. Just then, the bathroom door opened and Lancelot strolled out of it. A white towel tied firmly around his waist.
Her violet iris swept across his bare chest. For a brief second, Roxanne was envious of the drops of water on them. Why did they get to be so close to him, and she didn't?
Lancelot still did not say a word to her. And when he stood in front of the mirror and held his towel, that was Roxanne's cue to run into the bathroom.
She stayed in the bathroom long enough to put on a pair of pyjamas and hurry out of the bathroom.
When she came out, slightly wet and with her pyjamas on, her gaze flickered to Lancelot.
He was tucked into bed, at the extreme right and safely hidden in the red duvet.
Was she expected to sleep on the floor? Was she expected to get into bed beside him?
She continued to wander. However, when she saw how he had pushed himself to the edge of the bed, she figured he had done so to give her enough space to lie close to him without touching him.
"Here comes nothing," she whispered to herself. She turned off the lights and climbed into bed.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 5s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
But she was nowhere near falling asleep. The more she tried to bring herself to have a good night's rest, the more she got flashes and reminisced about their first night together. The way he had touched her, pleasured her... She g*** in annoyance and looked up at the ceiling.
Why wouldn't her mind just let her be?!
Roxanne heard Lancelot's breathing pattern grow quicker. She turned her face towards him and saw how firmly his eyes were shut.
There was a frown on his face, his lips quivered even as he muttered inaudibly, throwing his head to the sides.
Roxanne's eyes softened as she watched him, her heart warmed within her. She thought of reaching out to him, but the last time she did that, he kissed her and completely ignored her since then.
She wasn't going to make that mistake again. So, she turned away from him and pressed her pillow over her ears to muffle the sound of his whimpers.
But it didn't work. Lancelot's voice grew louder, more frightened, more pained. And when he began to call for help in his sleep, she couldn't take it anymore.
Roxanne flung herself up, and rested her back on the headboard as she leaned into him. He was sweating profusely and he was visibly shaking.
Her heart bled for him.
She could only wonder what it was that caused him these nightmares.
She leaned closer to him and wiped the sweat off his face with her bare palm.
"It's okay, you're okay. Don't be scared anymore,” she whispered against his ear.
She felt connected to him, so much that she could not ignore his pain, because it felt like her pain too.
Roxanne was more than relieved when his breathing steadied, and his quivering stopped.
"You're okay. You're okay," she whispered again.
Slowly, he relaxed against her touch. A sad smile spread across her cheeks, she moved away from him and slipped into bed once more, and turning to her left side so her back was facing him. But, immediately she closed her eyes to sleep, she felt warm and thick arms wrap her body.
Roxanne's eyes flew open in astonishment. Once again, she felt heat rise up from the pit of her stomach. Her whole body seemed to light up.
She had to move away. She had to go to the floor, if that was what it took to make things right.
Roxanne took in deep breaths and tried to wriggle free of his hold, but he pulled her closer to him, her back came in contact with his body. Flames of pleasure exploded through her, and it frightened her. She felt his nose nuzzle against her ear lobe and she swallowed hard.
As his breath fanned her neck, she allowed herself relax against his warm skin. She allowed herself to feel loved, to be wrapped in his world.
It did not matter that she would regret it the next morning. It did not matter at all.
With that, she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
###CHAPTER 59: ONE DOWN
Wrapped in his arms, their heartbeats syncing, and his nose buried in her chest, Roxanne felt like she would finally be able to get some sleep.
Ever since they embarked on this weird business trip, it had been impossible to even get a minute of rest, and she was grateful for the opportunity to close her eyes in peace. Until it wasn't so peaceful anymore.
It was dark from the moment she closed her eyes, but something about the darkness she saw now was strange. It was thick and heavy, like she could stretch her hand into the empty void and hold the blackness. Roxanne shifted in her sleep, her eyelids pressed themselves together.
Her heartbeat suddenly picked up a racing pace. Something about the darkness seemed to suck life away from her, she was finding it difficult to breathe.
Animalistic growls emanated from everywhere around her. It felt like four wolves were around her, but she could not see them. She could only hear their howling and growling, all in anger. She was not welcomed there, but she couldn't see anything within the thick blanket of darkness.
Run. Her instincts screamed at her, but she was too numb to move. Roxanne's lips quivered in fear, and her body shivered tremendously.
In that moment, she felt herself being lifted from the ground and cupped in someone's arms. Whoever it was smelt of fresh cinnamon and aloe vera after shave. But the body was hairy, and the hairs were prickly and thick; like furs. She could hear distant cries from all around her. She didn't know where she was, or why the place was so dark, she didn't even know where she was being carried to.
The air around her reeked with the stench of blood and dirt. Panic seized Roxanne's chest, but she was incapable of moving.
Until she heard someone mumble words in her left ear, and warm breath fanned her neck. Instantly, her eyes opened slowly.
Her eyelids parted to reveal a dimly lit room, but it was nothing like what she had just seen in her dream or rather, nightmares. She looked down at the hand wrapped around her body, and it sent her heart racing once more. She had thought it was all a dream, but the way he held her now felt very familiar. Just like the way she was being carried in her nightmare. His scent was the same, and even the faint sounds of his snore was very peculiar to the howling of the wolves.
Roxanne could recall her previous nightmares. Though they all had a faint sense of reality and seemed more like fading memories than actual dreams, this particular one was too real to brush away. When she closed her eyes, she had really felt terror, so much that even when she opened her eyes slowly, the hammering of her heart against her chest did not stop.
Lancelot murmured something in his sleep again, and Roxanne eased herself into his body. She realized she had been holding her breath ever since and went on to release it.
Still, she wasn't at ease yet, and no amount of breathing exercise was enough to calm her nerves. Roxanne was still shaking, both mentally and physically. She wanted to sit up and clear her head, but she was too scared to do so. What if this was another nightmare? And another series of dreadful events were waiting for her if she sat up?
No, she would lay in bed. She would lie down right here until she was sure that it wasn't a nightmare. Something would have to convince her that she was really awake and out of harm before rose from the bed.
Roxanne's eyes were wide open when she heard Lancelot's phone make a beeping sound. She could tell it was from the top of the bedside drawer beside him. She still lay quietly, it could be her mind playing tricks on her. Lancelot's arm pulled away from her, and she felt his nose leave her neck. Roxanne shut her eyes immediately. If he was awake, he did not want her to know she was awake as well. She was still trying to make sense of everything. It was all awfully confusing.
As she lay still, pretending to be asleep, she heard and felt him rise from the bed. Roxanne did not open her eyes until she heard the bathroom door open and close.
The warmth of Lancelot's arms had left her, and the cold from the air conditioner suddenly took over.
Roxanne g*** in frustration and sat up. She wanted to do a lot of things; get back into bed and force herself to sleep without any nightmares, press her face into the pillow and scream with frustration at her lack of sleep, go back home to America and put all this stress behind her. Sadly, she knew she could do neither. So, she placed her head against the headboard, with her arms folded across her chest.
Once again, her mind drifted back to the dream she had. Questions could not stop running through her mind.
Why did she continually see and hear wolves in her dream? Why did every dream leave her shaking in fear when she woke up? And why did every dream - especially last night's own feel like she was living it, instead of dreaming it? As she continued to ask herself the questions, the bathroom door opened and Lancelot stepped out. He had a black towel tied around his waist this time, and his wet hair slipped to the back of his head, allowing the blue in his eyes to shine brightly.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She looked at him more closely, his lashes were straight and long, and his beards were beginning to show. She figured that with all that was going on, he had not found enough time to shave his chiseled jaw.
Roxanne stole another peek at him as he turned his back to her, and focused on his image in the dressing mirror. She watched as the muscles in his shoulders and back, move with every movement he made. Every bone was perfectly cut, every muscle was the right shape, and in the right position.
Lancelot did not look like he was born, he looked like he was f*** sculpted. No natural human being could look as perfect as this.
However, as Roxanne glanced over at his reflection in the mirror, something else stole her attention.
She rose from the bed and walked slowly towards him. She had to get a closer view to be sure that her eyes weren't deceiving her. When she stood by his side, Lancelot turned and looked down at her.
Roxanne continued to study his face carefully. Yesterday, she had told herself that she might have missed the scars on his face because she was too tired and fatigued to see straight. But now that she was standing so close to him and paying apt attention to his face, and his chest, she realized that her eyes were not deceiving her at all.
There was really no mark of yesterday's fight on his body, not even a single scar!
How? How was it possible? She was present live, it wasn't a match that was edited for ESPN wrestling, and it wasn't even a show. It was a real freaking blood bath! She saw Lancelot's skin being stolen from his face, she saw that odd man drill holes into Lancelot's chest with his heels.
And yet, there was not a single scratch on his body.
"What are you drooling at?" Lancelot's voice echoed in her ears, sending her out of her range of thoughts and back to the present.
She shook her head and smiled nervously.
How would she even tell him what she was thinking about? How would she ask him all the questions running through her mind?
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Nothing, nothing at all."
Lancelot's gaze swept over her one last time, before he stole it away and focused on his image again.
"You must get ready immediately. Our flight to Greece leaves in two hours."
Roxanne's lips twitched. No one had told her that the business trip involved getting into planes every day, visiting weird places and fearing for Lancelot's life. If she was told, she would have graciously offered to remain in the palace and wait for Lancelot and Peter to return.
But it was too late. She was here now, so, she might as well get on with it to the very end.
So, she stayed silent, headed to her suitcase, picked out her clothes and disappeared into the bathroom in her pyjamas.
Lancelot's eyes followed her behind.
She had not been staring at nothing, he thought. She was looking at him for a reason, probably even wondering about his face.
Lancelot heaved a long sigh. He knew that it was unfair of him to drag her into a world she had no idea existed before, a world that was only present in the fairy tales her kind told. It was unfair of him to expose her to so much danger, while leaving her ignorant.
But he would make things right, he thought.
Once he is crowned Alpha King, he would be able to set things straight, tell her everything. And that was why he needed to be Alpha King.
It was why he had embarked on this silly journey in the first place.
The sound of running water from the bathroom seeped into his thoughts. He shook his head and turned to his reflection in the mirror. "One down, two to go," he muttered to himself.
###CHAPTER 60: WE MAY BEGIN
It took Roxanne about forty five minutes to get dressed and organize Lancelot's suitcase, as well as hers. Peter joined in fifteen minutes later, while still making calls and hotel reservations for them, in Greece.
Peter was very hard-working and passionate about his job. And sometimes, Roxanne wondered if she could take on all the responsibilities that he did. But, she would often remind herself that this was temporary, and it was for her good as well. They left the hotel by 9:30am, got to the airport by 10:00am and their flight was scheduled to leave by 10:30am. For the thirty minutes they spent in the waiting room, Roxanne stayed silent. She and Lancelot were not really on talking terms and Peter was still very busy answering Lancelot's calls. So, she was more or less on her own.
Finally, they boarded the plane and Roxanne managed to get a few hours of sleep, before the plane landed and they had to board another limousine again. She had boarded many flights and entered more luxurious cars in the last few days than she had done in her entire life. It was both thrilling and tiring for her.
Athens, the capital city of Ancient Greece was more exciting than she had seen in Greek mythology books and movies. Granted, Zeus wasn't in some palace s*** Medusa and Athena at the same time, but something about the city seemed so magical and breathtaking. If she didn't know better, her mind would had tricked her into believing that the Greek locals actually did perform magic.
As she fixed her gaze upon the window, she wanted to ask the name of the royal family they would be meeting today, and what business Lancelot would have with them. At least, if she was going to watch another gladiator fight, she had to be more prepared than before. But, when she turned to Lancelot's absentminded gaze and Peter's busy eyes fixed on the laptop on his lap, she decided against it.
She would just have to wait and see for herself.
After what seemed like hours, the vehicle came to a halt in front of a large tower and Roxanne got down from the car after Lancelot and Peter.
The palace, which spread all over the vast expanse of land like a semi-circle, stood tall. From the look of the walls, she could see that it hadn't been polished in at least, 50 years, and she could only wonder why.
Around the palace were tall and dead trees, each looking scarier than the other. The sky above the palace was dark, darker than it had been on the outskirts of the palace.
From the people who walked around in cloaks of different colors, to the guards all dressed in black in front of the palace doors, everything about this place crept her out. What was Lancelot's deal with weird royal families anyway?
"Do you suppose they are in the council meeting already sir?" Peter asked, looking up at Lancelot.
Roxanne recognized it as their first verbal interaction since this morning. Yet, neither of them seemed very excited about it. Her violet orbs danced between their faces. Even Peter lacked his usual cheerful demeanor this morning. Roxanne couldn't help but feel like the two men knew something she didn't.
As they walked to the palace door, a strangely dressed female in a red cloak approached them. She was very tall, and Roxanne knew this because the lady almost shared the same height with Lancelot.
The lady in red bowed before Lancelot.
"Your Highness." She raised her head up and looked over at Peter and then to Roxanne. When her eyes caught Roxanne's, a frown formed on her face.
Roxanne didn't know what to make of this gesture, so she turned away from woman and tried to focus her eyes on more pleasant things.
"The council meeting would begin shortly. We are glad to have you join us so early."
"His grace is punctual in nature," Peter cut in. He wanted to get this meeting done and be out of here as soon as possible. Something about the witches' palace unnerved and seemed to drain his energy out of him, even more than the vampires.
"Of course. Follow me."
The lady in red turned her back to them and led through the large doors, into a dark hallway.
Roxanne wanted to roll her eyes so bad that it hurt.
What was the deal with European palaces and dark and weird hallways anyway? Every palace she had been to since she stepped into this continent seemed to have a secret of its own, a history that was not opened to outsiders such as herself, and it bothered her.
When they got to the front of a large door, at least eleven feet tall, the red lady turned to them, before opening the door in front of her. Peter stepped in, Lancelot was to go next. However, when Roxanne took one step forward, the lady snapped at her with an even deeper scowl.
"Stop. You're forbidden to step inside."
The disdain in the woman's voice was so obvious, Roxanne felt herself flinch. The stare in the woman's eyes was deadly, sending shivers down Roxanne's spine.
"Wait here for us," Lancelot spoke calmly to her.
She cast him a questioning glare, before forcing a polite smile.
"Of course, Your Grace."
With that, Lancelot stepped into the room and the door was shut firmly in front of Roxanne's face.
Immediately Lancelot and Peter stepped into the room, the witches, all dressed in blood red robes, rose up to chorus their greetings.
Lancelot bowed in courtesy.
The room was built with circular walls, and a high roof. Seven tall pillars built with skull shaped stones were arranged in a straight line, demarcating the council of seven witches, from the throne of the King of Witches, Grand Master Ahab, and his first queen, Diana. To their left, was a silver haired elderly woman, she was the only one who was seated on the floor, with her legs folded beneath her, and her eyes closed.
Her glowing and flowing silver hair, and her black robe told Lancelot one thing; she was the great sorceress of the witches' kingdom. The one who could see into the future and manipulate the past. The one with powers no mortal mouth dared to speak ill of. Athaliah, the great sorceress wasn't powerful, she was power herself.
Lancelot bowed before the king and his queen with greetings.
Ahab, the elderly king and grandmaster of the witches, bowed his head in courtesy as well.
"We appreciate you joining us so early, Prince Lancelot," Ahab spoke aloud. His words were accompanied by his wife's polite smile. Lancelot looked at them, from what he had heard, Ahab was supposed to have two wives, where could the other one be? He thought.
"Now that the crowned Jewel of the werewolf realm is here..." Athaliah finally spoke. Lancelot could not miss how the room suddenly became quiet, and the way her voice echoed even though she had spoken calmly. When she opened her eyes, they were a shade of glowing red, and they rested on Lancelot.
"...we may begin."
Outside the room, Roxanne continued to pace about, restlessly. She was very uneasy. Everyone who had walked into the room had cast her ugly snares. Roxanne was frustrated! She did not understand why she always got one strange form of reception or the other. Did Americans really irk Europeans that much? If so, they had no reason to worry. Once her three months here are over, she would return to her land, her home.
Behind her, an anxious woman hurried over to the door she was currently standing in front of. When the woman saw her, her senses told her to stop.
Hera, the younger queen of Ahab, stood behind Roxanne, watching her keenly. Her nostrils twitched and her eyes glowed faintly. There was no mistake in the aura around this strange woman, she was definitely human. And from the looks of it, an ignorant one.
The thought of having a human in her kingdom seemed to excite Hera, so she burst out in cheers as she smiled.
"Wow! Wow! Wow!"
The strange voice caused Roxanne to turn sharply, with the slight panic that washed over her. She felt slightly elated when she saw a smiling woman, clad in a black dress and a black cloak. Roxanne's eyes swept through her briefly.
"I am hoping to the goddess that my eyes are not deceiving me."
Roxanne found the woman's enthusiasm strange. She sounded excited, yet very surprised to see her. And Roxanne could swear she had never set her eyes on this woman in her entire life. Her brows narrowed as she leered at the woman.
Hera chuckled and placed her hands on Roxanne's shoulders. Was this human really clueless of where she was?
"Dear, whatever are you doing here?" Only a foolish human would come into the land of witches, Hera thought.
Still puzzled, Roxanne answered the question.
"I am here on a business trip, with Prince Lancelot."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Hera arched an amused brow. Business trip? Is that what she thought this was?
"You know Prince Lancelot?"
"I am his assistant," Roxanne replied, with an air of confidence that Hera wanted to laugh at. This human was really clueless.
"Just that?"
"I do not believe there's anything else I need to know." Roxanne had grown fairly irritated now, and Hera chuckled. "Of course, there certainly isn't."
She moved past the human female, pulled the door open and stepped into the throne room.
When the door closed, all eyes turned to her. Hera giggled with excitement and amusement.
She pulled the hood of her cloak down and managed to flash everyone a smile at once. "My apologies for coming in late."
"Again," Diana snapped.
Still, Hera ignored her older colleague and walked past Lancelot, but not without giving him a courtesy nod.
Immediately her eyes caught Peter's, he was entrapped in her stare. His cobalt blue eyes held hers with an intensity that he had never known before. Her round face was made up of other beautiful and delicate features like her brows, and perked lips.
Hera held the kind of beauty that you wanted to hold and never let go. The type that you wanted to keep away from the jealous eyes of the rest of the world, and in that brief moment, Peter felt the forbidden urge to want to hold her. As she walked past them, Lancelot couldn't help but feel like her long stare was because she had seen Roxanne. He wondered what could be going on behind the walls.
Peter followed Hera with his eyes until she was seated beside her husband, whom she was much younger than.
Athaliah looked around the full room one last time and smiled.
"Now, we can begin." This test was going to be different from the ones she had given to Lancelot's father and the fathers before him. She wasn't going to drive Lancelot to the edge, she was going to push him from the cliff, just to see if he had the endurance of his father.
"We saw your match with the vampire king," she started.
"I was impressed. I did not expect a prince as young as yourself to defeat a supernatural being over 700 years old."
"It was very interesting. It was a pity it had to be so short," Ahab cut in, very pleased with Lancelot's success.
Athaliah cast a knowing look on Lancelot, a widespread grin appeared on her face.
"The same reason it was interesting, was the same reason it ended so soon."
Immediately, Lancelot felt a brief surge of nerves from within him. Of course! She had to know Roxanne was here, she had to know who Roxanne was.
"You are one brave prince, Lancelot, because that would be the only explanation as to why you brought a HUMAN here." She did not yell, but she said the word "human" like it was a taboo.
The King looked at him in shock, Diana shared her husband's sentiment, while Hera wondered what Lancelot had been thinking. The rest of the council murmured.
"But!" Athaliah's voice silence the room once more.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You are Alpha King, so have it your way. Oh well, you have always been destined to be the Alpha King, even though you were not the first seed. Some unplanned obstacles just got in the way of your destiny..." Her voice stung his ears like a scorpion's bite.
As he made sense of her words, Lancelot's jaw hardened. By "obstacles", he knew she was referring to Bran and it angered him.
Athaliah saw the look on Lancelot's face, the burning rage that surfaced in his eyes. Her smile deepened. One more push, and he'll fall off the cliff, just what she wanted.
"But you are quite the relentless soul, are you not? You got rid of the obstacle without even second thought, and made it look like an accident. Brilliant move..." Her eyes darkened on him.
"Alpha Lancelot Dankworth."
Ziko growled within him. Lancelot felt his blood turn cold with rage, resentment and anger festered in him.
All these years that he had spent in therapy, trying to convince himself that he was not the reason Bran had died, that he would have saved his brother if he had the chance. All these years that he had fought hard to forgive himself for not being strong enough to save him, this demonic sorceress had managed to pull him back to the beginning, to the root of his PTSD.
He wanted nothing more than to smash her head against the royal seat and watch her blood seep away from her skull.
But, he remembered Eloise words and fought hard to stay calm. Beside him, Peter flinched, he was going to speak but Lancelot held his wrist, signaling for him to be quiet.
He was going to finish this test and come out victorious. He had to.
Athaliah was faintly pleased by his endurance, but she wasn't done yet.
"Word of advice from a sage..." she spoke up again.
"If you continue in the path you're treading, the ground would open up and swallow you along with everything you love." While she warned him, her eyes drifted to the door. Lancelot knew exactly what — or rather, who she was talking about.
Still, he remained quiet and said nothing.
When Athaliah concluded on Lancelot's results, she looked back at him and tilted her head to the side.
"This was a great meeting. But, I'm sure you must be on your way now."
Ahab's eyes moved to find Athaliah. The prince of the werewolves was here, he was supposed to be treated to a feast, and even beautiful maidens before he left. But, Athaliah ignored the king's stare.
She had gotten what she wanted, he was done with what he came here for.
Lancelot had passed the test.
On hearing this, Lancelot fought to keep his fists by his side. He bowed to Ahab and his queens, then to Athaliah.
"I must be on my way now."
"Indeed," she replied.
Without looking at Peter, Lancelot turned on his heels and charged out of the room, while his blood still boiled with rage and the vapor escaped his ears and nose. He wanted so desperately to drive his fists into anything, preferably a wall. But he couldn't do that yet, not now.
Not until he was out of this place.
For now, he had to find other ways to get rid of his evaporating rage, he had to run.
###CHAPTER 61: WELCOME TO LA GOMERA
Lancelot was almost halfway across the room when Ahab called out to him. It felt strange for the king of witches to allow the crowned prince of the greatest pack in the werewolf kingdom, leave in such a manner. He did not know what Athaliah was up to, but he wanted to make it up to Lancelot in one way or another; tradition demanded he did so.
"Prince Lancelot."
The seemingly cheerful voice of the king caused Lancelot to stop on his tracks. While his blood was still boiling with rage, he turned back to the king, only because he was not out of their presence yet, and whatever he did now would alter the result of his test; positively or negatively. Lancelot couldn't afford the latter.
"Your Highness," Lancelot replied, placing both his hands behind his back. He did not want Athaliah to see them curved into fists, incase Ahab said anything to anger him further.
"I would make sure I send representatives of my kingdom to grace your coronation. It is the least I can do to honor your presence here."
It didn't flatter him, not a single bit, but Lancelot was more than willing to play the part.
He bowed in courtesy.
"Thank you..."
"I can volunteer!"
Lancelot slowly rose his head to peep the face of the female who interrupted him with so much glee.
Hera sat beside her husband with her right hand up, and a beautiful smile plastered on her face. Diana looked over to her younger wife and scoffed in irritation, before rolling her eyes. She had always found Hera unfit for her position. Well, there was nothing a pretty face couldn't get you.
Peter stood behind Lancelot and watched her silently. He wished that he could lock eyes with her just one last time well, it wouldn't be the last time if she was really going to attend Lancelot's coronation - just so he could feel the intensity of her stunning gaze. However, she didn't look at him.
Hera's smile extended to her husband. She gave him her most charming chuckle before speaking.
"Your Highness, I have always wanted to see the great landscape of England. Imagine it! It can also be added to my list of one the many places I have been to...as your queen," she said the last three words with a definite and cajoling tone. Telling Ahab that her success would also be attributed to him. As usual, Ahab was very pleased with the thought.
"Oh dear! It really would."
Within her, Hera's lips thinned in a wide spread grin, but she did not allow it take the place of the charming smile on her face.
"I suppose I should escort the Alpha Prince to his car. I'm sure he has other places to be..." She tilted her head and stared down at Lancelot.
"Am I not right?"
Lancelot, on the other hand, was not faintly interested in whatever was happening. So, he simply nodded to her and acknowledged the king once more.
"Thank you, Your Highness. I must be on my way now." It took every iota of strength and self-control within him to be as calm as he was. Lancelot wasn't sure when he'll snap, so he tucked both hands into his pockets and made a bee line for the door. Peter hurried to walk beside him, while Hera rose from her throne seat and walked out of the throne room with three seated council members.
Roxanne was relieved to see the door open, and Lancelot's frame come into her full view. Her ecstasy dwindled immediately she saw the look on his face. The creases on his forehead were evident, and his eyes were dark with glazing fury. When he walked towards her, she moved away from him and turned her attention to Peter.
But he wasn't in the mood to talk either. Roxanne watched as the strange lady she had met earlier hurried to Lancelot's side, she could not make out the words of what was being said. So, she focused on walking by Peter's side, wishing he would at least give her a hint of what had happened.
They continued to walk until they stepped outside the palace. On the front porch, Hera paused and Lancelot was forced to stop beside her.
"I'm afraid this is where I draw the line. Do have a safe trip Prince Lancelot, I hope to see you at your coronation soon," she said. Lancelot nodded politely. Did this people want to keep him here long enough for him to tear the whole palace to shreds? What other reason would they have for their painful familiarity, even after crossing the line with him earlier?
"I look forward to it as well," he managed to mutter, while trying to stop himself from shivering with anger.
With that, Hera looked away from Lancelot and focused on Peter. When his brown eyes met with her blue ones again, she threw him a wink, a casual one, but it meant a million and one things to Peter, and sky rocketed his interest in her. Wait. Hold on a second. Was she going planning to attend the coronation on his account? Peter's eyes lightened up at the thought. He turned his head to take another look at Hera, but he was faced with her back view, and those of the three council members that walked beside her.
He would have been disappointed if he didn't feel a sudden surge of hope and pleasure.
Lancelot quickly head towards the car, parked and waiting for them, Roxanne followed behind, still curious as to what could have angered Lancelot so much and Peter follows Roxanne's trail.
"We leave for the airport immediately." Lancelot's voice came out like a low tuned roar, Roxanne's eyes danced between him and Peter, trying to use her sixth sense to figure out the problem. Peter nodded firmly. When his phone began to ring, he reached out for the gadget in his pocket and answered it.
Lancelot climbed into the limousine, and Roxanne followed him behind, wondering whether to ask him herself, or keep her mouth shut.
"Your majesty," Peter called out, holding his hand to the phone speaker, as if blocking it so the person at the other end wouldn't hear what he was about to say.
"Your mother, the queen."
Lancelot shot him a stony glare and looked away from him. Of course! His mother would call him to "congratulate" him and tell him how proud she was. She would not care about the horrors he had faced, she would not care that the walls he had managed to build around himself for so long were threatened, she would not care that he almost broke down in there. All that mattered to Madeline Dankworth, was that he won. And Lancelot was not ready to converse with her energy. "I would not be speaking to her," he growled.
Roxanne gulped her saliva with force, beside him. She had gotten her answer already; she would keep her mouth shut.
"I'm sorry Your Highness, his majesty is currently unavailable...yes, I would see to it that he calls you immediately he is. I'm sure he would appreciate it...Thank you, my queen." Peter hung up the phone before turning to the driver who stood by his side.
"The airport," Peter ordered, and the strange man nodded.
Peter climbed into the vehicle and found and settled into a comfortable spot beside a window. As usual, his eyes were fixed on his mobile phone as he tried to book flights, buy tickets online and make arrangements for Lancelot's next move. Roxanne continued to watch him in silence. Her thoughts began to race within her, she wasn't sure if she could ever be like Peter. She wasn't sure she had the grace or the professionalism she needed to be very efficient to Lancelot even at his worst moments; moments like these when he was extremely angry. She wondered if Peter did not feel the least bit of discomfort around his sometimes. How was he still able to work so hard and be so attentive and sharp when she could barely breathe beside Lancelot?
Roxanne continued in her line of thoughts until the limousine dropped them at the airport. According to Peter, their flight to Spain was leaving in the next twenty minutes.
They quickly navigated through the airport's processes, and Lancelot's temper had not still settled. Roxanne made it her point of duty to stay clear off him, until he returned to his normal self, which was still gloomy and brooding, but nothing like what he was now.
And for the rest of the three hour flight, she did just that. Only staring outside the window and allowing herself fall asleep, since she wasn't sure she would be able to get sleep wherever they were going.
After the four hour flight, their plane touched down at Canary Islands, Spain.
One step out of the plane, and Roxanne's heart was immediately stolen by the warm climate. She closed her eyes and drew in one deep breath, savoring the warmth and ease of the land. This place was going to be different! More comfortable, more accommodating! She could feel it in her spirit.
Her short breathing exercise was cut short when Peter brushed her left shoulder as he walked past. She opened her eyes to shoot him daggers with it.
"Hey!"
"You're on official duty, not on vacation," Peter called out over his shoulder, without so much as turning to her.
Roxanne frowned. Maybe, just maybe nature had replaced the warmth in Peter's heart with the weather and taken the cold of the weather and placed it in Peter's heart, because that was the only thing that could explain why he was being so...annoying.
Either that, or Lancelot's anger and cold demeanor was very contagious.
Roxanne did not know which to pick, and she didn't even want to think about it. She just continued to trot behind Peter and Lancelot.
Another car was waiting for them at the airport. Roxanne felt sick just looking at it. After now, she wasn't sure she could hop on another plane, if it wasn't back to London, or even America. She had not expected their travelling to take such a toll on her, but it did anyway.
From plane to car, from car back to plane, for two straight days. She was really tired.
She didn't have any choice but to enter the car though. But this time, she made sure she stayed at the front seat. She had had enough of being close to Lancelot for one day; or a lifetime, really.
As the car drove, she allowed herself to be stolen by the sight of the tropical trees, colorful singing birds and green grasses. The windows of the car were down, allowing the cool breeze to sweep past her face and calm her raging nerves. Everything about this place was colorful. From the people, to the buildings, the flowers and the trees. This was literally the "greenest" and most colorful country she had been to in a long while. Above them, were billboards that continuously read "Welcome to La Gomera, where the grass is truly green."
Roxanne chuckled when she understood the pun.
Finally, the car drove past huge gates, into what Roxanne could describe as "A greenhouse among gardens." The building in front of them stood high, but the roof was nothing but glass. Around the palace building, different species and colors of flowers were planted; from roses, to lilies, to alamandas, to the famous pride of Barbados.
They alighted from the car, and Roxanne continued to admire everything within the palace walls.
This place was breathtakingly beautiful with the water fountains with water that appeared to sparkle, laughing children running about and maidens dressed in bright and beautiful colors. There was something magical about this place, and it was the good kind of magic.
Roxanne was so lost in her surroundings that she did not notice the women who walked towards them, until she heard soft female voices call out to Lancelot.
"Welcome to La Gomera, Your Grace. We have been expecting you."
###CHAPTER 62: NO ONE CAN
"Welcome to La Gomera, Your Grace. We have been expecting you."
The melody and harmony of the soft voices caused her to snap out of her thoughts. When she looked up at the girls standing in front of Lancelot, her jaw dropped in awe once again.
They were faintly inches below her, and smiled with beautiful dentitions. The first lady in front had a shirt purple dress on, with matching purple hair cut short in a bob, and violet eyes, just like her. The lady who stood beside her was in all green; from her hair, to her dress, even to her eyes.
She found it cute and funny, the way they made everything about them match. Roxanne stayed quiet and watched in awe as the girl continued to speak.
Lancelot managed to cool his temper down a bit. The flight and the cool breeze from the long drive seemed to help a lot. He tried to convince himself, as the wind hit his face, that he was running out in the fields, and Ziko had taken control over him. That way, he was able to calm but both himself and his gnarling wolf.
Alas, he was here, the land of the fairies. And the last hurdle he had to cross before returning home and being crowned Alpha King.
"You must come in now, Your Grace! The queen and princesses are all awaiting your arrival."
Lancelot stole a glance at Peter and signaled for him to follow behind. As Lancelot walked, Peter and Roxanne followed him behind.
Roxanne continued to look around, and something struck her interest. It wasn't just the ladies who had approached them, everyone in the palace followed the same pattern; the color of your hair was the same as the color of your dress and eyes.
She found it cute, but weird. For a brief moment, Roxanne tried to imagine what it would be like to be them; violet eyes, violet clothes all the time, and violet hair.
As she thought of it, her hands cupped her mouth to stiffen her laughter. It was just incredibly hilarious.
This time, there were no dark spooky corridors leading to rooms she could not enter. Or dark rooms with weird Kings who wanted to take her to bed. In this palace, the doors were opened to her and she was received with a smile; rather, Lancelot, Peter and herself were received with smiles.
They stepped into the room filled with flower pots placed at every edge of the room. The sun rays hit the green marble floors of the palace and made the large room even brighter.
Maidens dressed in different colors could be seen watering the flowers and tending to the little plants.
This place was a living and thriving eco system of its own. A far cry from the cold of London, or the busy suburbs of Manhattan. This place, was a beautiful and magical breath of fresh air, and everything in it sparkled with joy. Just then, Roxanne heard footsteps approach them. She looked away from a flower bed of roses and focused on the approaching bodies.
In front of her, was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. Clad in a long and bright yellow dress that flowed to the ground, with a matching dandelion shade of hair, and eyes as bright as the sun, with a smile that was even brighter. If she didn't know better, Roxanne would have assumed this woman to be molded from the sun herself. She had never seen someone so astonishingly marvelous! And where on Earth did these people even find their contact lenses? Although, Lancelot had never seen her, he had heard and read so much about Queen Isabelle, the queen of fairies, often referred to as "Mother of all Fayes." Now that she was standing in front of him, with three young ladies behind her, Lancelot realized that the books and the lips of people told no lies. Isabelle was a sight to behold.
And so was he, Isabelle thought. Her bright eyes seemed to brighten even the more on the sight of him. His tall frame, recklessly handsome face, and carefully crafted muscles and veins. The tales she had heard of him did not do him justice at all. No one described how effortlessly he could send any woman to his bed with just his eyes, the sea blue ones that she could not help but stare at.
At that point, it did not matter to Isabelle that she could be thrice his age, she might just take him to her bed if he showed the faintest sign of interest in her. However, she found the bored look in his eyes more alluring. It would have been boring if he was so quickly entrapped by her, or her daughters. Now, she would have to chase, and Isabelle loved to chase.
That was why she flashed him her best smile when she stood in front of him.
"If it isn't the most talked about royalty in all of Europe. Prince Lancelot Dankworth." With that, she prostrated, with courtesy, and so did her daughters.
"Queen Isabelle," Lancelot spoke up, bowing to her. Beside him, Peter and Roxanne followed suit.
Isabelle's eyes danced from one body to another, until it landed on Roxanne. Subconsciously, her left brow arched in sudden interest. She could tell the lady was a human female.
What was a dignified werewolf prince, such as himself, doing with human woman, considering how much of infidels the werewolves considered humans to be?
However, it was not in her place, especially not now. There were more important things to discuss.
"I must say, I wasn't warned," she blurted out, and Lancelot stood there, without a singular idea what she was talking about.
"Your Highness?" Lancelot asked, narrowing his eyes on her.
Isabelle giggled and fanned herself with her right hand, casting Lancelot a flirtatious smile.
"That you would be so breathtakingly handsome. Your gossips do not do you any good, Your Highness."
Roxanne felt herself cringe at the sight of the woman openly fawning over Lancelot. Without even caring what he thought about her! The ladies at the back were not any different. Everyone who cast their eyes on Lancelot, seemed to be won over that instant.
Why wouldn't they? The man was a walking sculpture of Artemis, but not without a ticking time bomb that could explode at any time, regardless of the place, time or persons around him.
How did they not see that?
"Your words flatter me, Your Highness." But he did not look flattered in the least. His face remained straight, and his eyes remained distant and cold, while his palms took refuge in the pocket of his suit trouser.
"I heard that you did not spend the night at the witches' kingdom," Isabelle spoke again, still admiring his handsome face.
"Unforeseen circumstances," Lancelot retorted. Isabelle would have been offended by his cold demeanor, but she could not find it in her to do so. Fayes were after all, extremely gleeful creatures. And as queen of the Fayes, she knew her temper could affect every and anything around her. So, she remained ecstatic.
"Why, why! You must spend the night with us though! We have beautiful maidens to keep you company tonight."
What. The. Actual. Hell? Roxanne asked herself after the woman had spoken. She was wrong when she thought there was nothing strange about this place, the words coming out of this woman's mouth, were the definition of strange! Roxanne could not help the cough that escaped her throat. It caused all eyes to turn to her immediately. She lowered her gaze to the floor.
"Prince Lancelot, I do not suppose your...assistant would be able to give us a brief moment?"
Roxanne's eyes flung up when she realized the woman was talking about her. She cast Lancelot a pleading look, but he ignored her as usual. His eyes beckoned on Peter to take Roxanne outside.
As usual, Peter obeyed Lancelot's orders as he should have and gripped Roxanne's right hand, she frowned at him, but he didn't seem to mind.
"Why do I need to go outside?" she whispered between clenched teeth as they walked away from the queen and Lancelot.
"Because, issues that do not need your hearing are about to be discussed."
Roxanne rolled her eyes in annoyance.
"Why did he bring me here then?"
She had meant it as a rhetorical question, but now that he thought about it, Peter realized he didn't actually know why she was here; besides the fact that Lancelot had a dire urge to keep her by his side at all times. But of course, he couldn't tell her that.
So, he just flashed her a smile, which Roxanne found weird, and gestured to a bench crafted with bamboo and adorned with crawling and climbing flowering plants.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You're here now, so just wait on that chair for us."
She fought back the urge to stomp her feet. Peter was out of her sight before she had the chance to say anything. Defeated, she turned to the chair and moved towards it. Forget about Lancelot! Forget about the strange and beautiful queen! And forget about Peter. She would sit down on that bench and admire nature in the finest she had ever seen it.
Roxanne settled into the bench and allowed herself enjoy the sight of the children playing with the sparkling water and splashing themselves with it.
When a little baby almost fell into the fountain, Roxanne did nothing to stop her loud giggles.
That was how she caught the attention of Prince Alphonsus, who was watching the children play in the fountain from a distance. When he saw the strange human-obviously human from the aura around her throw her head back in laughter, he moved to her out of curiosity.
Alphonsus strolled over to her, and settled in by her side, ten inches away from her.
Roxanne turned sharply, in shock and confusion. But Alphonsus gave her a warm smile, as if saying "relax, I am not trying to kill you." She let out a nervous chuckle before looking over his face carefully.
From up close, he actually looked like he could not hurt a fly. With bright brown eyes and brown hair, with brown cargo pants and an equally brown vintage shirt. Yes, he was also a member of the "same color for everything" committee. She must be here with Prince Lancelot, Alphonsus thought. But he wondered why she was out here, while Lancelot was inside with his very... gleeful sister.
"Do you believe in fairies?" he asked, when she had looked away from him.
Roxanne was faintly puzzled by the question, but he had been sweetly polite to her, the least she could do was chuckle lightly.
"Sure, if you're Peter Pan," she replied, flashing him a wink.
Alphonsus threw his head back in laughter, as if he had understood what she had just said; he didn't. What was even a Peter Pan? "That sounds like you don't believe. But I wonder what you're doing here, if you don't."
Roxanne peeked at him in faint amusement and very slight confusion.
"What is this? Some fairy kingdom?"
Alphonsus glared at her shortly, before allowing a bush of dandelions to catch his attention. He found the human woman interesting, but he now knew that she was terribly ignorant, which was a good thing. In the past years, humans had posed a threat to the stability of their land, he would have hated to take precautionary measures against her.
Ignorance was indeed a bliss, sometimes.
"You look as beautiful as a fairy though," he spoke, distracting himself from his thoughts.
Roxanne was flattered. Her cheeks reddened on their own accord.
"Thank you for the pleasant pick up lines. American men could surely learn one or two tricks from you." Truthfully, she found him truly pleasant and charming.
Once again, Alphonsus laughed without having a faint idea what she was talking about. But, he knew he found her company pleasant.
Back in the palace, Lancelot walked around the throne room beside Isabelle who had insisted on introducing him to every single one of her plants. When they stood in front of the cactus, she paused and turned to him.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"It's a pity you're already betrothed to your chosen Luna."
Lancelot corked a brow at her, and it seemed to excite her the more, this woman was indeed strange.
"But, that shouldn't change anything, because, my daughter here..." She turned back and pulled one of the ladies behind her, to the front.
The blue eyed girl peeped at Lancelot, before sending her gaze to the floor.
"Veronica would not mind being one of your mistresses. Would you, darling?"
He watched as the girl shook her head in ecstasy, as a sign for no.
He shrugged, of course she wouldn't.
"I appreciate your kind gesture, but I'm afraid..."
"You'll have to decline? You might want to think about it first. You never found your mate, and you might never be truly satisfied by your chosen Luna, if you know what I mean. But, we faces have a way of..." She winked at him. "Pleasing our own."
Once again, Lancelot tried to politely decline.
"I am flattered by your concern, but I am afraid there is no need for that."
Isabelle feigned a sad pout and placed her hand on Veronica's shoulder, before sending her back to where her sisters stood.
"You've hurt my poor Vero's feelings. But! Not to worry, we have other beautiful maidens for you, if none matches your taste, you can pick from any two of my other daughters."
Lancelot thought he would dig his hands into the cactus plant with annoyance! Why was this female hell bent on making him take one of her own child to bed? Of course, he couldn't blame her, he knew that she did not know he had a mate, and he had already marked her which meant sexual relations with anyone that wasn't her would hurt her deeply. She did not need to know it either, he would just turn her down again. "Once again, I appreciate your generosity. But I'll be fine by myself."
He was going to look away from her, before he saw her face squeeze into a frown. However, it was disappeared so quickly that Lancelot found himself doubting it was every there. Isabelle's lips thinned into a sarcastic smile.
"You would just have to bed one of our maidens. It is tradition and you cannot leave without it."
She narrowed her eyes at him.
"No one can."
Lancelot felt himself flinch.
###CHAPTER 63: I CAN IMAGINE
Forget all he said about finding this place strange. Now, it was plainly unpleasant. Lancelot was never one to judge, but he found it incredibly appalling the way the queen shoved their p*** down his throat. He now understood why werewolves were superior above all supernatural creatures; they had discipline. A very important tool for success.
However, this was a test he had to pass, a sacrifice to the great cause. And so, he focused on the cactus plant, fighting hard to hide his irritation behind a hard jaw and bored eyes.
"I will take your offer," he replied. Isabelle's eyes brightened in an instant.
She brought her hands together to clap, while she continued to beam with smiles.
"I knew you would..."
"But not with any of your daughters," Lancelot cut in sharply, interrupting both her applause and her sentence. She stopped and stared plainly at him for a fleeting second, before lighting up her smile again, she waved a hand of dismissal while chuckling.
"Oh! That's fine. It's no problem at all. There are more than enough maidens to go around. How many would you want? Two? Three? A dozen? A..."
"Just one would be fine," he replied curtly. Even though, deep down, Lancelot wanted to scream and ask her if she was really serious.
She moved closer to him and placed both hands on his rigid and broad shoulder blades.
"Tonight, you would have the best of maidens in all of La Gomera! I can assure you..." She released his left shoulder blade from her hold and ran her soft fingers down his chest. It lingered somewhere between his b***.
Her eyes never left his. It was like a battle of wits, Isabelle was seeking subtle and tricky ways to bend him to her grasp, and he was resisting it and rendering all her efforts futile without even blinking - he was fighting internally, and he wouldn't let her see it.
"She is the best of the best."
Their staring contest lasted for another six seconds, before Isabelle tore her gaze away from him and clapped softly.
"Boy! Am I glad that's over? All the tension was making me sick."
As she went on and on, Lancelot tried to fix his mind on other things, besides the overbearing female close to him.
He took a swift sweep around the room with his eyes, until they rested on Peter standing not quite far from the Queen's daughters. He had an inquisitive look in his eyes; ones that showed he was pondering on something, thinking hard to make sense of something.
Lancelot was right, Peter was indeed trying to make sense of something: He couldn't help but wonder what Lancelot's plan was. Lancelot already had a mate, whom he had marked.
Going to bed with another female was going to cause Roxanne unbearable pain; a pain that she would not be able to explain or trace; a pain that she might probably pass out from. Then again, it was Lancelot. And Lancelot would do anything for duty. He would always be the one to pay the price, no matter what or who it costs.
Lancelot wondered where Roxanne might be, and why Peter was not with her. He cast Peter a questioning glare, but his assistant did not seem to understand what was being said.
Lancelot clenched his teeth in frustration and turned to Isabelle. If Roxanne had wandered about aimlessly again, he had to find her before she...caused any more problems or drew any form of unwanted attention to herself.
"Yes. Now that we're past that, I would really love to be shown around," Lancelot spoke, although making no effort to feign enthusiasm. He had always found it unnecessary to pretend or fake anything.
"Why, of course! Come, come." She turned her back to him, obviously either oblivious or nonchalant of the absence of enthusiasm in his voice. Lancelot had a feeling it was the latter.
"You really need to see our most important natural treasures over the years."
As she talked, Isabelle led him past all her bright and colorful flower pots, with even more colorful plants. Lancelot appeared as though he was listening to all that was being said, nodding in approvals and giving short replies like: "yes", "sure", "I see", "I can imagine." And nothing more.
Until she led him out of the palace door, down the steps of the front porch and to the side of the great fountain. Even under the dark evening sky, the water glittered with a magical sparkle. Isabelle gave him a faint history of the fountain as she led him around it, to the garden as she told him a brief history of the first flowers planted and what they signified.
However, it was the body of water surrounded by numerous colorful fireflies just ahead of them that caught Lancelot's attention. Isabelle noticed the keen look in his eyes and traced the direction of his gaze to the lake in front of them. If he thought the water from the fountain glittered, this one was made of glitters itself.
"I see you're already mesmerized by the Elixir lake," she spoke aloud, a proud and pleased smile on her face.
"The what?"
Isabelle chuckled and turned her back to him, while slowly approaching the body of water. The sound of waves could be heard, even though the water was not moving at all. It seemed to call out to everyone who stood at the edge. "The elixir lake has been a part of the kingdom of Fayes for thousands of years. Capable of so many things. Water from the elixir lake has the power to heal and kill, all depends on the thoughts and wishes of the one who uses it."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot noticed the faint angered edge in her tone at the end of her sentence. Isabelle had now gotten his full attention, he was now going to listen carefully. Whatever could irk Isabelle, had to be very important.
"It is why we've guarded this lake, and our kingdom with everything that we had. It was why we gave our lives to keeping away from the hands that wanted to take it all away from us, from the greedy HUMAN hands who wanted what was ours, and stopped at nothing to take it away from us."
With every second that passed, every word that came out of her mouth, Lancelot could see Isabelle's face faintly tighten and her bright yellow glow was slowly dying. The wind around them became fiercer, and Lancelot could tell that even Mother Nature was annoyed at the humans for what they had done to her queen.
"We took them in with open arms, just as we take everyone else in. But instead of appreciation and friendliness, we got betrayal, l***...and death. The humans set out to make war. We sought for the help of other supernatural creatures. Your grandfather, joined us in the fight. And we were finally able to salvage all that we have now. We have managed to build our land back, but what we haven't been able to build yet..." Isabelle stopped talking and turned to him. The darkness of her eyes rested on Lancelot's face. Isabelle was not angry, but her expression was far from joyous. There was now something deadly about her stare, something he did not imagine she had possessed. "Is our trust for human kind." Her glare was accusing him of something, and Lancelot knew exactly what it was - Roxanne. She was not pleased to have her here, whether as his personal assistant or anything at all. Before Lancelot could say anything, the bright yellow spark in Isabelle's eyes returned in an instant.
"Turns out we were not the only ones affected by their greed. The werewolves lost something too, something that shook them and altered the course of history. So, while we avoided the humans and kept them away from us, the werewolves on the other hand...despise them. But, I'm guessing you already know that...Alpha Lancelot Dankworth."
The accusation in her tone had reached the surface, she was doing nothing to mask it anymore.
Lancelot leered at her after she asked the question. As a matter of fact, he did not know what it was. But, he was certain it was the reason his mother was furious to have Roxanne under their roof. He was certain that it was the reason the council and even his father, who often remained calm no matter what, were thrown into turmoil at the mention of Roxanne. Yes, they hated humans, but now, he knew that there was a reason. And he was curious to know what could have warranted so much anger and hatred.
Nevertheless, Isabelle was still staring at him and Lancelot knew he had to say something.
"I can imagine."
She nodded curtly. "As can I."
There was a brief moment of silence between them, before Lancelot realized that he was alone with the Faye queen. He had expected Peter to follow him behind.
"I suppose I want to take another look at the fountain now," he said. Lancelot needed something to draw them back to the rest of the palace, where eyes could see them. He didn't trust Isabelle enough to be alone with her. There was nothing she could do to him, of course, but it never killed to be too careful. The only thing that killed, was being too careless.
She also seemed pleased with the idea.
"Certainly! I'll show you to the children's favorite spot."
She saw Lancelot's brow raise, silently asking her if she had any "children." Isabelle smiled a knowing smile.
"I am queen of Fayes. Every child in this kingdom is my child."
With that, she led him away from the lake, back to the fountain, and they walk around it, side by side. However, as they draw close to the children's section of the palace, both of them heard voices and laughter very familiar to them. Isabelle heard her brother's. And Lancelot heard Roxanne's. They both stopped, side by side when they caught sight of the two seated together.
Isabelle was the first to feel her insides curl. Alphonsus's brown eyes glowed even brighter in the dark. The sound of his laughter echoed all around them and stung her ears. There was no way Alphonsus did not know she was a human, so why did he seem so close and comfortable with her. Of the both of them, Alphonsus was the one who was more vengeful to humans after what they did to their land...and to their parents. Yet, here he was.
She took one swift glance at Lancelot, that was how she saw his fists roll into balls, by his sides. She looked back at the laughing female and something struck a chord in her brain. Whoever this lady was, the "assistant" tag Lancelot had given her did not justify the look of concern, envy and fury mixed in his eyes. There was definitely something more and it excited her. She had to find out what it was, she had to push him till he gave something up.
Lancelot did not know when he curved his fists, or when his veins popped up to the surface of his skin, threatening to pop out with force. He did not know when his eyes burned from staring at them, or when Isabelle started to try to piece things together. All he knew was that Roxanne was laughing wholeheartedly with this man, for this man. And she looked so happy, happier than she had ever looked around him in a long time.
"Alphonsus is my little brother. The one who would be taking over the kingdom after I am gone. He is a cheerful and free spirited soul, but is not fond of females at all. It appears he has taken a liking to your..." She hesitated, just for good dramatic effect.
"Assistant."
Lancelot felt himself flinch, his eyes fixed on them.
"I can imagine."
###CHAPTER 64: HIS SPECIAL ASSITANT
She threw her head back in laughter at something Alphonsus had said. His laughter roared above hers, and it felt so good to be genuinely happy in such a long time. Roxanne could really not remember the last time she felt so elated to talk to
someone.
However, it was cut short the moment she sensed a familiar and unpleasant set of eyes on her. Roxanne's laughter disappeared immediately, and she looked ahead of them.
Her lips thinned involuntarily on the sight of him. Of course! It had to be him! Who else would pop up from nowhere and steal her joy from right under her feet, turn around and act as though he had done nothing? Lancelot Dankworth! Who else didn't want to see her happy and made no attempt to hide it? Lancelot Dankworth!
It was always Lancelot Dankworth. All.The.F***.Time!
Nevertheless, she rose up from the bench and bowed to them when they stood in front of her.
"Your Grace." She turned to the bright eyed queen from earlier this evening.
"Your Highness."
Isabelle ignored her greeting and steadied her gaze on her younger brother. Who had risen from his seat to stand closely beside Roxanne. She flashed him a smile, and spoke.
"I can see you're enjoying the company of the Prince's special assistant."
Alphonsus glared at her. He recognized the dangerous smile on his sister's lips. And the words "special assistant" were not just words. There were accusations, and a resounding warning. A faint reminder of the significance of Roxanne's kind and what their reception ought to be.
Still, he ignored it all and turned to the wolf prince. The male was as tall and handsome as the gossips said he'll be. It was no wonder his sister delighted in his company, so much so that she had asked his personal assistant out of the room, to give them enough...privacy.
"Is anyone ready for dinner? Because I know I am," he said as he looked ahead of his sister and fixed his eyes on the palace building, silently dismissing his sister.
Isabelle caught the hint and decided to play along, but that was after she made a mental note to have a very in-depth and heartfelt discussion with her brother on what the f*** he was actually doing. But for now, she would smile and be a good host. And that was exactly what she did.
"I am too! Come on now, dinner must be ready." She turned to Lancelot.
"You must join us for tonight's feast, Your Highness. I made sure every member of the royal family, which just included myself, my brother and my children would be present. And we would be honored by yours."
Lancelot was going to refuse, but he felt the dire need to get to know exactly what the Queen's brother was playing at.
According to Isabelle's story, Alphonsus was supposed to avoid Roxanne at all cost, not make her laugh and feel comfortable. He didn't trust him, he didn't trust any of them.
"Of course, we would." He peeked at Roxanne as he spoke, she was staring up at Alphonsus. He could taste the bile in his stomach, on his tongue. He turned around and walked beside Isabelle while fighting the urge to turn back and look at Roxanne, just to make sure she was not staring at the Faye prince anymore.
"Miss Roxanne, I would really love to take you on a night tour around the palace," Alphonsus spoke, and Roxanne's eyes beamed at him. From the corner of her iris, she peeked at Lancelot to see if he'll turn to her, but he didn't.
So, she sounded as happy as she really was.
"It would be my pleasure, Your Grace."
She did not see Lancelot's eyes darken, or him bite his lower lip with spite. She allowed herself to bask in Alphonsus's adoration. And she also genuinely liked his name, it sounded as pleasant as he was, unlike...Lancelot. What kind of name was that anyway?
However, Lancelot was not the only one concerned by this sudden bond between the Faye prince and the human woman. Isabelle was perturbed, if not troubled. Her brother seemed genuinely pleased, and she couldn't help but wonder if he was just happy to be close to the woman, was ignorant of what she was - which wasn't possible - or scheming something in his thick head. Whatever it was, Isabelle just had to know.
Together, they walked back into the palace. Isabelle and Lancelot maintained silence, while Alphonsus threw in one or two jokes, which only Roxanne laughed at. By the time they stepped into the palace, Peter rose up from the chair he was seated in, waiting for Lancelot to return.
The look Lancelot gave to him was far from friendly. Peter recognized it as the look Lancelot had when Roxanne had wandered into the forest and interrupted the hunt, under Peter's watch. Confused, he looked behind Lancelot and saw Roxanne blushing while a strange man whom he later recognized as the Faye prince-spoke in hushed tones.
Oh, no. Once again, Roxanne had managed to draw unwanted attention to herself. And Lancelot was far from pleased.
Peter hurried and joined Lancelot by his side, as they walked to a far end of the throne room where a fancy banquet table stood. Eight chairs were arranged around the round glass table and delicious meals of all kinds, exotic desserts of cakes and pies, and expensive wine decorated the table top.
"We do hope you enjoy the traditional Spanish meal. Spanish wines aren't the best in the world for no reason. That, I can assure you."
Isabelle spoke, she turned to the maid standing by the table and flashed a smile.
"Are my daughters coming down for dinner?"
The lady bowed her head as she spoke.
"No, my queen. They had theirs some minutes ago, in their Chambers."
"Together?" Isabelle asked again, fixing her eyes on a piece of blueberry pie in one of the plates.
"Yes, my queen."
"I see."
The maid walked to her front and drew out the chair she was currently looking at.
"Well, I guess my daughters won't be joining us after all. I am terribly sorry, Your Highness." She bowed to Lancelot as she pulled out a chair and sat beside him.
She shouldn't have been sorry, there was no reason to be. If anything, Lancelot was glad they weren't going to be here. He couldn't stand Isabelle trying to set him up with one, or even all her daughters again.
Peter sat in silence and ate quietly, while his keen orbs continued to dance from Roxanne to the Faye prince and to Lancelot, who had his normal cold, aloof and very distant demeanor. There was something odd about the way the Faye prince paid attention to Roxanne. Whenever he spoke, he addressed his sentence to her and watched in adoration as she replied or acknowledged his statement. Throughout the dinner, he was quick to pass her salt, a piece of pie, a champagne flute, a bottle of wine. Whatever she asked for, or her eyes seemed to indicate interest in, Alphonsus gave it to her in a heartbeat.
Alphonsus was also the one whose voice dominated the dinner table. He spoke about the origin of all the wine brands on the table and spoke of the best way to prepare steak, before making it clear that he was, in his words, "the most vegetarian male he had ever met". Roxanne had found this funny, and chuckled.
Dinner ended in forty five minutes, and Roxanne was visibly stretched out. Frankly, so was everyone else. Well, besides the ever energetic Alphonsus.
When Roxanne's laughter started to dwindle, Alphonsus looked at her with caring eyes.
"Are you alright, Miss Harvey? You don't seem to be in the state of mind for our walk anymore."
How truly considerate, Roxanne thought. Alphonsus was not only good looking, but he was attentive, funny and kind hearted. He actually cared about the people around him, and from what she had seen, that was a rare trait to see in European men.
Her tired eyes did not seem to meet his vibrant ones in energy. She was visibly worn out, and was hoping she would be able to do what she had not done soundly since she left London; sleep soundly tonight.
"You're right Your Grace. I feel extremely exhausted." It was evident in her voice as well.
He sighed and fell into his chair.
"Perhaps we should move our tour to tomorrow morning, after you are well rested?"
Oh! Sweet baby Jesus! Yes! Yes and yes! She wanted to scream. But, the gnarl she heard was faster.
"We would be leaving first thing tomorrow morning," Lancelot gnarled, underneath his breath, but loud enough for everyone else that hear.
Her eyes narrowed at him. They had just gotten here? Why was he in a hurry to leave when she had finally found someone to keep her company?! Yes, this man was a total joy killer!
But Alphonsus would not be discouraged, he thought of another idea.
"How sad. How about you freshen up? Have a bath and brighten up before we take the walk. I would really not mind if you are not up for it, but I am really hoping you are."
He was so sweet, Roxanne thought. Alphonsus was smiling at her, with a gentleman's smile and he had a genuine looked of concern in his eyes. She turned to Lancelot, waiting for him to say something, but he didn't. What was she expecting? The man didn't give a shit about her anyway.
Alphonsus waited for thirty seconds before speaking up.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"So, I'm guessing it's a yes?"
Isabelle who had watched quietly ever since glared at Alphonsus now. It had been a joke before. But now? What was actually wrong with her brother? Although, it was undeniable fact that the human woman had a heart of gold, and a laughter as light and cheerful as the sunny sky on a bright summer morning. She was almost like them, but that did not change the fact that she wasn't. Or that Alphonsus had no business trying to spend time with her.
So, she stayed quiet and excused herself from the table. She turned to Lancelot and gave him a curt nod, sent a glare to her brother's direction before breaking out in a smile and telling everyone goodnight.
Alphonsus followed next, stepping away from them to the direction of the palace door, and Roxanne changed her mind, decided she would take the walk first, and followed him behind.
Leaving Peter and Lancelot on the dining table, watching them walk beside each other and laugh in hushed tones.
Peter seized his gaze from them, and turned to Lancelot. He was still looking at them, and even when they stepped out of the palace, his eyes were still on their trail.
"Wait here and make sure she doesn't last up to an hour outside."
"Sir, I..."
Lancelot shot him a glare, and Peter gulped his saliva hard, falling into silence.
"Once she is back, tell her to make tea for me and bring it to my room."
Peter did not want to do that. He did not want Lancelot to toy with Roxanne again. He had been silently watching the both of them. It was true that Lancelot cared about Roxanne, but he had a strange way of showing it, which hurt her all the time. Peter was loyal to his boss, but the man needed to get his head straight.
"Another maid can serve you tea, Your Grace. She won't be back in at least an hour, and..."
"I want Roxanne to serve me my tea," Lancelot snapped.
"Whatever time she returns, she has to report to me first before anything else," Lancelot spoke as he rose up from his seat.
"Make sure you tell her that, when she returns."
Peter watched his boss walk away, a maiden hurried towards him and muttered something within the lines of "the queen has asked me to show you to your room."
But with the look on the maiden's face, and her s*** dressing, Peter knew exactly what the queen had sent her to do. Lancelot spared her only but one glance, before allowing her lead him away.
Peter feared for his boss, but he feared for Roxanne the more. He only wished she knew what she had gotten herself into.
###CHAPTER 65: WOULD YOU STAY WITH ME?
"The queen has asked me to show you to your chambers, Your Grace."
The voice and manner of speech were s***. Lancelot paused his stance and his raging thoughts to take one swift look at her, before he turned his face away and urged her forward. The female beamed with smiles and walked ahead of him, extremely pleased that he had not refused her. Lancelot walked behind her. Up a flight of stairs, to a bright colorful corridor, and then to the first room by the right.
When she opened the room, the scent of fresh incense and scented candles hit his nose with brute force that caused him to sneeze gently. The lady turned to him, before spreading the door open in front of him. "Welcome to the beauty of La Gomera, Your Grace," she said as she took one step into the room first, and bowed to him, stretching her right hand to the direction of the bed; a gesture that was meant to usher him in.
Lancelot's eyes danced around the room. He had no doubt they had prepared it for him. The king-sized bed dressed in all white was built on top of a large circular brick structure. On the circular block were small stairs leading to the top of the bed. To the right was a huge wardrobe, and a very large window that offered exquisite view of the outside world.
Isabelle really knew how to treat her guests to the finest of rooms, Lancelot thought. For the second time since he entered into this palace, he was pleased.
The maiden closed the door behind him, and pressed herself on it, before smiling very s***.
Lancelot moved to where the bed stood, climbed up the steps and settled down into the edge of the bed. He rose his eyes from the ground, to meet the maiden. She had taken a s*** pose with her hips bent to the side, her chest out and her hands crossed above her head, as if beckoning on him to pin her to the door and have his way with her.
Lancelot had something in mind for the beautiful girl though.
He took one swift glance at her body, pushed himself forward and placed his elbows on the thighs.
"Come."
Her black eyes roamed his face as she took slow steps forward. Catwalking and swaying her hips to the left, and to the right. She was calculating each step, doing her best to build hunger and anticipation in him.
She didn't stop until she was standing in front of him, just below the four steps that led to the surface of his bed.
"I am here, for you to do with as you please," her voice came out as a low and s*** sigh. Before she bowed her head slowly, and flung it up again to lock eyes with him.
She was trying to elude a submissive aura, while still telling him that she could be as wild as he wanted her to be.
As tempting as she was, Lancelot still saw being with her as a chore, an unbearable test that he would just have to pass through and he couldn't wait to be done with it.
He leaned into his bed once more, allowing her to catch a glimpse of his bare chest from the loosened buttons on his shirt, and the broadness of his shoulder blades. There was a hungry look in the maiden's eyes. She was obviously looking forward to having him, more than he was to having her.
"What would you want me to do, Your Grace?"
'I would like you to leave.' He wanted to say, but he knew he couldn't. Instead, he threw his head back once more and muttered underneath his breath.
"Do what you want."
Roxanne was shocked to see Peter standing at the foot of the palace door when she and Alphonsus made their way back into the palace. He was saying a joke about how he thought dandelions were crafted from the mane of lions because of the "lion" suffix in them. And, for some reason, Roxanne found it genuinely amusing.
When she stood in front of him, Peter looked down at her, before roaming over to Alphonsus.
"Is everything alright?" Alphonsus asked, but his question was not directed at Peter, it was for Roxanne.
She smiled sweetly and nodded.
"Yes, everything is fine. I want the thank you for the tour, Your Grace. I really enjoyed myself."
Alphonsus was satisfied by her smile. He had seen it a thousand times this night, but had still not gotten tired of it.
"I'm glad you are. I'm guessing it's goodnight then?"
Roxanne blushed lightly.
"Indeed, it is."
On that note, he held on to Roxanne's right hand, rose it up to his face and placed a soft kiss on her knuckles.
"Goodnight, Miss Harvey."
"Do have a good rest, Your Grace."
Alphonsus gave her a smile that said "I definitely would" before looking away from her and gave Peter a curt nod-one Peter reluctantly returned. When Alphonsus was out of their sight, Peter turned to Roxanne. "I can see you're having fun."
"Does that bother you?" she asked, winking playfully. But Peter was far past the mood to play. He looked over her, from head to toe, before clearing his throat and speaking.
"Sir Lancelot has asked you to prepare his cinnamon tea and send it to his room."
Roxanne fought back the urge to roll her eyes. Cinnamon tea? Really? Was that the only trick Lancelot had in his sleeve? Instead, she nodded, her face now devoid of any form of smile and stood straight. "Where is his room?"
"You should ask the maidens at the top of the stairs, they'll know where he is."
Roxanne nodded.
She was about to walk past him when Peter called her back.
"Miss Harvey."
She stopped on her tracks and focused on him with keen eyes.
"Be careful," he said aloud, with a genuinely concerned look on his face.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne thought that he was talking about Alphonsus and this palace, but in reality, he was telling her to be careful of Lancelot. He knew she liked him, and Lancelot felt something for her, but as long as Lancelot could not bring himself to confront his feelings and act on them, he would continue to hurt Roxanne.
And she did not deserve it, at least, not to Peter.
Roxanne's cheeks puffed up and her lips widened in a smile.
"I will. Thanks Peter."
He simply nodded and watched her walk away from him.
As she entered into the palace, Roxanne found a maiden and asked her for directions to the kitchen. After being led there, she requested for cinnamon tea, boiling water and sugar. When she had gotten all of it, she mixed his tea and asked to be shown to Lancelot's room.
The maidens looked at her in a way that she could not explain. It was almost as if they were warning her not to go to the room, but Roxanne did not know what to make of it. She simply wanted to serve Lancelot his tea and go to bed. With that resolve, she held the two sides of the tray where his tea sat and walked up the stairs.
"The first door to the right," they had said, and she could already see it.
As she walked slowly, she forced herself to take deep breaths in and out, she would need a lot of strength to see him again; mostly mental strength.
When she stood in front of his door, she closed her eyes shut and counted to ten, while praying and telling herself that she would drop his tea for him and leave. She would not say anything, and she would only answer questions in a dismissing tone. It was high time she began to look after herself.
With these thoughts, balanced the tray on the palm of her right hand and stretched her left to knock on the door.
However, the door opened right in front of her instead. Roxanne staggered back in shock, she wasn't ready to come face to face with him yet, she needed to breathe properly once more, she needed to...
She stopped panicking when she realized Lancelot wasn't the one at the foot of the door. Instead, it was the face of a blushing female, one who was too busy arranging her b*** so it fit into the cleavage part of her dress properly, to acknowledge Roxanne with even a smile.
Roxanne stood there, stupefied. A dull ache in her chest, accompanied by a crushing sensation in her stomach and chest as well. The face of the lady was the face of a woman who had just had three o*** rounds of sex, and she was walking, out...of... Lancelot's...room.
She did not know she had stood in front of the door for more than five minutes, until she heard another door close from a distance.
Roxanne bit her lips to stop them from quivering. So, there was really nothing between them after all, because if there was, he wouldn't have...
She gulped her saliva and shook her head violently. There was no need to ruin her mood because of Lancelot, not after how sweetly Alphonsus had treated her. She would not bother herself with Lancelot's nonsense, not tonight. Roxanne steadied herself and straightened her composure before pushing the slightly opened door gently. She took two steps into the room in silence, the tray firmly clutched in her hands to prevent it from falling to the floor. The first thing her eyes caught sight of was the high bed, set in a very romantic way. Her eyes darkened. That was the bed he had laid with the maiden, a mere palace... Wait, why did she even care? No. She would not think about it anymore. Lancelot wasn't her concern, and he could do whatever the hell it was that he wanted to do.
She turned her eyes to the window and found Lancelot standing there, shirtless and with nothing but his grey suit pants on. Roxanne could not bring herself to admire him tonight, she frowned, walked straight and placed the tea on a stool beside his bed.
He turned to her after hearing the sound of the tray against the glass stool. Roxanne rose her head up to meet his keen eyes.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "You're to be asleep now, Your Grace."
Lancelot leaned away from the window and stood straight.
"I have not been able to bring myself to sleep." With his hands in his pockets, he took four steps towards her, and suddenly stopped. It was only when he stopped that Roxanne realized she had been holding her breath ever since, she relaxed herself and kept her eyes on him.
"Perhaps if you stayed with me, I would be able to."
Standing there, her brows rose in astonishment. Not only had he gone to bed with someone else, but now, he was standing in front of her and suggesting she warmed his bed too?! This! This had to be the height of it. This man had no respect for her whatsoever, and this would be the last time she'll let him...
She stopped thinking when Lancelot took seven more quick steps, covering the distance between them. He looked down into her eyes, boring holes into them as if searching her eyes for her deepest secrets, for her weaknesses. Roxanne wanted more than anything to bid him goodnight, turn around and leave, never to return. She tried to take one step backwards, but found it impossible to raise her legs up. His stare had melted her and turned her bones into jelly. There was something like desire in his eyes, but he couldn't desire her. Not after just getting out of bed with another woman.
"Would you stay with me..." he said. His voice sounded like silk against her ears as he lowered his lips down to her neck. Her lips parted to gasp for air.
He was so close, she could drink in his scent, and feel the erect hairs on his bare skin. Slowly, he leaned into her neck and his left hand cupped the back of her neck, pulling her closer to him. Her hormones were spiraling out of control, and she was trying to keep all her thoughts in check.
She couldn't let him do this to her, not again.
"Miss Harvey?" When he spoke, the left side of her neck burned and itched, like a hot iron rod was being pierced unto her skin to draw a permanent tattoo, or mark her.
Roxanne stood quiet, and shut her eyes firmly as he traced slow kisses up to the back of her right ear, and down to her shoulders.
She felt helpless against his touch, hopeless against his s*** aura, she was no match for the hold that he had on her. Until the horrific image of the girl leaving his room flashed through her mind again.
Her eyes flung open and she let out a long and deep breath.
"No," she gasped. It was as a result of the image in her head, but Lancelot saw it as her answer.
He stopped immediately, pulled himself away from her and stood straight. He looked at her with his head slightly tilted to the left and his left brow corked up in query and disbelief.
Suddenly, she found the strength she needed to walk away from him. She would not let him have his way tonight and act as though she was nothing tomorrow. That madness, just had to stop.
"No," she said again, just in case he had to heard it clearly before. Lancelot stared back at her, his eyes laddered with disbelief.
Roxanne did not wait to see anything else. She turned on her heels and dashed out of his room, her heart pounding against her chest and her lower lip trapped in between her teeth. She would not cry, she would not regret her decision. It was all for the best, she finally said to herself, b*** his door behind her.
###CHAPTER 66: HIS MOTHER'S IDEA
Once again, sleeping had become an impossibility for Roxanne. Within her, she could not wait to be done with this journey and her job in total. Meanwhile, she continued to toss and turn in her bed, restless from the thought of how far his lips would have gone around her body, at the same time, furious about his audacity.
No matter how much she tried to stay away from him, he had always ended up pulling her closer to himself, and dumping her without even saying a word. Yes, silent rejection was more hurtful than verbal one; at least for her. Finally, he would come to understand that she was not a joke. Roxanne was a real woman, with feelings; and he always played with them. But, she would not give him that power anymore. Whatever hold he had on her, had to be severed, and as soon as possible.
Alas, after six hours of turning in her sleep, Roxanne was awakened by the sound of a knock on her door. Once again, she pulled herself up with a frustrated g***, digging her fingers into her thick brown mass of hair.
She rose up reluctantly, and dragged her feet to her door.
Gently, Roxanne scrubbed both her eyes with the back of her palms and opened her eyes slowly. When her eyes were fully opened, she took one swift sweep over the lady standing in front of her door. The maid hand's were stretched out towards Roxanne. And in them, Roxanne could see a white envelope.
"A message from the queen," the maid stated, after seeing Roxanne's confused gaze, extending an envelope to her.
Curious, Roxanne tore the envelope open and drew out a white piece of paper from it, neatly folded. She stole a quick and scrutinizing look to the maid one last time, before unwrapping the paper to reveal its content to her curious eyes. "You have been invited to the royal table for breakfast, Miss Harvey," Roxanne read aloud. She was still confused when the maid spoke up.
"The queen insisted the prince had breakfast with her household before leaving. So, you have been invited."
Roxanne sighed with relief and folded the paper, tucking it safely under her arms.
"Thank you, I would get ready and come downstairs immediately."
"Breakfast is in twenty minutes."
She fought back the urge to roll her eyes and slam the door at the maid's face.
However, she did nothing of that sort.
Roxanne simply cast the maid a polite nod, and waited till she had her back to the door before closing it. After that, she quickly had her bath, threw on a white silk suit, black heels, no makeup and wrapped her hair in a loose bun above her head.
She got her things ready and rushed downstairs.
From a small distance, Roxanne could see Lancelot seated between the queen and one lady who Roxanne figured was her daughter from the resemblance between them—and Peter sitting by his side, eyes firmly fixed on the plate of sandwich in front of him.
Quietly, she continued to walk to the table until the sound of the wheels of her box rolling on the floor could be heard. Lancelot was the first to look up at her. Their gazes locked for merely three seconds before she frowned and turned away from him.
Luckily, the next person she set her eyes on, was a beaming Alphonsus. A man who was happy to see her, and who she was happy to see.
"Miss Harvey," he said aloud, rising from his chair. His chivalrous gesture caused every eye who had previously ignored her, to look up at her.
"Your Grace," she replied, chuckling nervously. Alphonsus moved away from his chair and was slowly approaching her, but Roxanne didn't want that. His call had drawn enough attention to her already, she honestly wasn't looking for more. "Your Grace, don't you worry, I can..."
"Nonsense!" Alphonsus cut in, waving his right hand and dismissed her sentence with a charming smile on his face.
She stood there, with shaky limbs as Alphonsus moved to her, and planted courtesy kisses on both her cheeks, before drawing her luggage to the side of a pillar. As Roxanne's eyes followed him, she noted the presence of Peter's and Lancelot's luggage.
"You can come join us now, dear." It was the Queen's time to speak. Even though her words were friendly, her tone and the sarcastic smile on her face screamed otherwise.
She bowed and said her greetings to the queen, the three princesses, Lancelot and Peter, before settling into the seat between Alphonsus and Peter.
From the corner of her eye, Roxanne noticed Peter send her a keen stare, she ignored it and began to munch on her breakfast, while doing her best to keep her eyes off Lancelot.
Their eyes met twice. And on those two occasions, Roxanne noticed the heavy bags under his icy blue stare. His tired and disheveled look told her that she was not the only one who had a bad night. It pleased her, just a little bit. Meanwhile, he was offhandedly answering questions the queen threw at him and Roxanne tried her best to filter his voice from her ears. When she reached out for the butter jar, Peter stopped her by taking it first. Roxanne turned to him, and silently requested for the butter. His eyes danced over her face, before sliding it to the front of her plate, while still looking at her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Finally, he spoke.
"Are you alright?"
Roxanne scoffed, with a smile.
"I should be asking you that. You're the one who's being super creepy this morning."
It was supposed to be a joke, but Peter was far from laughing. So, Roxanne's giggle disappeared and she looked away from him.
"I'm alright, just had a rough night," she said again.
"Did something happen?"
This time, Roxanne leered at him, and he turned away when he saw the confusion in her eyes. "You said you had a bad night, I was just worried," Peter continued, without looking at her. "I'm fine."
And she said nothing again. She only turned to Alphonsus and watched him talk, as he always loved to.
Peter looked away from her and turned to Lancelot. From the looks of it, he was physically there, but his mind wasn't. Peter was confused. If Lancelot really slept with the maiden, Roxanne was supposed to be in so much pain. And if he didn't, the Faye queen would not let them leave. So, what was really happening? But Lancelot was quiet.
He could barely get any sleep after Roxanne blatantly refused him. And now, it was clear she was ignoring him. He stayed quiet to hear Alphonsus talk and Roxanne's laughter fill the room. Lancelot continued to chew quietly, while thinking of ways to shut the prince's mouth for good. He was very certain Alphonsus was the reason Roxanne was ignoring him.
After breakfast, Lancelot saluted the queen and her family for their hospitality, before the guards helped them roll their luggage to the car waiting for them. As they stood outside, Alphonsus finally left Roxanne's side and walked over to Lancelot. The Faye queen and her daughters bade them farewell at the door of their palace.
"Prince Lancelot," he called out.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
With a frown, Lancelot turned away from Peter and looked at Alphonsus. Now that the prince was standing in front of him, he was more irritated than he had been before. What more did he want?
"It was very nice having you here," Alphonsus called out, extending his hand for a handshake. Lancelot reluctantly took it, but his expression didn't soften.
"The pleasure is all mine."
"I would be coming to your coronation as a representative for my people. It would be an honor to be in Miss Harvey's presence one last time." As he spoke, he flashed Roxanne a smile. Lancelot peeped at her long enough to see her blush. His jaw hardened before he returned his focus to the Faye prince.
"Of course."
"Very well then, it is time I bid you goodbye."
"Indeed, it is," Lancelot snapped.
Alphonsus embraced Roxanne one last time before they entered into the Mercedes car and drove off.
The drive to the airport was silent, and so was their flight. After they got down, they were welcomed by Lancelot's driver and car, which they entered and rode all the way to the palace. Peter was more than glad.
Alas, they were home, he thought. And the drama of the past four days would be put behind them.
The car came to a stop by the side of the fountain in the middle of the palace compound. Two guards opened the door for them, and saluted Lancelot after he stepped out. Lancelot couldn't say he was happy to be back home, not that he was ever happy about anything. Still, it was a pleasant feeling to be back to where he belonged.
Lancelot had not known what to expect on his return, but the first thing he saw left him standing at a spot with a stunned gaze.
His parents and the rest of his family, stood in the midst of elders of his council. They all broke into a round of applause after seeing him. Cheering aloud with smiles on their faces.
When Lancelot saw Madeline hurry over to him with a proud smile on her face, he could only tell one thing; this was all his mother's idea...
###CHAPTER 67: CLEAN THIS UP!
Lancelot felt himself shriek when Madeline placed her hands on both his shoulders and tiptoed to plant kisses on his cheeks, and even on his forehead. What was all this sudden show of motherly love?
"We heard everything about your journey Lancelot! I am so proud of you my son, so proud of you!"
Of course, there had to be something attached to it. His mother had never been one to just shower love on him without condition. Hell! This wasn't even really love. She was just satisfied by the results he had given her, and now, she was acting with all the dopamine in her head.
Madeline locked her left arm with Lancelot's right arm and led him to the rest of the waiting party. Roxanne and Peter followed him behind, equally in awe of their reception.
"Believe me son, I wanted to make a bigger deal out of your return, but your father insisted that I do not close down the streets of London!"
By the goddess! This was the happiest Lancelot had seen his mother be in a long time. He tried to find some atom of glee in him, something to push him to celebrate with the rest of his family.
"I can imagine," he muttered, but Madeline laughed. Finally, they stood before the rest of waiting party. Lancelot took a swift glance around and noticed the presence of notable elders, Ava, Aunt Eloise, Lady Marion and even Lady Hermione and her children, both his brothers were present, but only Arthur had a smile on his face.
Edward moved to his son and tapped his shoulders with both hands. On his face, was the smile of a father in awe and proud of all his son's accomplishments. Indeed, he was. Lancelot had been informed of the journey on short notice, still, somehow managed to perform a miracle of getting through the three tasks so easily. Their twelve years of hard work was finally paying off.
"I'm proud of you boy," Edward spoke up, his tone laddered with joy. Madeline gripped Lancelot's arm harder and smiled.
"Indeed, we are both proud of you Lancelot," she spoke, releasing him and stepping to her husband's side. It was then she was able to catch a glimpse of Roxanne's smiling face beside Peter. The both of them stood behind Lancelot, awaiting further instructions.
Madeline narrowed her eyes at her, a subconscious frown formed on her face. Lancelot had returned from his task victorious, now, the only thing standing between him and everything they had all worked so hard for, was this woman. And
Madeline was ready to do whatever it took to take her out of the equation. Her son did not struggle for twelve years of his life to have one woman step into it and ruin everything.
Reluctantly, she tore her eyes away from Roxanne and turned back. Her eyes fell on Ava's bright eyes. When they met, Madeline urged her to come forward by blinking twice and tilting her head to Lancelot's frame.
Immediately, Ava picked up the signal and stepped forward to meet Lancelot. She was dressed in a beautiful red dress, after Madeline had told her red was her son's favorite color, with both her hair and makeup done to perfection. Right now, she was an outstanding beauty.
"Your Grace!" Her high pitched voice seemed overly excited to see him. Lancelot's blue eyes watched as she prostrated before him. After that, she stood up and placed kisses on both his cheeks.
"I am so glad to have you back, Your Grace! We have terribly missed you." As she spoke, she glanced over his shoulder and met Roxanne's brown and cold orbs. Ava smiled wryly and held on to Lancelot's arm.
Everyone seemed to gush at the sight of seeing them together. Madeline was determined to take advantage of the situation.
"Now, now, Ava, I know you're very happy to see him, but, you have to let him go for now. We all need to see his face when we make the big announcement."
Lancelot's brow squinted at his mother's evil smile. Ava chuckled and slipped out of his arm, taking her stand beside his mother.
His eyes moved from his parents to everyone else in the room, and he noticed they all had the same enthusiastic and yet, evil grins.
"What big announcement mother?"
"Impatient, isn't he?" Madeline asked, looking to the crowd behind her, everyone laughed in unison. She turned back to Lancelot's suspicious face.
"Well, beneath these doors..." She paused for a moment, an effect that was intended to build anticipation from everyone around her.
"...is a big feast to celebrate your return!" she finally screamed, throwing her hands in the air at the end of the sentence. Once again, cheers and loud applauds erupted from around him. Lancelot stared blankly at them, even though he knew his mother would not notice his indifference. Even if she did, she would ignore it and have her way.
"Come on in! We must drink and be merry!"
"We certainly must!" one of the elders called out, everyone was in high spirits. Everyone except the one the celebration was meant for.
As everyone else hurried inside, laughing and cheering out loud, Lancelot stood still and turned to Peter. When his assistant stepped forward to meet him, he leaned into Peter's ears.
Peter looked up at his boss, his brow arched and his lips thinned in confusion.
"Is everything alright sir?"
"I need you to do something for me," Lancelot spoke up.
Peter nodded.
"Whatever you need."
Lancelot sighed and looked ahead, then looked swiftly over his shoulder. When he saw that Roxanne's attention was focused on a guard drawing their luggage behind them, he saw it as a good moment to speak. "When we go in, you must make sure that Roxanne is not present at the gathering today."
Peter opened his mouth to protest, but Lancelot was faster.
"You have to understand. The elders of the council are here. I managed to pacify them the last time, I do not want all of that to go up in smoke. Make sure she stays faraway from wherever many are gathered."
Peter nodded in understanding. Truly, he understood the need of keeping Roxanne away from the royal cabinet. The trouble her presence had caused the last time was grave, they could not afford another scandal at this point. So, he was ready to obey Lancelot's orders without question.
"Yes sir, I would do as you've said."
After his salute, Peter watched Lancelot walk away from him, heading towards the door of the palace. He sighed, with worry. Deep down, he feared for Roxanne and wished more than anything, that Lancelot would finally tell her the truth, and the real reason she was here.
"Let's go join the party!" Roxanne's voice called out, barely inches behind him. Peter snapped out of his range of thoughts and turned swiftly towards her. Speak of the devil, and she gracefully appears, Peter thought. He tried to make his stance and expression as believable as possible, before clearing his throat. "We are not allowed into the party."
Disappointment replaced the enthusiasm in Roxanne's eyes. Thirty minutes ago, she only wanted to lie on her bed and force herself to sleep. But now, after the announcement of a feast, she had thought "there was no harm in feasting on food before resting, was there?" After answering herself affirmatively, she decided to join the feast, grab one or two meals before leaving for her room.
Peter's new reveal did hurt, but it only meant she would have to rush to her room and get some sleep.
"If you say so. I'll just go up to my room then," she replied, a gloomy expression on her face.
Peter sighed. He hated to lie to her, but he had to, it was for her own safety.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Do make sure you remain in there and do not come out unless you're summoned."
Roxanne's brows furrowed at him. There was something suspicious about his demands, but Roxanne could not place a hand on it. So, she stayed quiet and nodded. After all, she needed the rest. Her bones were aching, and her eyes stung from lack of sleep.
Together, they walked into the palace. A crowd of royalties were present in the corridor, chatting and laughing. Peter left Roxanne's side and moved into the crowd, saying he had to find Lancelot and urging Roxanne to go on. She watched him until he disappeared into the crowd, before taking three steps up the stairs, but a harsh female voice stopped her.
"You there!"
Roxanne flinched, her grip on the staircase rail tightened. She knew this voice too well to be pleased to hear it. Roxanne turned on her heels slowly, until she came face-to-face with Madeline's spiteful glare.
"Where are you going?"
"Your majesty, I..."
"Never mind," she brushed her off, rudely.
"There is so much work to be done in the kitchen, do join the kitchen maids there," she spat out, eyeing Roxanne from head to toe.
Roxanne stood there, stupefied. Last she checked, she was Lancelot's assistant, not a kitchen maid. And she was very sure the queen knew this. However, she could not protest, all she could do was obey her. This was Madeline's kingdom after
all.
So, she bowed and forced a polite smile.
"Of course, my queen."
When she rose her head up, she saw Madeline stick her nose in the air and turn her back towards her. Roxanne tried to tell herself there was nothing in joining the maids in the kitchen. Besides, it was just kitchen work, she would be done in no time.
Or so she thought.
She climbed up the stairs and headed towards the kitchen.
As she walked to the kitchen, she noticed how all the servants who walked past her would stare at her in disdain, scoff and turn their noses away from her. They all looked upon her as though she were a walking abomination. And she could not help but wonder why.
Finally, she arrived at the door of the kitchen. She was greeted by the overwhelming traffic activities, and the aroma of different meals, ranging from fried turkey to baked chicken and roasted pork filled her nose. She closed her eyes and allowed herself savor the scent.
Immediately she opened it, two maids, dressed in their usual apron brushed past her rudely with trays in their hands.
"Be gone."
"Get out of the way."
They both roared before walking past her. Roxanne stood there, mouth ajar. She was not shocked by their rudeness, but it still managed to keep her glued to the floor. She said nothing, she was unable to say anything at all. All she could do was look at them walk away from her, while hoping they would turn back and mutter apologies.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Are you just going to stand there? Or would you put on an apron and start work?"
For the second time today, Roxanne felt her stomach knot in slight fear. She could not recognize this voice, but she could tell the owner was far from happy to see her.
Slowly, unsure of what to do, she turned her head to the direction of the speaker. Her eyes landed on a tall woman. The lady stood, approximately six feet tall, with thick arms and legs. The woman's round eyes stared down at her with a scowl spread across her lips. Her face was far from friendly, and it caused Roxanne to shudder. If she thought the Queen's gaze was hostile, this woman's gaze was worse.
On her white apron, was a golden name tag. Roxanne read through it.
"Marilyn."
"That's my name. And I'm in charge of this kitchen, now..." She rose her hand and dumped the white apron she was holding on Roxanne's head.
"Put this on and follow me."
Roxanne bit her upper lip in annoyance. Why was everyone being extremely rude to her? She had been yearning to return here, but now that she was here, she just wanted to leave.
She pulled the apron down from her head and spread it wide, so she could put it on.
"Fast!" Marilyn bellowed above her, causing Roxanne to jolt.
Roxanne hurriedly put it on. The faster she did as instructed, the faster she was out of here. This woman was definitely out for her head.
Roxanne tied the rope behind her back and the woman's scrutinizing gaze swept over her once more. Saying nothing, she turned her back to Roxanne and began to walk.
Roxanne followed her behind. As she walked past alleys of gas cookers, kitchen cabinets and tall fridges, she could still sense all eyes on her, and hear the maids whisper in hushed tones, while she could still sense the spite in them. She stayed silent and watched closely, while she walked behind the head maid.
When the lady stopped, Roxanne stopped as well, still confused as to what she was to do.
Suddenly, the head maid shifted and took two steps backwards, now standing behind Roxanne.
In front of her, was a sink occupied with three tall heaps of dirty plates, pots, bowls, and other kitchen utensils. Inside the sink was filled with more dirty plates and dirty water contaminated with bits of rice, bones, and grease.
Roxanne's eyes widened, her face turned pale as she stared, stupefied at the mess.
Was she really expected to..?
"Clean this up," Marilyn snapped, towering above her.
Roxanne risked a glance at the woman, before returning her eyes to the plates.
Did she say she would be out of here soon? Well, that was a lie. From the looks of it, she would be here for a very long time.
###CHAPTER 68: GLOVE PRINCESS
"I would hurry up and get those out of there if I were you. But if you want to spend all day here, then be my guest." The huge woman thundered above a dumbstruck Roxanne, who was still trying to make sense of it all, in her head. She blinked twice, trying to ask herself how it came to this. How did she go from having everything she had ever wanted, to slaving away in someone's kitchen? Life had really done a number on her. But, this was one hurdle that she had to cross. She had crossed so many before and had come out victorious, therefore, some stale plates and contaminated water in the kitchen sink was not going to break her. Not at all.
With that thought, Roxanne swallowed hard. She took one long and pitiful glance at her white suit, knowing very well that this might be the last day she would ever get to use it, before heaving a sigh, while mentally bidding the dress farewell. She looked up at Marilyn and managed a forced smile.
"Can I get gloves?" she asked, trying her best to be as polite and as civil as she could. Even though no one here had bothered to be any of those, to her.
She could hear murmurs and short mocking laughter from all around her. Even Marilyn stared down at her with an amused and irked look on her face.
"Hear that girls?" Marilyn called out, her voice was unusually deep for that of a lady, but it was one of the things that caused the maids to fear and respect her.
"Our golden lady here needs a glove!" She said it as though it was something funny, and all the maids in the kitchen laughed. Even the ones who had just come in to get another round of drinks.
Roxanne continued to stare at all of them. She had only asked for rubber gloves to get the dishes washed, why did they act like she had done something really stupid? Or amusing?
As the girls laughed, two maids walked up to the sink and dumped another series of dirty plates. Before they brushed past her, they looked down on her, as though she were equal to the dirty dishes in the sink - nothing but filth.
Her lips began to quiver; a slow effect from all the tears she was holding back. She had tried to convince herself that she was strong enough to deal with all the hate she was getting, but the truth was that, she wasn't. No amount of betrayal she had suffered back in America had prepared her for this moment; the moment the eyes of people would reduce her to nothing.
She was about to let it all out, scream at the top of her voice, curse this woman, and all the girls around her who were hating on her for no reason, storm out of this kitchen, pick up her passport and head straight to the airport, back to her home. But, the male voice at the door of the large kitchen stopped her.
"Hello ladies."
All eyes in the room turned to the slim man standing by the door. Clad in a black suit and an equally black shade of tie, was Peter. Roxanne blinked thrice, fighting her tears back into her eyes. Peter was here now, he was going to make everything alright.
Or, so she thought.
Marilyn tore her stern eyes away from Roxanne and rested it on Peter as she walked to the door.
"Is there a problem, Sir Peter?"
Peter adjusted the cuffs of his sleeves, cleared his throat and stood tall. Marilyn's size and stance was intimidating, even for men like him.
"I need to speak with Miss Roxanne."
Marilyn frowned, folding her arms across her chest.
"I do not know who that is."
Peter fought the urge to roll his eyes, and only let out a breathless sigh, looking over her.
"The lady in the white suit," he spat out.
The lady's scowl seemed to deepen.
"She's busy," she spat.
"I just need five minutes."
Marilyn eyed him in scrutiny, before turning her head towards the kitchen.
"Hey! Glove princess."
At the mention of that name, the maidens broke into mocking and wicked laughers once more. They sounded like screeching tires in Roxanne's ears, and she battled the urge to press her palms against her ears. She knew Marilyn was referring to her, there was no use denying it. So, she walked briskly, past rows of laughing and taunting maidens all dressed in black dresses and white aprons. Roxanne did not stop until she was standing in front of Peter's calm and friendly face.
Then, she looked around her to make sure no one was eaves dropping, before crying out.
"Peter!" Her eyes were filled with relief on seeing him.
"I'm so glad you're here! These people, they were..."
"I am very sorry Roxanne. You might just have to remain here until the ceremony is over."
Roxanne wanted to laugh out loud and pinch his chest playfully, before telling him not to play with her in such a way again. Peter had to be joking. But, there was nothing in his expression, or his stance to tell her she was being pranked. She shook her head and took two steps backwards. The desperation in her eyes turned to hurt, severe hurt.
"The Queen's orders. Believe me Roxanne, it is just for a while. The atmosphere is ceremonious so a lot of things would be happening and they would really need extra hands. I assure you, once Sir Lancelot is crowned, all of this would seize to happen, I promise."
Peter's words fell on doubtful ears. Roxanne could not believe Peter was telling her to endure all of this.
"Relax Roxanne, it's just kitchen work," she said to herself, over and over, whole taking deep breaths in and out to calm her anxiety and steady her temper.
"Roxanne..." Peter called out, but Roxanne couldn't endure another word from him. So, she feigned a smile and cut his sentence short. "It's okay Peter, I understand."
Peter seemed to be a bit relieved, even though he knew that the smile on her face was fake. He only hoped that she indeed understood.
"Very well then, I would come take you back to your room when everything is over. Until then, you must not leave."
Instructions, instructions, and more instructions. Roxanne was growing tired of being bounced like a f*** tennis ball!
She was about to say something when Marilyn's voice thundered behind them.
"Five minutes is over Sir Peter! She has to return to work."
Roxanne rolled her eyes so hard her sockets hurt, while Peter looked at her with pity and concern.
"I must leave now," he said, turning his back to her without so much as a second glance. Roxanne did not stop him, she watched him walk away and desert her, the same way almost everyone in her life had done.
Finally, she turned her back to the kitchen, ready to face her hell with a bold face and chin up. She walked straight towards the plate, ignoring Marilyn's bants, and turned deaf ears to the side remarks of the other maids. Roxanne stood in front of the sink and closed her eyes shortly, before dipping her hands into the grease filled sink to drain it of all the dirty water. Her fingers found the drainage hole and she began to push the grains of rice and chunks of bone away from it, allowing the water to sieve through.
Roxanne held her breath and continued with her work, until something sharp pricked gently slashed the tip of her index finger.
Immediately, she squealed in pain and flung her hands out of the water. In attempt to do so, she accidentally slapped down two ceramic plates from the sink and sent them crashing into pieces on the floor.
An eerie silence fell upon the kitchen immediately. Roxanne did not hear anything apart from the loud footsteps of Marilyn, stomping towards her. Her eyes glance at the pieces of expensive and fine looking ceramics on the floor, before it moves to her bleeding finger. In that moment, she is confused of which to attend to first; the royal plates, or her bleeding finger.
Marilyn arrives in front of her just in time for that question to be answered. The woman pushes Roxanne by the shoulders and sends her back to the wall. Roxanne winced in pain, and gripped her injured finger with the free fingers of her other hand.
Marilyn stood in front of her, fuming with rage and disgust. Her round and wide eyes were even wider now, and her nostrils seemed to have expanded.
"Silly girl! Do you have any idea what you've done?!" she thundered, and Roxanne pressed her back against the wall.
"I'm so sorry..."
"Would your apologies account for these wares?! What am I supposed to tell the queen?!"
But, there were just two ceramic plates, she thought. The royal family had more than enough of them, why would two matter to the queen so much? They wouldn't, Roxanne answered herself. The head maid was just choosing to be cruel to her.
"You would fix this mess as soon as possible! Pick it up now!" she thundered once more.
Roxanne looked around for a brush and dirt packer, and Marilyn seemed to sense this. "With your bare hands," she snapped.
Roxanne stared at her in disbelief.
"I am injured," she begged, her voice shaky with tears she wouldn't let out. She was losing so much blood, and no one was paying attention to her. "Pick. Them. Up."
Roxanne did not protest anymore. She lowered herself to the floor and picked up the pieces of glass carefully. She got two more cuts from it, but said nothing. She disposed of the shards of glass in the dustbin and found three small pieces of rags to tie her bleeding hands with.
They still stung, but she managed to clear the plates quietly. All the while she did that, she continued to ask herself how she had gotten this far. She had thought London would be her restoration. She had thought Europe would give her the breathing space she needed. But all she had ever gotten since she came here, was hatred, spiteful looks and rejection. Roxanne regretted ever leaving home. Then, she remembered her advance pay check. A small smile crept into her lips.
It was the only good thing that had come out of her journey here. And she imagined, just for a brief moment, what absconding with it would feel like. Finally, the plates stopped hurling in, and Roxanne felt her breathing pattern return to normal. Finally, she could return to her luxurious bed, and... "Hey! Glove princess."
Roxanne shuddered under the voice, her hands froze on the plate she was currently scrubbing. Only her face turned and her neck managed to support her head when she looked up at Marilyn. "Madam..." Roxanne stuttered, and Marilyn's lips thinned in a grin. It was no secret she was pleased with the lady's frustration. Therefore, she did not spare any chance to frustrate her more.
"An instruction from the queen. After now, you would pack your things from the guest chambers and move them to the servant's quarters where you would be given a room with the rest of the maids."
Roxanne flinched. This was too much. She did not mind doing dirty dishes, or being yelled at for accidentally breaking two ceramic plates. But this was going too far, she was being moved to the servant's quarters! The contract she signed with Lancelot had promised her own home! What was she still doing here?
Of course, she could not tell any of these to Marilyn. The only one who was to blame was Lancelot, and maybe herself, for harboring false hopes. Still, it helped to put all the blame on him.
Roxanne mustered every bone of self control in her body, and every part that was not consumed with rage, annoyance and regret to nod curtly.
"Of course," she replied.
The tears in her voice had disappeared. All that was left now was deep rooted anger.
###CHAPTER 69: CROSSED THE LINE
Everyone settled around the huge dining table in the banquet hall, specially designed and reserved for small feasts and gatherings, such as this one. Everyone here was either a member of the royal family or important to them. Madeline was dressed in one of her best blue gowns, Edward looked as charming as he always was, and so did the rest of his sons. Albert did not know why he had to sit through this torture, since he had rather hoped Lancelot would fail. But Hermione had insisted it was important to act as though they were on Roxanne's side. Elizabeth and her mother were beautifully dressed. The two elderly women of the house; Lady Eloise and Lady Marion were not left out of the elegance spree. Richard, Bailey and Reuben were present as well. And so was every member of the council.
Each sat down, drank, laughed out loud and was merry.
As they feasted, Ava leaned into Lancelot, who was seated by her side. He had not said a word or spoken to anyone except he was asked a question. Even then, he gave his usual curt replies and said nothing else. All through, Madeline had been sending Ava signals to tell her to get closer to Lancelot. Finally, she had gotten the chance.
She waited carefully for the moment Lancelot seemed a little less...ready to tear someone's face off, and wrapped her arms around his left hand. He was previously trying to sip a glance of wine, but the feeling of her skin on his caused him to pause abruptly, and not in pleasure.
His eyes danced to her smiling face, and he fought the urge the pull his hand away from hers. The cabinet members, which included her father, were present and watching. Lancelot knew better than to cause a scene.
Ava waited for him to pull her his hand away from hers. She already had a plan for when he did. However, she was both shocked and pleased when he just sipped his wine and stayed quiet.
"We missed you terribly Your Grace. Myself in particular." As she spoke, she blushed and smiled shyly, but Lancelot didn't spare her so much as a peep.
Madeline, who had been carefully watching everything saw Ava's small contact with Lancelot as an opportunity she had to prey on. Now, she would wipe whatever remained of the doubts the elders or anyone else at all, had about her son. With Lancelot's success in his tests and his betrothal to Ava, he was now unstoppable. And Madeline was ready to make sure it remained that way.
She cleared her throat so that her voice would be loud, and cast a smile at Lancelot and Roxanne.
"Oh my goddess! Look how cute the both are!" she said aloud, and everyone's eyes turned to the couple immediately.
Lancelot focused his gaze on the wine bottle in front of him and read the inscriptions on the bottle in his mind, he would do anything to black out their voices and their stares.
"They would certainly make a beautiful couple!" Garrett, Ava's father and head of the council of elders called out, and his colleagues cheered in agreement.
Everyone around laughed, apart from a few who would rather be anywhere else but here, celebrating the success of Lancelot, when they only wanted to see him fail. And of course, Lancelot himself.
"That reminds me, Your Highness. I do hope the ceremony of Lancelot's selection of mistresses is being organized accordingly?" one elder, who seemed to be half gone from all the wine he had taken into his system roared aloud, and everyone laughed.
"It is very important that they are beautiful, to please the Alpha's eyes."
The room shook with laughter and hearty cheers again.
From where she sat, Ava's grip on Lancelot's hand tightened. A frown crept up to her face and she felt a strong surge of annoyance. She hated the thought of Lancelot being with other women, but she knew he had to, tradition demanded it. James noticed Ava's stern expression and pitied her. He could only hope, for her sake, that Lancelot found pleasure in her. Traditionally, she was not his mate. Therefore, it was said that she would not be able to fulfill all his insatiable desires. As long as she wasn't his mate, there would always be limit to the pleasure she would give him. That was why Lancelot was required to have mistresses; to fulfill the desires Ava would not be able to. Their father, King Edward didn't need mistresses because he found his mate before becoming Alpha King.
However, Madeline chuckled and spoke up while laughing and holding on to her husband's hand.
"Yes! We are putting it into careful consideration. But! I can assure you that it would be a mere formality. I have no doubts that Ava here..." She paused and sent a wink to her keen audience.
"Would have no problem satisfying my son. I mean, look at those hips!" she thundered, and sent the room into a fit of laughter and applauds once more. "Indeed!" Ava's father cheered at the top of his voice.
Meanwhile, Lancelot who was less interested in their conversation, he looked around and searched for his trusted personal assistant. Peter was standing beside the door and his eyes were fixed on Lancelot.
When their orbs met, Lancelot raised a brow in query, intending to inquire the whereabouts of Roxanne. Lancelot needed to make sure she was hidden in her room. He did not need her wandering about again, not in the presence of the watchful eyes of the elders and Hermione and her children, who were always ready to drag him to the mud. Peter did not say anything or return a signal to Lancelot. He only shook his head slowly, his eyes laddered with guilt and concern, before he moved away from the spot he stood in. Lancelot's eyes followed him carefully, wondering what was wrong with Peter.
His personal assistant was keeping something away from him again, Lancelot thought. And he made a mental note to make sure he found out what it was once this feast was over.
Sitting there, like a spirit in the room, even though his body was present, Lancelot counted seconds, which turned to minutes, and minutes which turned to hours. Every laughter, every joke, every story told and every plan made passed over him. His ears picked only a few things of what was said; when Madeline talked about fixing a date for his wedding, and a date for his mistress selection ceremony.
Alas, Lancelot was more than grateful to the goddess when after one hour, thirty minutes and forty five seconds later, the banquet hall was almost empty. With the exception of servants who cleared the table, Madeline and Edward, who had just bid him goodnight together, and Peter, who stood at the edge of the door, awaiting further instructions.
Lancelot had not even been paying enough attention to know when everyone left. He only knew that he was alone now, and Peter had questions to answer.
He rose up from his chair and nodded curtly when the servants bowed to greet him. As he walked to Peter, he noticed that the man was avoiding his gaze. It confirmed Lancelot's theory that Peter was keeping something away from him. So, he did not bother to ask too many questions when he stood in front of him. Staring down at Peter, with his both hands tucked into his deep pockets, Lancelot's deep voice growled. "Out with it."
Peter took two steps backwards before speaking.
"Out with what, sir?" he asked, in a silly attempt to feign ignorance. Lancelot was not buying it, and was equally not pleased that his time was being wasted.
"Where is Roxanne?"
Lancelot did not scream, but the calm tone of his voice was more dangerous than his yelling. With his countenance, Peter knew it was no use lying to Lancelot, even though it was the safer thing to do.
He picked the dangerous path, and decided to tell Lancelot the truth.
Peter lowered his head to the ground, for fear of what he'll see in Lancelot's eyes.
"She was present with the kitchen maids the last time I saw her."
The words slipped out of Peter's mouth and rested on Lancelot's ears with painful echoing effects. The two things that continued to resound in Lancelot's mind where; kitchen and maid.
Roxanne was in the kitchen, and working with the maids?! Something within him sparked his tier like electric current, both anger and annoyance thrummed his veins. But Lancelot was good at pretending to keep his calm. "Who sent her there?"
Peter said nothing, only stayed silent and kept his eyes on the floor. It drove Lancelot further towards the edge.
"I do not want to repeat myself."
"The queen," Peter blurted out. He knew what he had done, and he knew what would follow.
The queen, his mother, Lancelot thought. Irritation pricked at him, and his bright blue eyes turned a dark and dangerous shade. He took few steps away from Peter and turned sharply on his heels.
Madeline Dankworth has crossed the line, it was time he made her understand that there were certain lines she could not cross when it came to him. Roxanne Harvey was one of those lines.
*********
Her limbs began to ache after hours of standing and bending at regular intervals to get the heaps of dishes washed. At last, after what seemed like three hours of endless and painful scrubbing and rinsing, she was done.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! However, she was reminded that she still had to pack her things from the guest chambers.
Marilyn made sure two maids escorted her to her room and watched her in spite as she packed her things together, into her suitcase.
She wondered if Peter knew of this, if Lancelot was aware. But then, even if they were, what difference would it make? Madeline was the queen, and from what Roxanne had seen, she was also the one who called most of the shots and dictated the happenings and events of this palace. Her words were definite, not even her son could revolt against it.
So, Roxanne quietly packed her things and allowed herself to be led to the servant's quarters. It was a small duplex at the back of the grand palace, just before the woods. The corridors were still long, but tighter, so that it was almost impossible for two people to walk side by side.
As she walked slowly, Roxanne took peeps into some rooms. The maid's quarters used bunk beds, and there were three in each room, with just enough space for six people to cohabit.
Maybe, just maybe this place won't be so bad after all, she thought. Roxanne was really trying to make herself see the good in everything that was happening. But, the more she tried, the more nothing seemed to make sense. Finally, the maid in front of her stood before a door and pointed to it.
"This would be your room from now."
Without waiting for Roxanne to speak, she brushed past her and walked away, the maid behind Roxanne followed her and the two ladies left Roxanne standing in front of the door with so many questions.
She took deep breaths in and out, trying to calm her anxiety, before pushing the door open. This was the last room in the corridor and by far the smallest she had seen.
The smell of damp undergarments, sweat and feminine deodorant hit her immediately. As she looked around the room, she could see that it was half the size of other rooms she had peeped into, and there were four bunks present in this one! There was barely enough space for three people to stand on the floor at once. Yet, eight people were to live in here.
Everything she was currently looking at wanted to push her into self-pity. She wanted to wail and regret her actions, but immediately thought against it.
If this was her new reality, she would have to learn to accept it. If the world thought it was tough, she would try to show it that she was tougher.
So, still standing in front of the door, her grip on the handle of her box tightened as she took one step into the room.
###CHAPTER 70: WHATEVER THE CIRCUMSTANCES
Lancelot did nothing to stop himself from fuming with anger. He would no longer pretend and allow his mother do as she pleased. He was tired, genuinely tired of allowing her kick everybody around for her own pleasure. Today, he would set her straight and remind her of all the lines she could not cross; each and every one of them.
With a sturdy gaze and irritation stirring and boiling his temper, he dashed out the door of the banquet hall, and did nothing to stop himself from crashing into an incoming servant. The man fell to the ground, flat on his back, but Lancelot did not spare him a second glance, talk more of an apology.
Peter, who hurried behind his boss, was left with the responsibility of helping the man up and apologizing to him. By the time Peter had his head up, Lancelot was far down the corridor, several meters ahead of him. He stood still, his hands lay helpless by his sides, with a gleaming sadness in his eyes as he watched Lancelot stomp off to confront the queen.
He did not stop, not even to catch his breath, until he was standing in front of the Luna queen's door.
He placed his hand on the door knob and turned it. When it clicked, he flung the wooden door open, allowing it to crash with the wall, and stomped into the room.
Madeline was stunned by the sudden noise. She jolted up from her bed and turned her eyes to the door, to behold the sight of the rude intruder. Hell! Even her husband knew better than to push her door open with such ill manner, so who did this intruder think he or she was to...?
She paused her line of thoughts when her eyes rested on her son's tall and lean frame. Lancelot stood there, few inches away from the foot of her door, panting heavily and his fists rolled to form small balls by his side. In his eyes, was a look she could not recognize. Almost as if her son had unlocked a new level of rage.
Confused, she took few steps closer to him. The frown on her face from his rude entry had not yet disappeared, but she was going to be merciful to him; she was his mother after all.
With every step his mother took closer to him, Lancelot felt himself unlock new stages of anger and resentment. He seemed to be spiraling so fast, faster than he himself could control. Madeline's eyes softened when she caught a glimpse of the redness of his cheeks and forehead. If she had ignored it before, it was too obvious to ignore now; Lancelot was furious. Her eyes danced around him as she spoke.
"Lancelot dear..."
"Why did you do it mother?" Lancelot cut in. Even in the mildness of his tone, Madeline could sense the anger oozing out of him.
She stopped in her tracks and crossed both arms in front of her chest. Her brows squinted in confusion, even as her eyes still carried care.
"Do what, Lance?"
Lancelot narrowed his eyes at her. Did she really not understand what she had done?
"Oh for the goddess's sake! Do not play dumb with me, mother!" As he yelled, he subconsciously charged towards her and Madeline was forced to take few steps backwards.
She stared at him with anger, barely half of his, but her temper had risen by his disrespect.
"By the goddess Lancelot, you had better tell me what it is that's warranted such unruly behavior towards me, or I swear that I'll..."
"You had no right sending her to the kitchen." His teeth were clenched together, and so was his jaw.
Madeline blinked two times faster, while staggering back in disbelief. A bitter scoff escaped her throat and she corked her head to the left side, looking over Lancelot once more. It was unbelievable. Never would she have imagined that one day, her son would charge into her room and yell at her for putting a common human, a nobody, in the place she rightfully belonged; below them.
To think she had been very merciful with the human by telling her to join the maids. Here, the human woman belonged below her servants.
When she finally found her stance, Madeline stood up straight, took in deep breaths and sent daggers in form of glares to her son.
"I am the Luna Queen of this pack, and until that changes, I have the right to do whatever I please, with whoever I please."
Looking at her, it was obvious to Lancelot that there was not a single bone of remorse in Madeline's body.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You would do whatever you please. But there are certain lines that you must not cross mother!"
"Oh! I would cross every line I have to, to keep my family safe!" Madeline allowed herself to scream back. This time, she was the one who took three furious steps forwards, closing the distance between she and her son.
Lancelot stood few inches away from her, towering above her. The rage emanating from the both of them filled the air, the tension was so thick, and it could be felt as heat.
The look in Madeline's eyes was familiar. Lancelot had only seen it once in his life; on the day Bran died. The thought weakened him, causing him to step backwards.
However, Madeline was far past reasoning. There was no way she would allow anyone ruin what she had worked so hard for.
"You do not understand what is at stake, do you? It is just one day to your coronation Lancelot. If you think that I would be stupid enough to allow the only weak link your enemies have against you dance around the palace freely, then you must have mistaken me for an idiot."
His blue orbs danced around her face, oblivious of what she meant. The intensity of his temper seemed to die down.
"Mother, what are you..."
"The elders were present Lancelot! You were there! You saw how the girl's presence almost took everything right from under our noses. There was no way I could allow that happen again! She needed to be checked!"
"I had it under control..."
He was cut off by Madeline's bitter and sarcastic chuckle, while she threw her hands into the air.
"Just the way you did, on the night of the hunt."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Lancelot's gaze darkened, but he said nothing.
As she stood, Madeline sought to calm herself. She managed to take in deep breaths to calm her nerves and soothe her anger. When she felt calm enough to speak, she continued.
"You would be Alpha King barely 36 hours away from now, Lancelot." She closed the gap between them as she spoke, and took her son's left hand in her hands. The anger in her eyes dissolved, and her stare turned into a loving one. "And then, the pack would be yours, you can do anything you want. But, until then..." She let go of his hand and straightened her stance, turning rigid.
"I would determine what goes on around here, because I do everything I do for your own good. Am I understood?"
Lancelot hesitated to answer. His mother's reason made sense. Indeed, once he was Alpha King, he could set a lot of things right, he would have no reason to fear. "Lancelot, am I understood?"
His eyes swept over her once more. Until he was crowned, he would just have to do as she says.
He bowed and lowered his head, in defeat.
"Yes mother."
Within her, she smiled in satisfaction.
This was exactly how it was supposed to be. Lancelot was supposed to listen to her, whatever the circumstances.
###CHAPTER 71: WHEN HAD SHE EVER BEEN ALRIGHT?
"Get rid of those clothes immediately," the head maid, Marilyn, spoke harshly while sending daggers in glares towards Roxanne. Confused, Roxanne looked up at the woman. She was at a loss for both words and actions, and she was also genuinely tired of being here. Nothing she did seemed to please Marilyn, or pacify any of the maids for whatever she had done.
It was crazy. She had never met or spoken to any of them before now. Yet, they collectively seemed to despise her.
After she got here last night, she was made to sleep on the shaky bunk and Roxanne spent all night worrying if the wooden bunk would collapse and send her to the floor. That would be death, she thought. Considering how high the bunk beds were.
It was funny, how she thought she would return to the palace and have a good rest. Little did she know that the worst of it all had been in front, waiting patiently for her.
Roxanne could still remember being woken up by the feeling of cold water being splashed on her face. And when she opened her eyes and jumped up in shock, the head maid sent another bowl of water hurling towards her. Roxanne tried to move away, but the water was faster. Luckily, she was able to dodge the rubber bowl, stopping it from crashing with her forehead. While she was still trying to make sense of it, she caught the other maids laughing and sneering, while Marilyn wore her normal disgusted stare.
"What do you think you're still doing sleeping by this time? Who do you think is going to do all your work for you?!"
Like that, she was pulled down from the bunk bed, and barely given time to clean herself up. She was still in her night dress when Marilyn forced her to sweep all the rooms on her floor, scrub the floors and dry it up. After sweeping and scrubbing a total of twenty rooms from 9am in the morning till 4pm in the evening, Roxanne staggered back to her room, rid herself of her night dress and forced herself to have a bath in the cramped bathroom. That was difficult, considering the fact that she was mildly claustrophobic.
Now, she was standing in front of her box in black jeans and a black T-shirt, getting ready for her next job; to pick up the trash from the palace garden. If the rumors were true, the royal family had organized a small luncheon with England's most popular and important politicians, introducing them to the soon to be king; which as she knew, would be Lancelot.
She frowned as she thought of him. He had not even thought to see that she was alive, since they returned. Why did it even shock her? The man never cared about anything besides himself!
"Are you suddenly deaf? Glove princess?"
Even Hades knew how much she hated her new nickname. Roxanne snapped out of her range of thoughts and focused on Marilyn's annoying face again.
"This is the simplest thing I could find. I really don't..."
From where she stood, Marilyn picked up a neatly ironed uniform from the bed of one of Roxanne's roommates and sent the dress hurling towards Roxanne. It ended on the floor in front of her, directly on top of her feet.
"Wear it," the head maid snapped. Roxanne knew better than to argue with her. She would do whatever was necessary, until it was time to finally get out of here. Which, according to Peter, would be soon. But, how soon enough was this "soon"?
She sighed as she put on the dress. Roxanne promised herself not to think too much about it. It was only for a few days, once Lancelot was crowned, she would resume her normal duties once again.
Roxanne took off her jeans and shirt and threw on the back dress and put on the white apron that followed it. She adhered to the regulations of the maids and wrapped her hair in a tight bun above her head, before covering the bun with a white scarf.
After that, she was assigned to the palace garden with four other maids to pick up the trash and get the garden ready for tomorrow's festivities; the coronation.
The garden was a few miles away from the servant's quarters. Roxanne walked alone, under the dying evening sun. The other four maids chatted away in front of her, leaving her behind, and lonely.
Alas, when they got to the garden, the maids distanced themselves from her as well, taking the east portion of the garden, and leaving her to the west. She did not complain about this, who could she complain to anyway? She only busied herself with picking up cans of beer and unfinished chicken limbs from the grass and throwing it into her black litter bag; the only companion she has for the evening.
Roxanne engrossed herself in her work, so much that she didn't hear the maids greet the member of the royal family that had walked into the garden. She did not hear him walk up to her, she did not see him stand beside her and she did not even hear him call her name the first time. It wasn't until he lowered himself and tapped her back that she sprung up in shock and fear and glanced at him.
Standing beside her, Reuben had his famous smile on his face, with both hands safely tucked away in his pocket. He seemed to find her shock amusing, and Roxanne couldn't even blame him.
"You startled me, Your Grace," she finally spoke, after catching her breath. Reuben's bright eyes sparkled as he chuckled.
"Just the same way you startled me when I saw you for the first time. Had me wondering who it was that had caught my eyes so effortlessly."
If Roxanne had been in the right frame of mind, she would have blushed. But, in her current position, nothing seemed funny; not even the cruel joke her life had slowly turned into. So, she feigned a chuckle and stopped at that. "You flatter me, Your Grace," she replied to his compliment.
Reuben glanced over her. Even in the maid's uniform, she was extremely pretty. However, he knew better than to ask why she was in one of those.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I have barely seen you since Lancelot's return. I bless the universe for my coming to the garden this evening, or I might not have seen you still..."
"Hey! Glove princess! We have to leave now. Our time here has elapsed."
Her colleague's voice cut Reuben's sentence short, and Roxanne's lips spread into a thin smile.
"I do hope you understand why now."
Reuben's bright eyes dimmed a bit, and his smile softened, his glare turned from flirtatious to sympathetic. He gave her a gentleman's nod and stepped back.
"Of course, I do."
With that, Roxanne turned her back towards him, picked up her bag of litter and began to drag it out of the garden, on top the damp grass. Her colleagues had gone ahead of her, but she knew it was of no use the call out to them. She was even surprised that they had alerted her when they wanted to leave. It would have only been typical of them to leave her behind.
When she got to the end of the garden, she lowered herself and picked up the litter bag like every other maid did and placed it in front of her chest. Hers was light, as it was filled with nothing besides empty cans and pieces of bones. So, she was able to hold it comfortably, even if it blocked most of her vision of the front.
Roxanne continued to walk behind the other maids, even though they had gone fairly ahead of her. She didn't want to, but she could not stop herself from wondering what life would have been like if she had never come here. One thing was certain, she would not have held trash so close to her body, or even been putting on this hilarious uniform, or working with people who saw her as nothing but an entity to be ignored completely. No matter what, she would have had the company of her best friend, who would have been there, no matter...
Roxanne stopped thinking when her body came in contact with a wall, a very soft wall. As she collided with the wall, her nylon litter bag burst open, most of the contents spilling on the body of the...
Her eyes flickered up when she had freed herself of the bag. This was no wall! It couldn't have been a wall, the surface was too soft. Instead, a tall, now furious and stained with dirt, Marilyn stood above her. Roxanne's limbs froze in fear. She had touched the tail of the lioness, and now, the lioness was going to bite.
However, Marilyn did not bite. What did she do? She sent her palm to crash with Roxanne's left cheek, with a force that sent Roxanne to the ground.
Roxanne's body landed on the cold grass, her right cheek was buried in the dirt, while her left cheek burned from the effect of the slap. Hot tears gathered in Roxanne's eyelids.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You stupid clumsy girl! Can you see the mess you've created?"
"I'm...sorry..." she whimpered, shivering on the floor. Marilyn didn't listen, she moved forward and lifted her right leg, with the intention of digging it into Roxanne's stomach, before a high pitched feminine voice stopped her. "Stop! Immediately!"
Marilyn seemed to freeze and take few steps backwards. Roxanne was too dazed to lift up her eyes, but she could hear Marilyn speak, and see her bow.
"Your Grace," Marilyn stammered.
"Are you crazy? What are you doing?!" the female voice cried out again, and rushed to Roxanne.
From where she lay, she could feel warm hands graze her shoulder and her cheek that burned. "Are you alright?"
The softness of the voice gave Roxanne the courage to look up. She could not say for sure where she had seen it, but she was sure she had. Suddenly, the photo album Peter once presented to her came to memory. Of course! This was the beautiful princess Elizabeth!
The princess's eyes left her and returned to Marilyn.
"Get out of this place before I lose temper. And get someone to clean this mess up!" he soft voice turned stern as she admonished the head maid.
Roxanne heard Marilyn stutter, before she ran off. She saw Elizabeth's eyes fall to hers once more, laddered with care and concern.
"Can you stand? Are you alright?" she asked again.
In that moment, Roxanne could not stop herself from scoffing bitterly. When had she ever been alright?
###CHAPTER 72: DON'T CRY
The princess held on to her. She placed her right hand under Roxanne's shoulders and raised her gently, until Roxanne was seated. The right side of her cheek was stained with grass and wet soil, while the other side of her cheek had Marilyn's handprint imprinted on it, still stinging from the painful slap.
Squatting beside her, Elizabeth helped her dust the dirt of her face, slowly and with sympathy.
"I hope you're alright? I really don't understand why she'll treat you like that."
Roxanne struggled to keep her tears at bay, they were fighting their way to her eyelids, but she wouldn't even let them gather there. Once she did, she wasn't sure she would be able to stop herself from crying. Maybe Elizabeth didn't understand, but Roxanne understood why Marilyn had hit her; it was hate. Did she understand why Marilyn hated her? Of course not! If she did, she wouldn't be seated on wet grass like a complete idiot. Even though that was what she currently felt like.
Roxanne saw Elizabeth's eyes narrow on her, with a cautious and scrutinizing gaze that examined her from top to bottom. Roxanne knew what was going to follow after Elizabeth's gaze.
"Aren't you the lady Lancelot introduced as his secretary?" Her tone was soft, even though her gaze was suspicious. Roxanne looked at herself, wallowing in self-pity, shame and anger. She sniffed back her tears before speaking.
"Even I thought so. Turns out things are not always as they seem," Roxanne ended the statement with a dismissal. She did not want to talk about it any further, but the princess failed to get the hint.
"Why are they making you do this? Does Lancelot know? Of course he doesn't. He can't be aware, there's no way he'll let them do this to you if he knew, there's no way..."
"He knows," Roxanne cut in, with the faint ounce of strength she had within her. She did not understand why the princess was being nice to her, even though everyone else, including the one who had brought her here, seemed to want nothing to do with her.
"What?" Elizabeth exclaimed, her brows squinted in disbelief.
"That is impossible. Are you trying to say Lancelot allowed this to happen? Is this one of the packages that come with being his secretary? Did you agree to all this? What's even happening here?"
Roxanne found it funny, that Elizabeth was asking her all the questions she had asked herself time and time again. Even after hearing the questions from someone else's mouth, Roxanne couldn't bring herself to find any answers to it. Perhaps, because there were none.
The reality of how pathetic her situation was dawned on her once more. She felt tricked, duped, stabbed at the back, and alone. Her only solace was thousands of miles and oceans away from her, and Roxanne could not being herself to cry out or reach out to her best friend. What would she even tell her?
She felt so lonely, more than she had ever been in her life. She was in a strange land, where almost everyone hated her, and....
The tears forcefully found their way out of her tear glands and freed themselves from her eyelids, flowing freely down her cheeks. She could taste the salt of her tears as it seeped into her mouth. Even in the saltiness, she could still taste the bitterness in them.
"I...don't..d..don't.. know," Roxanne stammered.
When Elizabeth saw her cry, her eyes widened in shock. She moved closer to Roxanne and wrapped her arms around her.
"Don't cry. Please don't cry."
Roxanne had already began, it was too late to turn back. She could as well take advantage of the princess's care and empty her heart.
"I'm just so confused. I don't even know what I got myself into. I didn't plan for all of this..." Roxanne found herself mumbling in tears, against Elizabeth's shoulder. The princess's hands caressed the back of her head gently, her fingers seeping into her hair and gently massaging Roxanne's skull. Even if Roxanne wanted to stop talking, there was no way she could bring herself to do so now.
"Lancelot didn't add any of this to the plan. I had thought that coming here would bring us closer, but..." Roxanne paused to sniff in her tears. It didn't stop them from running down freely.
"I feel deserted, tricked, alone, duped...if I had known this is how it would be, I would never have come here. But...but he didn't tell me. I never imagined it like this..." The pain in her heart was evident in her shaky voice and her loud cry. Roxanne did nothing to hide it, she didn't even have the strength to.
Elizabeth held her closer and took deep breaths in, before speaking.
"Lancelot is my cousin, and I have known him for all my life. He might be a good man, but he's never liked or even loved anyone enough to show it. No one ever knows what's going on in his head. He just does his things and everyone else has to agree to it." She paused for a while, as if allowing her first series of revelations to sink into Roxanne's ears, before speaking again.
"I'm so sorry you had to fall victim to his cruelty. But, now that you are aware of who he truly is, you can help yourself by standing up and fighting for yourself. Allowing other maids kick you around is certainly not the way to last long here. You need to be strong."
The thought of forcing strength was scary. Roxanne wasn't sure she had it in her to summon courage anymore.
"I just want to go home,” she whimpered, still relaxing on Elizabeth's shoulder.
The princess smiled sadly, and raised Roxanne's face to meet hers.
"I know just the thing that can cheer you up."
Her eyes glittered under the evening sun, and Roxanne was forced to acknowledge the princess's beauty once again. Now that she had been so kind to her, the princess looked even more beautiful.
"A flight back home?" Roxanne asked, and Elizabeth chuckled, even though Roxanne hadn't meant to make a joke.
"No, but a very nice place with ice cream that gives joy. Not quite far from the palace. I could take you there this evening..." She stopped when she sensed the hesitation in Roxanne's eyes. She also felt Roxanne's body grow tense and stiff. Elizabeth cast her a reassuring smile, as if saying, "I have got you, trust me and you'll be okay."
The princess has already been so nice to her, what bad would trusting her do? Roxanne asked herself. When she did not find an answer to the question, she allowed herself to relax. Elizabeth noticed this and her smile broadened.
"Normally, we would drive there. But, the evening breeze is therapeutic. And I would really want to spend more time with you. To assure you that you'll be alright. What do you say?" Even if Roxanne had thought of saying no, Elizabeth's charming and caring smile rendered her helpless against the princess's charm.
So, she smiled and nodded eagerly.
"Great!" Elizabeth cried out.
"I'll need you to take care of yourself and first, I would be waiting for you here. Is that okay?"
When Roxanne nodded weakly, Elizabeth rose slowly. When she had found her footing, she stretched her hand to Roxanne to help her up. Roxanne cast the princess one last thorough look, before taking her hands and rising up. She allowed the princess help her to her feet, and walk with her to a certain length before she carried on the journey by herself. She walked back to the servant's quarters without saying a word to anybody. The side remarks still continued, but she paid them no mind. When she finally got to her room, she went straight into the bathroom, washed herself thoroughly, before coming out. She threw on a black skirt and a cashmere cardigan, before leaving the room once more, still not saying a word to anybody.
Just as Elizabeth had promised, she was in the garden waiting for Roxanne. Roxanne realized she had never been so relieved to see anyone since she got here. Elizabeth's eyes danced over her. "You look better."
Honestly, Roxanne did feel better after the bath. At least, the cold water helped to cool the stinging effect of the slap.
"Thank you, Your Highness," Roxanne spoke up. Elizabeth smiled and took hold of Roxanne's right hand.
"It's nothing. Everyone just really needs someone to be there for them at some point in their lives."
Elizabeth was right. Roxanne was currently in that point of her life. So, she smiled sadly and allowed Elizabeth to hold her hand and chatter on about the palace, and all the amazing festivities prepared for tomorrow, just to lighten the mood. Roxanne chuckled sincerely whenever Elizabeth said something she found funny. The two ladies walked hand in hand, from the palace garden, to the palace gate and even past it. Before Roxanne knew, they were outside the high walls of the palace. And she was walking into the typical English night life setting.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
As Elizabeth went on and on about her early days in a boarding school in Switzerland, Roxanne could see the lights of the city from a far end. They were now outside the palace gates, but not fully outside the palace, there were still tow high fences beside them, and no streetlights, to keep attention out of the palace.
"You would absolutely love English night life!" Elizabeth cried out with excitement and Roxanne could feel it brewing inside her too. Elizabeth's positive energy was contagious, and she loved it.
"I bet I will," Roxanne replied.
Finally, they got to the end of the fences, and were welcomed with the sound of honking vehicles, streetlights, billboard lights and lights from opened shops.
"The ice cream store is just across the road, we just have to cross and..."
Elizabeth's sentence was cut short by the sound of a screeching vehicle, coming to a halt just in front of them. Confused, the both of the stepped back. Roxanne was going to continue walking forward, but shock seemed to paralyses Elizabeth, and their hands were intertwined.
Roxanne tried to shake her, but Elizabeth wouldn't move. The door of the van in front of them slid open, and a figure in a ski mask jumped out of it.
It was then, Roxanne froze and Elizabeth found the willpower to move. But, it was too late.
Underneath the dim streetlight, the ski mask figure charged at them, and stole Roxanne's hand, pulling her away from Elizabeth.
"No! Stop!" Elizabeth cried out, shaking with fear.
Roxanne tried to wriggle free. She screamed, kicked, punched the hard chest, but nothing was enough. She was forced into the van, and her captor followed her behind.
Sweating profusely, Elizabeth continued to scream in fear. The vehicle drove away almost immediately the door closed. She was petrified, her heart hammered against her chest.
Elizabeth picked up speed and ran after the car for ten seconds, but it was no use. She slowly came to a halt, a gut wrenching feeling in her chest.
Roxanne was gone. And there was nothing she could do to bring her back.
###CHAPTER 73: EVERYTHING IS ALRIGHT
It seemed like hours, so many unbearable hours since she was last able to breathe, or see, or even feel anything. Now, as her eyelids parted slowly, to reveal nothing but darkness, it almost felt as though her head would split into several tiny pieces and scatter all over the floor.
It was only when her eyelids had fully opened-despite how bad it stung-that she realized her head was covered. And in a dusty sackcloth.
Her nostrils began to itch. She sought to sneeze but it just wasn't coming out. Then, she thought of bringing her hand to her face and ridding herself of the dusty sackcloth and to clean her nose from all the dirt and filth in it. But, when she tried to find her hands, she suddenly realized something. Her eyelids expanded in fear, and her body resumed its instant shaking again.
Her hands were tied to her back! Her face was covered. And few minutes, or hours ago-Roxanne wasn't even sure how long it was- she had been kidnapped. Roxanne could remember being snatched from the road and forced into a black van. She tried to protest, kick, and cry, but it was of no use. All it took was a weird paper towel to cover her nose and she was knocked down cold, until now.
Instantly, she began to shake violently in her chair. She was wriggling so hard, that the thin rope used to tie her hands and her body to the chair seemed to cut deeper into her skin with every movement she made. Roxanne squealed and yelled in pain, but she wouldn't stop shaking. Maybe, if she moved hard and quick enough, the rope would snap and she would be free from here.
It didn't happen.
No matter how she moved, shook and kicked, all she got were rope cuts and injuries; nothing but severe pain.
Roxanne was finding it hard to breathe. Anxiety, anger, confusion and fear enveloped her all at once. And Roxanne was not good at feeling so many things at once. It drained her of everything; both physical and mental strength. Accepting defeat, she finally stopped herself from shaking. Roxanne steadied herself and settled into the most comfortable posture she could find herself; her back pressed against the chair, head up, and her feet lying forward. That way, she was able to feel and hear her heartbeat, and was able to convince herself that she was not yet in hell.
But hell was waiting for her.
Just when she thought she had finally found relief and strength to think about her next move, she heard voices; two male ones approach the room. From the sounds, the two men seemed to be in high spirits, and cruel ones too. "What's all the f*** noise about?" the first one yelled, in a strong Irish accent, Roxanne noted.
Her heartbeat quickened immediately, blood drained from her face, leaving her pale white with fear. Oh no! They had heard her move. She had unwillingly attracted attention to herself.
"Our golden girl has awakened. Think she can give us the answers we want now?" It was the second man's turn to speak.
Roxanne was trying her best to keep breathing, but even the air seemed to have deserted her.
"Of course. We don't have all day," the Irish man spoke again.
She continued to sit there, anxious to see or know their next move. She felt a hand at the top of her head, before the sackcloth was forcefully yanked off her head, sending bits of dust into her nose, mouth and eyes. Roxanne blinked rapidly, coughed and sneezed at the same time. The men only laughed.
Roxanne waited until her eyes stopped itching before she looked up at the men. She could not recognize them as they were still on black ski masks that revealed nothing but their eyes. The room was dimly lit, and smelt of damp wood. And the second man was holding on to a wooden stick as though it were his most treasured possession. There was a tripod beside him, with a camera resting on top of it.
She was being recorded.
The thought of being kidnapped had never crossed her mind for once. Why would anyone have wanted to kidnap her? She had no money, no political ambition, absolutely nothing.
Still shaking she managed to bring herself to speak.
"I'm sorry, you must have gotten the wrong person. I am not who you want, I haven't got anything! I..."
Her sentence hung midair when a resounding slap landed on her right cheek, with force that caused her head to tilt to the left. She screamed in pain, the right side of her jaw throbbed, and when she spat on the floor, she saw blood. Tears of pain and fear gathered up in her eyelids.
"Now you don't get to insult our skillset, do you understand me, young lady?" the second man asked, clutching her neck with his bare hands and snapping her head to the side, so that she faced him.
"Look at you. With them disgusting eyes. So, you thought that you could just stroll into our land and have our prince and soon to be king for yourself aye?"
Her eyes and throat burned at the same time, while she struggled to speak.
"I..." She coughed. "I really do not understand what you're talking about. You have to believe me, please."
"Liar!" the Irish man screamed and the one holding her neck spat on her face. Her toes curled in irritation and Roxanne felt her stomach revolt against her.
"What is the relationship you share with prince Lancelot?" the English man spoke.
Roxanne was beginning to feel dizzy, but she managed to squeeze her brows in confusion.
"There is nothing going. He is my boss and I am his..."
The feeling of hard wood slamming across her stomach was another thing she had not anticipated. The hard wood crashed on her abdomen, and pierced in deep, trying to cut through her flesh and cause her to bleed. "Now you better start telling the truth! Silly human!"
"You don't know where it is you are, or what you're dealing with, do you? A human female, with the guts to frolic with no other wolf in this pack! But our very own alpha prince. The nerve of you!" As he screamed, he pushed the plank deeper into her stomach and she g*** in pain. Tears ran down her eyes and touched the bruises on her face, and blood continued to trickle out of her mouth. She could not completely close it anymore, the slap had shocked her jaw bones to paralysis.
Human female? Wolf? Alpha Prince? What were these people even talking about? This wasn't some spin off from teen wolf or bloody twilight! This was real life!
"I do not understand what you're talking about!" she cried out, even though her speech was now sloppy.
"I do not know any wolves, or alpha whatever...I swear on it!"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
The two men burst into hysterical laughter simultaneously. Roxanne felt her head spin, and with every passing second, it became more difficult to breathe.
"You do not know any wolves? But you have been in the palace for over a month and you do not know the Alpha Prince or Luna queen Madeline?"
Madeline. Roxanne's dull eyes sprung open. She knew Queen Madeline! But Luna queen, as in queen of wolves? Roxanne didn't know about that. Did this mean...
"Answer me!" the Irish man screamed again, seemingly annoyed by her previous silence. He pulled the plank away from her stomach, and sent it crashing on top of her head. Roxanne screamed out loud, and cried in pain, she felt her head split open from the force of the hit.
"I don't understand what you're talking about! I do not understand anything!" Hot tears ran down her cheek, just as fast as blood trickled down the top of her head to the left side of her face.
"Perhaps, we should enlighten you. Go get me my whip!" the Irish man yelled, and the English one finally let go of her neck and left.
"You've got some nerve coming in here human woman. Now I promise you, that I'll show you exactly why humans stay away from us."
***********
Alas! It was the dawn of a new day, and a new era. The sun itself seemed to be in high spirits with the rest of the Dankworth house. It rose to its full glory as early as the seventh hour of the day, and spread its light on anyone who cared to walk under it.
The heat of the sun was welcoming, embracing, and it shone just enough light in his room for Lancelot to look over his black tunic once more.
"I still do not understand why I cannot just wear my usual suit," he grumbled, staring down at the medieval England fashioned tunic and black cape.
"You cannot sir, because it is not just any normal day," Peter, his assistant spoke, gently talking hold of Lancelot's hand and testing a pair of diamond cufflinks, the diamond stone wrapped in a small gold casing; it must have cost a fortune. Lancelot sighed. Indeed, it was the day his parents had been waiting for, for twelve good years. It was the day he had dedicated his whole life to seeing, it was the day he would finally have the power to set things straight, with everyone. And Lancelot couldn't help but feel like Peter was even more excited than he was. The man had been smiling since he walked into the room this morning, and Lancelot wanted to share in his joy, or know the reason why.
"You seem to be in high spirits this morning. If I didn't know better, I would have thought you were the one getting crowned."
Peter chuckled, but did not look up at Lancelot.
"Today, would change a lot of things for you sir. I'm just very happy to be opportune to see it."
Lancelot looked away from Peter into the image of himself in his mirror. He knew what Peter meant, but he rather not dwell on it. First things first, he had to have the crown of his father on his head.
Just then, Peter heard Lancelot's phone beep. He paused and turned to table where the phone lay.
"I should see what's in it," Peter spoke up and Lancelot gave him a curt nod of approval. It was the phone Peter normally answered and replied to Lancelot's business messages with, not his personal line, so Peter could do whatever he wanted. He dropped the cufflinks on the seat beside the bed and walked to the office table where the phone lay. He picked it up, pressed the home button and skimmed through the notification.
It was a video attachment from an unknown number.
Peter's eyes narrowed in suspicion. He clicked the notification, and the message popped up to his screen.
The video was captioned "SOS (save our soul)" Peter's brows squinted in confusion. He clicked on the video.
His jaw dropped on the sight of the first four seconds. Blood drained from his face, while his eyes drank in the most gruesome sight he had ever had to see.
A woman tied to the chair, blood running down the side of her face, accompanied by several bruises on her cheeks and a broken nose. She was being hit continuously, but Peter could not hear a word of what was said because the video was muted. Neither could he see the woman's face, because her brown strands of hair blocked her eyes from view.
Just when he was about to walk to Lancelot and show him the message, because he did not understand what he was to do, the woman was slapped on the face again and her head fell to the side without effort. The strands of hair exited her face, and her eyes came to view.
Peter's breath seized for split seconds.
Roxanne!
"Do you intend to stare at the phone all day?"
Lancelot's voice hovered above him, and Peter jolted in shock and fear. "Everything alright?" Lancelot asked, when Peter had turned to him.
No, nothing was alright. Peter wanted to say, but decided against it.
Instead, he feigned a smile and slipped the phone into the pocket of his suit trouser. "Of course sir. Everything is."
###CHAPTER 74: FORFEITED CORONATION
The throne room was filled to the brim of its capacity. A group of entertainers and dancers performed in the center of the room, while chairs and tables were arranged around them. On each of these tables were the finest of grape fruit, strawberries, cakes, lemonade drinks, wine and champagne in all of Europe.
The event had begun in full swing. Alpha Edward had given his welcome toast, the Luna queen had already read her welcome speech, before the entertainment began. This was the last performance before it would be time for Edward to pass the crown to his son, Lancelot Dankworth.
Members of the Dankworth royal family were seated around one table, all dressed in glamorous attires they had prepared for this occasion. From Madeline, to her husband, to sons and other members of their extended family. Every eye in the room could see that the Dankworth's had prepared for this occasion all their lives.
The hall was filled with dignitaries from all over the continent. Alphas and Lunas of various packs were present. Representatives of different realms; including the witches and the fairies were present, just as they had promised.
Elders of different pack councils, ranging from provincial to regional were present; some with their spouses and children, others alone.
From where he stood, hidden behind dark blue curtains because his mother had insisted that he made sure no one got a glimpse of his face before the crowning ceremony; just in case there were any assassins amongst them, Lancelot peeped at the throne room to watch the dancers, much to his disdain.
He was not a bit interested in dance or entertainment, but it was all he had to keep himself busy since Peter had skillfully avoided any form of verbal or eye contact with him, since this morning. His assistant had snuck out times without number to either pick, or answer a call. It started from the random message this morning, continued while Lancelot had breakfast, while he dressed, and even until he was called from his chambers to be escorted to the throne room. Peter didn't walk beside him, he didn't make side remarks that made Lancelot roll his eyes, even the joy Lancelot had seen in him early this morning was gone.
The only thing that seemed to lurk in Peter's eyes were concern, caution and fear. Lancelot was not so sure what it was, but he was certain Peter was hiding something from him. Lancelot was determined to find out what it was and before he was crowned.
So, as he peeped at the dancers through the linen drapes, he watched from the corner of his eyes as Peter returned and stood by the door of the throne room. It was swamped with guards, who tried to fight reporters and unlicensed photographers away from the event. Lancelot watched Peter carefully. His eyes were fixed on the phone, and they were laddered with the same frightened expression Lancelot had seen all morning. Enough was enough, he thought.
Lancelot stood up straight, adjusting his crown of "princehood" on his head and walked past the swarm of guards until he was inches away from Peter.
Peter seemed to have sensed and heard his footsteps, because immediately he was close enough to reach for the phone, Peter took his eyes away from it and plastered a fake smile on his face. Lancelot could see through the smile like it was a glass door.
"Sir, you should be at the front, getting ready for the precession," Peter spoke up, trying to drift Lancelot's mind away from whatever it was he had been doing. And he could tell from the look on Lancelot's stoic face that he was not buying it. Peter would just have to try harder, or lie better.
"Let me see it," Lancelot growled, with a stern look in his eyes that told Peter he wasn't joking.
His assistant thought it best to string him along for a while. At least, until the trumpet inviting him into the throne room for his precession was sounded. After the coronation, he would tell Lancelot everything; it would only be after the coronation, not even a second before.
"See what sir?"
"What you were looking at. Let me see it, now."
Peter's frightened eyes looked over Lancelot shoulder. He wished the trumpet would just sound right now, so Lancelot could leave and forget about this until it was all over.
"A video of cats dancing? Oh no sir, there is no need to waste your time with..."
Lancelot did not wait for Peter to complete his sentence. The moment he saw Peter drop his guard on the phone, he stretched his hand and snatched it away from him.
Peter's eyes widened in horror as he gasped and tried to reach out for the phone to seize it, but it was too late. Lancelot's grip of the phone had tightened, and his back was turned to him. There was no way Peter could snatch it back without creating a scene.
However, the same thing, or even worse, might happen if Lancelot saw the video.
Lancelot clicked the home button, and his eyes were immediately greeted by the sight of very familiar eyes. But, there was nothing familiar about the horror and defeat in her eyes, the blood dropping from her face, and her broken nose. He was ensnared, there was no way his eyes deceived him even though he wanted jt to.
He stood and watched as Roxanne was being struck on the head and slapped on the face at the same time. Her shirt was torn at the right side, revealing the right side of her cleavage.
She was tied to the chair and whimpering. One man continued to strike her on the head while yelling questions over her head, but Roxanne seemed too weak to answer. Her eyes lost the brightness in them, and she looked like she would drop dead any minute. The second man made it his point of duty to tear her clothes from her body.
Lancelot's jaw hardened, his teeth clenched and his face contorted with rage.
*******
"Poor Juliet, let's see how long it will take your Romeo to come find you. Or if he will at all! Once we get word that his coronation is over, you're of no use to us."
Lancelot shot Peter a hostile glare, one that sent his back crashing with the hard wall. Lancelot took few steps forward, covering the distance between them. His eyes were fuming with rage and for the first time ever, Peter saw a faint resemblance of fear in Lancelot's eyes.
"What is the meaning of this?"
"I... I was going to tell you sir, believe me."
"After she was dead?!" Lancelot cried out loud, between his clenched teeth.
Peter shook his head vehemently.
"I needed that wait for your coronation to end. I summoned hunters, they are searching London for her right now. She couldn't have been taken far away from the city..."
"Bullshit!" Lancelot barked, and Peter shut his eyes in fear.
"Everyone is seated here, Your Grace. If you walk out of this coronation now, the damage would be unfixable. And your mother would have my head!" Peter had to try to reason with him. If Lancelot abandoned his coronation today, it would be the end of everything.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
In that moment, the trumpet signifying the start of his precession was sounded. He could hear chairs shuffle on the ground as people in the throne room rose to their feet. None of that mattered to him. Not now, when the woman he had sworn to protect his mate was helpless in the hands of men who had sworn to kill her the second he was crowned.
The crown, and everything it stood for, could burn to ashes.
"Your head is all hers," he spat, before turning on his heels and dashing out of the throne room. Molten rage rolled through him as flashes of the video he had watched went through his mind. Anger pricked his flesh, causing all the hairs on his body to stand. Lancelot rid himself of the cape, and didn't care when his onyx crown fell to the ground. His blood ran cold, and his lips quivered in fear and anger.
He charged towards the guest chambers, with Peter running behind him. When he stood in front of her door, he kicked it open, and the door slid apart immediately. When he stepped in, he realized the room was empty. There was not a sign that she had ever been here.
Panic seized his chest and sent daggers into his ribs. Lancelot fought the urge to grip his chest hard.
He turned towards Peter, who was still trying to catch his breath.
"It's empty."
"Sir..." He paused to breathe, sweat trickled down his forehead from all the running he had done to keep up with Lancelot's fast paced walk.
"You have to return back to the hall. We can fix this before it gets out of hand."
In anger, Lancelot gripped Peter's collar, threatening to choke him.
"Why are her things not here? Did she runaway? Where did she go? What else are you not f*** telling me?!"
"She...was.....sent...to the maid's chambers," Peter spoke in muffled tones.
Sent to the what?! He released Peter's collar and pulled him by the hand.
"Take me to her room, Now!"
"This shouldn't be your concern now sir. I know you care about her, but allow me to handle the situation..."
"I have made that mistake so many times before, I would not do it again," Lancelot sneered at Peter, blinded with rage and clouded with panic. He dragged Peter all the way from the guest chambers to the servant's quarters, and Peter pushed himself to the front to lead Lancelot to Roxanne's room. The quarters was empty as all servants were busy with the coronation.
Immediately he stepped into the room, her familiar lavender scent enveloped his nostrils. It was a proof that she had been here. As he walked in, her scent grew stronger and was irresistible when he stood in front of a broken bunk bed. It had to be hers.
Lancelot looked down and found a box by the side. A black shirt lay on it, and he recognized it as one of hers. Instantly, he picked it up and sniffed all over it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
She was his mate, he could track her scent down from meters away. And that was what he would do. Track her, find her and make those bastards pay with their blood.
He held on to the black shirt and walked out of the room, brushing past Peter who nearly fell to the ground.
"Sir, please. You cannot leave through the front!"
Indeed, he couldn't. He stormed out of the servant's quarters and headed towards the car park. Peter continued to run after his master, hoping that he could stop him just in time for damage control. But it was of no use, he was no match for Lancelot's temper, speed or agility.
If Madeline found out Lancelot was gone...
"Where is he going? Guards, stop him!"
Peter had never thought he would be so relieved to hear the queen's voice. As he turned to the direction of the voice, he saw Madeline standing by the fountain in her royal robe. She must have come out to check on Lancelot once the trumpet sounded and he was nowhere to be found.
Lancelot heard his mother's voice, but ignored it completely. She could have been the one behind this, no one else hated Roxanne enough to do such things to her.
With that anger, he charged towards the royal blue Tesla, opened the door and flung himself into it. Peter stood by the side, trying to open the passenger door, but Lancelot had sealed all the doors from inside.
Madeline stood indignant. She continued to scream and other guards to seize Lancelot, but it was too late. He started the engine and pressed his foot on the accelerator pad, sky rocketing the speed of the car.
He drove past Peter with force that sent him tumbling down to the ground. Lancelot did not look back, he kept his hands on the steering wheel and his eyes narrowed on the road in front of him. He drove towards the back gate of the palace, since the front was impossible to go through.
"Do not open the gates! Block the gates goddamit!" Madeline screamed at the top of her voice.
Eight guards mounted themselves in front of the iron gate, on her command. Lancelot ignored them and hit the accelerator again, the car's speed increased. The guards saw that he wasn't going to stop and fled the gates in scattered directions, fearing for their lives.
In that moment, realizing he only had one shot and getting past this gate and saving Roxanne, he held his foot on to the accelerator, gripped the steering wheel with force. Adrenaline coursed through his veins.
The front of the car burst through the gates, shattering the iron rails to pieces.
His grip lessened. Lancelot's eyes drifted to the black shirt on the seat beside him.
He would find them, and make them pay.
###CHAPTER 75: SO BE IT
He burst through the gate, with no regards for either the gate, or what it did to the front of the car. Lancelot pushed his feet harder against the accelerator, charging up the speed of his car as he drove past the fence of bushes in the palace. A part of his gaze focused on the piece of clothing that would help him find her, while the rest of his gaze was focused on the road. He knew he had to be quick, there was barely anytime left. His heart continued to thunder against the surface of his chest, threatening to pop out of it. He was almost breathless with rage, and pressed the automatic button on his door that took the windows down. The artificial air of the air conditioner was not soothing enough for him. Within him, Ziko was even more restless. His wolf had been growling and pacing about since he found out about Roxanne. The thought of her being tortured sent him spiraling towards the edge, all strings holding his temper back had been severed. When Ziko finally got a hold on the men who had tortured her, he would take great pleasure in licking their blood from the tip of his claws.
Lancelot continued to drive straight ahead, until he was completely out of palace grounds, he took a sharp turn to the right, based on Ziko's orders, after he had approached a T junction.
"Do you really think she is still in this city?" Lancelot asked his wolf. He was trying to be hopeful, but he couldn't shake off the feeling that they might have taken her away from London, or worse still, England. "Focus on the journey Lance, she's still here," Ziko growled, sniffing the air around him.
"If I were the one who took her, I would have taken her faraway from this city."
"Then it's a good thing her captors are not as smart."
Lancelot was going to say something, when Ziko jumped within him. Lancelot pressed his feet to the floor of his car, and tightened his grip on his steering to stop himself from jumping out of the driver's seat. Ziko's hyperactive senses in times of despair could be both an advantage and a disadvantage.
"The bridge!" Ziko snarled.
Lancelot scoffed.
"What?"
"Head towards the bridge! I can feel her, very close."
Lancelot did not need any further instruction. Now that he has been given a direction, he was able to increase his focus and keep his mind on the road. He navigated past a number of slow cars and sped past a traffic light showing "red." Traffic rules and regulations were the last thing on his mind. He drove straight ahead, towards the bridge.
"They're coming," Ziko whispered.
Lancelot's lips thinned in a frown.
"Who's coming?"
"The palace hunters, I can sense them. Five cars, all behind you, a total of ten wolves."
On reflex, Lancelot's brow arched and he scoffed in annoyance. Really? Five cars and a total of ten men? Madeline had really outdone herself this time. And if she was the one responsible for Roxanne's capture... Lancelot did not want to think about it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"They're closing in on you Lance!"
Lancelot risked a glance at his side mirror, he caught sight of two cars by his right, with the Dankworth name on their plate numbers. They were definitely from the palace. He sighed and hit the accelerator would full force, sending him meters away from them. He maintained his speed for a total of seven minutes, awaiting Ziko's voice again. He could feel Roxanne's presence getting stronger.
"Turn left, head towards the narrow road!" Ziko growled within him, and Lancelot listened without any complaints. He tilted his steering wheel to the left, and the car followed suit as he dashed into the narrow road. It was deserted, even though it was the time of the day where cars flocked the road. It was obvious this route was either unknown, or dangerous. Those were the only two reasons people would stay clear of it.
"Straight ahead! I can smell her Lance. Just three kilometers away. The hunters are getting closer every second. Three of them are two cars behind you."
Three kilometers, Lancelot noted to himself, and kept his eyes fixed on the narrow road in front of him. As he drove, his eyes caught sight of a tall warehouse in front of him. The walls looked aged, and the building seemed like it would fall down at any time. Iron barrels, probably empty, surrounded it. Lancelot's eyes couldn't leave the building, neither could he shake off the feeling that Roxanne was in there. Her presence hovered around him, her scent was stronger now, almost as if he could reach out and touch her.
This definitely had to be the place.
"The warehouse!" Ziko snapped, confirming Lancelot's earlier suspicion. "She's in the warehouse..." Ziko paused abruptly, causing Lancelot's eyes to narrow. Ziko only stopped talking when he sensed something strange, or dangerous. "What is it?"
"Diesel," Ziko's voice was a dangerously low tune, it confused Lancelot all the more.
"Diesel, what are you talking about?"
"Can't you smell it? Goddanmit! There's the pungent and familiar smell of petroleum all over her! I think..."
"They're going to burn her." It was both a statement and a question. On that thought, panic seized both man and wolf. Lancelot was overcome with wrath, he continued to speed towards the warehouse, and did not stop, not even when he was barely ten meters away from smashing the front of his car against the barricade of barrels.
"Lancelot, what are you doing?" Ziko scolded his recklessness.
Lancelot clenched his teeth, beads of sweat formed on his forehead as heat emanated from within him. He was smoldered with resentment.
"I'm going to kill them, every one of them."
"The barrels, they may be filled with petroleum! You could burn!"
His left hand found the gear lever, while his right hand remained fixed on the steering wheel.
He clutched the lever, his face contorted with rage as he starred at the warehouse; the barricade of barrels was the only thing separating Roxanne from him. And he was going to tear it down, no matter what.
Lancelot set the gear, and dashed his feet against the accelerator once more.
"So be it."
Without a second thought, he dashed into the barricade.
###CHAPTER 76: KEEPING HIS PROMISE
The empty barrels - which Ziko was grateful for - fell to the ground, making loud sounds, and scattering to the ground around him.
Lancelot couldn't lie, he was relieved to find out the barrels were empty, but even more relieved to know that he was close, very close to her. Despite the harsh smell of petroleum around him, Lancelot could pick her famous lavender scent from the atmosphere of the warehouse. He was sure she was in there, and he was going to get her out.
His car came to a rough halt, turning in a harsh circles and making a loud screeching sound before he turned off the engine, pulled the car door open and jumped out of it.
As expected, the noise from his dramatic and triumphant entry had attracted the attention of Roxanne's captors. Two men, dressed in all black, from head to toe —not leaving out the ski mask covering their faces—ran out of the entrance and charged towards him.
Lancelot could pick up the scent of four men in total. After these two and two others. As they charged towards him, he ran towards them with twice their speed.
Ziko could not be left out of all the fun, Lancelot thought. These men would be no match for him, but it would be more fun to watch Ziko rip their flesh out of their bones and crack their skulls against the ground.
So, as the men ran towards him, both of them holding long iron rods in their hands, Lancelot shifted into his wolf, bringing Ziko to the forefront of the battle.
His wolf stood in front of the two men, in his grey furred glory. The red ring around Ziko's eyes burned with furious flames. He thought about their hands on Roxanne's body, all the pain they had caused her, and how they had insulted him by bringing nothing but iron rods to fight.
He would shred their weapons, then shred them to pieces after that. No, he would tear the both apart, together.
Fear overtook the men once they saw Lancelot swiftly change into a grey and menacing wolf. One of them dropped his weapon and stood still, frozen. While the other continued to run towards Lancelot, even with the weapon shaking in his hands.
Barely three meters away from the man, Ziko jumped and dug his claws into his face, tearing the woolen fabric of the ski mask away from face. He screamed and tumbled on the floor, and Ziko landed on his chest. Horror filled the man's eyes, Ziko leaned into his neck and dug his teeth into it, taking a huge pound of flesh away from him. The man's face contorted as blood oozed out of his neck.
Satisfied, Ziko got off his body and dashed towards the second man. As he watched the wolf eat up his colleague, his limbs grew numb. There was nothing he could do to move or defend himself from the angry animal headed towards him. Ziko did not bother to know the face behind the mask, it wouldn't change the fate of the man, so it was a waste of time. He pounced on him, sending him to the floor just like his colleague. Ziko dug his claws into the man's chest and severed his neck with his teeth. The man screamed out in pain, while his body shook voraciously. Blood splattered out of his neck, like a fountain, and it pleased Ziko to watch.
"The f*** is going on out there?!" Ziko heard a man with a thick Irish accent scream at the top of his voice. He ran on his forelimbs, into the large and dusty warehouse. The sounds of his claws against the concrete ground echoed all over, and Ziko picked up Roxanne's stench from the wooden door at the far end of the open room.
Without second thought, he growled and dashed towards the door, his head crashed against the wooden door and the force broke the hinges apart, sending the door to the ground with a loud thud.
He stood there, panting in rage as he looked around the room.
His eyes brightened and softened when he caught sight of Roxanne tied to a chair. Her shirt had been completely ripped off, leaving her on nothing but the grey sports bra she was putting on. There were bruises all over her face, chest and stomach. Her head was corked to the left side, he could hear her struggling to draw in air, her blood formed a thick cloth at the sides of her face and her once violet and sparkling eyes were now a dead shade of indigo.
His heart and head ran into turmoil on seeing her. Lancelot wanted to come back and rush to her, release her and take her out of here, out of danger. But, Ziko had his suspicions. Finding Roxanne had been too easy, and he had picked out the scent of four men earlier, so where were the remaining two?
As if on cue, Roxanne's dead eyes rose up slowly. Immediately, she locked eyes with the vicious red ones of a grey wolf. But, it wasn't the only beast present in the room, behind him lurked two others; one black and one brown, and they both looked ready to attack him. It felt so familiar, the strong feeling of deja vu hit her. Flashes of the nightmare of wolves came back to her once more, and her eyelids widened in horror as she screamed in pain.
The fear in her eyes and her painful cry jerked her savior wolf back to the present. Ziko's hair stood erect and his ears rose, danger lurked close, very close to him. When Roxanne's eyes shifted from him, to something behind him, Ziko knew exactly what it was. In that moment, he heard two wolves growl behind him.
Powered by anger and fueled with rage, Ziko did a swift 180° turn to face his attackers. It was a move they did not expect, if they had thought they could sneak up on him, then they had a big surprise coming in for them. The black wolf was the first to come for him, and Ziko wasted no time in sending a slap to the wolf's face, scratching his left eye out. The beast growled in pain and staggered back. Ziko found his chance.
Ziko ran, head first into the wolf and hit his rib with his head, sending the wolf down to the floor. Ziko jumped on him immediately, ready to pounce on him and give him the same ending he had given to his colleagues outside. Immediately he leaned into the wolf to take his pound of flesh, the wolf shifted back into his human form. Within Ziko, Lancelot's brow furrowed.
He could recognize the face! It was a guard from the palace, the one who often stood in front of his mother's room.
Madeline...
No, she couldn't have been responsible for this. She might have disliked Roxanne, but she would never...
Ziko growled in pain when he felt sharp claws dig into this back. He jumped off the human and focused on his opponent, a huge black wolf, almost his size. He couldn't help but wonder if this one was also a wolf from the palace. However, there was no time to think. With wrath boiling in his veins, and the terrible feeling of betrayal that clutched his chest, and threatened to rip out his heart, he charged towards the black wolf with his mouth wide open and dug his teeth into the wolf's neck. His opponent tried to fight him off, scratch him off, but it didn't work. Ziko bit deeper and deeper, until the wolf's blood filled his mouth and ran down in large bits.
Ziko let him go and he crashed to the ground, forming a thick pool of blood around him.
He staggered back and turned to Roxanne, her eyes were now bright, but in horror and confusion.
This was too familiar, she had been here before. This wolf, this grey one walking towards her now, was the same one that always rescued her in her dreams. Only, this time, it wasn't a dream. It was happening, right in front of her.
All the painful flashes and thinking was making her dizzy. Slowly, she felt herself slip out of consciousness, her eyelids grew too heavy to keep open. After her futile effort to resist it, she let her eyes close, and was once again greeted by darkness.
Darkness, and the sound of a familiar voice calling her name from a distance. "Lancelot," she thought, before she completely lost herself to the darkness.
###CHAPTER 77: LOVE LIVE THE KING
"Lancelot," her faint voice called. Now in his human form, he turned towards the chair she sat on, and rushed towards her. The ropes around her were now loose, and she was going to fall to the ground. In a flash, Lancelot was there to hold her just in time.
He caught her midair and spooned her in his arms. He sat on the floor and looked over her battered body. His felt a painful squeeze in his heart, and his usual dark eyes softened at the sight of her. She had suffered so much, been through so much, and all because of him. He wished he could take all her pain away, bear all her bruises for her.
As she lay on his body, he held both her arms tightly, as if pleading with her not to go.
"Lancelot..." she continued to whisper in her dazed state. His grip on her hands tightened every time she mentioned his name. He needed her to know that he was with her, he wasn't going anywhere now. Not until she was completely fine. Lancelot heard five cars pull up outside the warehouse. They had to be from the palace, how did they take so long to find him? Lancelot didn't even know if he was grateful for the time they wasted, or not.
Outside the warehouse, Peter dashed out of the car he had drove in and rushed towards the entrance of the building. His hands flew to his mouth to stop him from throwing up right there, in front of all those palace guards. The gory sight of two men whose faces and bodies had almost become unrecognizable-lying in their own pool of blood wasn't what Peter had expected to see.
Then again, Lancelot was incomprehensible and very unpredictable when he was angry. Peter focused on keeping his eyes above the ground, and dodging the blood on the floor at the same time, as he took slow steps into the place. Once again, his nose picked up the harsh smell of blood oozing out from an open door in front of him. He followed his sense of smell to the door.
He took two steps back when he saw a black wolf sprawled on the floor, obviously dead. In front of the wolf, Lancelot sat on the floor with a bruised and unconscious Roxanne in his arms.
"Sir Lancelot!" he called out, and rushed towards his boss. But, on the way, his left eye drifted to a human body on the floor. The man was gravely injured, and his face was oddly familiar.
Peter tried to think, he had definitely seen this man's face somewhere. The puzzle finally arranged itself in his head. He had seen that face in front of the Luna's door. He was the guard who mounted the Luna's door step. He was from the palace!
He froze in his steps, right beside the dead wolf. Could this mean that it was someone from the palace? The queen perhaps? He would just have to get his answers by himself, now that the man was still alive. With the state of his injury, Peter wasn't sure how much longer he would last.
He rushed to the guard and pulled him up by his neck, ignoring the fact that he was stark n***.
"Who put you up to this? Who sent you to kidnap her?" he asked, shaking him vigorously.
The man's eyes were as dead as the rest of the body, he opened his mouth to stutter, and Peter's eyes widened in anticipation. However, just as Peter thought he was about to get real answers, the man passed out in his hold.
Peter g*** in frustration and dropped his neck, allowing his back to fall freely to the ground. He turned to his boss, who still had Roxanne in his arms and rushed to him. There were more important things that they had to focus on right
now.
He tapped Lancelot viciously. He was greeted by cold and angry eyes. Peter would have stepped back if he wasn't so determined to get Lancelot back to the palace. His life's work was at stake!
"Sir, we have to return to the palace now. I brought you extra clothes, we can..."
"I'm not leaving her here," Lancelot growled, even though Peter was visibly shaking with panic.
"I can take care of her, Your Grace. I would take her to the hospital, make sure she's properly treated, but you have to return to the palace immediately."
Take care of her? Lancelot asked himself. He couldn't find it in his heart to trust Peter anymore. If he hadn't seen the message earlier, Roxanne would be dead by now. No, he had to make sure she was fine. "No," he spoke, Peter's heart fell in disappointment.
"I will stay with her until she's safe in the hospital."
"Sir..."
"Call the company doctor immediately. Roxanne must be taken care of, and now."
Peter sighed in defeat and moved closer to Lancelot, in order to help him rise with Roxanne. As Lancelot stood up, he picked Roxanne and carried her in his arms, walking past the alley of dead bodies he had left behind. Peter ordered the guards who accompanied him to clear up the dead bodies, and helped Lancelot get dressed, despite his blood stained body.
They all got into the car, Peter at the driver's seat, and Lancelot behind, holding on to Roxanne firmly.
*******
The Dankworth palace was in a state of pandemonium. The trumpets sounded almost an hour ago, still, Lancelot was nowhere to be found. Madeline had excused herself to find her son, but had returned without him, leaving her husband distraught.
Everyone present in the gathering was confused, except Elizabeth. She knew exactly what had happened. She could still recall running to her mother on the night of Roxanne's kidnap, to cry about it. However, Hermione did not seem so shocked. Confused and scared, Elizabeth had suspected that her mother had something to do with it, and made sure to confront her.
To her greatest surprise, Hermione admitted to being responsible for Roxanne's kidnap, and Elizabeth was everything besides pleased.
"You want to kill her?" she had screamed, stupefied and distraught over her mother's action. However, Hermione had assured her that she was not going to lay a finger on Roxanne's head.
"It's only to distract him from the ceremony, so that Albert, your brother, takes his place," Hermione had said. Although, she detested the idea, Elizabeth was forced to keep her mouth shut. Speaking against her mother and brother would also put her in trouble.
From where she sat, she looked over to her mother and brother. While Albert sat still, just like James, Hermione continued to pace about dramatically. Feigning concern for Madeline and Edward.
She looked around the room once more. The elders were growing impatient. Some of them complained out loud to Edward, while some of them murmured in their seats. Even the delegates of other supernatural realms did not seem pleased by the delay. The Alpha King was in dismay, lines of his old age were once again evident on his forehead.
"Please my elders, just wait for a few more minutes. He would be back in no time."
"A few minutes? With all due respect Alpha Edward, it has been almost an hour! And no one has said anything! If he is not interested in being crowned, then he should have just told us!" an elder cried out.
"Yes!"
"Exactly!"
Edward already felt weak, his Luna held on to his arms for support, but he did not know what else to do.
"We have to leave now, Alpha. This was all a waste of time," another elder spoke up. Garrett himself did not look pleased at all.
Elizabeth watched everyone with keen interest. Had her mother's plan to disrupt Lancelot's coronation really worked? Tension was building up in the room, everyone seemed restless.
A majority of the elders stood up to leave, when a female voice thundered all over the room.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"You would all be silent and sit down immediately."
The whole room fell into grave silence, if a pin dropped on the floor at that moment, it could be heard. All eyes turned to the direction of the speaker.
An elderly woman, with white flowing hair and bright eyes sat still in a chair. Though she did not scream, her voice was heard around every corner of the room and seemed to freeze everyone. Edward was in awe of her ability to command men so subtly.
Those who knew her, recognized her as Athaliah, the famous prophetess of the witch kingdom.
When Athaliah was certain she had stolen the eyes and ears of everyone in the room, she spoke up.
"But, if you must leave. You must know that your presence, or absence would not change what would happen here today. Lancelot was born to be Alpha King, and nothing would change that. Not even if this coronation is not held today."
Her revelation sent shock into the spines of everyone present. How could she say Lancelot was born to be Alpha King, when he wasn't the first pup? However, no one dared to speak up, or question her. Athaliah leaned into her chair, without a care in the world.
"He has gone to fulfill a promise, and he would be back. Relax, your Alpha King is coming."
Heads turned and mouths opened to murmur, but they were all silenced by the sound of the trumpets, signifying Lancelot's precession once more.
Puzzled and surprised, all eyes turned to the direction of the entrance to the throne room, wondering what the trumpeters had seen, that had caused them to blow.
Just in time, the doors flung open, and he took two bold steps into the room.
Gasps, murmurs and chatters filled the room instantly.
From where she sat, Athaliah's lips spread out in a thin smile.
"Long live the king," she thought to herself.
###CHAPTER 78: EVERYTHING SUDDENLY MADE SENSE
Elizabeth gasped when she saw Lancelot push open the doors of the throne room. She watched as he stepped inside with so much confidence and a carefree aura. He walked in as though he did not just keep hundreds of esteemed royalties waiting.
He walked in as if he did not know that his hands and face were stained with blood. Still, there was something extremely chivalrous about him. Despite the blood on his chiseled jaw, his blue eyes still sparkled in their dark and sexual allure. His dark blonde hair was disheveled, some strands falling to his forehead. The black and long winter jacket he had on accentuated the broadness of his shoulders. Walking into the room now, he was as handsome and s*** as he always ways, the blood only made him more dangerous.
And Elizabeth loved it! If only he wasn't her cousin, she thought, as she drooled over him. Even if he was her cousin, she would have definitely found a way for the both of them to be together, if his silly betrothed and chosen mate, Ava, was not in the way. She wished her mother would work on exterminating Ava, instead of preying on poor and weak Roxanne, the human who was hundred percent clueless about everything.
On seeing her son match into the room, just in time to fix the damage he had caused, Madeline's grip on her husband lessened. She felt herself become light with relief, so light that she could slip and fall. Beside Edward, Ava sighed with relief. She was beginning to think Lancelot would be denied his position as Alpha King, if that happened, it meant she would lose everything she had trained all her life for. She was going to rush towards him and embrace him, but Edward drew her back.
Something was different about his son, he noted. Besides the blood and the roughness, there was another feeling in Lancelot's eyes that Edward could not get a hold of. He knew it would be dangerous for anyone to approach him in his current mood.
Lancelot did not look at anyone's face. He did not care, and he would not give anyone the impression that he did. He walked straight to the middle of the room, where he was to be crowned, and said nothing to anyone.
The trumpeters concluded their play and Edward signaled for the kingmakers to rise. The seven elderly men rose up, walked to the center, right beside Lancelot.
"My elders, esteemed guests and royalties all present. I cannot thank you enough for being patient with I and my family on this very auspicious celebration. I must apologize for the delay and the unconventional turn of events, but... We are now ready to do that which we gathered here for," Edward spoke up, walking into the circle, and standing beside Lancelot as he addressed the crowd.
"It is with great joy in my heart, that I hand my crown over to my son, Lancelot Dankworth. And to that, I would love to invite a special guest of my kingdom, Athaliah the second."
Athaliah's eyes met with Edward's and she nodded in approval.
"Would you please, do me the honors?"
With a proud smile on her face, Athaliah rose up from her seat, and walked in her flowing black robe, a perfect contrast to her flowing white hair.
She walked past the crowd until she was standing in front of Edward and his son. She bowed in courtesy to the Alpha King and Edward bowed as well.
Athaliah placed her hand on Edward's head, took off his crown, and showed it to the crowd.
"It is with great honor, that I, Athaliah the second, of the kingdom of witches, crowns Lancelot Dankworth of London Pride pack, Alpha King of London Pride pack," she proclaimed, before placing the crown on Lancelot's head.
The crowd erupted in cheers. Lancelot's eyes danced around shortly. Whoever had kidnapped Roxanne was presents here, and did not want him to be present. So, he had to watch faces, to note who was not pleased with his sudden arrival. Soon, everyone bowed to him as cheers filled the room.
"Long live the Alpha King!"
"Long live Alpha Lancelot!"
Athaliah looked up at Lancelot's blank face and smiled.
"Sometimes, the right choice isn't always what makes us happy. Most times, what makes us happy isn't a choice at all. But, it is always our choice to choose happiness."
Lancelot stayed quiet, he understood what she was talking about.
Alas, he had gone past this phase.
The coronation ceremony ended with Madeline announcing the after party in their garden, where his coronation ritual was going to take place as well.
Lancelot rushed to his chambers the second he was excused, without speaking to anybody. He s*** himself of his blood stained clothes and took a cold bath. With every moment, he thought about Roxanne and could not wait to get to her. After scrubbing himself in the shower, he stepped out and threw on a casual pair of trousers and plain shirt.
He picked up his car key and phone from his dressing table, and was ready to leave when his door flung open. To his dismay, his mother and father rushed into the room. Madeline was distressed, while Edward's face held no emotions. "Lancelot!" Madeline cried out, rushing to her son and gripping the hem of his shirt.
"Where were you? Where did you go? How could you be so irresponsible as to walk out of your coronation like that? You could have caused us everything! Everything!"
Lancelot looked down at his mother with disdain, and a tight jaw. Right now, she was the last person he wanted to speak to. One of her guards was present at the warehouse, it could only mean Madeline was connected to Roxanne's torture one way or another. And he wanted nothing to do with her.
"I do not have time for this mother, I have somewhere to be."
"Where else could be more important than your own coronation Lancelot? The moon ritual would be upon us soon, and you know what would happen if you're not present! I cannot let you leave here Lancelot, I cannot!" Madeline cried out in with a stern look on her face.
Lancelot looked down at the spot where she held his shirt and pulled her hands away from him with force. Madeline was forced to take few steps backwards, she could not believe Lancelot had pushed her away like that. Something was definitely not right.
He did not look at her again, he simply matched forward and was about to walk past his father, but Edward caught his left wrist, stopping him from moving further.
Lancelot g***, not sparing his father a glance.
"Father, you have to let me go."
"I would let you do as you wish, I always have. But you must understand that your mother and I deserve nothing but the truth. Your coronation ritual starts by 11pm, and Albert takes your place if you are absent. We do not want that to happen, and you must remember it."
Lancelot spared his father a short glance, knowing that he wasn't joking.
"I promise to be back before eleven, father."
"Don't listen to him Edward!" Madeline cried out. But Edward let go of Lancelot's hand, and freed him.
Lancelot dashed into the corridor, down the flight of stairs, out of the palace and into the car park. He texted Peter to meet him at the hospital Roxanne was in and drove madly out of the palace. He had to get there as soon as possible. When he did, he rushed out of his car and dashed into the reception, asking to be taken to Roxanne's room. The nurses recognized him and attended to him immediately, he was shown to Roxanne's room.
Pain clutched his chest the second he saw her sprawled on her bed, with bandages from her head to her toe. Only her eyes and nose were free of bandages. Her body had been terribly bruised, and it only hurt him more to see her like this. As he sat by her side, a doctor walked in.
"Your Grace," the doctor greeted with a bow, but Lancelot didn't reply.
The doctor sighed heavily.
"We would do our best for her sir."
"I do not want even a scratch to remain on her skin, do you understand me?" His tone caused the doctor to grovel in fear.
"Yes sir, I do understand. However, she is not a werewolf, and her healing process would take much more time since she is human. There's a lot you must know sir."
Lancelot looked away from Roxanne and stared up at the doctor. He really didn't need any more bad news.
"What is it?"
Nervous, the doctor took one last look at Roxanne, before focusing on Lancelot. He, himself, did not understand how to break the news to the Alpha King.
"Besides her bruises, we have checked for internal injuries, and have found some. Certain bones in her body have been dilapidated, but it's nothing physiotherapy can't fix...but, I was surprised to find out that the baby..."
Lancelot picked up the sound of heels walking towards him. Defensively, he rose up, cutting the doctor's sentence short and turned to the door, ready to punch whoever it was that walked through the door, if it was to hurt Roxanne.
He was taken by surprise. When the door opened, his therapist Doctor Flinn, was standing in front of the door. She took one short look at Lancelot, then at Roxanne, then ran towards him. Before Lancelot could move, Doctor Flinn engulfed him in the tightest embrace he had ever been in.
"I'm so glad you're okay Lance."
Stunned, he could not find it in him to embrace her as well.
"How did you know I was here?"
"Your mother called me this morning. She sounded distressed, and asked me if I had seen you. I told her I had not, but she didn't believe me. Anxious, I tried to reach Peter several times, until he finally answered me this evening and told me where you were."
"Why did my mother call you when she asked me to stop seeing you?" Lancelot asked, when Flinn released him from her embrace.
She sighed and placed her hand on her waist.
"Same question I asked her. But, it seemed she was more concerned about having you go back to collect your crown than answering my questions."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot scoffed, it was very typical of his mother.
"I'm just glad you're alright," Flinn spoke up again, deep care and concern laddered in her gaze.
Lancelot opened his mouth to say something, but a pleasant familiar voice was faster.
"Your Grace!"
Lancelot turned swiftly on hearing the voice. Beside Peter, Butler Lee stood lean and tall, his eyes teary, even though the tears didn't drop.
Lancelot's gaze softened.
"Lee," he called out, breathless.
Lee rushed towards him, pushed past Flinn and embraced Lancelot once more. Lancelot couldn't help but smile, and let out a chuckle.
"I'm so glad you're alright boy. I was extremely worried about you."
"You bother yourself too much," Lancelot replied, and Lee smacked him hard against his back.
Lancelot winced and chuckled once more.
"She's in a bad place," Flinn spoke up, looking down at Roxanne.
Lancelot's eyes returned to Roxanne's body, and fury sparked up in him once more. His eyes darkened as he looked down at her.
"I have to find whoever did this to her, I have to make them pay," Lancelot spoke, his words slipped out through his clenched teeth, the veins on his forehead protruded.
"You're so worried about her," Lee cut in, looking over Lancelot's expression. He could tell there was something more to what Lancelot had told any of them, there had to be. There was no way he could be this worked up for his secretary. "He has to be, she's his mate," Peter spoke up, from the foot of the door.
Lee's eyes locked with Lancelot's and Doctor Flinn stared at Peter in disbelief.
Everything suddenly made sense.
###CHAPTER 79: AVA RELISH
"He has to be, she's his mate." As each word settled on her ears, her heart broke into large pieces, and fell to the ground, shattering into smaller pieces. She stood at the door, still with her ears pressed to it, waiting for Lancelot to deny the accusation.
He was the Alpha King of London Pride pack, there was no way a lowlife human could be his mate! No, the goddess couldn't have been that stupid. She waited and waited, but Lancelot said nothing to deny what Peter had just said. She heard the butler speak up.
"That makes a lot of sense. I always knew there was something going on between you two, right from the second you introduced her as your...secretary."
Yes. That was what Lancelot had made everybody believe. He had lied to his entire family to keep the human here, close to him. By the goddess! It all made sense now, how could she be so stupid?!
All those times he had carried her along, kept her close to his side, he had even gone on his four days expedition with her. All of those were just excuses to keep her close to him!
Several degrees from different prestigious universities around the world, and yet, Lancelot was able to play her for a fool. She had allowed all the signs to pass her by, blinded herself to all the signals. Of course, she had always known something was wrong with the human woman, but she had never imagined that she would be Lancelot's mate.
The both of them had this planned?!
Beads of sweat formed and trickled down her forehead. Her palms became damp with sweat, and her stomach curled in a tight knot. Ava did not understand exactly she was feeling. It was something between anger, confusion, hurt and betrayal, or a mixture of them all. This revelation had flung her into a state of emotional crisis.
After seeing Lancelot's rather dramatic entry into the throne room, she promised herself to make sure she got to the bottom and found out whatever secrets he was hiding. She knew he would leave the palace soon after the coronation, his mind seemed distant all through, like he didn't care what was going on.
So, immediately the coronation was over, she rushed to the car park and hid among the bushes, hoping that he'll come. At first, it seemed as though he wasn't going to leave the palace. She had stood for almost an hour, and was just about to give up, when she saw Lancelot hurry towards his black Tesla.
She hid carefully and watched him start his engine. Immediately, she rushed into her red Toyota and started the engine, making sure she followed his trail carefully. She got to the hospital the same time he did, but knew it would be risky to follow him behind directly, so, she waited, and patiently. She sat in the waiting room and masked her face with oversized sunshades. Ava counted the seconds as she sat down, and when she finally decided to stand up, Peter, the Butler from the palace and a strange woman she had never seen before, rushed into the hospital, side by side.
So, she decided to follow them closely. Until they finally got to the door of the VVIP hospital ward, where she stood right now, listening to the most devastating news of her entire life.
"What are you going to do now? This is a really big news, how do you intend to handle it?" the feminine voice spoke up, it had to be the strange woman from earlier.
"I intend to keep it a secret, at least for now." It was Lancelot's voice she heard next. Ava had to cover her mouth to stop her from scoffing aloud. She was so bitter, she feared that if she made even the slightest noise, she could be heard. "This must not leave this room, I beg of you," Lancelot could be heard pleading with them.
Within her, Ava chuckled bitterly. Too late Lancelot, it had already, she thought to herself.
"You have our word, Your Grace. We would not speak of this outside," she heard the butler say.
Fools! All of them, each and everyone of them were fools for thinking they could mess with her for so long. She would show them, each and everyone of them.
Ava could not stand there and listen to more of what any of them had to say. She was already at her limit, if she heard one more word from any of them, she might just step into that room and strangle the b*** lying on that bed. She turned on her heels and dashed out of the hospital corridor. She did not look back or even say a word to anybody until she was in the safety of her car. Finally, she could scream and punch her steering wheel as much as she wanted to. Ava g*** in anger and b*** her fist against her steering wheel, while screaming at the top of her voice. She continued to do this until she felt calm enough to drive, before she put her car on ignition and drove off, back to the palace. Her eyes narrowed on the road, with fury. She had to do something about that Roxanne girl, and she had to do it fast. There was no way she was letting a mere scrawny human get in the way of what she had worked so hard for all her life, she was born to be Luna queen, and nobody was going to ruin that for her.
Her grip on her steering wheel tightened. Absolutely nobody.
When she arrived at the palace, she alighted from her car and walked straight into the palace building. She was going to meet the one person who could make her nightmare go away; Madeline. But first, she needed to know if the new queen dowager was on her side.
As she stepped into the palace, a group of girls-childhood friends from high school and college, all daughters of lords and dukes, rushed to her. Cheering her on with the congratulations, she would soon be the Luna queen after all, right? Ava could not imagine how they would make mockery of her if they found out Lancelot didn't want her. Their chastisement would be worse than their adoration and praises, she knew this because she knew they all envied her, and the position she was lucky to have gotten.
Her name could not crumble into pieces for anything.
Ava finally found a way to excuse herself and push past them, heading straight for the stairs that led to the series of royal rooms. She was lucky to find the corridor empty, which meant she couldn't be caught transferring her aggression to anyone, it was not a very good look for a Luna-to-be. Especially not on the day of her Alpha King's coronation.
She walked straight towards the queen dowager's door and didn't stop - not even to think - until she was in front of it, knocking steadily.
Finally, she heard the queen's voice call out for her to come in. Wasting no time, she pushed the door open, and walked in. She tried to appear steady, even though her legs were shaking in anger.
Madeline turned her face towards the door, hoping it was Lancelot who had returned or someone who bore message of Lancelot's return. Instead, she saw her future daughter-in-law, mounted at the front of her door with a displeased look on her face.
The elderly woman took few steps away from her window, which she had been staring at, and moved closer to Ava. She took one long look at her, before speaking.
"Ava child, are you alright?"
No. She was far from alright. Ava thought. But, she couldn't hit the queen with all the painful facts yet, it might complicate matters for her. If Ava was going to be successful, she was going to have to think things through thoroughly, and operate by taking one step at a time, always.
So, she kept a straight face and bowed to the queen dowager.
"Yes, Your Highness. However, I come baring news of Lancelot's previous, and current whereabouts."
Madeline's eyes lit up with sudden and immediate interest. She had been dying to know what had warranted Lancelot to walk out of his coronation ceremony, without a single care.
Madeline cleared her throat and straightened her stance, trying to hide her eager curiosity.
"Speak child," she ordered, and Ava rose up her head.
Ava had to tell Madeline what was going on, she knew Madeline would be able to solve the problem; their problem.
"His highness left the coronation earlier, and has taken no heed to the rituals coming up, because he is with the human woman, Roxanne Harvey, the one he introduced to us as his Secretary." Even as she mentioned it now, pain continued to squeeze her heart within her chest.
In that instant, Madeline froze in anger.
The human woman? Again!
This was it, that lady just had to go, or she would end up being the end of them all.
###CHAPTER 80: SHE'S CARRYING MY PUP
After promising Lancelot that neither of them would speak about all that they had heard, and seen in the room today, both Lee and Doctor Flinn believed it was time for them to take their leave.
"I must be going now sir, I would not want the queen to search for me. She would think that I supported your unruly behavior towards the crown," Lee spoke, sending Lancelot a wink, just to ease the tension in the room. Lancelot managed to chuckle, butler Lee had always had his way with words. The man knew how to bring life out of every dead situation, and make everyone share in his joy. Lancelot considered himself blessed to have him in his life. "And I as well, I do have grandchildren to return to," Flinn spoke up, casting a knowing smile at Lancelot.
Lancelot's eyes moved from Lee to Flinn continuously.
"So, you two ganged up on me huh? Came together and now you're leaving together." As he spoke, everyone laughed.
"It's nothing like that, you're with the one you care about, it is time we return to the ones we care about too...you're one of them, but you know what I'm saying," Flinn replied, while still laughing.
"And I have a job I care about," Lee added, throwing his head back in laughter.
When all their daughters dissolved, Lancelot granted them permission to leave, and watched as they did.
The only ones who remained in the room were Roxanne, Peter, him, Lee and the hospital doctor.
After taking another look at Roxanne, the doctor excused himself out of the room, but Lancelot called him back.
"Sir?" he asked, looking up at Lancelot with an uncertain look on his face. The Alpha King's eyes scrutinized the doctor's lean frame, before speaking up.
"You were saying something earlier, before my visitors came in. I would like you to finish your statement," Lancelot spoke, in a dangerously hush tone.
Doctor Matthias cleared his throat and adjusted the collar of his laboratory coat before looking Lancelot straight in the eyes. He had to inform him of the severity and complexity of the situation, and also make sure he understands everything. "As I was saying earlier, I was quite surprised that the baby did not suffer great casualties, such as death, but that does not mean..."
The rest of the doctor's statement blurred out of Lancelot's mind, once he heard the word 'baby.'
His brows squinted in confusion, and for the first time in a very long time, Lancelot was dumbstruck, speechless, and at a loss for both words and actions.
What the hell did the doctor mean by "the baby"? What was he even talking about? Roxanne was pregnant?
Lancelot's eyes drifted to Roxanne, who lay on the bed, with an oxygen mask strapped to her nose. This was so much to take in, even for him. He blinked sporadically, fighting to keep his head and his thoughts in the present. "...however, once she is awake, we would make sure to carry out scans just to make sure the baby is healthy. Although, it would be difficult seeing as the fetus is barely eight weeks old. But, with our expert technology and..." Barely two months old? Lancelot thought again. It dawned on him all of a sudden. The night of her sister's wedding! The night they had shared, the one he marked her in. It all made sense now, the baby she was carrying was his.
Why didn't she know since? And if she did, why didn't she tell him?
"...I assure you sir, I would do everything within my medical power to make sure that both mother and child survive this unscarred," the doctor spoke again, bowing to Lancelot.
"You had better," was all Lancelot managed to say. Not surprised by his fairly hostile reaction, the doctor excused himself from the room once again, and Lancelot was left to stare at Roxanne's stomach, continuously. "This complicates everything, Your Grace."
Lancelot shrugged on hearing Peter speak. He wondered why and how his assistant was able to read his thoughts all the time.
"She's carrying my pup," Lancelot spoke up. It felt so surreal to him, like he was dreaming. He had never imagined that Roxanne would be carrying his pup. He had put the poor thing in danger all this while without knowing it. By the goddess! The baby wasn't even here yet, and he was already being a bad parent.
"That's not the problem sir. Everything is heated, everywhere is on fire. The palace, how do you explain this to the royal house?"
"I am Alpha Lancelot now, I believe London Pride pack is mine."
"Not if you don't arrive at the palace before 11pm," Peter cut in, harsher than he had intended to sound. For the sole reason that Lancelot knew he was right, he allowed his assistant's behavior slide. Everyone was hanging by a thin thread now, it was only natural Peter's snaps before his.
He stole a glance at the analogue clock on the room wall, it was already 10:15pm. He had to return to the palace as soon as possible.
But before that, he had to make sure that Roxanne was safe and properly taken care of.
He turned to Peter before speaking.
"Get in touch with her friend from New York, the one who escorted her to the airport, I can't seem to remember her name."
"Emily," Peter spoke up, and Lancelot sighed.
"Yes, Emily. Make sure that she is here first thing tomorrow morning, we would cover the cost of flight and ticket, and I need her to be with Roxanne as soon as possible." She's the only one he trusted with Roxanne. Although Peter had been loyal to him for three years, it now seemed as though his assistant was more loyal to the crown, than he was to Lancelot Dankworth, and Lancelot did not like that.
"Yes sir." Peter nodded.
"You'll hurry back to the palace and get her clothes and all necessary items. She would not be returning to the palace until I'm able to get everything under control," Lancelot ordered again. Within him, Peter fought the urge to shrug his shoulders.
Put everything in order? That would take a while, he thought. But, he knew better than to voice such thoughts. So, he bowed in adherence once more.
"I would do all that you've asked sir."
"Good, leave now."
Peter didn't ask any more questions, not even how or when Lancelot would return to the palace. If Lancelot didn't care about his crown, why should he be the one to beat himself up about it?
As he walked down the corridor of hospital rooms, soaked with the smell of bleach and antiseptic and painted with a very pale shade of sky-blue, he tucked his hand into his back pocket and drew out his phone.
Luckily, he had saved Emily's number as one of Roxanne's next-of-kin, should anything happen to her. He searched for her number in her phone and dialed it. It rung for about twenty seconds, before he heard a seemingly breathless voice at the end of the phone.
"Hello?"
"Am I on to Emily?" he asked, still walking swiftly.
"Yes, you are. And you are?"
"Peter Robertson, from Dankworth group of Companies..."
"Where Roxy works!" he heard her cut in once more. Already exhausted from the day's activities, Peter sighed.
"Yes, exactly."
"Is everything okay? Is Roxanne fine? We haven't spoken in a while and..."
"She was involved in an accident, a severe one." At that point, he was too tired think of better ways to tell Emily about what had happened, she would just have to make do with his explanation, until she arrived and got the truth. "What?" It was both a question and an exclamation, but Peter treated it as only the former.
"She was involved in an accident, but she is out of serious danger. We would need you here in London first thing tomorrow morning. All costs for your flight would be covered by us, and we apologize for the inconvenience this news might have caused." Even Peter found it faintly amusing how he could be so formal in a time like this. He did not have the strength to be anything else.
"We would make sure that..." he continued, but Emily's hurt and urgent voice cut in.
"I don't care what you do, but make sure you are at London airport to pick me up by 11 am sharp."
Before Peter could reply, he heard the call end. He signed and slipped it back into his pocket before heading for his car. Butler Lee must have taken a ride from Doctor Flinn back to the palace, he thought.
He entered into his car, took one long look at the hospital building, before starting his engine and driving off. He maintained a certain speed until he arrived at the palace. He parked his car in the car park and hurried into the servant's quarters, located Roxanne's room with slight ease.
Peter wasn't sure exactly what to pack, so he carried her box and walked out of the room. The maids around stared at him with questions in their eyes, even the head maid, Marilyn, tried to stop him at the entrance door, but one furious stare from Peter made her rethink her decision, and she moved past, allowing him to walk freely.
He pulled the box along, until he got back to the car park. When he located his blue Venza, he opened the trunk of the car and safely tucked Roxanne's luggage inside. When he was done, he closed it and made his way to the driver's seat.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
However, it seemed like he was not the only one present in the car park, as he thought. As soon as Peter closed his driver's seat door, the door beside him opened, and a very familiar figure crawled into the seat beside him. She casually flashed him a smile, her gorgeous and charming smile that had his heart tumbling the first time he saw it.
His heartbeat quickened, and suddenly, his tension and anger seemed to dissolve into a puddle of sweat on his face.
Peter stared at her, confused and unsure of what to think, or what to do next. What was she doing in his car? What was he to say to her? He did not even realized that his mouth was ajar until Queen Hera, second wife of King Ahab, king of the witches, spoke to him.
"Why stare at me as though you've seen a ghost?" she asked, still smiling. Peter shook his head in excitement and managed to close his mouth.
Perhaps, he had seen a ghost after all.
"Listen, I didn't come here for this boring coronation, alright? I just need you to take me to a bar, where I can have good drinks and listen to good jazz. I have absolutely missed brandy," she spoke to him as though she had more in mind than drinks and dance, and Peter was carried away in the thought for a brief second, before he snapped himself out of it.
"I would really love to, Your Highness, but with the situation on ground..."
"Does this situation have anything to do with Alpha Lancelot's human mate?" she asked again, with her subtle voice.
Peter froze in shock as he stared at her. He did not know that she knew about Roxanne. Just how many people knew and kept it to themselves?
However, Hera wasn't sure, she had only made a wild guess after piecing bits and pieces of Athaliah's conversation with Lancelot in their courtroom. But, the look on Peter's face had just confirmed it was true. How very...interesting, she thought.
Perhaps, this coronation festivities wouldn't be as boring as she had earlier presumed.
"Look," she finally spoke, placing a hand on Peter's thigh, in order to unfreeze him. And it worked, because in split seconds, Peter's senses were wide awake, and very responsive to her touch.
"I do not really care or mind whatever is going on. I just want a drink. So, would you grant a poor alcohol starved queen's wish?"
Like hell! If she continued to speak to him like that, or touch him like that, he would grant whatever wish she made.
He couldn't let her see that, even though it was very obvious to Hera. He cleared his throat and sat up, to regain his posture and stance.
"Very well then, but would have to wait in the car until I'm done with my assignment."
Hera flashed him a cornered smile and withdrew her hand from his thigh, settling into her seat.
"I assure you that would not be a problem."
###CHAPTER 82: EVEN WITHOUT KNOWING
He took one short look at Hera, before fixing his eyes on his steering wheel and turning his key in the ignition. Peter's nerves were eating him up from inside. He did not know what to say, or even what to do around her. Hera did not make it any easier. She sat in her chair and nodded along to the faint sound of music from his stereo, with her eyes fixed on the mirror of her glass.
The air conditioner was turned on, and the temperature of the car was very low. Still, Peter's sweat did not dry on his face. As long as Hera was beside him, so close that he could stretch his hand out and place it on her thigh. He took the turn on the road that led to the hospital and tried his best to keep his eyes off Hera and her beautiful lashes.
Finally, he turned the car into the driveway of the hospital, and pulled over in a free parking space. He stayed quiet and watched as Hera's eyes danced around. As if she had not expected them to get to the hospital so quickly. "Wow," she said aloud, her eyes now fixed outside her window.
"Dankworth hospital huh?" Hera asked, an impressed smile formed on her lips. Peter chuckled and spoke.
"Here you have it." He turned away from her, ready to open his car door and jump out to fulfill his assignment for the night. A thought suddenly crossed his mind and he turned briskly to her. Hera moved backwards on reflex, after seeing the speed he used to face her.
Peter wanted to slap himself across the cheek, wondering why he had been so fierce.
"Your Highness, I would need you to remain in the car no matter what," Peter spoke, with a pleading tone in his voice. It was already dark, if Hera wandered about and got lost, it would be on him, and Peter had had enough trouble for one night.
"No matter what?" Hera asked, a brow raised in amusement.
Peter was forced to gulp down his breath. By the goddess, she was so beautiful it was almost painful to look at her. Realizing he had stared for seconds too long, he focused his eyes on top of her shoulders and feigned a frown. "Yes."
When he spoke, Hera's eyes sparkled. So far, the young man had done nothing but impress her. Even now that he gave her powers due credit, it pleased her all the more. She lay back into the chair and crossed both hands on top her legs. Quickly, he stepped out of the car, closed the door behind him and headed straight for the trunk. He picked out Roxanne's box after opening the truck and continued to walk, past the reception and hallways, before getting to her ward. Lancelot was still seated by Roxanne's side. Peter would have smiled at the image if it had been under different circumstances. But, now, Lancelot's place on his throne was being threatened, and it was now he had decided to show affection towards Roxanne.
Peter didn't allow himself to think about it too much. He simply rolled the box to the free side of Roxanne's bed and dropped it there.
Lancelot only acknowledged his presence after he stopped hearing the sound of the box's tyres roll on the ground.
"Did you get everything?" he asked, looking up at his assistant. Peter had been very distant since this morning, during the coronation.
"Yes," Peter replied curtly, and stole one look at the clock in the room again. There was barely an hour left until Lancelot's coronation ritual, and he was still here!
"Your Grace," Peter spoke up, his head still bowed.
"Yes?"
"Your coronation ritual is still by eleven pm..."
"Peter..." Lancelot cut in, but Peter's voice was faster.
"I need you to promise me, sir."
The look on Peter's face was unlike anything Lancelot had ever seen. His gleeful demeanor was gone, and 'ever cheerful' Peter was now the gloomier one of them both. He had seen a lot today, it must have been what made him so cold. Lancelot sighed.
"I promise."
For the first time since this morning, a smile crept up to Peter's face and caused his eyes to glitter once more. Within him, Lancelot was pleased to see him back to his usual self, even if it didn't last long.
Just then, Peter remembered the woman in his car. He had kept her waiting enough, it was time to leave.
"I must leave now sir."
"To where?" Lancelot's voice ordered.
Peter thought for a while, he would have to plan a well-crafted lie. Lancelot could not find out about Hera, his response would not be good.
"I have some personal errands to run. There are some things I need to get for myself." As he spoke, he did his best to look at Lancelot, so there would be no room to doubt him.
Of course, Lancelot was very skeptical, he watched Peter's eyes in scrutiny, but excused him anyway. The man had been through enough already.
Peter was dismissed with a nod, and he turned on his heels and hurried out of the door. He briskly walked past the corridor of rooms and hurried out of the reception.
When he finally got to his car, he pulled the door open and slipped in, falling into his chair with a loud sigh.
"Well, someone seems to be quite exhausted," he heard Hera speak. He had no doubt she referred to him, but he was even too tired to give her a matching witty reply.
All he could say was "you have no idea." And even that came out as a murmur.
"I am still getting the drinks you promised, aren't I?" Hera asked, cutting into his line of thoughts.
Her question caused him to sit up immediately.
"Of course, of course."
He started the engine of his car and drove out of the car park of the hospital. There was a bar nearby, Peter thought. He would take Hera there, he couldn't risk going too far from the hospital, just in case Lancelot needed him for an emergency, any kind at all.
After driving in silence and tension for seven minutes, he parked in front of a jazz bar, with dim green lights shining around it. He watched Hera as she peeked from his window, at the small building.
"Looks like a place you come to hide," she finally commented. It took Peter every iota of self-control in him to stop him from throwing his head back in laughter. But, he had better cards up his sleeves.
"Isn't that what you're doing?" he asked, keeping his eyes on her. Hera took her focus off the building, and rested it on the young man beside her. Watching him stare at her now, Hera noticed how the delicate features of his face she had been the first time they met, had hardened. Now, he looked fiercer and more dangerous. And Hera adored danger. That was why she was out here in the first place.
"I don't hide from anybody," she snapped, causing Peter to chuckle.
"Your call. Shall we?" He smiled at her as he spoke.
Hera chuckled while she shook her head and opened her door, without answering him.
Peter did so as well, and stood by his side of the car, until she walked over to meet him.
Peter looked over her face, she snatched away his chance at admiring her by turning away. Without saying a word to him, she walked into the bar without even a second glance at him. Peter was left to stare at her as she catwalked. The black dress she wore clung to her skin, accentuating all her curves placed in the right places.
He quickly snapped out of his thoughts and followed her behind.
American R&B songs blasted from speakers all over the bar, and Hera slowly moved her waist to the intoxicating melody, as she approached the counter. Peter walked behind her, watching her sway her hips left and right.
When she got to the counter, Hera found a stool and settled into it, once again, Peter was right beside her; as he intended to be for the rest of the night.
"You know..." she called out, leaning into him gently. "I thought I would have to listen to classical music."
Peter did not say anything, he only laughed. Hera drew her face away from him and focused on the handsome dark-skinned bartender.
Peter stayed quiet and watched as she ordered a bottle of Cognac and a bottle of pure spirit vodka. His eyes widened with interest. She has picked up two powerful things, surely, she couldn't be planning to...
His thoughts were cut short when he watched her pour the cognac into a glass, then the vodka next. Awestruck, he watched her gulp the contents down her throat like it was water. What amazed him more, was when Hera dropped the glass and flashed him a smile. As though she had not just downed a content capable of setting his throat on fire!
"We should dance." she called out, trying to conquer the loud music with her voice.
Peter shook his head firmly. He couldn't possibly dance with her, no matter how much he wanted to.
"Very well then!" Hera called out and poured her mixture of drinks into the cup again. From the corner of his left eye, Peter could see the bartender narrow his eyes at Hera. He couldn't blame the man, he would have also thought Hera was crazy if he didn't...
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Wait a minute. He actually thought she was crazy.
"You should take it easy with the drinks Your Grace," he spoke up, with concern, but Hera shot him a glare.
"Are you my husband?"
Peter cowered underneath her stare.
"No."
She broke into a smile again.
"Then don't tell me what to do."
Peter made a dramatic show of sealing his lips and stayed quiet as she took down another glass of her strange mixture. With the empty glass in her hand, she rolled her waist and threw her head about while she danced. Peter kept his eyes on her, to make sure no one approached her and she didn't trip from the effect of the alcohol.
Finally, after what seemed like forever, Hera stopped dancing and started walking towards him. Peter sighed with relief. He hoped she had enough fun, and wanted to tell him to take her home.
But, when she started moving closer to him, Peter noticed her steps were wobbly and her eyes were dim. It set off an alarm in his head. Hera was drunk out of her mind. He rose up immediately, his keen eyes still watching her. He didn't want to make a scene and run to her just in case there were people who knew who she was here.
She still slowly moved to him, with a crooked smile on her face. Peter was growing nervous, he should never have brought her here. But, how could he have said no to her?
Just when she was barely two meters away from him, her knees finally surrendered to her weight and unsteadiness and her heels buckled. She lost balance and went crashing to the ground.
Horrified, Peter rushed to her and caught her right hand midair, in one swift swing, he pulled her to his body, without thinking. Instead of landing on the floor, Hera landed on Peter's chest. Peter was panting heavily, if he had been one second later, she would have fallen to the ground and only the goddess knows what could have happened to her.
Hera stared deep into her savior's frightened eyes. And without thinking, leaned in to the one thing she had wanted to do since she first set her eyes on him.
While Peter's heart was still pounding against his chest, the most unusual thing happened. In the blink of an eye, Hera leaned closer to him and pressed her lips against his.
Everything within him exploded into fiery flames that burned with hunger and desire. He had never wanted anyone as much as he wanted Hera. Still, he couldn't shake the feeling that he was treading on dangerous waters. Nevertheless, he closed his eyes and allowed her kiss him.
After all, it was a small gesture compared to the things she really did to him, even without knowing.
###CHAPTER 83: DO WHAT YOU MUST
The sound of the clock ticking was not enough to deafen the sound of his thoughts from his mind. Even after Peter had left, Lancelot still found it extremely difficult to focus on or think about anything. He was becoming more and more apprehensive with every passing moment. The thought that Roxanne could have been killed today still failed to sit well with him.
Yes, he killed most if not all of the men who kidnapped her. But, the person who had sent them had to suffer an equally gruesome fate in his hands, even if it wasn't death. He looked at her frame on the bed, covered in bandages, she looked like a shadow of herself. Worse still, she had his baby in her. Anything could have happened to the child.
Lancelot's face turned a dark shade of red as his anger continued to grow within him. He had to find them, whoever it was.
He knew just where to start. Lancelot reached for side pocket and picked out his phone from it. He searched for the phone number of the chief of security in the palace. When he found it, he pressed the dial button and pressed the phone to his right ear.
He waited until he heard a deep growl from the other end of the line.
"Your Grace."
"Yes, lieutenant. I'm going to need you to do something for me...yes. Provide me with camera footages from all over the palace at every hour of the day yesterday...yes. Wherever there are CCTV cameras in the palace, I want to see pictures and videos from all those places... No, do not speak to my brothers or my assistant. You would only talk to me about this. Are we clear?...yes?... good, thank you."
He ended the call, slipped the phone back into his pocket and heaved a long sigh. Once he saw all the camera recordings, he was very sure he would be able to spot the beginning of the problem and find those attached to Roxanne's kidnap. Everyone who came in contact with her would be questioned, regardless of who they were.
Lancelot took a swift glance at the door when he heard the door open slowly. The doctor stepped in, and two young nurses followed him behind, pushing a stretcher along with them. Lancelot rose up in defense, with a questioning glare fixed at the doctor.
The nurses seemed petrified by Lancelot's harsh reaction to their presence, and stalled behind. It was only the doctor, Martin, that had the guts to take further steps to where Lancelot stood.
"What is going on?" Lancelot queried audibly, when Doctor Martin was stood by his side.
"We are taking her in for further X-ray. We need to cross examine once more, for internal injuries and bleeding, just to be sure we do not miss something. Considering her critical state, any mistake made, could cost her life. And I'm a hundred percent certain neither of us want that," Doctor Martin spoke as subtly as he could, with the reassuring and trustworthy tone and smile of a professional doctor.
Lancelot looked over him and rested his gaze on the scrawny nurses. He said nothing, but took few steps back, surrendering Roxanne's welfare to the hand of the doctor and nurses.
Doctor Martin turned to his nurses and gestured for them to come forward. Together, they were able to move Roxanne from her hospital bed, to the stretcher.
"We would be taking her to the radiological laboratory, she would be back in no time," Martin spoke up again, after seeing the look of worry on Lancelot's face. They watched as the nurses moved her stretcher away from the room. Lancelot fought back the urge to follow them behind, especially as doctor Martin stood beside him.
He tore his eyes away from the painful sight of Roxanne being carted away and focused his eyes on the doctor, waiting for whatever it is he had to say.
"I'm sure you know I have something to say."
"Get on with it," Lancelot barked. Martin stood straight, cleared his throat and continued.
"Things are not looking very good, Your Highness. And her human physiology and anatomy would only make it harder. I have a proposition."
Lancelot's eyes darkened on Martin, with interest. There would nothing he would not do to make sure Roxanne was okay.
"I suggest we place her on the same treatment we would place one of her kind..."
"What?"
Martin grew nervous from Lancelot's outburst, but he knew he had to keep his head calm if he was going to convince him.
"With her human anatomy, there is no guarantee she would not be unconscious for weeks, even months to come. The injuries to her head were severe and it is a miracle she is not facing more severe threats than she is now. Your Grace, if we can put the skills of the supernaturals to play, like the fairies who have an amazing healing power, I am very sure we would be able to save her faster. The longer she stays unconscious, the more danger the baby is in."
Lancelot appeared thoughtful for a while. The doctor was right, but he feared the side effects. Roxanne was human, they were supernatural beings, he wasn't sure that their methods would not have any bad effects on her. Doctor Martin understood the look in his eyes, and decided to answer his question.
"We would not be putting her in any particular danger by doing this, Your Highness, I can assure you."
Lancelot sighed in defeat and slipped his hands into his pockets. He said he would do anything to make sure Roxanne was healed right? There was no harm in trusting the doctor. If anything went south, Lancelot knew he could always find Doctor Martin here, to break all of his bones.
"Fine, just make sure it works," he growled reluctantly, and Martin smiled, before placing a hand on Lancelot's shoulder.
"You have my word. Very well then, I would contact a fairy that I'm very familiar with, I'm sure she would..."
"Nevermind," Lancelot cut in sharply, waving a hand of dismissal at the doctor. When Martin's eyes narrowed on him, he spoke up.
"I know a fairy I can call too. He would be here in no time."
Alphonsus, Queen Isabelle's brother was present for his coronation after all, it was time he put his presence to good use. Besides, he had seemed really drawn to Roxanne the last time they met. Surely, he wouldn't mind doing a favor for an old friend.
Doctor Martin nodded and walked swiftly out of the room, to join his nurses. Lancelot was left in the room alone, he picked out his phone once more to call Peter.
He didn't speak until he heard his assistant's voice at the end of the phone.
"Your Grace!"
Lancelot cringed. Why did Peter suddenly sound so husky? But he didn't dwell on that. There was a more important assignment at hand.
"Peter, I need you to do something for me...yes, right now. Head over to the palace and inform the Faye queen's brother...yes, prince Alphonsus. Do tell him that Roxanne needs his help immediately and drive him to the hospital...yes, right now...aren't you done with your errand?...ten minutes tops. Exactly."
The line went dead, and Lancelot was left to pace about the room, counting seconds to stop himself from worrying too much. It never did him any good to sink himself in worry or dread. Finally just as he counted the fifteenth minute, the room door swung open again, and Roxanne was rolled back into the room.
Lancelot felt elated to see her, but pissed that Alphonsus wasn't there yet. Until the smug prince stepped into the room, with Peter behind him.
The nurses strapped Roxanne to her bed again, putting all the vitals, such as her oxygen mask, back on her body, before bowing to Lancelot and walking out of the room.
Lancelot's gaze landed on Alphonsus, who stared at Roxanne's body with pity. He walked further into the room, not taking his eyes off her. Even he could not recognize the woman he was looking at.
"It's bad," he finally spoke up, standing few inches away from Roxanne and on the opposite side of the bed, from Lancelot.
"That's why you're here, to fix it," Lancelot snapped. He disliked the fact that Alphonsus stood before him to point out the obvious, instead of doing something to fix it. What he hated more was needing his help to cure his own mate. "I would do that, but first..." He cast Lancelot an amused smile.
"What kind of subject would I be if I did not congratulate you on your coronation? When I, personally, know that there couldn't have been a better wolf, worthy of your father's seat."
Lancelot felt himself flinch, and his nostrils twitched with the quick surge of nerves. Alphonsus smiled as though he knew something. Alphonsus's smile broadened and Lancelot knew he was correct, Alphonsus knew he had not slept with the maiden the Faye queen had provided for him.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Yes, Alphonsus knew and he was indeed impressed. Lancelot's test was to withstand the woman's charm and s***, and to the surprise of both the queen, her brother and the seductress, he had done so, and effortlessly at that. Alphonsus had to give him credit, even he knew how beautiful the lady was, she could be downfall of any male.
"Well, back to the reason I'm here!" Alphonsus called out loud, rolling his sleeves up his hairy arms, preparing himself to touch Roxanne.
He focused his gaze on Lancelot now.
"After this, she would remain unconscious for at least another twenty four hours. She is human, so the healing metabolism would take longer. I would need you to understand that."
Lancelot frowned, he was tired of hearing things he already knew. Could someone just keep quiet and do something for her?
"Do what you must," he replied curtly, watching Alphonsus with keen eyes.
Alphonsus closed his eyes and placed both palms on top each other, before laying them on Roxanne's head. He muttered some inaudible words Lancelot found it difficult to make sense of. Lancelot was forced to turn away when the green light beaming from Alphonsus's hands got too bright.
When the beam died, Lancelot blinked sporadically and turned to Alphonsus again.
His hands were still placed on Roxanne's head, and he stared at Lancelot in shock, because he was nothing but shocked. The moment he placed his hand on Roxanne's head, he felt the surge of an external energy, one that didn't come from him and couldn't be from Roxanne, because she was human. When he began to chant and heal her from inside, he saw it clearly! A fetus, forming inside her.
"She's pregnant," Alphonsus muttered, breathless, while watching Lancelot's reaction, but the Alpha King didn't even raise a brow. It only meant one thing; Lancelot knew.
Alphonsus shrugged, feigning a disappointed look.
"That's so sad. I was thinking of taking her with me after your coronation."
On hearing his statement, Lancelot shot daggers in form of a glare at him. And Alphonsus could see Lancelot's eyes redden, and his jaw harden. He took few steps backwards and raised his hand in mock surrender.
"Do not mind me, Your Highness, I am in no way a match for an Alpha King after all," Alphonsus said in a humorous tone, but he was the only one who laughed.
Lancelot did agree with him though, he was in no way a match for him.
###CHAPTER 84: THAT SHE'S HUMAN
Peter, who had been watching the exchange of the two men carefully, said nothing. He feared that if he spoke, his earlier activities would be realized. Alphonsus was a royal fairy, who had just magically figured out Roxanne was pregnant. The goddess alone knew the other things he could see.
Once again, he was forced to peep the antique clock hanging on the wall, just above Roxanne's bed. What he saw caused his mouth to drop. Barely thirty-five minutes to Lancelot's coronation!
Peter looked down at Lancelot, who had his hand on Roxanne's head, wiping her face gently.
Now's not the time to show her you love her, Peter thought. He cleared his throat and spoke up.
"I hate to be the one to spoil this beautiful moment sir, but if we don't leave now..." Peter paused, he was certain he did not need to continue the rest of the sentence.
Lancelot glanced at Peter and shifted to Alphonsus, before pulling his hand away from Roxanne. He would leave now, but he had to make sure her room would be safe and secured first. So, as he walked out of the room beside Alphonsus, he contacted Doctor Martin and made him promise to mount two guards at Roxanne's door who would watch her all night. If anything went wrong, Martin would pay for it with his life; Lancelot made sure he knew this.
The three men walked side by side to the car park. Alphonsus and Peter got in Peter's car, while Lancelot found his and entered into it. Peter waited for Lancelot's car to lead the way, more to watch and guard him from behind, than anything else. There were people who wanted to make sure Lancelot didn't make it today, and those people would use any opportunity to strike. Lancelot could not be too careful.
Lancelot drove in silence until he arrived at the gate of the palace, and it was opened to him immediately. He drove all the way to the car park, and walked to the back door of the palace. He got into the palace building from there. There were too many visitors and guests lurking at the front door while awaiting the 11 pm rituals. He couldn't risk being seen by anyone and being bombarded with questions. Speaking of being seen by anyone....
Few meters away from the foot of his door, Lancelot sighted his mother, Madeline. She stood in front of his door with arms crossed, in her royal regalia, very prepared for tonight's ceremony. There was no way he could dodge her. Lancelot let out a disgruntled sigh before walking towards her, as though he did not see her, or he did not see that she was angry.
Madeline could tell the sound of her son's footsteps, just like she could tell the scent of his skin, and the Arabian scented cologne on it. So, she knew that he was very close, and prayed to the goddess for the strength and self-control she needed not to give him a resounding slap across the cheek. She had refused to believe what Ava had told her earlier, but what was there not to? When it came to that human girl, Lancelot seemed to lose his senses.
But, all that would end tonight, she thought, as her eyes narrowed at him when he stood in front of her without remorse in his eyes. Madeline had a plan, one that would keep Lancelot in check, FOREVER.
"Mother," he blurted out, with the same tone a gardener would use to speak of a thorn amongst his roses; without regard, with faint irritation. It would have hurt her, but Madeline was too used to her son's coldness already. It only felt like being forced to swallow blocks of ice; it didn't hurt anymore once it was in your stomach.
"You are late," she snapped.
Lancelot placed his hand on the door knob and opened it, without looking at her.
"I promised father I'll be here before 11pm."
"You promised you'll be here just in time to get ready! What is wrong with you Lance?" As he entered into his room, she followed him behind.
Lancelot clenched his teeth and forced himself to turn to her.
"Would I get ready mother? Or would you scold me with the fifteen minutes we have?"
She was trying to keep her temper beneath the surface. Glaring at him, she wondered why it was always like this between them. Lancelot always forced her to do the worst of things to keep him in check, caused her to make unnecessary sacrifices for his sake. Madeline drew in deep breaths to calm her nerves, trying to remind herself that it was her duty as his mother.
If she didn't do it, no one would.
Madeline shook her head, scrutinizing his appearance.
"You have to be washed thoroughly, you reek of bleach." It was the truth, but it carried a thick air of accusation that forced Lancelot to cough. Madeline did not speak to him anymore, she stepped out of the room to send orders to the maids to get him ready.
Lancelot watched as Madeline walked out of the room. When she closed the door behind her, he took off his clothes to get dressed for the ritual. It wasn't up to three minutes later, that he heard the knock on his door. He stood in nothing but boxer briefs as he called on the visitor to enter. It must be Peter wanting to convey a message to him, he thought.
And he thought wrong. Two maids stepped into his room, with black silk in their hands. He took it from their majestic strides, that they were sent in to prepare him, so he didn't complain.
**********
Alas, the night of the full moon had come once more, the night that signified a new dawn, a brand new era.
Lancelot stepped out of his room in his royal silk robe, ready for his precession into the courtyard where the ritual would take place. He walked down the deserted stairs since everyone was outside waiting to the door of the palace. Six guards stood there, when they saw him, they all went down on one knee and bowed to him, just like they always did to his father. Lancelot was taken aback for a moment. Their gesture was a quick and sudden reminder that he was about to take his father's place and be at the forefront of all activities from now on.
He nodded and ordered them to rise up. When they did, he stepped forward and two stood side by side in front of him, while the remaining four lined up at his back. Lancelot stood still, in anticipation, waiting for the sound of drums and the howling and chants of the warrior wolves to usher him in.
He didn't have to wait for long. The drums could be heard even though the courtyard was meters away. The chants followed, before the long howling. Lancelot took in deep breaths, it was time.
He took steady strides, head held high and shoulders up. Lancelot had learned to walk with authority as a child, even now, it was effortless. However, he no longer held the authority of a prince, his power, was now that of a king.
As he drew closer to the courtyard, the sounds became louder, and he could see the crowd of people standing around, waiting to watch him take the place of his father. Some of them friends, and many others foes.
When they noticed his presence, the crowd parted to give way for him, a straight path was formed, to the middle of the courtyard, where the moon blessed with its light the most. His father, Edward, stood there, beside the royal priest, with a proud smile on his face.
"Alpha Lancelot Dankworth, the first!" a voice called out from amongst the warriors.
"Long live the king!" Everyone bowed and chorused.
Lancelot looked around with a blank expression on his face. He had worked for this day for more than ten years, still, everything felt so surreal, when he turned to Edward, he noticed his father bowed as well.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
He was flushed and he reached out to his father, to stop him from doing so. Edward raised his head and whispered.
"You have to tell us to rise."
Lancelot blinked twice, he did not expect that. He stood straight and spoke.
"I greet you all, friends, family, and my loyal subjects." Just as Edward had said, no one raised their heads until after he finished his sentence.
This was power, Lancelot thought.
Looking at him now, Madeline was beyond proud, and excited. Finally, the power they had secured for him for so long, would be his, and no one else's. But first, there was something she had to do.
Ava was present in the crowd, and Madeline planned to make sure she was crowned Lancelot's Luna tonight. After all, she was crowned Luna the night Edward was crowned as Alpha King. Although, she and her husband were mates, and Lancelot and Ava weren't, she didn't want to risk a space of three days, like the tradition entailed, before Lancelot got any strange IDEAS.
So, when the priest was about to begin the blood oath between father and son, Madeline saw it as the perfect time to speak up.
"My people!" she called out, earning her the attention of the crowd as she stepped forward. Lancelot's eyes narrowed on his mother, he did not think she was expected to give a speech.
"We must, before anything, not forget the second most important highlight of tonight."
Lancelot glared at Madeline with confusion, what was she talking about?
"I present to you, one of our finest maidens, one of our KIND..."
Lancelot cringed on hearing this, Madeline was definitely up to no good.
"...who has been groomed to perfection, and Lancelot's chosen mate, Ava Relish."
His chosen mate? What was his mother doing bringing Ava out to the crowd tonight for...? Lancelot's eyes widened as he stared at his mother's back.
No, there was no way she could do that, not tonight. However, he knew Madeline too well, if there was a perfect time to do this, it would be tonight, in front of everyone, where he could not reject it without a very good reason to. "You have a good reason to," Ziko spoke up from within him, but Lancelot ignored the voice. The chaos in his head would not allow him form a proper response for his wolf.
Ava stepped out in a long red dress, Lancelot recognized it from pictures in the palace. It was the dress Madeline had worn to be crowned Luna queen, and most of the crowd seemed to know this as well. The moment she stood in front of them with a smile on her face, murmurs erupted from all over the audience.
Lancelot began to sweat where he stood. If this happened tonight, it would severe his bond with Roxanne forever.
Madeline held Ava's hand, to present her to the crowd.
"Tonight, Ava Relish would be crowned Luna queen, and would swear the same oath I swore on this sacred ground exactly twenty-nine years ago. And I would hand over my crown, as Luna queen to her."
The murmurs in the audience turned to cheers. Lancelot glanced at his father, pleading with him to stop Madeline's madness, but his father turned away.
A shock realization dawned on him, electrocuting his spine, Edward knew Madeline's plan!
"Kneel dear," Madeline spoke and Ava dropped to her knees before her. The priest left Edward's side and walked to Madeline, ready to perform the Luna's oath.
Lancelot suddenly began to feel dizzy, it was a mixture of anger and confusion. He didn't know what to do, what to say, he didn't know how to stop this from happening without creating a scene.
"How would you crown his chosen mate as Luna queen, when the Alpha King already has a mate?!" a male voice called out from the crowd.
All heads and eyes turned to the direction of the mysterious and malicious voice. Lancelot didn't need to look, he knew who it would be already; the vampire king.
Although, he had not expected him to be here.
Echoes of murmurs and whispers shook the ground, and Madeline scoffed.
"I'm sorry, that can't be. If there was a real mate, my son would have spoken..."
"There is, Queen Madeline," the witch prophetess, Athaliah, spoke up now as she stood steps forward, until she was in front of the crowd, staring at Ava who knelt on the ground.
Ava clutched her dress tightly. She had prayed that she would be crowned tonight, only for the stupid voice to ruin everything! The ground beneath her was hot with rage. "Alpha Lancelot has a mate! And she is not present today, so this woman cannot be crowned Luna queen."
The chattering grew louder, and Madeline scoffed bitterly. Edward stood transfixed to the ground, beside his son, he saw his wife's knees wobble but he was too frozen to approach her. "And what would a witch possibly know about a wolf's mate?" Madeline spat out, in spite.
"I do not know about the witch, but I do know ..." It was the vampire king's turn to speak again, he stood his stance beside Athaliah.
"That she's human."
###CHAPTER 85: SHE WOULD NEVER FORGIVE THEM
"...we're to check for signs of consciousness, not gush over her..."
"Gush over her? You're joking, I can't possibly be..."
Voices, those were the first things her ears picked up all of sudden. After those, the beeping sound from what might have been an alarm followed next. She tried to suck in air, before she realized that she had an oxygen mask on, and was unable to smell anything.
Panic, that was the first and immediate thing she felt when she tried to open her eyes, but it wouldn't open. Her whole body was stiff, and her brain seemed to lack the ability to control the rest of her body.
Roxanne's mind did an involuntary flashback to the previous events. She wondered where she was; it was definitely a hospital, from the mask on her nose. What had happened to her? Why did she feel a headache that threatened to split her head into two? Why was she unable to move? Was she paralyzed?!
Her many "whys" were answered by her own mind. Gory images flashed through her mind; she saw and felt herself being beaten, s*** to her bra. She could see it in front of her- even though her eyes were closed - how the grey wolf who often appeared in her dreams came out once more. This time, Roxanne was not quite certain it was a dream.
She could recall being overwhelmed by the sight, and falling to the ground, before breeze gently blew the scent of Lancelot's famous Arabian cologne into her nostrils. She could remember calling out his name, before losing control of herself. "She's a VVIP patient, Rohannah, don't touch her like that!" a female voice snapped, Roxanne recognized it from earlier.
The panic subsided and Roxanne felt oddly relieved. She was in the safety of a hospital, it only meant that she would get better. But first, she needed to alert the nurses, to let them know somehow that she was awake and was finding it hard to move or do anything. They would rush to her and help her, she thought.
So, Roxanne shut her eyes firmly, since she could not open them, and prepared to gather even the last of her energy to call out to them.
"Can you believe it? I never for once dreamt that a human would be in our hospital!"
Roxanne paused, hesitating by a brief second. What did they mean by "a human"? Weren't they all humans as well? She settled into her bed and tried to calm herself down. She had to listen carefully to know exactly what was going on. "Do you think she knows where she is Bella?" the voice sounded concerned.
"Well, rumor has it that the alpha shifted when he tried to save her. So, she must have definitely seen him."
Alpha? Shifted?
"You think you can just come in here and have your way with our Alpha King..." One of her captor's words rung in her ears.
The image of a wolf flashed in front of her; in the woods behind the Dankworth mansion, in the warehouse. No, she thought, trying hard to fight the thoughts to the back of her head. It wasn't possible, there was no way they meant what she thought they meant.
"Who is she anyway? How did she even get here?"
"She's the Alpha King's secretary."
A strange voice, which she had not heard before, laughed out loud. It was a long and hearty laugh, as if someone had said something really funny. Roxanne listened intently, she needed to make sense of what was going on. "Why are you laughing Vicky?"
"Why wouldn't I? The both of you make me laugh. Did you see the way he rushed her in here? Ha! Secretary my foot. They are lovers!"
Within her, Roxanne flinched at the strange woman's description of her relationship with Lancelot. How exactly could you be lovers with someone who didn't love you?
"You don't say."
"Vicky has a point. I mean, you saw the way he rushed in here and barked out orders at everybody. You saw the way he stood by her and wouldn't let anyone come close to her. He snapped at everyone, including Doctor Martin!" "That's serious!"
"It is, Rohannah. I had never been given the chance to see the Alpha King before. And he was very scary..."
"And extremely handsome." Roxanne knew it was Vicky who spoke because her pitch was deeper than the others.
Roxanne found the nurses amusing. She was very familiar with Lancelot's barking and snarling, he was like that all the time; gloomy, quiet, and full of himself. It was only natural he displayed it in a public setting. "She's such a lucky woman, but why her? What about his chosen mate? I heard she attended the best schools abroad. And she's a wolf, just like us. Why would he pick a lowlife human over her?"
An alarm went off in Roxanne's head immediately. No matter how hard she tried, she could not bring herself to silence it. The more she forced herself to not believe the things she heard, the more she heard them. The nurses just called themselves wolves! Wolves! Like the animals who wandered in the forest and belonged in packs?
"She doesn't know her place yet. She would be out of our pack in due time, I know it."
"She journeyed to the three great kingdoms with him, certainly she knows what's going on."
Roxanne's headache tripled in intensity. All the thinking she was doing while trying to make sense of her situation was driving her crazy. She couldn't feel the rest of her body, but she could feel her head throb immensely. "I doubt he would be leaving her. Didn't you see what happened? His coronation ritual was barely thirty minutes away when he left! He wouldn't have risked such an important event if he didn't love her. Especially when he knew the importance, after his older brother had die..."
The lady's sentence was cut short by the sound of the other nurses tapping her loudly.
"Shush. Don't talk about that," Vicky, who Roxanne presumed to be the most authoritative amongst all the nurses, spoke up.
What was even going on here? Roxanne screamed in her head. She wanted to jump out of the bed and run, run so fast that no one would ever see or catch her. They were werewolves? Werewolves even existed? Like the type of creatures that existed in the TV series "Twilight", "Teen wolf", "Originals"?
No, it couldn't be possible. Those were only figment of a writer's imagination. There was no way that werewolves were real, and she was currently hallucinating.
If werewolves were real, what else was real? Witches? Fairies? Vampires?
"I even heard the vampire king was present at his coronation! Oh! I've heard wonderful tales about him."
Fear washed over her already frozen spine. Vampires?! Vampire?!
"Even the witches and the fairies. This is the first coronation were all three great kingdoms came together. The new alpha must be very important and famous." The nurse sounded very excited.
"With looks like that, who wouldn't be very important?"
"He literally set my ovaries on fire."
Wait until you get close to him, Roxanne thought to herself on hearing the nurse's remark. He would lie to your face, trick you and set your heart on fire as well.
Nothing was making sense to her. Lancelot was a wolf! Not just Lancelot, but everyone else here? Peter, Arthur, Lancelot's whole family, Reuben? Even the nurses present in her room! It all made sense now, why it seemed as if everyone around hated her. Why it seemed as though everyone has ganged up to despise her.
She understood now. They all had one thing in common, which she didn't. They were werewolves, animals, and she was... the only human.
Suddenly, when someone walked into the room, the room became silent and Roxanne heard their feet shuffle on the ground.
"Doctor Martin," Vicky spoke up.
Doctor, Roxanne thought.
"Has she woken up yet?" a man, who Roxanne figured was the doctor, asked the nurses.
"No sir. She hasn't yet," Rohannah answered.
"Hmm, as expected. The Faye prince said it would take 24 hours for the healing process to be complete, considering the complexities of her injury. Let's just hope his healing powers are what we hear them to be." Another bombshell fell on her ears again, and her heart pounded furiously against her chest. Faye prince? Healing powers? What more was missing? What other "magical" secrets had Lancelot and Peter kept from her? "Any pattern of movement? Brain activity?"
"None at all, sir," the three nurses chorused.
"Very well then, let her be. There are guards at the door to watch her sleep. We must attend to other patients. Okay, let's go, come on."
With that, Roxanne heard the heels of their shoes hit the ground, until her door closed and the sound became distant.
She was still unable to move a muscle, even as her mind continued to race. She was with monsters, she thought. All of them, every single one of them were monsters. By God, she would have to leave here the second she got the chance. Once she was well enough to stand, she would take the first ticket she could take out of this place.
Lancelot, his palace, his position, his money, everything, could kiss her American a*** goodbye. She would be up and out of this place and make sure that he or anyone else from this horrible place, never sees her again.
They had lied to her, tricked her, and kept her in the dark. She felt a stinging sense of betrayal and hurt as she closed her eyes firmly, listening to the beeping sound of her life support machine.
They could have just killed her, because now, now she would never forgive them.
###CHAPTER 86: ANYTHING WAS POSSIBLE
"...That she's human..." Three words, one phrase, but it was more than enough to send the whole courtyard into pandemonium.
The elders yelled, swore, and cursed at each other. Ava was extremely embarrassed, as she knelt there on the ground, watching Lancelot's secret openly humiliate her in open. In front of her family, and most of her friends. Madeline was petrified, she could not bring herself to close her eyes which were widened in horror. Lancelot stood, stoic, unsure of what to say, or what to do. He knew his secret would come out one day, but he had never imagined it would be on the day of the one thing he had kept his secret to protect; his coronation.
"Is it true?" Lancelot heard Edward whisper. There was no point in lying or trying to cover anything up anymore. His secret had been revealed, and he just had to tell the truth. "It is father."
Edward's heart squeezed in his chest. He pressed his hand to his chest to ease the pain as his facial expression rumpled as well. Lancelot moved to his father to ensure that he wasn't having a heart attack. In the crowd, the Dankworth family stood stupefied, none of them, except Eloise, had seen it coming. Not even Elizabeth. How could they have guessed, that the human "secretary" Lancelot presented to them, was indeed his mate, the one that the goddess had blessed him with. "The moon would go down soon and the goddess's flame shall rise. If that happens, it would only mean that he would not be crowned until the next full moon," the priest spoke, and his voice roared above the commotion. Madeline didn't imagine the day she would have to stand and watch everything she had worked very hard fall crumble into pieces, right in front of her eyes. They had worked so hard, gone this far, she had thought Lancelot everything she could, gave him the freedom he needed to explore the world, just so that he could use his knowledge to effect prosperity on their pack. If she had known that it would result in him finding the human, she would have done everything within her power to avoid it.
Lancelot stood still and didn't speak. Wondering if the people would reject his crowning and opt for a new king. The crowd was growing apprehensive, and the elders were furious. The priest's question had only thrown the crowd into more chaos.
"He would be crowned tonight!" Athaliah cried out, at the top of her voice, while stepping out of the crowd.
"I am Athaliah, eye of the seven realms and summoner of spirits. I came as a humble guest to witness the crowning of London Pride Pack's greatest Alpha King yet. Alpha Lancelot has shown his capability in strength, wisdom and wits. You cannot let such great potential pass because of a small...mishap."
"His mate is a human!" someone from within the crowd yelled, and the crowd cheered.
"And she is insignificant to my cause," Lancelot finally spoke, his voice carried a strong aura of authority, one that could not be contented with. Madeline's surprised stare met with her son's.
Yes, Lancelot knew what he had just said. If this coronation was going to take place, he was going to have to tell the people what they wanted to hear. And that, would be that Roxanne was an insignificant addition to his life, one that he would take the necessary measures to get rid off, once he had the chance. Lancelot wanted to be with Roxanne, more than anything, but he was no fool. He knew the land he had been raised, he knew the customs and the traditions. The only way he was going to get a chance at being with Roxanne, and keeping her safe, was if he became the Alpha King by blood. Until he was able to do that, he would put whatever he needed to put, on the line.
"Do you speak the truth?" one of the kingmakers, who stood at the front line of the crowd asked, and Lancelot raised his head to speak firmly.
"What kind of a king would I be, if I lied to my subjects in their faces?"
The audience stilled, and Ava rose to her feet immediately, scurrying away from the center and disappearing into the crowd.
"Very well then, he would be crowned king!" another kingmaker spoke, and just like magic, the crowd which had threatened to turn against him, cheered for him once more.
The drums of celebration and chants of praises began again as the kingmakers - exactly four of them-stepped forward and surrounded Lancelot and Edward; who was still trying to recover from the shock of the vampire king's revelation. He knew that even if Lancelot had managed to salvage the situation out here, there was a hotter flame waiting for him to quench after now.
Lancelot was asked to kneel beside his father. Edward was presented with the sacred blade and he pierced the blade into the flesh in his palm, allowing the blood to flow freely. He passed the blade to Lancelot, who did the same. With blood trickling down their palms, they locked their hands together in a handshake. All the wolves around began to howl immediately, and the chants and drums intensified.
Their mixed blood ran down their hands and touched the floor. But the priest and kingmakers smiled. Where she stood, Madeline managed to smile as well...it was done after all. Whatever happened after this could happen, but her life's work wasn't ruined.
Perhaps, she had not given herself or Lancelot enough credit. Once again, he had rescued himself when she failed to rescue him. It assured her that even after she was gone, he would be able to get himself out of trouble, since it was impossible for him to stay away from it.
"On this night, the land of London Pride pack, the earth we walk on and the goddess of the moon bears witness, with the oath of your bloods, that you, Alpha Lancelot, has sworn to be the alpha of this pack. To protect, defend and lead it to prosperity for as long as you live. Long live the king!"
"Long live the king!" Everyone cheered, bowing.
"Long live the king!"
"Long live the king!"
Looking deep into his son's eyes, Edward managed to smile.
"Long live the king," he whispered to his son.
******
Once the ceremony was over, the council called for an emergency meeting in the throne room-just as Lancelot had expected.
After nodding to unending series of "congratulations" and good will messages, Lancelot finally managed to sneak away from the courtyard. His guards surrounded him on his command, to make sure that no one was able to approach him again. He had done enough socializing for the night, there were more important matters waiting for him to attend to.
When he stepped into the throne room, the atmosphere was tense and awkwardly silent. As though, an argument had ensued, and stopped on his account.
They all bowed on seeing him, and muffled greetings in displeased tones. Madeline and Edward stood together. Normally, they would sit side by side on the throne, but, it wasn't theirs anymore.
Lancelot stared down at the hand heal itself, before looking up at HIS royal court. These were his cabinet of elders, he thought. And he had angered them more times than he was supposed to, he knew that they would not let him off easily. Especially not their head, Garrett Relish, who Lancelot could tell, was still visibly fuming.
"My elders," he finally spoke, and all their heads rose up to meet him.
"You may speak," he started, opening the floor for all their chastisement.
"Your Highness, we would not even begin to ask you for an explanation for what we discovered outside tonight. We only wish to ask you, the way forward." As expected, Garrett was the one to speak first. And when he said "...the way forward..." Lancelot could tell, from the tone of his voice, that he was talking more about his daughter than anything else.
"Everything you heard outside was true..." Lancelot stared, but was quickly interrupted.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Surely you do not expect us to allow you sit a human on the throne of the Luna! A human! Without a wolf Your Grace!"
"Certainly not," Madeline's sharp tone cut in. All heads turned to the new queen dowager.
"That is certainly not an option, he knows that," she continued, eyeing her son furiously. Lancelot tore his eyes away from his mother and focused it on the faces of the elders.
Yes, he knew that as werewolves, they considered all other creatures, including humans inferior to them. However, these were not just the looks of superiority, there was disdain, anger, terror and hate. In that moment, he thought back to Queen Isabelle's words, and wondered why it was that the wolves hated humans so much.
"There is nothing to be said about this situation, Your Highness," Garrett spoke again, staring deep into Lancelot's eyes, daring him, and warning him. Now, Garrett wasn't only speaking as an angered elder, he was speaking as a concerned father.
"We are your elders, and you have done as you wished countless times. We must learn to trust you if your leadership is going to work, Alpha Lancelot. For that to happen, you're going to have to prove to us, that you have only our best interest at heart," Garrett continued.
Lancelot watched as he turned towards another elder, who stepped forward and spoke.
"We, the elders, have come to a conclusion. You have been given three days and three nights, to reject the human, as you have promised your people, and take your chosen mate as your Luna queen. Three days, alpha Lancelot." Lancelot's jaw tightened, three days was a short time to settle the commotion, he thought.
However, since he had been given just three days, he would make sure he set things right within the three days. Ava would not be his queen, and Roxanne would be by his side.
He was Lancelot Dankworth after all, and with him, anything was possible.
###CHAPTER 87: WE SHOULDN'T BE DOING THIS
Peter knew he couldn't stay back for the coronation ritual, especially not after what he had done. When Lancelot called him, asking for his urgent help to drive the Faye prince, Alphonsus, to the hospital, Peter had no other choice than to lodge the drunken Hera in a hotel, where she would be until he returned.
He had contemplated driving her back to the palace, but considering how busy the palace was, with visitors and guests flocking about, Peter realized that the safest thing to do, was to keep Hera away from the palace for a while. At least, until the coronation was over and people had retired to their various guest quarters for the night. Then, he could return to the palace with the queen and prepare Hera for her journey back home, the next morning.
Peter continued to think about it, even while he drove Alphonsus back to the palace. It seemed impossible to think about anything else besides the kiss. Peter realized that the thought angered him, but he was not angry at the kiss, he was angry at himself.
And he was angry for two reasons; one, he had enjoyed the kiss when he wasn't supposed to. Two, if he had another chance, he would lean into her and kiss her over and over again. Peter did not like this new side of him, the side that tossed morals away and went against his head. Still, it was new to him, and very exciting.
When he arrived at the palace, he dropped Alphonsus in front of the guest palace like a hotel in the palace were guests stayed during occasions like this. He looked outside the window to ensure that the Faye prince had safely entered into the building, before reversing and driving out of the palace. He made a mental note to call Lancelot to cook up another lie, but decided against it. There was no reason to lie, since Lancelot would be so busy in the ritual he would barely notice Peter's absence. And if he did, Peter was sure to cook up an excuse for himself the next morning.
With that thought, he drove straight out of the palace gate, into London's night street and headed for the hotel. It was a twenty minutes' drive from the palace to the hotel, since the road was slowly becoming empty. He drove into the parking lot of the hotel, pulled his car over at a corner and stepped out of it. Peter tried to steady his breath as he took swift strides into the reception hall of the hotel.
He did not need to bother himself with speaking to the receptionist since he already had the key card of the room with him, safely tucked in his pocket. In Hera's drunken state, it would have been sheer madness to leave her alone with the key card and access in and out of the room. The lady was crazy already, there was no telling what she could do drunk.
He stepped into a free elevator and pressed the number that'll take him to the room Hera was.
"2-0-1-8," he said. And continued to walk ahead until he found the room door with a matching number. He stood still in front of the door, while trying his best to steady both his heartbeat and his breathing pattern. Peter did not understand why, this feeling was very new and strange to him. The woman lying behind the door made him nervous; the good kind of nervous. She awakened feelings in him Peter never knew existed.
She made him think and do the forbidden.
But, he still had an assignment to complete and a mistake to correct. He placed the key card on the slot on the door and it slid open. The room was dimly lit with neon blue and purple lights, it was impossible to see anything clearly. He turned, placed the key card against the door again and watched it slide close.
When the door closed, he heard Hera yawn and stretch. She was asleep already, he thought. Well, it would make things easier for him. He looked around the wall until he found a switch he assumed to be the main light switch.
He walked briskly toward it as he had no time to waste. It was a good thing Hera was asleep, he was very sure carrying sleepy Hera would be easier than drunken Hera who wanted to kiss him every step of the way. Peter pressed the switch and the room was lit up by bright white lights immediately. He was now able to see the white walls of the room.
Now, all that was left was to take Hera and...
His breathing stilled and his jaw dropped when he turned to look at Hera. Only for his eyes to meet the most enticing n*** body he had ever seen. Hera lay down, facing him, with her eyes shut gently, and her body void of any form of clothing.
For more than ten seconds, Peter fought to gasp for air, but couldn't. His heart hammered against his chest and he felt frozen and limb, unable to move or think. It was only until he caught himself drooling while staring at the curve of her hips, covered with delicious looking pale white skin, that he snapped himself out of his line of thoughts.
What was he doing looking at her like that? He mentally smacked himself and rushed towards her. Her n*** body was sprawled amidst red and white sheets and Peter was forced to lean into her to pick up the duvet in order to cover her body with it.
However, the twins on her chest caught his eyes first. Round and firm b***, with pink hard n***, pleading to be touched, caressed, sucked. A yellow ring formed around his wolf's eyes. If only he could lean in and...
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Peter's eyes widened immediately Hera gripped his tie and pulled him down. Peter fell down to the bed, barely inches away from Hera's n*** body. She opened her eyes slowly and flashed him a smile. Peter's heart warmed up, and the bulging in his pants swelled.
She knew what she had been doing all this while.
Hera smiled at Peter's shocked face as she sat up, revealing the glory of her n*** body to his n*** eyes. She noticed the hunger in his eyes when he looked over her, and the troubled nerves when they settled on her face.
Hera decided to make things easier for him. It was obvious that between them, she was the one strong enough to act on what they felt between them.
Peter let out a breathless m*** as Hera sat up and rested her blue eyes on his nervous ones.
"You came back," she spoke, with an effortless air of s***. Peter swallowed hard and sought for words in his head, when he finally found, he muttered.
"I...I came back to take you back to the palace."
On hearing him, Hera pouted as she feigned a hurt expression. Peter bit his lower lip slightly, everything she did was incredibly sexy.
Hera took his right hand and raised it up, slowly placing it on her left b***. She threw her head back with a breathless m*** when his skin grazed the bud of her n***. Peter's hard on became even harder.
He was confused, impressed, pleased, and hungry for her and still scared, so many emotions to feel all at once.
Hera looked at him again, after bringing her head back to the front.
"We shouldn't be doing this," Peter spoke, his whole body vibrating from the effect of multiple emotions. Hera flashed him a reassuring smile as she leaned into him, cupping both his cheeks with both her hands.
"The forbidden fruit is always the sweetest, forbidden passions burn the fiercest. It is also why Lancelot cannot keep his eyes off the human woman."
He wanted so desperately to counter her statement, but deep down, he knew it was true. Perhaps, his hunger for her was because he knew she did not belong to him, that it would be a taboo to be with her. However, he wasn't given a chance to think about it. Hera crashed her lips on his without second thought and Peter's body stilled in shock first, before loosening up to her kiss and accepting her.
So, he didn't protest when she took off the buttons of his shirt, he didn't protest when she knelt in front of him and placed his hands on the curve of her bare a***. He did not protest when she pushed him down to the bed and climbed s*** on top of him.
He only knew one thing; that he was playing with fire, and when it decided to burst into flames, he would be consumed in it.
###CHAPTER 88: MORE UNVEILING
Clad in brown suit trouser and a black long-sleeved shirt, Doctor Flinn approached the room of her favorite patient's human mate.
Lancelot had called her in a frenzy, the night before- or rather, at exactly 1am this morning - pleading with her to oversee Roxanne's welfare in the hospital, at least, until her best friend, whom they were expecting later in the day, arrived. While she was shocked to receive such a call at such an odd hour of the day, especially when she knew his coronation had just taken place, she still couldn't afford to turn Lancelot down. From the sound of his voice, she could tell that he was extremely concerned about the woman. And Flinn would do anything to make sure Lancelot was at peace; she owed it to him as his therapist and friend.
So, here she was, walking down the lobby until she arrived at Roxanne's room. She knew because the door was opened, and nurses flocked in and out, holding files in their hands. Flinn stood in front of the room door and looked at them, wondering what the problem was. She tried to stop herself from panicking, while hoping that nothing had happened to the girl.
When one of the nurses walked out of the room, Flinn held her back to question her.
The nurse looked over her, eager to return to her duties.
"I'm sorry, but is everything alright with her?" Flinn asked, ignoring the nurse's glare.
"Yes. We are currently trying to run tests on her reaction to stimuli. We noticed a brain activity hours earlier, but her body is temporarily paralyzed," the nurse spoke in a hurry.
Flinn's heartbeat steadied, as she sighed in relief. Thankfully, Roxanne was alright. She walked into the room and watched as the doctor and nurses tested Roxanne's response to temperature and sound, with different hospital equipment. She took out her phone from her bag and sent Lancelot a text, informing him of the sudden and new development.
When the doctor was done, he turned to leave and fixed his eyes on Flinn's impressed face.
"Did she respond to any?" she asked, and watched the doctor's face carefully. He shook his head as a sign for no, but his stance and eyes were hopeful. "Not yet. She is still temporarily paralyzed and not yet awake. But, we are positive we would get a response from her soon."
From where she lay, Roxanne listened to the doctor's conversation with a strange feminine voice and an elderly one at that. She could not recognize the voice from the palace, or from the hospital either. So, who was here that cared about her enough to ask?
Roxanne was awake, and fully conscious. But, the doctor and nurses did not know that because her eyes had not been opened because she couldn't move them, along with the rest of her body. So, there was no way to prove otherwise. "Thank you very much doctor. He would be here anytime from now," the female voice spoke again. Roxanne had zoned out of the conversation, so she could not hear who the "he" they spoke of was. However, she was going to lie here and wait; not like she had much of a choice anyway.
She heard when the lady pulled out a chair and sat still beside her, saying absolutely nothing. In her head, Roxanne counted seconds, as she had done ever since she woke up, while the time passed slowly.
After what seemed like an hour, she heard the sound of urgent and quick footsteps walk into the room. She could not pick up a scent with the oxygen mask on her nose, but once she heard the familiar depth of the baritone voice that spoke, her mind became still and calm, his voice had always had its way of making her feel on edge, yet safe and protected. Of course, that was until she remembered that the man in the room was a liar, and a monster.
Flinn was delighted to see Lancelot rush into the room. She had been texting him for the past one hour, informing him of all that had been happening, including when she sat quietly beside Roxanne.
"I came out as soon as I could," Lancelot spoke, when Flinn rose up to embrace him.
"I bet you did," she replied, releasing him from her grip and allowing him to walk over to Roxanne.
"What else did they say?"
"Nothing besides what I told you Lance," Flinn replied to Lancelot's worried question. She examined him as he stood beside the girl, his shoulders had fallen and his head was down low; that was a stance Lancelot barely took, he must really care for this woman.
"Come have a seat Lance. She'll be fine, she's a fighter."
His eyes across her body once more. He had barely gotten any sleep, worried about her and their future together. How he would tell her everything about him and get her to accept who he was, and get his people to accept who she was. "She has to be Doc. She's carrying my baby,"
Roxanne would have screamed if she had the ability to; and not because of joy. What did he mean by she was pregnant?! What did that mean? That she was carrying a baby...whatever he was, inside her?! Once again, she had been plunged into another roller coaster of never ending nightmares.
Pregnant...pregnant...pregnant. The word continued to echo in her ears.
Lancelot fell back and settled into the seat Flinn had pulled out for him, right beside her. He took one deep breath in, before she spoke.
"I'm sorry I could not make it to your coronation. You know I am not one of your mother's favorite people. I did not want to disrespect her or the crown. But, I heard what happened and I must say, that I did not expect the vampire king to come out on you like that," she spoke softly, so as not to add to his worries.
Lancelot thought back to last night and chuckled.
"He had done it to spite me, for taking Roxanne away from his kingdom. Turns out he was of great help to me after all, at least, one truth is out in the open. I was helpless and clueless as to how to tell my pack that a human was my mate." "He took the words right out of your mouth, did he not?"
She spoke in a humorous tone, and Lancelot chuckled.
"You got that right, he did."
Roxanne could have sworn the man seated beside her wasn't Lancelot. Lancelot never said so many words at once, he never expressed fear, worry, or any form of emotion at all to anybody. And only opened his mouth to speak when he was giving out orders. So, who was this woman? And why was she able to bring out a part of Lancelot that she had never seen before?
For the first time, she could sense emotion in his voice. He had been truly worried, and he had let this woman know. But, why?
"That reminds me. I did want to call you in for a session after you returned, but I never got the chance. How did the journey of tests go?"
The tests... Lancelot thought. He was forced to lean out of his seat and place his elbows on his knees, staring into blank space.
"It wasn't easy, just as I had expected. However, something..." He paused, then took in a deep breath, before letting it out and speaking again.
"Something happened at the witch kingdom, something I did not expect."
Vampires, witches...She thought the nurses were crazy, but now that she heard it from his lips, she didn't know what to believe or make out of anything. All Roxanne could do was listen.
Flinn sat up, making eye contact with him.
"What happened?" she asked, deep concern etched in her voice and in her stare. She saw Lancelot's body stiffen after hearing her question and Flinn sighed, leaning back into her chair. She could tell he was contemplating telling her, or keeping it away from her.
"I need you to speak to me Lance, you would feel better when you do."
Lancelot leered at Doctor Flinn, before he shook his head gently and spoke.
"At the witches' kingdom, the sorceress, Athaliah accused me of having a hand in Bran's death. She said that I had killed him to move him out of the way. A hindrance in destiny, she had called him. I killed him to protect my own destiny." The pain in his voice was audible to Roxanne and Flinn, although only Flinn could see the tears gather in his eyes.
Flinn gasped with disbelief. That was a very disastrous thing to say, especially to Lancelot who had fought all these years to believe otherwise.
Looking over him, she could tell that he was still broken by the thoughts, haunted by the memories. Lancelot still needed fixing, a lot of work. And she prayed within her that someone...anyone, could give it to him.
###CHAPTER 89: SHE NEVER KNEW
Flinn's eyes softened as she leaned closer to Lancelot's hard frame. "She should never have said that to you."
"But, is she wrong?" His tone reeked of pain and pent up anger. Roxanne had never heard him sound like this, not even in the vampire kingdom after he had been beaten to stupor. She had first heard about Bran's death from Arthur, she had never imagined it would be a big deal to Lancelot.
"Your Highness, you shouldn't..."
"Please Doctor Flinn, drop that title, I do not need to hear it right now. My nightmares reoccurred after that night, I saw him once again, calling out to me to save him, and I could do nothing. Athaliah is not the only one, my entire family blames me for it, and even Bran blames me for it!" Lancelot spoke up, voicing out everything he wished he could speak out, but had failed to.
His voice was muffled, as his tone struggled to sound firm, despite the tears threatening to run down his cheeks and the fear and anger hooking his throat. He had tried not to think about it ever since it happened, he pushed it to the bottom of his mind, just the same way he always pushed everything he was not willing to confront.
Now that it was at the surface, Lancelot knew that he had to pour it all out.
"I should have been more careful that night. I should have looked out for him, I should have protected him..."
"You were twelve!" Flinn cried out, a part of her was mad at Lancelot for constantly blaming himself, while another part of her was worried and scared for him.
Flinn's revelation heightened Roxanne's interest in the discussion. There was so much pent up sadness hovering in the air, Roxanne was starting to feel it dwell upon her as well. Lancelot didn't seem so stuck up anymore. Something in her wished she could stand up and hug him, while another part was still furious at him.
"You couldn't have known anything Your Grace. You couldn't have seen it coming, because if you did, you would have stayed at home that night. And you would never have let Bran play on the ice. You know why? Because you loved your brother more than anything else in the world, and deep down, you still do. That's why all of this is hurting so much. You are angry Your Grace, and you have been for such a long time. Forgive yourself."
"Why didn't I see it coming for goddess sake?!" Lancelot was growing apprehensively. All the questions that he had asked himself for years were gradually slipping out of his tongue. Maybe, just maybe someone else would have the answers for him.
"Because you are not some psychic or a witch! And that is exactly why Athaliah was able to manipulate your thoughts and test you with such an important subject matter. She knew, and she was able to see that your post-traumatic stress disorder from Bran's death and the events that followed it were your greatest weakness, and that was how she used it against you. That was why she said those words to you, to reel you up. And look! It didn't work, you passed." PTSD? Roxanne asked herself. Every word that came out of Lancelot's mouth, every feeling that followed his sentences, every bit of anger, hurt, pain, everything worked together to soften her heart slowly. She had worked closed to him for weeks, and could never imagined that he had so much going on with him.
Lancelot scoffed and looked away from her.
"I am not doing this, not now," he spoke, with a tone of dismissal, but Flinn wouldn't give up. It was now, or never again.
"Not doing what? Facing the truth," she snapped, provoking Lancelot.
"You don't know anything about the truth," he replied, with an oddly calm tone. However, Doctor Flinn was not done yet. If everyone else pushed him to the edge for bad reasons, why did she always hesitate to do so, when she had his interest at heart?
"Maybe you're right. But, I do know that none of this is your fault. You lost such an important figure in your life at such a young age, yet, you were not even allowed to shed a tear, cry or grief. Your mother simply decided it was time to pick you up and mould you into her sick definition of a man, no disrespect to her. But, the one thing you needed, you never got. A shoulder to cry on when the nights got tough. And even when you tried to get into therapy, to have someone to talk to, your mother took you out, told you it was for WEAK men. She deprived you of a chance to feel anything." When she noticed Lancelot had calmed down, she continued to speak.
"You channeled all that anger and pain into becoming the man you are today, creating this tall alter ego of yourself. You need to allow yourself come down from that high horse, Your Grace. Walk on the ground, and you'll be surprised what treasures the Earth has for you."
Roxanne could not help it anymore. As she listened to Flinn's advice, a lot became clearer to her. All those times when Lancelot had pushed her away, ignored her, snapped at her, it was never because he hated her. It was all because those were the only things he knew how to do. How could he understand the concept of love and affection when he had never experienced it?
Lancelot was never the problem, his mother was. Madeline was the sole proprietress of everything Lancelot had become.
Tears welled up in her eyes and ran down both side of her cheeks freely.
From where he sat, Lancelot noticed this and stood up to rush to her. He placed his hand on her face gently and wiped the tears off her eyes.
"Is she awake?" Flinn asked, her voice had taken a gentle tone. Lancelot was now soft and calm, like an abandoned puppy who had just been adopted by a caring family.
"Not yet, her eyes were just wet," he replied calmly. He admired her beautiful face as he caressed the top of her head gently. Roxanne's heart warmed up, the same way the feeling of his skin warmed her head.
"You care about her," Flinn spoke up.
"More than you can imagine," Lancelot replied.
Roxanne would have been happy, but she knew why. Now that she was pregnant, he would definitely care for her because she was with his child.
"You're going to be a father soon, you would need to forgive yourself, your parents and heal from your past. Else, you might end up doing the same thing you resent your parents for," Flinn said aloud again, making sure that it sunk into his
ears.
Lancelot heaved a deep sigh.
"I just want to be happy with her, Doctor Flinn. With or without the baby. But, I've hurt her so much, lied to her, put her in so much danger. I don't know if she'll ever forgive me, I don't know if I deserve to be happy." His voice was calm and soft against her ears. A sad smile grew in her, but didn't make it to her face.
Did he really mean all that he had said?
"You deserve to be happy, Your Grace. You have made your mistakes, but you are willing to correct them. You deserve someone who you can be yourself around. You deserve someone who wouldn't think you weak for showing your happiness or joy, your anger or your pain. You deserve someone who would love you at your worst."
"She was there for me, even when I was always insensitive," Lancelot finally admitted to himself. He regretted that it took him almost losing her to accept the fact.
"You should talk to her, be honest with her about everything. Including the baby she's carrying. She's a human with an alpha wolf inside of her, make her understand that it comes with its own...baggage."
Lancelot sighed, and was going to speak, but the voice at the foot of the door was faster.
"By the goddess, I could have sworn it wasn't true!"
Lancelot turned his head sharply to the direction of the voice, and an immediate scowl formed on his face.
With a deep frown laddered with anger and disdain on her face, Madeline Dankworth stood at the foot of the door, boiling with rage at the sight of her son in the midst of the two women she had fought to keep him away from. Lying down, Roxanne's heartbeat quickened in terror at the sound of the voice.
What was she doing here? Roxanne asked herself.
###CHAPTER 90: HE WAS WRONG
"Please tell me I am seeing things, and that my son isn't standing next to the one thing he should be avoiding!" Madeline spoke, dramatically flinging her hands into the air as she took elegant strides into the room, charging towards her son. Madeline had watched Lancelot slip out of the palace in the earlier hours of this morning; just immediately after his meeting with Edward. Deep down, she had prayed and hoped, even forced herself to believe that Lancelot was attending official duties. However, after she sent trusted men after him, she realized the reverse was the case.
Lancelot was reported to be in the hospital. Her son was no doctor or salutary wolf, so, he would have been in the hospital for one reason only; to see someone.
Throughout the drive to the hospital, even with her second son by her side, Madeline found it hard to set her thoughts straight. She continued to hope for Lancelot's sake more than hers-that he was not at the hospital to see that...disgusting human woman.
However, what she saw in the room had only confirmed her biggest fear.
Flinn frowned on seeing her. Though she was the queen dowager of their pack, Flinn wasn't Madeline's biggest fan.
Lancelot noticed the frown on Flinn's face, and stepped forward. If there was going to be any altercation which was very predictable from the tension in the room-it was going to be between him and his mother. Not his mother and Doctor Flinn.
"Mother, you didn't have to be here," Lancelot spoke calmly, even though he took a defensive stance in front of Doctor Flinn and Roxanne. It was a silent warning to Madeline; before she went for the two women, she would have to go through him.
Madeline frowned when she noticed this, and stepped back. Lancelot never seemed to learn his lesson.
"You're right about that. I wouldn't have had to if you had done what was expected of you."
As Madeline spoke through her clenched teeth, she heard Flinn scoff in annoyance. And that was enough to cut the thin thread her self-control had been hanging on. Now, she was going to go for the woman with full force and nothing would be able to stop her.
She pushed past Lancelot and charged towards the doctor, who rose from her seat on seeing how furious Madeline stomped towards her. Of course, it would be treason to insult the queen dowager, but that did not mean that Flinn could not give her an honest word; or two, or multiple.
"You," Madeline muttered in anger, when she finally stood, face to face with Doctor Flinn. Lancelot turned his back and focused on the two women. From the look on Madeline's face, Lancelot knew it would be a waste of his time if he tried to calm his mother down. So, he decided it was best to allow her say what she wanted to say. Knowing fully well, that Doctor Flinn was his mother's perfect match.
"You are the one instigating my son, are you not? Making him think all these silly things and harbor all these treacherous ideas. You are the one feeding my son with garbage." As she spoke, she leered at Flinn, and the doctor rolled her eyes while maintaining eye contact with the queen dowager.
"I am made to believe that with his stance, stature and age, that the Alpha is capable of making decisions for himself," Flinn retorted, with an annoying bluntness in her tone.
"Decisions that you bloody put in his head!" Madeline's aggravation was growing with every second she spent standing in front of her son's... psychic.
"I warned you to stop seeing him, did I not? Do you have a knack for going against the monarchy, or is this a new habit I need to curb?" Madeline sought to intimidate Flinn, reminding her of her position in the monarchy, and in the royal house. Her tone reminded Flinn - just in case she forgot that one word could have her thrown into prison without the privilege of a trial.
"With all due respect, my queen..." Flinn paused, an amused smile on her face.
"My bad, I mean queen dowager, since your son is Alpha King now. Once Lancelot turned eighteen, he could visit me as he wished. Neither he nor I was answerable to you from then on. Lancelot is my patient, and I am his doctor." Flinn's tone was firm, adamant, unmoving.
And Madeline was growing indignant. She scoffed bitterly, and stole a glance at Lancelot, before focusing on Flinn once more.
"Lancelot is your patient? So, my son is sick now?"
"Your Highness..."
"Do you have any idea how hard I've worked for him? How hard I toiled day and night endlessly to make sure that he sat on the seat he is seated now, you know? The one you're so desperately trying to throw him off? I guess not. His father and I broke protocol, fought wars and conquered lands, we spilled blood, just to make sure that when it was time for him to be crowned Alpha King, no brows would be raised!"
She paused, to catch her breath, then continued.
"So, if you think that I would sit down, fold my hands and watch you make him send everything I have worked for to ashes, then, you have certainly thought the worst of me." There was an unspoken threat in her voice, and everyone in the room; including Roxanne, took note of it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot stared in shock at his mother's revelation of anger. He had always heard her say she sacrificed a lot, but never knew or cared to ask - exactly what she meant. Madeline stood fixed at her spot, trembling with anger as she shot daggers in form of stares at the silly doctor.
Flinn, on the other hand, would not be moved.
"That is and has always been the problem. You did what you thought was best for him, you never cared about what he wanted. Lancelot never asked for any of those things you did. All he ever needed was a mother...and that was the one thing you failed to..."
Flinn's sentence hung midair when Madeline's right hand gripped her throat firmly. Flinn's eyes widened in horror as she tried the punch Madeline's hand away. Lancelot saw this and rushed to them, finally deciding that his mother had said, and done enough.
He had never seen Madeline lose her temper so quickly.
Lancelot rushed to his mother and snatched her hand away from the doctor's throat. Flinn staggered back as she coughed, gasping for air. Lancelot shot Madeline a glare, but she paid him no mind.
Her gaze and anger were still fixed on Doctor Flinn.
"You would not be the one to tell me if I was a good mother to my son or not. You are not even worthy to stand on the same ground as I do..."
"That's enough mother," Lancelot snapped, gripping Madeline's right shoulder. His mother turned to him with a stony glare.
"You should go home now mother. I would meet you at home," Lancelot spoke, fighting hard to be as calm as he could. Everything Doctor Flinn had said was true, yet, Madeline refused to listen to the voice of reason; she refused to see her mistake.
Roxanne remained quiet, while she boiled in rage within her. In a way, her mother and Madeline were similar. They always did or said what they thought was best, without caring how it made the children feel. Her mother had accepted Rayla's marriage to Jonah, while Madeline thought it was best to fling her son into leadership.
Madeline flung her son's hand off her shoulder and turned to face him.
"I am not going anywhere until you come with me." "Mother..."
"You should be celebrating with your family, with your kinsmen. The party is about to start, and yet, here you are by the side of the one person you swore in front of your whole pack to stay away from!" "Mother please!" Lancelot was already growing extremely impatient.
"You need to leave now. I would be behind you in less than ten minutes."
On hearing his last statement, Madeline cleared her throat in satisfaction and straightened her stance. She tilted her head backwards, to peep at Roxanne, before returning her focus to her son. "Let it be known to you, my dear son..." She paused, and placed her both palms on his cheeks.
"That I would die, before this peasant human becomes anything more than what she already is. And I would not be dying anytime soon."
Before Lancelot could manage a retort, Madeline brushed past him and walked, with her ever calculative steps, out of Roxanne's room.
He cast one long and apologetic look at Doctor Flinn, who smiled with understanding, before shaking his head and focusing on Roxanne, who still lay unconscious in front of him. Deep down, he was glad she wasn't awake to hear all that was being said.
Only, he was wrong.
###CHAPTER 91: ANOTHER ONE?
Emily touched down at London's airport at exactly 9:30am. She was not supposed to be here until 11am, but after she heard the news of her friend, Emily knew that every second she spent away from Roxanne, would have to be paid for with her mental health.
She managed, by the slightest chance, to get a ticket to a 5am flight leaving America for London. She didn't care how overpriced the emergency ticket was, she bought it the second she set her eyes on it.
By 4:30am, she was already at the airport, and the plane was ready to depart by exactly 5:15am. The universe had to be working in her favor, she thought. Emily didn't know how else a journey that normally took five to seven hours could be covered in just four.
After arriving at the airport, she went through all necessary protocols, before arriving at the waiting room. After waiting for five minutes, she decided to call the man who had informed her of her best friend's accident - the one who worked for Dankworth company to inform him of her presence.
Emily was both nervous and anxious to see Roxanne. It had been impossible to get back to her incredibly hot make out session after she received the call, and even harder to get some sleep in order to prepare her for the journey ahead. Now, she was standing in the middle of the waiting room, her luggage in her hand, suffering from lack of sleep, coffee, breakfast and running thin on patience. She had already dialed the Dankworth official's number, whose name she couldn't quite remember, five times. And on every dial, she found out the phone was switched off.
Okay, what the actual f***? She cursed, within her. Who puts off his or her phone when expecting an international visitor? Didn't he know that flights could leave earlier or later than scheduled? That was the reason why you always had to keep your phone ON.
Emily slipped her free hand into the back pocket of her black denim trousers and pulled her luggage behind her as she approached the entrance of the airport.
It was obvious the man's phone wouldn't be coming on anytime soon, and there was no way in hell she was sitting in that waiting room until 11am or even 12pm. So, she settled on a strong resolve; she was going to find Roxanne by herself. She wasn't a stranger to Europe after all, so, how hard could it be? Besides, anything was better than sitting here and losing her mind with every passing second.
When she got to the entrance, she walked towards the first taxi she set her eyes on. The driver turned to her, beaming with excitement; she was probably his first passenger for the day, she thought.
Emily managed to return the elderly man's smile, before speaking.
"I would like to be taken to the..." She paused for a while. Where would she say she was going? The name flashed in her mind immediately. Dankworth! Yes, if she went to the company Roxanne worked, she was sure to get a lead from there. "Dankworth. I'm going to Dankworth building."
The man arched a brow in confusion.
"Which would it be ma'am? The office building, the palace or the hospital?"
Emily blinked sporadically at the man's question. Woah! There was a palace, an office building and a hospital. Exactly how rich were these people again?
However, she knew that from the report she was given, there were very high chances Roxanne was in the hospital. So, she decided to try there first, if she was wrong, she would call the Dankworth official, yell his brains out, and make sure he refunds every pound she spends on this trip, before finding Roxanne.
"The hospital please."
"Very well ma'am." He pressed a button by his side that opened the back door of the car. Emily put her luggage into the back seat, before opening the door of the front and settling into it.
She dug her hands into the strands of her thick nappy curls she had dyed blonde just a week ago. Emily wondered, with a smile on her face, what Roxanne would have to say about her choice of color.
She sighed as the car engine roared and the driver set out, into the busy road. It was just as busy as Manhattan, but nothing close to it. While Manhattan had a rowdiness to its traffic, London's traffic seemed to be as uptight and organized as the people in it.
Emily listened in silence to the tune of Mozart the driver played from his stereo. How was it that everything in this place reminded her of Roxanne. She couldn't look at one thing without wondering what her friend would think, or must have thought about it. Emily couldn't wait to see Roxanne, "peace of mind" would be nothing but a myth until she did so.
"The road isn't always this busy. There was a big event with the monarchy yesterday, and most guests are returning back to their countries," the driver spoke up, and Emily nodded absentmindedly. She was in no mood for small talk, and hoped the elderly man would understand.
"Turn left into Dankworth hospital." The female sound of the AI in the driver's GPS caused Emily to snap out of her trance and focus her eyes on the road.
She was finally here, she thought, elated.
The driver turned into the hospital, and drove into the car park. He was going to make a left turn to search for a suitable parking space, when another car - a black Tesla, from what Emily could see crashed it's trunk into the front of the car.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Emily screamed in fear and pressed both palms against the roof of the car, for fear of the airbag bursting out of the front seat.
The car didn't stop, it continued to move and pushed the taxi backwards for ten centimeters, causing both Emily and her driver to scream in fear, before the two cars came to an abrupt halt. The elderly driver watched, with quivering lips, as smoke emanated from the bonnet of his car.
Emily managed to steady her breathing, before anger took over. How was it, that on the day she came to see Roxanne who had just had an accident, she would have an accident of her own, and because of a careless driver who had bought an expensive car without first learning how to drive?!
Beside the cab driver, Emily was fuming with rage. So, when the driver opened his door and stomped out of the car, Emily followed suit, equally ready to rain fire and brimstone upon whoever it was seated behind the wheel of the expensive Tesla.
She stood in front of the cab, beside the driver as he hit the trunk of the car repeatedly, asking for whoever was inside to come out.
The left side of the backseat opened, and a tall and lean man stepped out. Finally, someone she could pour her frustration on had arrived. Without thinking, or even looking at his face - not that Emily cared who he was or could be anyway. The fact that he owned a Tesla didn't make him Elon Musk. She was more than ready to dish him his portion of her morning temper.
"Mister, the next time you want to buy an expensive car, I would advise you..."
"Your Grace! Good morning Your Grace."
Emily was interrupted by the voice of the elderly cab driver. He spoke with a shaky tone as he bowed towards the man who might have just bashed his car!
Her jaw dropped with surprise as she took a closer look at the man standing in front of her. He was tall and lean, clad in an all-black suit, his hair a dark shade of blonde and his blue eyes seemed very uninterested. "What was the commotion for?" Emily heard him ask.
His tone did not carry any hint of remorse, or acknowledgement for what he had caused the elderly man. Instead, he stood there and asked his question as it they were the ones who were wrong. This man was clearly very proud, and Emily detested proud people.
"What's the commotion for?" she asked, scoffing with disbelief.
"I'm sorry, but are your blind or do you just have an apology disability?"
James Dankworth's face contorted with rage. Who exactly did this crazy black woman think she was to speak to him in such a manner?
Beside Emily, the cab driver whimpered in fear. He moved closer to Emily and held her right hand, there was a plea in his eyes as he spoke.
"Please madam, forget it. My insurance would cover up for all the damages. You should apologize, his family is very..." Emily's scowl deepened. Why was this man taking bullshit from the stuck up white boy in front of her?
"I do not give a damn about who his family is," she snapped, before focusing her stare on James.
"You should," he replied, with an ice cold tone that sent Emily towards the edge of her temper's cliff.
James did not know who she was, but it was clear she didn't know who he was either. If not, she would have never dared to try him.
"Boy, f*** you and your entire family along with it!" Both James and the driver flinched at her outburst.
"If your mother did not teach you to respect elders no matter their status, then she did an awful job. You know why? All humans are equal, no matter the f*** class." As she spoke, she moved closer and closer towards him, and James was forced to look down on the raging woman.
All humans? What was she even talking about? They were not humans.
"Another one? You have got to be kidding me."
James held his reply and looked above the woman's shoulder to the direction of the familiar voice behind them. Emily followed the direction of the rude man's stare and her eyes rested on the most beautiful woman she had ever seen.
###CHAPTER 92: HE HAD JUST THREE DAYS
"Another one? You have got to be kidding me," Madeline spoke up, when she heard the raging woman blab out something about all humans being equal. She forced back the urge to spit. Of course they were all equal. All equally disgusting and incredibly uncultured. Why else would this...swine be making a lot of noise in a residential building.
Emily turned away from the rude man to focus on the elegant woman behind her. The lady who must have been royalty - stood tall in royal blue block heels and a matching body con dress. Emily only knew she was about twenty years older from the aged look underneath her eyes and the thin strands of grey hair in front of her head. Other than that, everything, ranging from her makeup, to her bright blue eyes radiated with a form of goddess like beauty.
The resemblance between the rude man and this woman was so striking, Emily immediately recognized her as his relation... probably even his mother-whom she had just accused of raising a poorly trained child. Well, she wasn't taking her words back, until the woman proved otherwise.
The driver rushed to the woman and knelt at her feet, he placed his head on the ground and cried out for mercy. Emily stared at him in shock.
What was wrong with English people? She asked herself. These people had clearly trampled on his rights, they should have been the ones apologizing! Yet, there he was, on the ground.
"Forgive me, Your Highness, she is my passenger. Please do forgive her as well, she is a foreigner, she has no idea how things are ran here."
Hell no, Emily snapped. He could go on his knees and apologize for himself, but there was no way in hades she was letting him apologize on her behalf, especially when she did not do anything wrong.
She wasn't going to allow her rights to be trampled upon, no matter who the person was.
"Forgive me? They should forgive me? I should be the one forgiving them! We should be the ones forgiving them for bashing your car, not the other way around."
James had had it to his throat with this woman. Did she ever just shut up? Or did all humans have it in them to talk too much, and without control?
"You might want to keep your mouth shut now," James spoke up, and Emily turned to him, her glare glistering with fury and annoyance. If he uttered one more word, she might just have to sleep in an English cell tonight, since she'll be charged with assault.
So, she ignored him and turned to someone she felt would be more reasonable; an elderly woman, his mother.
"Listen ma'am. I must apologize for what I said earlier, about your son's upbringing. But you must understand that he was in the wrong! He bashed this man's car and would not apologize for it." When she was done speaking, she noticed Madeline's left brow arch in mockery, as she stared down at her.
The woman looked Emily from her head to her toe, as though she were nothing but a filthy rag, fit for disposal. She noticed this, and her jaw hardened, anger thrummed through her veins.
It was true what the English proverb said after all; an apple really didn't fall too far from its tree. Mother and son were exactly alike. That is, if mother wasn't even worse.
After deciding the girl was not worth her reply, Madeline ignored her and moved forward, gently kicking the nose of the man who knelt before her. All humans might be equal, but in her world, there was hierarchy, and Madeline made this clear by trampling over the elderly man, as though he were not even there.
Emily's heart broke as she watched. The man seemed very grateful that all she did was step on him, he had expected a worse fate for standing up to himself. Emily was forced to scoff, just how much more pathetic could this place get? Madeline completely ignored Emily's presence and walked to the passenger's seat by the right. She held out her hand to her door and focused her eyes on her son.
"Somebody please find where these pathetic creatures are sneaking into our land from. It's almost like a portal opened for them, or something," she muttered, loud enough for Emily to hear, even though she did not understand what was being said.
James stifled a laugh and turned his back to Emily, in order to enter the car with his mother. However, Emily would have none of it. She was already beyond irritated, she was annoyed, pissed, aggravated, so there was no way either of them was leaving here without doing what was proper first.
With that thought, she stomped towards James, gripped the collar of his suit from behind, and yanked him with force, away from the car. The prince lost his grip on the top of the car and staggered back, trying hard to stop himself from crashing to the ground.
Madeline's eyes flew open at Emily's audacity, and Emily tried to take deep breaths, to calm her anger. When James managed to stand still, without falling, he shot Emily a warning glare. The driver behind them continued to cry for mercy on behalf of Emily, and it was really making her sick.
By the goddess, James was going to take hold of this woman and tear her into shreds. He charged towards her, a dead look in his eyes, but Madeline's voice stopped him halfway.
"James. Go call your brother, he's the human expert between us all."
Emily watched as the James instantly calmed down at his mother's order. He did not spare Emily another glance as he brushed past her. She turned her back to steal a glance at him, before locking eyes with his mother. Madeline simply shook her head, with a bored look on her face.
*******
James was halfway into the hospital, when the one man who had walked in here to search for, stepped out of a corridor.
Lancelot's eyes locked with his brother's. He frowned and moved towards him. He had been going downstairs to speak to his mother, before leaving for the palace with her, he had no idea that James was here too. What was his brother up to this time?
"Brother," James called, his voice reeked of lack of enthusiasm. Lancelot on the other hand, didn't seem to care less.
"What are you doing here?" he growled, and James rolled his eyes, stuffing his hands into his pocket.
"I escorted our mother to the hospital."
"I can see that. What are you doing here, inside?"
James looked over his older brother and kissed his teeth in a short hiss.
"I came looking for you. There's a sticky situation outside. And since you're the human expert, mother decided I come to get you."
Lancelot leered at his brother.
"Human expert?"
"Just follow me."
Lancelot did not say another word as he followed James behind, past the reception hall, out of the door of the hospital, past a fleet of cars and into the car park. Lancelot caught sight of a very familiar dark female figure first, before he saw anything else.
Emily was here, and had somehow managed to get into an argument with his mother. Lancelot let out a long and tired sigh.
Great, just great.
When he approached them, Emily caught sight of him and her frown suddenly dissolved into a smile. Finally, a face she wanted to see had arrived.
"Lancelot!" she called out loud, when he finally stood in front of her. Madeline cringed on hearing the lowlife human call her son, Alpha King of London Pride pack, by his name! She looked to Lancelot to watch his facial reaction. There was nothing there to show the type of rage she wanted him to feel.
He seemed calm, even relieved to see her! Madeline's blood began to boil with rage.
What had become of her son?
Before she could say any more words, Emily watched as everyone around them, including the elegant woman, bow to Lancelot. He waved them all a nod, before they raised their head. Okay, that was weird.
"Emily, right?" Lancelot finally spoke aloud. And Emily nodded eagerly.
"We weren't expecting you this early," he said again, and Madeline rolled her eyes. Of course he would know her. After all, he was mated to one of her kind.
"I arrived hours early," she muttered, frowning when she remembered the annoying official.
"I apologize for the inconveniences, Roxanne is resting now. You can come and see her."
Emily's eyes brightened. From what he said, Roxanne was out of danger and she was resting. Finally, her fears had been covered, her friend was out of harm's way.
"Come, I'll show you to her room," Lancelot spoke, while he took a long look at James, and then his mother.
Elated and anxious, Emily took two steps before him, and Lancelot was going to follow her behind when Madeline called him back.
"I want to get to the palace no later than ten minutes before you."
Before Lancelot could reply, Madeline entered into the car and closed the door. James shook his head at his brother, then slid into the car, right beside his mother. Lancelot watched as their car made a slight turn and drove past the battered one behind them.
When they were out of his sight, he turned back to the hospital and walked briskly behind Emily. He led her up the stairs, into Roxanne's room.
As she stood by the door, Emily caught sight of her best friend wrapped in bandages, like a figurine from a tomb of ancient Egypt. Pain slashed through her heart as she staggered back. She had seen Roxanne in many forms before, but nothing like this. This was too much for her to bear.
She almost fell to the ground when Lancelot caught her from behind, and helped her back to her feet.
"Roxy!" she cried out, breathless and rushed to the side of her best friend. Roxanne's eyes were closed, so she didn't see Emily's face get flooded with tears.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot could not deny that the scene touched a chord in his heart, even Doctor Flinn could see it. He was going to walk into the room, when he heard his phone beep in his pocket. For a brief moment, he tore his eyes away from the emotional reunion in front of him, and dipped his hand into his pocket, taking out his phone.
Lancelot's keen eyes rummaged the screen as he touched his home button. It was a message from the chief security guard; with a video attachment.
His eyes narrowed on the screen and his grip on the phone tightened as he clicked on the message.
The video popped up on the screen, it was a CCTV footage from the courtyard of the palace. The date and time above the screen showed it was less than ten hours from the morning of his coronation.
Roxanne could be seen, walking out of the palace with...
Lancelot frowned when he took note of the face; Elizabeth!
His jaw hardened as he looked up from the phone to Roxanne's body on the bed.
He had been right all along. Someone from the palace was indeed responsible for Roxanne's kidnap, but who could it be?
His mother? Hermione? Lancelot frowned as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. He would just have to find out.
His eyes found Doctor Flinn, who had been watching him carefully, he beckoned on her to step out of the room, and she obeyed.
When they were in front of the room, Lancelot closed the door, before speaking.
"I have to return to the palace now. You can leave when you need to, I cannot thank you enough, Doctor Flinn."
She smiled and placed a hand on his left shoulder.
"You do not need to. When would you be back?"
Lancelot heaved a long sigh. He did not know the answer to that question "I am not certain. But I know I would need you to help me look after her. I'm counting on you."
Flinn flashed him another smile.
"You know you can."
With that, Lancelot nodded, turned on his heels and walked away.
Three days, he thought. He had just three days to make everything right.
###CHAPTER 93: YOU HAD BETTER NOT
Emily was there every passing second. She did not leave her friend's side for a moment, not even for a split second. As she sat there, she continued to wonder what would have happened to Roxanne. Lancelot had said she was involved in an accident, but he had not told her what type, or exactly how much damage it had done to her best friend.
All in all, she was glad that Roxanne was alive. She could not imagine what it would have been like to come all the way from America to London, only to hear...bad news.
The thought sent shivers down her spine as she shuddered, placing her hand on Roxanne's head in an attempt to check her friend's temperature. She had done that over twenty times in two hours.
But, Emily would have none of it. She had imagined her reunion with her friend a million times, and seeing Roxanne in a hospital bed, bundled up like an Egyptian corpse.
She could not help herself anymore. The tears she had fought so hard to keep at bay rushed to the forefront of her eyelids. Emily didn't stop them from flowing; no one was here to watch "tough old Emily" as Roxanne liked to call her, cry her eyes out like a 5 year old child whose mother had just abandoned in the middle of a playground.
Emily's grip on Roxanne's hand tightened as a stream of tears flooded her eyes.
"Roxy..." She paused, making a silly attempt to sniff back her tears.
"I'm so sorry Roxy. I'm so sorry that I let you come here. I should have stopped you from coming here. I should have told you that this place wasn't good for you. But, you were so excited for your new job, a new life, a fresh start, I didn't want to stop you from living your dreams Roxy..." She paused, and bent her head, pressing her forehead to her friend's hand.
"I should have expressed my concerns properly. Now look what's happened to you. I thought about you, every day and every night, I wondered how you were, I prayed to the universe to keep you safe. And even when your family started to come in..." Emily paused and threw her head up, to draw in a long breath. Her tears were choking her, and affecting her ability to breathe properly. Even now, as she thought about how Roxanne's family only expressed concern over her after she had left, anger boiled in the pit of her stomach.
"Your mother was the first to stop by, with Theresa. Said they wanted to see you, speak to you, since your number wasn't going through anymore. I told them, you were in a better place..." She chuckled bitterly.
"Rayla and Jonah tried coming to the house you know? First alone and then together, I gave each of them pieces of my madness. I mean, how dare they try to come for you like that? Even after everything they did. I couldn't stand them, I swear! I could have stabbed Jonah through the f*** throat. I told them we didn't live together anymore, it hurt me to say more than it hurt them to hear, I'm f*** sure of that."
Emily stopped talking and dabbed her eyes with the back of her palm.
"Now, when I return home, how am I supposed to tell them about this Roxy? What happened to you? Who did this to you? I am so sorry I wasn't here to protect you Roxy...I should have been here... "Oh please, all this mushiness is making me nauseous."
Emily's heartfelt speech froze immediately. Her eyes shifted to her best friend's face and she saw Roxanne's eyes opened, beaming with smiles. Roxanne's eyes were hollow and tired, and her face was pale, but at least, she was awake. Emily's heart soared with joy. She hurried and placed both palms on her friend's face to make sure that she was not dreaming, or hallucinating. "Roxy!"
"No more talking too much, just get this mask out of my face." Her words came out as a mumble since she was stuck behind an oxygen mask. With elated eyes and a joyful heart, Emily gladly rid her friend's nose and mouth of the hospital equipment.
"It feels so good to be alive," Roxanne joked aloud, struggling to sit up. Emily rushed to the side of her gurney and raised it up, so that Roxanne was able to sit up without much struggle. Emily still couldn't believe her eyes, not even as she rushed back to her seat.
"They said you were temporarily paralyzed...that you won't be awake till another few hours Roxanne. I...I was so worried..."
"Emily," Roxanne cut in, placing her feeble hands on Emily's. She had heard everything her friend had said and couldn't be more grateful to have someone as amazing as Emily by her side.
"I've been awake for hours now. I heard when you came in, when Lancelot left, the weird doctor woman telling you to leave my face the hell alone..."
Emily chuckled when she thought back to it, but her laughter suddenly dissolved into suspicion.
"If you've been awake all this time, then why didn't you say something?"
Roxanne heaved a long sigh. The question had finally arrived, how was she supposed to tell Emily everything she had heard in the past few hours? Roxanne had to speak to her friend, she couldn't keep this away from her. She just hoped that Emily would understand.
"I need to tell you something Em..."
Emily's eyes narrowed at Roxanne.
"Okay?"
"I didn't want anyone to know I was awake..." "Okay?"
"And I have to tell you this because I need to speak to someone and everything is just slowly driving me crazy, I do not know what to do and it's going to sound unbelievable, but you have to promise me when I say that I'm not crazy, neither have I been hallucinating and everything I'm saying is..."
"Slow down Roxy..." Emily cut in, gently brushing her fingers on Roxanne's arms to relax her. She was too tense to Emily's liking.
Roxanne listened to Emily, and the effect of Emily's skin against hers did a lot to calm her as well. She closed her eyes gently and took in deep breaths. When she was satisfied, she opened her eyes, rested them on Emily before speaking. "Apparently, we are currently living in the land of werewolves."
Emily's hand froze. She arched a brow at Roxanne, but her friend did not seem to be making a joke.
"Yes Emily. Lancelot and every other person you have met since you stepped into this city, have been wolves. Every single one of them."
Emily's jaw dropped instantly.
"You've got to be f*** kidding me."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Mixed feelings, that was what she had when she stepped out of her blue Range rover and closed the driver's door behind her.
Ava adjusted the frame of her sunshades to sit on top her nose, straightened the hem of her black dress before looking up at the mansion in front of her; the Relish house, where she was born and raised. Why did the house suddenly feel strange to her? As though it were no longer hers?
She heaved a heavy sigh before taking steps towards the door of the house. It had been months since she was last here. However, after the recent disgraceful events in the palace, she couldn't stand to be in the four walls of the Dankworth mansion anymore. She needed a breath of fresh air, she needed to be HOME.
When she got to the foot of the door, there was no butler there to welcome her. Ava could not he surprised or annoyed, she had not informed anyone she was coming after all, it was stupid to expect a welcoming party when no one was aware there would be need to welcome her today.
However, when she took two steps into the hall she had ran around as a child, sat in for French, Spanish and piano lessons, she felt a strange sense of belonging.
"Ava!" a soft feminine voice called from the top of the stairs. Ava took off her sunshades and raised her head up. Somewhere upstairs, about five feet away from her, stood her mother. Theresa Relish, the most beautiful woman Ava had ever been lucky to see.
"Mother," Ava spoke up, unsure of how to sound. Theresa smiled and hurried down from the staircase of about a hundred steps-if Ava remembered correctly.
Just when Theresa was about to speak to her daughter, a male baritone they all recognized, thundered from the top of the stairs.
"You would not touch that girl Theresa."
Both mother and child froze on the spot, their eyes rose up to meet the man of the house; their husband and father respectively; Garrett Relish.
A thick cloud clogged Ava's heart as Garrett looked down at her with disdain. Theresa did not dare to take one more step towards Ava after her husband spoke. "What are you doing here Ava? When you should be in the palace, with your in-laws?" he asked, while taking slow strides down the stairs.
Ava looked down at the floor as she spoke, with fear and heaviness in her heart.
"I have come back home father."
She was both shocked and amused when Garrett burst out laughing. As he walked down, he threw his head back in laughter, Ava stood confused. "Home? I don't think you understand what's going on here. You don't have her home here anymore."
"Father!"
"You would not question me child." Garrett now stood in front of his daughter. He raised her chin up so that her blue eyes met his.
"Your home is in the Dankworth palace, your place is beside the Alpha King. There is no room for you here anymore."
Shock flashed in Ava's eyes at her father's statement.
"Father..." She struggled to keep her tears at bay, even it choked her voice.
"You saw what happened at the ritual ground. Lancelot has a mate father, he doesn't want me. He never..."
She stopped when her father's fingers dug into her chin. Theresa's eyes widened.
"So, are you just going to sit down and do nothing about it? Are you going to give up everything you've worked and toiled hard for, all your life for one measly human to snatch it all up and reap where she did not sow? Are you going to bring shame to your father's name after all my boasting? Are you going to forget whose child you are? Are you going to forget that it is my blood, the Relish blood that runs through your veins?"
"No," she spat out, choking on her tears.
Garrett smiled wryly and released his daughter's face.
"I am glad, because if you have forgotten, I would just have to cut you from my family's name."
Ava said nothing, she stood quiet and stared at the feet of her father.
"Royalty has never been in our family lineage, I have been the closest link we've had to the monarchy. But, I made sure everything would have to change with you, you have to give birth to a child, an alpha prince or princess. So, if you decide to go back on our plan, you would by all means, cease to be my daughter."
He moved closer to her and placed a hand on her shaking shoulders.
"Do not fret my child. I am your father after all, think of something, anything that would subtly eliminate your threat, and I would support you in whichever way I can."
Ava's blood ran cold, and even grew colder when Garrett leaned into her.
"I heard the human mate lies in the Dankworth hospital. Make a decision, and I'll pull all my resources."
Ava stayed still as her father moved away from her, leaving her with chills running down her spine, and anger boiling at the pit of her stomach.
Her father was right, she had an assignment, one that she had worked too hard to fail. Her jaw tightened as she looked up at Garrett, who stood beside his wife.
She would not fail him, she thought. She would not fail either of them.
"I would not disappoint you father."
Garrett smiled and leaned into his wife's neck, even as his hands firmly gripped her waist.
"You had better not." He threw back, without giving her a glance.
###CHAPTER 94: LAST NIGHT WAS A LIE?
Ava did not say another word to either of her parents, and neither one walked her to the door, or ensured that she got into her car. Her father only whispered something her mother's left ear, and Theresa's eyes glowed, before she stared in pity at her daughter.
Even if Theresa wanted to hold Ava and assure her that all will be well, she knew she couldn't. It was their tough upbringing that had caused them to be one of the most successful couples in the Relish line, neither Garrett nor Theresa needed their daughter to be soft.
She put her sunshades back on and cat walked out of the mansion; the one she had called her home. She headed straight for her car, opened the door and flung herself into it. When she was safely seated, she b*** her fists against the car horn ferociously, while screaming in anger at the top of her voice, where she was sure nobody would see or hear her; not from the tinted glasses of her car.
Ava inserted her car keys into the keyhole and set the engine to ignition. Her mind wandered back to her father's expression. Garrett had been dangerously calm about everything, which told Ava that she could not flop, Garrett's calmness was more dangerous than his rage.
She drove back to the palace in silence, pondering on her father's words. He had given her permission to "eliminate" her threat. That meant, doing whatever was needed to get Roxanne out of her way; for good. But, what would she do? "Desperate times call for desperate measures. You're a Relish, a daughter of evil mastermind himself, surely you can think of sweet and subtle ways to end this puny human," her wolf teased her from within, and Ava rolled her eyes. Ava needed to plan, and to plan, she needed silence and a clear head. All of which she was going to get once she was back in the palace.
Alas, she arrived at the palace gate, and it was opened for her. She nodded to the greeting of the security guards and drove past them, past the courtyard and into the car park. She alighted from the car and took swift steps - even in her heels towards the palace.
When she got to the door, she threw a smile at butler Lee who stood by the door and walked inside the palace. She headed straight for the stairs, climbed the flight of stairs in a frenzy and walked briskly, through the corridor, heading straight to her room.
However, a voice stole her attention as she approached the king's father's study; Edward Dankworth's personal library.
Ava tiptoed in her heels, until her body was flat against the wall, to make sure not even the sound of her breathing could be heard. Her ears stood at attention as she listened intently to the voice that had captured her attention.
"I understand your point, Your Highness. However, this is a very crucial matter, and I would not speak of things that I have not seen." Ava fought back the urge to roll her eyes when she heard the voice clearly. She could recall where she heard it; yesterday, both at the afternoon coronation and at the night ritual. She was the witch's sage, Athaliah, the one who had managed to keep the elders from revolting against Lancelot twice.
What was she trying to tell Edward - of course, it had to be Edward inside there, no one else had the right to step in there without his presence or permission, not even Madeline, the Queen.
"Your Highness, I know that of all the supernatural creatures, no one abhors the humans more than the werewolves do, but this is not just a matter of cause, it's a matter of destiny, of fate. If the goddess has mated Lancelot with the human, then it is certain that he should be with the human. We witches joined in the war, we had our share of the suffering as well..."
"And yet, you have not opened your arms to their kind," Edward cut in, Ava smiled in satisfaction at his reply. Athaliah didn't have the power to control everyone after all.
"I am advocating for their union, am I not?"
Edward looked over Athaliah, sighed and leaned into the chair he was seated on.
"It is beyond me, far beyond me. Even if I wanted to, I could not speak for them. What would we tell members of my pack, neighboring packs, the regional and provincial elders? They would revolt against my household. What the humans did to us..."
"Cannot be forgiven. But, we must not forget that it was a long time ago, this human we speak might not even be aware of all that's going on," Athaliah spoke up again, refusing to relent. It took Ava great strength and self-control not to walk into the study and pull that witch out of the room. But, she also needed to hear what was being said. As a she-wolf, she had always known that her kind and humans did not mix, but it was not only a case of superiority complex now, there was something else, something else she was pinning to hear.
"The scars from what they did are still all over us, sage. Look at us, we fear to send our pups out of this continent because the humans have proven they cannot be trusted. The one time our kind put faith in their kind, they captured us, sold us, figured out our weakness was silver, and used their wisdom and technology advancement to steal our powers. You were there, many lost their lives to redeem our cause. They were fathers, mothers, you cannot expect their children to easily forget that."
The bitterness and anger in Edward's voice was eminent, and Athaliah found it hard to think of what next to say. She knew that everything the former king had said was true. There were some sins that were not easily forgotten, some parts of history that could neither be erased from the mind, or from the heart.
Still, if she could strike her next point, maybe Edward would see reason with her.
"I do understand you, Your Highness, but we..."
"Please, sage," Edward spoke, raising his hand in dismissal. He had heard enough already, and his temper was beginning to spark within him. Athaliah had done wonderful things for his son, he would hate to appear ungrateful. "We cannot speak about this any further. There might be a world where humans and wolves would mate and be with themselves, but I'm afraid that the world my son is, would not be that world. I must excuse you now, you do have a long journey to embark on, after all."
Athaliah stayed quiet and watched as Edward lowered his head into a stack of papers. It was a sign that he would no longer listen to anything that was being said by her, and she understood this. So, she excused herself.
"You are right, I must prepare to be on my way now. I also have to check on Queen Hera. I appreciate you listening to me, Your Highness."
Edward did not look up at her, he simply nodded.
Hearing that the witch was leaving, Ava hurriedly tiptoed past the study, and walked briskly, so that she was far ahead of the door by the time Athaliah stepped out.
She had just been impacted with knowledge, and she was still unsure of what to do with it.
However, she was now sure of one thing; the monarchy would never support Lancelot's choice of a mate. Still, she knew that did not give her the opportunity to relax, there was still so much she could do to make sure that Lancelot's union with his human secretary, turned out to be IMPOSSIBLE.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
It was past 10am when Peter woke up to sound of Hera's heels clicking on the floor. He was surprised to see the Queen up and ready to go, especially after how much she had had to drink last night, and all that had happened between them. He was more surprised when Hera met his eyes with indifference, and asked him to rise up.
Bold Hera was home, flirty Hera was gone, daring Hera was also gone. All that remained now, was Hera who seemed like she would rather be anywhere but close to him.
Peter nearly slapped himself when he glanced at the clock in the room. He had to drive Hera back to the palace, and now that it was daylight, it would be hard to do so, without anyone knowing.
However, Hera's silence gave him space to think. At first, Peter did not realize that the woman he had fallen head over heels with was quiet during the drive back to the palace. How could he? When his mind was racing faster than the speed of light.
If anyone caught him driving into the palace, or stepping out with Hera, he would have questions to answer. And Peter wasn't sure he had the strength to lie under the detective gaze of anybody.
Finally, he decided to take a less risky turn and enter the palace through the back gate. It was then he managed to clear his mind and steal a glance at the beautiful woman, who had somehow managed to steal his heart, beside him. His countenance changed when he saw a worried look on her face, he had never thought Hera to be one to worry.
"Are you alright my queen?" he asked, and she turned to him, before flashing him a smile. Peter should have been relieved, but he couldn't. Not when he knew the smile was fake.
A lot of thoughts ran through his mind at once, most of them were questions he knew he couldn't get answers to; was she worried about today? Was she thinking about last night? What did she think about his love making? Did she regret it? He continued to ask himself a million questions, even while his eyes were focused on the road.
Hera noticed when he took a different turn and turned to him.
"I thought we were going to the palace."
"We are. It's a different route I'm taking, we're going through the back," he replied, even while his voice was shaky.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Hera scoffed and turned away from him.
"I see."
"My queen, it's not because I am ashamed of what happened last night. If anything, I am glad it happened and I can only imagine ..."
"Nothing happened," Hera spat out, Peter almost pressed his brakes in the middle of the road, whole he glared at Hera in confusion. "My queen?"
"You must walk around now, and for the rest of your life, with the mindset that you and I never had a conversation," she spoke so calmly, without looking at him, as though she did not know her words were peeling his heart off, bit by bit. Peter could not bring himself to understand what Hera was saying. She had been the one to initiate whatever happened between them in the first place, and now she was denying it? Did she think he did not have feelings? "So, you mean everything that happened last night was a lie?"
"What part of last night? The part where I attended the king's coronation ritual, or the part where I lay my bed to sleep?"
Peter stifled a bitter chuckle. Of course, nothing had happened. What was he even thinking giving his heart out to her, knowing that she would return to the arms and BED of her husband the next day? This one was on him, no one else but him.
So, he said nothing. Until he drove in through the back gate of the palace, and stopped the car beside the infirmary.
"You should get down here, Your Highness. It would appear as though you only went for a walk," he said, without looking up at her.
Hera did not speak to him, she simply opened the door and walked out of the car.
Peter watched her leave, even as his heart tore into a million pieces and crumbled at his feet. He had never felt like this before; the numbing ache and shattering effect of heartbreak.
###CHAPTER 95: THE SLIDESHOW
Lancelot got into his car and drove steadily, yet hastily, with one goal and one goal only; to find out the truth about Roxanne's kidnap. There were so many theories that could be made by looking at the video, Lancelot needed to be sure exactly what it was that happened, and to do that, he needed a plan.
In ten minutes, he was behind his mother's car, and driving past the gate of the palace. The palace environment looked empty now; a signal that most of the guests had left and returned to their various homes. The big ceremony was over, whatever was left to do now, was for close friends and family.
He couldn't help but wonder if it was his aunt, Hermione. But, he did not think his aunt had it in her to kidnap and torture an innocent person in such a way. That personality belonged more to his mother, Madeline, than his aunt. However, he had doubts that it was his mother, there was no hint in her eyes that she had been the one responsible when she saw Roxanne. Lancelot had stayed away from her fight with Doctor Flinn to watch her carefully, but he had found nothing. At that point, Lancelot figured only Elizabeth could tell him the truth. So, he was going to make her speak, one way or another.
By his side, his mother's car came to a halt, and Madeline and James alighted from the car, while guards bowed to them. Lancelot got the same reception when he stepped out of his. Madeline tilted her head slightly to look over Lancelot. Without speaking, she hissed and looked ahead before walking away, a guard faithfully followed her behind.
Now, it was just James and Lancelot in the car park, and neither was ready to cause a scene in the presence of guards, in fact, Lancelot was not ready for a scene at all. He neither had the time, nor the interest.
Lancelot walked ahead, out of the car park, while James followed him behind, as though he was trying to ambush Lancelot.
However, that turned out to be the case. Immediately Lancelot took a step inside the palace, James was behind him to rain fire and brimstone.
"And what exactly was that supposed to mean brother?!" James thundered, as he stood firm behind Lancelot. Madeline, who was halfway up the stairs, looked down at her sons.
"You would not speak to your brother like that James, he is the king," she called out, with a calm and disinterested tone. It told her sons that she only spoke because she ought to. Not because she intended to resolve whatever conflict was about to sprout up between her sons.
Both James and Lancelot knew this, but James was the one determined to take advantage of it. He stepped forward, so that he was standing in front of Lancelot, before staring straight into his brother's distant eyes.
"To hell with you and your crown Lancelot. If you would not respect the throne you're sitting on, how do you expect your subjects to do that?"
Lancelot stayed quiet and continued to stare down at James, with eyes that seemed to see through him. James was infuriated by Lancelot's stare. It made it seem as though he were a ghost.
He scoffed bitterly and eyed Lancelot in anger.
"That measly thing disrespected me, and disrespected mother, just in case you didn't know! She looked mother in the eyes and insulted her! The queen dowager of this pack! Your mother! And you do nothing about. She spits on my authority as your younger brother, still you do nothing about it..." James's rage was evident in the redness of his eyes and the veins protruding from his forehead and his arms.
"...and when she disrespected you, you still said nothing about it! For the goddess's sake Lancelot, that you're mated to one of them should be enough disgrace to this palace, do not drag the likes of her into this kingdom more and more!" Lancelot's teeth grazed each other inside his mouth. He had to stay quiet so that James could stop talking. Lancelot wasn't sure that he could stop the words that hovered in his head if he opened his mouth.
James saw his brother's stillness and silence, and sighed in frustration.
"What you do on that throne is none of my business brother. But, if I should see that human anywhere near this palace, I swear that you won't even be able to find the remains of her bones."
Flashes of red sparked up in Lancelot's furious eyes. Did his younger brother just threaten him? Was James right? Of course he wasn't right about Emily, but, was Lancelot really losing order? It had only been few hours since he was Alpha King, and yet, everything was becoming extremely overwhelming.
"Is that a threat, James?" Lancelot finally spoke, amidst his gritted teeth. James looked over his brother, his eyes laced with disdain one more time.
"It is a promise."
With that, James turned on his heels and turned his back towards Lancelot as he matched up the stairs. Lancelot stood there, rigid with anger.
A lot of things had already happened this morning and he was slowly losing his mind. However, he could not afford to do that. He needed his mind, and his head in alignment if he was going to solve all his problems. He had three days to choose or reject Roxanne before the entire cabinet, and exactly one week before his mistress selection ceremony. He knew what he wanted now, he wanted to be with Roxanne, more than anything else in the world.
But, how he was going to do it, still proved to be a problem. It was sickening and fresh to him at the same time. Lancelot hated his confusion, still, it felt good to have someone and something to fight for.
He had to speak to Peter and...wait, where was Peter anyway? He had not been the one to drop Emily at the hospital, yet, he had not called in for duty. It was very unlikely that his personal assistant had slept in late, since Lancelot failed to see him at the ritual. So, where could Peter be?
"Your Highness."
Speak of the devil, and he makes a grand entrance, Lancelot thought as he looked up the stairs, to see Peter walking briskly towards him.
"I could swear that I heard your voice from the library," Peter spoke, when he finally stood in front of Lancelot, with his head bowed; more to give him time to mask the pain on his face, than in courtesy of Lancelot's presence.
"And I could swear that I haven't seen you since last night. Where have you been?" Lancelot asked, looking over Peter in scrutiny. Everything about his anger toward his brother disappeared, Peter still had a way of lighting up Lancelot's mood, even when his mood was down.
Lancelot could tell that there was something wrong with Peter. His eyes were unusually hollow and his smile seemed staged.
"Running around in the background. There were a lot of things to put in place yesterday, and even today."
"You are my assistant Peter, not the palace's event planner. My mother was there for that, and you're not her assistant either," Lancelot retorted, and Peter chuckled, taking hold of the coat Lancelot pulled off his body and handed over to him.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Still, it was my responsibility, whether directly or indirectly. You need rest now sir."
Lancelot looked over him once more, waiting to see if a hint of what was truly wrong with him would slip out of his mouth.
"Roxanne's friend arrived this morning, you were to pick her up. She ended up clashing heads with my mother and James." There was a hint of accusation in Lancelot's voice, one which Peter caught very easily.
"My apologies, I was wrapped up in guest departures."
Lancelot did not question him any further, he walked up the stairs while heading to his room and Peter followed him behind in silence.
When Lancelot got to his room, he ordered Peter to close the door behind him, and his assistant did. Lancelot slipped his hand into his pocket, put on his phone, stood in the center of his room and ordered Peter to come to him. As usual, Peter did as he was told, although, his heart was pounding furiously against his chest. Lancelot had been extremely nosy about his whereabouts earlier. Peter had almost thought Lancelot was trying his best to get the truth out of him, because he already knew it. And now, he was about to show him something on his phone. What if someone had captured a picture of him and Hera? How would he explain it to Lancelot?
Peter's heart and mind relaxed when he caught sight of the video on Lancelot's screen. It was nothing about him and Hera, instead, Roxanne and Elizabeth stood at the background, soon enough, they turned and began to head out of the courtyard.
"This was few hours before the morning of my coronation. It was the last time Roxanne was seen in this palace," Lancelot spoke up, Peter's eyes met his with doubt.
"Your Grace, you're saying Elizabeth is responsible?"
"I'm saying she is the closest link we have to finding out who is. Whoever hurt Roxanne is in this palace, and may, or may not be directly linked to Elizabeth. That's why we have to get the truth out of them."
Peter's eyes narrowed on Lancelot.
"But how sir?"
Lancelot's lips spread into a thin smile.
"By ambushing them, letting them know that we know. That's the best psychological punishment. But, how do we do that? We need a setting where the whole family is together. I need to be able to watch all their faces closely." Peter's eyes lit up as an idea came to his mind. "Dinner tonight!"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on
05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Lancelot arched his right brow, and Peter cleared his throat.
"The queen spoke yesterday about having a slideshow display, capturing moments from when you were a child to yesterday, when you were crowned. We can use that avenue to showcase the video. Everyone would be at the table then, it would be a perfect opportunity. I have no doubt I would be the one to set up."
Lancelot's lips spread out in a grin, one that Peter was surprised to see.
"How much is your salary again?" he asked, and Peter chuckled, this time, it was genuine.
Just as Peter had said, Madeline asked him to prepare the dining room for the slide show. While the table was being set, and members of the royal household were in their various rooms, preparing for the feast, Peter was in the dining hall, with some other technicians preparing the projector for the display.
Alas, at exactly 8:30pm, the dining hall was filled with everyone. From the Dankworth nuclear family, to their extended relations, including Reuben and Madeline's brother, Bailey. Everyone was seated around the table, and as usual, the table was filled with all sorts of meals, desserts, and drinks.
As they ate and merried, Lancelot continued to look over his shoulder to Peter, just to make sure that everything was set in place. Every time he looked, Peter gave him a curt nod, to assure him that everything was in the right place. Finally, Madeline rose to speak, and everyone's eyes focused on her.
"Attention everyone. As we can all see, there is a slideshow presentation about to take place, tilted Lancelot. And it pictures moments, from when my darling boy was a child, to yesterday, when he made us all proud." As she spoke, the dining room erupted into cheers and round of applause, Ava sat beside Lancelot and flashed him a smile. But, he had other things in mind.
Madeline turned towards Peter and gave him a curt nod, signaling for him to begin. The display screen was placed on the wall, so that everyone on the room could see it clearly.
Peter and Lancelot exchanged one last look, before Peter set the ball rolling.
Everyone stared at the screen in anticipation, waiting to smile and laugh at Lancelot's baby pictures, including Madeline herself. No one was ready for the shock they were about to face, absolutely no one.
In front of the whole family, the video of Roxanne and Elizabeth popped up on the screen. Elizabeth could be seen talking and smiling at Roxanne. Lancelot's eyes began to roam round the room, taking not of everyone's faces. Madeline's left brow raised in query as she turned towards Elizabeth. Hermione, who saw it before her daughter, tapped her furiously. Elizabeth looked up from her glass of champagne and focused her eyes on the screen. Panic swept over her with the force of a hurricane and her champagne glass slipped out of her fingers, shattering into pieces as it touched the ground.
###CHAPTER 96: SO WHAT NOW?
Lancelot's eyes dropped to the floor where the champagne flute had shattered into pieces, spilling the expensive content all over the floor. Terror washed over Elizabeth, freezing her spine and paralyzing her senses, so much so that her hands remained in the air, in the exact posture she had dropped the glass.
She was unable to move, and at a loss for both words and actions. The entire Dankworth house sat in confusion, both Madeline and Edward were extremely pissed that their effort at making Lancelot's first dinner as Alpha King memorable, had proven futile.
Anger flashed in Edward's eyes as he looked around him, his eyes searching for Peter, who was the only one able to give an explanation for what was going on. While Elizabeth sat, hyperventilating, Edward spoke up in anger. "Where is Peter? What is going on here?"
In that moment, Lancelot tore his gaze away from Elizabeth and her mother and raised his hand. Both husband and wife focused their eyes on their son, and the rest of the family followed as well. Each person anticipating what Lancelot had to say.
Edward's blue eyes narrowed at his son and Lancelot sat up, he turned his gaze to Peter who had been waiting for his instruction. He gave him a curt nod; a sign for him to proceed with the second video. Immediately, Peter did as he was instructed. On the projecting screen, a video popped up.
It was the first one Lancelot was sent on the day of the coronation. The one where Roxanne was tied to the chair, bruised and battered. Her shirt was torn, leaving her sports bra exposed. Her head was constantly hit with a plank, and blood trickled down the sides of her face.
Marion and Eloise looked away in horror, Reuben's heart fell, and Arthur stared at the screen with shock. James, who didn't like Roxanne, didn't even seem pleased to see her in such a state. Ava was astonished. She had never thought that there was someone else in this palace who detested the human woman as much as she did, it was a scary but yet, amazing feeling to know that she was not the only one who wanted Roxanne out of their lives.
Edward's jaw dropped in shock. He could not believe what he was looking at. An innocent human, who had done nothing wrong, besides come to his pack, was being treated like an animal, beaten as though she was being prepared for slaughter. He refused to believe that anyone in his family, anyone who lived in his palace was responsible for that. The Dankworth's were tough and strong, no doubt, but they were certainly not beasts.
He swiftly turned away from the gory nightmare he had been watching and fixed his eyes on Lancelot. He spoke through his clenched teeth.
"You have succeeded in making such a big scene at such an important event. Something I can see you're becoming very accustomed to doing Lancelot. So, what is this all about?" Lancelot could hear the annoyance in his father's voice. And the from look on Madeline's face, he could tell that his father was speaking for both his parents.
Therefore, he would not waste their time, or his as well. He leaned into his chair and returned his cold eyes to his frozen cousin.
"I believe Elizabeth would have the proper answer to that question father. Would you not? Dear cousin?"
Elizabeth's heart thundered against her chest. She opened her mouth to speak, but every sound that came out was utter rubbish. She could not form words in her head to speak, she only continued to stutter, while gasping for breath. Hermione could not stand to see her daughter in such a pitiful state. Neither of them had prepared for this, or even seen it coming. How could Lancelot have traced it to them so easily? The CCTV cameras in the palace! How could she have been so stupid to forget those? However, now was not the time to regret or wish she had done things better. Her daughter was in trouble, and she needed to save her.
Hermione sprang up immediately, stealing the attention of the room from Elizabeth, and placing it on herself. With her shaky voice, she spoke up.
"My brother, Your Highness." She bowed to both Edward and Lancelot.
"Elizabeth only took Roxanne for a walk, she had no hand in any of this." She flung her hands into the air dramatically, and Lancelot fought back the urge to send a plate of turkey hurling towards her face. "It was all me! I am responsible for everything. Elizabeth had no hand in it."
From where he sat, Albert watched his sister stutter with fear in her eyes, while his mother pleaded. Surely, he couldn't sit and watch the two of them be embarrassed by his stuck up cousin. He had to do something, he had to stand by their side.
"Do not listen to my mother!" he called out as he stood up. Everyone glared at him with confusion, and Lancelot's scowl only deepened. Edward could not believe his eyes and Madeline rolled her eyes. She had seen enough family drama for one night. Furious, she clenched her fist and b*** them against the table, in irritation. The table shook, the glass and ceramic wares on it shook as well, and the noise earned her family's attention. She sat up, cleared her throat and spread her palms on her thighs.
Finally, everyone thought. Madeline would speak, and since Hermione was the one in trouble, Madeline would spare no words, she would use every venom in her tongue to poison Hermione and send her crawling on her knees. Madeline looked around the dining room, exchanging glances with everyone seated at the table, before she spoke.
"I want to say I am surprised at your character Lancelot, but I'm not. It has become a common habit for you to make a mess of important occasions these days."
Lancelot could not deny that he was stunned by his mother's words. If anything, he had not expected her to admonish him, when Hermione's sins and that of her children were out in the light. "Mother, you can't possibly be facing me, when she is the one who..."
"When she is the one who what? Brought a human into our pack? Allowed a human obstruct a very important ritual, such as the hunt? Kept a secret that she was mated to a human away from the family? Exactly what did Hermione do that was wrong? Everything the human got, she deserved. She is like a sheep in the midst of wolves....literally. What did you think was going to happen?" As she spoke, she picked up a glass of wine and sipped it gently. There was not even a sign of pity on her face.
Lancelot scoffed bitterly. He could not believe that his mother had taken Hermione's side, just to spite the human and he wasn't the only one at the table who had been shocked by this.
"Really mother? Is that why you did this to her?"
Madeline's eyes narrowed in anger, even as her brows furrowed on their own accord.
"So what now? You're accusing me of sending thugs to kidnap and beat her up? You're sharing blames among your family members, and for her?"
Lancelot turned to Peter again and gave him a curt nod. The picture of the queen's door guard, whom Lancelot had caught at the warehouse, came to the screen. Madeline's eyes widened in shock and she shifted uncomfortably in her seat. How was that even possible? She turned to Edward and noticed the scowl and frown of disappointment on his face. Her eyes pleaded innocent, as she stayed quiet. Lancelot shrugged and turned away from his mother.
"I thought as much." He turned his attention to the rest of his audience, some of which were thrilled, some of which were appalled, and some of which were both.
"I would find the one who has done this to Roxanne. And I swear that they would not go scot-free.
Albert was growing more and more irritated with every passing second. As he stood beside his mother, he decided to confront his cousin. For someone who had shamed the royal household times without number, Lancelot still had a lot of nerve to talk in their midst. And it was all because no one had ever dared to put him in his place. Now, he was going to do just that.
He stepped out from his seat, and walked across the table - all eyes following him behind - until he got to the side of Lancelot. Lancelot did not look up at Albert, he kept his eyes fixed on the empty chair his cousin had just stood up from. "You have a lot of nerve sitting there and throwing orders about...YOUR GRACE. Sitting here and threatening everyone, for what? A measly human who doesn't even deserve to be a servant of our servants? She had it coming for her, you know..."
Albert's sentence stuck midair. With the speed of lightning, Lancelot sprung up from his chair and, seized his cousin's hands, and pressed his head down to the table.
"Albert!" Hermione cried out, but Lancelot paid her no mind. His blue eyes glazed with fury as he stared at the back of his cousin's head. Anger thrummed in his veins, and rage poisoned his blood, his grip on Albert's neck tightened, and he felt delight at his cousin's struggle for breath. Besides Hermione, no one dared to stop Lancelot or call out to him.
His jaw tightened when he suddenly recalled all of Albert's silly games. All of which he had kept quiet about earlier. But, clearly his cousin did not know when to shut up.
"Don't you think for a second that I was ignorant to your games Albert. You brought yourself to believe that I was not aware of the stunt you were trying to pull at the hunt, didn't you? You really think I'm stupid, that I didn't see you were trying to get me killed..."
Murmurs erupted from all around the room, and something in Madeline's head sparked.
"And at the coronation? This wasn't because Roxanne was human. No! All of it was because you...and your silly mother, were trying to stop me from attending my own coronation."
Gasps of shock could be heard from all over the dining room. Madeline was surprised at the sudden twist of revelation. She had not expected the issue to turn out the way it did.
Lancelot let out a bitter chuckle, before raising Albert's head up and b*** it against the table again. Albert screamed out in pain, and Hermione cried out, Elizabeth continued to whimper, even as tears ran down her eyes. "You failed Albert. Just like you always have, and just like you always will."
With that, Lancelot released Albert from his grip, and his cousin fell to the ground, gasping for air.
Lancelot turned around and searched for the guards.
"I want this woman and both her children thrown into the dungeon!"
Hermione's eyes widened in terror as three built men approached her. She turned to Edward, in attempt to plead with him.
Edward locked eyes with Lancelot, and was going to say something, but Lancelot was faster.
"I do not suppose you have a problem with that, father."
Edward stayed still and leaned back into his chair, saying nothing. As the guards picked them up, Hermione tried to resist. "You cannot do this to me Lancelot! You have no right! Get your hands of me! I am a Dankworth princess, you would see...!" Her screams were heard until she and her children were led out of the room.
The Dankworth family looked at each other, trying to recover from the shock of what had happened. Except Ava, who was glad within her. Now that it was certain Roxanne had many enemies in the palace, when she finally got rid of her, no fingers would be pointed towards her. Everything would be clean and clear.
She picked up a glass of wine and pressed her lips against it.
###CHAPTER 97: A WAY OUT?
Emily's jaw dropped...
"You have got to be f*** kidding me."
Roxanne sighed and leaned further into her gurney.
"Believe me Em, I wish I was kidding, but I am really not."
Emily was finding it hard to believe anything that was being said to her right now. It felt like she had been hit by a giant asteroid of information and truth and her brain had been divided into millions of invisible parts. She could not even make sense of what she was feeling.
Not only was her friend living in the midst of werewolves, she had been kidnapped by them, and apparently, witches, vampires and fairies with weird healing powers did exist. Everything hit her with a strong shockwave and if Roxanne wasn't her best friend, she would have thought her to be mad.
Roxanne studied her friend's eyes carefully. Of course, she had expected Emily to react like this. In fact, she would have found it extremely strange if her friend was less surprised. Still, it had not prepared her to tell Emily all that had happened in the past few weeks.
"Say something Em, please," Roxanne pleaded, and Emily's shocked eyes moved to her.
"And I thought the writers of teen wolf were crazy. What the hell is going on here Roxy? So you've literally been living with wolves, animals, wild animals, all these months?!" Emily cried out, when she found her voice, and Roxanne frowned. She thought back to the entrance, when Lancelot stepped out and everyone bowed to him. How the taxi driver was pleading for mercy when he was wronged. Of course, it was that way because they were not humans, they were bloody animals! Everything was supposed to make sense now, but nothing did.
"Shhh. Your voice."
"B*** don't f*** tell me to keep my voice down. We have got to get the hell out of here! And I'm talking A-S-A-P f*** levels."
Roxanne's heart suddenly felt heavy, at the mention of leaving. She thought back to all she had heard Lancelot tell Doctor Flinn. Nothing that had happened in their past had been his fault at least, not hundred percent of it still, it wasn't only Lancelot who lived here. There were so many others who would come for her head if she dared to stay. She had already gotten a firsthand taste of their wrath, she didn't need another.
Emily noticed the sad look on Roxanne's face, and moved closer to her.
"You good babe? 'Cause I'm not going to let myself believe that you're sad about leaving this glorified jungle." While Emily sounded soft, there was a subtle reminder in her voice that she would not let Roxanne remain here. Roxanne sighed and forced a smile.
"Of course not. It's just that, I'm not sure I can move my legs. I mean, I can move some parts of my body now, but my legs still feel numb and...what are you doing?" She arched her right brow when Emily placed her hands on both of Roxanne's legs.
"You know what? S*** your legs."
"S*** my legs?"
Emily sighed. "I didn't mean it like that, you know it. We're going to find a physiotherapist back home, but we need to get out here. And I mean it Roxy, as soon as possible." Defeated, Roxanne leaned out of the bed, bringing her face inches closer to Emily.
"Fine, we'll escape. You just focus on getting us a ticket out of here, and I'll think of something. In the meantime, we can't let anyone know I'm awake, I'll be safer that way. When you hear someone coming, you lower the gurney, and I'll continue to play paralyzed. That way, no one would suspect anything and our disappearance would be smooth."
Emily had still not managed to piece her thoughts together, but she just nodded along to Roxanne's plan. After all, she was the one thinking straight between the both of them, so she was the one who could come up with the plans. However, Roxanne had still not been able to shake the sadness of leaving Lancelot from her mind.
"I ain't gonna lie Emily, I'm worried about Lancelot."
Emily shot Roxanne a glare, giving her the same look she would give to anyone who had just been possessed by an evil spirit. Roxanne noticed this, and decided to explain herself.
"I recently overheard a conversation he had with his therapist..."
"Great, so animals undergo therapy too."
"I'm serious Em. He's really not as bad as we think he is...as I thought he was."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Emily sighed and leaned into her chair when she saw the sadness in Roxanne's eyes. There was no doubt, her friend had fallen head over heels in love with this man...sorry, wolf...man wolf? Wolf man? Whatever. So, she decided to think of something that would brighten her friend's mood. It was then she remembered a visitor she had failed to mention earlier.
Her eyes lit up, as she flashed Roxanne a smile.
"Guess who came around when you were away?" She started, and Roxanne sighed, falling back into her gurney.
"I heard your speech Em, I know my family..."
"Hardy. Thomas Hardy."
Now, that was a name Roxanne had not expected to hear. She pulled out of the bed immediately and stared at Emily with disbelief.
"Say what?"
"Say Thomas came. Said he was fired by higher ups. Forces even bigger than the directorial board of LexCorp. Said he was told that he owed someone an apology, and that if he needed to sleep with people, brothels were available. Turns out, what he had been up to was brought to limelight, so, his resume is tainted, and he might not be able to get a job in America, again. Great news, isn't it?" Emily spoke, laughing out loud. Roxanne found it amusing too. Hardy deserved it and any other bad thing that was coming his way. But, she couldn't help but wonder who the "higher ups" might have been. Emily seemed to be thinking the same thing too, her next question proved it.
"Say, do you think Lancelot f*** Hardy up?"
Roxanne thought deeply, the thought had crossed her mind as well.
"I wouldn't know for sure, but he does seem like the type. He's power itself over here, but I think his wings would let him reach America."
"Wolves don't have wings. See why you needed to take biology seriously," Emily cut in, and both of the laughed. Though, she was scared out of her mind; for both herself and Roxanne, she knew her friend had been through a lot, and a little "Emily magic" was necessary in brightening the mood.
"Seriously though. Do you think he'll come find you, if we leave?" Emily only realized how silly the question was, after she had asked it. Of course he would come searching for them. She herself, had seen the look in Lancelot's eyes when he looked at Roxanne, she had seen his distress. There was no way he wouldn't tear down the whole Manhattan to find them.
"Do we run? Or do you just tell him you're no longer interested? With everything that you've been through, he should understand," Emily asked again. It was good they explored other safer options. She didn't know what Lancelot was capable of anymore.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! Roxanne sighed. She was going to have to drop another bomb on Emily now. It sucked, the more she tried to simplify things; the more things became extremely complicated.
"I don't think he'll let us leave either way, Em," Roxanne spoke calmly, but Emily only grew apprehensive. She did not like the fact that Roxanne seemed too reluctant to leave. "What are you talking about Roxy? He clearly knows..."
"I'm pregnant!" she spat out. The words fell on Emily's ears like missiles targeted straight towards her.
"Lancelot knows I'm pregnant, with his pup, he won't let me leave. It's crazy because I had no idea that I conceived during our one night stand. I mean, I know that I was stressed and tied up from everything that was going on. The trips to different kingdoms, all the work, still, I should have known right?"
Emily found it hard to close her mouth, her jaw dropped, leaving her mouth ajar. There were absolutely no words she could say that would make sense right now. P-R-E-G-N-A-N-T! How on earth?!
"You're pregnant, and you didn't know? It's been almost three months Roxy," she managed to say, after she had barely found her voice.
"I know. But, I overhead the doctor saying that I was carrying an alpha wolf with strong blood..."
"You're pregnant with a wolf?" Emily cut in again. With every passing second and every new information Roxanne told her, she drove closer and closer to madness.
"Yes...and the symptoms wouldn't be clear at first, but once the baby began to show, I would get really weak, and I don't know Em, I'm so scared..." Emily saw Roxanne's eyes softened as she spoke.
With concern, she drew herself closer to Roxanne and held her in her arms. She could tell Roxanne was scared and confused. She wasn't the one with an animal growing in her, but she was still frightened. "It's okay, Roxy...we'll find a way out of this. Some way, somehow," she said, patting Roxanne's head gently.
She had no idea how they would do it, but she knew they had to find a way out of this situation...
###CHAPTER 98: A CLEAN KILL
Immediately the "dinner turned catastrophe" was over, Ava excused herself from the dining room, before any of the Dankworths did. There was no doubt they were going to have a long and brutally honest family discussion after what had happened. It would have been nice to stay back and listen, since she would soon be a part of the family as well. But, Ava knew she had more pressing issues to attend to.
Now that it was obvious she was not the only one who sought to send Roxanne to hell, she was certain that when she finally did, there would be no way Lancelot would be certain it was her. Except he had solid proof, but, with the method she had devised, no one would know what happened. It would be said that she died in her sleep, a slow and less painful death.
Lancelot would be devastated, no doubt, but he would be alright. And everything would be back to normal, as go as it had always been planned.
She was absolutely delighted and could not wait to share her good and smart news with her father. So, she hurried into her room, made sure that her door was closed firmly behind her, before walking towards her well-dressed bed, and settling into it, with a broad smile on her face. She picked up her phone from the top of her bedside drawer, where she had left it to charge. She continued to grin from ear to ear, eager to hear what her father had to say.
She opened her phone and searched for her father's number. Her smile widened when she found it, and with a glad heart, she clicked on it. It rang without an answer for about ten seconds, before Garrett's thick baritone could be heard at the other end of the phone.
"I believe you called because you have good news." He did not sound half as enthusiastic as she was to hear her voice, but Ava didn't mind. Once he heard what she had to say, his mood would change, she was sure of it.
"That, father, is because I do have both; good news and a very solid plan."
"Hmmm," she heard her father hum some muffled sounds, before he spoke up again.
"Go on child, let me hear what you have to say."
Ava did a small victory dance in her head, before she adjusted herself, held her head high and cleared her throat.
"Well, from what happened at the dinner table, it would appear that we are not the only ones in this palace who want the human woman out of the way, whatever the reason may be."
"And this is good news because?"
"Think of it father. When we finally have Roxanne out of the way, Lancelot would not be able to point fingers at us without proof, which he would definitely not have. And again, he would also have three prime suspects, if not four. And your daughter would not be one of them."
Ava couldn't see him, but she could feel her father smile.
"You don't say?"
"As a matter of fact father, I do. I have also devised an extremely apt plan. If everything goes accordingly, no one would know what happened. It would be as though she died in her sleep, like a baby."
"You intend to suffocate her with a pillow?" Her father's question nearly caused her to laugh, but she held it in, for fear of annoying him. Granted, the apple didn't fall to far from the tree, but this apple seemed to be smarter than the tree it fell from. Perhaps, that was why it fell in the first place.
"No father. Using physical means would be extremely dangerous, since there are spy guards mounted around her room. You can't see them, but they are there."
"Get on with the plan girl." Impatient, Ava noted, just as he had always been.
"You said you have connections in the hospital, didn't you father?" "I did."
"Good, so we would have to get a nurse, or a doctor to do something for us. We would have a poison injected into her blood, one that would take her out, even while she is unconscious. It's a good thing she's still in her coma now, she would just never wake up. And when the doctor returns to check her pulse tomorrow morning, he would see that she has passed away. Easy, simple and effortless. Nothing could go wrong dad, I'm sure of it!"
Ava was elated to hear the satisfaction in her father's growl. From the other end of the phone, she heard him give her a round of applause. Ava blushed, she was happy to know that her father was proud. "Bravo child! You are still my daughter after all."
"Always will be, father."
"I am glad. This your plan is excellent! Even I wouldn't have been able to think of it. I should begin to fear you, but then, you're only but my student. Very well, I would find one of my loyal sources and get someone to do the job, you just relax and wait for the good news."
Ava nodded. "Yes father."
"In the meantime, I would need you to lay low. Do not fling yourself at the Alpha King too much, in fact, you have to be scarce in these times. When the reality of the human's death hits him, he would come looking for you."
Ava's smile broadened at the thought. She could imagine Lancelot's head on her thighs, while he leaned into her for comfort. She could almost see him needing her, wanting her with every fiber of his being. The human woman would be gone, and she would be all he has left. Then, she would shower him with love that would consume him. And in a matter of months at most - the human woman would be nothing but a folktale in the palace. It would be as though she never existed, even though she would be talked about.
Ava nodded once more, she would do as her father had said.
"Yes, father. I would do as you've said."
"You should," he replied curtly, before the line went dead. Ava smiled and relaxed, leaning her back against the headboard of her bed. "Bye bye, human."
Emily's eyes drifted to the clock in the room. After Roxanne had fallen asleep, from the heaviness of her last shot, Emily was left with no other form of company than the book in her hands and the ticking sound of the clock. From what she could see now, it was 10pm already. Still, she couldn't bring herself to fall asleep, even though the bench she currently sat on, was long enough to accommodate her.
How could she sleep? When she knew that she was in a land of wolves with people roaming around and waiting to kill Roxanne. She had to be extra careful, so, sleep decided on its own, to elude her. Emily could not tell if she was grateful for that or not.
She looked away from the clock, back to the book in her hands, when she heard the door knob turn. Defensively, she sat up and stared at the door. She watched it open slowly, a nurse, rather too short, walked in, with a metal tray in her hands. Emily called her attention once she was in the room.
"Who's there?" she called out. She noticed the nurse stand still for a moment as though she had not expected anyone to be here before she turned to face Emily. Emily couldn't make much out of her appearance.
Her nose and mouth in fact, half of her face was covered in a blue nose mask, her hair was wrapped in a surgical cap, and gloves were directly underneath the long sleeves of her blue scrubs. So, Emily could not even pick out a complexion since most of her body was covered. Which was weird, other nurses she had seen come in did not put so much effort into covering themselves up.
"Is there a problem?" Emily asked, when the nurse's eyes were on her.
"Not at all, I'm only here to give her her medication."
Medication? Emily thought. It was 10pm, way too late for any sort of medication. Besides, some nurses were here barely two hours ago to give Roxanne her last dosage. The nurse must have made a mistake.
"I'm sorry, there seems to be some kind of mix up. She just had her last shot two hours ago, the nurses said so," Emily spoke up, before returning her eyes to the book after dismissing the strange nurse. "No, no. I haven't made a mistake at all," the nurse spoke, in a muffled tone. Emily raised her eyes from the book once more, and raised a brow in query.
"This is to hasten her waking up. The nurses forgot to add it to her medicine, so I was sent to do so."
Something about this nurse felt off, Emily noted. But, she was willing to give it a try. After all, Roxanne's room was well guarded, nothing and no one who wanted to harm Roxanne would be able to get through.
She dropped the book on the bench and rose up, to assist the nurse in adjusting Roxanne's gurney for the injection. However, as she walked past the nurse, fatigue caused her to brush her shoulder gently, and the nurse lost her grip on the tray, causing it and everything in it to fall to the ground.
Emily's eyes cleared instantly as she turned back to look at the damage she had caused. She was going to lower herself and help the nurse gather her things, but she couldn't. The strange nurse dived to the ground, with an urgency and speed Emily found totally unnecessary. She watched as the nurse knelt to the ground, and gathered the items with shaking hands.
Emily's eyes narrowed on her. Something didn't feel right at all, this lady was behaving far too strangely, and Emily couldn't ignore it anymore.
When the nurse was halfway up, Emily lowered herself and held the nurse's hands firmly. Even in her grip, they were still vibrating. Was she new here? Was she scared of given a patient a shot? Or was there something Emily wasn't seeing clearly?
The nurse's eyes stared back at her with a coldness Emily found disturbing.
"Are you new here?" Emily asked, when they were finally standing straight.
"I don't think I have seen you around before."
"I am a junior nurse, but if you want, I can go call my superiors."
No, there was definitely wrong with this nurse. Her voice was strained, and it wasn't only as a result of the nose mask that covered her mouth. Emily also sensed that she was trying to change her voice. Buy, why would want to do that? Emily's eyes narrowed on her as she released her.
"Never mind, I'll go get the nurses myself." She made an attempt to walk past the nurse, but she was not allowed to go very far. She felt a strong grip on the hem of her T-shirt, before she felt herself being flung towards the bench. Emily could not stop herself from flying all the way to the wall, before her back hit the hard concrete and she collapsed to the floor, screaming in pain.
She saw the nurse dash out of the room in that instant, and she heard loud voices approach the door, before she seized to hear, or see anything at all.
###CHAPTER 99: ANOTHER CHANCE?
Dinner was a lot more than exhausting for Lancelot. He had never been the type to talk too much, but everything that happened at dinner, required too much talking. When he was back into his room, and in the comfort of his bed, he managed to allow his thoughts drift to more happy things; such as the life he intended to build with Roxanne.
While he was still swirling in his thoughts, he got a call from Doctor Flinn.
"Your Grace, you have done a lot and been through so much stress already. Do get some sleep please," she had said, and Lancelot had promised her he would go to bed. Shortly after, butler Lee came in as well. Lee on the other hand, was not very lenient on making Lancelot rest; he was very strict and told the Alpha King that he would not step out of his room, until Lancelot gave him his "gentleman's word" that he would put his phone off and go to sleep; at least for this night. Defeated, Lancelot gave him and did as he had said he would.
His eyes opened― much to his dismay look at the caller ID.
slowly, he was not aware that he had not switched off the phone. He sat up quickly and picked up from the top of his bedside drawer. His eyes looked at the time first, 5:10am, before he took a close
"Spy guard," he read aloud. Instantly, he sat up. His brows furrowed as he wondered why the guards he had placed in Roxanne's room would be calling by this time of the morning.
He answered the call and pressed the phone to his right ear. Subconsciously, he swallowed hard on his saliva, while his heart continued to race. "Hello..."
"Your Grace, we have been trying to reach you." The voice at the other end of the phone sounded too urgent, as though something had happened that required his immediate attention.
Had something happened to Roxanne? No. Lancelot shook his head vehemently. He did not even want to think of it.
"What is the matter? Did something happen?"
"She was attacked, the human friend. And Miss Roxanne...she's..."
Lancelot's heart pounded in anticipation, beads of sweat trickled down his forehead.
"She's awake."
Lancelot did not need him to speak anymore, he had heard all that he wanted to hear already. He ended the call immediately, jumped from his bed and proceeded to put some clothes on, while he did, he called Peter and instructed his assistant to get ready, they had to leave for the hospital immediately.
After Lancelot was prepared, he hurried down out of his room, down the stairs, out of the palace. The sun had not come out yet, but it didn't matter to Lancelot. Peter had already gotten the car ready which pleased Lancelot and he climbed into the car.
Neither man said a word to each other, until they arrived at the hospital. Peter parked the car in the reserved parking space and Lancelot jumped out of it, the moment the ignition was turned off. Peter, who was scared and worried by his boss's urgency, found it hard to meet up with Lancelot's quick strides. Lancelot seemed to be walking and running at the same time, with the guard's words running through his mind.
"She's awake," he repeated to himself, over and over, until he was in the lobby that led to her room. Lancelot and Peter could see nurses troop in and out of Roxanne's room. Peter's fear tripled, something must have definitely happened for the nurses to have the kind of look they wore on their faces.
Lancelot approached the door quickly. When he stood in front of the door, the first thing he saw nearly brought tears of joy to his eyes, while his heart and mind leaped for joy. Roxanne's violet eyes- though dim and sunken - rose up to meet his. Her face was dried up, and her eyes were filled with worry, but at least, she was awake, and she was seated in a wheel chair, right beside a second bed that held...Lancelot took two steps in and peeped at the face in the bed. He couldn't have missed that dark skin and full blonde nappy curls no matter what. Emily lay in the bed, with her eyes closed. As he looked at her, Lancelot could not help but wonder what could have happened to her. But, he was overwhelmed with joy that Roxanne was awake, and out of harm.
So, he didn't know when he picked up pace and rushed to her side. He lowered himself to her immediately and held her hands. When his skin touched hers, Lancelot felt the spark in his chest, and heat rise up in his stomach. It was just like the first day their hands had touched, his whole body lit up and he could barely ignore what he was feeling.
"Roxanne," he said, breathing out with relief.
"How are you? How's your head? Do you feel any pain? Do you..."
"Stop!" Roxanne thundered, with her gritted teeth. Lancelot felt her stiffen at his touch. Roxanne could not stand to look at him, she could not stand to have him so close to her. She should have been angry, and irritated, yet she felt safe and secure now that he was here. And she hated it, she hated the fact that he made her feel so many conflicting emotions. All it took was another glance at Emily's unconscious body, for tears to flow down her eyes again. She could remember waking up to the sound of Emily's cry, and having to watch as her friend crashed on the hard brick wall and fell to the ground with a loud thud. Roxanne had struggled to get up, tried to reach out to her, to help her, but she was drowsy and her head felt heavy; there was little or nothing she could do. Until the guards stepped in and helped Emily.
Looking at the reason she was here in the first place, the reason she had been put in so much danger and the reason Emily had to fight for her life, made her furious.
"Why?" she asked, allowing her tears to choke her voice. Lancelot had to see and understand her pain; the pain of an innocent woman. His eyes danced around her face, as though he was searching for something.
"Why are they doing this to us? Why do they want to kill me Lancelot? I didn't ask to be here! I didn't want to be here! You brought me here and roped me into all this constant drama and mistreatment. Is this what you brought me here for Lancelot? Or did you forget to add this part in the contract that I signed? I was almost killed! And I could stand that, but Emily...?" Roxanne paused and stopped talking when a hiccup escaped her throat.
"...You had no right doing this to Emily. No right at all..." Roxanne's tears increased, so much so that she could not speak. She snatched her hands from Lancelot's hold and wrapped them around herself, while she stared blankly at Emily. Lancelot stayed quiet. Her words had pierced his heart, but there was nothing he could say. Her grief was in place, and so were her anger and hurt. Right now, there was nothing he could say to defend himself. So, he stood up and straightened his stance without taking his eyes off her.
"Are you alright?"
"F*** off," Roxanne muttered, but it was loud enough for him to hear. He sighed and turned to Peter, who wore a pitiful look on his face. That was what Peter felt for Lancelot right now; pity.
The doctor stepped in, and his Peter was grateful for his presence. At least, it seemed to ease the tension a little bit.
"Your Grace," Doctor Martin said, when he took note of Lancelot's presence. The guards Lancelot had hired-two in number-followed the doctor closely behind. Lancelot looked away from Roxanne and focused his stare on Martin.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I can see that you've seen her, Your Grace. She is out of danger, and only on a wheelchair for now, because her legs are still numb. But there is no need to worry, it would only be a matter of at most two days, until she can walk again, the Faye prince's powers were strong after all." Martin looked away from Lancelot and stared down at Roxanne.
"How do you feel this morning?" he asked, with his usual "doctor" tone. But Roxanne did not answer him. Martin traced her gaze to Emily, and so did Lancelot.
"Would she be okay?" Roxanne whispered, but it was loud enough for both men to hear.
"Yes, she would. She took a hit to the head and back, but she's been given pain killers and she would wake in less than an hour, there is no need to fear."
Doctor Martin sounded confident, and that was more than enough to reassure both Lancelot and Roxanne.
Lancelot decided to address the second reason he was here; to find out what had happened and who has tried to attack Roxanne. He turned to the guards and eyed both of them furiously. They bowed their heads in shame. "Start talking," he ordered, with a dangerously calm tone. The first man spoke up immediately.
"We were outside the room, just as you instructed when we heard the lady scream. We got here almost immediately, but we saw a nurse flee the room. When we got here, the human friend was sprawled on the floor, and so was the tray the nurse brought with her."
Before Lancelot could ask another question, the doctor spoke up.
"An injection was brought to me, from the tray the strange nurse had brought. It was an adrenaline injection." When he noticed Lancelot's face squeeze in confusion, he continued.
"Normally, it is not to be injected on the body, we apply it on the skin. If the nurse had been successful, Miss Roxanne would have had a heart attack, and would have been gone in less than a minute."
Lancelot's jaw hardened in anger. Despite how hard he had tried to keep her safe by mounting guards and calling Emily to be with her, someone somewhere had still managed to devise a plan to end her. He could no longer trust anyone, besides himself.
He returned his focus to the guards.
"Where you able to find the nurse? Identify her? By anything?"
They shook their heads as they looked at the ground.
"No sir."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot fought back the dire urge to punch the wall and scream. He folded his arms across his chest, still focused on the guards.
"You have to find her, one way or the other."
"Yes sir!"
He turned to Peter and spoke.
"Take Emily, we're going home now." Peter nodded and walked towards Emily's bed.
Roxanne shot Lancelot a glare. "Home," he had said. What did he mean by home?
Before she knew what was happening, Lancelot lowered himself and picked her up. He scooped her in his arms and held her there, she kicked, screamed, and punched his chest, but nothing moved him. He did not drop her until she was in the front seat of the car, beside Peter, while Lancelot stayed behind, with Emily, as they drove back to the palace.
Somewhere in the hospital, in the dark Janitor's closet, her hands continued to shake as she took out her phone and dialed the strange number.
"Hello?" she whimpered, her voice was as unstable as her body.
"Is the job done?" The deep voice growled, and she swallowed hard.
"No sir, there was another human in the room with her, so things got messy. But, give me another chance, I promise I'll do it..."
"Another chance?" The voice chuckled bitterly.
"That was the only chance you had." With that, the line went dead immediately. Her hands continued to quiver as she stuck the phone into her pocket. She turned to find the light switch when a hand emerged from the darkness and pulled her by her neck. It covered her mouth before she had any chance to scream.
The next thing she felt was the blade piercing into her back, before the throbbing pain in her head as she crumbled to the floor.
###CHAPTER 100: A WEAK LINK
Peter drove steadily and quietly, but he had a lot of questions to ask. So, he decided to communicate with Lancelot through their mindlink. His hands stayed fixed on the steering wheel, his eyes on the road, as his wolf reached out for communication with Lancelot's wolf.
"Your Grace, I am quite worried about this plan of yours. The palace is in a current state of pandemonium. I am really concerned about how you plan to bring her back, now that everyone knows who she truly is. This would cause an uproar sir, no one would let it pass."
Lancelot listened to Peter carefully. He knew that what Peter said was true, but it was the only solution. He had to make sure he stayed with Roxanne, it was the only way to guarantee her safety now.
"Just do as I instruct you, allow me to worry about the rest."
"But sir..."
"I said, allow me to worry about the rest."
Peter said nothing again, the mind link was disconnected, and no one said a word. Not even Roxanne who was boiling with rage in her seat, even though she was too weak to scream and jump out of the car; which she so desperately wanted to do.
As they approached the palace gate, Roxanne felt a sudden wave of fear wash over her. She was back here again, back to where her nightmare started. Peter noticed her body stiffen in the seat and he glanced at Lancelot from the rearview mirror. Lancelot said nothing, he only turned his head towards Emily, when he heard her move.
They entered into palace and Peter drove past the car park, and headed straight towards the entrance of the palace. He stopped the car there, turned the ignition off, and got down to help assist Emily out of the car.
Lancelot, on the other hand, jumped out of the car almost immediately it stopped. He rushed to the front seat and pulled it open. Roxanne shot him another glare, just as she had been doing, but Lancelot paid her no mind. He lowered himself and scooped her into his arms once more, placing her against his broad and hard chest.
He was tall, and Roxanne wrapped her arms around his neck for fear that she would fall. She continued to stare at him; her eyes pleading with him to drop her. Lancelot didn't listen, he only held her firmly as they walked into the palace. The first step Lancelot took with Roxanne in his arms, told Roxanne that he had made a very big mistake. It seemed as though they had walked into the middle of a meeting. Everyone in the Dankworth family was present; from his parents, to his siblings, the only people Roxanne didn't see where the ones she failed to look at before pressing her forehead to Lancelot's chest, to shield her embarrassment. Knowing that all eyes were on her, Roxanne's whole body suddenly felt warm, even at that, goosebumps crept to the top of her skin.
Madeline, who was previously involved in a discussion with Garrett Relish, and his daughter, felt her jaw drop. Lancelot's newly found audacity was shocking and nerve wracking. She was absolutely dumbstruck, there were no words to describe what she felt. She could not even find it in her to speak.
And, she was not the only one in the room who was tongue-tied. Edward, his sons, Ava, Garrett - who had come with the sole aim of knowing Lancelot's next move after knowing that their plan had failed - even the maids, including Marilyn, the head maid, stared at Lancelot in shock.
He saw this, and watched as they all bowed when he fully stepped in. Lancelot did not say a word to them, or mind their stares. He turned his back to Peter who held Emily as she limped in.
"Take her to a room in the guest chambers, make sure she is properly guarded and attended to. And stay by her side until I come to meet you," he ordered, and Peter nodded.
Peter could feel the intensity of everyone's gazes on him, so he quickly trotted behind Lancelot. With Roxanne in his arms, he walked past his dumbstruck family and headed straight to his room. The knot in Roxanne's stomach tightened more and more. She knew she shouldn't be here, even after everything that had happened to her, she wasn't still welcomed here. She knew that, because she saw Madeline shoot her a stony glare, after Lancelot walked past her.
Lancelot did not stop walking until he was at the front door of his room. Without saying a word, he moved towards his bed, which was now properly dressed and placed her in it. Roxanne stayed quiet, even though a million thoughts ran through her mind.
She allowed herself to be placed on Lancelot's bed, while her back rested against the head board. Lancelot covered her legs with the thick black duvet. She watched him keenly, the look of concern and dread in his eyes. He was scared of something, she thought. And she wanted to know what it was...or did she?
"You would find my bed more relaxing than the one in the hospital, it's softer," he spoke, when he stood straight and tucked his hands into his pocket, as he flashed her a wink.
Wait, a wink? When did he begin to do that? Roxanne asked herself. However, she still could not find it in her to speak. All that had happened in the past half hour had not fully registered or made sense in her brain. Lancelot decided it was time to give her some space, to allow her piece her thoughts together. He would go to see how Peter had settled Emily in, before he came to her. He took one last look over her frail frame, before he turned on his heels and walked out of the room.
Before he could fully close his door behind him, he caught sight of his father and mother matching furiously towards him. Okay, Madeline was the one doing the furious matching, but Edward still casually walked behind her.
Lancelot rolled his eyes, abandoned the door and planted himself in front of it, just in case she tried to get entrance into the room. Whenever his mother matched like an angry bull, he knew there were no limits to what she could do. "You ungrateful son of a..." She stopped, realizing she was his mother and she was just about to call herself a b***, as she stood in front of him, fuming with rage. Lancelot looked down at her, without saying a word. There was not even a hint of apology or explanation in his eyes.
"Please tell me, that I did not just see what I think I just saw!"
"Madeline..." Edward tried to speak, but Madeline snapped.
"Do not! Do not tell me to calm down," Madeline fired back at her husband, before facing Lancelot again. Her face contorted with rage, and her lips quivered, while she struggled to form words to say to him.
"Do you realize what you have just done?! You, yourself, have caused a big threat to your reign as Alpha King! In front of Garrett, the council elder, you just carried that human...your mate, in your arms, and brought her back into this palace, when you should be rejecting and kicking her out of it!" she screamed, as high as she could. Lancelot fought hard to keep his anger in check.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Garrett Relish was here! The head of council and your father-in-law! What do you think he would think of us now? Of you?" She clenched her right fist and pointed the index finger of the left one to his face.
"We have worked so hard for you Lancelot, you cannot jeopardize everything we've fought so hard for! You cannot pay your father and I like this. You cannot!"
Edward, seeing that his wife was close to hyperventilating, tapped her shoulder gently, and pulled her back, towards him. He took a short look at her, as she struggled to breathe as a result of her outburst. Lancelot decided to speak when he saw his mother was quiet. Madeline was so furious, tears gathered in her eyes.
"Did you expect me to sit back and watch my mate...the one whom the goddess had fated me to, go through pain and stay in danger?" Even though his tone was low, his eyes shot daggers at his mother.
"I know what you did mother. Taking her to live amongst the maids, just so you could spite me. This is my response mother. You had it coming."
Edward heaved a sigh when Madeline's grip on his hand tightened, it was a sign that he had to speak up. So, he did just that.
"Your mother is right Lancelot. Bringing her here, is setting everything we...you, have ever worked for ablaze." Though his father was dissatisfied with Lancelot's choice, he spoke in a less aggressive and more understanding tone. So, Lancelot knew he could try to reason with his father.
"Father, you are mated to mother so you understand what I feel. Would you ever be able to stand back and watch her suffer?" he spoke gently, in the best way he could. His voice pleaded with his father to see reason. Edward shook his head and spoke.
"Of course not. I could never stand to see Madeline suffer, or sad. It would bruise me even more than it bruises her. I am to protect, love and stand by her and I would always do that. But, she is my mate, a she-wolf. I can touch her, feel her wolf, communicate with her wolf. But...with you..." He sighed.
"She's human Lancelot. Whether you like it or not, she would always be a threat, a weak link. You cannot keep her here. You must reject her and send her back to her home." With every sentence, Edward's tone grew firmer. Though he tried to be understanding, Edward did not see a world where a human could be a Luna queen.
Lancelot was disappointed, both visibly and inwardly. So much for trying to be reasonable, he thought, as he switched his gaze from one parent to another.
"I'm sorry, father, mother. But, I can't... I can't let her go. You'll just have to deal with it."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Edward's temper sparked within him, he shot Lancelot daggers through his stare.
"Do you even know what you're talking about? Do you know what these people did to us?"
"No!" Lancelot snapped back.
"I do not know because you never told me. So, if there's something you need to say, say it now!" Lancelot had had it up to his neck with the unspoken folktale of what the humans did to them.
"Lancelot..."
"Edward," Madeline cut in, drawing her husband back. Both father and son turned to her. She had finally managed to calm herself, but her anger still shimmered in her stare.
"It's enough, there's no need speaking to him," she said to her husband, before focusing on her son. Madeline was disappointed, heartbroken and furious, all at once.
"Just know, that I would not take it...never, not while I'm in this palace." With that, she turned on her heels and walked away from him, her grip on her husband's hands were still firm. Lancelot watched them quietly.
Behind the door, Roxanne sat in bed, unsure of what to do. She had heard everything that was said, since Lancelot failed to close his door completely, and the walls weren't exactly soundproof.
These people didn't need her here, she thought. As long as she was here, the hate, fights and bickering would never end.
She had to find a way out of here, somehow. Even if not for herself, but for Lancelot.
If she was a threat to his destiny, then perhaps, she was really badluck.
###CHAPTER 101: COMING ALL OUT
Roxanne's mind was made up. The next time she saw Lancelot, she was going to tell him that she was leaving. She had to leave. Her presence was doing them both more harm than good. Though, she did not understand what it was about this "mate" bond he spoke off, she understood that her leaving would hurt him, but, staying would hurt him more.
So, when the door opened fully and Lancelot stepped in, she sat up and stared blankly at him, waiting for the perfect moment to speak.
He stepped into the room and closed the door behind him. He leaned against the door and closed his eyes, while trying to do the breathing exercise Flinn had thought him when he was a teenager, to calm his nerves. Lancelot caught Roxanne staring at him, and made a mental note to order food for her.
He took slow steps towards his bedside drawer to take off his wristwatch and place a call to the maids to bring food for her. He felt her eyes follow him with every step he took. When he placed his wristwatch down and picked up the telephone in his room, he caught sight of her leering at him, their eyes met, and she still didn't take hers away.
"What would you like to eat?" he asked, calmly, while trying very hard to smile. However, Roxanne did not acknowledge his chivalry, neither did she smile back at him.
Frustrated, he sighed and b*** the receiver against the machine. Roxanne rolled her eyes, he still had not changed. He still took his anger out on unsuspecting things and people who did nothing to deserve it.
She scoffed. "Some habits never die," she muttered underneath her breath, but his sharp wolf senses picked it up. Lancelot ignored it.
"You need to eat something Roxanne."
"Food is the least of my problems," she bit back, without looking at him. He tucked his hands into his pocket.
"You haven't had good food in days..."
"And why is that your business?!" she retorted, casting him a stony glare as she did so. She had rehearsed this conversation in her head, time and time again. While she lay unconscious in the hospital, while she pretended to be asleep, while she listened to his conversation with Doctor Flinn, yet, none of those rehearsals had prepared her for this moment; the moment he would be standing in front of her, talking to her, and she would have to say everything she had ever thought and felt to his face.
Lancelot's jaw hardened as he stared down at her. Why was she making everything more difficult than it was supposed to be?
"I am responsible for you, Roxanne," he fired back, even as his heart pounded against his chest. He did not know what else to say, or do. It was his business because he cared about her, because he couldn't stand to see her look pale, because he only wanted to see her happy.
Responsible for her? Roxanne chuckled bitterly. So, all this while she had sat, thinking that his worry was for a deeper reason, a more affectionate and intimate reason other than the fact that he was her boss, she had been a fool. Lancelot's words never matched with his actions. He said he needed her, yet acted like he didn't. Said he wanted her to stay, yet his actions screamed at her to go. Said he wanted to be with her, yet all he did was devise new means to push her away and she was tired.
"I quit," she spoke, firmly.
Lancelot's eyes narrowed at her.
"Quit what?"
"This!" she screamed, pointing at the space between the both of them. Lancelot's face contorted with what appeared to be rage, yet deeper and more affectionate.
"Whatever this is. This job, I resign from whatever it is that made you to bring me here. I am terminating my contract...Your Grace!"
Before Lancelot could speak, she pushed the duvet away from her legs in anger. She hated the fact that she couldn't move yet. If she could, she would have sprung up and dashed out of the room.
"And don't you worry about your advance, I would pay back every penny I've taken from you, with interest and I don't care how long it takes me to do that, as long as I never...ever, get to be in your presence again!"
Her words fell on his ears and exploded like a bomb, while still shooting arrows that pierced deep into his chest, and hit his heart. In her eyes, were raw and fresh anger, unlike anything he had ever seen before. Never, he had never imagined that bubbly, sweet, and clumsy Roxanne had the ability to fire up. The woman he was looking at now, was a far cry from the crazy American woman whose car Peter had ran into, and it was all his fault.
Lancelot needed a chance to make things right. And he wouldn't be able to get that chance if she left, he just had to make her stay.
"You don't mean that Roxanne." He didn't mean to sound desperate, but he did. He was finding it hard to hide his emotions, or separate them from his tone.
Her eyes didn't soften, instead, they darkened on him.
"Unlike you, I don't say things that I don't mean."
His hands fell out of his pocket as he staggered back. Why was he suddenly feeling weak? There was a gut-wrenching feeling in his chest that he could not shake off, it clutched his throat, and threatened to steal his ability to speak. Roxanne arched her right brow in confusion. Why was he acting like he was about to have a convulsion?
"That's not true...it's...it's not."
Tears gathered in her eyes as she looked at him, she chuckled bitterly and bit her lower lip, to stop it from quivering.
"Look at you," she said aloud. "You've spent every waking moment lying to everyone around you, so much so that you've started to lie to your own self."
"I have never lied to you!"
"Everything you've ever said to me, was a lie!" Roxanne screamed back, her hands flew to her head as she clutched her hair in frustration. Her fingers tangled up in the brown strands, as tears ran freely down her eyes.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"What you were, all those business meetings. When you held me that night and told me you wanted me to stay, you lied. When you said the night was better with me in it, you lied. Hell! You even went to bed with a woman, and told me, barely seconds after that you'll only be able to sleep if I stayed with you!"
Lancelot stood straight and took all the daggers her words shot at him straight to his heart. She was calling him a liar, but he had never lied to her.
He sniffed hard, his eyes had begun to sting. The ache in his heart was severe, and Lancelot didn't know what to make of it. All he knew, was that it caused water to gather up in his eyes.
"Everything I have ever said to you, was true. And whatever I kept away from you...was to protect you..."
"Oh please."
"Roxanne!" He took slow steps towards her, and he watched her wet eyes dance all over his body. He hated to be the reason for her tears. If it were anyone else, he would have torn them to pieces, now that it was him, he didn't know what to
do.
"I have always cared for you Roxanne." He stood in front of her, inches away from the bed and stood there, towering above her. He thought back to what Doctor Flinn said, if he was going to get her to stay, he was going to have to tell her truth.
"From the moment we stepped into that cathedral, to this very second, I have wanted nothing more than to protect you."
Molten rage washed through Roxanne. Lies, lies, and more lies. This man was truly pathetic! He still stood there and lied through his teeth! How dangerous could a man be?
"You do not lie to the people you care about..."
Lancelot g*** in frustration, this was hard enough for him already.
"For goddess sake Roxanne! What was I supposed to do?"
"You were supposed to be sincere with me!" she fired back. "You should never have pushed me away! You should never have acted like I did not exist or like you didn't give two f*** about me if you really did care!"
"That was all I knew how to do!" There it was, the confession that they had both been waiting for. The moment Lancelot admitted to all his faults.
His eyes softened, while he tried to hold back his tears. He lowered himself until he was squatting in front of her.
"Every time I pushed you away, every time I acted like I didn't see you, or I didn't care, it was all because it was all I knew how to do. For the goddess's sake, you were never part of the plan. Meeting you, wanting you, I didn't know what to do with all those feelings because I wasn't supposed to have them. But I did, and it scared me. I didn't know what else to do. I was going to tell you everything Roxanne, I swear on it." He reached out to her hand and took it. This time, Roxanne did not protest. He was telling the truth, she could see it in his eyes. The sincerity of his pain, everything showed in it.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Listen, I know that this is hard for you to take in. My family, who I am, what I stand for, the baby in you, everything. But..." Lancelot couldn't believe he was about to do what he was going to do next.
"I want...I need to make it right Roxanne. I need a chance."
Her tears continued to run down her cheeks. She was very sure that she wanted to leave, few minutes ago, but now...she didn't know anymore.
"I don't know what you want me to do," she muttered, her tears had caused her to be inaudible.
Lancelot's grip on her hand tightened as he stared straight into her eyes. He needed her, and he was not going to pretend he didn't, because he couldn't bear to lose her.
"I need you...I need you to stay with me."
There it was! The sentence she had waited a long time to hear. But, it was coming too late, there was nothing he could do or say to change her mind. She wasn't safe here, she would never be. America wasn't exactly great, but at least, no one wanted to kill her or kidnap her.
Lancelot, seeing the look in her eyes, rose his body up and sat on the bed beside her. Her lips parted to protest, but no words could come out, not when Lancelot leaned into her and cupped the back of her neck with his right palm. As they stared into each other's eyes, and their hearts rose and fell in synchrony, Lancelot leaned deeper into her.
In that moment, when their lips touched, she felt her whole body quiver in shock. She leaned into him, surrendering, to deepen the kiss. Their lips moved in synchrony, each lost in the taste of the other. His grip on her neck tightened, and she let out a breathless m***. He slipped his wet tongue into her mouth and intertwined it with hers. She was losing herself in him, in the passion that erupted from his kiss, until it happened...
Horrid flashes of the hunt rushed through her mind, and she pulled away from him immediately. Lancelot's heart shattered in his chest as he stared at her. She turned away from him, afraid that if she looked at him, her resolve would be weakened.
"Leave. I can't bear to stay in the same space with you."
Defeated, Lancelot knew it was futile to press on. He rose up from the bed and tucked his hand into his pocket.
"Neither of us has a choice, I'm the only one who can keep you safe."
"You wouldn't have to bother about me when I'm back home," she bit back, and Lancelot did not reply.
He took what was left of his pride and sanity, and turned away from her, taking swift steps out of the room.
###CHAPTER 102: WHY ELSE?
Watching Lancelot stroll in with the human woman in his arms, with no regards for any of them; not his father, not his mother, not his family, not even him - Garrett- or Ava his daughter, infuriated the head of the council in ways he never even thought possible. He strolled past them with confidence, as though he were not committing a sin, a taboo!
His eyes darkened on the young man, and did not leave him until Lancelot was out of their sight, before he turned to his daughter. Ava stood, visibly shaking. Garrett said nothing, he only stared at her and watched as she stood helpless and hopeless. From the corner of his eyes, he saw Madeline and Edward rush up the stairs, maybe to question their son. But, Garrett had lost faith in both of them, it was time to take matters into his own hands.
He took steps towards his daughter and dragged her by her hand, not caring who was looking, and led her out of the palace. Ava was stunned by her father's reaction, but even more stunned by Lancelot's audacity. The way he had walked into the palace...the palace! With that woman in his arms, without caring how she felt, or how her father would feel. Lancelot was far gone, too far gone.
Garrett didn't stop until he got to his car. He let go of Ava's hand before looking over her. Garrett could not tell if he was disappointed, or if he felt pity for her. Perhaps, it was a mixture of both, but he was too indignant to care. "Get in," the words escaped his clenched teeth. Ava bowed her head to the ground and did as she was told. She walked to the other side of the car and got in the front seat, beside the driver's seat.
Garrett opened his door and climbed in. He b*** the door of his car close and punched his steering wheel with his clenched fist. Ava was frightened as she sat beside her father, she did not know what to say in order not to anger him more, so she stayed quiet.
"I don't even know what's going on anymore," Garrett spoke, Ava swallowed hard and stared down at her shoes.
"He just...he just walks in, just like that!" Garrett turned to Ava before he continued his ranting.
"You have been in this palace for what? Three months! You have been with him, right from childhood, you have been an active member and a familiar face in this palace and not once Ava! Not once has he looked at you! He walked in today and he didn't even spare you a glance! No explanation, no apology, no nothing! He did not even regard your presence!"
With every sentence he made, Ava's temper stirred within her.
"This was not what I brought you here for. This was not what I raised you for and this was not the plan! You were not supposed to play second fiddle..." He stopped to scoff bitterly.
"What am I even saying? You're not second fiddle here, you're as good as insignificant. He acknowledges the stairs in this palace more than he regards you. Was this why I sent you to the palace Ava?"
Garrett thundered at her and she stayed quiet. In frustration, he b*** his fist against the dashboard and Ava jerked up.
"Answer me for goddess sake!"
"No...No father," she whimpered. Garrett was panting heavily, breathless with anger. He turned away from her and fixed his eyes on the building in front of him, as he leaned into his seat.
"I cannot trust Madeline and Edward to put him in check anymore. We would have to do something ourselves."
"But father, we already tried..."
"So?" Garrett shot back, shooting her a glare.
"You would continue to do everything and anything until you are crowned Luna queen! You must be crowned Luna queen. You must be crowned Luna queen."
Ava did not reply her father, it was unreasonable to do so. Garrett returned to his usual calm, and faced his front again.
"We would have to do something, something that would work this time. And find a way to trace it back to the queen. Lancelot would not be able to harm his mother, even if he finds out. But now that she's in the palace, Lancelot would never let her out of his sight, the only way we can get to her, is through poison."
Ava jerked up.
"Poison?"
Garrett leered at her. "Do you have a better idea?"
She relaxed back into her seat, because she didn't.
"To do that, we would have to find someone in the palace who dislikes her, yet, has access to food and kitchen services. Do you perhaps know anyone like that? I mean, you should. You've been in this palace for long..."
Ava thought hard and fast. She wasn't sure the person she had in mind hated Roxanne, but she was certain that she could get the job done. After all, everyone had a price, and whatever she needed, Ava was sure she would be able to pay. "The head maid!" Ava said aloud, cutting into Garrett's statement. His left brow arched as he stared down at his daughter.
"The head maid? Are you sure?"
Ava nodded, as a smug smile crept up to her lips. She knew exactly what to do.
"Yes father, I'm sure. But, it'll cost us."
Garrett's eyes brightened as he looked away from his daughter. "Whatever the price, the prize is worth it."
**********
After her small meeting with her father, Ava bid him farewell and watched as he drove out of the palace. He had asked her to act fast, and that was why she did not waste even a split second. Immediately he was gone, she turned away and headed to the place she was sure she would find the head maid at this time of the day; in the garden, trimming the flowers.
Yes, even though she had been completely invisible to Lancelot for most of her stay here, she was still able to pick on some things; like the daily routine of the head maid. Ava saw her too many times in a day not to know.
When she got to the garden, she was pleased to see that she was right. Marilyn was on her white apron and black gown, trimming the ixora flowers in the garden. Ava walked quietly towards her, when watching her with keen eyes. Ava didn't stop walking until she was inches away from Marilyn who was too engrossed in her work to see Ava. Ava cleared her throat loudly, before Marilyn jerked up. She had a frightened look in her eyes, which dissolved after she saw it was Ava. She lowered her gaze to the ground as she bowed.
"My lady."
Ava smiled and touched her chin gently, raising it up slowly.
"How's work going?"
Marilyn appeared disturbed that the original Luna-to-be, not the human retard, was here, right in front of her. She couldn't help but wonder what was truly happening.
"It's been well, my lady. To what do I owe the honor of your...attention?"
Ava chuckled. She was going straight to the point, that was good. Therefore, she wasn't going to waste either of their time.
"Seeing as you know a lot of things about gardening, food and keeping a home..." She paused when she saw Marilyn blush, a wry smile spread across Ava's cheek.
"...I was wondering if you knew any...poison," Ava blurted out, with a broad and sincere smile on her face. As if she had not just asked for a substance that could be used to kill someone.
Madeline's brows squinted as she threw Ava a confused glare. Ava was smiling, and that confused her more. She was speechless, but she knew she had to say something.
"My lady...I...for what? If I may ask?"
Ava chuckled lightly.
"Why else? Poisons are used to kill people, are they not? I need something quick, something sharp, something that won't cause too much drama. I came straight to you because I knew you were the woman for me, the woman I could trust." As she spoke, Marilyn studied her carefully. She couldn't help but feel like she knew the exact reason Ava needed that poison. If that was the case, then they were definitely on the same page. Marilyn was glad there was someone else who just wanted the human woman to seize to exist. Ava scrutinized Marilyn's expression, then she realized she had indeed picked the right woman for the job.
"I do know one," Marilyn said aloud.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"But, it's very rare. The venom of a snake, a rare specie of snakes. It makes one dizzy, before it attacks with a heart attack. The death is quick and most times...effortless. But, it would take some days for me to source for it and..." Days? Ava thought with a frown. She didn't have days! Whatever she was doing had to be done today, before things got more out of hand.
"Whatever the cost to get it over here today, I would pay," she cut in, and Marilyn stopped talking to stare at her. Wow, she must really want the human out of the way, Marilyn thought to herself.
"Very well then, my lady, I'll make a few phone calls and get it to the palace as soon as possible, since there is enough to hasten the process."
Ava's smile broadened.
"Good." She walked closer to Marilyn, slightly closing in the gap between them, she looked around, just to make sure there were no peeping eyes...or cameras. She slipped her hand into the pocket of her brown suit trouser and took out a thick wad of pound notes. She pulled out Marilyn's left hand and placed it in it.
The head maid stared at the money in her hands, her jaw dropped and her mouth watered. She had never seen such amount of money in her hands, at once. And it was all hers.
"If that's not enough, there's always more."
That was music to Marilyn's eyes. Her eyes softened as she stared at Ava.
"You'll have to put the poison in the human's food, before sending it up to her. Look, whatever happens, if you're caught, the queen sent you, okay? You're safe once you say that," Ava spoke, and dumbstruck Marilyn nodded her head. Ava's eyes softened as his grip on Marilyn's hand tightened.
"Look, I know what's going on with you, okay? I've been in this palace too long not to notice. I know that you have a son who is on life support in the hospital. You're a maid, not one of the Dankworths has paid attention to you. But, if you help me, I'll make sure your son is taken care of in one of the best facilities in the continent. And you? You would no longer be a maid! Once that human is out of the way and I'm crowned, you would not just be head of maids, you would be this palace's butler, I promise you."
That was enough to win Marilyn's heart. Her son's treatment and a good post in the palace? Damn! There was no way she was saying no to those.
So, she shook her head and bowed to Ava.
"I would do as you've asked, my lady."
Ava let go of her hand and folded her arms across her chest.
"Of course, you will."
###CHAPTER 103: REVEALING HUG
Shortly after she asked him to leave, Lancelot did just that. He did not want to let her out of his sight, but he didn't have a knack for staying in places he wasn't needed. He stepped out of his room, closed the door behind him, just to ensure that she was safe, before he walked out of the corridor, down the flight of stairs, to check on the room Peter had kept Emily, and to ensure she was okay.
Halfway across the stairs, he caught sight of a maid, dressed in the usual uniform of black gown and a white apron, waking up the stairs, towards him and with a tray of food in her hands. She appeared to be heading towards his room; seeing as that floor belonged to him—and consisted of his library, office, room and his private tea room.
The maid stood still and bowed in respect when she got to him. Lancelot looked over her, before looking into her hands. The tray had two small plates, a bottle of water, a clear glass and a small bowl of food, tightly covered with a lid, on it. "Is this the meal I called for?" he asked, and the maid bowed her head once again.
"Yes, Your Grace. It is."
Lancelot looked over her once more, before he nodded and took one step down the stairs. He stopped suddenly and turned back to the maid, who had her back facing him as she continued her journey into his room. He needed to be sure Roxanne was going to eat it, he needed to make sure she ate, and he couldn't do that, if he wasn't there.
"Hold on," he called out. The maid stopped and turned to him, her cheeks were crimson red as she fought hard not to blush. It didn't have any effect on him, he was used to having women swoon over him. He walked up the stairs, and stood by her side.
"Let's go," he said aloud again, and she bowed her head to hide her giddy smile. Lancelot ignored her and walked ahead, while she followed him behind. When they got to the room, he pushed the door open and stepped in, while the maid followed him behind.
Roxanne looked up from the duvet she had been staring at. Her eyes brightened when she saw the maid with the tray of food. Lancelot had been right about one thing earlier; she had not had good food-seeing as the glucose drip that had been inserted in her throughout her stay in the hospital was not real food and she was really starving.
She kept her eyes away from him, and retained her stare at the maid. She watched as the woman and took note of her awfully red cheeks which Roxanne immediately attributed to the "Lancelot effect" - and watched as she dropped the tray of food on the bedside drawer. She opened the bowl of food, and the gracious aroma of creamy pasta and cheese hit her nose immediately. How did these people know her second favorite thing in the world?
The maid served a few spoons in a plate, and was about to hand it to Roxanne when Lancelot's voice made her pause.
"Wait. Taste it." It came out as an order, with a bit of warning. Roxanne arched a brow at him, while the maid looked at him as though she didn't hear what he had said. Roxanne had too much enemies in this palace, Lancelot knew that. He didn't care how archaic his instruction seemed to be, he had to make sure that Roxanne was safe, and it didn't matter to him who he hurt, or might hurt in the process. The maid dropped the plate and blinked twice.
"But...Your Grace..."
Lancelot's eyes narrowed at her as he took one defensive step towards the maid. His eyes looked like he was ready to snap her neck if he found anything sketchy.
"What? Is there a problem?"
Horror flashed through the young woman's eyes as she took a spoon, with shaky hands.
"No, Your Highness. Not at all."
Lancelot said nothing more. He stood straight, his hands behind his back, as he watched the maid. Roxanne's eyes were on her too. She picked up a clean fork and dug it into the plate of pasta she had served. When she had scooped enough, she put the food into her mouth.
The maid chewed on the food for a while, with both Roxanne and Lancelot staring at her with anticipation. Her eyes brightened as she swallowed it, she did seem pleased. Roxanne's heartbeat stilled, the thought that someone in the palace would have tried to poison her, had numbed her for a moment. She knew that was the reason Lancelot had asked the maid to taste it.
"It actually does taste great, Your Grace," the maid spoke with bright eyes and Lancelot walked to her. He snatched the tray from the drawer and placed it on Roxanne's lap. He took a short glance at her, and Roxanne was able to capture the concerned look on his face.
He stood in front of her, as though he was waiting for her to take the first spoon. Roxanne shook her head, picked up a spoon, and dug it into the plate, before she dropped it suddenly, and cast Lancelot a stony glare. "What about Emily? Has she had something to eat? Is she well rested?"
Lancelot couldn't help the smile that crept to his lips before he answered her.
"You need not worry about her. Peter is taking good care of her, and is looking after her the same way I am looking after you. Once you're done eating, I would go check on her and bring word back to you." Roxanne heaved a sigh of relief before she picked up the spoon again. But, something stole her attention once more.
Immediately she picked up the spoon to eat, she saw the maid place a hand on her head, from the corner of her eyes. Roxanne stopped to watch her, and Lancelot did as well.
Despite the air conditioned room, the maid was sweating profusely. She staggered backwards, staggered forwards, and swayed left and right. Her movements were sloppy and without direction. Perturbed, Lancelot rushed to her side, but the maid fell to the ground, clutching her throat and coughing terribly, before Lancelot could get to her. She g*** in pain as she coughed again, blood splattered on the floor close to her. She continued to cough, and every time she did, blood accompanied it. Lancelot fell to the ground beside the maid and shook her furiously.
"What is it? Are you okay?"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
The maid's eyes rested on him, with pure fear in them. She had the look in her eyes, like she knew she was going to die.
"Your....your..." Those were her last words, before she tilted her head to the side, in death.
Panic, that was the first thing that seized her chest, before fear. The fear was accompanied by a loud scream, and subconsciously, she pushed the tray to the ground. The food flying to the floor and the ceramics shattered into pieces. Roxanne couldn't believe her eyes, they had really tried to poison her, and if... if she had taken the food into her mouth one second earlier, she would have been lying on the floor, coughing blood right now.
Roxanne's scream alerted guards who were stationed around the room. They rushed into the room immediately and caught sight of the woman on the floor.
Lancelot grew livid. It was right in front of his eyes, but he was refusing to believe it. Even in his palace, under his watch, Roxanne was still not safe. Someone had tried to poison her, and if he had not done everything he had just done, Roxanne would have been the one lying down on the floor, DEAD!
He couldn't take it. He staggered up and glanced at her, her eyes were wide with shock, and whole body shook ferociously.
It was then a thought ran through his mind; Emily!
With that, Lancelot dashed out of the room and headed straight to the guest chambers, while praying in her heart that Emily had not taken anything from this palace. He couldn't trust anyone or anything in this palace, not anymore. When he walked into the guest chambers, he found a door open and ran towards it. He was relieved and hopeful to see Emily seated up, her back against the headboard of the bed. But, there was a plate in her hand, and it had the same content the one given to Roxanne had; the pasta.
Peter rose up immediately he saw Lancelot rush into the room, but before he could say anything, Lancelot yelled out.
"Don't touch that food Emily!"
The plate slipped from her hand in shock, and landed on the bed, spilling the contents into the sheets. Emily looked away from the disaster she had caused, to the panicking man in front of her. What?
*********
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Ava walked back into the palace, after the small stroll she decided to take when she had ended her meeting with Marilyn. From the text she had received, the poison had been delivered and the job was already halfway done. That, was music to Ava's ears.
With a joyful heart, she strolled into the palace, ready to hear Lancelot's cry, which would be her sound of victory. However, she met another familiar face on the way to the stairs that led to her room; Arthur, the youngest Dankworth son, and her soon to be brother-in-law. It wouldn't hurt her to stop by and give him a hug, would it?
Of course not, Ava answered the question in her head as she walked towards him.
Arthur stopped halfway across the room, on his journey to stroll outside the palace when he met Ava, beaming with smiles as she hurried to him.
"By the goddess, Arthur!" she called out in pure glee as she stood in front of him. The young prince looked over her, confused. She had never been so excited to see him before.
"It's been so long since we were in the same space alone. I know that things have been crazy around here, but you don't even stop by to say hi anymore."
Arthur found it strange that she was this excited, especially after the show Lancelot had put up for all of them earlier. Was she pretending? If so, why?
"Come on now..." She held his both hands up, and trapped them in hers.
Just then, Arthur felt a weird and sudden shockwave wash over him, leaving him with a slight electric shock. He stared down at Ava, and she spread her arms to embrace him. Arthur would have refused it, but he had to know the reason for what he had just felt.
So, he wrapped his arms around her, and held it tight. It would be so, until he found out what his gift had reacted to, in Ava.
As he hugged her, he buried his nose into her neck, and closed his eyes. As he sniffed her scent, her memories came like flashes in his mind.
At first, he could see a hospital setting. She was not present in the room, but Peter, Lancelot, Butler Lee, a strange woman, and Roxanne were. Then, he heard Peter's voice from a distance.
"Of course, he will. She's his mate." Arthur's hands stiffened against her waist. Ava had seen that? And before everyone else. From the looks of it, she had been spying on them. "Arthur! I didn't know you missed me so much," Ava said, chuckling as Arthur held her.
However, Arthur was too far gone to hear her. Something wasn't right, and he had to find out what it was.
###CHAPTER 104: YOU WOULDN'T DARE
He held on to her, allowing himself to bond with everything she had seen, and heard in the last few hours. The next thing he saw was Garrett, her father and head of the royal council of elders. He appeared furious, as he pointed a finger at her. The setting was in a car, probably his, and he was wearing the same clothes he wore in the palace, which told Arthur that the event had happened today, maybe even shortly after Lancelot's grand entrance.
"You must do anything and everything until you are crowned Luna queen! You have to be crowned Luna queen!" Arthur flinched. He had never realized Garrett was so desperate to have Ava become Lancelot's Luna. She must do everything and anything? What did that even mean?
However, it was the next thing he saw that really sent shock down his spine.
In the garden, Ava's hands held Marilyn's and the woman's eyes were shined with hope, and...greed? Then, he heard Ava's voice again.
"Once this is done, you would no longer be just the head of maids. You would be the butler, in charge of the whole palace."
In that moment, Arthur pulled away from Ava with force that caused him to stagger backwards. His heart began to race within his chest, as he looked over with, with doubt in his eyes. So many questions ran through Arthur's mind. What was going on? What had she paid or bribed Marilyn to do?
His mind pieced it all together. The conversation she had overheard at the hospital, her father's admonishment; the bribe she paid Marilyn...fear clutched his chest in an instant. Everything was connected to one person; Roxanne. "Arthur, are you alr..."
He pushed past her, before she could finish her statement, and rushed to the stairs. Ava turned with one swift spin and watched him run up. She could not help but wonder what it might have been that caused him to run like that. So, she followed him behind, just to find out. However, when she saw him head towards Lancelot's stairs, she stopped in her tracks and retraced her steps to her room. All the while, she wondered why she had not heard Lancelot's scream echo in the palace since. Still, she would return to her room and wait for the good news.
Arthur took giant steps to Lancelot's room, where he knew his brother would be, and Roxanne would definitely be as well, knowing that his brother would not let his mate out of his sight, especially after what she had just recovered from. When he got to Lancelot's door, he met it already opened and he rushed in. Roxanne was seated in his brother's bed, beads of sweat gathered on her forehead. Immediately, his concern and fear took the better of him. He ignored everyone else, and everything else happening in the room and rushed to her side.
Roxanne was surprised to feel a soft hand on her forehead, wiping off her sweat.
"Are you okay? Are you alright? What happened?" he asked, breathing heavily as he did so. Roxanne looked up and found a young pair of eyes staring back at her. She had not even seen him walk in, but she could remember him. She had seen these pair of eyes first, on the morning she found herself in the palace infirmary. Since then, he had avoided her stare like a plague.
He was Arthur, Lancelot's younger brother. And the one who seemed to do anything to avoid her. But now, he seemed very worried, and it surprised her.
If he cared about her that much, why did he always try to avoid her?
******
ATHENS, GREECE (THE WITCHES' KINGDOM).
The flame of the sky, which others referred to as the "Sun" had already set upon the palace. Athaliah rose from the stool she had been seated on, after her routine consultation with the goddess and god of wisdom and power, asking for guidance to direct and the power to control, where needed. Those were the two things she required as the chief sorceresses and prophetess of the land.
When she spoke, even the king listened. And that was not a simple ability to possess or maintain. She stood in front of her large mirror and took off her cloak, revealing the red night dress underneath it. Her long strands of pure white hair were tied in a bun above her head.
With all her meetings and official duties for the night rescheduled, she was free to rest for tonight and was grateful for the chance to retire to bed early, until she heard a knock on her door.
No matter how hard it was, Athaliah managed to fight back the urge to yell at whoever was at her door to get lost. Instead, she stood straight and called out for the person to come in. She kept her eyes fixed on the door, until it opened, her unwanted visitor stepped in, and it closed again.
Athaliah's eyes brightened when she saw her daughter, Hera, and the second queen of the witch kingdom, step into the room. However, her daughter didn't seem equally enthusiastic, or enthusiastic at all.
Hera wasn't, and honestly, she couldn't be. She had spent all day, thinking. Thinking about herself, her life, what she wanted, PETER...Oh! He was one of the people she couldn't stop thinking about, and the night they shared together refused to leave her memory.
Hera was forced to make a choice. And it was that choice she was standing in front of her mother, to reveal.
Athaliah noticed the displeasure in her child's eyes, as she walked towards her.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Is everything alright, dear?" She placed a hand on Hera's right shoulder, with concern etched in her stare. Athaliah might have been seen as powerful, ruthless and wise to the rest of the world, but it did not change the fact that she was a mother. A mother who would sacrifice anything for her daughter.
Hera sucked in a deep breath, then let it out slowly. She had rehearsed this conversation in her room, in front of her mirror, a thousand times, yet, she still felt unprepared. She had let her mother down, and her revelation would break Athaliah's heart the more, that was for sure.
"I have to tell you something," Hera started. No matter how she tried to sugarcoat it, the truth would still come out plain and ugly, so there was no need beating around the bush.
Athaliah sensed that whatever her daughter had to confess, it wasn't going to be good. So, she withdrew her hand and intertwined her fingers behind her back.
"Out with it," she ordered. She had no time to waste.
Hera heaved a long sigh, before she spoke.
"On the night of the Alpha King's coronation, I slept with his personal assistant, Peter."
Hera had expected many things, but for some reason, seemed to forget that there was a possibility that what happened next, could happen. That was why she was taken aback, when her mother's right hand came crashing down on her left cheek, throwing her face to the side. The sound echoed around the room and Hera held on to the cheek that was currently in pain. Tears gathered in her left eye, but she did not dare to look at her mother again.
However, that did not stop her from finishing her confession. Half of the truth was already out, and she would complete it tonight and rid herself of the lifelong charade she had gotten into.
"I am sorry, mother. But you might need to hit me again, because I am still attracted to him. I do not have any regrets, and I would do it again, if I was..."
She was silenced by the sound of another slap. This time, her right cheek was visited, flinging her face to the left.
Athaliah could not believe what she had heard. She had sensed something was wrong with her daughter, but refused to make anything of it. Now, she was livid with anger, her breathing rose and fell heavily. This better to be a joke, and she was hitting Hera for playing such pranks on her.
However, Hera did not tell her it was a prank, not even almost a minute after the second slap. Instead, she raised her head and stared blankly into her mother's eyes, raging with fury, threatening to explode.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I did not want to be married to the king mother, you forced me. I... I have committed a sin mother, and I am not ashamed of it. I was never supposed to look at another man, talk more of being in bed with him, but none of that mattered when I was with Peter. I cannot do this anymore...sorceress Athaliah." The last two words slipped out of Hera's mouth in bitterness, as though she hated the name, and the title.
Athaliah chuckled bitterly.
"I forced you to marry the king? You ungrateful swine! King Ahab owed me a great deal, he still does. But, I never asked for riches for myself, all I asked was that he married you and secured an excellent future for you and the children you would give him. But you! You cannot do whatever it is you're planning to do Hera..." She paused and took steps closer to her daughter. The heat emanating from her mother's stare was enough to cause sweat to drip down Hera's face. However, if she was going to succeed in getting her happiness, she needed to be fearless.
"The king is too old for me mother! There are a lot of things I need besides a title and power, and he can't give me those. I want more mother..." she cried out desperately, matching her mother's intense stare.
"...much more than he can give me. And you know me mother. You know that I can never settle for less, you taught me that." When she saw that Athaliah's breathing had steadied, and her mother stood numb, Hera straightened her stance, held her head high and cleared her throat, fighting back the tears in them.
"I'm done pretending mother, I'm going to London."
Athaliah's jaw hardened.
"You wouldn't dare."
"But I would, because you...you raised me. And you raised me to be just like you."
With that, Hera gathered whatever was left of her strength, turned on her heels and stepped away from her mother.
Athaliah, who was still awestruck, watched in silence, as Hera walked out of her door and closed it behind her. She staggered backwards and fell into her bed. What just happened?
###CHAPTER 105: ALL OF IT
"What?" Emily yelled out, she sprung up from her bed and rushed to meet Lancelot. Peter, who was seated beside her, rose up and rushed to his boss as well. "What's happening Your Grace?" he asked, scanning Lancelot's appearance. His boss was visibly shaking, while his facial features looked squeezed with rage. "The pasta, was poisoned...Roxanne."
Emily's eyes widened with horror as she held on to Lancelot's shirt, tears gathered in her eyelids immediately. She did not want to believe her ears. "What do you mean by Roxanne? What's going on?"
Peter sensed that something wasn't right. He drew Emily back from Lancelot's body and cuffed her in his arms. Lancelot stood straight before turning away from them, while Emily threw curses at him. If anything had happened to Roxanne, she would not hesitate to burn this entire palace to the ground, she swore it.
"She's alive, come on, let's go," Lancelot said as he walked briskly out of the room. Relief washed over Peter, and Emily managed to calm herself as she rushed behind Lancelot, Peter followed suit. They ran past the corridor, up the stairs and dashed into Lancelot's part of the house.
They watched as the guards lifted the maid's dead body in a stretcher and Emily pressed her hands to her mouth as she gasped in shock. The tears she had tried to hold back ran down her eyes freely. There was no doubt, the lady in that stretcher would have been Roxanne, if not for whatever Miracle had presented itself.
Lancelot rushed into his room and met Arthur standing next to Roxanne. He held on to Roxanne's arms as he questioned her. Lancelot also took note of Butler Lee's presence behind Arthur.
When Emily found Roxanne seated up, awake and alive, her heart soared with joy. She had always been happy you see Roxanne, but this was a different type of joy. This was the type of joy that arose from seeing someone you thought you had lost forever.
She pushed past Lancelot and rushed to Roxanne, seizing her hand from Arthur's. Roxanne's eyes moved to her best friends and the world suddenly began to make sense again. As long as she had Emily by her side, she would be safe and secure, she knew it.
Lancelot walked to Arthur and stood by his side. Arthur's eyes left Roxanne and her friend and focused on his brother.
"What's the matter?" Lancelot asked. He knew something was wrong, with the way Arthur's legs shook on the ground, and the anger in his eyes.
Arthur didn't waste his time before he said it, there was no time to waste at all.
"Ava," he spoke out. Lancelot arched his left brow and narrowed his eyes at his brother. Everyone else turned to Arthur and stared at him with keen eyes.
"Ava is responsible for everything." As he spoke, he thought back to the horrific images he had seen, he still couldn't bring himself to believe it, but the truth had to be brought to light.
"How do you know?" Lancelot asked. This was a very serious accusation, he needed to know Arthur was sure. Granted, Roxanne's presence threatened Ava's stance in the palace, but Lancelot had never pegged Ava as the type to commit murder, he still couldn't.
Arthur turned swiftly to his brother.
"I touched her."
Both Emily and Roxanne were confused. What did Arthur touching her prove? But, Lancelot, Peter and Lee all knew exactly what Arthur meant. He had touched her and seen into her memories, therefore, seeing all her planning and scheming. Instantly, Lancelot's fury sprang to life and exploded at the surface of his skin, his veins were evident throughout his hands and forehead. Molten rage rolled through him and replaced the oxygen in his blood. The maid was dead, and it was clear as day that she was innocent. Else, she would have never tasted the meal if she knew it would bring about her death.
"F*** this!" he screamed out loud and turned on his heels to stomp around the room, Peter called him back.
"Sir, where are you going?"
All eyes followed Lancelot as he left.
"I swear I'll tear her apart," he replied coldly. However, his path was blocked by Lee, who stood straight in front of him. Fuming with rage, Lancelot's cold eyes raked over Lee's body. "Get out of my way."
"I'm afraid I cannot do that, sir. We have to be very careful. We cannot just go out and accuse Ava, we must remember that Garrett is a very powerful man."
"I do not care who her father is..."
"But you should. Like it or not, he has more than half of the people of this kingdom under his grasp. If we accuse Ava of this in such a rash manner, he would immediately point it to the fact that you're looking for an excuse to take this human as a mate, and that would be the end sir. No matter what, the people would no longer listen to you."
Everyone was forced to pause and think carefully. Lee was indeed right. Lancelot managed to calm himself down and he slid his hands into his pocket.
"What do you suggest we do?"
Lee looked around the room carefully, before he spoke.
"I suggest we give them what they want. We take Miss Roxanne out of the palace, make everyone believe she is dead, at least for now. On the day of the ceremony, we can carefully expose her there, and with proof." When he saw the hesitation in Lancelot's eyes, he spoke up again.
"They wouldn't rest and Miss Roxanne would not be safe anywhere in this country until they believe she's dead. And without proof, it would be dangerous to point fingers at Ava." Lancelot's tense body relaxed, Lee was right.
Peter was the next to speak, while Emily paid attention to calming Roxanne.
"How do we get proof?"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Arthur remembered how he had seen Ava pay Marilyn. It definitely had something, if not everything, to do with what had happened. So, he answered.
"The head maid, she'll have the answers we seek."
Again, anger stirred at the bottom of Lancelot's stomach. He was livid and swore to threaten the life out of Marilyn when he finally found her.
"We must find her immediately," he spoke, before he turned to Lee.
"And in the meantime, organize an ambulance from the hospital to carry Roxanne from here. Everyone must think she is dead, and no one here would say a word about this. Arrange for her to be kept in a hotel, until I'm ready to find her. You must take her to the hotel yourself, I do not trust the officials at the hospital either," he dishes out instructions and Roxanne glared at him as he did so.
Did they really expect her to pretend to be dead?
"Yes, Your Grace," Lee said, bowing his head.
Roxanne's eyes widened as she turned to Emily. They really expected her to play dead Lancelot, Arthur and Peter rushed out of the room, while Lee was left to handle their entire charade. They stomped to the kitchen together, with Lancelot leading the trio. He did not nod or respond to any of the maid's greetings. Only the goddess knew how many of them were involved in this scheme.
He headed straight for the kitchen, and the maids stood still, fear flashed in all their eyes as they stared at him. From the looks of things, he was in no mood to smile at any of them, neither were the men at his back. They all wondered what it might have been that got the Alpha King so mad, neither of them had heard about what had happened.
"Where is the head maid?" Lancelot thundered, from where he stood. No one replied, and his patience was running thin.
"I would not repeat myself a third time. Where is the head maid?"
Marilyn, who had heard him call on her, froze with fear. Could it be that everything had been traced to her quickly? If that was the case, she would do as Ava had said and blame it on the queen, nothing would happen to her after that. So, she stepped out of the kitchen store, where she had been hiding and walked into the kitchen. All eyes turned to her immediately she came out, and a maid pointed towards her direction. Lancelot followed the maid's hand to where Marilyn stood.
Fury clouded his eyes as he saw patches of red all over. He wanted nothing more than to rush to her and grab her by the throat. Peter saw this, and stepped forward. There was no telling what would happen if Lancelot was the first person to get his hands on her.
Marilyn stood in front of Lancelot as she bowed. Peter moved forward to meet her.
"Come with us," he said, as calmly as possible. Since the king and the prince were already in fumes, Peter took it upon himself to be the clear headed one.
Marilyn stared at all of them in fear, a million and one thoughts raced through her mind. Marilyn was led to the back of the palace, where Lancelot was sure no one would see them. As they walked, he already began to hear the siren from the ambulance and the commotion that their fake news had caused in the palace. Ava must be rejoicing by now, he thought.
Marilyn would have been rejoicing by now too. The success of her mission would mean more money, her son's health and a drastic promotion. But, she couldn't, not when she was in the Alpha King's shackles.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Lancelot found a very good spot for them, before Peter pushed her to the ground. She fell to the sand on her knees, quivering and whimpering with fear.
Lancelot wasted no time in speaking.
"You would tell us everything you know about the death of Roxanne, and you would tell us now!"
Marilyn bowed her head to the ground as she cried. Now, she was confused, she didn't know if lying about the queen would bring her more punishment, or telling the truth would spare her. She was at a loss.
"You have only one chance to make a statement. If you lie, I would make sure I end your life, and that of your son and everyone else you have ever loved this second! All it would take is..." He lowered himself to her, and flung her face up with his palm, so that he was able to look her in the eye and preview her dread.
"One phone call."
That was it, the decision was already made for her. There was no way she could lie against the queen and get away with it. Her best chances were with the truth, so she confessed.
Tears ran down her eyes freely as she pressed both palms together, pleading for her life.
"Forgive me, Your Highness. She promised...she promised to take care of my son, she promised me a better life...I had to...my son..." "Who promised you?!" Lancelot thundered, shooting her bullets through his stare. Marilyn shuddered before she coughed it out. "Ava...Ava..."
Lancelot let go of her with a force that sent her back against the ground.
"She made me do it...forgive me, please..."
Lancelot stood straight, while fighting the urge to press the sole of his feet hard against her stomach until she died, just like the innocent maid. But, he had a use for her. "You would go about your business like this discussion never happened, and you would repeat this statement whenever I tell you too, do you understand!" Marilyn crawled back in fear as she answered.
"Yes...yes, Your Highness."
Lancelot hissed, spat on the ground close to her and walked away, Arthur followed him behind, while Peter stayed back to make sure Marilyn got back into character. It was over, all of it.
###CHAPTER 106: STUCK WITH ME
Hera touched down at London's airport at exactly 3:00pm that day. She took a deep breath in before shading her eyes with her huge sunglasses. She was away from Greece, granted, but she didn't know how long it would be until Ahab sent spies into London to look for her. That was the same reason why she couldn't go to the palace, at least not until she was sure of what to do.
She couldn't risk endangering Peter's life, or the life of anyone else in the palace. Yes, werewolves were strong, but Ahab - no matter how old he might be was the grand master of witches. That meant, he was the most treacherous, sneaky, evil and wisest of them all except her mother of course.
Then again, even Athaliah had a lot to say about her leaving.
As she pulled her luggage towards the entrance of the airport, where cabs waited for passengers, she couldn't help but replay her last conversation with her mother, before she took off.
"You do not know what you're playing with. Do you think Ahab would sit still and watch you humiliate him. He would come for your head! Yours and that silly wolf's," Athaliah had said, while pleading with her to change her mind. However, Hera was far past caring, even Athaliah could see that.
"King Ahab can do as he pleases, mother. I really do not care," was the last thing she said before she entered into the car and drove out of the palace. She didn't look back to see the look in Athaliah's eyes, she knew it would break her heart. "Where would you be going, madam?" the voice of a cab man seeped into her thoughts, and forced her out of it. Hera sighed and lowered her sunglasses.
"Intercontinental Hotel please," she said out loud, and entered into the car. Once she was in, she picked out her phone from her black purse and tried to dial Peter's number. She tried over five times, it rang all those five times, but he answered
none.
She must have really pissed him off, she thought to herself. She didn't stop trying though. Even as she checked into the hotel, located her room, and arranged her things in it.
She had made a total of forty unanswered calls, before she decided to take a break.
When it was time, Peter would answer her if he really wanted to speak to her. If not, she would go out of her way and find him. She wanted him, and Hera always went after what she wanted, no matter what...or who that was.
"This is absolutely ridiculous," Roxanne protested, after Lancelot had stepped out of the room, still, it didn't stop her from doing all that she had been asked to do.
She shut her eyes and lay numb, while she allowed herself to be lifted into a stretcher and rolled off into an ambulance. The ambulance driver, however, turned out to be Lee himself. He had thought it wise to hire one, instead of calling from the hospital, he was certain taking her out of a hospital's ambulance would raise brows.
Roxanne didn't know exactly where they were when the ambulance pulled over and Lee rushed to the back and told her it was time to stop pretending.
"You cannot open the door, not even if Lancelot texts you to. You must hear his voice and no other voice but his. He would not send any messenger, he would come himself, do you understand?" Roxanne wondered why the butler was being so cautious, wasn't she supposed to be the one scared for her life?
Still, she nodded and assured him she would obey his instruction. It was only then that Lee left, and Roxanne was all by herself, not even Emily was allowed to follow her.
However, her loneliness didn't seem to last for long. After about forty five minutes of imagining all the horrible things that would have happened to her if she took the poison, she heard a knock on her door. But she didn't move to answer it, until she heard an ever familiar voice speak.
"Roxanne, it's me, Lancelot."
There he was, the only voice she had been instructed to answer to. But, was she really ready to see him?
"It's me, Lancelot. Please open up."
She rose up from the bed, rolled her eyes, before she moved towards the door. She turned the keys briefly, before opening it.
Her heart squeezed in her chest as she opened the door. Roxanne wasn't sure what she would say or do when the door was finally opened. However, when Lancelot caught a full view of her face, and her whole body standing on the ground, her feet firm and her eyes bright, he knew exactly what he wanted to do. And he wasted no time in doing it.
He rushed past the door, and didn't give her time to express her shock before he engulfed her in a tight embrace. As he held her in his arms, all his anger, fear and worries disappeared. Once again, the world made sense. The world always made sense when Roxanne was around him.
It was only when he hugged her that Roxanne realized what she had been missing all this while; it was him. When he embraced her, all her fear, worry, anger, every negative feeling she had washed away, and slipped out of her body through the tears that gathered in her eyes. His touch had always been comforting, how could she even deny it? Her heart had always reached out to him, and now, for the first time, he was taking her hand in.
"I was so scared. I thought for a moment that I would lose you. You've been away from me for too long Roxanne. Far too long. I...I need you..." he spoke as he held her, Roxanne cut in by shushing him and he gently released her from his grip. She cupped his cheeks firmly and stared into his eyes without blinking, she was afraid that if she took her eyes away from him, or blinked even once, he would disappear, and she would realize he had only been a dream. If having him here with her, away from the palace and everything and everyone that had tried to set them apart was a dream, then she never wanted to wake up.
"I'm here. I'm right here and I'm never going anywhere," she whispered in tears. Lancelot's hard heart melted as he watched her cry. He wanted nothing more than to kiss her tears away, and he didn't hesitate to tell her.
As he stared into her violet eyes, he spoke gently.
"I want to kiss your tears away."
Both his voice and his statement a*** everything she had been trying so hard to bury. Her longing for him, her wanting for him, her need for him, everything rose up to the surface and Roxanne wasn't going to hide it anymore. "What is stopping you?" she whispered, as she blushed.
Lancelot's eyes brightened immediately. He did not need to ask twice, her smile and her words had said it all. A grin crept up to his face as he lowered his lips to her eyes.
Just like he promised, he placed his hand gently on her chin, and tilted it upwards, before placing soft kisses beneath both eyes, using his lips to wipe the tears away. Roxanne smiled, even while she felt her knees weaken beneath her. Lancelot lowered his lips to her nose and kissed there too, he planted trails of kisses all over her face, until he got to her lips. Their noses brushed and danced with each other shortly, before their lips attacked the other.
Soft and passionate, with fire exploding out of their bodies, and heat flowing from one person to the other. The air conditioner in the room was no match for the heat of their passion. The slow kiss grew fast paced, hungry, and wild. Lancelot bit her lower lip gently, sucked, teased, and Roxanne was enjoying every minute of it.
Their need for each other was like wild fire, spreading through a forest. There was nothing to tame them, except themselves.
Lancelot lowered his lips to her neck and kissed her gently, she felt a tickling sensation beneath one of her ears, but she ignored it. She needed him now, more than she had ever needed anyone else before. Roxanne's hands found the buttons of his shirt, and she unfastened every one of them. She broke their kiss when his bare chest came to view, her eyes raked all over his body and she tiptoed to his shoulder to pull the shirt away from his body, until it landed on the floor beneath them.
Impatient, Lancelot pulled her back into his arms and sealed her lips with his kiss again. This time, his hands explored every bit of her body as he u*** her. He reached for the hem of her gown and pulled it over her head. Roxanne complied and lifted her hands, so that the gown was able to leave her body, Lancelot threw it to the ground and laughed.
She was n*** in front of him now, except for the purple lace panties she had on. His eyes ravaged her skin. Her round b*** and hard n*** called out to him, before his eyes rested on his stomach, where his pup was growing every day. No matter how much he wanted to f*** her hard, he couldn't, not when his baby was in her. So, he had no choice than to take it easy on her.
He swept her up from the ground and walked to the bed, Roxanne pressed his lips to hers as they covered the small distance from the door to the bed. Lancelot placed her carefully on the bed, before planting kisses from the top of her head, to her nose, to her lips, the both sides of her neck.
He g*** with pleasure every time Roxanne arched her back and m*** his name from her sweet lips. She was getting him harder and harder and he wasn't sure how much longer he could take it.
He lowered his lips to her waist, as he took off her panties gently. He slid them down her legs, and spread her legs apart in impatience. His aggressiveness excited Roxanne, she had longed to have him for so long.
Lancelot placed his warm lips on her p***, and Roxanne felt a shockwave of pleasure sweep throughout her entire body. Her m*** grew frantic and animalistic as he teased, kissed and adored her c***. Today, he would please her, just as he had always wanted to. She m*** and screamed, pressing his head to deepen his mouth action, until she reached her c*** and released herself.
When Lancelot raised his head to look at her, Roxanne found her juices all over his face. She turned away shyly as he laughed and crawled up to meet her.
"Did that change your mind about staying?" he asked, as he kissed her neck softly.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne blushed madly, without responding.
Lancelot's arm came around her n*** body as he drew her closer.
"You can't leave anyway. I marked you..." He drew invisible strokes on her neck until he touched a part.
"Here."
Roxanne's eyes widened as she looked up at him.
"So that's why that spot has been itching a lot."
Lancelot wore a proud smile on his face.
"It has huh? I see. Well, it just means that you're mine now, and I am yours. If you ever get close to any male, I'll feel extreme pain, and if I do get close to any female, you'll feel unbearable pain as well, you're stuck with me." He chuckled and planted kisses all over her face.
Roxanne appeared thoughtful, before she spoke.
"If that's so, then why didn't I feel anything that night at the last kingdom, when you were with the woman the queen sent to you." Lancelot smiled before he spoke.
"That's because I didn't do anything with her. If I did, you would have passed out from the pain. It's not something you'll want to experience." "Hmmm." Roxanne touched his cheek.
"So, I guess you're stuck with me then," she said, Lancelot laughed.
"No. You're stuck with me."
###CHAPTER 107: IT WAS DONE
The past three days had been hectic for every single member of the Dankworth house. While Lancelot was burdened with the role of acting sulky and vengeful over Roxanne's "demise", he was also saddled with the responsibility of preparing himself for his Luna picking ceremony with Ava. Whom, he now utterly despised and couldn't wait to get rid of.
However, despite all that was going on, he was glad that he had finally gotten Roxanne, and that she was safe. He has sent Emily over to her and given the women his black card to do as their hearts seemed fit on this auspicious day. The day he would finally be putting an end to all their problems. He simply couldn't wait.
Lancelot had noticed that his mother's mood had been better in the past few days. Now that Roxanne was out of the way, and Lancelot and Ava's ceremony around the corner, the future she had meticulously planned for her son, was finally here. The goddess had taken away all obstacles, and now, everything would be back to normal, just as it had been.
However, Ava wasn't the only one overjoyed. As she sat on the stool in her room, dressed in a long and elegant beige colored dress, adorned with precious stones and hugging every curve in her body, Ava realized she had never felt more beautiful. Alas, all her dreams had come true.
Her cheeks reddened and she blushed as her mother placed the diamond tiara on her head. Theresa's eyes found her daughter's smiling face in the mirror, and her lips spread out into a smile as well.
"Can you believe it mother? Everything is finally coming to pass! I'm just so awed. Finally, Lancelot has come to his senses. I'm just so happy mother!" As she screamed, Theresa lowered her head and placed a kiss on her daughter's forehead. "Mum! You might ruin the foundation." Ava giggled and Theresa laughed.
"Then we'll touch it up again. The Luna is never late for her crowning ceremony. It is your ceremony after all. It doesn't begin, until you're there. I'm just so happy and proud of you, and I know your father would be too."
Of course he would, Ava thought. After all, they had perfectly planned this together.
She was about to say something when they heard a knock at the door.
"Come in," Ava called out, and the door opened. A maid stepped in and bowed.
Yes, they all knew that they had to start bowing to her now. That was good.
"It is time, Your Highness."
Your Highness. Ava sucked in the feeling and allowed herself wallow in it. It was music to her ears.
"You heard her there, rise."
And rise, she did.
The ceremony was now in full swing. Guests from all over the continent were gathered, just as they had been gathered for his coronation. It was an outdoor event, taking place in the courtyard, the same place his coronation ritual was held. Madeline had invited all that cared to attend in their pack, as Lancelot had instructed. Even at that, non-distinguished guest were made to watch the event from the palace gate. Lancelot needed the crowd, he wanted everyone to see how Ava would be disgraced and her father s*** of all his titles and possessions. It was all part of Lancelot's grand plan.
All the members of the Dankworth family were present, including the two eldest women; Marion and Eloise. Eloise had been wary of approaching Lancelot ever since Roxanne's death was announced. He had not given anyone the space to talk to him, not even Reuben. Still, she couldn't shake away the feeling that all was not as it seemed. Something was definitely amiss, but she had never taken a close look at Lancelot to figure out what it was.
As the ceremony began, Madeline was everywhere. Welcoming guests, organizing the distribution of food and drinks, smiling and waving at everyone's faces. Even when Edward told her to relax, there were servants and ushers to do all that she was stressing herself with, but Madeline would have none of it. Her dreams had finally come through, it was time to celebrate and nothing would stop her. After the event she planned to drink herself to stupor in her chambers and with her husband.
Lancelot was seated on his throne, adorned in his royal robe and dressed elegantly, to please his Luna. Yet, as he sat in the seat, he wanted nothing more than to go over to Garrett and hold him by his throat until every life in him was lost. But, he couldn't do that just yet, a more unbearable punishment was waiting for him.
Lancelot turned over to Peter, and stared at him. Through their mindlink, they were able to communicate. Lancelot asked him if everything had been put in place and Peter answered affirmatively. Arthur and Lee had done a good job at pretending like they knew nothing of what had happened. The guards in the house had nothing to say besides the fact that Roxanne and a maid had been poisoned. And Lancelot had checked in with Roxanne and Emily this morning to ensure they were safe, he also sent guards to escort and guard them as they went about doing...well, whatever female best friends did while they were together.
Finally, the trumpet indicating Ava's arrival was sounded, and everyone - including Lancelot - stood still and turned to the beginning of the aisle, where she was expected to come in from.
All jaws dropped and hearts swooned as Ava stepped in. She was breathtakingly beautiful, and just the Luna queen that London Pride pack needed. Every step she took towards Lancelot caused bile to rise up in his stomach. He had always been a tough man, but he had never known hate, until he found out Ava's true colors. No punishment would be enough for her, but something had to suffice.
Dancers dressed in elegant costumes flocked around Ava while welcoming her into the center of the occasion. She danced with all the joy in her heart, and swayed her hips to the beat of the drums. Garrett was pleased as he watched her, all his hard work had paid off after all.
Finally, the music stopped and Ava was standing in the middle of the crowd. Madeline was the one who was to crown her and hand over, just the way Edward had done for Lancelot. So, she stepped out of her seat, and walked to the middle of the crowd.
All heads bowed as she rose, and no one dared look up until she spoke.
"People of London Pride pack. It is no secret that on this auspicious day, my son, the Alpha King of this pack, has decided to pick a Luna queen amongst us, HIS OWN PEOPLE." Everyone cheered out loud and she turned to Ava.
Ava knelt on the ground with a proud smile on me.
"So, with the power bestowed on me..."
Lancelot's heartbeat quickened in his chest, it was time. His eyes found Arthur and Peter in the crowd, and he nodded at them. It was their signal to rise up and prepare to expose Ava.
"I now pronounce you..."
When Arthur and Peter were out of the crowd, Lancelot returned his eyes to his mother. He watched carefully as Madeline took off the crown on Ava's head and placed it on the ground. She took off the one on her head, and gently lowered it to Ava's head.
"Luna of..."
Now was the time. Lancelot's angry voice echoed all over the courtyard.
"Stop! Mother!"
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Murmurs erupted from all around the room and Madeline's eyes shot up.
Ava fought back the urge to stand up and yank her hair out in annoyance. What exactly was wrong with Lancelot? If he wasn't so pivotal to her becoming a Luna queen, she would have taken him out of the way a long time ago. Garrett shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He could only but wonder what Lancelot's problem was, this time around.
"Lancelot, what is the meaning of this?" Madeline asked, already fed up of the constant drama Lancelot always started.
"I am not taking Ava as my Luna queen mother," he said aloud as he rose up.
The rest of the Dankworth family stared at the scene in front of them with shock, while Garrett's nose twitched as his blood boiled with rage. Lancelot was going to humiliate his daughter once again, and if that happened, Garrett swore to end Lancelot's reign, there and then.
Madeline shot her son a stony glare as her crown fell from her hands.
"She has innocent blood on her hands mother, I would not allow her sins taint my throne."
Madeline stare lowered to Ava, whose eyes shot up to meet Lancelot. Fear washed over her, before she broke into tears. They were in the presence of more than three quarter of the London Pride pack population, and Lancelot had thought it wise to humiliate her here!
"What are you talking about Your Grace? I..."
"Not another word!" he screamed at her and Ava was silenced immediately.
Madeline was fuming with rage from where she stood, and she was going to demand a public explanation for his nonsense if he did not explain himself in the next...
"Bring in the maid!" Lancelot screamed aloud. It was Peter and Arthur's cue to drag Marilyn into the center.
The panic in her chest sliced her heart into half as Ava looked at Marilyn being thrown to the floor, her hands in chains as she cried.
They knew. Lancelot knew, Peter knew, and it was only a matter of time until everyone else knew. Garrett sank in his seat when Theresa sent him a questioning glare. He had no words to tell his wife.
Murmurs and whispers could be heard, before Lancelot spoke.
"You would tell this crowd everything you said to me, begin!" Lancelot thundered, and Marilyn shivered with fear as she spoke.
"All he has said is true!" she cried out, and everyone gasped. Madeline looked down at her in confusion.
"Ava, Princess Ava was responsible for the death of the human and the maid. She paid me, three days ago, to find the venom of a green cobra. When I did, I was instructed to put it into the food dished for the human woman. It is a poison that acts in less than a minute and spreads very fast. The maid who tasted the food, also died immediately she did so. It was all my fault, I should never have taken Ava's offer..."
"She's lying!" Ava screamed, whole crawling towards Marilyn. She was like a mad woman, her tears had made a mess of her mascara and eyeliner.
"How dare you lie against me! How dare you!"
"Silence!" Lancelot screamed, bringing everyone to a solemn pause.
"Guards, seize Lord Garrett, he is in on this as well."
Garrett sprang up to his feet in shock and watched as three guards matched towards him.
"You wouldn't dare! I have served your father and this father before him, let go of me!"
Guard picked up Ava from the floor as well, everyone was dumbstruck.
"For what they have done, Ava Relish would be sentenced to life imprisonment in the dungeon. While Garrett Relish, would be s*** of his title, all his possessions and would be banished from our pack, forever!"
No other words were said as Ava and her father were dragged out of the crowd, Marilyn followed next.
Madeline who stood stupefied in the middle of the crowd, dragged her feet back to her husband's side.
"When would you be choosing a Luna then? Now that this has happened?" a voice called out from within the crowd. And the previously shocked audience began their chattering again.
Lancelot smiled and spoke to them.
"I would be announcing my engagement ceremony soon, and until then, there would be no further comments from me."
Madeline thought she was going to faint in her seat.
Lancelot wore a satisfied smile as he settled down into his throne.
It was done, nothing could stop him from being with Roxanne anymore.
###CHAPTER 108: BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
"Girl, don't tell me you're still asleep!" That was the first thing Roxanne heard, before Emily sent a pillow crashing down on her head. She g*** in pain - let it be known that she felt no pain, the pillow was filled with feathers - and sat up slowly, scrubbing her eyes with the back of her palms.
Roxanne and Emily broke into laughter when they stared at each other in their pyjamas. They had missed each other an awful lot. The past three days if being together had taught both of them the true value of real friendship. With Emily around, Roxanne felt like no matter what happened, she would always have a home to run back to. Emily was everything to her; her best friend and her family, and she would not ever take that for granted.
Emily, on the other hand, felt the same way for Roxanne. They had spent so much time apart, but none of that had affected their friendship. Roxanne had been the only person Emily had ever let close to her, and she had not disappointed. Just like Roxanne, Emily's family was nothing to write home about, but Roxanne had always been there for her. So, Emily knew that no matter what, she would always be there for her best friend too.
"You're crazy, do you know that?" Roxanne asked, as she rose up and stretched her arms out.
"Girl! Don't you know what today is?"
Roxanne's left brow arched in query. "What?"
Emily rolled her eyes and picked out a black card from the pocket of her pyjamas. She flashed the card at Roxanne's face with a broad smile on her face.
"Today is the day we paint London red!" Emily screamed, while jumping in the air. Roxanne shook her head as she chuckled. She didn't have to take another look at the card before she recognized who it belonged to Lancelot Dankworth. As she thought of his name, heat crept up from her stomach to her cheeks, causing them to turn crimson red.
"You're finished baby girl, and that's plain a*** simple," Emily taunted, and Roxanne glared at her.
"What do you mean by finished?"
Emily laughed and moved closer to Roxanne, before she placed her hand on Roxanne's face and threatened to expand her cheeks. Roxanne squealed and Emily burst out laughing.
"Even the sight of his card is causing you to blush, that looks pretty finished to me."
Roxanne rolled her eyes and walked past Emily, while heading towards the bathroom. "Enough of the plenty talk girl, we have a long day today."
Emily took another look at the premium card in her hands. "Like hell we do!"
Emily and Roxanne took turns in taking their shower and getting ready. As usual, Emily made sure that Roxanne looked absolutely stunning, she has to be after all, the Alpha King of this land was madly in love with her. Emily was her normal crazy and artistic self, and Roxanne loved how her friend always expressed herself through her fashion choices.
The ladies were ready in two hours and Emily wrapped Roxanne's arm in hers as they strolled out of the room - after making sure that the room was safely locked so no one could break in in their absence, there was no telling what the people of this pack could do laughed and chattered all the way down to the reception, where the guards Lancelot had assigned to watch over them today, were waiting for them.
Emily was absolutely thrilled to be in the Dankworth limousine. She had been in limos before, but there was something royally exquisite about this one. It was furnished to their taste. Good pop music and lots of champagne. "Be careful not to drink yourself away before the main party starts," Roxanne warned Emily while laughing, but her best friend wouldn't listen, after all, her body had developed a high resistance to alcohol over the years.
Their first stop was the National Museum in London, a reservation had been booked for them in Lancelot's name. Roxanne could see the joy on Emily's face, she knew that her friend would love to have someone of her artworks here one day. Throughout their one hour expedition, Emily could not stop talking about every piece of painting or sculpture she laid her eyes on. And when they were told that taking pictures of the exhibitions or with the exhibitions were not allowed, they were distraught, but rules were rules. Emily and Roxanne left the museum bubbly and happy.
The next stop was a makeover salon. Emily insisted on trying out a new hair color for her nappy curls; purple. Roxanne on the other hand, would not tamper with her hair. Instead, she got enjoyed a luxurious pedicure and manicure session, before Emily insisted on trying out the spa.
"Come on. We've been so stressed lately. At least, we deserve a massage."
Roxanne finally agreed. They each got their full body message, and paid for a thirty minutes soak in the bubbly hot Jacuzzi, before Emily finally spoke. She had been longing to talk to Roxanne about this particular issue, and now that they were alone, it was the perfect time to do so.
"Hey, Roxanne," she started. Roxanne looked up from the water her legs had been soaking in, and fixed her eyes on Emily.
She noticed Emily's sober expression, and her mind began to wonder what the problem must have been.
"Listen, I know that so many things have been going on here, some of them scary...what? Most of them scary," Emily said aloud, and Roxanne laughed. She was right, most of the things that had happened here were only possible in a classical horror movie, or thriller, or fantasy.
"And, I know that you expect me to vehemently kick against your being here. For reals, I want nothing more than to drag you away from this place and keep you safe in America. I mean, these people have put you through a lot, even Lancelot has put you through a lot of danger and the truth is, I don't trust them, any of them."
Roxanne understood her friend's stance. If Emily had been in her shoes, she would have felt the same way for her. It was hard to begin to trust someone who had repeatedly hurt you and put you in danger without thinking twice about it. Roxanne opened her mouth to speak, but Emily was faster.
"Nevertheless, I want you to know that..."
"If I can't get close to you, I'll settle for the ghost of you..." Roxanne broke into the famous Justin Bieber song and Emily's mood brightened up immediately. She burst out laughing and Roxanne followed suit.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"What the hell was that?" Emily asked, while throwing her head back in laughter.
Roxanne shrugged her shoulders and laughed.
"It just felt right."
"Girl, don't ever sing again!"
"I'm hurt." Roxanne feigned a pout and pressed her hands to her bare chest, dramatically. Emily laughed, until her laughter dissolved.
"Honestly, if you really want to stay here, if you're sure that all this is what you want, that Lancelot is what you want, I would go back to America and let you stay here. That is, after Lancelot swears on his life that he is going to keep you safe. This is a decision you need to make sooner or later Roxanne. Neither of you have time to waste. What do you say? What do you want to do?"
Roxanne sighed thoughtfully. She had had this in her mind for days, but had never found the perfect time to talk to her best friend. She let go of the side of the bath she held, and swam a short distance to where her friend sat. "I have made up my mind already Emily...I'm going to stay."
Roxanne noticed the gloominess in Emily's eyes, but she wasn't done yet.
"Em, the truth is, everything that has happened to me was not entirely Lancelot's fault. The forces against him, the forces against him and I, everything contributed to everything I've been through...that we've been through. And the funny thing is, despite all of these things, I still love him and I still want to be with him. What I feel for Lancelot, it's not a fleeting feeling that comes when things are rosy and goes away when things are bad. Even in the bad times, I ache for him. What Lancelot and I have....it's...it's worth fighting for Em. And I promise, Lancelot isn't forcing me to stay..."
"He couldn't even if he tried," Emily chipped in, and Roxanne smiled.
"I love you Em, and you'll always be my best friend. But, I have to stay, I have to fight for what I love."
The atmosphere felt tense and moody, before Emily faked a tear and Roxanne narrowed her eyes at her.
"You know, if I wasn't anti love, I would have broken down into tears at that speech." As she spoke, she dabbed her eyes with the back of her palms and Roxanne laughed.
Emily proceeded in mimicking Roxanne. "What we have is worth fighting for...yen..yen..yen."
Roxanne blushed madly.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading! "Shut up! Let's get out of this Jacuzzi, we have some more places to see."
"Alright baby girl!"
Together, they hopped out of the bath, and tied their towels around their chest.
The next stop was a boutique, and both women absolutely loved shopping. While they were trying out new dresses, bags, hats and shoes, Emily heard her phone ring in her bag. She excused herself from the dressing room and stepped outside to answer it, whole the sales woman continued to swoon over how a red dinner gown looked extremely beautiful on Roxanne's body.
"Hello," Emily said, when she pressed the phone against her ear.
The next voice that came on was Lancelot's voice.
"Emily, I need you to do something for me."
She wanted to frown, but she remembered Roxanne's heartfelt speech. For Roxanne, she would try her best to trust this man again, whether or not she was spending his money. "Yes, what might that be?"
"Roxanne's family. I need you to book tickets for a flight to London for all of them. The same day, on the same flight, first class. They need to be here by Saturday morning." Emily's eyes narrowed at nothing in particular.
"What do you need them for?"
"You'll see. Just please, don't let Roxanne know about any of this. It's a surprise, please."
Emily rolled her eyes and kissed her teeth.
"Fine, whatever."
The call ended immediately and she turned back to look into the dressing room. Roxanne was posing for pictures, with a broad smile on her face.
At that point, Emily almost welled up. She had not seen Roxanne so happy in a long time.
###CHAPTER 109: NO WORDS
Peter had barely had time to check his phone in the course of the last few days. Everything that had happened in the palace, from the poisoning attempt, to the death of the maid, Lancelot's fake Luna crowning ceremony, Ava's arrest and Garrett's banishment, to the post effects of all those events, Peter had finally found a day of rest...
While Lancelot was preparing to tell his family the real truth about all that had happened to Roxanne, and what he intended to do next, Peter was given some free time to clear his head and get his issues sorted out. That was how he was able to sit on his bed in the guest chambers and go through his phone.
And, that was how he was able to see the countless missed calls and messages that had been sent in by an unknown number. He was perplexed, while wondering who the person was, and what he or she wanted from him. It wasn't until he opened the first message and read the first line aloud, that he knew who the messages were from.
Hera, he thought out loud. He had deleted her number immediately she got down from the car, after she had made it clear that she wanted nothing to do with him. Why then was she calling and texting him so frequently? Now, just when he thought he was making progress and finally learning to live his life as he did before she ever stepped into it, she emerged from the darkness again, eager to steal his joy and rub his pain in his face.
"Dear Peter...no, forget that. Peter, I want to say that I'm really sorry for all those things that I said to you that morning, but I'm sure my phone calls have already told you that. The truth is, I was scared and confused. I really didn't know what to do, what to say, I didn't want to raise your hopes until I was sure of..."
Peter stopped and scoffed in anger.
"Raise my hopes? You've got to be kidding me," he spat out, talking to no one in particular, before he continued.
"...however, I have made my decision and I am in London now. At Intercontinental Hotel. Please Peter, I really need to see you, even if it's the last time I get to do so. Please, do call me when you've made your decision."
Peter sighed and dropped the phone by the side of his left leg. It had been so long already, what was he going to say to her? What was she going to say to him? Or was she bored again and decided she needed his company, since he had allowed himself to be used by her before? Peter wasn't sure what his answer was, and there was only one way to find out.
Peter made a decision. He was going to see her, at least, to get closure. He was certain there was no way he could move on, until he knew that their end was definite.
So, he picked up the phone and texted the number.
"I would be there in an hour," was all he typed, before he pressed the send button, and slipped his phone into the back pocket of his black suit. He walked out of the room and closed the door behind him as he wondered if there was any need to tell Lancelot that he was leaving. After all, he was sure he wouldn't be out for too long.
With that thought, he walked out of the palace, to the car park and wasted no time in locating his car before opening the door and entering inside. When he was in, he took few seconds to suck in deep breaths, while trying to assure himself that no matter the outcome of his meeting with Hera, he would be strong and leave her room like the man he was.
He was only in love, and even if that made people foolish, it did not mean that he had to be.
Peter arrived at the hotel in forty five minutes, and when he checked his phone again, Hera had texted him a room number, the wing and floor that the room was located. The receptionist pointed directions to him, and he was instructed to take the right elevator.
He proceeded until he found the room.
345.
He stood straight, with his head high as he knocked on it. The door opened immediately, almost as if she had been waiting for him. Immediately he saw her, his heart began to pound against his chest. He wasn't ready to look at her, not just yet.
Hera's dark blue eyes locked his in a stare, and Peter's heart melted immediately.
Hera had rehearsed their conversation a million times in the last few days, while hoping that one day, he would reply to her texts. She was ready to wait in this hotel for as long as it took. Once she received the text from him, she was overjoyed. She got up immediately and began to set the room in order.
Now, he was here, she was completely smitten, and at a loss of what to do or say.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"Am I just going to keep standing here?" Peter finally spoke, dragging Hera back to the present. Her eyes lit up as she moved away from the door and allowed him to step in. Peter glanced at her, before he took two steps inside. She closed the door behind him, before facing him.
"You said you wanted to see me," Peter spoke, and tucked his hand into his pocket while maintaining a cold look.
Hera was distraught. He didn't appear glad to see her, in fact, he looked as though he could not wait to leave her presence. It hurt her, a whole lot.
"Peter, I..."
"I left official duties for this, I don't have a lot of time," he cut in. Peter didn't need her to beat around the bush. He wanted her to go straight to the point, hit the dart pin on the bull's eye so he could go and continue with his life.
His words sent arrows into Hera's heart. She knew that she had hurt him, but she had never expected him to be so cold towards her. Perhaps, she had underestimated him.
Tears gathered in her eyes, and Peter looked away from her. If that was her plan to make him change his mind, he wouldn't let it work.
Hera moved closer to him and stood there.
"Look, Peter, I just really want you to know that I'm sorry..."
He rolled his eyes.
"I know you are, I guess that's goodbye," he said, before he took a step forward, but Hera caught his hand and pulled him back. Peter turned to her and threw her a stony glare. She swallowed nervously.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"And I know that's not enough. No number of times I apologize would be enough to make up for how I hurt you, how I took advantage of you. But, I just need one chance to make it right Peter. Just one chance, I swear on it." Even though Peter's eyes softened at her tears and how genuine she sounded, he had to keep his cold tone. He scoffed bitterly and looked down at her.
"How do you intend to do that? You are a king's wife remember? And I would be no woman's side piece."
"You don't have to be!" she cried out, and Peter only raised a brow at her, silently demanding an explanation.
Hera's tears continued to flow freely down her cheeks.
"I left him Peter, I abandoned the marriage and I came here...for you...for us. And I'm sorry I was so foolish as to leave in the first place, but I had to get my priorities straight, and..." She moved closer to him, and dared to hold his hands. Peter felt goosebumps crawl to the top of his skin. Luckily, the sleeves of his shirt didn't let her see that.
"I'm here Peter, and I'm never leaving again, whether or not you reject me. I would take as long as it takes to wait for you and get you back. I swear on it."
Peter looked down at her. He couldn't believe all that she was saying. She had really left her marriage, her royal status, everything and everyone she had ever known and all for him? He couldn't pretend anymore, her decision had moved him. Without saying a word, he stretched his arms out and pulled her closer to himself. He engulfed her in a gentle embrace and Hera's tears only poured out more. But they were no longer tears of sorrow, they were tears of joy. "Peter, I..." "Shhh, no words, don't say anything."
###CHAPTER 110: SECOND DANCE
Six days later...
The big party Emily had spoke about was happening today, even if no one knew exactly what the party was about, Roxanne was pumped to finally celebrate with Lancelot. It had been long since she did that.
So, when she woke up in the morning and found three maids staring at her, Roxanne was more than surprised. It was just a party, why did they treat her as though she were a bride getting dressed for her wedding? She asked herself. After greeting her, two of the maids offered her green tea and stood still while watching her drink the tea. When she was done, they helped her get up, u*** her, and ushered her into the bathroom, where warm rose water waited for her. She had not even been given the time to update Emily, who stayed in the next room, about what was going on.
After a massage in the rose water, she was scrubbed and thoroughly cleaned. Roxanne felt like a stubborn five-year old baby when one of the maids asked her to lift her foot up so she could scrub it.
When the bath was done, she was oiled, massaged once more, before a red dress was placed in front of her. Roxanne noticed it was one of the dresses she had tested in the store. It was then she knew Emily was in on this plan, she alone knew where Roxanne had kept the dress, and the maids wouldn't have entered into her closet without her permission.
Roxanne put on the dress and was allowed to swoon over herself in the mirror. The dress had cost a hundred and fifty thousand pounds, half of her salary, and was adorned with rare and original ruby stones. It was an off shoulder dress with veiled sleeves, and a back that cut way down to the top of her waist. It was straight, and hugged every curve in her body, until it formed a small ball at her feet.
She was made to sit in a chair and watch as the maids fixed her hair and her makeup. She was given red heels to wear underneath the dress, while her brown hair was styled into an elegant bun above her head.
The diamond piece on her neck could have been nothing short of twelve carats, Roxanne knew that for sure. She also knew that Lancelot was behind the necklace.
After she dressed up, a photographer was ushered into the room. Roxanne was made to pose for pictures by her room window, before she was ushered to the banquet hall by the maids, where the party was happening.
It was already in full swing when she got there, but as she stood at the top of the stairs, the sound of trumpets drew everyone's attention to her. The sound of people gasping at her beauty could be heard.
Roxanne was overcome with shyness, her already red cheeks reddened all the more, almost matching the color of her dress as she stepped down from the staircase. She was already halfway down when she caught sight of a face she had never expected to see...
Rayla.
Her bitchy sister still looked like the Chief Editor of Vogue she had always been. But this time, Roxanne realized she wasn't challenged or feeling overshadowed by Rayla's presence. She noticed the confidence in her, and she was proud of it. When she got to the foot of the stairs, she realized it wasn't just Rayla who was here, but Theresa, Isabelle, and both her parents. They all stared at her, neither knowing what to say. Roxanne had never dreamed of seeing any of them in such a way, how did they know where she would be?
Emily. It could only have been Emily. But still, why were they here?
Sarah was the first to break into tears as she rushed to embrace her daughter. Roxanne was taken aback by her mother's show of affection, but she realized she did miss it a little bit.
"Oh, Roxy, we have missed you so much," she said as she held on to Roxanne. Tears threatened to gather in Roxanne's eyes, but she fought them back. She could not cry now, not on this day when she was supposed to be happy.
Tony, her father, came forward next. He too had an apologetic look in his eyes, and Theresa stood right next to him.
"We're all really sorry Roxy, for everything."
Still, as she stared at them, she could not find any words to speak.
Isabelle came forward next, with a broad smile on her face.
"I always knew you'll be great, munchkin."
Roxanne laughed at Isabelle's nickname for her, while she still tried to keep her tears at bay. Rayla was the next person to move forward, and Roxanne couldn't help the frown that appeared on her face immediately. She had tried to forgive Rayla and her family for everything, but that did not mean she had forgotten so soon.
"What are you guys doing here?" she asked, before Rayla could speak. Sarah finally released her from her grip and wiped her tears off with a handkerchief. Tony drew his wife closer to him, to comfort her.
"Honestly, we don't know. We were only invited here by Emily and..." Rayla, who had decided to let her voice get heard, started, but she paused her sentence and focused her gaze above Roxanne's shoulder. "Isn't that him? The man that came to my wedding with you?"
Roxanne knew she was referring to Lancelot. She had not even seen him in a while, or Emily either.
"Oh, yeah. It's him, I wonder where he..." she began, as she started to turn her back to catch a glimpse of Lancelot, but when she turned, she was surprised to see him standing in front of her, with his hands behind his back.
The sight of him took her breath away. He always did, but something about now was different. He was in a black tuxedo, his hair gelled backwards, his blue eyes sparkled more than usual, and his lips...oh! his lips.
And when he broke into a smile, Roxanne felt her heart leap out of her chest. She would never get used to seeing Lancelot's handsome face, she knew it.
As she continued to stare at him, he did the most shocking thing; he went down on one knee, and stretched his right hand forward.
Roxanne felt cold run down her spine, she staggered backwards as her eyes widened in shock. It wasn't just her, everyone else present in the room shared in the surprise; including Madeline.
Arthur and the butler Lee wore a big smile on their faces, happy that Lancelot had finally taken the big step, not minding what anyone else had to say.
People all around them pulled out their phones to video the moment, while the maidens around gushed and wished they were Roxanne. The almighty Alpha King had knelt down to propose to a lady, she must have been really special. And they were right. To Lancelot, Roxanne was the best thing that had ever happened to his life. And going down on his knees and asking her to marry him, was something he had to do to make sure she stayed with him and brought color to his life forever.
Roxanne was breathless. She did not see this coming, not today. Lancelot knelt in front of her, while holding the most beautiful ring she had ever set her eyes on. The tears she had been fighting back broke themselves free and rushed out of her eyes with reckless abandon. It felt surreal, like a dream.
She felt cold and hot at the same time. She was so excited, it felt like she was floating in the air, just flying without wings.
Lancelot finally spoke up.
"Like the sun was made to shine, and the moon was made for the night, just like the sky is blue, Roxanne, I was made for you."
The room erupted with cheers, laughter, and applause. Roxanne pressed her hand to her mouth to stop her from screaming, but Lancelot wasn't done yet.
"My world was nothing but an empty drawing paper, but you stepped in and filled it with your rainbow of colors. Your smile, your cheerfulness, everything has filled my soul with so much joy than I know what to do with. I am in love with you Roxanne, and I do not know when I fell, but I have been falling ever since and I do not intend to ever be caught if it's not by you. So, I'm asking you to please marry me, and continue to make me the happiest man alive." "Say yes!" "Yes, say yes!"
She heard people chant from all over the room. But, she did not need them to tell her anything, she had known she wanted to spend the rest of her life with Lancelot the second he showed up at her side at Rayla's wedding dinner. So, she stretched out both arms and screamed at the top of her voice, for the whole world to hear.
"Yes! Yes I'll marry you!"
Drum rolls and every other musical instrument began to play their sweetest melodies. Lancelot slipped the ring into Roxanne's finger, stood up and lifted her into the air, before spinning her around. At that moment, he knew he had never been happier.
Rayla stood in awe while watching everything. She was surprised at the man her sister had won, despite the fact that she was prettier. His house, the people around him, everything was spectacular. Almost like she was getting married to the King of England.
From where she stood Madeline rolled her eyes as she picked up a glass of wine from the tray of a passing steward. She was fighting hard to hide her irritation. Humans, lots of them, were scattered around her banquet hall - even if it was the human mate and her family, that was already too much for her. She fanned herself with her fingers and nearly choked on her drink when she heard a voice behind her.
"Don't be distraught now, Madeline."
When she turned back in shock, she found Eloise smiling. Madeline couldn't help but feel like everyone else had lost their minds, besides her.
"I'm not distraught aunt, I have no doubt that one day, Lancelot would realize the mistake he has made. I am his mother, I would be here to help him fix it."
Eloise smiled as she shook her head. Madeline was indeed a difficult person.
"You see, that's not how love works, my dear. Love does not discriminate, it does not know name, class, skin color, it doesn't know tribe, it doesn't know riches. All it knows is the yearning to be with the one it loves. I mean, just take a look at Lancelot's assistant and the witch queen."
As Eloise spoke, Madeline followed her eyes to where Peter and Hera stood, leaning against each other and laughing.
Madeline scoffed.
"Their love would start a war."
"But they would fight it together, just like you and Edward always did."
Eloise's last statement shocked her, and she was forced to turn to where Edward's scent was stronger. He was standing by the bar, laughing and speaking to a guest. Madeline's heart warmed instantly. More than thirty years, and her love for him was as strong as ever.
Athaliah, who had watched everything with a smile on her face, finally thought it time to approach Peter and Hera. When Peter saw her, his face turned gloomy. Athaliah was probably here to promise him a lifetime of suffering, but she did nothing of such.
Instead, she broke into a soft smile and looked at her daughter.
"Take care of her, Peter. You might get tired of her stubbornness one day, but on that day, do not forget the sacrifice she has made to be with you."
Peter's heart warmed at Athaliah's statement and he managed a smile back.
"Ladies and gentlemen, announcement please," Lancelot's voice rang in the hall, and everyone turned to him.
"I have finally found the love of my life, and I intend to be with her forever. And nothing and no one would ever come between us. So please, join me celebrate!"
Cheers filled the room once more as he pulled Roxanne into his arms and swept his right hand around her waist, preparing for the second dance.
###CHAPTER 111: JAMES AND EMILY
In the middle of the heightened song and dance, James grabbed a bottle of champagne before he slipped out of the banquet hall, went up the stairs and into a dark corridor he did not recognize at least, not in his state without anyone noticing. No one would miss his presence after all, not after the man of the moment had just made his grand announcement.
With his sloppy steps and regrettable dance moves, he was able to keep the champagne bottle under his armpit for five minutes. The man was drunk out of his mind. All he had done since the party started was down glasses of champagne without speaking to anyone.
When he got to the corridor, he leaned against the wall and slid all the way to the ground, until his butt touched the hard floor, he winced in pain.
"You definitely had that coming for ya."
He heard a female voice say. James would have jerked up, since he didn't see anyone there before he entered, but he was way above the clouds to bother about that right now.
He corked his head towards the direction of the voice and was far from surprised to find the crazy woman from the hospital's car park. Although she looked a tad bit different today, he knew he couldn't miss those dark eyes.
Emily was surprised when she heard footsteps approach her. She was forced to drop her bottle of beer down for the first time in two hours before looking up at the intruder. When she saw James steadily approach her, she wondered what was wrong with the man.
"Hey, aren't you the lady from the hospital? Isn't this supposed to be your best friend's engagement? Why aren't you downstairs?" he asked, even his speech was sloppy. Emily couldn't make fun of him, hers wasn't any better.
Worse still, she reeked of beer, and his scent was masked with champagne.
"Aren't you the rude guy from the hospital? Isn't this supposed to be your brother's engagement?"
James chuckled when she twisted his question and threw it back at him.
"Oh. Yeah, you're smart alright..." A hiccup escaped his throat, before he began to laugh.
"You see, I would have been down there, but all the love and happiness is making me feel real uncomfortable. I haven't seen such a mood in a long time, and I don't even know how to react to it..." He stopped talking and tilted his head back to its normal position, as he stared at the sole of his feet.
"Seeing Lancelot, my brother, so happy." A sad smile crept up to James's face. Sober James would have never done this. Sober James would have never sat next to a human woman while spilling his guts out to her, but drunk James didn't seem to care.
"Ever since our brother died, there was this thick cloud that came upon our lives. It just refused to go, or rain, for many years. Until, the human woman came along. I was frightened, angry, not just because she was human, but because she was change. And my family never responded to that well."
Emily listened carefully and wholeheartedly, not to judge, not to snap-as was a contrast to the first time they met-but because she really wanted to know what he had to say. Poor man seemed to have a lot of shit going on. No one was ever stuck up like he was, without a reason.
Finally, she scoffed and turned slowly to him, corking her head gently to the right.
"Yeah, you're right. Change does suck." She shouldn't have said what she did next, but she couldn't help it.
"You know, I've had my bullshit share of change as well."
James's eyes seemed to brighten as he turned to her.
"Really?"
Emily smiled sadly and nodded.
"Yeah. I mean, when my father died, it was just my mother and I for a very long time you know. We were each other's rock and I convinced myself we was gonna be like that forever. Well, until my step father came and all that changed. Mum never had time for me anymore. Step-daddy introduced her to drugs, weed, every pill that could be popped. And when she was done for, he left her, just like that. My mother became a shadow of herself, you know. She kicked me out when I was fourteen, I haven't seen her since then."
Tears
which were very strange to Emily gathered in her eyes as she spoke. She had only ever told this to one person, and that was Roxanne. Still, it had been years ago since she opened up about her past, why she was so strong and distrusting about everything and everyone.
She sniffed back her tears and James narrowed his eyes at her.
"Well, if it does make you feel any better, I think I'm on drugs too."
Emily's right brow arched as she glared at him in query.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 000005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"What?"
James rolled his eyes before they landed back on her again.
"'Cause I can swear when I saw you a few days ago, your curls were blonde. And now they're purple? Champagne doesn't do that to people."
Just like that, Emily burst into laughter. She had not expected to, she had not planned to, but it happened anyway. James's eyes softened as he looked at her, she was much prettier when she smiled. "Shut up white boy." Emily continued to laugh, as she punched his thigh playfully. James feigned a scowl and held on to his legs dramatically.
"That hurt!" he cried out, and Emily continued to laugh, until her laughter disappeared.
"Honestly though, why you out here?" she asked, when she had gotten his full attention again.
The question he had carefully avoided, had managed to resurface. He picked up the bottle and pressed it against his lips, while he eagerly downed the content.
"Other than the fact that another change I'm scared of has appeared, I don't know. Maybe I'm worried and I don't trust your friend. I might not be one of the best brothers in the world, but I love my brother. He's been hurt, we've all been hurt, and I saw what that did to him. I cannot stand to see him get hurt again, by your friend. He's so happy, just like he was before Bran left us, if your friend suddenly realizes along the road that all this...him, is too much to handle and she leaves...it'll shatter him."
Emily didn't say anything. She turned her eyes back to her bottle of beer and reached out to it.
How was it that they had the exact fear about everything?
"So, why are you out here? Aren't you supposed to be playing chief bride's maid or something?" James threw her the question back, and Emily was forced to chuckle.
"Other than the fact that I don't trust your brother and I'm scared Roxanne is happily walking into the worst mistake of her life, I don't know. Maybe 'cause deep down, I just want us to hop on a plane and go back to America. But, she's madly in love with him, has faith in what they share and believes they deserve a fighting chance."
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
James tilted his head to the other side.
"She said that?"
"She did, and it's all in her eyes."
James chuckled and rested his head on the wall.
"Damn, love does make people fools."
Emily laughed and rolled her eyes. She rested her head on the wall, close to his.
"It sure does."
"Well, if they trust each other, that means we have to trust them too, right?" James spoke up again. And Emily continued to stare at him.
It was only now she noticed the hard structure of his cheek bones.
"Yes, I guess we would just have to. I have my eyes on your brother though. If he hurts my friend, he's past tense, I'll make sure of it."
James laughed out loud. The image of Emily trying to hurt Lancelot in his head was funny.
"And if your sister hurts him..."
"You don't have to say another word," Emily cut in, and James's laughter grew louder.
###CHAPTER 112: SHE WAS ALL HIS
Later that night was the mating ritual; the ritual of bonding. The palace was in high spirits, and the chief priest was invited to perform the ritual. Eloise and Marion, the two elderly women in the palace stayed with the priest to get things ready, while Madeline and Edward, along with the rest of the Dankworth house got themselves ready to attend.
Peter was in Lancelot's chambers, putting all necessary things in order, while Emily stayed with her best friend, and finally had the guts - after her sloppy discussion with James - to take care of her "chief bridesmaid" duties.
At exactly 11 pm both bride and groom were ready for their precession. Lancelot was the first to be ushered down the stairs, out of the palace and into the courtyard, where the ritual was to take place under the full moon. The ground was set; royal woven stools placed side by side, in front of a large fireplace.
The members of the Dankworth family were behind him, while the musicians and dancers played and danced around to loud drums.
Roxanne arrived a few minutes later, dressed in a black linen dress with a crown made of onyx stones on her head. Emily held her hand as she walked on the aisle made for her, until she got to the fireplace. She was made to sit on the stool beside Lancelot.
The priest began the chants and the dance around the fire. Roxanne did not understand what was going on, but Lancelot held her hand in a very loving way all through.
"We will just do what he tells us," he whispered in her ear, before placing a soft kiss behind her neck.
Roxanne blushed and waited for instructions.
After the priest's dance, Lancelot and Roxanne were asked to kneel in front of the fire. While the people around were made to chant things Roxanne did not understand.
Lancelot was asked to lean into Roxanne and mark her with his bite. Lancelot held her closely to his arms, and leaned into her, tilted her neck slightly and dug his teeth into the exact spot he had marked her on their first night. Roxanne felt a strange jolt of electricity course through her veins.
For the second ritual, Lancelot was given a knife by the priest, which he pierced into the skin above his right wrist. Blood trickled out of his flesh and Roxanne - with all the love in her heart - lowered her head, took his hands in her hand and placed her lips on his blood, she licked it with her tongue.
The priest smiled in satisfaction and Lancelot drew her in and kissed her blood stained lips immediately she raised her head.
Everyone clapped and cheered. Both man and wife held each other happily. Finally, their mate bond had been sealed, there was nothing and no one who could tear them apart.
**********
One Week Later...
Their wedding was set to be held in a Catholic church on the outskirts of the city. Lancelot had insisted it would only be normal to have one, since Roxanne was human and must have dreamt about her wedding dress all her life as a little child. Roxanne blushed when he said it, because he was right. The wedding was scheduled to be held the Saturday after their engagement, and everyone was elated to hear about it. Including Roxanne's family members - who were absent at the ritual who had been treated to a luxurious week in the Dankworth guest palace.
Emily and Roxanne didn't need to go bridal shopping. Top notch designers were invited into the palace. Roxanne picked a design of her choice, was measured and it was delivered to her room door in less than three days. It hung on her room wall and she could not wait to put it on.
That was why she woke up so excited on the morning of the wedding. She had been kept away from Lancelot all week, even after their mating ritual. Emily said something about seeing the bride before the wedding being bad luck, and neither of them wanted bad luck to befall their wedding.
Roxanne got ready with Emily supervising the makeup artist and hair dressers that were assigned to her. While she also tried to get herself ready. Emily was going to be Roxanne's chief bridesmaid and she had to make sure that everything was in order.
Roxanne was dressed in a long white flowing dress, and covered with the most beautiful silk veil she had ever seen. Emily, on the other hand, wore a beige dress, and held her purple curls in a tight bun above her head.
"I can't believe I'm doing this, Em. I'm getting married to the man of my dreams!" Roxanne had squealed in excitement, the moment the dressers left them alone.
Emily jumped, did a small dance on her heels, which made Roxanne laugh, before engulfing her best friend in a tight embrace.
"Well, you better believe it. It is as real as it gets."
Roxanne blushed madly, while she held on to Emily.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I love you Emily. Thanks for everything, always being by my side, always supporting me. You never let me down, not even for a single moment and I would never forget you for that."
"You couldn't, even if you tried," Emily said in a humorous tone that masked the tears in her voice. Roxanne had finally gotten her dream ending, but this wasn't an ending; it was a beginning, to more days of joy and happiness. Roxanne laughed out loud, and when she sniffed, Emily pulled away from her.
"You better not be trying to ruin this million dollar makeup," she said, feigning a scowl and Roxanne's eyes brightened, as she blinked rapidly, to fight back her tears.
"Of course not."
Emily chuckled and stretched her hand out to her best friend.
"Now come, let's go take that man's breathe away."
*******
Lancelot felt his breath being sucked out of him the moment Roxanne walked into the room, and the song at the background was the song he sang in his heart while she walked down the aisle, in her father's arms. He was so proud of her. She had come a long way from when they first met. Now, she was a bold and strong woman, who had found the courage to forgive her family for all the hurt they had caused her.
Emily stood at the far end of the altar, while Peter-Lancelot's best man-stood beside him. In the crowd, James found it difficult to take his eyes off Emily, who was all smiles as she watched her best friend come in. "Wise men say, only fools rush in, but I can't help falling in love with you..." The sweet melody of the songstress continued to fill the room.
"So take my hand, take my whole life too, 'cause I can't help falling in love with you."
Roxanne arrived in front of Lancelot and he took her hand and led her to the altar, where the reverend father waited for them.
Everything would forever remain fresh in Lancelot's mind, from every word he said in his wedding vow, to every word he listened to her say, their exchange of rings. In times when they fought, it would be his zeal to pull her back into his arms. "I will always love you, now and forever more," she had said, before placing her ring in his finger.
Lancelot held on to Roxanne's hands, not willing to ever let her go.
"Loving you, would always be my one and only choice," he spoke to her, staring deep into her violet eyes as he slipped his ring into her finger. "You may now kiss the bride."
Everyone rose up in cheers, and with loud applause as Lancelot drew Roxanne close to him, rid her of her veil, and crashed his lips into hers. "Mine," Ziko growled within him and Lancelot smiled.
Yes, she was all his.
Now and forever.
EPILOGUE: Together forever
###EPILOGUE
Five Years Later...
"Tehilah, get back here this instant!" Roxanne screamed at the top of her voice, whole laughter erupted from around the table. The five year old didn't mind her mother, she continued to run eagerly towards her father, who held her three year old younger brother in his arms as he stepped into the dining room.
"Daddy and Jojo!" she screamed out loud, when she gripped Lancelot's leg. Lancelot's eyes rose up from his daughter and rested on Roxanne's frowning face.
"The girl is just happy to see me, which is more than she's been to see you," Lancelot teased and everyone at the table laughed, Roxanne's scowl deepened.
"Ouuuuu, burner!" Hera screamed out loud, and everyone laughed again. Peter squeezed the top of her lap to show her that Roxanne wasn't smiling. Peter and Hera had been together, and were now a married couple. Peter had gotten a very big promotion; from Lancelot's personal assistant, to his beta wolf. And Hera was right by his side. Of course, their marriage had threatened to start a war between the witch and the wolf kingdoms, but Roxanne - the now strong and smart Luna Queen - was able to find a solution to curb the effect.
Since then, Hera had been the comedian of the palace, causing everyone to burst into laughter every now and then. She and Roxanne had become friends and had grown closer over the years.
"You just indulge her much more than you are supposed to," Roxanne shot back, as she rose up, stretching her arms to collect her son, Joash, from her husband's arms. However, before he handed their three year old son, Lancelot leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Roxanne's left cheek. She rolled her eyes in mock indifference before she burst into a smile.
"That's my girl!" Emily screamed out, when she saw the blush creep into Roxanne's cheek. She had been in the palace ever since she moved to London to take her craft to the next level. Most of her shows and exhibitions were held in Europe anyway, so it made traveling easier. Lancelot and James had been pleased by her works and decided to buy and exhibit many of them in the palace gallery. That way, she got more recognition and deals from art collectors all around the world. Emily was doing well for herself, but she was more proud of Roxanne.
Her friend had grown to be an incredible Luna queen and had beaten everyone's low expectations of her hands down. She was a strong willed woman, who handled the affairs of the palace extremely well, even in Lancelot's absence. It pleased Madeline, to see that her son had entrusted his companionship into the hands of a smart woman. The deal breaker that stole Madeline's heart was when Roxanne made a simple suggestion to call a truce between their kingdom and the witch kingdom when Ahab threatened to come for their heads. Just as Roxanne had suggested, the king was more interested in material things than having his wife back. And when he was given just enough horses, cars and money, he withdrew from Hera and Peter's lives.
James leaned into Emily's ear after her loud comment and whispered as he sat next to her.
"And you could be my girl."
Emily was grateful for her dark skin, that way, James didn't get to see her blush. She faked a stony glare and turned to him. "Boy, if you don't get your white a*** outta my face."
James chuckled and withdrew from her, while Emily smiled and shook her head. The man had been coming on strong ever since she moved into the palace. Their drunken conversation five years ago was more than enough to show the both of them that they had more in common than either of them cared to admit. While James still remained the stuck up douchebag he was once in a while, Emily never hesitated to clear him whenever he messed up. She was the only one he was soft around, because he didn't have a choice. Their friendship was growing and waxing stronger each day, and they never said it, but each of them wanted to be more than friends with the other.
Roxanne held her son in her arms as they settled in the chair. Tehilah finally left her father and ran to her grandfather's part of the table before she jumped on his body. The girl seemed to prefer the males in her family to the females. Edward raised his granddaughter up and sat her on his lap. She turned to Madeline and made funny faces at her, causing the whole table to erupt into laughter. Madeline feigned a scowl as she turned to Lancelot.
"Roxanne isn't wrong, you're indulging her way too much." But Lancelot couldn't hear her, not when he had his tongue deep in Roxanne's throat. Madeline picked up a fork from her plate and threw it at them. Lancelot saw it from the corner of his eyes and dodged, just in time.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 00005s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
Roxanne laughed and bowed her head shyly, while Lancelot glared at his mother.
"What was that for?"
Marion, his grandmother, was the one to speak.
"There are children at this table, have some respect."
"You're lucky Blu is asleep, she would have had something to say about that kiss y'all just shared," Hera said, and everyone joined her in the laughter. Blu was Hera and Peter's first daughter. And just like her mother, the girl was an adorable daredevil and chatterbox. She was just a year younger than Tehilah and together, the both of them were unstoppable.
"You don't want to corrupt young Joash's mind now, do you?" Emily added, whole winking at her best friend.
Madeline cleared her throat and sat straight.
"We do not need his teacher telling us that he tried to make passes at a girl in school while trying to imitate what you two were just doing above his head," she spoke with her firm tone, and Edward chuckled.
Planning your weekend reading? Ensure you're on 05s.org for uninterrupted enjoyment. The next chapter is just a click away, exclusively available on our site. Happy reading!
"I'm hungry!" Tehilah screamed, from where she sat on Edward's lap. Arthur chuckled at how adorable his niece was.
"You heard the girl, let's eat!"
The chattering stopped and each dug into their meals.
As they ate, Roxanne couldn't help but look around with a smile on her face. She had been right, Lancelot and everything they now shared had been worth fighting for. And together, they would continue to fight for everything and everyone that they loved.
Together.
She placed a hand on his thigh, he turned to her and smiled.
Forever.
The End.
