###Chapter 1
"Lemira, are you going to admit your mistake or not?"
Lemira Langston's mouth and nose were submerged, a burning sensation in her throat as she choked on water.
Gasping for air as if clawing back from the brink of death, she opened her eyes to see her second elder brother, Lucian Langston, on the poolside, and the fourth elder brother, Caspian Langston, holding Evelina Sterling in his arms. A flash of astonishment crossed her eyes. This scene felt eerily familiar.
Hadn't she died? Could it be she had been reborn three years earlier, on the day Evelina was officially adopted by the Langstons?
At the party, Evelina had set her up, making everyone believe Lemira had intentionally pushed Evelina into the water.
Caspian was the first to reach them, but he only saved Evelina, leaving Lemira, who also couldn't swim, struggling in the water.
Lucian even demanded whether she admitted her mistake or not, implying he wouldn't save her if she didn't.
Desperately struggling in the water, Lemira admitted her mistake, begging her brothers to save her. Only when she was at death's door did they pull her out.
Since then, she dared not provoke Evelina, tiptoeing around, trying to please her brothers. But what did she get in return?
Evelina stole her thesis, and Lucian testified for Evelina, making her the plagiarist who got expelled.
When Evelina needed a kidney transplant due to her frail health, her third elder brother, Rowan Langston, personally took her to the surgery room.
Evelina needed to boost her resume with international competition results, and Caspian, her fifth elder brother Evander Langston, and the sixth elder brother Alaric Langston didn't hesitate to kick Lemira out of the team.
When Lemira found evidence of Evelina's plagiarism and forged medical records, she brought them to her eldest brother Asher Langston, hoping to expose Evelina's true face.
But she only faced anger, no one believed her words, they didn't even look at the evidence closely. Asher kicked her out of the house to reflect on her actions.
She ended up homeless, penniless, enduring hardship on the streets.
As the memories flooded back, Lemira stopped struggling, letting herself sink to the bottom of the pool.
Her eyes wide open, expressionless, as if she were dead. She watched her brothers surround Evelina on the shore, heartache piercing through her even on a second glance. How laughable. She, the blood sister, was less valued than an outsider.
Lucian, who had been focused on Evelina, turned towards the pool only when the sound of Lemira's struggle ceased-Lemira had sunk to the bottom.
At the sight of this, Lucian's face turned pale, "Lemmy!" With a splash, Lucian dove in without a second thought.
A gleam flashed in Evelina's eyes the moment she saw Lemira sinking, thinking it would be better if she died.
Feigning weakness, she clutched at Caspian's sleeve, weakly saying, "Caspian, I should save Lemmy too, it's because of me that she fell in."
Caspian, already worried, quickly comforted Evelina upon hearing her words, "Don't be silly, Lucian's got it. Lemira brought this on herself; she won't die!"
Caspian turned his gaze back to the pool, his eyes filled with complexity.
In the water, Lemira saw Lucian swimming towards her, his concern seemingly genuine despite having forced her to admit her wrongdoing and watching her struggle with indifference before.
This time, she didn't care for him to save her. A mocking glint appeared in Lemira's eyes as she turned and swam to the surface.
In her past life, after the drowning incident, Lucian had forced her to learn swimming with Evelina.
Haunted by the trauma, yet eager to please Lucian, she overcame her fear, only for Lucian to praise Evelina for her bravery in facing her fears, ignoring the severe aftereffects Lemira suffered from being deliberately left in the water. But no one cared about her condition; Lucian only had eyes for Evelina.
"Lemira, what are you playing at? Do you think pretending to drown will erase your mistake?" Lucian blocked her path, sensing something different about Lemira. When had she learned to swim?
Lemira looked up at Lucian, who she once adored the most. Because Asher was so strict, only Lucian showed her some warmth. But now, Lucian's eyes only held disgust and impatience.
Evelina's frail voice reached them, "Lucian, don't blame Lemmy for this. I know she's always disliked me being a Langston. It was greedy of me to wish for a family. Please don't fight over me, you all mean a lot to me."
Caspian raised his head and glared at Lemira, "Are you happy now? If it weren't for her father dying to save you, she wouldn't be an orphan. He should never have saved an ungrateful wretch like you! It would've been better to let you die!"
###Chapter 2
Lucian frowned, "Lemmy, we should treat Eve like she's one of us. That's what the Langstons owe her, and more importantly, what you owe her. Got it?" "Lucian, for someone as ungrateful as her, if she had any sense, she wouldn't have pushed Eve into the pool. Mr. Sylas would do better saving a dog than her!" Lemira felt like she was stranded in a desert, chilled to the bone. If possible, she wished she hadn't been rescued.
Bearing the searing pain in her lungs, she spoke with a hoarse voice, "It's indeed my fault. It won't happen again."
She wouldn't make such a foolish mistake again. If they preferred Evelina as a sister, she would step aside.
"Did you really do it on purpose? Don't you know Eve can't swim? That could have killed her!"
Lucian was disappointed, thinking it was just an accident, not expecting Lemira to have intentionally put Evelina in harm's way. When had Lemira become so malicious?
At that moment, the family doctor rushed over, and Caspian turned to angrily rebuke Lemira, "You better pray nothing's wrong with Eve, or you'll suffer when Asher gets back." Lucian took a few steps, and then turned back to see Lemira soaked and pale, feeling a bit of pity. He said, "You should go change your clothes. The party is about to start." Lemira didn't respond, soon left all alone.
She waited till they were gone, and then bent over, coughing violently. Swallowing the blood in her throat, she steadied herself and headed back to her room.
Lying in the bathtub, she closed her eyes, recalling how in her past life, after being abandoned on the streets and hatred taken up her mind, she attempted to kill Evelina. But she failed. Asher had her committed to an asylum, where she was tortured to death by a caregiver arranged by Evelina.
Covering her face, she laughed, her voice chilling, thinking, "Well, isn't that just great."
When Lemira opened her eyes again, her gaze was ice cold. After changing, Lemira looked around the room, still feeling strange.
In her past life, this bedroom had eventually been given to Evelina, and she was moved to Evelina's smaller room.
Lemira saw a family photo on the table, a young couple holding a baby with six little boys standing beside them.
Unfortunately, not long after her birth, her parents died in a car accident. The driver saved her first, but when he went back to save her parents, the fuel tank exploded, killing him as well. Evelina was the driver's only daughter, frail from a young age.
After the accident, Asher brought Evelina to the Langston family, raising her alongside Lemira.
Since Evelina's arrival, everything changed. Her beloved brothers, all sided with Evelina.
"Evelina's frail, I've hired a chef to prepare meals suitable for her. Lemmy, make sure Eve eats properly."
"Lemira, Eve wants to learn painting too, and since you're almost done, give your teacher to her."
"Lemira, drop out of the competition this time. Let the runner-up Eve represent the school; she's prepared for a long time." "Lemira, Eve's grades are low, apply to the same college as her, it'll be good to have someone to look out for each other." Lemira covered her head with her hands, her heart aching perpetually.
Breathing shallowly, she managed to swallow the pain. She wanted nothing to do with the Langstons in this lifetime!
She put away the photo, bowed her head, and began packing.
Soon, a servant knocked, "Ms. Langston, the party has started. Mr. Lucian Langston asks if you could come down dressed." "Got it."
Lemira opened the door, heading straight to the lively venue outside.
The servant's eyes widened, muttering, "What is Ms. Langston wearing? Has she gone mad from the shock?"
At the party outside.
Evelina was in a white evening gown, her hair cascading over her shoulders, the picture of an innocent and kind girl-next-door.
Lucian and Caspian stood beside her, looking at Evelina with tender indulgence. The scene was heartwarming.
Lucian couldn't help but think of Lemira, wishing she could be as sweet and sensible as Evelina. Over the years, Lemira's temper had become increasingly wild. "Lemira's here!"
###Chapter 3
As Lemira appeared at the scene, all eyes turned towards her. With a stoic expression on her face, she stood unfazed by the attention.
Dressed in a simple T-shirt, her attire was overshadowed by the lavish accessories she adorned. A delicate golden tiara rested on her head, a necklace of emeralds hung around her neck, her wrists were adorned with jade and gold bracelets, and her fingers bore a large
pink diamond ring.-
Laughter soon filled the room.
"Man, Lemira's so tacky, flaunting all those accessories like a nouveau riche."
"I bet Lemira's just showing off those expensive pieces on purpose, trying to make Evelina feel bad."
Lemira, unfazed, walked up to Evelina and said calmly, "Congratulations on finally becoming a Langston today."
In her previous life, Evelina's joining had marked the beginning of a nightmare for her.
No matter how much she tried to please or behave obediently, her brothers all favored Evelina, with Lucian even declaring he wished Evelina was their biological sister.
This time, Lemira vowed not to cling to such meaningless familial bonds.
Jealousy brewed in Evelina's heart as she saw the valuables on Lemira, though she managed to mask it with a composed expression.
Evelina shrank back a little, and then replied carefully, "Lemmy, I know you're upset, but don't worry, I won't compete with you for our brothers' affection. After all, I'll always be an outsider, and you're their real sister. How could I ever compare to you?"
As Evelina spoke, her eyes reddened. Lemira's lips curled into a sneer, thinking, "What a delicate wrench playing the innocent victim."
In her last life, Lemira was fooled by Evelina's harmless facade until the bitter end when she finally saw the woman's true colors. Caspian, witnessing this, quickly interjected, "Eve, don't cry. Who said you're an outsider? From today on, you're my true sister." Evelina lowered her eyelids, hiding the flash of triumph.
Lucian presented a box, "Eve, this is a gift for you."
Evelina feigned surprise, "Lucian, isn't this supposed to be Lemmy's gift? I couldn't possibly accept it!"
Lemira wasn't surprised to see the limited edition collectible inside the box.
In her past life, Lucian had "kindly" made a decision for her to give Evelina the collectible she had long awaited as an apology.
Lucian insisted, "Just take it. It's what she owes you."
Caspian, discontent, remarked, "Lemira, even though Eve isn't holding a grudge about you pushing her into the pool earlier, and Lucian has given her a gift on your behalf, where's your gesture of apology?" Lemira nodded, "I know, so I brought the gifts." She removed all her jewelry and laid each piece on a tray.
"This is the antique tiara from Asher."
"This is the emerald pendant from Lucian."
"This is the century-old ginseng from Rowan."
"This is the rare pink diamond ring from Caspian."
"This is the jade bracelet from Evander."
"This is the gold trophy from Alaric."
Placing them on the tray one by one, Lemira added, "These are all very important to me and as an apology, I believe they show my sincerity."
She had prepared these in anticipation of Caspian's questioning.
Ever since Evelina became part of the Langston family, her brothers hadn't given her any substantial gifts, just these valuables.
After all, she knew these items would eventually be reclaimed by her brothers under various pretexts to give to Evelina.
Caspian's face froze upon seeing the items on the tray. These were Lemira's most cherished possessions! How could she?
Lucian, with pressed lips, asked, "What are you implying?"
"Lucian, I've said these are all part of my apology. Caspian, do you think it's enough?" Lemira's demeanor utterly indifferent, her emotions unfazed.
Evelina, surprised by the items, wondered what Lemira was planning. Was this a strategic concession?
Evelina quickly spoke, "Lemmy, these gifts were given to you by our brothers; they're too precious, I can't accept them."
Caspian, furious, declared, "Exactly, these were gifts for you; how could you give them away?"
Evelina's smile faltered slightly, and she bit her lip, "Right, Lemmy, I'm just an outsider, how could I deserve such gifts?"
Realizing his mistake, Caspian hurriedly explained, "Eve, that's not what I meant. I'll choose another gift for you. How could I let you accept a gift that's already been given to someone else?" Evelina's smile returned, "Thank you, Caspian."
Caspian's heart melted, thinking, "This is the demeanor of a sweet sister."
###Chapter 4
Lucian felt a mix of frustration and disbelief, "Lemmy, what's with the tantrum now?"
He knew how much Lemira cherished those gifts, not allowing anyone to even touch them. It baffled him that she would just give them all away to Evelina as an apology!- Was she trying to sever ties with them? Or was it because he had taken one of her collectible figures without asking, to apologize to Evelina, and now she was acting out? Lucian was convinced Lemira didn't genuinely want to part with those items.
"Lucian, she's just trying to express her dissatisfaction, do you really think we can't see through it? Lemmy, when will you start showing some maturity like Eve?"
Lemira's face remained expressionless, "These gifts are worth millions, as a gesture of apology, I wonder if it's enough? Caspian, you're not going to miss them, are you?" Caspian choked on her response, bewildered by the comparison. In front of Evelina, he stuttered, "Do I look like someone that stingy?"
"Let's all bear witness then, these gifts shall serve as compensation."
Lucian was visibly annoyed, "Lemmy, stop this nonsense."
How could she give away such important gifts to someone else? Even if she was upset with Caspian, it wasn't right to pass on the gifts they had given her too!
"Lucian, do I look like I'm making a scene?" Lemira pushed the tray into Evelina's hands, "These are all yours now."
Including ditching the six Langston brothers, she wanted nothing to do with them.
Evelina looked awkward, sensing that Lucian and Caspian seemed displeased. Holding the tray, she felt strained; she hadn't expected Lemira to use these as an apology, catching her off guard.
If she didn't handle this situation well, it would definitely upset the Langston brothers. She was confused why Lemira had suddenly become a tough nut to crack.
Without waiting for Evelina to respond, Lemira turned and left.
"Lemira, stop right there!" Caspian was livid, thinking using his gifts as an apology was ridiculous.
But Lemira walked away without looking back.
Lucian frowned, "Lemmy's behavior is getting out of hand!"
He was upset; the jade pendant he had given was bought with his first big paycheck, holding a different significance.
Caspian felt utterly frustrated, "I feel the same, she's deliberately provoking us."
Listening to their conversation, Evelina bit her lip.
Indeed, Lemira's strategy of retreating to advance had worked; she couldn't let that woman succeed.
Holding the tray, Evelina weakly said, "Lucian, Caspian, did I mess up again? How could I possibly accept Lemmy's most treasured possessions? What should I do?" Damn Lemira for setting this trap!
Caspian, with a stern face, said, "Since it's her way of apologizing, you keep them! I bet she'll regret it in three days."
Hmph, he was looking forward to Lemira's regretful face, ready to mock her thoroughly then.
Lucian, with a softer tone, suggested, "How about this, Eve, you keep them for Lemmy until she cools down."
Lemira had thrown tantrums before but always came around in the end. He didn't believe Lemira truly wanted to give these gifts away.
"Alright, I'll take good care of it," Evelina showed a meek and obedient smile.
Lucian sighed, remembering Lemira used to be just as docile and obedient, hoping she would come to her senses soon.
Seeing Evelina behaving so well, he showed a relieved smile, thankful Eve wasn't acting out like Lemira was.
Back in her room, Lemira lay down, feeling a bit dizzy, probably catching a cold from getting wet earlier.
She closed her eyes as soon as she lay down. She needed to figure out how to leave the Langstons and start earning her own living!
In her past life, her grades could have gotten her into a top university, but at Caspian's behest, she ended up attending Evelina's second-tier college.
Serving almost like Evelina's maid at school, Lemira would take the blame for any of Evelina's mistakes.
Being disobedient meant getting her credit cards frozen. Despite being the wealthy Ms. Langston, she lived worse than a student on financial aid. Eventually, Evelina stole her hard-earned thesis, leading to accusations of plagiarism, and Lemira was expelled from school.
This time, she was determined not to repeat her mistakes. She would aim for a prestigious university!
As for tuition and living expenses, she could participate in gaming competitions for prize money. With her skills from her past life, she should be able to make a living off gaming. After the party, Lucian approached her room on the second floor.
He hesitated before knocking, but there was no response from inside. The door was locked.
"Lucian, Eve seems to have a fever, come quick and check on her."
###Chapter 5
Lucian paused, retracting his hand.
He hastened downstairs to find Evelina with cheeks flushed a deep shade of crimson, clearly feverish. "I'll get the car, we're heading to the hospital now," he declared with Caspian joining in to send Evelina to the hospital.
Upstairs in the bedroom, Lemira lay sprawled across her bed, her face mirroring Evelina's feverish tint, as sweat drenched her forehead. The night had been restless, filled with uneasy dreams that left her feeling lighter than air and deeply unsettled.
Came morning; the incessant buzzing of her phone with message alerts finally roused her from sleep. Irritated, she reached for her device, only to be greeted by a barrage of hateful messages. The source? A video of her pushing Evelina into the pool had gone viral on the school's social media platform.
Evelina, beloved by many at school, had her legion of fans now unleashing their fury on Lemira. The headache that ensued felt nearly explosive. In response, Lemira dove into the fray, her replies sharp and filled with the kind of venom that would make sailors blush. The forum was ablaze, its moderators in a panic over the sudden spike in traffic.
After sending those messages, Lemira tossed her phone aside and tried to find solace in sleep once more. After all, with her ties to the Langstons now cut, public opinion mattered little to her. She didn't want to suffer from the unfair treatment any longer. The sharp rap of the maid's knock soon followed, "Miss Langston, it's time for school, you'll be late."
The realization hit her; school was still a commitment she had to honor.
Splashing her face with cold water to ward off the remnants of sleep, Lemira reminded herself of the goal ahead: to sever ties with the Langston family, she needed to finish the course and earn her place at a university.
Dressed in her uniform and with her backpack in tow, she descended the stairs just as Lucian and Caspian stepped inside. Lucian, noticing her flushed cheeks, instinctively reached out to check her temperature, only for Lemira to step back to avoid his touch and head straight to the dining room.
She needed a full breakfast to get through this, thinking of the academic marathon that lay ahead.
Lucian's hand hovered awkwardly in the air before he withdrew it, while Caspian scoffed, "Ungrateful wrench, she's tough as nails. Not like our Eve, frail since childhood. Lemira? Sick? Never."
Lucian didn't react, quietly approving Caspian's words about Lemira's health condition. He approached the dining table, "Evelina's ill. You're to look after her at school until she recovers. Understood?"
He believed Lemira had gone wild gradually and determined not to coddle her like before. Since she didn't understand how to be grateful, he'd teach her the way.
Caspian added his own piece, "You owe Evelina's father a life debt, and you almost killed her. It's time you start making atonement by taking good care of her."
Lemira was focused on having breakfast; though without appetite, she forced herself to eat. There were still less than 100 days to have the university entrance exam, and after that, she could leave the Langstons.
Caspian, dissatisfied with her silence, snatched away her utensils, demanding attention. "I'm talking to you, can't you listen?"
Lemira looked up without replying, her gaze steady.
Caspian demanded, "Get Eve warm water when she needs take medicine. Fetch her lunch from the canteen and run to her room in case the food gets cold. Go to the toilet with her when she has the need! Her dad saved your life, it's what you should do. Am I clear?" Lemira replied coldly, "Loud and clear," though her commitment to his orders was anything but guaranteed.
As she stepped out of the mansion, she forced back the tears by looking up the sky. Another life, another chance.
she had thought reborn would spare her the heartache, yet Caspian's words stung sharply, a reminder of the times when her illnesses were met with Lucian's entire-night company and Caspian's making jokes for the purpose of coaxing her into taking the medicine, a contrast to now, where Evelina's frailty garnered all attention.
Later when she had a fever, she had to deal with it herself. Lemira swallowed the bitterness and got in the car, closing her eyes for some rest, secretly comforting herself that there were merely less than 100 days left.
Arriving at school, she directly went to the room for Senior Grade 3 students; as she entered, the once lively chatter of her classmates hushed. Her cussing "exploits" on the school's forum had become the talk of the town.
###Chapter 6
Everyone was whispering about Lemira's sudden change in behavior.
"Did something happen to Lemira? She's completely given up on herself."
"More like she's stopped pretending. This is probably the real Lemira."
Lemira, overhearing the murmurs, didn't seem to care. Dropping her backpack by her desk, she laid her head down and drifted off to sleep.
She slept through the entire morning. At noon, Evelina walked into the classroom, her arm hooked up to an IV drip. Her appearance instantly garnered the sympathy and concern of their classmates.
Lemira just frowned and shifted to a more comfortable position to continue her nap. But soon, someone b*** on her desk. Annoyed, Lemira looked up, her eyes fierce.
Standing before her was Evelina, flanked by her ever-present sidekicks, looking impatient.
Lemira narrowed her eyes. Those two were always stirring up trouble for Lemira, spreading rumors and even lying to her brothers about her.
Evelina spoke softly, "Lemmy, what do you want for lunch? I can get it for you. Please, don't be mad at me, okay?"
Lemira replied coldly, "I don't need your help."
One of Evelina's sidekicks snapped, "Lemira, don't be so ungrateful. Eve is sick now."
"Exactly, you should be the one taking care of her at school, she's sick because of you."
Evelina coughed weakly, "Stop it, you two. I can take care of myself. I've always been alone. Let's not make her angry."
"Eve, you're too kind. That's why people walk all over you."
Fed up, Lemira stood to leave the classroom, but as she did, Evelina hurried after her, knocked over the IV stand, and she happened to fall over the broken glass. What a coincidence!
The commotion caused Lemira a headache. Before she could react, darkness enveloped her, and she fainted.
When Lemira woke up, she was greeted by the sharp scent of antiseptic. Was this the school's infirmary?
"Your temperature is 102°F. Were you trying to roast yourself?"
Lemira noticed there was a man in doctor's overall, tall and thin, wearing a mask, his eyes utterly indifferent.
She recalled that he was the new school doctor, attracting a lot of girl's attention. Looked like he also had a sharp tongue. He hadn't been in the school long.
Lemira sat up, feeling much better and thinking the IV drip must have taken effects.
"Can I go now?" Lemira lowed her eyes.
"Wait for a guardian. I don't want to be responsible if you collapse on your way home," seated on a chair, Orion Everhart replied casually. He had indeed a sharp tongue. Lemira uttered, her voice hoarse, "I don't have anyone."
Just then, Caspian's voice echoed with concern, "Eve, are you okay? How did you get hurt so badly?"
"Caspian, it was just a small accident. Don't blame Lemmy. She didn't mean it. It was my own clumsiness to lead the IV stand falling."
But one of Evelina's sidekicks quickly twisted the story, "That's not true! Evelina was just trying to help her get lunch, and Lemira, out of spite, caused her to fall."
Fury ignited within Caspian as he demanded loudly, anger evident in his voice, "Where is Lemira? Come out here now! How could she let Eve worry about her like this? She should have been the one gone in that accident, not making Eve's life miserable." Lemira's smile was laced with scorn as she heard it; a familiar scenario unfolding just like the past life, whatever Evelina said was right.
Suddenly, the curtain beside Lemira's bed was yanked open, revealing Lemira's pale face and lips, a sickly figure, as she looked up. "Lemira..." Caspian stopped as he spotted Lemira's state.
###Chapter 7
Lemira lowered her head, covering her mouth as she coughed violently, her slender back hunched over.
Caspian spoke harshly, "Don't think for a second that playing sick will spare you from a lesson. I asked you to look after Eve at school, to fetch her water, and get her lunch. But what did you do? You had her, sick as she was, fetch your lunch! And to add insult to injury, you tripped her. Have you no conscience?"
Lemira, struggling to hold back her cough, replied, "I didn't push her."
"Oh, so you're saying Eve just fell on her own? You expect me to believe such a lame excuse? Are you admitting you did it on purpose?"
Tears welled up in Lemira's eyes as she straightened her back, "I don't admit to that."
With a sharp slap, a hand struck her face, and she was instantly stinging with pain. But the physical pain paled in comparison to the hurt she felt inside; she almost got numb of it. Lucian strode in, grabbing the furious Caspian, "Caspian, what are you doing?"
"Lucian, she's committed such a vile act and won't even admit to it. I don't have such a malicious, impenitent sister!"
Evelina stood at the doorway, her hands wrapped in bandages, looking pitiful. With teary eyes, she said, "Caspian, I already said it was my fault. It has nothing to do with Lemmy." "Eve, you're just too kind. I have to discipline Lemira today, or she'll never learn!"
As Caspian moved to strike again, Orion suddenly pushed back his chair, its screeching sound filling the room.
Lemira looked over. Orion, expressionless, leaning against the table, his gaze icy, "You're her family?" Lucian nodded, "Yes, we're her brothers."
"She has a high fever, possibly an infection, and needs further examination. And she's showing signs of malnutrition!"
Caspian was taken aback, "She's actually sick?" He had thought Lemira was faking illness to escape blame.
Orion's voice was calm, "Maybe you should get your eyes checked if you couldn't see that obvious thing."
The girl was pale, clearly ill. It was evident.
Caspian was momentarily speechless, "What do you mean?"
Orion, frowning, said coldly, "Exactly what I said. She might be your adopted stepsister, but if you've taken her in, you should take responsibility."
Lemira's eyes flashed with scorn as she heard the term "stepsister".
Lucian quickly clarified, "She's our biological sister, not adopted."
Orion raised an eyebrow, "Hard to tell. If you hadn't said you were her family, I'd be calling the police for child abuse!"
At the sight of Lemira's swollen face, Caspian's tone was still stiff, "None of your business. I'm disciplining her!"
Lucian was at a loss for words. He had assumed Lemira was healthy, not as fragile as Evelina, who fell ill from a simple cold.
Caspian, with disdain, looked at Orion, "You have no idea. Lemira always plays sick to avoid responsibility. This time, she even caused Eve to get hurt. Eve's father died trying to save her. Sometimes, I really want to see if her heart is black!" Lemira felt a burning pain in her throat. She wanted to defend herself, but ultimately remained silent. It's pointless. They wouldn't believe her anyway.
Evelina bit her lip, "It's all my fault. I'm clumsy and shouldn't have tried to act tough by getting Lemmy's lunch."
"It's indeed your fault," Orion said coldly. "If you were sick, you shouldn't have gone to class. Knowing you were ill and still causing trouble for others isn't right. Stop playing the victim just because you're unwell."
###Chapter 8
Lemira's eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at the sharp-tongue school doctor in front of her.
Was he actually speaking up for her? Did he believe her?
Tears welled up in Lemira's eyes. Even a stranger understood what her brothers couldn't grasp. Or maybe they did understand but chose to favor Evelina over her, refusing to see the truth.
Evelina's face froze, her teeth clenched in frustration. What did the doctor mean? Didn't he hear she intended to fetch lunch for Lemira though she was sick? Why wasn't he moved by her seemingly kind act, instead choosing to defend Lemira? No way. Her tactic always worked before. Evelina couldn't utter a word, her head drooping in feigned sorrow.
Caspian stepped forward to defend Evelina, "Eve came to class despite being sick because exams are less than 100 days away. She didn't want to fall behind. She's just trying to mend fences with Lemira, but someone just don't appreciate it." Lemira found it all very ironic. This morning, Caspian had reminded her to take good care of Evelina, to wait on her hand and foot. And doing all that didn't interfere with her studies?
So, he was aware that exams were just around the corner. It was just that her exams were not as important as Evelina's.
Lucian intervened, "Caspian, take Eve home to rest."
"Lucian!"
"Are you not listening to me now?"
Caspian fell silent and left with Evelina.
The infirmary quieted down.
Lucian frowned, "Lemmy, if you don't wanna take care of Evelina, fine. But don't ever do something like this again."
Lemira kept her head down, her throat tight, not wanting to say a word. She pulled the blanket over her head. She didn't want to see them anymore.
"Lemira, if you keep this up, I can't protect you anymore," Lucian's patience was wearing thin.
He pulled the blanket away, "Come home with me. We need to talk."
He needed to talk about it with Lemira today. Evelina couldn't keep getting hurt like this.
Orion held back Lucian, his gaze icy, "She can't leave until she's finished her drip. Family members, please wait outside!"
Orion's imposing stance left no room for argument.
Lemira looked up, stunned by his commanding presence as he stood in front of her brother. She noticed a stark, ugly scar on his wrist, similar to one she had on her leg from a childhood car accident. Had he also been in a car accident?
Lucian, unyielding, retorted, "I'm her brother. I'm taking her home. We have doctors there."
"So why did you let her fever go untreated for so long since there are doctors?" Lucian, seeing Lemira's pale face, felt a twinge of guilt but defended, "She didn't tell us she was sick."
He had even tried to check her temperature that morning, but she had dodged his hand. Was that his fault? Perhaps Lemira was deliberately neglecting her health to avoid responsibility.
Orion's tone was stern, "Sir, if you attempt to take her by force, I will call the police and report you for child abuse. According to the law, if a child is a victim of domestic violence, they can request a restraining order." "I'm her brother, her legal guardian!"
"But just now, I witnessed you hit her, committing violence, with surveillance cameras as evidence. I believe the officers will make a fair judgment."
Orion remained calm yet unyielding, "She doesn't want to go with you. You have no right to force her."
Lemira's heart fluttered, her gaze sneakily admiring the man who stood protectively in front of her.
###Chapter 9
The room was a haven of silence.
Lemira opened her mouth as if to speak, but then, words failed her. At times like these, language seemed utterly inadequate.
After all, she had tried to explain herself countless times before, only to be met with disbelief from her brothers.
Lucian's Adam's apple bobbed slightly before he finally let go of her hand. His eyes filled with disappointment as he looked at Lemira, "If you keep going down this path, I can't protect you when Asher gets back. Think about what you're doing." With those words, Lucian left the room.
Lemira let out a sigh of relief, leaning back against her pillow.
What was there to think about? Bent over backward trying to please them, only to be kicked out and end up dying miserably in a mental institution like in her previous life?
Not a chance.
"Here, catch!"
Suddenly, there was a cold pack wrapped in a bandage before her.
Lemira took it, pressing the cold pack against her bruised cheek, stealing a glance at the man beside her. In a low voice, she said, "Thanks for earlier."
His voice was cool and distant, "Why didn't you explain yourself?"
Lemira lowered her head, a bitter smile on her lips, "Would you believe me if I told you I've tried explaining so many times before, even showed them proof, and they still didn't believe me? They just thought I was lying." A brief silence fell over the room.
Lemira didn't feel like explaining any further; most people didn't believe her anyway, just thought she was disobedient.
"It's hard not to believe you."
Lemira was caught off guard. Did he really believe her?
Orion stepped closer, placing his hand on her forehead, "Your fever's gone down."
Lemira was stunned; his touch was cool and soothing, making her feel much better. She glanced at the scar on his wrist, "Is that from an accident too, the scar on your wrist?"
Orion's hand froze for a moment before he quickly withdrew it. He began to remove the empty IV bag, taking a while before answering, "Yeah, an accident."
He leaned against the table, his back to Lemira. His profile was shadowed, making it hard to read his expression.
"I have one too, on my leg."
Lemira lifted her skirt a bit to show him, "Right here, see? Looks a lot like your scar, doesn't it?"
The scar on her thigh stood out against her fair skin, which made even more conspicuous by how high she'd lifted her skirt.
He glanced at it, and then quickly looked away, "Kid, don't just lift your skirt in front of men."
"But you're a doctor."
Orion cleared his throat, reminding himself he was also a man. Hadn't anyone taught her these things?
He then said, "That scar could be treated. Why haven't you fixed it?"
Lemira's expression dimmed, a wave of pain washing over her. Because Rowan had said that scar was a reminder of their parents, and he'd take care of it when he had the time. She had believed him.
But then, Rowan had looked at her scar with disgust, saying he hated it and would never treat it, blaming her for their parents' death. That scar was her stigma for causing their deaths, he said, and she should remember that for life. At the time, she was devastated, even believing she was responsible, which made her even more subservient to her brothers.
Remembering the past made it hard for Lemira to breathe. But she couldn't bring herself to say this out loud, instead asking, "What about you? Why haven't you treated yours?"
"I'm a man; it doesn't matter. But a young lady like you should get it treated."
Lemira forced a small smile, "Maybe later."
Orion, seeing her looking down, didn't press further. He sat down beside her, turning on the TV.
Lemira noticed the screen showed a live gaming competition, and Alaric was actually participating in the match at that moment.
Alaric had missed Evelina's party just for this competition. But in the end, he lost to the young son from the Everhart family of Nyric.
Lemira remembered how, in her past life, Alaric had been ridiculed by his opponent after the loss, driving him to rebuild the family gaming team furiously.
Lucian, Caspian, Evander, Alaric, and herself - despite failing in the preliminaries, they had a shot at redemption in the wild card round.
Through the wild card, they fought their way up, facing the same opponent from the Everhart family once again in the nationals.
###Chapter 10
Back then, she'd spend hours every day training in the game, studying the tactics of the Everhart family team members, aiming to outplay them in the upcoming match.
Evelina wasn't naturally gifted at gaming, so she could only serve as a substitute, never making it to the main roster for matches.
Lemira cherished the feeling of battling alongside her brothers in the game, with no outsiders to disrupt their family bond.
She had become so absorbed in preparing for the match that she even neglected her exam prep. But just when they had won a crucial match, making victory within reach, her brothers paused the game. She was benched to let Evelina play.
And in the end, they won the tournament, crowned as the national champions. Her brothers, along with Evelina, stood on the winner's podium, stepping on her efforts to claim the glory. Evelina, holding her trophy, was in the middle of her brothers, smiling blissfully. Lemira watched the game on TV, feeling as if her heart had been pierced, impossible to mend.
"Why are you crying? It's not like this is a soap opera. What's got you so moved?"
Snapping back to reality, Lemira wiped away her tears, memories of her past life overwhelming her emotions.
She was handed a piece of paper by a man with slender, attractive fingers. Taking the paper, she looked up at him, slightly embarrassed, "Do you play this game?"
"Your main focus right now should be on preparing for your exams, not gaming!" Orion sat back in his chair, lazily leaning back, not looking at her but focused on the game.
Lemira turned her attention back to the game, stating confidently, "SkyBlaze is going to lose."
SkyBlaze was the team Alaric was on.
Orion's lips curled into a slight smile, his tone casual, "Seems like you've got a good eye."
As expected, SkyBlaze lost without much suspense.
Seeing Alaric's furious reaction on the live stream, including smashing his keyboard - Alaric was known for his temper, brought an unexpected sense of satisfaction to Lemira.
Happy to see Alaric lose, she resolved that she wouldn't play for the Langstons anymore. She was determined to fight for herself, become a professional player, earn money for college, and support herself.
Tired of having her allowance cut off as a threat to keep her in line, even being forced to give up on a top university for Evelina, she craved financial independence to break free from the Langstons' control.
E-sports wasn't seen as a lucrative career now, but with the rise of live streaming, professional gamers could also make money through streaming.
With her past life's gaming experience, this was the easiest and most effortless way to earn money for her. Lemira made up her mind secretly.
After the live stream ended, Orion turned to cast her a glance, walked over to her, and removed the IV needle.
He pressed a cotton swab on Lemira's hand, "The medicine's on the table. You can go after you take it."
"Thanks!" Lemira took the medicine and left the infirmary.
Just as she left, a young man walked in, nonchalantly saying, "Orion, it's rare to see you playing the hero. But this girl's got a bit of a reputation at school. She's quite the topic on the forum. Just don't get fooled." Orion, appearing less distant and more relaxed, nonchalantly responded, "Why haven't you left yet?"
"I'm just curious. Why did you choose to become a school doctor here, even missing Matt's game? He was so distracted looking for you during the match, nearly got blindsided by that Langston boy. Tell me why, and I'll leave." Orion removed his mask, and rolled up his sleeves, revealing the ugly scar.
Upon seeing it, Thaddeus Draven's expression darkened, "After all these years, you still can't let go? That accident wasn't your fault! Wait, don't tell me this girl is..."
"Shut up!" Orion closed his eyes to rest, ignoring the person beside him.
###Chapter 11
Lemira took a cab back to the Langston mansion.
As she stepped into the foyer, she could hear Evelina's laughter, sounding blissful and carefree. However, the moment she appeared, the atmosphere shifted to a tense silence. Lemira, with a poker face, walked past the foyer, intending to head straight to her room.
Caspian's voice boomed, "Lemira, stop right there! Coming home and not even greeting your elders, is this your attitude now? So just because the school doctor has your back and even threatened to call the cops, you think you've got it all covered? Without the Langstons, you're nothing!"
Caspian grew angrier as he spoke, eventually standing up, "You think we favor Evelina, but you don't see how terribly you've treated her! Her dad saved your life, we're just paying your dues for you!"
Lemira felt utterly drained. She paused, looking towards the couch, "Lucian, Caspian, I'm home," thinking that should suffice.
Lucian spoke up, "Dinner's ready."
"You all go ahead, I'm not hungry," after saying that, Lemira turned and went upstairs.
"Lucian, look at her attitude, she's becoming more and more unruly!"
Evelina chimed in, "Caspian, don't be mad, it's all my fault. Maybe if I leave the Langston family, Lemmy won't be so upset anymore."
"Don't talk nonsense, if anyone should leave, it's Lemira. Why should you go?"
These words followed Lemira as she quickened her pace back to her room, immediately locking the door behind her.
She leaned against the door, taking a moment to breathe, her eyes slightly moist. She looked up at the ceiling, pushing the tears back. This time, she wouldn't cling to any false sense of sibling affection. The next day, Lemira went to school as usual. Evelina shared a ride with her.
Evelina glanced at her cautiously, "Lemmy, are you still mad at me?"
"Evelina, always playing the victim, doesn't it tire you?" Lemira leaned against the window, closing her eyes to sleep, ignoring Evelina.
Evelina's expression darkened, but with the driver present, she put on a pitiful look, smiling at the driver.
The driver instantly felt that Ms. Langston was being too harsh, bullying Evelina like that. He decided he'd have a word with Mr. Lucian Langston about this.
After school, Lemira focused on her lessons and notes, aware she had missed a lot. Even with Evelina's sidekicks and their supporters buzzing around, Lemira didn't care.
She had too much to do to waste time on them.
Upon returning home in the evening, Lemira saw Alaric sitting on the couch, clearly in a bad mood.
Evelina ran over, trying to be adorable, "Ari, you're back, I've missed you so much over these days!"
Alaric's mood was initially sour, but it softened after Evelina's cajoling. Lemira glanced at their interaction and headed upstairs.
Alaric looked up, "Lemira, Caspian mentioned you've become increasingly disobedient. I didn't believe it until now. Can't you even say hello to me anymore?"
Lemira sighed, thinking, "Here we go again." Not wanting to waste more time, she turned around and dutifully greeted, "Alaric."
"That's more like it. I'm planning to reassemble the gaming team. Lucian, Caspian, they all agreed. You should join too."
Lemira's grip on her backpack tightened. This was exactly how it happened in the last life.
To make Alaric happy, to gain her brothers' attention, she had agreed without hesitation, and then trained relentlessly, even at the expense of her studies. And what was the outcome? Alaric had said, "Lemira, you've proven yourself. Now, let's give Eve a chance to experience the joy of victory."
"Lemira, I'm the team captain. If I say to change, we change."
In her previous life, she was replaced by Evelina. All her efforts led them to the finals, only to be benched at the last moment so that Evelina could enjoy the glory of a win handed to her. What did her sacrifices amount to?
###Chapter 12
So, she was determined not to make the same mistake twice!
Lemira's gaze was clear and unwavering, "Alaric, I wanna focus on my exams; I can't afford to get distracted by video games."
She had flat-out declined Alaric's suggestion. Or rather, his command. Alaric's words hadn't been a discussion; they were an announcement.
"Lemira, am I hearing this right? You're actually turning down my offer?" Alaric's face fell; he demanded she join the team, and had never anticipated her refusal. After all, Lemira had always been compliant these years, never once defying him. Standing her ground, Lemira retorted, "If it's an invitation, then it's within my right to decline."
She met his gaze squarely, watching his frustration grow, yet it was none of her concern.
Alaric, visibly irritated, warned her, "Think carefully before you answer, Lemira. Don't act out of spite, or you might end up regretting it when you're begging me for another chance!"
He had heard from Caspian about the recent incident where Lemira, in a fit of pique, had given away the gold trophy he had presented to her as an apology to Evelina.
That trophy, from the year he went pro and clinched the championship, held significant value to him. How dare Lemira give it away?
Evelina tugged on Alaric's sleeve carefully, "Ari, don't get mad. Joining your team is like a dream come true for me. Lemmy will come around."
Her words only fanned the flames of Alaric's anger. He felt Lemira was being ungrateful by refusing him.
Alaric glared at Lemira, "This is a one-time offer. Decide now, do you wanna be part of our family team or not?"
Lemira couldn't help but find the situation somewhat amusing. So, Alaric was just a puppet, easily manipulated by Evelina.
Evelina, feigning concern, urged, "Lemmy, just say yes. Don't upset Ari."
Lemira looked at her, "Evelina, since joining the team is your dream, I'll let you have my spot."
With that, she returned to her room, pulled out her textbooks, and started catching up on her studies. Much to her dismay, she found herself out of touch with the material and knew she had to make up for lost time quickly. Then, a servant knocked on the door, "Ms. Langston, dinner is served."
"Just bring it up here."
"But Mr. Lucian Langston and the others are waiting for you in the dining room."
The message was clear; she wasn't to dine alone in her room. Clutching her pen, Lemira realized she was still under the Langstons' thumb and had to play along for now.
She made her way to the dining room, where Lucian, Caspian, Alaric, and Evelina were seated around a long table, a setup typical for the Langstons due to their numbers. Lemira chose a seat at the far end of the table and silently began to eat. The dining room was initially tense, but Evelina's laughter soon lightened the mood.
Alaric, sweeping a glance at Lemira, declared purposefully, "Eve, we'll teach you to play later. With your smarts, you'll learn in no time, and you'll be just as good as someone!" Evelina's eyes sparkled with joy, "Ari, I'll do my best. I won't hold you back!"
Lemira, unfazed by their conversation, thought it was for the best. If Evelina joined and they failed to the playoff, it would be Alaric's last chance.
She continued to eat quietly with head bowed, not bothering to look at those in the jovial chatter or to throw any tantrum as she had done before. It no longer mattered to her. After finishing her meal quietly, she stood up, "I'm done. Enjoy your dinner." She felt it necessary to excuse herself, to avoid any potential lectures.
Lucian looked up, surprised not to see Lemira throwing a tantrum or showing jealousy. She seemed much colder now.
With a hint of compassion, Lucian asked, "Lemon, are you sure you don't want to join us? You have a real talent for gaming. Imagine us, all together, winning the championship!" It was as if he was offering Lemira a way back in.
###Chapter 13
When Lemira heard "us all together," she couldn't help but scoff at the absurdity of the notion. It was a sentiment she had harbored in her previous life as well.
But on the eve of the championship, her spot was replaced by Evelina.
Lemira firmly replied, "I'm not planning on joining the team. I wanna focus on my studies and prepare for exams."
Alaric mocked her, "But you were the one begging me to teach you how to play games, chasing after me to train together at night, and even said you wanted to be an official member. Why didn't you say you preferred to study then?" Lemira felt a pang of hurt. She had pursued gaming with Alaric to build a better relationship with him, to have more in common! But now, it seemed unnecessary.
Lemira answered, "I realized gaming was distracting me from my studies. My grades dropped significantly last semester, so I decided to quit."
Alaric was left speechless, "Fine, just don't regret it! When the competition starts, everyone will only see Evelina as a member of the Langston family." If Lemira was going to be ungrateful, then fine, he didn't care. "That's fine by me."
Lemira didn't want to argue any further and walked away from the dining room.
Back in her room, she adjusted her mood and started doing her homework attentively, revisiting concepts she had forgotten.
The next day after school.
Lemira and Evelina left one after the other to the school gates, where their chauffeur was waiting.
Evelina stood by the car and said, "Oh, I have to head to the training camp today, so the chauffeur will drop me off first. Looks like we can't share a ride."
The chauffeur spoke up with a stern face, "Ms. Langston, I received a call from Mr. Alaric Langston, instructing me to drop Ms. Sterling off first. We can't delay." Lemira nonchalantly replied, "I'll take a cab."
As Evelina got into the car, a hint of excitement showed on her face, "Lemmy, I'll talk to Ari for you."
Lemira turned and walked away, leaving Evelina with a view of her retreating figure. Evelina bit her lip as she watched, thinking, "Lemira, just you wait. One day, I'll take everything from you! You owe me that!" Standing bored on the sidewalk, Lemira suddenly didn't feel like returning to the Langston mansion. Maybe she should look for a study hall near the school.
"Hey, school's out. Why aren't you heading home instead of loitering around here?"
Lemira turned to see a handsome man, stunned for a moment, and after meeting that pair of eyes, recognized him.
It was the school doctor with a sharp tongue. He usually wore a mask and a white coat, but now changed to another attire, which almost threw her off. Orion stood before her, "I asked you a question."
"I don't feel like going back right now. I was looking for a place to study."
"Follow me."
Lemira looked at his back; hesitant at first, she followed him anyway.
They ended up at the school's infirmary, and she questioned standing at the door, "Why are we here? I'm not sick."
Orion tapped the desk, "It's quieter and safer here than any study hall."
After thinking it over, Lemira thought it made sense. She put her backpack down, "Thank you for offering the place then." She took out her textbooks and got to work.
Orion glanced at her, his gaze cool, before turning to enter the consulting room, closing the door behind him.
When Lemira realized how late it had gotten, she saw a nameplate on the desk with Orion's picture, revealing his name. "Done snooping?"
Caught in the act, Lemira blushed and put the nameplate back, "I wasn't snooping. Just saw it by accident." "Finished with your homework?"
"Yeah, some questions I couldn't solve. I'll ask the teacher tomorrow."
Orion walked over to her, and took her workbook, "You don't know how to solve these simple questions?"
Lemira felt a bit discouraged, looking down at the textbook, "Yeah, I got sidetracked by other things and didn't concentrate on my studies before."
###Chapter 14
"Listen up, I'll only say this once."
Orion grabbed the pen, scribbling on a piece of scrap paper while solving problems.
Lemira froze, her gaze fixed on the man in front of her, her emotions suddenly a whirlwind of complexity.
Because of Evelina, she found herself without friends, even the teachers seemed to keep their distance. No one had ever taken the time to explain things to her before.
Orion's gaze was distant, "With your attention span, I won't feel strange that you daydream through class!"
Lemira snapped back to reality, murmuring an apology, "Sorry, I'll pay attention."
At the sight of her subdued response, Orion's Adam's apple bobbed as he continued to explain.
As evening approached, the warm glow of the lamp enveloped them. Lemira sat, while he stood beside her, one hand bracing the table as he walked her through the solution process. "Can't you see the pattern? It's the same as the last one.
This question's trick is so obvious, can't you see it? Are your eyes just for decoration?
Have you ever had your IQ tested? Are you sure it's up to par? Try again!"
His tone was flat, but his words were sharp, cutting deep.
Luckily, Lemira knew of his reputation because of the sharp tongue, or she might have crumbled under the pressure. Yet, Lemira persevered.
She packed up her completed homework, "Thanks, Dr. Everhart, you're amazing for remembering all this."
Orion twirled his pen, eyeing her curiously, "Don't your folks have a tutor for you?"
Lemira pouted slightly, "I don't want to owe them anything." Tutoring fees were a fortune, and she didn't want to ask the Langstons for money.
Orion watched her delicate profile, her emotions hidden behind her drooping eyelids. Lemira looked up cautiously, "Dr. Everhart, can I come to you with questions in the future?" The man turned, his voice awkward, "I'm busy."
Despite being rejected, Lemira didn't get upset. She neatly packed her bag.
Orion tapped the desk, adding, "Depends on my mood."
Lemira smiled, "Thank you, Dr. Everhart, you are my mentor!" Without waiting for a response, she grabbed her backpack and ran off.
Squinting his eyes, Orion smiled lazily, thinking teaching her was a way to pass the time.
---
Lemira arrived home, the night having already settled in.
The butler approached her, "The young master and Ms. Sterling went out for dinner, so they won't be joining you tonight."
"Alright."
Lemira headed to the dining room for a meal, enjoying the rare moment of peace.
Checking her phone, she saw Evelina's Facebook post: "Out for a big meal with my brothers." Evelina and the brothers were all there in the picture, their smiles dripping with affection for Evelina.
Lemira glanced at it before swiftly closing Facebook, focusing on her dinner instead.
The next morning, Lemira went down for breakfast, finding only Evelina at the table. Evelina boasted quietly, "I made a lot of progress at the team training yesterday."
Lemira ate her breakfast expressionlessly, ignoring Evelina's bragging. Evelina seemed in high spirits, not minding Lemira's cold demeanor.
Despite her calm exterior, Lemira was seething inside. She quickly finished her breakfast and headed out, only to see the chauffeur standing there, motionless, "Ms. Sterling hasn't come out yet. We will wait for her."
After waiting over ten minutes with no sign of Evelina, Lemira grew restless, "If she doesn't come soon, we'll be late!"
She was finding it increasingly difficult to tolerate everything about the Langstons.
Deciding not to wait any longer, Lemira opened the car door, only for Caspian to emerge, "What harm is there in waiting a bit longer for Eve? Her dad once saved your life, and he didn't abandon you. And now you can't even wait a few more minutes for Eve?" Lemira's grip tightened on the door handle.
###Chapter 15
When Lemira thought she couldn't take it anymore, Evelina finally showed up, panting and apologetic, "I'm so sorry, I got caught up planning the game with Ari and the crew, totally lost track of time." Caspian, ever so cool, replied, "No worries, you're pitching in for the family. Beats being a ungrateful wretch."
The driver, in a calm tone, reassured, "No problem, I'll step on it."
Yet, they still ended up late. Rushing to the classroom, they were caught red-handed by their teacher.
Evelina, pale and out of breath, stammered, "I'm so sorry. It's all on me. I held Lemmy up."
Lemira kept a straight face, silent.
The teacher glanced at them, softening a bit towards Evelina, "I get it, no need for a long explanation. Head on in."
"Thank you."
As Lemira followed, the teacher's stern voice stopped her, "Lemira, don't slow Evelina down again. This is your last warning!"
Lemira turned, "Sir, Evelina already explained. It's her, not me."
"Enough. I know your type all too well. Argue again, and you'll stand through class."
Not wanting to miss the lesson, already falling behind, Lemira bit her tongue and entered, feeling worse than ever. She longed for the exams, her ticket out of there.
During lunch, Evelina was the star, surrounded by admirers eager to hear about her e-sports team adventures.
A sidekick of her sneered at Lemira, "Some are just jealous of Eve, dragging her down on purpose."
Evelina smiled, not bothering to correct them. Lemira rested her head on the desk, ignoring the chatter.
After school, Evelina flaunted her plans as she gazed at Lemira, "Off to the training camp."
Lemira silently packed up, her back to Evelina, who, looking at the former, smirked at her victory. To her sidekicks, Evelina delegated, "Homework, as usual. Don't get caught." "Don't worry about us. Chase your dream, we've got your back."
"Thanks, I will pay you back."
Evelina left delightedly, determined to overshadow Lemira and prove herself the rightful Langston heiress.
---
Carrying her backpack, Lemira headed straight for the infirmary.
Orion sat on a chair gracefully, his expression tinged with amusement, "What's up?"
"Hmm, I'm here to study, if that's okay?" Lemira walked in like she owned the place, hoping he wouldn't drive her away.
Orion was taken aback by her boldness, expecting someone more timid. Yet, when Lemira asked questions, she got an earful.
"Can't your brain hold onto anything?
Figure out the simple stuff on your own."
Lemira took the scolding, jotting down notes.
The room was quiet, and her growling stomach betrayed her hunger, which made her flushed despite the fact that she ate a bread earlier.
Taking a glance at the time, Orion ordered food, "Let's eat first."
Facing him, Lemira noticed the scar on his wrist and couldn't help but ask, "When did you have that accident? Was it bad?"
Orion quietly set up the meal.
"It's been years," he said, his gaze clouded as he looked at Lemira.
"Me too. My parents died in a crash, leaving just my brothers and me."
Lemira recalled her reliance on her brothers, a bitter smile on her lips. After their parents' death, life was tough but they were close. Then Evelina came, and everything changed. Orion clenched his cutlery, "What's your plan?"
"I'm aiming for Orvin University. Leave this town, start fresh."
"How ambitious. With your grades? Dreaming of Orvin University is a long shot."
###Chapter 16
"With so much time left, I'll give it my all."
Orion's gaze settled on her, eventually lowering as he spoke in a cool tone, "Don't ask such simple questions in the future!" Lemira chuckled. Was that his way of saying she could keep asking?
For the following days, Lemira would hang around the infirmary after school, not leaving until she finished her homework. Evelina, on the other hand, began to lose focus in class due to her e-sports training, even falling asleep during lessons.
Of course, being a teacher's pet, Evelina only had to mention she wasn't feeling well, and the teacher let it slide.
Lemira saw Evelina bragging about the training camp on Facebook, posting photos and videos of her battling alongside the brothers in the game, all under a unified team tag. That name was the same as in her past life, although Lemira hadn't been a part of it.
"Too busy with games to do your homework?" Orion approached, noticing the gaming video on her phone.
Lemira shook her head, "No, just browsing. Study's my top priority right now."
"With the midterm exam next week, if you make it into the top hundred, you can play the game."
Lemira looked up, smiling, "Then, will you be my lead?" She knew Orion played the game, too.
Orion, with a half-lowered gaze, still looked effortlessly cool. He replied, "Haven't played in a while. Let's see how you do in the exam." "It's a promise then."
Watching Orion's retreating figure, Lemira was determined to rank in the top hundred. After all, Orion seemed pretty confident in his skills.
Back in her previous life, she had been quite the gamer herself. Maybe, just maybe, she could surprise Orion in the game and reclaim some of her pride. Suddenly, Lemira was looking forward to it.
After finishing her homework, she headed home, only to find Lucian sitting on the couch as she entered the living room.
Her heart skipped a beat. Why was he home early? Hadn't her brothers been at the training camp, usually returning late?
Lucian looked up, his tone stern, "Where have you been? It's late!"
Lemira's heart raced, hoping he hadn't discovered her after-school visits to the infirmary. She didn't want to lose that last bit of solitude.
Looking down, she replied, "I was at the public library. It's quiet there, helps me focus."
"Let me see your backpack."
Handing it over, Lemira watched as Lucian flipped through her notebooks, filled with notes and practice tests. After a thorough inspection, Lucian looked puzzled. The butler had reported that Lemira hadn't been coming home on time, and they didn't know where she was. Turned out, she had been studying after all. Lucian set the backpack down, "Lemon, we need to talk."
"Lucian, what about?"
Seeing the quiet Lemira before him, Lucian felt she had changed a lot, yet couldn't pinpoint exactly how.
Previously, Lemira would have been tearfully protesting or even tattling. But now, she remained silent. It seemed Lemira was slipping from their control.
Lucian began, "Eve's been improving rapidly. If you joined the training, you could progress together. You have the talent. Taking some time for the training camp won't set back your studies. Wouldn't it be nice for us to be united as a family? Asher would be so pleased to see us all getting along."
Lemira looked down, her gaze mocking. She firmly responded, "I don't want to join the team."
"Lemira, Evelina is part of our family, and so are you. We should move forward together, not alienate her like you're doing. After all, her dad saved your life!"
Lucian couldn't understand. He had given her so many opportunities, why couldn't Lemira see that? Their kindness to Evelina was meant to repay her for her father's deed.
The living room fell into an uncomfortable silence, the tense atmosphere almost suffocating Lemira.
Clutching her fists, she was at her breaking point. To hell with it!
Lemira retorted sarcastically, "Lucian, would you be satisfied if I just handed my life over to Evelina?"
###Chapter 17
Lemira straightened her back, knowing deep down that Evelina's father had saved her life. So, when Asher brought Evelina home, she didn't . In fact, she treated Evelina as if she were her own sister.
However, as time went by, Lemira realized that Evelina was subtly stealing away her brothers' affection. That was why her relationship with Evelina had soured.
Lucian raised his voice in frustration, "Lemira, listen to yourself! Do you think we're doing all this to harm you? We just want you and Eve to get along. You can't even do this simple request? How long are you going to hold this grudge?" "I'm not holding any grudge."
As she heard Lucian's words, all the questions that had been bottled up inside her seemed pointless. She had tried explaining herself hysterically in the past, but it never changed anything. She didn't want to be swayed by her brothers' opinions anymore. Silently, Lemira packed her textbooks into her backpack from the coffee table. Glancing at her packed bag, she uttered in a low voice, "If there's nothing else, I'll head to my room."
Lucian, sitting on the couch, looked visibly distressed, "Lemira, if you agree to join the team now, we can forget what you did in the past."
Hearing this, Lemira couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity. All the things she had done in her past life seemed like a joke now. Without another word, she headed upstairs, her steps more determined than ever. Lucian, feeling agitated, lit up a cigarette.
The butler approached him, "Mr. Langston, if Ms. Langston isn't willing, then let it be. At least we have Ms. Sterling."
Lucian frowned, "It's not the same."
"Mr. Langston, I might be overstepping, but you've all been away, and since Ms. Langston returned, she hasn't asked about you. It's disheartening to see how cold she's become."
With a flick, Lucian extinguished his cigarette and drove away from the villa.
From upstairs, Lemira watched Lucian leave, thinking he probably headed to the training camp. After taking a shower and reviewing her notes once more, she was determined to leave this place behind.
Accidentally staying up till dawn, Lemira got everything ready in her backpack, got downstairs, grabbed a sandwich from the kitchen and rushed out the door.
Lucian was the first to come downstairs. He noticed Lemira's early departure and frowned, "She's up this early?"
"These past few days, Ms. Langston has been taking public transport, avoiding the chauffeured car ever since Ms. Sterling's discussion with you made her slightly late last Monday. She's been holding a grudge ever since and never taken the chauffeured car!" Lucian's expression turned complex.
Caspian walked over, "Is it worth it? Just for being almost late? Being such petty, who is she trying to impress?"
Alaric yawned, "Lucian, Lemira is just putting on a show to make you feel sorry for her. If you give in now, she'll only push harder in the future." Eventually, Lucian remained silent. He felt that Lemira needed to learn her lesson; he had given her a chance, but she had squandered it.
Evelina, overhearing the conversation, smiled before bouncing down the stairs, "Good morning, Lucian, Caspian, Alaric. Let's have breakfast together." Seeing Evelina's cheerful demeanor, Lucian felt his mood lighten. At least one sister was still on the right path.
---
After pulling an all-nighter, Lemira struggled to stay awake in school but paid attention in class, eager not to miss any critical information.
During the lesson, the teacher called on Evelina to answer a question. Evelina stumbled over her words, unable to provide the correct answer.
###Chapter 18
The teacher let out a sigh, "Evelina, you've been daydreaming a lot lately. You haven't mastered the content we've been reviewing, and it's going to hurt your exam scores." Evelina's cheeks flushed, "I'm sorry. It won't happen again."
Her loyal friend quickly jumped in, "Lemira has been really focused lately. I'm sure she knows the answer."
Now, all eyes were on Lemira, most of them expecting a good laugh. After all, Lemira's grades were usually below Evelina's, so the odds of her knowing the answer were slim. But Lemira stood up, answering the question clearly and correctly.
The teacher looked surprised, "Correct answer, Lemira. You've been working hard lately. The rest of you could learn something from her. Don't slack off."
Evelina stole a glance at Lemira, seething with jealousy. If it hadn't been for all the time wasted on video games, she could have been the one who correctly answered the question. Now Lemira had stolen her thunder, which was infuriating! She knew she had to catch up.
After being praised, Lemira felt a lot better. After school, she didn't head to the infirmary as usual but went straight home to the Langston's.
She needed to be careful not to let Lucian catch on to anything. Sure enough, upon her return, the butler kept an uncomfortably close eye on her.
After dinner, Lemira went straight to her room, locking the door behind her, finally feeling a bit more at ease.
While doing her homework, she pulled out her phone, contemplating whether to message Orion since she hadn't visited him today.
But it seemed like he wasn't waiting for her; it was always her taking the initiative.
Should she send a message? Lemira stared at her phone, indecisive. Maybe she could wait a bit longer before sending a message?
She set down her phone and continued with her homework, but soon her eyelids began to droop, likely a result of staying up all night. She decided to rest her head on the desk for a moment, only to fall asleep accidentally. The next morning, Lemira was jolted awake by her alarm. She glanced at the time, wondering how it was already morning.
After getting ready and scrambling downstairs, she hurried to school.
At lunch, she hesitated for a moment before turning towards the infirmary.
But Orion wasn't there. Gathering her courage, she asked the doctor inside, "Where's Dr. Everhart?"
"He went out for lunch."
Lemira nodded, planning to return after school.
When she did return in the afternoon, Orion was still absent, with the same doctor during the day present instead.
The doctor looked at her, "Young lady, I'm on duty today. Focus on your studies and don't think about these things. You're too young for that."
Lemira blushed deeply, leaving without further explanation.
Over the next few days, she sneaked to the infirmary but never saw Orion. She began to feel a bit lost, having grown accustomed to him being there. Lemira realized she had started to depend on Orion. She quickly adjusted her mindset, reminding herself that she needed to rely on her own strengths.
She settled herself down and focused on preparing for the upcoming exams. She couldn't afford to lose!
After the exams, Lemira felt she had done well. She might even make it into the top hundred. But everyone else seemed to complain about the difficulty of the questions.
She opened her phone, hesitating over what to message Orion. They weren't that close after all. Struggling with social interactions, she turned off her phone in frustration. Returning home in good spirits, Lemira found the living room bustling with her brothers, none of whom had gone to training camp as expected.
Her arrival quieted the room, seeming to cast a shadow over the joyous gathering, as if she was the intruder disrupting the fun.
###Chapter 19
Lemira paused, her voice polite yet distant, "Lucian, Caspian, Alaric."
If she didn't call out to them, they'd probably accuse her of sulking and being rude again. She didn't have the energy to argue over such trivialities and waste time.
Alaric raised an eyebrow, "How did today's test go? You claim to be focusing on your studies instead of joining the team. I'm curious to see just how well you can do!"
Lemira didn't take Alaric's jibe to heart. Whatever she did, her brothers never seemed impressed.
She pursed her lips, "I'll do my best."
Her best to improve her grades, her best to get into Orvin University and get away from them.
Caspian scoffed, "Lemira was never cut out for academics. She didn't do too well in her freshman and sophomore years in senior high school either. Crashing at the last minute just looks like she's making efforts. She's still going to rank behind Eve in the end anyway!" Evelina chimed in with a smile, "Caspian, don't be so harsh. Lemmy has been working hard lately, even the teachers have praised her."
Lemira clenched her backpack, anger sweeping through her chest.
In her past life, there was a reason for her poor grades. It was because every time she did better than Evelina, Evelina would cause trouble for her, leading to her brothers disliking her.
To avoid their disdain, Lemira would deliberately underperform in her exams. So, her grades being worse than Evelina's was just to avoid stirring the pot. That didn't mean she wasn't capable! In her past life, she wanted to outperform Evelina to prove she was better.
But what happened in the end? Asher forced her to apply to the same mediocre college as Evelina, despite her being eligible for better schools!
Thinking of this, Lemira struggled to control her emotions, "I'm going to my room."
Her gaze was icy, but this time she wouldn't make the same mistakes.
----
The next day was a Saturday, and Lemira slept in.
When she went downstairs for breakfast, the hall was empty. They were probably at the training camp.
Lemira didn't mind; she went back to her room after eating.
She checked her phone for updates on the gaming competition. As expected, the announcement for the playoff was posted, just like in her past life.
Back then, Alaric was like a man possessed during the revival matches, determined to win. Only by advancing could they seek revenge against young Everhart in the finals!
But in her past life, SkyBlaze winning the championship was more luck than skill. Young Everhart's last-minute withdrawal from the competition gave them a chance to win.
Why he withdrew, Lemira never found out, even until her death.
Some said it was a sudden illness, others said he was pulled back to take over the family business, but the man himself never clarified.
Looking at the game details, Lemira felt tempted to play. But then she remembered Orion's voice in her head.
She had a deal with him: her decision to play would depend on her monthly exam results. Alright, she'd wait a bit longer, at least until the exam results were out.
She took out her phone, hesitated, and then texted Orion: [Orion, I didn't go to the infirmary after school last week because Lucian found out I wasn't home on time. I was worried he'd discover my secret hideout, so I didn't come.] After sending the message, Lemira stared at the chat for a while but got no reply. She couldn't resist checking Orion's Facebook, only to find nothing new.
"Doesn't he ever post on Facebook? Weird!" She thought to herself.
Meanwhile, Orion glanced at the message he received, his eyes narrowing slightly.
"Orion, who's messaging you?"
###Chapter 20
Orion swiftly locked his phone screen.
Thaddeus raised an eyebrow, "Judging by the profile pic, looks like it's a girl. Wouldn't happen to be that girl you helped the other day, what's her name?" "Your yapping is getting on my nerves."
"You just won't admit it. You've been holed up in the infirmary last week, and now suddenly you're MIA, looking so gloomy these days. Got into a spat with her?"
Orion turned away, his gaze sharp, "Keep your nose out of my business."
"We've been thick as thieves since we were in diapers, what don't I know about you? Cut the act!"
Orion, phone in hand, stepped out to the balcony, glancing briefly at their chat.
"So, she thinks of the health office as some kind of secret base?" thought he. He chuckled to himself unwittingly and opened her Facebook.
Her posts were pretty much everyday stuff, very teen girl-esque. He scrolled through her page, suddenly realizing he'd spent too much time thinking about her. It felt unsettlingly out of control.
Orion quickly exited the messaging app and turned back to the living room.
Lemira waited all day but didn't get a response. Was he mad at her?
But she didn't dare to keep messaging him, deciding to wait until the test results were out on Monday.
The entire weekend, Lemira was cooped up at home, hitting the books hard. Evelina and the brothers didn't come home either, staying at the training camp instead.
---
Monday morning.
Lemira went downstairs and finally saw Evelina and her brothers, their bond seemingly stronger than before.
Lemira didn't say a word and headed straight to the dining hall for breakfast.
Alaric's voice dripped with sarcasm, "Test results out today, huh?"
Lemira nodded, "Yeah."
"I told you before, you should've joined the team. With your grades, you won't get into any decent college. Instead of wasting time on studies, you'd be better off training to go pro. With the resources we can provide, fame was just a matter of time for you. Too bad, you didn't seize the opportunity. It's all Eve's now."
Lemira remembered the humiliation of being replaced in her past life. She calmly replied, "I'm not bothered, really."
After grabbing breakfast, Lemira turned and left the dining hall.
Alaric, seeing Lemira's indifferent attitude, was infuriated, "I can't wait to see her 'great achievements', hmph!"
Evelina was relieved to see Lemira hadn't agreed to join the team. She knew Lemira had a knack for gaming, and if Lemira joined, she'd lose her spot.
Still, she maintained a smiling face, "Ari, don't be mad. Lemmy's just being stubborn. Once she agrees to join the team, I'll gladly give up my spot for her." Alaric nodded, pleased, "You always know best!"
Evelina's smile stiffened momentarily, her heart filled with resentment. She had been practicing relentlessly, all to gain Alaric's approval.
Unfortunately, Alaric still tended to think Lemira was better.
Evelina was determined to prove herself in gaming, to extinguish any thoughts Alaric had of inviting Lemira to the team.
Alaric looked worried, the revival match was crucial, and losing meant no second chances.
Though Evelina was putting in the effort, her innate gaming talent was lacking. With only a month left until the match, Evelina wasn't up to par.
Beating that kid from the Everhart family would require real skill! At this point, Lemira was the only choice.
Yet, he couldn't swallow his pride to ask her; he was used to Lemira pandering to him, her timid attempts at pleasing him. He had grown accustomed to their sibling dynamic and couldn't adjust on the fly.
How long was Lemira going to keep up this charade? Was she really going to force him to humble himself?
###Chapter 21
Alaric was pacing back and forth, clearly troubled about the upcoming competition.
Lucian clapped him on the back, "Once the scores are in, I'll have a word with her. The match is crucial, after all."
Alaric was displeased, "Lemira begged me for ages to teach her how to play, and now she's trying to corner me. When did she get so cunning?
"If push comes to shove, let's get Asher involved. Lemira wouldn't dare snub him!"
Evelina, listening in from the side, was seething. She had no intention of giving up her spot to Lemira! It was her spot, fair and square!
---
Upon Lemira's arrival at school, the buzz was all about the recent exam scores.
Evelina's sidekick, eyeing Lemira, loudly commented, "Someone's been working so hard lately. Wonder how much it paid off."
Lemira, feigning calm, pulled out her textbooks to review, yet her nerves on edge. Soon, the teacher arrived with the scorecards, stirring excitement in the air. "Quiet down," the teacher said, tapping the desk. "Overall, the scores weren't great. It's no time to slack off. Evelina, in particular, you've slid back quite a bit." Evelina's face paled in an instant. She knew she hadn't been on her game, but this was worse than she feared.
The teacher's gaze then shifted to Lemira, pausing before saying, "However, Lemira, you've shown remarkable improvement. Keep it up."
Evelina's lackey pressed, "Sir, what rank is Lemira now?"
"She's now in the top 100 of the grade."
The room erupted with chatter at that.
A smile broke on Lemira's face. She actually did it! Thrilled, she thought about reporting back to Orion. Her efforts during this period of time hadn't been in vain.
If she kept up this pace, she might even stand a chance at getting into Orvin University!
"Sir, I suspect something's off with Lemira's score. There's no way she could've improved so much so quickly!"
The room fell silent at that accusation, with skeptical eyes turning towards Lemira. Even the teacher, looking at Lemira's rank, harbored doubts, though he acknowledged her recent hard work.
Evelina spoke up softly, "Sir, Lemmy really wanted to prove herself, especially since she bet with her brother. So, please, let's not doubt her score. It means a lot to Lemmy."
Her plea was beautifully crafted. Yet, Lemira's expression turned scornful. Evelina's manipulation was top-tier, indeed. No wonder she'd been controlled by Evelina in the previous life.
Predictably, the teacher, swayed by Evelina's words, started to suspect Lemira might have cheated to win the bet.
Evelina's lackey added fuel to the fire, "Sir, you can't cover for cheaters. Both Eve and Lemira have been prepping for their family's team competition. Eve's scores dropped so much, it's impossible for Lemira to advance like this!" Another chimed in, "Yeah, for fairness, Lemira's scores should be disqualified."
Seeing the teacher waver, Evelina knew she'd won again. Lemira, daring to outperform her? Didn't she know the consequences?
"Lemira, won't you explain yourself?"
Lemira, feeling his doubtful gaze, simply stated, "I did not cheat."
Her words were few, but she'd said all she intended. In her past life, any time she outdid Evelina, she would stir up trouble for Lemira, forcing her always to stay one step behind.
###Chapter 22
Evelina was at it again.
She quickly jumped in, "Sir, I just knew she wouldn't cheat. Let's not jump to conclusions, okay? If you nullify her grades, it might seem like upholding fairness, but it'll really hurt her." After some thought, the teacher said, "Lemira's rank will be put on hold for now, pending further investigation. If the cheating turns out to be true, appropriate action will be taken." Once the teacher left, the classroom erupted into noise.
One of Evelina's sidekicks sneered, "I just knew her sudden improvement had to be cheating."
A smug look crossed Evelina's face as she quickly texted Alaric.
[Alaric, what do we do? Lemmy cheated to win your bet, and now she might get a disciplinary note. I'm so worried about Lemmy!]
Lemira simply opened her book and started reviewing. She didn't care about her rank being nullified.
Evelina might influence the teacher, but she couldn't influence the university entrance exam scores!
Yet, she felt a pang of discomfort. After all, she had made plans with Orion that if she ranked in the top 100, they'd play video games together.
But she hadn't been to the infirmary lately, and Orion hadn't replied to any of her messages.
Feeling a bit down, Lemira thought she had finally made a friend, but perhaps she was just overthinking it.
As the morning classes ended, shrieks of excitement came from outside the classroom.
Lemira looked up to see Alaric had arrived. What was he doing here?
"Evelina, your brother is so hot."
Proudly, Evelina accepted a cupcake from Alaric, "Alaric, Lemmy's right here. Maybe you should talk to her. If she apologizes and admits to the cheating, maybe she won't get disciplined." Alaric glanced at Lemira in the classroom. But Lemira didn't look up, quietly focused on her textbook.
She knew why Alaric was here without guessing; Evelina couldn't wait to see her humiliated. But she didn't care about her rank being nullified. And she definitely wouldn't admit to cheating! Standing at the classroom door, Evelina feigned concern, "Lemmy, Alaric's here. Don't worry."
Lemira pretended not to hear, ignoring Alaric outside.
Alaric's expression soured, his slight worry quickly fading away. What was there to worry about Lemira for?
He coldly said, "I'll go see the teacher in the office first." And with that, Alaric turned and left.
Only then did Evelina approach Lemira with the cupcake, "Lemmy, Alaric only brought one cupcake for me. He probably just forgot about you. I'll share it with you." Lemira could see right through Evelina's bragging. She was used to it by now; every time her brother visited, he brought gifts only for Evelina. She never got anything. She once complained to Lucian, who told her she was being naughty and didn't deserve gifts.
But now, she couldn't care less about these so-called gifts.
Lemira's phone rang, and she saw it was Orion. She quickly stepped into the hallway, taking a deep breath before answering, "Hello, Orion."
"How did the grades go?"
Lemira felt a lump in her throat, "I was ranked in the top 100, but it looks like my score might be nullified."
Orion's laid-back tone instantly turned serious as he heard this, "What happened?"
###Chapter 23
Lemira had been trying to convince herself not to care about these. Evelina was only able to play this kind of tricks and had managed to drag Alaric into this mess at school; it seemed inevitable that Lemira's grades would be questioned. But when Orion asked about her grades, the wave of discomfort she felt was undeniable.
Just as Lemira was gearing up to respond, someone called out to her, "Lemira, the teacher wants you in his office." Pressing her lip, she replied, "I'll have to take a raincheck on this conversation. Got to head to the teacher's office." After hanging up, Lemira made her way straight to the office, only to find Alaric there. The atmosphere was tense.
Alaric started with a cold tone, "Lemira, I can't believe you resorted to cheating just to win. Do you understand the gravity of your actions?"
Lemira wasn't surprised. She knew Alaric wouldn't take her side. Her gaze was firm as she responded, "I didn't cheat."
And she wasn't about to admit to something she hadn't done.
"Lemira, the evidence is right before us and you're still lying? Given your usual grades and your behavior at home, there's no way your scores could improve this much without cheating. You had the motive! Just admit your mistake and maybe the school won't be too hard on you."
Lemira let out a scoff, "Is that supposed to be proof of my cheating?"
Alaric stood up in anger, "Look at what you've become, Lemira!"
The teacher, seeing Alaric possibly getting violent, intervened immediately, "Let's keep this civilized, please."
Alaric, frustrated but resigned, told the teacher, "I'm sorry. Lemira's cheating is just her way of rebelling against the family. Let's have her write a letter of apology and present it in front of the whole school, and leave it at that."
The teacher sighed, "Alright, if it means she'll turn over a new leaf." After all, graduating with a disciplinary record would tarnish her future.
Lemira, her heart colder with each passing moment, couldn't believe how quickly they were ready to pin the blame on her without a shred of trust.
"Lemira, you've truly let down the Langston family name. How could we have someone as morally bankrupt as you? It's embarrassing!"
"Do you think I ever wanted to be a Langston?" Lemira's cold eyes reflected her disdain. She didn't like that even a bit now.
"Say that again?" Alaric's face was a mask of fury; he glared at her.
"Just calm down, no need to scare the student," came an old man with amiable looks.
"Sir, what brings you here?" the teacher asked.
"I heard about a senior student making remarkable progress, only to be accused of cheating. It seemed like a big deal, so I decided to see for myself." Alaric replied irritably, "There's no need for an investigation. Lemira cheated to get those grades. If she refuses to apologize, we should just discipline her." Lemira indeed needed that. He'd plead the teacher earlier to finally get his permission for not having her disciplined, only to find Lemira didn't accept it. Fine, he wouldn't do anything for her anymore. She didn't want it anyway.
The principal, however, looked at Lemira with a kind demeanor, "There's a simple way to verify if you've cheated or not. We can have you retake a set of tests under our supervision. Would you be willing to prove yourself?" Lemira met the principal's gaze, "I accept. But on one condition-if it's proven that I didn't cheat, shouldn't those who slandered me publicly apologize?"
Alaric snorted, "Fine, let's see what grades you manage this time!"
###Chapter 24
Quick as a flash, the teacher handed Lemira a set of questions, "Timer starts now."
Lemira sat down, grabbed a pen, and dove into the test.
The office fell into a hushed silence, all eyes on Lemira.
The teacher, closest to her, watched Lemira work through the math problems, his eyebrows lifting in surprise. The questions were significantly tougher than those on the last exam, yet Lemira was getting them mostly right! Minutes ticked by.
Evelina, curious about the office's sudden interest, wandered over and caught sight of Lemira with her test. A bad feeling twisted in her gut.
She sidled up to Alaric, "Alaric, what are you doing? Is Lemmy doing a retake or something?"
Alaric snorted, "Exactly. She refuses to admit she cheated. We'll make her admit defeat this time."
Evelina hurried over to Lemira, "Lemmy, don't be so hard on yourself. We all believe in you. You don't need to force yourself."
Lemira didn't respond or even acknowledge Evelina, determined not to let her break her focus.
Seeing her words had no effect, Evelina bit her lip and glanced back at Alaric, "Alaric, Lemmy is still mad at me."
Alaric's patience snapped, "Lemira, Eve's talking to you. Are you deaf?"
Lemira looked up, "I'm taking a test. Can't you see?"
Alaric was momentarily lost for words, "Eve's trying to give you an out. You should take it before you embarrass yourself."
"Evelina, please don't disturb Lemira while she's working on the test. Let's discuss whatever it is after she's finished," the teacher couldn't stand it anymore and intervened, clearly impressed with Lemira's performance. It seemed increasingly likely that Lemira hadn't cheated after all.
Evelina, feeling upset yet trying to play the good girl, said, "I didn't mean anything by it."
But deep down, she didn't want Lemira to prove that she's capable, couldn't stand the thought of Lemira outshining her, nor could she allow it to happen.
As she stood there, skepticism crept in. Lemira couldn't possibly score well, could she? Yet, witnessing Lemira's recent transformation unnerved her. Finally, time was up.
The teacher collected the test and, along with other faculty members, began grading it swiftly.
Lemira sat calmly, her emotions steady even as Evelina hovered near Alaric. Detachment had shielded her from hurt.
Soon enough, the teacher announced excitedly, "We have the results."
Evelina peeked over, her heart dark with malice, hoping Lemira had failed.
Alaric spoke coldly, "If it's bad, let's not embarrass us by saying it out loud."
"No, Lemira did exceptionally well! This test was even more challenging than the last, and yet she scored higher!"
Lemira's anxiety melted away as she heard it, a small smile playing on her lips.
Alaric's face crumbled as he snatched the test to see for himself. The numbers didn't lie. Lemira had aced it.
Evelina, standing on tiptoes, also saw the score and felt a surge of jealousy. Since when had Lemira become so capable? This was unimaginable!
The principal, an affable old man, declared, "The truth is clear. Lemira has made incredible progress through her own efforts."
The teacher nodded in agreement, "Lemira has indeed been working hard."
Alaric's expressions flickered like a kaleidoscope, finally settling as he placed the test back on the desk, coming to terms with the fact that Lemira hadn't cheated. Suddenly, Lemira seemed like a stranger to him.
The principal coughed, "Now that the truth is out, those who slandered Lemira owe her an apology."
Evelina's face twisted in embarrassment.
###Chapter 25
Lemira was caught off guard by the principal's remarks. She hadn't expected this topic to come up again.
She glanced across at Alaric and Evelina, her expression as calm as a serene lake.
But Alaric's face turned awkward. It used to be Lemira who would chase after him, never putting him in a tight spot. He, being the overprotective brother, was not used to being put on the spot. Now, asking him to apologize was more torturous than pulling teeth.
Evelina quickly chimed in, "Lemmy, when did you become so good? Sneaking in those study sessions at home, and we had no clue. You were suspected of cheating for your stellar performance, and Alaric was here at the crack of dawn to back you up. He really does care about you."
Evelina's attempt to smooth things over gave Alaric a way out, and he responded coolly, "Eve, stop. She'll never understand."
Alaric's approval of Evelina's behavior seemed to satisfy him. That was how a sister should act, he thought.
Lemira, with a half-smile, looked at them, "Oh yes, Alaric was here right away. And then what? Telling the teachers I indeed cheated, forcing my head down to write a confession, apologizing in front of the whole school. Such kindness - would you want it?" Evelina was at a loss for words.
Alaric, red with anger, retorted, "Lemira, it's your fault for secretly working hard and not telling us, leading me to misunderstand. Yes, your grades improved, but was this charade really necessary?"
The principal intervened, turning to the teacher, "Who was the first to accuse Lemira of cheating? Bring them here to apologize."
The teacher immediately summoned two sidekicks of Evelina.
The sidekicks, unaware of the full story and assuming Lemira had cheated, smugly said, "We told you Lemira only got good grades because she cheated. Has it been investigated yet?"
The teacher nodded, "Indeed, it has been cleared that Lemira did not cheat. You two owe her an apology."
Shock painted the sidekicks' faces. Lemira hadn't cheated? How could that be?
Evelina quickly played the good cop, "Lemmy indeed didn't cheat. I told you earlier not to spread rumors. Now, you owe her an apology."
With that, Evelina washed her hands of any involvement.
The sidekicks reluctantly apologized to Lemira, "Sorry, we were wrong to make unfounded claims."
The teacher then asked Lemira, "Do you have any other requests?"
Lemira shook her head, "No, that's all."
The teacher, pleased, mentioned, "Lemira has been working very hard lately. However, Evelina, your grades have taken a significant dive."
Evelina felt humiliated, especially given Lemira's success, it felt like a slap in the face. Eyes red, Evelina responded, "I...I just got sidetracked. It won't happen again."
Alaric felt a bit embarrassed too, "What's the use of good grades? Making a name for yourself in gaming, becoming famous, and earning big bucks is much more important." Evelina secretly agreed.
The teacher was appalled, not expecting such a response from a family, and looked at Evelina, "You should learn from Lemira."
Evelina, biting her lips harshly, turned and stormed out of the office.
Alaric shot Lemira a furious look, "So what if you got good grades once? Is it worth showing off in front of Evelina? She's just distracted by the gaming team. You, who haven't sacrificed anything, have no right to boast." Lemira raised an eyebrow, "Have I boasted?"
The principal spoke again, "I clearly heard these remarks from the teacher, not Lemira. As family, you shouldn't play favorites."
Caught off guard, Alaric dryly replied, "I'm not biased. Lemira is always like this."
After his retort, Alaric left to find Evelina. Lemira turned to the principal, "Thank you, sir."
"No need to thank me. You've got the ability, and you earned this. Now, head back to class. I need to have a meeting with the teachers to emphasize this matter."
As Lemira left the office, she saw Orion standing in the hallway, wearing a lab coat.
He leaned against the wall as if waiting for someone. Their eyes met, and Lemira's heart inexplicably raced.
###Chapter 26
Orion stood straight, his voice cool and detached, "So, what's the outcome?"
"I nailed it, of course! The principal had me retake a different test, and I scored even higher than on the midterms."
Lemira couldn't help but lift her chin a bit in pride. It seemed like the joy of her victory found its true significance only upon seeing Orion.
Orion, his gaze slightly lowered, asked in a calm tone, "Did they apologize?"
Lemira paused for a moment, was he referring to Evelina and Alaric? She shook her head, "Only the scapegoat said sorry. The ones pulling the strings didn't, but I couldn't care less. I've already given them a taste of their own medicine!" And it felt fantastic!
A smile graced Orion's refined features as he spoke, "Meet me after school." With that, he left.
Lemira noticed someone approaching in the hallway, so she didn't ask any further questions. Turning around, she headed back to her classroom.
The usually noisy classroom had quieted down a bit.
The teacher soon came in to announce that Lemira's scores were legitimate, clearing her of any cheating allegations.
Evelina, slouched over her desk, was in a foul mood, her interest in even cakes waning. She needed a plan. There was no way Lemira could outperform her. How could Lemira possibly be better than her?
---
After school, Lemira made her way directly to the infirmary.
Orion, sitting in a chair, glanced back at her, "Finished your homework?"
"The teacher had us review our mistakes, and I've done that."
She hadn't made many mistakes, only on topics she hadn't reviewed well or fully understood.
Orion tapped the computer beside him, "Ready for a game? Got an account?"
"Yeah, but I feel like starting a new one."
"Perfect, I'm not using my main either."
Orion didn't plan on using his main account to play with her.
After Lemira launched the game, she randomly picked a username: SweetLemon. Once they entered the game, she looked at Orion, "What's your username? Let's add each other as friends." Lemira sneakily glanced at his screen, finding his username somewhat familiar: Time Rewind. It instantly reminded her of something.
In her past life, she had an online friend with the exact same name.
Orion raised an eyebrow, "What are you looking at? Accept the friend request."
Lemira's cheeks flushed as she hurriedly accepted, feeling a wave of excitement looking at their avatars in the game.
But in her past life, she didn't meet her online friend at this time. Maybe it was just a coincidence?
Lemira sneaked another look at him, "Why did you choose that name?"
Orion paused, his gaze lowered, "Just picked it randomly."
Lemira nodded, thinking maybe it really was a coincidence.
Once they started playing, they headed straight for the beginner's area to start their quests.
Lemira could tell Orion wasn't a newbie. He probably switched to a low-level account to play with her, but she didn't pry. Yet, his gameplay reminded her so much of that person. She couldn't help but ask, "Is your main account also named this?"
"No."
"Is this the first time you're playing games with this name for an account?"
Orion looked at her, "Yeah, why?"
Lemira quickly looked down, feeling her face heat up, "No reason."
She was conflicted. Could he really be that person? But it didn't align with when she met her online friend in her past life.
Back then, it was after the playoff that she encountered him. He taught her how to improve her gaming skills, helping her advance to the finals.
Even though she never met her online friend before she died, she was grateful for his support during her toughest times.
Distracted, Lemira and Orion managed to complete their tasks and move out of the beginner's area. As they were about to start another quest, they ran into another team. Lemira revealed a scornful look as she saw the team's name. It was Alaric and Evelina.
Orion's eyes narrowed slightly, "Wanna go for it?"
"To do what? We're on low-level accounts, and our gear can't match theirs. It'd be suicide." Though she said that, Lemira felt a spark of thrill.
Orion suggested, "Let's wait until they're almost done with their quest. When they're low on health, we'll swoop in and steal their Boss."
###Chapter 27
Lemira's interest was piqued instantly.
They stealthily hid behind, watching as Alaric and his team went on their monster hunt.
After all, taking down the big Boss was no easy feat; it required the team's coordination, and by the end, they were usually hanging on by a thread.
Typically, with a team as renowned as theirs, nobody dared to snatch the Boss from them. But there were exceptions.
Lemira had strategized for it before; she knew exactly when to strike. She and Orion worked seamlessly together, swooping in at the last moment to deliver the final blow. They successfully snatched the Boss away from Alaric and his team.
The world channel broadcasted, "Congrats to SweetLemon for defeating the Boss."
Seeing this, Alaric was livid, ranting into his headset, "What the heck were you all doing, letting someone steal our Boss?"
Evelina added fuel to the fire, "These two seem like newbies. Don't they know who we are? Daring to steal our Boss."
Fuming, Alaric commanded, "Take them down!"
However, it wasn't long before Alaric's screen turned grayscale, followed by the rest of his team meeting their demise on the ground.
Alaric had a nagging feeling about SweetLemon; whose gameplay reminded him a lot of Lemira.
Could it be her, using a new account to snipe their Boss? No, Lemira couldn't be that skilled yet.
Meanwhile, having snatched the Boss, Lemira and Orion also acquired the loot. But the thrill of besting Alaric and Evelina was the real prize for them! After gaming for a while, their delivery arrived. Orion paused, "Let's eat."
Lemira noticed a small cake among their order, identical to the one Evelina had received earlier in the day.
She glanced at him, "Why did you get a cake?"
"Don't all you girls like it? Consider it a reward for a job well done, you didn't embarrass me!"
Lemira felt a wave of emotion.
Orion, looking slightly awkward, added coldly on purpose, "Besides, it came free with the order."
Lemira took the small cake, her very own cake. She took a bite, her eyes downcast, her heart tumultuous.
Orion observed her bowed head and silence, his Adam's apple bobbing, "Is the cake not good?" How's that possible? It's supposed to be a crowd favorite. Lemira nodded, "It's delicious. It's been a long time since someone bought me a cake."
Ever since her parents passed away, she stopped celebrating her birthdays. Her brothers never remembered she liked cake; there was never a slice for her. Orion's gaze landed on her, "You don't celebrate your birthday with cake?"
Lemira was silent before sharing, "My parents died in a car accident on my birthday. So since then, I've stopped celebrating."
That day turned into a day of mourning. The atmosphere at home was always heavy on that day.
She never felt entitled to celebrate her own birthday.
Orion felt a sting in his chest, struggling to breathe. He turned away, his lips pressed thin, his face a mix of anger and guilt, his hands clenched, the vein bulging. Lemira sensed the mood shift, and pretended to be casual as she looked up, "Honestly, I don't mind if I celebrate my birthday or not. I'm not in the mood anyway." How could she celebrate on the day she lost her parents? It was her parents' deathday, after all.
Orion managed to control his emotions, looking at her serene face, as meek as a lamb. Her demure presence, so sensible, sparked both frustration and helplessness. He cleared his throat, his voice slightly rough, "It's getting late, you should head back. Girls shouldn't linger outside."
"I understand. Can I come here to see you again?" Lemira gazed at him, her eyes filled with uncertainty.
###Chapter 28
Orion's gaze was unfathomable, "You trust me this much, not afraid I might fool you?"
"What's there for you to fool me out of?"
Lemira looked at him squarely, "You're pretty much my only friend right now."
Orion's gaze briefly faltered. A friend? His lips curled slightly, and then he put on a stern facade, "Don't just trust people willy-nilly in the future, especially men." "Got it, I'm off."
Lemira waved, slinging her backpack over her shoulder as she left the infirmary.
Orion remained seated long after she'd left, his eyes catching the sight of the cake on the desk. Memories of a car crash scene, with a ruined birthday cake, flashed through his mind.
His head began to throb uncontrollably. Since that car crash, he hadn't touched cake again.
After a while, he got a call, "Mr. Everhart, Ms. Langston has safely arrived home." Only then did Orion hang up, his silhouette stretching long in the setting sun.
---
Back at the Langston residence, Lemira found Lucian sitting on the sofa, obviously waiting for her.
She greeted him without emotion, "Lucian."
Lucian looked up to find his distant yet defiant sister, unsure of what to say. He had suspected her of cheating when her grades suddenly shot up.
But it turned out her achievements were genuine. Except these years Lemira's were mediocre for her school grades, how come such drastic change?
Lucian realized Lemira had truly changed, and it wasn't just a phase of acting out. He felt both happy and lost.
The sister who used to center around him seemed gone. She was genuinely putting in the effort, not just being stubborn.
Lucian started to reflect, realizing he had looked at Lemira through filtered lens and indeed been neglectful of Lemira's feelings, especially with Alaric's stunt at school. Could this be why she changed so much? Lucian's voice was mixed, "Back so late, were you at the public library again?"
"Yeah."
Lucian sighed slightly, "Isn't it better here than at those public places? It's not safe out there with all sorts of people. Stop going to those libraries to study."
Lemira pressed her lips; there it was again, decisions made for her.
Lucian continued, "Evelina's grades have dropped badly, so I hired a tutor for her. You should join in. If Evelina struggles with anything, you can help her out. After all, you're classmates. When she was absent, you could take detailed notes for her." Lemira's gaze turned scornful. So, it was all for Evelina's sake; that was why she was asked to study at home.
Lemira stood tall, "I don't want that."
"Lemmy, I know that Alaric did wrong back at school, but you've already proved that you're capable. Eve is our family. Her dropping rank is because of the match, and since you won't join the team, you should make some sacrifice, assisting Eve with her grades. You've got the experience after all." Lemira only felt it absurd, "I refuse!"
Just two words would make her feel explaining was a waste of time.
Alaric burst out, pointing at her, "Lemira, have you no conscience? After all these years living off the Langstons, and you've contributed nothing. How can you be so shameless?"
Lemira found it ironic. In her past life, she had indeed tried her hardest for the Langstons, honing her gaming skills to lead the team to victory.
And what did she get in return? The result of Evelina's few tears could easily replace her, taking over the championship spot. This life, she wouldn't make the stupid mistake.
She coolly responded, "Fine, from today on, I'll move out of the Langston house and not use a dime of the Langston's money."
"Let's sever ties now," she thought.
###Chapter 29
Lemira stood firm, her mind made up about leaving the mansion for good.
Alaric scoffed, "Fine, get the hell out then! I'd love to see how well you do without the Langston fortune backing you!"
Lucian couldn't bear it any longer, "That's enough, Alaric."
"Lucian, look here, it was Lemira who wanted to bail on us first! She's the one turning her back on our family!"
Alaric's eyes were bloodshot, his emotions running high. He had already swallowed his pride today, yet Lemira still wanted to leave. Was she waiting for him, her brother, to get down on his knees and beg for forgiveness? Evelina quickly intervened, "Alaric, calm down, will you? Lemmy's just joking around. If she doesn't want to tutor me, it's fine. We have a private tutor, and I'm quite happy with that, really."
Alaric glared fiercely at Lemira, "Look how considerate Eve is, and then there's you. Have you ever stopped to reflect on your actions, Lemira?"
"Alaric, let's just go. I have some game moves I need to ask you about."
Evelina glanced back at Lucian, "We'll be off then, Lucian."
"Go ahead."
Seeing Evelina's understanding nature softened Lucian a bit more.
Evelina wasn't originally a part of the Langston clan, but she had let her grades slip all for the sake of team training. She always knew how to smooth things over when conflicts arose at home. Compared to Lemira's actions, Evelina seemed all the more sensible.
Lucian looked at Lemira with disappointment, "Don't take Alaric's words to heart. You're still one of us, a Langston."
Lemira replied calmly, "I think it's better if I move out."
Lucian's expression darkened, "Lemmy, what do you want us to do to return to those happy days when we all got along?" The way things used to be? Lemira felt a surge of fatigue. She didn't even have the energy to respond. Just disappointment. With a forced smile, Lemira said, "That's not possible."
After her cold reply, she headed straight for her room upstairs.
She would not, like in her previous life, humbly give her all only to be utterly ignored and eventually abandoned. Never again!
After this incident, Lemira and her brothers entered a cold war period where they hardly spoke. But she relished the peace, no longer having to deal with them.
Soon, the team revival match was upon them, scheduled for this Saturday.
Evelina had been absent from school for days, claiming she was sick, but Lemira knew she was prepping for the competition.
Lemira's daily routine of eating and attending school remained unaffected.
Lucian approached her, leaving a ticket for the match, "There's a game this afternoon. You should come and support them."
Lemira responded indifferently, "Got it."
Lemira didn't even seem concerned about their match preparation. Seeing her indifference, especially compared to Evelina's dedication to the point of skipping school, Lucian felt even more disheartened. "Lemmy, one day you'll understand we only mean well."
Without saying more, Lucian left the hall. Lemira felt so disgusted by his words that she lost her appetite.
She put down her utensil; the thought of moving out grew stronger in her mind.
She picked up the match ticket, intent on going. She wanted to witness firsthand how Alaric's team would fail without her efforts.
She snapped a photo of the ticket and sent it to Orion. [I'm going to the match this afternoon, won't be on the game.] They had planned to play together this weekend.
Orion replied instantly. [Okay.]
As he messaged back, a nosy figure tried to peek at the conversation but couldn't see anything. Thaddeus clasped his chest, "Come on, let me have a look. Why so petty?" Orion gave him a glance, "Got nothing better to do, huh?"
"Why so serious? I mean, you could just compensate her directly for your guilt. What's with sticking around her all the time?"
###Chapter 30
Orion's slender fingers were wrapped around his smartphone.
It took him a while to reply, "I'm here to support her growth, help her climb out of her rough patches, until she can live freely on her own."
Thaddeus, always one to add a bit of spice, chimed in, "Till she grows up, starts dating, gets married, and has kids?"
Orion's brows furrowed slightly, "Something like that."
After her parents passed away, and with her brothers being less than reliable, she had faced a tough journey alone.
Orion swiftly changed the subject, "Got tickets for this afternoon's game?"
"The wild card match? You're interested too? I thought your brother made it straight to the finals!"
"Cut the chatter. There's another matter to sort out before the game."
Orion looked up at the sky, thinking he'd be there for her until she no longer needed him. If only her parents were still around, things wouldn't have been this hard.
----
Lemira made her way directly to the venue of the team's game.
Outside, she saw a crowd of fans, some holding support banners, including those for SkyBlaze. Even Evelina had amassed a small following.
Thanks to the efforts of Caspian's company, Evelina had become a somewhat famous influencer and streamer. Young, sweet-talking, and playing the innocent card had won her fans in the streaming world. Lemira glanced at the fans' banners. Once, she had been a die-hard SkyBlaze supporter, actively sharing team news and managing fan groups.
With an expressionless face, Lemira entered the venue with her ticket.
Sitting down while gazing at those seats on stage, she found herself lost in thought. In her past life, she had been on that stage, leading her team to a hard-fought victory in the match.
The competition was fierce. The team was considered powerful with steady skills.
Unlike Alaric, who, despite his skills, often lost his cool, disrupting the game's flow, and was too proud to take advice.
Soon, the competing teams took to the stage, their fans screaming in support, trying to outdo each other in volume.
Lemira, calm as ever in her seat, noticed Alaric and Evelina leading their team, dressed in unified team jerseys, looking like a family unit. However, she could tell Alaric was not in high spirits. Lemira noticed Lucian and Caspian were absent. What's going on? Weren't Lucian and Caspian supposed to be training with them for the match?
On stage, Alaric's frustration was evident. He hadn't expected Lucian and Caspian to bail at the last minute, throwing off his plans.
Evelina, ever supportive, said, "Alaric, Lucian and Caspian had emergency issues at their companies. They're CEOS, not professional players, after all."
"What do you know? We've trained together for so long, and they just bail? How are we supposed to compete now?"
"Alaric, our team is strong, and we've trained together. We'll coordinate and won't lose," Evelina reassured him patiently, despite his harsh tone.
For Evelina, standing by Alaric's side, especially now, would only make him appreciate her more, potentially replacing Lemira as his sister in his eyes.
Frustrated as he was, Alaric had no choice but to proceed. Suddenly, he thought of Lemira, uttering unwittingly, "Eve, imagine if Lemira were here to compete with us. Would things be better?"
Evelina's smile froze, irritation bubbling within her. Why did he mention that girl again? Was her dedication over these days to training and competing in spite of lying to the school to get days off not enough to overshadow Lemira, who hadn't lifted a finger? Out of the corner of her eye, Evelina spotted a familiar figure in the audience.
"Alaric, Lemmy's here to watch us compete."
Lemira, noticing Evelina's gaze and the ensuing fan uproar, realized she'd been spotted.
At the sight of Lemira, Alaric's eyes lit up. She had come after all.
###Chapter 31
Lemira caught Alaric's gaze, her eyebrows knitting together. At that moment, her phone buzzed with a call from Lucian. "Lemmy, you're at the venue, right?"
A bad feeling settled in the pit of Lemira's stomach. She wanted to deny it, but the squeals of fans around her spoke volumes.
"Lemmy, Caspian and I got caught up with some urgent business at the office, so we can't make it to the game. Today's match is a big deal for Alaric, and you should join the team in our stead. Whatever beef you've had with Alaric before, it's time to set differences aside, right? When push comes to shove, we've got to stick together."
Hearing Lucian's words drowned out the fan's cheers for Lemira.
Her silence was deafening. She abruptly ended the call, not wanting to say a word. She came to enjoy the farce, not to participate.
On stage, Alaric waited for Lemira to leave her seat and head backstage, growing impatient by the minute.
He said with a stern face, "What's Lemira playing at? Do I really need to go down there and ask her myself?"
Evelina said with a hint of amusement, "Alaric, let me message Lemmy for you. But seeing her just sitting there, she's probably still mad. Otherwise, knowing her, she would've been backstage with you by now."
Alaric remembered the old Lemira, who would've instinctively known what he needed from her. He had grown accustomed to her support.
But suddenly, Lemira seemed like a completely different person.
"You call her," he said stiffly. "If she agrees to play, I'll let bygones be bygones and treat her like a sister again."
What happened at school earlier was due to his racklessness. He was willing to overlook their past disputes, hoping for a return to their former state.
Evelina's expression faltered slightly, and she forced herself a reply, "Okay, I'll call Lemmy right away. For your sake, I believe she'll come."
Alaric's mood slightly improved.
Evelina stepped aside to make the call, her gaze landing on Lemira below. Her eyes darkened.
Seeing Evelina's name on her phone and noticing her on the stage, Lemira guessed the nature of the call without picking up.
She declined the call directly, her face expressionless as she watched the stage.
Evelina, upon being hung up on, looked surprised but then smirked, relieved to not waste her time.
Evelina didn't want Lemira in the game, stealing her thunder. She wanted Lemira to witness firsthand how she and Alaric would clinch the victory. They didn't need Lemira to win!
Returning to Alaric's side with feigned tears, Evelina said, "Alaric, I guess I just don't have the gift of gab. Lemmy probably hates me now, that's why she didn't pick up. Maybe I should go talk to her in person?" Alaric's expression darkened, "No need. Lucian already told me he tried calling Lemira and got hung up on. It's clear she has no intention of joining the team for the game. Don't bother."
"Evelina, I trust Lemmy isn't the type to just come for laughs."
"Ha, we'll win this match and she won't have her way," with that, Alaric put on his headphones, tuning out everything at the auditorium.
Evelina's face lit up with satisfaction, thinking, "Lemira, I've got the upper hand this time."
The match commenced swiftly. SkyBlaze VS IronVow.
Lemira watched the commentary on the big screen. Initially, Alaric, playing the assassin, led his team into an ambush.
But the opposing team seemed to have done their homework on Alaric's tactics, even predicting their bait strategy.
In her past life, Lemira thought their opponents were too easily lured, suspecting a trap. She had advised Alaric to be cautious, not to rush in blindly.
###Chapter 32
Back then, Alaric really gave her a piece of his mind. He ended up leading someone to check out the situation, only to walk straight into IronVow's trap.
It was her, leading the remaining team members in a charge to rescue them, and ultimately turning the tables with a sneak attack on the enemy's lair.
In this life, she was curious to see what decision Alaric would make without her heads-up. Sure enough, Alaric made the same old mistake, charging the whole team into the enemy's trap. Seeing this all too familiar scenario unfold, Lemira couldn't help but crack a smile. Typical!
Soon enough, Alaric realized they were caught in a trap, but it was too late.
The team's rhythm was completely thrown off. Evelina panicked, making one mistake after another, nearly costing her teammates their lives.
Alaric led everyone to retreat into a building. In frustration, Alaric couldn't help but explode, "Evelina, what were you thinking? Didn't I say we all retreat? What's this, trying to show off?"
Evelina was on edge too, "Alaric, I just couldn't let it go, seeing that opponent so close to defeat made me want to go for the kill."
"More like serving them kills on a platter. If you were so confident in your moves, you wouldn't have gotten trapped and put us all at risk."
Publicly berated, Evelina felt her pride took a hit, "If you hadn't walked us into a trap, getting us all surrounded, none of this would've happened."
Alaric turned red with anger, "You've got some nerve blaming me, when it's clear you're the weak link. All that training and no improvement, what a waste of time." Evelina, her face a mix of colors from anger, stormed off.
The room went into an uproar. After all, a team member storming off in the middle of a match was a big deal.
The big screen zoomed in on SkyBlaze, with Alaric's displeased expression clear as day. Alaric had no choice but to call for a timeout.
Each match allowed for one timeout.
The opposing fans started murmuring, already beginning to celebrate early. Alaric, face grim, slammed his keyboard, clearly livid.
He hadn't expected Evelina to actually walk out in a huff. If it were Lemira, no matter how much he yelled, she wouldn't have thrown such a tantrum!
The atmosphere turned awkward.
Seeing this, a member of the opposing team stood up, taunting, "Hey Alaric, why not just forfeit? Save yourself from getting beaten too badly, might as well keep some dignity." Alaric stood up swiftly, "I won't give up. Sounds like you're the ones scared of losing, that's why you made such comments, huh?"
"Alaric, anyone with eyes can see you're going to lose this match, especially with a team member walking out. Weren't you the one boasting about your family team never losing?" "What family team? Just a bunch of orphans left behind, nothing to boast about. Video games aren't about who has more kids!"
Alaric's temper flared instantly and he charged forward, "Watch your fricking mouth!"
"Oh? Touched a nerve, have I? Try anything, see what happens. Orphaned trash, if your parents were alive to see this match, they'd die of shame!"
Lemira, overhearing from below, felt her face go cold with anger. How dare they insult her parents?
She headed straight for the backstage.
Alaric was forcibly pulled back by his teammates, avoiding a brawl in front of the audience, which would only create a negative impact.
###Chapter 33
Lemira stood in the hallway, locking eyes with Alaric.
Alaric, feeling his pride wounded, struck first, "Came for a good laugh, did you? Find it amusing to see our team being mocked? Happy now?"
Lemira's expression was cold, "It's because you were outplayed."
Just then, the IronVow team made their way to the backstage area. Lemira turned her gaze to the captain of Iron Vow who said those provocative remarks earlier, "Got a question for you. Are you an orphan, with no parents to speak of?" The captain of IronVow scowled, "What's that supposed to mean?"
"Exactly what it sounds like. With that foul mouth, I thought maybe you lost your parents early, with no one to teach you manners."
"Why you little brat, dare to say that again?"
Lemira had clearly struck a nerve. She shot back, "In the upcoming match, if you lose, then I want a public apology in front of the press for what you said about my parents!"
"You think we'll lose? You're dreaming!"
"What, scared to take the bet? Feeling a bit shaky, are you?"
Provoked by Lemira's taunting, the captain quickly took the bait, "Fine, but if you lose, your captain has to publicly apologize for what you said!"
With that, the IronVow team stormed off, leaving a charged atmosphere behind.
Lemira remained composed, confident in her strategy to win. However, the mood among the SkyBlaze team members turned awkward.
Alaric, annoyed, said, "If we lose, you're apologizing yourself. You're not even a team member. Who gave you the right to make decisions?"
"I just wanted that guy to apologize publicly, nothing more."
Right then, Lucian arrived, "Lemmy, seeing you here makes me happy. Finally, our family is back together."
Lemira pressed her lips together, saying nothing.
Lucian glanced around, "Where's Eve?"
Alaric's face stiffened, "Don't know. She ran off for a bit scolding."
Another team member chimed in, "Captain, Eve did that just because she really wants to win. She can't be blamed for getting a bit carried away."
"Yeah, Captain. Eve's such hard worker, staying up late night after night training on her computer. She's really putting in the effort."
"Captain, you were a bit harsh earlier."
Alaric felt cornered. Harsh? When Evelina insisted on joining the team with no talent to speak of, of course, it would require immense effort. But clearly, Evelina was lacking.
After Evelina's mistake, as captain, was he not allowed a word of criticism?
Lemira sided with the others, "Exactly, Evelina has put so much effort in, even sacrificing her study time. How could you scold her, Alaric? You're just worried about losing the game, but Evelina is losing her self-esteem." Alaric was livid. What was this? How had everything turned against him? Clearly, Evelina was at fault!
Lucian glanced at Alaric, "You really should work on that temper, Alaric. Remember how well Lemira treated you, and you pushed her away, hurting her. Wanna drive Eve away with your words too?" "Lucian, that's not the same thing at all. It's Evelina."
"Enough. I saw the whole live stream clearly. It was you who led them into a trap. As captain, you're responsible. Eve just panicked and made a mistake."
Alaric felt a crushing sense of helplessness. No matter what he said, Lucian didn't believe him!
Lemira watched from the sidelines, finally seeing Alaric experience what she had felt. The bitterness of being slandered, misunderstood, and unable to defend oneself. How did it feel? Lucian tried calling Evelina, but there's no answer.
###Chapter 34
He blurted out, "Let's set her aside for now; we need to talk about the game."
Lemira spoke up, "If we want to win this, everyone needs to follow my lead from here on out."
Alaric was the first to challenge her, "And why should we?"
Lemira's eyes were serious, "Because I know how to win." She was unusually calm as she laid out her thoughts and plans.
Having watched the game earlier, she had a pretty good grasp of the SkyBlaze team members. They had trained together before, so Lemira knew what she was talking about.
"Anyone can talk big. Don't think you're unbeatable just because you're a little talented. You haven't even been training lately. How can you guarantee a win?"
Lemira's lips tightened, "If you won't follow my lead, then I'm out of the competition."
Alaric scoffed, "Fine, leave. Do you think you're that important?"
Lucian quickly intervened, "If no one else has any better ideas, let's just go with her instruction for now."
Alaric, though reluctant, couldn't argue. They were out of options.
The competition was about to resume.
Lemira took Evelina's seat. It was her seat in the past life.
As she put the headphones back on, her expression turned determined. This time, she wasn't fighting to please Alaric. She was competing for herself.
The last-minute change in the SkyBlaze lineup sparked a bit of discussion.
Orion stood by the window on the second floor, watching the girl who was seriously competing.
Thaddeus remarked, "Didn't you say she was just here to spectate? And now she's entered the competition. It seems, despite being treated unfairly by her family, they're still more important to her." "You're wrong. She's doing it for herself now."
Orion knew the reason she joined the competition. It definitely wasn't to please Alaric. Her brilliance was all her own now.
The game began, and the announcer started to comment, "SkyBlaze has had a bit of a hiccup with a last-minute player change. This new player seems a bit unfamiliar; it's uncertain how well she'll perform. SkyBlaze is not in an enviable position right now; how will they break through?" Lemira dove into the game, playing on Evelina's account, just like her old role-allowing her to adapt quickly.
She had a plan in place, waiting for the enemy to encircle them. But at a critical moment, Alaric suddenly charged out, revealing their position.
Lemira cursed under her breath, "What are you doing?"
"Don't worry about it, I can break through on my own!" Alaric ran out, trying to prove himself, but ended up getting pinned down and beaten by the opposition.
Lemira wasn't surprised. She commanded directly, "Support, cover me. Everyone else, stick to the plan."
She burst from behind the wall, cannon in hand, and blasted at the enemy. Her figure darted between buildings, appearing just long enough to disrupt the enemy's rhythm with her attacks.
The announcer got excited, "Wow, her moves are impressive-so skilled, hardly what you'd expect from a newbie, more like a seasoned pro.
She just stopped dead in her tracks, dodging the enemy's ultimate move. How did she anticipate that?
Look, she's charging forward, leaping into the air and unleashing a twelve-hit combo! That's a move only the legendary King could pull off. How can this newcomer possibly achieve that? It's unbelievable!" The crowd went wild; the entire venue electrified!
King was a legend in everyone's eyes! Though the legend had retired years ago, his legacy lived on.
What connection could this new girl possibly have with King?
###Chapter 35
Lemira's move was devastating.
She took out two opponents in one fell swoop and left another seriously injured. After landing, her gaze briefly met the bloody aftermath on the ground where Alaric lay defeated.
Alaric, fixated on the screen, was engulfed by a wave of shock and disbelief. He knew Lemira was talented, but he had no idea she was this formidable!
But wait, Lemira hadn't always been this strong. When had she powered up?
From the moment he was captured, Alaric had resigned himself to defeat. But then Lemira swooped in, her agility and keen sense of play stabilizing the team and even turning the tide with King's move - a twelve-hit combo!
Alaric realized he might never have truly known his sister. Lemira had become a stranger to him, igniting a fear of losing her that he couldn't quite explain.
He hesitated before speaking, "You..."
But Lemira had already moved on, speaking over the headset, "Report the rest's location and status, I'll be right there."
Only Alaric was left on the spot, looking at merely a game character's cool retreating figure. Suddenly, he turned to cast a glance at Lemira who kept focusing on the computer screen, her state captivating.
Lucian uttered next to him, "Alaric, you zoned out there?"
Snapped back to reality, Alaric scrambled to catch up. Downstairs, Lemira was leading a fierce assault with the team members, her gameplay nothing short of top-level and spectacular compared to Evelina's clumsy efforts. This was the gunner he had envisioned! In the end, it was Lemira who clinched the victory.
Alaric was swamped with mixed emotions. The game he valued so much was won thanks to Lemira, the sister he had underestimated. He had never felt such feeling before, a psychological gap.
The game concluded swiftly, with Lemira, the gunner, standing at the deserted street and basking in the victory under the setting sun.
After a brief silence, the host announced, "It's decided, SkyBlaze wins, thanks to their substitute player's incredible performance. Could she be the King's protégé?"
The crowd erupted, some fans chanting for the King. Lemira was momentarily lost in thought while hearing the name, remembering it was someone who had taught her the twelve-hit combo, a man whose connection to the King she had always suspected but never confirmed.
Neither had she ever seen him.
King never revealed himself, and no one knew what he looked like.
Removing her headset, Lemira stood up to the sound of victory cheers, her smile signifying not just the win, but also the impending apology from their disrespectful opponent.
Lucian was the first to come to her, surprised, "Lemon, you were outstanding. We couldn't have won this game without you! I knew you were secretly practicing despite refusing to join the team, right?"
His joy was evident, relieved that Lemira hadn't changed. They were still family.
But Lemira's smile faded at his words; she felt a bit displeased. She turned to the IronVow team captain, "You lost!"
The captain looked at her with a complex gaze, "Who are you, exactly?"
Lucian proudly declared, "She's my sister."
"But wasn't Ms. Langston that terrible player from before? When did the Langston family get another Ms. Langston?"
Lucian's expression stiffened for a moment, "That was our adopted sister. This is our real sister."
"You guys really know how to play the game, sending a decoy 'sister' to throw us off and keeping your real secret weapon hidden. You caught us completely off guard."
###Chapter 36
When Alaric heard that, he almost couldn't keep his composure. He hadn't expected Lemira to have such amazing skills!
The leader of IronVow approached Lemira, "I've got to hand it to you, you were phenomenal."
Mastering the twelve-hit combo wasn't something just anyone could do. Since the legend retired, no one had managed it until this girl came along. Lemira's response was cool, "Time to keep your word."
"Alright, I said some nasty stuff during the match about your folks. That was out of line. I was a real jerk, and I shouldn't have said those things. I'm sorry!" After hearing this, Lemira simply nodded, "Watch it next time."
But Alaric couldn't let it go that easily, "That's it?" Lemira looked at him, puzzled.
The leader of IronVow sneered, "What's it to you? Your sister is the one who beat us. If you can't match up, zip it!"
Just as the argument was about to escalate, Lucian stepped in to calm Alaric down, avoiding further trouble.
As the crowd dispersed after the match, Lemira headed backstage and was met by Evelina, tears streaking her face and her eyes red. The atmosphere turned awkward.
Evelina looked up timidly, her big eyes brimming with tears, looking utterly pitiful. Anyone would be softened by such a sight.
But Lemira's gaze was icy; she knew Evelina was putting on her usual act, a trick the latter had used far too many times from childhood.
Evelina's voice was weak, "Alaric, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have stormed off during the match."
She had felt humiliated and figured Alaric would have to rely on her in the competition, hoping he would come to console her.
But she hadn't expected Lemira to step in and take her place. And to win so brilliantly! Evelina knew she was in trouble and needed to regain her standing in Alaric's eyes.
Alaric was stern, "You realize the mess you left? If it wasn't for Lemira, what then?"
Evelina's tears fell, utterly aggrieved, "I was wrong. I shouldn't have cracked under a bit of criticism. I just feared failure so much, I did something really stupid. It won't happen again."
At Evelina's tears, the other team members began to speak up, "Come on, Captain. She's apologized. Let's not hold a grudge."
"Yeah, Captain, we won in the end. If Evelina hadn't left, the substitute wouldn't have had a chance. How else could we have won this match?"
Alaric felt that familiar sense of helplessness. He was so frustrated!
Lucian turned to Lemira, "What do you think?"
Lemira was surprised Lucian would ask her opinion, but she said, "I think, since Evelina has apologized, what more do you want? Alaric, you're being petty. Evelina's grades dropped so much because of today's match. Can't you see the good in people?" Evelina gritted her teeth on the side. Lemira was clearly provoking, trying to drive a wedge between her and Alaric! When had she become so tough to deal with?
Alaric felt like he was being stabbed in the back! This was totally twisting the facts! It was Evelina's fault in the first place, and he couldn't even complain? Why did it look like he was the one at fault?
He burst out, "Lemira, are you doing this on purpose?"
Lemira's inner smile widened. Yes, she was doing it on purpose. Once, she had been treated like this countless times. "Alaric," she thought, "can't handle it even once?"
As Lemira turned to leave, Lucian called out, "Lemon, I'm officially inviting you to join the team! From now on, we're all in this together. Let's put the past behind us!" Her smile turned even colder.
###Chapter 37
Lemira stood there, her face expressionless as she watched them.
Huh, did they really think she was still the same old Lemira? They never asked for her opinion, just brushed it off as if that was some grand favor to her.
She didn't care anymore.
Alaric, on the other hand, seemed guilty, unable to meet Lemira's eyes, waiting for Lucian to intervene.
Lucian, acting as the head of the family, continued, "Lemmy, after this competition, you've proven your strength. Your place in the team is irreplaceable." With that, Lemira should feel reassured. Evelina's face darkened. She was incredibly resentful.
Despite all her efforts, why was it so easy for Lemira to snatch her place? She might lack natural talent, but her efforts were no less than Lemira's.
Alaric looked at Lemira hopefully; though he didn't speak, he too wished for Lemira to join the team. They had extended an olive branch; surely, Lemira wouldn't stay mad.
Lemira's gaze was icy, "I refuse."
Alaric was taken aback, "Why?"
"I joined the competition because someone disrespected our parents, not because I had any interest in joining the team."
"But you've obviously been practicing in secret, isn't that to come back?"
Lemira hadn't become this good overnight. She must have been secretly training, if not to join the team then what for?
Alaric didn't believe her, staring straight at her.
Lemira, with her clear, cold gaze, replied, "No."
Alaric's heart sank; he couldn't help but say, "Lemira, do I need to apologize personally for you to forgive me?" Lemira stopped in her tracks, "It's not about forgiveness. The world doesn't revolve around the SkyBlaze team."
She loved competing, but wouldn't be confined to SkyBlaze. The message was clear.
"Lemmy, I know I'm the one you hate!" Evelina suddenly shouted, her voice breaking.
Almost everyone turned to look at Evelina.
Evelina walked towards Lemira, her tone submissive, "Alaric really hopes you would join the team. If it's because of my presence that you're upset, I'll leave the team right away. I won't compete with you for the spot!" Lemira was impatient, "You better shut up. My decision not to join is because I don't want to, it has nothing to do with anyone. Stop flattering yourself."
"I knew it, you're still angry because I overreached and took your spot. I thought I could grab the opportunity you didn't want, to prove myself and contribute to the Langston family, but I was too clumsy!" Evelina sniffled, her voice soft and pitiful, tugging people's heartstrings.
Lucian felt sorry for Evelina's sensible demeanor, "Eve, it's Alaric who went too far, making Lemmy upset. It's not your fault."
Alaric felt wronged and even more exasperated but remained indifferent towards Evelina's act of playing the victim. He began to regret letting Evelina join the team. She isn't cut out to build a career with them.
Evelina, seeing Alaric's indifference, took a drastic step. She suddenly pulled out an eyebrow trimmer and pointed it at her wrist, "Lemmy, if I were gone, I wouldn't compete with you for the spot anymore. You can rest assured!"
Lemira stepped back, shocked. Had Evelina lost her mind? Whether she joined the team or not, what was it to her?
Wasn't Evelina the one who least wanted to see her join the team? And now she was resorting to self-harm to pressure her? Was she out of her mind?
Alaric was also frightened, "Eve, calm down. It has nothing to do with you."
Evelina turned her tears into a smile, "Alaric, it's all my fault. Maybe I shouldn't have taken the chance Lemmy didn't want from the beginning, then I wouldn't have made her angry. Anyway, having grown up in the Langston family has been more than enough for me. I'm willing to die satisfied!"
Alaric's heart softened instantly, his previous grievances against Evelina fading away.
###Chapter 38
Lucian was visibly anxious as he looked towards Lemira, "Lemmy, can you really stand by and watch your little sister get hurt like this?"
Alaric furrowed his brows, knowing full well that Evelina's actions were somewhat out of line.
But if Lemira just agreed to join the team, wouldn't this all go away? So, all Lemira had to do was nod her head in agreement.
Lemira responded coolly, "You guys might be missing the point here."
Lucian was baffled, "What do you mean?"
"First off, I made it clear. My refusal to join the team is simply because I don't like it, and it has nothing to do with any of you. Secondly, Evelina resorting to self-harm to pressure me, how is that any different from me self-harming to force King to marry me?" Her sarcasm hit right on the mark.
The teammates who wanted to chime in all suddenly shut their mouths, realizing she might have a point.
Alaric couldn't help but speak up, "No matter what, Eve is family."
Even though Evelina was terrible at gaming and lacked any sense of responsibility, she was still just a girl at the end of the day.
"Does that have anything to do with me? Whether Evelina chooses self-harm or even suicide, it's none of my business. Stop trying to guilt-trip me!"
"Lemira, her dad once saved your life. How can you provoke her like this!" Alaric was furious, intending to slap Lemira across the face.
Lemira was caught off guard; she never expected Alaric would actually hit her! Except for Caspian, who tended to be violent, none of her other brothers had ever laid a hand on her.
But this slap never landed on her face.
Orion was there, blocking Lucian's hand, his expression stern, "According to the Child Protection Act, this is already the second instance of violence. According to the law, the victim can call the police and request a restraining order."
Lemira turned, staring at him in shock. How did he get here?
Alaric gritted his teeth, "And who might you be? This is a family matter, and you, a stranger, have no right to interfere!"
Lucian recognized Orion but was surprised to see him here.
Orion spoke calmly, "Even a stranger like me can't stand by and watch. That says a lot about how out of line you guys are."
His gaze was icy, dismayed at their repeated attempts to harm her. He was barely holding back.
Lucian frowned, "Dr. Everhart, you misunderstand. This time it's different."
"How's it different? Your adopted sister is holding everyone back, disappearing when needed most, relying on Lemira, the real sister, to step in and win the game, earning the opponents' respect and apologies. And instead of treating her right, you choose to lay hands on her?"
Lucian was at a loss for words, suddenly realizing Alaric's behavior towards Lemira was indeed out of line.
He looked at Lemira with a hint of guilt, "Lemmy, I didn't mean it like that. I just didn't want Eve to impulsively harm herself!"
Lemira pressed her lips together.
Orion's tone was mocking, "So, to prevent your adopted sister from getting hurt, you choose to harm your real sister? What kind of fricking logic is that!" Lucian's guilt deepened; he turned to Alaric, "You better apologize to Lemmy! Who gave you the right to hit her?"
Lucian himself was shocked by Alaric's action. Alaric stood frozen, guiltily hiding his hand.
He hadn't expected to actually go through with the slap, looking guiltily towards Lemira, "I was just so angry hearing what you said. That's why I did it."
He wasn't sure why he had such a strong reaction, acting impulsively as if scolding her was an everyday occurrence.
After all, Lemira never held grudges for his past excesses.
This time should be no different, right? At least he wouldn't do it again.
Lemira's heart aching, her eyes bore sarcasm, "So what now?"
She realized that she had always been a doormat in Alaric's eyes, which was why he had taken her for granted.
"An apology should come with the right attitude."
Orion took Lemira's hand and fiercely slapped Alaric in return.
###Chapter 39
The slap sent Lemira's palm tingling with numbness!
She stared at Orion in shock, his figure suddenly loomed larger than life. She hadn't expected him to grab her hand and personally deliver a slap to Alaric's face. Silence enveloped the room.
Evelina couldn't help but feel a twinge of satisfaction seeing Alaric get slapped. This surely meant Alaric would never forgive Lemira now.
Alaric's eyes reddened, his voice laced with disbelief, "Lemira! You actually dared to hit me?"
Was she not afraid of him getting mad, cutting her off forever?
Lemira slowly retracted her hand, not going to lie, it felt kind of exhilarating. She spoke coolly, "You hit me first, now I'm returning the favor. Any problems?"
"But I'm your brother! I was stopping you from making a grave mistake with your words! How's that the same?"
Alaric always had a strong sense of pride. Even though he had apologized, he never imagined Lemira would slap him back! It felt like a blow to his ego.
Orion's lips curled with a hint of mockery, "May I ask, what exactly did she say that spelled such a disaster you're speaking of?"
Alaric glanced at Evelina, justifying boldly, "Eve was emotional just now. What if she got triggered by Lemira's words and actually did something to harm herself?"
He believed he was not wrong. It was Lemira who was too indifferent, lacking familial warmth. Even though she won some contest, it didn't give her the right to hurt family!
Orion's gaze shifted to Evelina, his eyes cold, "We've been talking for so long. If you're planning on killing yourself, why haven't you done it yet? Who are you waiting to perform for?" Evelina choked on his words; the school doctor's comments were brutally sharp.
She never actually wanted to die. But when did Lemira get so close to this sharp-tongue doctor?
Evelina felt awkward at the moment, holding onto the blade, not sure whether to proceed or stop.
She reverted to her old tactics, her eyes red, "I-I was just panicked, trying to make..."
"If you're that desperate, you could've found a secluded spot to die, but using suicide to manipulate others into doing what you want is where you're wrong!"
Evelina was genuinely taken aback and started crying for real this time, not an act.
Lemira was just tired, glancing at Orion, "Let's leave." She didn't want to waste more time here.
Lucian frowned, "Where are you going?"
"Where I'm going is my business."
"But you're a minor, and as your guardian, I have the right to know your whereabouts. And you can't just leave with some guy!"
Lucian eyed Orion warily. Had his little sister changed so much lately because of this man's influence?
Alaric stepped in Lemira's path, "Lucian's right. You're still young, don't get swayed by some sweet-talking guy outside."
Lucian stared down Orion, "If you dare to take Lemira away by force, I'll call the cops immediately, accusing you of abducting a minor."
Lemira grew irritated, "It's not abduction if I choose to leave."
She no longer wanted to stay with the Langstons. It's suffocating.
Lucian looked at her, "Lemmy, I know you're going through a rebellious phase, and nothing I say gets through to you, but you'll understand one day I'm doing this for your own good!"
Orion snorted, "Doing what's best for Lemira by making her compromise and retreat every time? Letting her be mistreated and expecting her to understand? You guys wouldn't want this kind of 'good' for yourselves, would you?" Lucian found himself at a loss for words. He now realized he had neglected Lemira because she had always been compliant and silent, thinking she wouldn't take it to heart.
But she always took it to heart. He hadn't fulfilled his role as a guardian.
Suddenly, the police arrived, accompanied by a lawyer.
The lawyer spoke first, "I represent Ms. Langston. Given the repeated instances of violence from her family, we've submitted evidence. Now, she'll go to a place she deems safe under police escort." Lemira was surprised; she hadn't hired a lawyer. Could it have been Orion who arranged it for her?
###Chapter 40
Orion glanced down at her for a brief moment, his gaze calm and steady, which brought a sense of peace to Lemira. Alaric, however, was furious, "What do you mean by that? We're her guardians. What right do you have to do this?"
The lawyer blocked Alaric's path, "Sir, Lemira has filed for a restraining order for her safety. You're now required to stay away from Lemira for six months. If you attempt anything that could harm her, you'll be facing legal action!" Alaric was so shocked he couldn't utter a word, a mix of rage and guilt washing over him.
Lucian felt a wave of defeat. It was only then he truly realized he might lose his sister.
He spoke softly, "Lemmy, Lucian wasn't good enough before, and I let you down. But I promise, it'll be different from now on. Can't you just drop this, please?"
Lemira slowly raised her head, her eyes clear, "I think it's better this way."
It wasn't necessary anymore. After she spoke, she turned and left.
Lucian felt a knot in his throat, his eyes slightly misty. He had indeed hurt Lemira. She now refused to believe his words, nor was she willing to return to the Langston family!
Alaric's eyes instantly reddened as he watched Lemira walk away. How could she leave? How could she walk away from the Langstons? She was their sister.
Alaric, in a panic, turned to Lucian, "Lucian, think of something, she can't just leave! We're family!"
Without Lemira, what about the championship finals?
Lucian managed a bitter smile, "Knowing that, why did you hit her in the first place?"
Alaric was instantly speechless. Indeed, he was the first to strike!
Now, Alaric regretted his impulsiveness. But it was all because Evelina threatened to hurt herself with a blade!
Alaric turned to Evelina, his tone accusatory, "Why would you do something so dangerous?"
All of this was because of Evelina.
"Alaric, I just wanted to cool Lemmy's temper so she'd join the team. I did it all for you."
Evelina felt guilty but wouldn't admit it.
Alaric found it laughable, "You think self-harm would calm her down? You were clearly guilt-tripping her!"
Evelina's expression froze. How Alaric had suddenly become wise?
Lucian tried to ease the tension, "Come on, Alaric, ease up a bit."
"Lucian, it's true. I never asked Evelina to hurt herself to persuade Lemira to join the team. She acted on her own, leading to all this mess!"
Alaric thought it over and it didn't sit right with him.
Evelina, looking pitiable, said, "I'm sorry, Alaric. I was being too stupid. I was desperate and could only think of that. I know I was wrong and shouldn't have done that. I'll apologize to Lemmy and clear things up." Seeing Evelina's genuine apology, Alaric softened, "Alright, just don't do anything like this again."
But the image of Lemira's departing figure weighed heavily on him.
Evelina turned to smiles, reverting to the obedient and cheerful sister. But deep down, she loathed Lemira.
Today, she thought her act would win Alaric back and drive a wedge between Lemira and Alaric. If not for that school doctor's meddling!
Evelina's eyes darted around as she said, "Lucian, what's going on between Lemmy and that school doctor?"
Lucian's face was a mix of complexity, "I'm not sure."
"I'm worried Lemmy might be getting conned. After all, the Langston family is wealthy and influential. Some lowly school doctor might be trying to climb the social ladder through Lemmy." Alaric frowned, "That school doctor dares to scheme?"
Lucian's eyes turned cold, "I'll bring her back and make that doctor disappear from Lyria." The Langston family wasn't to be trifled with.
Evelina's eyes flickered. Without that doctor to advise, Lemira would revert to the vulnerable girl they once knew.
Soon, the people sent to find them reported back, "Mr. Lucian Langston, we couldn't locate Ms. Langston or the doctor."
It was then Lucian began to panic. Lemira was missing?
###Chapter 41
At that moment, Lemira sat in the car with Orion, her gaze drifting over the stream of vehicles around them. She couldn't help but worry aloud, "Lucian is definitely going to send people to look for me. He might even cause trouble for you at school." After all, this was Langston territory. This was precisely why she had been holding back, hoping to leave after the exam.
Lemira felt guilty for dragging Orion into her mess.
The man couldn't help but pat her head, "Don't worry, they won't find you. What you need to think about now is: where will you stay?"
Lemira sighed, "Guess I'll have to rent a place."
It's something she had thought about but never had the chance to act on. She almost wished Lucian had kicked her out earlier so she wouldn't have to worry about all it. "I know a place that's up for rent."
Lemira didn't ask any more questions and followed him to the apartment complex.
It's a nice place. As she stepped into the apartment, she couldn't help but comment on the interior, "This place must be expensive, right? I'm pretty broke at the moment!" "Money's not an issue. It belongs to a friend of mine. He's not living here anyway. You live here to help him house-sit. Technically, if we get down to it, he should be paying you."
Orion stood in front of the living room's floor-to-ceiling windows, lean and nonchalant.
Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "Is this actually your place?"
"No, mine's next door."
Lemira was momentarily taken aback, "That's quite a coincidence, isn't it?"
He smiled casually, "Otherwise, I wouldn't rest assured with you living anywhere else. After all, I'm the one who coaxed you into leaving." Lemira felt her cheeks warm up. Coaxed her? It's surprising to hear such words from someone who usually was cool and spoke so little. Orion, realizing his words might have been a bit much, quickly changed the subject, "Just stay here for now, don't worry about anything else." Lemira nodded, "Alright, but I still need to pay rent. I can sleep on the couch and won't mess up your friend's place or touch his stuff." Orion frowned, "You don't have to sleep on the couch. He's never stayed here; the guy's loaded and clueless, don't worry about it." Lemira smiled, "Then you two must be really good friends." Only true friends could talk about each other like that.
Orion glanced at the time, "How about playing some games now?"
"Sure."
Lemira followed him to the neighboring apartment and found it was identical in layout.
Orion's place seemed sparse. However, the study had two computers with pretty impressive setups.
As Lemira launched the game, she saw the homepage displaying a live game she had played earlier, with a twelve-hit combo. The title even mentioned K's protégé making a comeback.
She felt a bit guilty. After all, in her previous life, she hadn't managed the twelve-hit combo in the playoff, nor had she ever met the legend.
Orion glanced at her, "When did you learn to pull off a twelve-hit combo in the game?"
Lemira panicked. How was she supposed to explain? Could she really tell him it was something she learned in her past life?
After all, mastering K's twelve-hit combo was challenging; many had tried to replicate it from videos without success.
Lemira licked her lips, "Actually, I'm K's huge fan. I've admired him since I was little and secretly practiced his signature move. I never succeeded before, but somehow, I managed it during the competition." Orion's look was complex, "You've liked him since you were little?"
"Y-Yeah, always been a big fan, so I'm familiar with his moves."
Lemira was unsure, but it's the best explanation she had. She was indeed an admirer of the legend, so it wasn't a lie.
She sneaked a look at Orion, who seemed a bit awkward as he stiffly replied, "Don't fall for someone so easily."
Lemira was surprised, "But this is different."
After all, it was the legend K. Anyone who played the game admired him!
###Chapter 42
Orion watched the video of the girl pulling off a twelve-hit combo, his gaze softening significantly.
Years had gone by, and she was the only one who had managed it.
Together in the game, they teamed up with a chemistry that made clearing instance dungeons seem effortless.
Orion paused and asked, "Ever played as a Warrior?"
"No, I've mostly been a Gunner."
"You could switch classes, give Warrior a try. Might suit you better."
Lemira's pupils shrank as she heard it. In her past life, someone had told her the same thing, urging her to play as a Warrior.
But back then, all she wanted was to be a Gunner; after all, Alaric's team needed one.
A wave of excitement washed over Lemira. Could Orion possibly be the person she met in her past life?
She had never gotten the chance to meet him in person, to thank him, and it remained one of her regrets.
Orion asked, "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Nothing, do you have someone you like?"
"No, why do you ask? Do you?"
Orion narrowed his eyes slightly, wary of her falling into young love.
Looking at the computer screen, Lemira said, "Kind of." The online love from her past life that had never come to fruition. If only she could meet him in this life.
She remembered the time and place she had met him in her past life; perhaps it's destined to happen then.
Orion's voice was a bit muffled, "Kid, your priority should be studying, not dating."
"I know, I guess I'll think about it after exams."
She had met him after exams in her past life.
Orion felt agitated, the hassle of young love. He shut off the computer, "After dinner, you need to hit the books, cut down on gaming time." More homework might keep her from getting distracted. After tackling two sets of exam papers, Lemira was mentally exhausted.
Preparing for a shower and then bed, she suddenly realized she had brought no change of clothes or toiletries. Torn, she decided to go out and buy some essentials.
Just as she was leaving, Orion opened the door, looking down at her, "Where are you going this late?"
Lemira felt like she was caught red-handed by a parent.
"I need to buy some toiletries and pajamas," she immediately replied.
Orion's expression froze for a moment before he closed the door, "Let's go." He had no experience caring for kids and hadn't thought this through.
Most shops were closed by then.
Lemira ended up only buying toiletries; pajamas and slippers were nowhere to be found.
Orion, expressionless, was not in the best of moods. Back at the apartment, he immediately called Thaddeus, "What's with the apartment you arranged? Why are there no essentials?" "Man, you gave me half an hour to sort that place out. Didn't have time for essentials. And going out to buy those could've been a bonding moment for you two."
Orion was used to being taken care of. He rarely bothered with these kinds of details.
Thaddeus sounded skeptical, "Don't tell me you forgot and ended up going out in the middle of the night?"
Orion gritted his teeth, "You can shut up now."
He hung up directly, feeling a bit embarrassed as he glanced at the wardrobe. Orion grabbed a pair of his own slippers and a clean men's shirt, and then knocked on the neighboring door. After a while, a soft voice from inside said, "Coming."
Lemira opened the door, her hair still damp, dripping water down her clothes.
Orion's gaze inadvertently wandered before he walked in. Lemira instinctively stepped back, tripping over her own feet and tumbling toward the ground.
Embarrassment flooded her mind. But she fell into a warm chest, the sound of his heartbeat in her ears.
###Chapter 43
Lemira nestled into his embrace, her expression a mix of dazed and silly.
Orion looked down, his gaze landing on her smooth forehead, her damp hair dripping between them, spreading the wetness to her clothes, making them slightly see-through.
He cleared his throat, letting her go, "The clothes are brand new, never worn. The shoes, well, you'll have to make do for today."
Lemira saw the clothes he placed in the foyer and blushed, "Thanks."
Orion, seeing her unguarded demeanor, couldn't help but nag, "Don't just open the door to anyone at night."
"Because I knew it had to be you knocking."
Her gaze was steady and calm. Orion met her eyes, and then quickly looked away, awkwardly saying, "Just remember to double lock the door."
Lemira stood at the doorway, her lips curling up slightly as she looked back at the unfamiliar room, ready to start her new life.
While charging her phone on the bed, she noticed dozens of missed calls, almost all from Lucian. There was also a call from Alaric, but it had only rung three times before he hung up. Opening her messages, she saw Lucian's texts, "Lemmy, where are you? Stop being mad, okay? Come back, and I'll make Alaric apologize to you!
Lemmy, you know you can't hide for long in Lyria. If Asher finds out, it won't end well.
Lemmy, we're family, aren't we? Can't you forgive us?"
As Lemira read these, her gaze grew colder.
Unforgivable!
The next day, she went to school.
Lemira and Orion took a cab to school together. She glanced back at him, "I'll head to class first."
Orion watched her safely enter the school before turning away.
A luxury car drove by, and Thaddeus leaned out, "The Langstons were going mad looking for her last night, too bad they ran into us. Otherwise, Lemira wouldn't have been able to hide or escape." The Langstons weren't to be underestimated. Orion's lips pressed into a thin line, lost in thought.
Meanwhile, Lemira went straight to her classroom. But as soon as she reached the doorway, screams erupted, "Lemira's here! She's the one who scored a twelve-hit combo in yesterday's match!" "Oh my God, what's her relationship with the legendary King? I'm so curious!"
"My idol, can we take a selfie with you?"
Lemira didn't expect such a crowd and nodded awkwardly, "Sure."
Suddenly, everyone crowded around her, some even asking for autographs. The classroom entrance was bustling, surrounded by people.
Evelina arrived at the classroom entrance, sour at the sight of Lemira being the center of attention.
Despite having over a hundred thousand followers online and being far more famous than Lemira, these clueless fools irritated her!
Unable to stand it, Evelina stepped forward.
Putting on a show of concern, Evelina spoke, "Lemmy, you didn't come home last night. Where were you? Lucian was worried sick. Even if you're mad, you shouldn't joke about your safety." Lemira knew Evelina would stir trouble.
Her lackey chimed in, "Eve, Lemira's just ungrateful. Thinking she's all that after winning the match, acting out and leaving home." Another lackey scoffed, "I bet Lemira and that doctor are dating. She's shacking up with him, already s*** men at her age."
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "No wonder everyone says you two have the foulest mouths. Now I see it for myself."
Noticing something, Evelina quickly added, "Lemmy, I'm so jealous you have family worried about you, and yet you're acting so recklessly. It's just wrong."
"Are we close? Cut the act. No one here's watching your drama. Doesn't it tire you?"
"Lemira, how can you talk like that? Eve was worried sick about you too. You're clearly in the wrong here. Are we not supposed to mention it?"
###Chapter 44
Alaric came over too, his expression a tangled web of emotions as he looked at Lemira. He didn't have to drop Evelina off at school today, but for some reason, he ended up doing so anyway. After all, he knew Lemira would definitely be at school today.
He hadn't slept a wink last night. He actually received a restraining order from her. What was all that about?
Seeing Alaric show up didn't surprise Lemira, "Isn't Evelina often out late with you guys, anyway?"
Evelina's eyes reddened, looking aggrieved, "Lemmy, how could you say that?"
"Lemira, what nonsense are you spouting? Eve is my sister! Apologize to her now!"
Lemira's gaze was cold, "She started it, I'm just returning the favor."
Evelina's voice was shaky with sobs, "I-I didn't mean it like that, you misunderstood."
Alaric's temper, barely contained, flared up again, "Lemira, look at what you've turned into. Weren't you with the school doctor last night? That's the truth!"
Lemira looked at him silently, her gaze tranquil.
After Alaric had spoken, he immediately regretted it, but with so many eyes on him, he didn't offer an explanation.
Lemira found it ridiculous, "That's none of your business."
She turned and walked towards the classroom.
"Hold on, what do you mean it's none of our business? You're getting too bold, just because you won a spot in the match. Why so gloating?"
Lemira just scoffed, without turning back. Sitting at her desk, she completely ignored everyone outside.
Alaric, watching Lemira's distant demeanor, felt a fire burning inside him. But he dared not do too much, especially since he was restrained and shouldn't even be at school.
Seeing the situation, Evelina said intentionally, "Alaric, it's my fault for asking Lemmy too many questions, making her upset. But I was just worried she'd do something foolish in a fit of anger." "I know, you meant well, but she doesn't appreciate it."
Alaric was frustrated, "Lemira's become so temperamental, she listens to no one, it's like she's a completely different person. What does she want us to do to make her happy?"
A sneer flickered in Evelina's eyes. Lemira had been distancing herself for a while now, and he was just realizing something was off?
To her, that was good news for sure. Changing the subject, she said, "What about the school doctor, Alaric? What are you planning to do?"
"Make that man pay, of course!" Alaric headed straight for the principal's office. This situation needed to be resolved.
After achieving her aim, Evelina went back to the classroom.
Passing by Lemira, she whispered, "Alaric's gone to see the principal."
Lemira's expression changed, knowing she had inadvertently caused trouble for Orion. She stood up, but then the teacher walked in, "Let's start the class." Lemira had no choice but to sit down again.
Throughout the lesson, she was distracted. When the class finally ended, Lemira stepped out to call Orion, worried.
Orion picked up quickly, his voice calm, "What's up?"
"Alaric went to see the principal. You might be in trouble, but don't worry, I'll explain everything."
"Kid, you don't need to worry about adult stuff!" His tone was confident, even arrogant.
Lemira almost thought she had heard wrong. After all, Orion was usually reserved and cool, the introverted type.
But somehow, she believed him. After hanging up, Lemira returned to her seat, focusing on her revision. With just over a month until the exams, freedom was in sight.
After school, Lemira packed her bag, planning to visit the infirmary. But at the classroom door, she saw Lucian holding a giant teddy bear.
Lemira stopped in her tracks.
Lucian approached her, "Lemmy, you were amazing in the playoff, so I got you this gift. Congratulations, and I look forward to your performance in the finals." The finals?
###Chapter 45
Lemira gazed at the teddy bear, never having agreed to participate in the final showdown.
Ah, yes, this teddy bear was once her favorite brand. Super Teddy was a limited edition, hard to come by.
In her past life, she had managed to snag one, but only because Evelina needed a teddy bear for a giveaway during her livestream, Alaric had pressured her into giving the bear to Evelina.
Eventually, the bear was handed over to a so-called fan, who turned out to be a creep, dismembering the teddy and hiding dead rats inside before sending it back.
Looking at this bear, Lemira felt as if she was seeing the tragic end of her previous life. She had tried to forget all about it, but it always resurfaced.
One of Lemira's fans nearby asked, "Is Lemira really going to the finals? But I heard she's not on the team roster!"
Lucian, with a gentle demeanor, replied, "The list hasn't been updated yet. Lemmy is a Langston, how could she miss the team competition? Besides, the finals are after the exams, so it won't affect her studies." "How does Lemira manage to excel in both her studies and gaming?"
"I'm so jealous Lemira has so many brothers! And they're all so nice to her!"
Hearing these words, Lemira couldn't help but feel the irony. Stabbed countless times, and now they thought a teddy bear could make everything alright?
Lemira's expression was cold, "Lucian, I don't like teddy bears anymore, you don't know that?"
Lucian's face stiffened, "I-I'm sorry. I remember you used to love it."
"That was then. I'm in high school now; my interests have obviously changed."
After Lemira's remark, Lucian looked even more discomforted. He felt even guiltier, realizing he hadn't been a good enough brother to know that she had outgrown her fondness for teddy bears.
Evelina stepped in, saying, "Lucian, you're always so busy with work and taking care of your siblings, it's normal to not remember everything. At least you remember what Lemmy likes. I have no family left to remember what I like. How I envy Lemmy for having a family that cares." Lucian understood Evelina was giving him an out, and his heart softened. Lemira always felt he was biased, but Evelina's sensibility made it hard not to treat her well.
He said, "Eve, you're a Langston, too. I remember what you like, and I'll surprise you too."
Evelina looked genuinely surprised and touched, and then turned to Lemira, "You should accept this gift. What you don't want might be something others can only dream of getting."
Lemira glared at Evelina. So, she wanted to take everything from her?
Hmph. Lemira grabbed the teddy bear and thrust it into Evelina's arms, "Now you have it."
After doing so, she turned and walked away.
Late concern was worth less than nothing. She wouldn't be swayed by these small gestures.
"Lemira, where are you going?" Lucian hurried after her, "I know you've been wronged all this time. I was too caught up in work and neglected your feelings. I promise it won't happen again."
Lemira only felt sorry for all the sacrifices she did in her past life. Indeed, the squeaky wheel got the grease, but she wasn't after any consolation prize.
Lemira remained calm, "Let it be. Stop following me."
Lucian stepped in front of her, "No, you have to come back with me today. You can't go with that school doctor. I talked to the principal today about you and Alaric. I've already made him move out, so we're not breaking any rules, and you won't be in any danger."
###Chapter 46
Lemira's face was a shade darker than usual. She had a hunch this was going to happen.
"Lemmy, I'm your guardian, not that school doctor. The school's already buzzing with rumors. I can have you stay home to prepare for your exams."
Lemira's eyelids drooped, masking her flash of anger. Her voice came out hoarse, "So this is what you meant by not letting me feel wronged?"
Lucian felt helpless, "I'm doing all this for your own good! Family squabbles are nothing serious. Can't we just resolve it peacefully? Running away from home just to force our hand?" That same line again, "for your own good"? Then why, in her past life, was she abandoned and met such a tragic end!
Lemira marched ahead, her sole motivation now the countdown to her exams. She couldn't trouble Orion, although today had gone smoothly. But if Lucian got serious, that could change. Once she's in the car, she texted Orion. [Heading home now, catch up later.]
Seeing her get in the car, Lucian finally relaxed.
It seemed Lemira was indeed just throwing a tantrum. He had shown a bit of weakness today, and she had taken the bait. Looked like he needed to show more care towards Lemira in the future, to avoid her feeling neglected compared to Evelina.
Back at the Langston residence, Lemira got out of the car first, ignoring everyone else.
Lucian watched her go, sighing in resignation.
Evelina, struggling to get out of the car with a teddy bear in her arms, said, "Lucian, I'm sure Lemmy will understand your intentions eventually."
Catching sight of Evelina's docile look with her teddy bear, he couldn't help but respond, "If only she could be as understanding and well-behaved as you, I'd be over the moon." Evelina looked down, her expression the picture of obedience.
---
At dinner, Alaric was nowhere to be seen; only Lucian and Evelina were present.
Lemira quietly finished her meal, planning to retreat to her room. She noticed Lucian clutching his stomach, seeming uncomfortable.
She knew Lucian had always had a weak stomach, needing constant care and medication. But in her past life, despite her diligent care, she couldn't compare to a simple bowl of soup Evelina made. She'd never forget how Lucian had discarded her nutritious meal for Evelina's soup, his face alight with gratitude.
Determined, Lemira pretended not to see and left the dining room.
Upon her departure, Lucian watched her go, a sense of loss in his heart. Previously, any sign of discomfort from him would have had Lemira fussing over him in concern.
He bore the pain, assuming Lemira no longer concerned about him. It felt as if his heart had been slashed, and he too left the dining room, his steps unsteady.
Evelina remained in the dining room, sensing a shift in Lucian's attitude towards her. This wouldn't do; she needed to find a way to mend fences.
Back in her room, Lemira thought of Lucian's evident pain. She forced herself not to overthink. Lucian didn't need her concern, not with Evelina's soup at his disposal. Pulling out her phone, she messaged Orion. [Did my brother give you a hard time at school today?]
The next second, Orion called, his voice cool, "I brought out evidence of their bullying and had a lawyer present. What could go wrong?"
Lemira chuckled, no wonder Alaric had been sent away.
"Kid, if they bully you again, I'll come get you right away."
Biting her lip, Lemira asked, "Why are you so good to me?" She regretted the question immediately.
###Chapter 47
It almost seemed like she thought Orion had a thing for her.
Holding her phone, Lemira found herself reminiscing about her online relationship from a past life.
To be precise, it was unrequited love since she never confessed her feelings, and he never hinted at liking her either.
But his presence had been a faint light in her otherwise dim and sorrowful life, offering her warmth throughout.
This felt eerily similar to how Orion made her feel. Yet, she couldn't shake off the uncertainty about whether Orion was indeed the person from her past life.
Orion's slender fingers twitched slightly, "Stepping in when seeing injustice is just what I do, does it need a reason? I mean, if I see an old lady trying to cross the street, I'd help her across without a second thought." Lemira managed a smile, but a sense of loss lingered deep within. She tried to keep the mood light, "After my exams, I'll officially be moving out of the Langston mansion."
"Feel free to move in next door!"
After hanging up, Lemira felt surprisingly uplifted as she took her shower and even practiced a set of exam questions before bed.
The final mock exam was just around the corner.
She was eager to see how much she had improved and whether she stood a chance at getting into Orvin University! Being in the top ten of her school would likely secure her a spot. The next day, Lemira went about her usual school routine.
She noticed Evelina bringing a bowl of soup to Lucian, placing it beside him, "Lucian, the butler told me you weren't feeling well, so I made you some soup. It should help you feel better." Evelina also made sure to show off a burn on her hand.
At the sight of this, Lucian's heart softened, "You got hurt? You didn't have to do this, let the servants handle it next time."
"Lucian, you do so much for us, for this family. It's the least I can do."
Evelina flashed a sweet, harmless smile. Lucian felt a surge of relief and glanced at Lemira unwittingly, hoping she'd notice his discomfort now.
Lemira caught sight of the soup and couldn't help but scoff inwardly. So the soup finally made its appearance!
With little appetite, Lemira simply stood up and walked away, never asking a single question.
Lucian felt a wave of disappointment. Was Lemira really not going to ask? Or did she simply not care about him at all anymore?
Evelina quickly reassured him, "Lucian, Lemmy does care about you. She's just a little upset right now."
"I hope so."
Lucian wanted to believe that Lemira was just acting out over something trivial, not ready to sever ties with the family completely. Without Lemira's concern, he felt a profound discomfort. Evelina, satisfied with her manipulation, followed suit and left for school.
The butler commented from the sidelines, "Mr. Lucian Langston, it's really too bad Ms. Langston didn't even ask how you were feeling."
Lucian's mood slightly lifted as he saw the soup, grateful for Evelina's thoughtfulness.
He took a sip, but instead of feeling better, his stomach pain worsened. Frowning, he remembered the nutritious meals Lemira used to prepare, which always seemed to alleviate his discomfort.
He found himself requesting, "Have them prepare one of Lemira's meals she's done before."
The butler looked troubled, "Those meals were always personally prepared by Ms. Langston."
"It's just a meal; how hard can it be?" Lucian grumbled, feeling the pain intensify.
A maid nearby explained, "Mr. Lucian Langston, I heard Ms. Langston would prepare the rice for those meals a day in advance. She'd get up early to ensure all ingredients were fresh. The cooking sequence and timing were crucial; even a slight deviation could ruin it. She got the recipe from an old doctor. None of us learned how to make it, so all those years Ms. Langston was the one who always prepared these meals!"
Hearing this, Lucian inexplicably felt an unexpected pang of distress.
###Chapter 48
He covered his face with his hand, realizing for the first time the extent of Lemira's sacrifices. He had been oblivious, underestimating the efforts behind her actions.
Lucian felt a pang of regret. He had taken Lemira for granted, unaware of her silent contributions.
He had failed as a brother.
Lemira wasn't just being petulant; she had been deeply wronged. She was hurt!
Turning to the butler, Lucian commanded, "Bring me the gifts Lemmy gave to Evelina as an apology last time."
The butler was taken aback, "But weren't those gifts from Ms. Langston to Ms. Sterling as an apology? Mr. Lucian Langston, if you take them back, wouldn't that be unfair to Ms. Sterling? She already feels like an outsider in the Langston family. If you do this, how can Ms. Sterling feel secure here?
You can't possibly soften because of a simple meal, Mr. Lucian Langston. Ms. Sterling even made you soup and got injured in the process."
After a moment of contemplation, remembering Evelina's injury, Lucian softened.
"Alright, just bring back the gift I sent. Leave the rest," he decided. He needed to initiate change at least.
That evening, after dinner, Lemira locked herself in her room and didn't come out. Soon, there was a knock, and Lucian's voice followed, "Lemmy, it's me."
Lemira opened the door, her expression indifferent, "What is it?"
"Here you are."
Lemira saw a box containing an emerald necklace, familiar to her.
Wasn't this the apology gift she had given Evelina? What was Lucian implying?
With guilt in his voice, Lucian explained, "Lemmy, I know I've let you down before. I've taken the necklace back. I'll get a new one for Eve as compensation, but this one means something different to you. It shouldn't have been given away."
Lucian had been filled with regret, especially after their recent gathering. He admitted his lack of consideration.
Lemira was stunned. She hadn't expected Lucian to return the necklace!
How unusual! In her previous life, she had never gotten these back until her died.
Lowering her eyelids, she replied calmly, "Not necessary. There's no taking back what's already been given."
"Lemmy, please accept it. I won't feel right otherwise. Consider it my way of making amends."
How was this a way of making amends? A harsh treatment followed by a sweet consolation?
Noticing Evelina hiding in a corner with her peripheral vision, Lemira raised her voice on purpose, "Lucian, I have to criticize you for this. The gift was willingly given to Evelina. How can you just take it back without reason? You're hurting Evelina's feelings. Don't you think, Evelina?"
Turning to see Evelina was there, Lucian felt guilty for not consulting her first.
Evelina had to step forward, "Lemmy, the gifts were always meant to be temporarily kept by me. I'm glad they're returning to their rightful owner. After all, I have no right to such valuable gifts; I've always known my place."
Her sincerity was palpable. Yet, after speaking, Evelina turned to leave, wiping away tears, visibly upset.
Lucian panicked, "Eve?"
Lemira leaned against the door, "Lucian, you should go comfort her."
Lucian pressed his lips, "Lemira, I was sincerely apologizing to you. But why did you have to say those things and hurt Eve?
I admit my favoritism has caused you to feel neglected, but Eve hasn't done anything wrong! Her father saved your life; don't forget that!"
Lemira's smile was tinged with bitterness.
Indeed, nothing had changed. She had almost let herself believe otherwise.
###Chapter 49
Lemira raised an eyebrow, her gaze bold and piercing.
"I remember very clearly," she uttered. And she would never forget.
With that, Lemira shut the door, not wanting to say another word.
Lucian stood outside, looking down at the necklace in his hands, thinking about what he had just said. Instantly, he regretted it.
But Lemira's words had also been deliberately provoking.
She was smart enough to know what he meant. Was she still angry? Lucian stared at the closed door, thinking, "Lemira, what am I going to do with you?" Lemira was in a bad mood. She shouldn't have been hopeful, thinking her brothers would suddenly develop a conscience and come to her, crying and apologizing. But she had thought too much. She had underestimated Evelina's place in Lucian's heart.
After all, Lucian was moved to tears just by Evelina making him a bowl of a plain soup, while her years of cooking nutritious meals were treated like trash, worthless.
She decided to withdraw all her efforts, refusing to join Alaric's team, no longer cooking for Lucian, and not maintaining Asher's cybersecurity. And the same went for Rowan, Caspian, Evander. She would withdraw from them all.
When Lemira checked the online gaming forum, she saw her recent post on "How to Land a Twelve-combo Hit for Beginners" had gone viral.
Many had saved it, but there were also many who mocked her, calling her arrogant. Lemira didn't respond; she had based her advice on that man's experiences.
She received a private message. Viewing the profile, she found it was from Alaric.
He texted: [Remember when you stole my Boss last time?]
Of course, Lemira remembered. It had been on purpose.
She didn't reply. Alaric sent another message: [How about considering joining a professional team? We can negotiate terms. I see potential in your skills, and being on a team means professional training!] Lemira found it ironic when she read the message.
Alaric finally faced reality, knowing Evelina wasn't reliable and understanding Lemira wouldn't join the competition, so he was recruiting again.
Lemira flatly refused: [I refuse.]
After replying, she logged off.
Alaric, staring at those few words, couldn't help but picture Lemira's face. She always used those same words to refuse him.
Frustrated, Alaric shut off his computer, feeling upset about having to move out because of Lemira.
He regretted hitting her during the last match. But his pride wouldn't let him apologize, as he was used to Lemira, his little sister, always pampering him.
---
Time flew by, and the final mock exam arrived.
Lemira felt confident during her exams and thought she did quite well. She left the classroom early to get some fresh air on the school grounds.
When Lemira returned to the classroom, she saw Evelina crying at her desk, her usual sidekicks nowhere in sight.
"Evelina, stop crying. We all believe you're not the type to cheat."
"Right, the teacher will definitely investigate and clear your name."
"Yeah, Evelina, you usually do well in school; there's no need for you to cheat."
Hearing these conversations, Lemira guessed what had happened.
She had always suspected Evelina of cheating, especially since one of her sidekicks had decent grades.
This incident hadn't occurred in Lemira's past life. Evelina must have lagged behind because of gaming, resorting to desperate measures to keep up her grades.
In her past life, Evelina's cheating had been exposed during exams, resulting in terrible scores, even worse than another lackey.
Later, when the exam results were published and Lemira did well, Evelina claimed her poor performance was due to being emotionally affected by Lemira.
###Chapter 50
Lemira had been enduring her brothers' cold war tactics for ages. Finally, when Caspian suggested she apply to the same college as Evelina, to keep an eye on each other, it seemed like some sort of compensation for influencing Evelina's grades. What kind of reasoning was that?
But in her past life, she never dared to go against her brothers' wishes, so she had no choice but to agree.
As Lemira mused over this, Wendy, one of Evelina's sidekicks, burst into the classroom, confronting Evelina, "It was clearly you who wanted to cheat, so why am I the one getting punished?"
Tears streaming down her face, Evelina responded, "I didn't cheat. Why are you framing me? I didn't ask you to write that note!"
"It's obviously you, Evelina. Why won't you admit it? Weren't we supposed to be friends? Why would you stab me in the back?"
The sidekick practically went crazy for anxiety. With the punishment hanging over her head, how was she going to handle the exam? Evelina, however, managed to look completely innocent, and the people around started blaming the sidekick for slandering her.
Deep down, Evelina was calm. She knew she wouldn't get into trouble. Teachers and classmates would always take her word over others.
In despair, Wendy turned to Lemira, "I finally understand how you feel. Evelina is nothing but a snake, pretending to be a saint but actually a venomous widow!"
Lemira couldn't help but smirk, seeing she finally get it.
Rushing over, Wendy pleaded, "You must know the truth, right? Evelina's grades aren't that great to begin with; I've been doing her homework for her. You must have seen something when you passed our classroom after finishing your exam early. Testify for me!" Lemira had always been at odds with Evelina; surely, she had a way out.
Evelina frowned slightly. Lemira couldn't possibly know, could she?
Lemira coldly pushed the sidekick's hand away, "Everyone knows what Evelina's like on a regular basis. How could you accuse her without any proof?"
Wendy's face turned pale instantly, clearly not expecting Lemira to react this way.
Lemira remained calm. She wasn't a saint. She had suffered enough from the rumors and harm these sidekicks caused in her past life.
Now, it's her turn to taste the bitterness Evelina had once inflicted on Lemira.
Lemira's response made Evelina sigh in relief.
Evelina, playing the victim, said to Wendy, "We're usually so close, which is why I can't stand by and watch you make a mistake. If you just apologize and admit your wrongs to the teacher, I'm sure they'll forgive you this once." Another sidekick chimed in, "Yeah, you can't just go around accusing Eve."
Wendy looked at her and sneered, "Today it's me, tomorrow it'll be you. Watch your back."
The other's face looked awkward, "What nonsense are you spouting? You got caught cheating, and it's not Evelina's job to cover for you."
Wendy raised her voice, "Evelina, you think I don't have proof? I'll expose your grade fraud once and for all and see how you keep up your top student facade!"
Evelina's face went pale. Was she looking for trouble?
The teacher approached, "Wendy, what evidence do you have?"
"I have proof in my phone, Evelina's homework was all done by me, and during the exam, when I passed Evelina the note, Lemira happened to pass by the classroom. She must have seen it." The teacher looked at Lemira, "Did you really see it?"
Lemira pondered for a moment. She hadn't paid much attention, only remembering Evelina looking back.
Was this a golden opportunity landing in her lap? If she said she saw it, would Evelina be doomed?
###Chapter 51
Almost everyone's gaze shifted toward Lemira.
Evelina looked particularly tense, taking the initiative, "Lemmy, you remember how Wendy and others falsely accused you of cheating? You must understand how I feel right now. I know you've never been fond of me, but we're family, right?" Seeing Evelina so anxious, Lemira realized that she, too, could feel fear.
She spoke up calmly, "I do recall Evelina looking back, actually." She was just being honest.
Evelina's eyes instantly filled with tears, "Lemmy, how could you say that? You just said Wendy was lying."
Her sidekick chimed in, "Exactly, we all heard you earlier. Lemira, your story keeps changing. How can anyone believe what you say?"
Lemira replied slowly, "I didn't think much of it at first, but now, it just came back to me."
Evelina was fuming with anger, thinking of Lemira as nothing short of a wretch!
She looked up at the teacher with a face full of misery, "I didn't cheat, I swear. I looked back because I heard Wendy calling me, and she slipped that note onto my desk when I wasn't looking. I had no clue."
The teacher, initially inclined towards Evelina, recalled the past incident where Lemira was falsely accused and started doubting Evelina's character.
The teacher finally said, "Evelina, Wendy, both of you, come to my office."
Lemira remained seated, the chatter about the cheating scandal swirling around her. She simply opened her textbook, curious to see how much she could score.
Soon, the monitor called her out, "The teacher wants to see you in the office."
Lemira had anticipated this and went to the office, only to find Wendy absent. Instead, Lucian was there. Obviously, Evelina had called for help.
With reddened eyes, Evelina looked up at her, "Lemmy, do you really hate me this much? What do I have to do for you to forgive me?" Lemira answered calmly, "I'm just stating what I saw. If I really wanted to get you in trouble, I'd have outright said I saw you cheating!" Evelina's face turned beet red.
Lucian couldn't stand it, scolding Lemira, "Can't you speak properly? Eve is also a part of the Langston family. I thought you'd know better in a situation like this!" Lemira raised her head, "What does you expect me to say, Lucian? That I didn't see anything? Fine, I really didn't see Evelina looking back."
Lucian felt his head hurt, frustrated by her misunderstanding.
The teacher cleared his throat, "Well, I've got the gist of it. Evelina, you're not entirely blameless. You shouldn't have others do your homework or whisper during tests." Lucian interjected, "Eve had others do her homework because she was tied up with family issues, I can vouch for that."
Getting homework help was a minor issue, especially since Evelina had her reasons.
Evelina looked particularly wronged, "Lucian, I had no idea Wendy wanted to frame me for cheating, just because I mentioned the money she owed me."
"Eve, I know you're kind-hearted and like to help the less fortunate students, but even kindness has its limits."
Lucian believed Evelina was innocent, a victim of false accusations.
The teacher concluded, "We'll discuss the outcome of this matter. You can go back to class for now."
Lemira turned and left.
Lucian followed her outside, "Lemmy, how could you testify you saw Eve looking back? What if the teacher decides she's guilty of cheating and punishes her? Have you thought about the consequences?" Lemira stopped, "If Evelina did cheat and is trying to pin it on Wendy, who's not well-off, have you considered what happens to Wendy?"
"It's impossible. Eve wouldn't do something like that."
Lucian almost instinctively defended her.
###Chapter 52
Lemira snorted, feeling no need to respond.
"Lemira, I get that you feel slighted, thinking we favor Evelina over you. But isn't it because her father once saved your life? And she's always been such a sweet and sensible girl. Is it so wrong that we treat her a little better? If you're going to blame anyone, blame me, but leave Evelina out of it!"
Lemira felt her temples throbbing with irritation. She was momentarily speechless.
With a mocking smile, she replied, "I'm blame myself, is that okay?"
Blaming herself for not seeing through the so-called family bond sooner! Lemira stormed off to class.
Lucian stood outside, a picture of helplessness.
He wanted to mend fences with Lemira, but she seemed to be having none of it! How could he make Lemira understand that his strictness came from the fact that she was his actual sister. But not Evelina, which was why he was more lenient with her. It wasn't favoritism!
Evelina approached, "Lucian, I'm sorry. Maybe I should move out to prevent Lemmy from constantly being upset with you guys. I hate to see you and your sister alienated over me."
Lucian managed a weak smile, "Don't be silly, it has nothing to do with you. You don't need to move out. You're my sister, always."
Evelina turned into a smile, "Promise? Pinky swear!"
Lucian looked at Evelina fondly, wishing Lemira could be as understanding.
He said, "You need to focus on your studies, stop having classmates do your homework."
Evelina's face stiffened slightly, "I know I was wrong."
"As long as you learn from your mistakes."
Lucian appreciated Evelina's apologetic demeanor and wished Lemira could take a leaf out of her book.
Back in class, Lemira noticed that Wendy's seat was empty, but she felt no sympathy.
A few days later, the school announced a cheating incident, and Wendy was disciplined. Evelina was also reprimanded in front of the whole class.
After the lecture, the teacher took out the transcript, "The results are in, and I'd like to give special praise to Lemira for making significant progress, securing the tenth spot. Everyone should learn from her. The last period of endeavor surely can make improvement." The classroom buzzed with surprise.
"Wow, Lemira's not just great at video games but her grades are top-notch too."
"Lemira improved so much, there's still hope for me to catch up. I wanna attend the same university with our goddess!"
"How does Lemira manage both gaming and studying without missing a beat?"
Seeing her own progress, Lemira smiled contentedly. Could this mean she had a shot at Orvin University?
The teacher smiled at Lemira, "Why don't you share your secret to improvement for others to learn?" Lemira indeed had better performance as well as academic results.
Lemira, uncharacteristically nervous, stood up, "The reason I improved so much is I had an epiphany. Live for yourself. And, well, pulling all-nighters solving problems helped."
Living for herself, no longer sacrificing for the so-called family. In her past life, she only ended up moving herself.
As Evelina saw Lemira in the spotlight, her face twisted with jealousy. How dare this nobody outshine her!
Watching her test paper, she instantly crushed it into a ball, blaming Wendy, the trull, for getting caught. If not, her grades would've surely improved.
After lunch, Lemira returned to class to find a few love letters in her desk, catching her by surprise.
The monitor leaned in, "Lemira, you're the talk of the town now, e-sports goddess and straight-A student. The heartthrob from the private high school next door has been asking about you, even wanted your contact info." The heartthrob from the private school? Wasn't that Evelina's secret crush?
###Chapter 53
Lemira's thoughts drifted to Dorian Draven, a toff from Wye, the new heartthrob at school who had transferred from Orvin High. Word around was that he had stirred up some trouble at his old school and was laying low here for a while.
Dorian was anything but low-key, though. He drove a fancy sports car, wore designer clothes, and was a hardcore gamer.
Back in her past life, after Evelina took the crown from her in a competition, Dorian had pursued Evelina, and they ended up together.
Lemira chuckled to herself and shoved the love letter into her desk without even bothering to open it. She didn't even mention anything about exchanging contact information. Evelina was green with envy, "Lemmy, why don't you just open it and see?"
"It's not like I haven't gotten one before."
Back when she used to receive love letters, it was in elementary school, before her parents had the accident, and before Evelina had even entered her world.
Evelina felt a pang of discomfort. What was there to be so smug about? Evelina's eyes darkened with resentment.
After all the efforts to bring Lemira down, how had she suddenly changed so much? Was she actually trying to steal Dorian away?
After school, Lemira just packed her bag and left. Evelina lingered for a while, and then went over to Lemira's desk and took all the love letters.
Lemira headed straight for the infirmary.
She wanted to surprise Orion, but he wasn't there. She took out her phone and messaged him. [My grades are out, top ten! I might actually have a shot at getting into Orvin University!] Excited! Orion was the first person she thought of to share this joy with.
After sending the message, Lemira eagerly awaited Orion's reply.
"Lemmy, I heard you did really well this time, congrats."
Lemira saw Lucian standing before her, her smile fading slightly, "It's okay."
Lucian handed her a gift box, "To celebrate your achievement, I picked out something special. Didn't you mention you liked this brand of jewelry?"
Lemira glanced at the gemstone necklace inside the box. Was this supposed to make up for the emerald necklace she had given away?
At the moment, Evelina walked over, noticing the necklace, and struggled to keep her composure.
Evelina said sourly, "That's a beautiful necklace, Lemmy. You should try it on for Lucian to see."
Lemira raised her eyes, "I don't like it."
Lucian looked somewhat awkward, "If you don't like it, I can exchange it for another. Which one do you prefer?"
After Lemira refused the emerald necklace, Lucian had gone out of his way to buy a new one, thinking that should do it.
Lemira could see he was trying to make amends. But the hurt she had suffered couldn't just be erased by a piece of jewelry.
Evelina noticed Lucian's change in attitude; he actually tried to mend fences with Lemira. This was not what she had expected at all.
Evelina quickly said, "Lemmy, Lucian is just a typical guy; how would he know what kind of jewelry girls like? You have no idea how jealous I am!" Lemira looked at her impatiently, "Then you should've made it into the top ten."
Stop whining and playing the damsel in distress!
Evelina's eyes got red immediately, "I didn't do well this time, it's all Wendy's fault. I wouldn't have scored so low otherwise."
Lucian's expression turned awkward, "I know, it's not your fault. Come on, let's go out for a big meal to celebrate."
Quickly changing the subject seemed to be Lucian's best move at the moment.
Evelina's expression stiffened. She hadn't done well, what was there to celebrate? In the end, it's all for Lemira.
She felt a bit annoyed, "Lemmy, how did you improve so much? Is there some secret or shortcut?"
Lemira was emotionless, "The shortcut is focusing on studying instead of gaming."
Eyes reddened, Evelina burst into tears, "But Lemmy, you also got so many love letters."
Lucian immediately asked, "What's going on?"
Evelina said, "Lemmy's popularity at school is sky-high now. People from other schools are even asking around, wanting to get her contact info."
Lucian frowned, remembering Orion's issue, and advised, "Lemmy, you're still young. Studying should be your main focus, don't get distracted by other things."
###Chapter 54
Lemira lounged in the backseat, responding lazily. She wasn't really interested in any of this to begin with.
Seeing that Lucian didn't get mad, Evelina felt a sinking feeling in her gut.
Lucian glanced back at her, "Eve, just try harder next time. There will be chances, no one will interfere with your performance again."
Evelina was beyond frustrated. Her grades had dropped because of game training, and didn't the Langstons think to compensate her somehow?
They even intended to get back the emerald necklace she received last time. Damn them! Lucian was warming up to Lemira, and she had to find a way to stop it!
---
When they arrived at the upscale restaurant, Lemira moodily got out of the car. Facing Lucian and Evelina, she'd rather be home studying!
Evelina's eyes lit up at the sight of the restaurant, "This place? Lucian, you're so biased! I've been asking you to take me here and you always said no."
Lemira glanced at the restaurant.
In her past life, this place was famous, a symbol of status that required membership. Despite that, plenty of rich folks still clamored for the prestige of being members. This place must've just opened recently.
Lucian replied helplessly, "I was really busy before, but here we are today, aren't we?"
"Lucian, I guess I'm basking in Lemmy's glory today, but I'm totally okay with that."
Evelina sneakily took out her phone to snap a few pictures. She couldn't wait to show off on Facebook.
Lucian instinctively looked at Lemira and noticed she wasn't as excited as Evelina.
As Lemira walked into the restaurant toward the elevator, she caught a glimpse of a figure on the second floor. She paused; it looked like Orion!
For a moment, Lemira thought she was mistaken, but that profile was unmistakably Orion's! Orion was with a stunning woman, tall with long hair. Lemira quickly looked away, her heart racing.
She had messaged him earlier but hadn't gotten a reply. Was he on a date?
Lemira felt a mix of emotions. With Orion's good looks and decent job, it was normal for him to be pursued.
But she had asked him if he had a girlfriend, and he said no. Things had changed so quickly?
Distracted, Lemira entered the private room and checked her phone again, still no reply from Orion. Was he too busy to respond?
"Lemmy, what are you spacing out for? Asher's calling on video, come over. You know Asher is always swamped."
Lemira snapped back to reality and saw Lucian holding his phone, the video call already connected.
On the screen was Asher, his features stern, exuding an authoritative presence.
She walked over quietly, "Asher."
That was all she said, falling silent afterward. The atmosphere turned a bit chilly.
In the past, she would always try to lighten the mood, playing the role of the perfect, obedient girl.
But in her previous life, Asher personally kicked her out of the Langston family and cut her off financially.
Hence, she was done playing nice now.
Asher frowned, "Lemira, I've heard your grades have improved, but don't get too arrogant or act out. Evelina's grades have dropped significantly. You should help her out; after all, we're family."
Lemira scoffed inwardly, same old lines as Lucian's. Her patience wearing thin, "Lucian hired a tutor; they don't need me."
Asher's tone was that of an elder instructing a younger family member, serious and irrefutable, "Lemira, what's your attitude? This is not a suggestion. I'm ordering you to help Evelina improve her grades, understood?" He had heard about Lemira's recent changes, her growing distance from the family.
Lemira slowly looked up, meeting Asher's gaze through the screen, "I refuse." She was unwilling.
Asher's temper flared, "Say that again!"
###Chapter 55
Lemira's fair complexion and quiet demeanor contrasted starkly with the stubborn defiance in her eyes.
She firmly responds, "I could say it a hundred times more, and it would make no difference. I refuse."
Seizing the moment, Evelina played up her charm, "Asher, don't be mad, okay? I've got a private tutor for extra lessons. I'll catch up on my grades in no time. Lemmy's been hitting the books hard too, that's how she's made such progress. I promise I'll learn from her!" Lucian chimed in, trying to explain, "Asher, I'll figure something out for their grades, you don't need to worry so much."
But Asher was clearly upset, "Stop making excuses for Lemira, both of you. I know what she's like. She's been acting up ever since Evelina joined the Langston family because she feels discomforted.
Lemira, let me make it clear. No matter how much you sulk or even threaten to run away from home, it won't change the fact that Evelina is part of our family now. Even if you leave, she won't be going anywhere, got it?"
Lemira's eyes were downcast, her facial expression obscured.
Seeing her look down, Lucian felt a pang of sympathy, "Lemmy, Asher didn't mean it like that!"
Lemira looked up, her gaze cold and voice tinged with detachment, "It doesn't matter." She turned and left the room, unable to stay a moment longer.
Lucian's face fell, and he started to follow Lemira, but Asher's angry voice came, "Stay right there. You're just too soft on her, and that's why she walks all over you."
Lucian felt helpless, "Asher, it's not like that."
Lemira had changed. In the past, he might have thought Lemira was just being moody.
But recalling Lemira's expression just now filled him with worry; he had never seen her look like that before.
Trying to lighten the mood, Evelina said, "Asher, Lucian, let's not fight. It's my fault for not doing well in school. If only I were as smart as Lemmy. It's all because I'm not quick-witted."
Asher's tone softened slightly, "It's not your fault. Evelina, you've been distracted because of Alaric's team activities. Caspian has already briefed me on what's been happening. And stop covering for Lemira. Now that you're a Langston, we won't favor her just because she's blood-related."
Evelina broke into a smile, "Thanks, Asher. I'll work harder, I promise."
Winning over Asher had always been the toughest challenge. With Asher frequently away from home, Evelina had always been somewhat afraid of him.
Fortunately, today Lemira unwittingly gave her a chance to shine.
Yet, Lucian felt that Asher was misunderstanding Lemira. He explained, "Asher, Lemmy was part of the competition too. If it weren't for her pulling through in the clutch, we wouldn't have won the playoff."
"Hmph, I almost forgot. She pretends to reject joining Alaric's team, hoping to make him beg her to join. Then, when Evelina steps in, she feels out of place and starts practicing in secret, waiting to steal the spotlight." "Asher, that's not the case."
Suddenly, Lucian was overwhelmed by a sense of helplessness.
Realizing how Asher was treating Lemira made him see how he might have treated her in the past. Had Lemira been distancing herself because they'd hurt her so deeply?
For a moment, Lucian was at a loss for words, realizing how merciless his deeds were; he might be the one at fault, not Lemira.
Seeing Evelina and Asher getting along as if Lemira's absence was of no consequence, Lucian felt a twinge of discomfort. Today was supposed to be about celebrating Lemira's achievements, something he had arranged specifically for her. Seizing a moment when Asher was distracted, Lucian quietly slipped out of the room.
###Chapter 56
Lucian dialed Lemira's number, but got no answer. He quickly texted. [Lemmy, where are you?]
Lemira glanced at her phone, stood up, and walked out of the restroom stall. At the sink, she looked at her reflection, her eyes slightly reddened.
Despite countless resolutions to not let the Langstons get to her again, Asher's words still stung. Lemira splashed her face with cold water, just one more month, and she wouldn't have to endure any longer. Leaving the restroom, she planned to take the elevator out of the restaurant.
"Why are you here?"
Lemira looked up to find Orion, and in a fluster, she lowered her head, "Came to grab a bite."
Her voice was hoarse. Orion stepped closer, "Been crying?"
Something in her voice suggested she had been crying.
Lemira instinctively denied, "No."
Just then, the elevator doors opened, and Lucian stepped out.
Seeing him, she immediately threw herself into Orion's arms, clinging tightly to his shirt. Lemira wished she could disappear into Orion, not wanting to be spotted by Lucian.
Orion, taken aback, looked down at the girl pressing against him, her sweet scent almost tangible.
His Adam's apple bobbed, instinctively wanting to create distance. But as he moved, she wrapped her arms around his neck.
To any onlooker, they seemed like a couple deeply in love.
Orion, lips pressed together, was surprised by her actions. The usually composed man was at a loss what to do.
Lemira peeked out just in time to see Lucian return to the private room, breathing a sigh of relief.
Realizing their close pose, she noticed for the first time how tall Orion was. She was practically on her tiptoes, and he had to lean down to let her arms reach around his neck. Lemira, embarrassed, let go, "Um, when Lucian got out of the elevator, I didn't want him to see me, so I kinda used you as a shield."
Orion squinted, guessing why she was there and why she seemed down. His voice teasing, "Any guy would do as a shield?"
Lemira looked at him in surprise, "I guess not."
Because Orion stood right near her, that was why she threw her into his arms without thinking it through. With anyone else, she couldn't imagine doing the same. Probably not. Orion felt slightly better with her answer, "Here with them to eat?"
"Yeah, supposedly for doing well on my exams," Lemira said with a touch of sarcasm.
She sneaked a glance at him, recalling seeing him with a beautiful woman earlier. Now, why was he alone?
Orion's voice was even, "Tenth place, not bad."
Lemira felt a twinge of pride, "It's okay. Now I might have a shot at getting into Orvin University."
He had doubted her ranking before.
Seeing the pride on her face, Orion smiled, "Had dinner yet?"
"Not yet, I don't want to stay here."
"Because of the people in that room?"
Lemira nodded, "You go ahead if you're busy, I'll head back to my apartment."
She didn't feel like going home today either.
"They should be the ones to leave, not you."
Lemira didn't quite catch his drift. Was he suggesting kicking Lucian and Evelina out? Hardly likely!
###Chapter 57
Lemira's gaze followed Orion as he pulled out his phone, and stepped aside to make a call. She peeked from behind the safety of the corridor, ensuring Lucian wouldn't catch her. Once the call was finalized, Orion approached Lemira with an air of superiority, his expression calm and his tone teeming with a wild edge, "Let's go."
"Where to?"
"To enjoy the show."
What?
Lemira accompanied him to the elevator, heading straight to the third floor. The decor here starkly contrasted with that of the lower levels.
She couldn't help but steal glances at the man beside her. Rumor had it that the restaurant's third floor was reserved for members of a certain caliber, a status virtually no one in Lyria had achieved. Yet, Orion seemed to breeze through without a hitch, greeted with nothing but respect from the staff.
"I heard this level is off-limits to regular members," Lemira whispered.
"Yeah, I know."
Gazing at his profile, Lemira wondered if he left her question hanging. For sure she knew that too; what she really wanted to know was how he managed such effortless access. Lemira was lost in her thoughts when Orion suddenly stopped, causing her to bump into his back. He glanced back, amusement in his eyes, "First, let's watch. I'll explain later." Orion turned and left as Lemira asked, "Where are you going?"
"To the restroom."
Lemira noticed he instead took the elevator downstairs in spite of the fact that the restroom was near. Where was he heading?
She soon realized they were positioned perfectly to overlook the second-floor private room. Something felt off, and soon enough, she saw Orion exiting the elevator.
The private room's door swung open, revealing Lucian and Evelina, with a staff member speaking to them. Lucian's discomfort was palpable as he led Evelina towards the elevator, only to find Orion waiting, as if expected. Lucian frowned unwittingly at the sight of Orion, "What are you doing here? Did Lemira come to you?"
The restaurant's sudden clearing their place hinted at the arrival of a VIP. Despite the Langstons' significant influence in Lyria, the establishment's connections to the Orvin elite demanded reverence, even from them. Evelina added oil to fire, "Impossible. Isn't this place member's only? How could a mere school doctor have access? Lemmy must've sneaked him in!"
Merely a school doctor, even though he had good looks, it was of no use.
Orion's impatience shone through, "Take her away."
Two staff members suddenly appeared and approached Evelina directly, who instinctively hid behind Lucian, "Lucian, I'm scared."
"What do you mean by this?" Lucian stood in front of her.
"Exactly what it sounds like. She's too noisy; I wanted a word with you," Orion's expression was utterly indifferent, his tone icy, leaving no room for debate.
Lucian realized the surrounding was no more other guests. He felt somewhat suspicious.
Was this elaborate setup all for this school doctor?
When Lemira went with this doctor last time, he used even the Langstons' resources and yet couldn't track her down. He had investigated secretly this man's background but failed.
This man looked mysterious, and Lucian was not sure if he had ulterior motive by getting close to Lemira. But it seemed improbable.
After all, Lemira was just a young girl, having never ventured beyond Lyria, unlikely to have crossed anyone.
Seeing an opportunity to uncover more about Lemira's connection with Orion, Lucian looked at Evelina, "Wait for me outside."
###Chapter 58
"Lucian."
"Be good!"
Evelina, though reluctant, had no choice but to leave.
Lucian gave the school doctor before him another look. There was something about his aura that screamed he wasn't just anybody. "Where's Lemmy?" Lucian asked.
"I'm under no obligation to tell you. But she's under my watch, and I don't want you doing anything that could harm her before her exams."
"What do you mean by 'harming Lemmy'? She's my sister; I would never hurt her. You, on the other hand, a mysterious school doctor, what do you want with her?" Lucian found this doctor intriguingly odd.
Orion's gaze was icy, sharp as a blade, "That's none of your concern."
"Lemira is my sister, why wouldn't it be my concern?"
Lucian remembered how this same man had called the cops last time, forcing Alaric to move out and stay away from Lemira.
Orion, with one hand in his pocket, looked disdainfully at Lucian, "Look after your adopted sister and spare me the fake compassion."
After saying that, the elevator doors opened, and a middle-aged man stepped out.
Seeing him, Lucian quickly said, "Manager, there's a suspicious person here." He hoped to learn more about the school doctor from the manager.
The middle-aged man, upon seeing Orion, treated him with utmost respect and turned to Lucian, "Mr. Langston, our diner has closed for the night, please leave." Lucian looked at Orion, "What about him?"
"Mr. Langston, right this way, please," the manager didn't answer Lucian's question.
Escorted politely by a server into the elevator, Lucian watched Orion, who stood still, his back to Lucian. His silhouette was tall and proud.
Standing beside him, the manager slightly bowed his head, making it clear that this school doctor, Orion, was no ordinary man.
Lucian suddenly thought of Lemira. When had she gotten involved with these people?
Recalling Lemira's departing figure and her recent changes, was it this man who gave Lemira the courage to stand up to her family?
Lucian felt a headache coming on. He needed to dig into Orion's background. Otherwise, if Asher found out, well, Asher wasn't known for his patience.
He had to sort this out fast. Pulling out his phone, he found that Lemira hadn't answered his calls or texts.
Lemira watched Lucian leave, and then looked up to see Orion walking out of the elevator, his stride slow and powerful, his gaze serene, "They're gone." Lemira was amazed, "How did you manage that?"
Just moments ago, when Orion said they would leave, they did. For a second, Lemira thought Orion was bluffing, given they were in Lyria.
Orion stopped in front of her, "Just made a call to a friend."
"Your friend must be pretty influential to secure a membership here and even get the restaurant to kick people out."
Orion's tone remained even, "He's alright."
Lemira's mood lifted quite a bit, her curiosity about Orion growing, "Who is this friend?"
In Lyria, families capable of such feats were few.
Orion seemed reluctant to share, "Someone from Orvin."
"No wonder, probably a super-rich heir then."
Orvin was a hub of power and wealth, and for the past years, Asher had been building his empire there. Orvin University was the top school in Orvin. Lemira looked at him curiously, "So, how do you know such affluent people? Were you classmates or something?"
Was he really just a simple school doctor?
###Chapter 59
Lemira always felt that Orion had an air of mystery about him.
When she couldn't help but ask, Orion simply answered, "Yeah, the place you're living in is his."
A best friend was always there to take the hit.
Orion then headed to a private room next door, and a waiter walked in respectfully, "Mr. Everhart, here's the menu."
"For her."
Orion took a seat at the back, leaning casually in his chair with part of his arm exposed.
Lemira didn't take the menu either, "Just bring us some of your house specials."
She had dined here once in her past life and knew their menu was quite unique; it changed daily based on the chef's pick, so customers ate whatever was served. But the waiter handing the menu to Orion hinted at his friend's extraordinary status.
At that moment, Lemira's phone buzzed non-stop. A glance showed calls from Lucian, which she ignored.
Soon, she received a text from Lucian. [Lemmy, something came up and the restaurant is closing early for the night. We're in the parking lot, where are you?] Closing early? Lemira was puzzled; the place was still buzzing with activity.
It must have been Orion pulling strings through his affluent buddy. After a moment's thought, she replied. [You guys go ahead.]
When Lucian pressed on asking her location, she didn't respond. Looking up, she met Orion's deep gaze. "Your brother?" he asked.
"Yeah, he left."
"Good, now we can eat."
Orion's demeanor was strangely calm, as if the evening's events were nothing out of the ordinary.
Lemira found it odd. Was he really just a school doctor? But she quickly dismissed the thought. If Orion had such a significant background, why would he work as a mere school doctor? Maybe he went out of his way to help her out of sympathy. She couldn't resist asking, "What did you say to Lucian just now?"
Orion's arm rested on the table, revealing a bit of his wrist. He replied, "Just small talk."
Just small talk? But she clearly saw Lucian looking not too pleased.
Orion was turned away, so Lemira couldn't gauge his expression at that time. Either way, it seemed unlikely just a casual chat. Hesitating, she said, "Orion, I appreciate your kindness, but this is Lyria. If Lucian gets fixated on you, it could spell trouble."
She didn't want to drag anyone down with her.
"So, that's why you moved back?"
"Yeah, just for a few days more. After the exams, I'll be free."
Lemira's face lit up with anticipation. She had hoped to jump straight into an easy life after her rebirth, but reality was proving stubborn.
In her previous life, she depended heavily on her brothers, but this time around, she aimed for independence, which meant getting into a good university and pursuing what she desired. Orion noticed her smile and knew she had her plans. The words he had wanted to say eventually remained unspoken.
He had no right to interfere in her life.
After the meal, Orion looked at her, "What do you want to do?"
Lemira thought for a moment, "Play some games, maybe clear a few instance dungeons." That was her go-to stress reliever at present.
Orion stood up to leave, and Lemira watched his tall figure, "Why were you here today? Were you dining with someone?"
Earlier, she had seen him with a beautiful woman.
Orion paused at the elevator, his gaze lingering, "Just some business."
Just some business? That date must have been quite important then.
Lemira felt a strange twist in her mood, realizing something was off and quickly adjusted her mindset.
She was supposed to be infatuated with her online crush, the man who would appear after her exams.
Orion had been kind to her, probably out of sympathy at first, then leading to his many times of rescue. She couldn't let their relationship become awkward and complicated.
They both headed back to the apartment.
###Chapter 60
Lemira logged into the game and immediately received a friend request notification. She glanced at the name and was taken aback-it's Alaric.
Just a few days ago, she had turned down Alaric's invitation to join his team. She hadn't expected the proud and haughty Alaric to personally seek her out.
Lemira didn't accept the friend request and instead teamed up with Orion to tackle an instance dungeon.
After randomly teaming up with three other players and completing the dungeon, someone sent her a friend request. It's one of the teammates from the dungeon, and given their decent gameplay, she accepted. The next second, a message popped up: [Hey, I'm Alaric, the leader of SkyBlaze. I noticed your skills during our dungeon run. How about joining our team? We can negotiate terms.]
Lemira frowned in annoyance, "Why can't he just let it go?"
She was surprised Alaric had used an alternate account to add her as a friend.
Orion looked over, "What's up?"
"It's Alaric-he's using an alt to invite me to his team, and he has no idea who I am."
After all, she was using her alternate account too.
Orion glanced at the screen, "If they don't find a strong backup player, they're going to lose the first round of the finals."
"That's why Alaric is getting desperate. He's too proud to poach well-known players, so he has to scout talented rookies to train."
Lemira knew Alaric's personality all too well.
After all, the Reapers of the Everhart family in Nyric were formidable. If it hadn't been for the Reapers' captain, Matthew Everhart, skipping the finals last time, she wasn't sure she could have won. "The Reapers are tough. Their captain is said to be King's protegé, very strong."
"Well, he hasn't even mastered the twelve-hit combo."
Lemira swept an astonished glance at him, "The twelve-hit combo isn't something just anyone can learn."
"Aren't you a master of it?"
""That's because..."
Lemira caught herself, nearly revealing things about her past life which hadn't happened yet.
Orion narrowed his eyes slightly, "Because what?"
Lemira paused, "Because I greatly admire King. I really adore him, so I managed to pull off the twelve-hit combo by sheer luck!"
Orion cast her a glance. Clearly, Lemira wasn't telling the whole truth.
Did she teach herself? Or did someone teach her?
Lemira didn't respond to Alaric and continued instance dungeon crawling with Orion.
Meanwhile, Alaric, not having received a reply, rubbed his temples in frustration, his jaw shadowed with stubble.
The training results lately had been disappointing. He hadn't found a strong gunner.
Watching a video of Lemira competing in a revival match on his computer, her execution of the twelve-hit combo and her leaping silhouette were unforgettable. He felt a sense of pride-she was his sister.
After countless attempts at mastering the twelve-hit combo and failing every time, he had to admit Lemira had got talent.
But that slap had completely soured their relationship.
Alaric called Lucian, and after a long silence, said, "Lucian, how's Lemira been doing lately?"
"The same as always, not listening to anyone. She ranked tenth in her exams this time, a significant improvement."
"Top ten, huh? That's quite fast progress."
Alaric remembered when Lemira ranked a hundredth, and he had prejudged her, thinking she had cheated due to her sudden good performance.
Thinking back, he realized he had been too harsh. Lemira had always been smart, performing well academically since childhood.
It seemed things started to change after Evelina joined the Langston family.
Lucian, looking at the emerald necklace in a box, sighed, "Alaric, did we neglect her too much before?"
"Lucian, you feel that way too?"
The brothers fell into silence on either end of the call.
"Lucian, do you think she might forgive me if I apologize to Lemira?"
Alaric had braced himself for this moment. He genuinely wanted to reconcile with Lemira.
He regretted slapping her that day. It wasn't intentional.
###Chapter 61
On the other end of the phone, Lucian let out a long sigh.
"It's not going to be that easy, you know. Lemon is genuinely hurt."
He had tried to please Lemira during this period, but to no avail. Today, Lemira even left the dining room and hadn't returned home or responded to any messages.
If it was in the past, he would have sent someone to find her, even threatening to call the police. But now, Lucian was afraid of making Lemira angry, so he had no choice but to wait for her to reach out. Above all, he was wary of that mysterious school doctor. No wonder they couldn't find Lemira before.
Alaric didn't buy it, "Lucian, Lemira has been close to us since we were kids. We're her favorite brothers, aren't we? I believe if I just explain the misunderstandings and sweet-talk her a bit, everything will be fine." Lucian frowned, "Stay away from her until her exams are over."
"I know my limits."
Alaric hung up directly, confident in how to please Lemira.
He simply hadn't wanted to make the effort before. A piece of cake. Alaric pulled out his phone and sent Lemira
message.
After logging off her game and getting back to her room, ready for washing up and then bed, Lemira saw an unread message and thought it might be from Lucian.
But unexpectedly, it was Alaric. [Lemira, let's meet at the cafe across the school after classes tomorrow. I need to talk to you.]
Lemira glanced at it, remembered the slap she had received, promptly deleted Alaric's contact, and then slept soundly, feeling refreshed.
The next day, Orion didn't have work, so she took a cab to school alone.
Near the school, she noticed a crowd gathered around a flashy car; judging from how the person in the car dressed, she concluded he was clearly not from their school. As she got out of the taxi, someone shouted, "Lemira's here."
The crowd by the car dispersed quickly, revealing a handsome boy in uniform getting out of the car. Except his gaze made Lemira uncomfortable.
She recognized him. Dorian from the private school next door, also Evelina's crush.
She hadn't expected him to come looking for her.
"You're Lemira? Pretty good-looking," Dorian said nonchalantly.
Lemira looked up, her eyes clear and her features captivating.
Dorian smiled, satisfied, "I'm Dorian. I'd like to be your friend." His words caused a stir among the girls nearby.
"Mr. Draven sure is direct. So cool!"
"I've heard he gets a new girlfriend every month, and the number of exes is anyone's guess. Still, some fall for him."
"Mr. Draven's family is rich, and he's generous. Most girls can't resist."
"Lemira's family is wealthy, but not compared to the Orvin clan."
The corner of Lemira's lips twitched as she heard the comments.
Because in her past life, Dorian had said the same thing. But it was to Evelina. How ridiculous!
At that moment, Evelina stepped out of the car, her face contorting upon seeing Dorian standing in front of Lemira, and thought Lemira had an ulterior motive towards Dorian.
Evelina approached directly, "Lemmy, you didn't come home last night; Lucian was worried sick. You're being entangled with that school doctor. How could you spend the night outside with him?"
Hearing it, Dorian frowned, seemingly surprised that Lemira, who looked so innocent, could have such a liberated personal life.
Lemira gave Evelina a mocking smile, making Evelina shiver.
"Lemmy, are you mad? I'm just worried you were deceived by that man, that's why I reminded you."
Lemira averted her gaze, her tone ice-cold, "Save your fake concern."
###Chapter 62
She knew exactly what Evelina was trying to do with those words - tarnish her reputation. But it suited Lemira just fine; she had no interest in getting tangled up with that privileged boy anyway. After finishing her piece, Lemira headed straight for school.
With her backpack on the back and her fair features expressionless, she exuded an aura of untouchable coolness.
The crowd, who were watching them, parted for her as if by magic.
After all, Lemira had made a name for herself with a mind-blowing twelve-hit combo. She was the e-sports community's latest darling, with many teams keeping a watchful eye, hoping to recruit her. But Lemira was a Langston, and out of respect for Alaric, no team dared poach her.
Her academic achievements soared as quickly as her gaming skills, making her the of admiration for many.
After Lemira left, her classmates buzzed with discussions of her prowess.
Evelina bit her lip, looking at Dorian, her tone utterly soft, "You're Dorian, right? Lemmy can be a bit hard to handle. Don't take it to heart, okay?"
"Does Lemira often stay out late?"
"Not usually. Her family keeps a tight leash. But lately, she's been seen around the school doctor a lot, causing a stir at home. That's why she's been out late."
Evelina seemed a bit regretful after speaking, "Dorian, please don't spread it around. It wouldn't be good for Lemmy's reputation."
Dorian's gaze lingered on Lemira's retreating figure, his expression noticeably altered. Evelina lowered her eyes, hiding a fleeting shadow of malice.
As Lemira reached her classroom, there were multiple boys peeking over. Upon being seated, she found more love letters stuffed into her desk than ever before, all of which she promptly dumped into the trash before taking a quick glance. A collective g*** sounded from outside, "Your letter was thrown away. She didn't even look at it."
"It wasn't just mine. Yours got tossed too."
Lemira found the noise bothersome; she wasn't in the mood for such distractions.
When Evelina entered the classroom, her discomfort grew upon seeing the discarded letters. She used to be the most popular girl in the class, and now Lemira had overtaken her. Feeling unwell, Lemira visited the restroom after class, suspecting her period was the cause of her discomfort.
Evelina walked side by side with Lemira as the latter got out, "Lemmy, how do you think of Dorian?"
Lemira's response was icy, "I don't know him well enough to say."
"But I think Mr. Draven isn't bad."
"Can't you stop blabbering? If you like Dorian, go for it yourself. Stop bothering me with it!"
Evelina's eyes reddened instantly, "That's not what I meant."
Wendy chimed in right away, "Lemira, don't think Dorian's really into you, the Draven family isn't for someone like you to play up to."
Lemira scoffed, "Not someone like me, and you think you're a match?"
The others nodded in agreement upon hearing it, "Makes sense. After all, Lemira was a Langston, and Evelina was just an adopted daughter - hardly the same league."
"Stop it, they may hear us."
Ignoring them, Lemira walked away, leaving Evelina fuming and vowing not to give up on her ambitions.
As school was about to end, Lemira approached the school gates, sensing a crowd larger than this morning.
She furrowed her brows, her intuition screaming trouble.
Stepping outside, she saw Dorian leaning against a luxury car, surrounded by a great bunch of roses as well as candles that formed the shape of her name. "Lemira, Lemira, Lemira!"
"Say 'yes', say 'yes', say 'yes'!"
Grabbing a fire extinguisher from the guardhouse with single hand, she marched over and doused the candles without hesitation.
###Chapter 63
Snow-like powder filled the air in an instant.
Dorian was shocked beyond belief, "Lemira, what in the world are you doing?!"
Even for a guy who thought he'd seen it all, a woman charging at him with a fire extinguisher was definitely a first.
After extinguishing the fire, Lemira, irritation written all over her face, said, "I don't like you, and I definitely don't wanna see these childish antics around the school."
It's almost that time of the month, and she's already on edge. And then this guy had to come along.
"Lemira, you're quite the character, aren't you? I'm actually starting to like you. You've got spunk!"
Lemira turned around and sprayed Dorian with the extinguisher, causing him to curse loudly as his entourage scrambled to shield him.
Dropping the extinguisher on the ground, Lemira was the epitome of cool indifference, "Don't mess with me."
With exams around the corner, she didn't want to be entangled with a playboy like Dorian. It would be a colossal waste of her time.
"Lemmy, that's really too much! He likes you, that's why he confessed in public. Even if you don't like him, you can't just break his heart like that," Evelina appeared, graceful as a rose. Lemira's impatience was palpable, "Mind your own business, and get lost!"
Evelina was taken aback, probably not expecting the usually stoic Lemira to lose her temper and lash out.
Brushing off the dry powder from her hands, Lemira didn't like the smell.
Ever since her conversation with Asher at the restaurant yesterday, she'd been struggling to keep her emotions in check, and now she could barely hold it.
Lemira was ready to leave, but Dorian, feeling humiliated, shouted, "Lemira, stop right there! Who said you could leave?"
Without looking back, Lemira walked away, exuding an air of defiance.
Dorian, feeling insulted, was livid, "What are you looking at? Grab her! If I don't teach her a lesson, she'll think she can walk all over me!"
Evelina silently watched the drama unfold, a cold smirk playing on her lips. Lemira was a damn fool; Dorian showed interest in her and she just rejected him like that. What a fool! Evelina was curious to see how Lemira would fare now that she'd angered him. She secretly hoped Lemira would be affected and perform poorly on her exams.
"Who dares lay a finger on her!" Alaric ran across the street, his face stormy.
Seeing Alaric, Lemira paused, recalling the message he'd sent last night about meeting at the coffee shop across the school today.
But she had deleted Alaric's message without replying. She hadn't planned on going. Yet, here was Alaric.
Upon his arrival, he directly confronted Dorian, "You little punk, coveting my sister without considering if her brothers would agree!"
Dorian, faced with Lemira's family, was visibly uncomfortable. But as a scion from Orvin, he looked down on the Lyria elites.
Dorian was also infuriated, "But your sister attacked me with a fire extinguisher. How do you propose we settle this?"
"I saw everything clearly. It's you who harassed my sister first. She used the fire extinguisher to prevent your candles from starting a fire. Her actions were perfectly justified!"
Alaric continued, "You might have connections, but this is Lyria. If you want to stay here peacefully, it's best if you don't stir up trouble!"
Dorian's face turned red with anger, "Say that again?"
Evelina quickly stepped in to mediate, "Alaric, it's not entirely Mr. Draven's fault. Lemmy could have simply rejected him if she doesn't like him. I'm sure Mr. Draven isn't the type to cling. But using a fire extinguisher? That does seem a bit extreme, doesn't it?" Dorian seized the opportunity to back down, "Right. With my popularity, why would I hang on to one girl? With Lemira's temper, I'm not interested."
Alaric frowned at Evelina, finding her words unsettling. It's clear Lemira was being harassed and had every right to refuse. Why should she spare his feelings?
Alaric looked at Dorian disdainfully, "I'm not interested in arguing with a kid. If there's a next time, I'll be speaking directly to your parents!"
###Chapter 64
Alaric had just finished speaking when he grabbed Lemira's wrist, "Let's go! Get in the car." Lemira instinctively tried to pull her hand away, but Alaric firmly pushed her into the vehicle.
Evelina jogged up to them, "Alaric, are you upset because of what I said earlier? I was just being honest, didn't want you guys to start arguing. After all, Dorian has family support back in Orvin, and if things get messy here, Asher will have a hard time dealing with the Dravens back in Orvin."
Alaric was indeed upset. However, the mention of Asher softened his expression, "If Asher finds out this guy's been harassing Lemira, he'd definitely confront the Dravens!"
Evelina was momentarily speechless, feeling a bit uncomfortable. Family ties, she thought, always had their privileges.
But how did Alaric end up here?
Evelina asked deliberately, "Alaric, weren't you swamped with work? How come you're free to pick us up from school today?"
Alaric sneaked a glance at Lemira, who was gazing out the window, seemingly oblivious to the conversation happening inside the car.
Alaric felt a twinge of annoyance at being ignored by Lemira, but he quickly got a hold of his temper. After all, he's here to make amends with Lemira.
"I've been away for a while, wanted to check how you guys were doing," Alaric said.
Evelina noticed Alaric's attention was mostly on Lemira and guessed why he was here - probably the team hadn't found a suitable candidate yet.
Lemira, gazing at vehicles outside, wasn't in a good mood.
When she snapped back to reality, she realized they weren't heading to the Langston's but had stopped at a training base. She saw the SkyBlaze posters and various promotional photos. Lemira didn't expect to end up here. Once she got out of the car, a crowd appeared and surrounded her.
"Welcome to the team!"
"Goddess Lemira, can I get an autograph, please?"
"Goddess Lemira, could you share how you mastered the twelve-hit combo?"
Lemira frowned unwittingly. She hadn't agreed to join any team.
Seizing the moment, Alaric intervened, "Alright, don't scare my sister. Let's head to dinner."
Lemira was escorted into the base's cafeteria by the crowd.
Evelina struggled to maintain her composure, watching the scene unfold.
Alaric, noticing Evelina's expression, quietly explained, "You know the state of the team, Eve. We haven't found the right gunner, and Lemira seems like the perfect fit. I'm trying to mend our relationship."
"Alaric, I understand. You don't have to explain to me. I had a part in what happened last time too. I'll apologize with you, hoping Lemmy would forgive us. If all our family members are in the team, I'll do my best to support you guys!"
Evelina's angelic look relieved Alaric. He knew Evelina wasn't one to hold grudges, not like Lemira with her tough-to-please attitude.
However, as soon as Alaric turned away, Evelina's smile faded, replaced by a darker expression that quickly vanished as she joined the others.
Pushed into the cafeteria, Lemira saw a huge banner, saying: Welcome Goddess Lemira to the team!
That was when she sensed something was off. She pulled out her phone, texting Orion. Can you come pick me up?"
She shared her location.
Alaric approached her, looking a bit awkward, "I know I was wrong during the last match, shouldn't have lost my temper and hit you. I've had time to reflect and truly regret it. Today I want to apologize publicly, hoping you can forgive me." Lemira stood there, glancing at the banner, finding the whole situation absurd. She slowly looked up, her eyes cold.
###Chapter 65
Was this supposed to be an apology? It felt more like a forceful push for her to just accept everything!
Lemira's expression was cool, indifferent, a demeanor that weighed heavily on Alaric's heart. Just moments ago, Alaric was brimming with confidence, but now, doubt was creeping in. He had bent over backwards to apologize and make amends, thinking surely Lemira could see his intentions.
He had never lowered himself like this for anyone since young! Lemira was the first!
Evelina seized the opportunity to chip in, "Yeah, Lemmy, Alaric went all out preparing today's dinner. You must see his sincere efforts to make amends."
Alaric's expression turned slightly awkward, "Lemira, whatever you ask for, I can make it happen."
Lemira raised an eyebrow, her voice laced with a hint of sarcasm, "My request is simple."
"Go ahead."
Alaric sighed in relief, thinking as long as Lemira was willing to state her terms, she was on the path to forgiving him.
He should have known, Lemira was just acting out, thinking he was favoring Evelina! Once they patched things up, he'd find the right moment to have a serious talk with Lemira. "Starting today, stay out of my sight, and don't ever take matters into your own hands like this again."
Alaric's face froze in an instant, his mind buzzing with disbelief.
Lemira turned and walked away, her departure firm and resolute, without a trace of reluctance. Stepping out of the training base, a wave of heat hit her, the summer cicadas chirping irritatingly. "Lemira, what do I have to do for you to forgive my past mistakes? Just say the word!"
Alaric followed her out. He looked at Lemira earnestly, his tone more sincere than ever.
Finally, Lemira lost her patience, "Did you not understand what I just said? Maybe you should consider going back to elementary school."
"Lemira, we've been close since we were kids. Are you really going to hold one impulsive mistake against me for the rest of your life, refusing to acknowledge me as your brother?"
Alaric couldn't believe she'd be so heartless.
Lemira only found it amusing. Just one mistake?
It seemed Alaric still didn't understand why she needed to distance herself from the Langstons. But she felt no need to explain.
She didn't want to look back, much less compromise.
Her gaze was icy, "If that's what you believe, then so be it."
Alaric appeared deeply wounded, his shock palpable, unable to utter even a letter. He couldn't fathom that Lemira truly no longer considered him a brother.
Evelina rushed over, standing in Lemira's path, "Lemmy, everything that happened last time was my fault. I'm the reason for all this. Starting today, I'll move out of the Langston mansion, and you won't have to see me anymore." Evelina turned to Alaric, her eyes bloodshot, "Alaric, thank you for taking care of me all these years. I'm already more than grateful."
Without thinking, Alaric grabbed Evelina's hand, "This has nothing to do with you. It's between Lemira and me."
"No, Alaric, you don't understand. It has everything to do with me. I need to take the responsibility!"
Evelina shook her head; her teary-eyed, understanding demeanor was heart-wrenchingly endearing.
Alaric couldn't help but sigh, "Why can't you be reasonable like Eve, Lemira?"
Lemira raised her eyebrow, her eyes sparkling with scorn, "So, you have her. Isn't that enough? Stop bothering me!"
"Lemira, you always think we favor Evelina over you, but have you ever considered your own actions? People reciprocate what they receive. If you were as understanding, we wouldn't be in this mess." "So, staying apart is the best solution for both of us."
Lemira walked to the roadside, the area deserted with hardly any cars passing by. But she longed to leave this place.
Alaric blocked her path, "I think we need to have a serious talk and clear the air!"
Beep, beep, beep-
The harsh blare of a horn cut through the air as a black luxury car sped towards them. Alaric turned to see the car charging towards him, not showing any signs of stopping. "Alaric, watch out!"
Evelina ran towards them, and Alaric instinctively pulled her aside to dodge, but then he turned back to look at Lemira, who stood in place.
###Chapter 66
Alaric realized what he had done. "Get out of the way!" he yelled in panic.
Lemira's face was stoic and her eyes inscrutable.
The screech of tires announced the car's halt beside Lemira. As the window rolled down, Orion's sculpted features came into view. His voice was calm, "Get in!"
A slight smile played on Lemira's lips - she had known it was him.
She bent to enter the car, as Alaric's voice echoed from outside, "Lemira, you can't go with him!"
Turning her head, Lemira saw Alaric running towards the car. She responded by rolling up the window, cutting off the outside world.
Alaric chased them for a while but eventually stopped, panting and frustrated. He punched the ground in dismay, wondering how things had turned out this way. He regretted leaving Lemira behind at that moment.
Alaric couldn't stop getting panic as he recalled Lemira's gaze; how should he do?
He unconsciously chose Evelina just now, but it didn't mean he didn't care about Lemira. Instead, it was Evelina who ran over to save him, and he couldn't just ignore it. For someone as smart as Lemira, he thought she should be able to understand. However, Alaric wasn't so sure.
Evelina approached him worriedly, "Alaric, are you okay? Lemmy will be fine. She didn't come home last night, probably hanging out with that school doctor." Alaric straightened up, "Lemira is being led astray by that man. She used to be stubborn, but she never used to hold grudges against her family like this!" Lemira had changed. He determined to set things back on the right track.
---
In the car, Lemira opened the window, letting the wind in without saying a word. Orion drove in silence, taking her back to the apartment.
As they entered the elevator, Lemira stole a glance at him, "Are you mad?" She had noticed his upset expression the moment she got in the car.
Orion, looking at their reflection in the elevator mirror, remarked, "You've improved, at least you knew to call me for help this time."
"It all happened so fast. Some guy at the school gate confessed to me, and I ended up spraying him with a fire extinguisher. He was from Orvin, not someone easy to mess with. In the midst of the conflict, Alaric showed up to intervene, and shoved me into his car. But what I didn't expect was for him to take me to the team's base."
And she certainly didn't expect Alaric to have arranged for so many people to welcome her to the team with banners.
She scoffed internally. For sure she didn't approve; the old Lemira would have felt obligated to join. But now, if she didn't hold herself to those standards, they couldn't hold her to them either.
"Who confessed to you?"
Lemira looked up, "Just the heartthrob from the private school next door!"
Orion squinted, "Was he the one you had a crush on?"
"How's that possible? Not him!" Lemira laughed off the absurdity.
As the elevator stopped, she walked out first. Watching her back, Orion called out in a slightly stiff tone, "Kid, don't rush into love!"
"I know, you've lectured me about it a million times. Don't be such a dad!"
Orion followed her at a leisurely pace, his brows furrowed unwittingly, seemingly pondering over something.
In the kitchen, Lemira noticed fresh vegetables and fruits, surprised, "Are you planning to cook?"
"I was about to call the housekeeper when I got your message."
Feeling a bit guilty, Lemira offered, "Maybe I should cook from now on. I'm actually quite good." After all, she wanted to contribute something in return for Orion's hospitality. Orion eyed her skeptically, "Since when you learned to cook?"
"Back when I was with the Langstons, I often cooked for everyone. Especially since Asher and Lucian have stomach problems, they only liked my cooking."
She paused as she said that, "Anyway, I learned it back then."
To win over her brothers, she had expressly taken lessons from the family's chefs.
Orion seemed displeased, saying slowly, "Kid, your hands weren't meant for cooking."
###Chapter 67
Lemira was momentarily caught off guard.
He said her hands weren't made for cooking. She thought he'd be pleased.
Orion stood there, his demeanor gentle, his tone even, "You don't have to do this to impress me."
A tightness formed in Lemira's chest; her actions were just instinctive, a desire to do something nice. But it seemed Orion saw right through her. Lemira fiddled with a lock of hair near her ear, "Well, okay then."
"The housekeeper will be here soon to make dinner."
Lemira didn't insist. She sneaked a glance at Orion, feeling that he was somehow formidable. Just like the man she'd had a crush on in her past life.
That man had always tried to show her how her brothers weren't good to her, a reality she refused to accept, leading to her tragic end.
Orion's way of speaking was so similar! As this thought crossed her mind, Lemira started to wonder if Orion was the man from her past life.
She was caught in a dilemma. If only she'd met that man in her past life, she'd surely recognize him now.
Soon, the housekeeper arrived, quickly preparing a feast.
The dishes were basically all Lemira's favorites, just looking at them made her mouth water.
She bowed her head and ate earnestly.
Orion, seeing her eat, remarked, "Can't find these at the Langston's?"
Lemira paused, "Evelina has health issues, so she can't eat spicy food, making our meals quite bland."
So, she hardly ever got to eat what she loved at home.
Orion felt a lump in his throat, his breathing constricted as if stuffed with cotton. Despite being a wealthy heiress, her life seemed worse off than that of an ordinary girl. He should have come sooner.
Lemira finished, her belly full. She wiped the corner of her mouth and looked at Orion, who was eating gracefully, every movement elegant.
She was momentarily stunned,
remembering how she devoured the food just now, a striking contrast. She felt amazed how someone could make eating look so good. 
en FindNovel
Orion slowly put down his utensils, "Seen enough?"
Lemira quickly averted her gaze, whispering, "How would you know I was looking if you weren't watching me?"
After dinner, Lemira went straight to the study to work on problem sets.
Orion sat in the living room, and then turned to make a call on the balcony. He stood there, his hand on the railing, "Find out who confessed to Lemira at the school gate this afternoon." en FindNovel
"Orion, someone's making a move on her, huh? Sounds like good news."
Orion's tone was cool, "The guy's from the private high school next door, heard he's the new heartthrob transferred from Orvin."
"Oh, him? No need to look it up; I know who it is. Dorian, Felix's son, got into trouble at Orvin earlier and had to transfer to Lyria." Orion was slightly annoyed, "Warn his family to stay away from Lemira."
"Protecting her so fiercely, huh? Everyone's young at some point. Besides, she'll be off to college soon, bound to have a boyfriend." "Shut it. She doesn't need distractions right now."
Orion glanced towards the study, where Lemira was deeply focused on her work, utterly quiet.
Thaddeus couldn't help but tease, "Alright, I'll let Felix know, but don't you think you're overstepping? What if she likes Dorian? The kid's got a face that girls fall for and knows how to please them, maybe bemira fafts for him too." 
Orion, irritated, retorted, "If your intelligence matched your nonsense, your mother would be relieved."
"Whoa, just making conversation, and you get heated? Just a heads-up, you're the one with a fiancee, remember who you met at the restaurant yesterday." "Stop prying into my business."
Orion hung up the call. He paused, and then walked into the study.
Glancing at her exam paper, he commented: "A bit slow. You can't even solve this?"
###Chapter 68
"Yes, but I'm trying here."
Lemira's abdomen was churning, distracting her from her focus. Probably from the spicy food she'd had earlier.
Orion noticed Lemira's pale complexion and the way her lips had lost their color. He reached out, touching her forehead to check for a fever-nothing. "You feel unwell?" he asked.
Feeling the coolness of his palm, Lemira weakly replied, "Stomach ache. Probably had too many spicy dishes."
It had been a while since she'd indulged like that; her stomach was likely not used to it anymore.
Orion withdrew his hand, turned to fetched some antacid tablets, and brought her a glass of water.
Lemira took the antacid, feeling week.
Orion took her pen away, "Stop working. Rest for today."
Lemira did feel off, suspecting her period might have also started.
As she stood up, she felt it—a telltale trickle. Her face stiffened; she knew it.
Rushing to the bathroom, she found the dreaded red stain. Just her luck. Now what?
That was when she remembered she was at other people's apartment, not her home. And she hadn't bought any pads.
She had planned to stop by the store after school, but then Dorian had confessed his feelings for her, and later, Alaric had whisked her away.
In the end, she'd forgotten all about it.
Orion, growing worried outside after not seeing her come out, knocked on the bathroom door, "Fall in?"
Lemira hesitated, "Could you buy me something?"
"Sure, but come out first."
"I can't, not just yet," Lemira got a bit agitated.
Orion's frown deepened, "What's up? Be honest."
"My period started," her cheeks flushed as she admitted it.
She grew up with brothers, who
were all men, clueless about
women's issues. The first time
got her period, it was their maid who had helped her out. 
Orion stood by the door, "Menstrual period?"
"Yes," her voice was soft, tinged with embarrassment. This was, after all, a private matter.
Orion sighed in relief, "I'll go buy some. Just wait."
Lemira sat on the toilet, waiting for him, feeling an inexplicable sense of comfort.
Orion headed to the convenience store downstairs, staring at the array of pads, deep in thought.
The female clerk brightened up seeing a handsome guy enter but felt a pang of jealousy seeing him peruse the feminine hygiene, products-clearly for his girlfriend. 
The clerk walked over, "Looking for something for your girlfriend, handsome? Day or night use? We also have these gel-based ones, great for summer but a bit pricey." 
Orion pointed with his slender finger, "All of them."
"Everything?"
He nodded, an air of elegance about him, "Yeah."
IMS
"You might not need that much for a month. Maybe get one of each type to see what your girlfriend prefers?"
"Fine," Orion's tone was bland.
The clerk quickly packed the items; then couldn't help but add, "Does your girlfriend need some body warmers too?"
Orion paused, "Yes."
Grabbing a pack of body warmers and some chocolate, the clerk couldn't help but envy the girl for having such a thoughtful and handsome boyfriend.
As Orion walked back with his purchase, a man walked up to him, "Orion, what's with the haul?"
Thaddeus's lips twitched, "If I'm not mistaken, those are pads?"
Since when Orion was so considerate? This didn't bode well. The situation of him and that girl was doomed from the start.
###Chapter 69
Orion cast a cool glance, "What brings you here?"
"Just hanging out, keeping you company, man."
"You can leave now."
Orion, carrying a bag, walked inside, but Thaddeus still followed him, "So cold, man. I think I'll stick around a bit longer."
Thaddeus shamelessly stepped into the elevator, sneaking a peek at the bag, "Got some body warmers, huh? She's dealing with her menstrual period?" Orion simply responded, "Yeah."
"I would never have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes. Orion buying feminine products and even getting ginger tea. That's so considerate." Orion had never been this thoughtful and gentle towards girls before. It was always the girls who were throwing themselves to Orion.
"Just be easy later, don't want to scare her."
After giving his instructions, Orion returned to the apartment, knocking on the bathroom door, "Got the stuff."
Lemira, hearing his voice, slowly approached, her cheeks flushing with warmth. She opened the door slightly, reaching out with her slender hand.
Orion handed over the bag, and she felt its weight, surprised by the amount he'd bought.
Lemira closed the door, smiling uncontrollably as she saw the variety of sanitary pads. He probably didn't know which brand she preferred, so he bought them all. After changing, Lemira stepped out to find a young man she didn't recognize sitting on the couch. She felt a bit awkward.
Thaddeus waved, "Hey girl, I'm Orion's buddy, Thaddeus."
"So, it's you."
Lemira knew she was living in what was supposed to be the place of Orion's friend.
And the time Orion had cleared out the restaurant for her, making Lucian and Evelina leave, was also thanks to his friend.
"Did Orion mention me? Bet he talked trash about me."
"No, I'm just staying in your room for a bit. Wanted to say thanks."
Thaddeus smiled, "Make yourself at home. I have plenty of space and hardly ever come by."
At that moment, Orion came out of the kitchen with a cup of hot water, handing it to Lemira.
She was surprised at it, thinking how thoughtful he was.
Holding the warm cup, she said, "Thanks."
Orion's expression remained neutral, "Drink up and get back for some rest."
Lemira nodded obediently, sipping water slowly, feeling much better. She looked down, realizing it had been years since anyone had taken such care of her.
She stole a glance at Orion, but figured his kindness was probably out of pity. She was the one who had the audacity to stay in the infirmary to finish her homework. en FindNovel
Remembering Orion dining with a beautiful woman at that restaurant, she assumed he must have many girls interested in him. Given the fact that he was older than her and had such charming looks, it was inevitable. 
Quickly averting her gaze, Lemira packed her bag and returned to the neighboring room.
After Lemira left, Thaddeus teased, "Orion, don't you think you're being a bit too nice to her?"
"You talk too much."
"Just looking out for you, man. Don't you think you're underestimating your own charm? You've been nice to her, what if she falls for you?" Thaddeus had noticed the way Lemira looked at Orion; it's easy to guess a young girl's feelings.
Orion, sitting on the couch, replied, "She's got someone she likes."
"Who?"
"She didn't say."
Thaddeus clicked his tongue, "If that's the case, it's suspicious. Might be you."
Orion's lips tightened, "Stop talking nonsense."
"I'm just saying, don't get tangled up with her without resolving your own issues first. There are many ways to help her, but maybe you're being a little too nice?" 
###Chapter 70
"You have no idea, she's having a tough time with the Langstons."
"She's got six brothers looking out for her, how can she have it bad?"
Orion's voice was muffled, "But there's also a stepsister, the driver's daughter. The Langstons treat that girl really well, while Lemira constantly gets sidelined and neglected."
At first, he too thought Lemira had it pretty good, but now he realized she was just like a lost lamb. It tugged his heartstrings, and made him want to treat her a bit better.
After hearing this, Thaddeus sighed, "I knew it. Saw her brother at the infirmary last time and something felt off. Thought it's just her being rebellious, but turns out there's more to it. Just now, seeing how sweet she was, didn't seem like what the rumors said." Who the hell played favorites like that? Neglecting their own sister over a stepsister.
"That's why I want to make it up to her. If it wasn't for her parents' accident, she wouldn't be living like this."
Orion tilted his head, his eyelids drooping, hiding the fleeting sadness in his eyes.
Thaddeus couldn't help but say, "The accident back then was just that, an accident. Don't put all of this on yourself. If you want to do something nice for her, then go ahead, you two are kind of in the same boat."
But Thaddeus was worried, feeling that Orion's way of making amends was crossing a line. Perhaps Orion himself hadn't realized it!
The next day, a torrential rain started pouring.
Lemira watched the heavy rain outside, feeling a bit troubled. It's the first day of her period, and if her shoes got wet, her stomach would surely act up.
As Lemira got her backpack prepared and was ready to leave, she heard the door next to hers open.
Thaddeus waved, "Morning Lemon, it's pouring out there, gonna be tough to hail a cab. We'll give you a ride to school."
Orion stood by, giving her a glance, "Let's go."
Lemira didn't refuse, her mood inexplicably lifting quite a bit.
The three of them headed to the garage, and Lemira saw the black luxury car, turning to Thaddeus, "Is this your car?"
Orion had picked her up in this car yesterday. She had looked it up last night and realized this car wasn't
cheap, costing a cool mars.
Thaddeus coughed, "Ah, yes, definitely my ride. See these lines? Pure class!"
"Never pass up the chance to claim a sweet ride," he thought.
Orion took the passenger seat, casting a cold glance, "Drive!"
"Roger that!" Thaddeus was more than willing, especially since he had his eye on this car before Orion got to it.
Sitting in the back, Lemira noticed their dynamic and felt a pang of envy.
Due to Evelina, she had always been somewhat friendless. She envied the way Orion interacted with his friends.
With the rain coming down hard and traffic piling up, they finally arrived at the school entrance where there were crowded with people and vehicles. 
Orion was the first to get out, holding a large black umbrella, and stood by the rear door. Lemira paused, opened the door and then stepped out.
The rain was heavy, blurring everything around her. But not a single drop touched her.
His slender hand held the umbrella, revealing just a bit of his wrist. The large umbrella shielded her from the rain, giving her a dry space.
Lemira asked, "Is there just one umbrella?"
"Of course not, Lemon. You take the umbrella to school."
Thaddeus braved the rain to retrieve another umbrella from the back and then stood near Orion, clearly trying to keep the latter and Lemira apart. 
Orion, unfazed, handed the umbrella to Lemira. When she took it, it still retained his warmth.
Lemira looked down, "Then I'll get going." Feeling uplifted, she walked ahead.
"Lemmy, wait up, mind if I share the umbrella?"
###Chapter 71
As Lemira heard Evelina's voice, her brows furrowed slightly.
Evelina had dashed under her umbrella, holding her backpack over her head to shield herself from the rain, and flashed an innocent smile, "I lent my umbrella to a friend. Can we walk together?" "No," with that curt reply, Lemira turned and walked away, not giving Evelina a chance to respond.
Evelina stood there in disbelief, quickly getting soaked by the pouring rain. She couldn't believe that Lemira would reject her in front of everyone!
Evelina's expression darkened. She had hoped to mend fences with Lemira, especially after noticing the shift in Lucian and Alaric's attitudes.
Feeling threatened, she feared losing her place in the Langston family if Lemira was to be won over again. So, she had thought it best to try and get along with Lemira.
But seeing Lemira's unexpectedly cold rejection, Evelina thought, "Well, then don't blame me for not being nice."
From inside a luxury car parked by the curb.
Thaddeus observed the scene unfold not far, "Lemon's got quite the temper, huh? Turned her down flat."
Orion gazed thoughtfully, "You can't be too saintly in this world."
Everything Lemira had gone through was because of Evelina.
Back in the classroom, Lemira hung her umbrella at the back. Soon after, Evelina returned to the classroom drenched, looking utterly miserable.
Upon seeing it, the teacher, concerned, asked, "Evelina, didn't you bring an umbrella? Your clothes are soaked through; you'll catch a cold." Evelina showed her pale face, "I'm fine."
Judy immediately complained, "It's all because Lemira left Evelina in the rain while she herself stayed dry under her umbrella. It's just too much."
Filled with annoyance and exasperation, Lemira thought to herself, "Not this damn drama again."
But this time, before she could respond, Jessica spoke up first, "I clearly saw Evelina give her umbrella away and then insist on sharing Lemira's. Lemira didn't want to, and what's wrong with that?"
Judy retorted, "But in such heavy rain, Lemira could've been more compassionate instead of leaving Eve out in the cold."
Jessica hit back, "Evelina could've shared with whoever she lent her umbrella to. Why insist on Lemira? Knowing well Lemira dislikes her, she still provoked, and now plays the victim, claiming it's Lemira who left her alone." Jessica's justifiable speech demonstrated the whole story in a clear and logical manner.
Lemira was surprised Jessica had witnessed the whole ordeal and even stood up for her, a first since she rarely had friends.
Judy was left momentarily speechless, "Still, Lemira leaving her behind was wrong."
Evelina was surprised someone defended Lemira, given she's usually isolated in class. Evelina then reassured the teacher with an understanding look, "I'm really okay. It's all a misunderstanding."
The teacher coughed, dropping the subject, "Alright, let's start the class."
Evelina felt sidelined, not expecting the teacher to actually let it go. She thought, "Damn it! This isn't going as planned."
After class, Lemira headed to the restroom.
Emerging from a stall, she overheard Judy gossiping with others. Once Lemira appeared at the wash basin, the place fell silent.
Judy sneered, "Some people, acting all righteous even when they're clearly in the wrong. Just because they come from money, so pompous!"
She even splashed water towards Lemira. Already on edge, Lemira kicked a mop bucket towards her.
Judy was startled to scream, "What are you doing?"
Lemira, looking up, warned with a dangerous calm, "Try me again, and see if I don't wash out your filthy mouth with that water for good!"
###Chapter 72
She approached slowly, her presence making the sidekick step back in apprehension.
Her voice was cool and detached, "Knowing full well that I am a Langston, you better watch your step. Otherwise, I'll hand over all the evidence of you helping Evelina cheat to the school. Evelina might get off scot-free, but you? I wouldn't be so sure." Ever since the cheating scandal, Wendy had taken leave and hadn't returned to school.
Lemira's face was pale, her demeanor volatile and unapproachable. Judy, petrified, scampered away.
Only then did Lemira exit the restroom, to be met by Jessica, "Lemira, if Evelina decides to snitch to the teachers, I can vouch for you. It was them who started badmouthing you."
At the sight of Jessica, Lemira's expression softened slightly, "Thanks."
She hadn't wanted to deal with Evelina and her clique. But some people just need to be set straight!
Jessica adjusted her black-framed glasses, a hint of guilt in her expression, "I'm so sorry, we all misunderstood you because of Evelina's act, and you've been ostracized for so long." Everyone had thought poorly of Lemira, blaming her for bullying Evelina.
"It's all in the past," Lemira spoke with indifference.
Indeed, because of Evelina, she had been friendless in class. She had too much on her plate now to dwell on these matters.
When Lemira returned to the classroom, she didn't even glance at Evelina. Her words to the sidekick served as a warning to Evelina as well.
The rain had poured all day long.
At the end of the school day, Orion texted her to wait up. Lemira, umbrella in hand, headed straight for the infirmary.
What she hadn't expected was to find Evelina there, lying on a bed receiving IV fluids. But wasn't Evelina supposed to have been picked up by her family? Why was she here? Orion, busy with the IV bag, uttered as he noticed Lemira, "Just a minute."
Lemira nodded.
Looking weak, Evelina spoke, "Lemmy, you're here. Lucian was supposed to pick me up, but he hasn't shown up. Could you call him for me?" Lemira's lips were pressed, "Don't you have hands?"
"Eve, are you okay?"
Braving the rain, Alaric walked in. Seeing Evelina on the bed, he frowned at Lemira, "Eve's sick and just needs a phone call. Is that so hard? You can have your grievances against us, but Eve owes you nothing." 
He had overheard Lemira's refusal, so cold and distant.
Lemira was no stranger to such accusations, while Orion's response was icy, "Isn't it the responsibility of you, the family, rather than Lemira?"
"It's all because Lemira refused to
share her umbrella with Evelina this morning, making her catch a cold!" Alaric was indignant, "Lemira, I know your grades have improved, but that doesn't give you the right to let Eve get sick. You knew her poor health conditions, how could you just turn her away?" 
Lemira remained impassive, "Because I dislike her."
"Lemira! That's too much, Eve's father once saved your life! Is this how you treat the daughter of your savior?" Alaric couldn't contain his anger. Seeing Lemira's aloofness, he was disappointed, "Lemira, ever since you started hanging out with this school doctor, you've become less like you."
Orion scoffed, "It's not that Lemira
has changed, but rather, she's no longer part of your squad, no longer the pushover you could bully and boss around like a dog. That's why you're getting furious. You're just upset because you can't benefit from Lemira anymore." 
Alaric was livid immediately, "Lemira, is that what you think, too?"
###Chapter 73
Lemira stood there, her figure slender and her expression serene.
"Yes!"
"Alright, alright!"
Without a second thought, Alaric yanked out Evelina's IV and scooped her up, "We're leaving, we're not staying here to get treated."
Evelina, silently wrapping her arms around Alaric's neck, couldn't help but feel a bit smug.
As Alaric approached the door, he saw the pouring rain outside and realized his umbrella was laughably small.
He glanced at Lemira's large umbrella and declared righteously, "Give me yours. You can manage with a small one."
Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "Why should I?"
"Eve's sick because of you. It's only right you give up the umbrella."
Orion, with a frosty look, stomped on the small umbrella Alaric had kicked over, crushing it.
"When she considered you brothers, you had the right to make any requests. But now that she doesn't, what do you think you are?" Orion's expression was icy.
Alaric was fuming, "Lemira, do you have to make things difficult for everyone? Getting involved with some guy and causing trouble at home?"
Lemira didn't respond, simply walked over to Alaric, her eyes clear and determined. She opened the umbrella, shielding the interior from the rain.
Alaric was stern, "If you come to your senses now, it's still not too late! That school doctor is bad news, he's up to no good!"
The next second, Lemira slapped him. The slap left Alaric stunned.
Had it not been for the pain on his face, he might have thought he was dreaming. Holding Evelina, he couldn't dodge, but he hadn't expected Lemira to actually hit him! Seeing this, Evelina quickly spoke up, "Lemmy, how could you hit Alaric? If you don't want to swap umbrellas, fine, but you can't hit-ah!"
Lemira slapped Evelina too. And then, silence fell.
Her eyes showed a hint of red, her voice indifferent, "I did it, so what? You can criticize me, but not him!"
Lemira, furious, turned to Orion, "Let's go."
Orion was surprised she'd defended him. He took the umbrella from her, and together they walked into the downpour.
It took Alaric a moment to snap out
of it and he chased after them, rain pelting down on them. Evelina, already feeling under the weather for the cold, was now even more uncomfortable. en FindNovel
She was annoyed. What was this dumbass thinking? She didn't want to get wet!
Trying to suppress her irritation, she feigned a cough, "Alaric, I feel dizzy and sick." Alaric then remembered he wasn't alone. Reluctantly, he said, "Eve, I'll take you back first." By then, Lemira and Orion were already far away.
vel?
Back in the car, Lemira noticed Orion's shoulder was wet from the rain. He must have tilted the umbrella towards her, getting himself wet in the process. 
Orion started the car, "That was brave of you."
Lemira looked slightly uncomfortable, "I didn't like what they were saying about you."
"That angry?"
She paused, "You're my first friend, after all. I don't want people talking about you like that."
She didn't care what Alaric thought of her. Because she simply didn't care about him. But she couldn't stand them talking about Orion. Orion, looking ahead, smiled slightly.
Back at the apartment, Lemira's
phone was ringing off the hook, but
when she saw it was Lucian calling, she muted it instead of picking up. 
Lucian, looking at the unanswered call helplessly, turned to Alaric, "She's not picking up."
"Lucian, I've always said she's gone off the rails, and you've indulged her. Today she even dared to hit me and Eve."
Lucian replied, "You've hit her before too, right? Now you're even."
"How can that be the same? I'm her brother! Besides, Eve didn't provoke her, did she?"
###Chapter 74
Lucian let out a sigh, "I know, but Lemmy's not as easy to coax as before. If you didn't have an umbrella, why didn't you just have the driver send it instead of insisting on getting the one she had?" He knew Lemira wasn't taking kindly to them these days, yet he still expected her to give in! Wasn't that just asking for trouble himself?
"I was just trying to save time, and besides, can Lemira really handle such a big umbrella by herself? If she doesn't want to give it, fine, but to actually resort to hitting me?"
After coming back, Alaric was more fuming when he thought about it, "No, this won't do. I need to send her a message to clear things up."
[Lemira, where are you right now?]
As soon as the message was sent, a notification popped up: You are not friends with the recipient. Please add them as a friend and try again.
Alaric's face turned pale with anger; gritted his teeth, he snapped, "She deleted me! How dare she!"
Lucian was somewhat helpless, "I've warned you, don't act rashly. You're still in the cooling-off period, you can't just go see her. If she calls the cops, you could be in trouble." "Am I supposed to be scared of her? Fine, I'll act like I don't have a sister like her!"
In a fit of anger, Alaric threw his phone down! He couldn't believe he had been deleted, feeling utterly humiliated.
"Stop talking nonsense. She's going through her rebellious teenage years, and she's been wronged before and influenced by that school doctor, that's why she's become like this. She's our sister, and nothing can change that."
Lucian's resolve was clear, "I'll find a way to bring her home. If you don't want to lose your sister, don't do anything."
Alaric stayed quiet after that.
During dinner, he barely touched his food, "Who made it? It's awful. What happened to the chef we had before?"
The butler replied uneasily, "The pork was actually made by Ms. Langston before. She adjusted the seasoning to your taste, and the other chefs can't replicate it."
Alaric froze on spot, staring at the plate of pork, lost in thought. He had never discovered or even noticed these details before.
After Lemira left, his life and the gaming team were a mess! Realizing he'd been deleted, he felt more panic than anger.
He hadn't realized how big of an impact Lemira had on him.
---
The next day, Lemira went to school as usual, but Evelina called in sick and didn't show up.
Lucian watched Lemira from the hallway, sitting up straight in class, her profile serious and focused.
Seeing this, he felt momentarily dazed. Lemira had indeed changed a lot recently.
Lucian hesitated before asking, "How has Lemira been performing lately?"
The teacher replied, "Lemira has made significant progress. I hope the family can pay more attention to her and try not to let her be negatively influenced. I think her previous poor performance was because of the family's influence, leading her not to take her studies seriously." 
Lucian puzzled, "Influenced by us? What do you mean?"
"Actually, Evelina's grades have always been average, but Lemira is quite intelligent. Could it be because you've been focusing too much on Evelina so Lemira deliberately
performed poorly to avoid putting
pressure on Evelina?
I probably shouldn't be the one to say this, but Evelina is a bit petty, and that might be why Lemira's grades have been poor these last three years."
The teacher spoke diplomatically. Lucian's face nearly dropped after this.
Was Lemira really performing poorly
on purpose to avoid putting
pressure on Evelina? Thinking about Lemira's recent changes and her sudden improvement in grades felt like a stab in his heart, leading to a duffache. 
Lucian could barely stand, "Could you ask Lemira to come out for a moment?"
He needed to ask Lemira if it was really true!
###Chapter 75
Lemira glanced up to see her teacher, and following that gaze, she saw Lucian standing outside the classroom. Lips pressed into a thin line, she finally stepped out.
Her expression was blank, "If you're here to ask me to take notes for Evelina, you might as well not bother."
She didn't need to guess why Lucian was at school; it's obviously to excuse Evelina's absence.
Lucian had a habit of asking her to take notes for Evelina and even bring her homework home every day. Lucian felt a tightness in his chest, "Lemmy, is that really what you think of me?"
Lemira's patience was wearing thin, "Are you done?"
"Lemmy, I remember back in elementary school, you were a top student. Then your grades started fluctuating, even getting worse. Were you doing that on purpose to match Evelina, or even score lower than her?" Lemira halted, surprised he knew. Her eyes revealed doubt, puzzled by Lucian's intentions.
Seeing her expression, Lucian knew his suspicions were true, and it saddened him. He wondered why he hadn't noticed Lemira's changes before, that she was actually kind to Evelina.
But they had grown accustomed to favoring Evelina, and over time, they took Lemira's need for their care for granted.
Lemira was getting impatient, "Why are you asking all this? Isn't it pointless?"
"Lemon, just answer yes or no."
"What's the point?"
Lemira took a step back, putting distance between them. Her expression was defiant, "Lucian, if you really want to apologize or make amends, then don't bother me before my exams!" Lucian managed a bitter smile, stung by the wariness in her eyes. He realized how little trust Lemira had in them.
Finally, he responded with difficulty, "Okay, I promise."
Lemira lowered her gaze, "Thank you."
"Lemmy, you don't need to thank me for this."
Lucian's voice was hoarse as he cautiously asked, "Where are you staying these days?"
Lemira eyed him warily, wondering what he was up to.
"Don't get me wrong. You've never lived away from home before, and I'm just worried about how you're managing."
The bitterness in Lucian's heart deepened. His once adoring little sister was now so distant. It struck him how late he was in realizing this.
Lemira responded coolly, "I'm fine."
In her previous life, after being kicked out, she had slept on the streets been harassed by beggars, and even rummaged through trash cans. She had endured all kinds of hardships. 
Lucian pondered before speaking, "You should move back. Alaric will probably talk to Asher about this, and you know how Asher is. It could affect your exam prep. And the schooDdoctor, he could get
serious trouble. If you're intell
willing to
move back, I won't interfere with your activities, including weekends. What do you say?" 
Lemira fell silent.
"Lemmy, you don't have to decide right now. Go back to class. If you don't want to return, I'll cover for you with Asher."
Lemira's torn. She didn't want to owe him any favors.
Turning around, Lemira headed back to the classroom, needing time to think.
Lucian cast her a glance, and then headed straight for the infirmary.
Orion was sitting there, one hand resting on the arm of his chair, revealing a bit of his wrist adorned with a watch. He looked up, a touch of cool detachment in his gaze. Lucian took in the sight of the doctor, noticing the watch and feeling a surge of surprise.
That watch was a limited edition, not just expensive but hard to come by. This doctor was definitely not ordinary.
Lucian spoke up, "I'm here about my sister. She can't keep living with you."
"So?"
"If you truly have her best interests at heart, stop encouraging her. If y brother finds out, she'll be confined to the Langston estate, which won't be good for her exams next month." 
en FindNovel
###Chapter 76
"I just hope everything stays peaceful before the exams. We're all doing this for her own good. What do you think?"
Orion's voice was calm, laced with a hint of arrogance, "You're not in a position to talk to me, and no one can force Lemira to agree. Otherwise, the kind of trouble your company faced before that playoff, it'll happen again." Lucian's face paled, "Was that your doing?"
They were supposed to participate in the competition. But their company ran into trouble at the same time, and both Lucian and Caspian had to miss the competition. Caspian was still stuck there, dealing with the aftermath, unable to return.
Lucian's gaze towards Orion hardened, "Who exactly are you? What are your intentions with getting close to Lemira?"
A school doctor, pulling off something like this? Why would he deliberately get close to Lemira?
Orion's tone was boldly dismissive, "That's none of your business. In any case, nobody can stop Lemira from doing what she wants!"
Lucian's Adam's apple bobbed, "But she'll agree. Though she hit them yesterday, Lemira is a kind-hearted kid."
Orion scoffed, "She was on her period yesterday, she shouldn't have been out in the rain or touch water at all. And what did you do? You think you're worthy of her kindness?" Lucian felt a pang in his chest. What had they done? Alaric had pressured Lemira to give her umbrella to Evelina.
He couldn't rebut a single word and left the infirmary in embarrassment.
---
At lunchtime, Lemira headed straight to the infirmary after eating.
She saw Orion still having his lunch as walking in, "Still eating? The staff meals are better than ours, huh?" "Got something to say?"
Orion slowly put down his utensils, guessing what she might be about to say from her expression. Lucian indeed knew Lemira well, always able to pinpoint her weaknesses. 
en FindNovel
After thinking for a moment, Lemira said, "Lucian talked to me today. To avoid any unnecessary trouble, I've decided to move back home."
"Suit yourself," Orion's tone was somewhat cold.
Lemira glanced at him, "Then I'll head back to class." She left without further explanation.
As she walked away, a voice called out, "Lemmy, don't be mad at Orion. It's just his way."
"I know, I'm not mad."
"Then why suddenly decide to move back? Your brothers always favored that adopted sister over you, didn't they?"
Lemira hesitated before saying, "I'm
worried Asher will find out and cause trouble. He has a short fuse,
and Ddon't want him to make things
difficult for Orion." 
"It seems you as his protegé is grateful."
Lemira blushed slightly, "Anyway, I've already talked it over with Lucian, so moving back shouldn't be a problem. It'll save a lot of trouble."
After Lemira left, Thaddeus
sauntered back into the infirmary "Did you hear that? Your protege is doing something nice for you, wants to protect you. Don't scare her with that scowl." 
Orion frowned, "I need her protection?"
"Yeah, yeah, as if anyone would dare mess with you. But she doesn't know about your real identity. It's rare to find someone as genuine as her." "No need for your commentary."
Orion was internally upset. Lucian really knew how to manipulate Lemira.
Back when Lemira was with the Langston family, they never cared that much about her. Now that she'd gone, they shamelessly try to pull her back. "Orion, there's something I've always wondered about. How did Lemon learn the twelve-hit combo? That's your signature move!"
###Chapter 77
Orion slouched in his chair, his gaze half-lowered, and he simply shrugged, "Beats me."
"You sure you didn't secretly coach her hand by hand?"
"She claims it was all self-taught."
Thaddeus couldn't hide his astonishment, "No way, she actually figured it out on her own? Ever since you nailed that twelve-hit combo and became a legend, countless folks have tried and failed." Anyone familiar with the character gunner knew the legendary difficulty of King's twelve-hit combo. It wasn't just about having the talent; it required real brains too.
Unless King personally tutored them, which was a privilege almost no one enjoyed, mastering it was next to impossible.
Lemira was the first to break the mold! To this day, gamers everywhere are still buzzing with speculation about Lemira's connection to King.
Tapping the table with his slender fingers, Orion mused, "But she's smart, undeniably talented." She was destined to go even further than he ever could.
After school, Lemira made her way to the school entrance where the family chauffeur waited respectfully by the car. She cast a glance toward the infirmary before bending to get into the vehicle. Returning to the Langston mansion, as gazing at it, she felt a strange sense of unfamiliarity with the place she once held dear. Now, it all felt distant.
Entering the foyer, Lucian stood up, "You're back. Let's have dinner first; I had the kitchen prepare your favorites."
"I'll be eating in my room from now on," Lemira declared, heading upstairs directly.
Lucian turned to the butler, "Take a meal up to her, will you?"
The butler was somewhat
dissatisfied, Mr. Lucian Langston, Ms. Langston's behavior clearly
suggests she has issues with Moet
Sterling. If word gets out, people might think Ms. Langston doesn't allow you to share a table with Ms. Sterling." 
Evelina quickly interjected, "Zack, don't say that. Maybe Lemmy just wants to save time by eating in her room."
"Ms. Sterling, you're too kind-hearted."
Lucian frowned, "Enough. If she prefers not to dine with us, so be it. As long as we keep quiet, who's to know what happens within the Langston walls?" Zack finally closed his mouth with a resigned smile.
Evelina, sensing Lucian's changes, felt a pang of panic. She couldn't afford to lose their favor. Coughing slightly, she offered, "Lucian, I tried my hand at making some nutritious dish today, have a try. I know it can't compare to Lemmy's, but will do my best." 
Seeing the dish, Lucian couldn't help but feel a touch more affectionate toward Evelina, "You didn't have to go through the trouble."
"But I must. Your stomach has been acting up, and needs be paid more attention to. Until Lemmy comes around, I'll take care of you on her behalf."
Evelina was still ill with her face pale. Lucian smiled reassuringly, "It's the thought that counts."
He tasted the dish, which fell short of Lemira's culinary magic, yet for Evelina's sake, he ate some, all the while missing Lemira's cooking more deeply than ever. Upstairs, Lemira entered her room to find her belongings tampered with. Irritated but considering her impending departure from the Langston mansion, she let it slide.
"Ms. Langston, here's your dinner," Zack announced, carrying the tray. Yet, he couldn't help but add, "Ms. Langston, forgive my bluntness, but visiting so rarely, how could you not dine with everyone? If rumors spread, people might think you're Snubbing Ms. Sterling, refusing to let her join you at the table."
Looking at the butler in front, Lemira furrowed her brows furrowed in annoyance. He'd showed a blatant bias toward Evelina before, almost treating her like his own daughter.
In her previous life, Evelina had manipulated many situations to her advantage at the Langston house, often with his covert support, leading Lemira into one trap after another.
###Chapter 78
She raised her hand and sent the plate in Zack's hands flying, her eyes glinting with a frosty chill.
Her face was stone cold, "Get this straight, you're just a butler, not someone who gets to boss me around."
Zack was visibly annoyed, "Ms. Sterling, I might just be a servant, but I still have the right to speak the truth!" "Oh, and why should I listen?"
When Lemira returned to the Langston's, her patience had run dry. She used to think she could just watch from the sidelines and not take it to heart.
But some people just had to push their luck! Like the butler, for instance!
"Lemmy, what happened?"
Lucian rushed up after hearing from the servants that something was amiss, and upon seeing the spilled food, he instinctively asked, "Didn't the meal suit your taste?"
Zack looked as if he was on the verge of tears, "Mr. Lucian Langston, I was merely advising Ms. Langston not to eat alone in her room, to avoid gossip. But she not only spilled the food but also said I, being a mere servant, had no right to say such things." Lucian frowned, "Zack, indeed, you're not in a position to say that to her."
Zack was stunned, not expecting Lucian to take Lemira's side this time!
Evelina immediately stood by the butler, "Lucian, Zack meant well. He's been with the Langston family for so many years, just like my dad. Even though he's a servant, he's been loyal."
Lucian's expression softened at those words, "That's not what I meant."
"Everyone out!" Lemira didn't want to see them anymore.
Lucian said, "I'll have someone clean up and bring another meal up shortly."
He then left the room, turning to the butler, "From now on, show some respect to Lemmy. If it's not your place to say it, then don't."
Lucian had just realized that even a butler dared to lecture Lemira. It seemed over the years, they had indeed neglected Lemira, allowing the servants to follow suit. He wasn't doing his job as her brother.
Evelina watched Lucian's retreating figure, feeling a bit panicked inside. Lucian had indeed changed.
Had it been before, Lucian would have surely taken Zack's side. She needed to find a way to stop this.
After Lemira's outburst, a servant quickly cleaned up and sent up another dinner. Finally, no one lectured her anymore.
After finishing her homework, she opened her chat app, wanting to invite Orion online for a game.
She saw a friend request from
Alaric. Lemira glanced at it and
immediately clicked ignore, not
swnovel
accepting the friend requesto 
She didn't want his lectures or his so-called apologies from on high!
She messaged Orion: [Orion, up for a instance dungeon run?] While waiting for a reply, Lemira had
already booted up heel.ne
computer.
She saw a game alert: [Reapers invites King's protege to join, SkyBlaze is shaken!] Curious, she clicked in.
novel
Reapers' team leader Matthew had publicly invited her to join the team. Alaric Rad publicly refused, his attitude stark: [My sister will not join your team.] 
Lemira was puzzled, why would Matthew invite her to his team? Didn't Matthew know she was Alaric's sister?
Seeing her friend come online, she immediately invited Orion to join her team.
Time Rewind asked: [Who are you?]
Lemira replied: [Orion, is it really you?]
Time Rewind: [Holy smoke, my brother actually got a girl to game with!]
Matthew was so shocked he plopped down on the spot!
###Chapter 79
When Lemira saw the message, she couldn't hide her surprise.
[Wait, you're his younger brother?]
Matthew struggled to his feet, his fingers trembling as he typed: [Yeah, I'm the adorable, obedient, and extremely talented little brother. Since when did he take on a protege? How come I didn't know about it?] Could it be that the Langston girl was really Orion's protege? Testing the waters, Matthew asked: [Are you Lemira?]
[It's me. He mentioned me?] Lemira was taken aback that Orion's brother knew of her!
Matthew was shocked to his core, dropping a string of "Holy cows!"
Shaking, he called Orion, who picked up immediately, his tone cool, "What's up?"
Orion was sitting in front of his computer in the study, pinching the bridge of his nose as he exited a program.
"Orion, not cool. Sneaking around taking Lemira as your protege. She pulled off a twelve-hit combo you never taught me! Am I even your real brother? I must be adopted!"
Orion straightened up, "How do you know about it?"
"I just logged into your account. She was looking for you, and I tricked her into spilling the beans."
Only then did Orion notice Lemira's recent message.
His tone was cold, "Log off now!"
"You haven't answered why you would teach Lemira the twelve-hit combo and not me? You didn't know she's my competition?"
"She figured it out herself. Count to three and log off!" Orion's tone grew stern.
After memorizing Lemira's username, Matthew logged off reluctantly.
"Orion, you're so into it. Is she your new girlfriend? I support you rebelling against an arranged marriage for love!"
"Shut it. What did you tell her?"
"N-Nothing much, just that I'm your brother."
Orion hung up directly. He logged back into the game and indeed saw Lemira online.
For a moment, he felt a bit panicked. He had almost thought Lemira knew his true identity.
Orion watched Lemira online, hesitating to make a move.
Lemira found it odd too - the account suddenly logged off, then back on, but with no further action.
Could it have been hacked? Who would bother hacking a minor account?
Lemira texted Orion. [Orion, someone logged into your gaming account. Were you hacked?]
Seeing her message, he finally invited Lemira to join his team.
"It was someone else who logged in."
"Your brother, he told me himself. I thought your account got hacked." Orion's tone was calm, "No hack. Just ignore him."
Lemira didn't probe further. While on a quest, she
they
Sai Wer
Reapers' captain
invited me to join his teent
Orion frowned, "When?" Was Matthew looking for trouble?
"Just now. I saw the captain publicly challenging Alaric. Guess he wanted to rile up him, quite unexpected."
Orion checked the game news and
indeed
the highlighted post. His
seriously." 
"Of course, I didn't. The Reapers are formidable, sure to join the national team someday."
"You're not any less!" Orion's words slipped out before he could stop them.
Lemira's eyes widened as he awkwardly turned away, "With me around, you'll be the strongest one day."
His tone carried a hint of pride.
Lemira smiled, "I hope to join the national team too if it's possible, to make our country proud."
She didn't have the chance in her previous life, as Evelina had taken her spot.
Orion's tone was even, "Easy, we'll talk after your exams."
After completing the quest, Lemira logged off.
Orion immediately called Matthew who answered right away, "Orion you finally called! I've been dying here What's the deal with your protege?" 
"First: Don't talk about this with anyone, especially our family."
Matthew straightened up, "Got it. I'd never betray you."
"Second: Lemira doesn't know who I am yet. We can't blow my cover."
###Chapter 80
"Got it. After all, there are so many gold diggers out there these days, hiding your identity helps in developing a genuine connection! But, isn't my sister-in-law a bit too young? You into younger girls now?" Orion's tone was laced with impatience, "None of that's true. Drop it, and don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong. Got it?"
Matthew shrank a little, "Alright, I got it." Just a question, why get so heated?
After laying down the law, Orion finally spoke up again, "You thinking of inviting her to join the team?"
"Ah, crossed my mind, but I'm more interested in getting under Alaric's skin. The dude's all bark and no bite! Heard he doesn't get along with his sister, so thought I'd stir the pot."
"Wait till her exams are over before you pull any stunts. Don't do these things right now; it might influence her."
Once Orion hung up, Matthew wasted no time adding Lemira as a friend in the game, curious about what she meant to his brother.
He'd never seen his brother with a girl before. And definitely never seen him treat any girl this well!
A month flew by in no time.
Lemira watched the classroom countdown hit zero, and finally, the day had arrived. She was determined to correct the mistakes of her past, starting here.
After school, Lemira headed straight for the infirmary.
Thaddeus waved, "Lemon, big test tomorrow, feeling nervous?"
"Not really, more like looking forward to it."
Lemira glanced at Orion, who was sitting there in his lab coat, looking all stern and distant. But she knew Orion was one of the good guys.
Their eyes met. Orion saw the anticipation in her eyes; she was an open book to him.
He said calmly, "Good luck."
"I'll need it."
Lemira smiled, "Guess I'll head out then, bye."
She'd come here just to hear those two words from him. After all, aside from Orion, it seemed like no one else really rooted for her.
Once Lemira left, Thaddeus clicked his tongue, "Such a bright and polite protege makes me wish I had one."
Orion remained silent, eyes closed, feigning sleep.
"Orion, once her exams are done, you planning on heading back? Or you gonna watch over her forever?"
Orion slowly opened his eyes, a deep, unreadable look within them. Forever? He hadn't thought about that He just did what felt right.
---
The exams began.
Lemira had a great night's sleep and woke up feeling refreshed.
She headed to the dining hall for breakfast. The family chef made pasta.
But Evelina was coughing weakly, looking like she hadn't fully recovered from her cold.
Lucian was worried about Evelina, "You alright? Been a month and still sick?"
The butler immediately came to her defense, "All because she got soaked in the rain and caught a nasty cold."
Lemira heard this but chose to ignore it. Not her damn problem!
Evelina tried to smooth things over, "Lucian, it's just me being weak, and then the rain didn't help. My fault, really."
"Eve, don't be so hard on yourself. Just do your best, don't stress."
Lemira kept her head down, focusing on her meal, completely ignoring the chatter around her. She had prepared for this moment and wasn't going to let anything or anyone throw her off. 
Lucian personally drove them to the school for their exams.
As they drove, the skies opened up, cooling down the air but causing traffic to snarl.
Evelina, looking pale and sickly, said, "Lemmy, good luck with your exams."
Lemira turned her head to look out the window, offering no response.
Evelina bit her lip in frustration, sneaking a glance at the passenger seat where Lucian was, but the latter said nothing.
If this had been any other time,
Lucian would've scolded Lemira for her attitude! Despite her efforts over the month, nothing seemed to have changed. 
They arrived at the school, and as Lemira got out, her stationery spilled from her bag onto the ground.
Bending down to pick it up, she realized something was off - all her supplies were subpar!
Panic set in for a moment. How did this happen? She looked up at Evelina, realizing she was the only one capable of such sabotage.
###Chapter 81
Lemira's gaze was malicious, as if she were ready to pounce.
Evelina took a step back, "Lemmy, why are you glaring at me like that? It's not like I'm the one who knocked your stuff to the floor." Lucian approached with concern, "Lemmy, what's up?"
With considerable effort, Lemira suppressed her rising anger, "My stationery's busted."
"How can it be busted?"
Lucian glanced at the stationery, his face going pale, "You head inside, I'll run to the store and get you some new stuff right away." Regret gnawed at Lemira. She shouldn't have decided to stay with the Langstons.
She had been careless this time. Determined, Lemira planned to call Orion, having little faith in Lucian's promise.
Evelina chimed in, "Lucian, why not lend Lemmy mine in the meantime? I'll wait for you to bring the stationery." "No need, I'll buy her new ones."
Lucian turned to Lemira, "Lemmy, trust me, head inside, or you'll be late for the test."
Finally, Lemira gave Lucian a look before turning and walking towards the school to wait in the exam hall.
The day brought heavy rain and traffic jams, indeed leaving them almost out of time. But Lemira had a sinking feeling.
Evelina, passing by with her umbrella, feigned concern, "Hope Lucian makes it back before the test starts."
Lemira, holding her large black umbrella, silently watched ahead, ignoring Evelina's words. Evelina, feeling snubbed, stomped off.
At heart, Evelina was a bit resentful; she had hoped Lemira would only discover the faulty stationery during the test.
Lemira sure was lucky.
The rain outside grew heavier. Lemira quickly made a call to Orion.
He answered instantly, "What's up? You should be in the classroom right now!"
"My stationery's broken, waiting for Lucian to bring new ones, but he's not back yet."
Orion sat up straight, "Go wait in the classroom."
After hanging up, Lemira continued to watch outside until a teacher reminded her to enter the classroom, and she headed towards the building. She trusted Orion.
After finding her seat in the
classroom and settling down, the bell rang. The principal hurried in, stationery in hand, which he handed to the proctor before it was passed totemira. 
en FindNovel
Lemira was surprised to see the principal delivering it but had no time to ponder as the test was about to begin.
As time ticked away, Lemira breathed a sigh of relief after finishing the first subject.
Stepping out of the exam hall, she looked up at the clearing skies, feeling somewhat relieved.
As Lemira reached the school gates, Lucian rushed over, "Lemmy, how'd it go? The rain was heavy, and the driver took a wrong turn; it took me ages to find the stationery, but it
too late by then."
Lucian was drenched, his face etched with guilt. Lemira remained cool; she had anticipated this might happen.
But now, she wasn't really angry. She had grown accustomed to disappointment from her brothers.
It turned out not caring spared one from pain.
Seeing Lemira's expression, Lucian felt a pang of fear, "Lemmy, say something, please? Or yell at me, that's fine too!"
Lemira took a step back, widening the gap between them. Lucian's heart sank.
Just then, Evelina burst out, "Lucian, you were late, weren't you? Didn't deliver the stationery in time? That must've affected Lemmy quite a bit." Seeing Lemira's impassive face, Evelina couldn't hide her smugness.
Lucian, feeling deeply remorseful,
said to Lemira, "I'm sorry, it's entirely
my fault. If the exam didn't go well for you, I'm willing to take a gap year with you!" 
Lemira suddenly let out a cold laugh, "Lucian, forget it, let's just leave it at that."
Lucian froze, wondering what she meant by that. He would've preferred Lemira to vent her anger, to blame him, rather than this unsettling indifference.
###Chapter 82
It felt like he was just a stranger!
Lemira turned and walked in the opposite direction, where Orion stood waiting quietly with a black umbrella in hand.
She quickened her pace towards him, looking at him, "Was it you who asked the principal to deliver the stationery to me?"
Orion, seeing the smile on her face, guessed she wasn't too troubled by the whole mess. Hiding his irritation, he replied calmly, "Yeah." "Thanks a lot, you've been a huge help!"
After saying this, Lemira patted her stomach, "I'm starving. Let's grab some lunch. I've got to prep for the exam this afternoon."
As Lemira got into the car, Lucian's frantic voice came from outside, "Lemmy, where are you going? I need to talk to you!"
He held onto the car door, looking at Lemira inside with a hint of panic.
Lemira, expressionless, replied, "no need."
"Lemmy, I really didn't mean to be late."
Her gaze was clear and direct, "I know. So, can you let go now?"
But Lucian didn't let go. Or rather, he didn't dare to.
He had a bad feeling, fearing that once he let go, Lemira would never come back.
Thaddeus couldn't stand it anymore and stepped forward, grabbing Lucian by the collar, "Look, buddy, this isn't cool!"
"I'm her brother. Is this fun for you?" Lucian lost control a bit.
Thaddeus snorted, "Never seen a brother who screws things up like you. The stationery was from you, and it just happened to break. Then you solemnly promised her to wait, only to be late. What kind of malicious thoughts does your family harbor?" Thaddeus had witnessed Lemira's miserable days firsthand and couldn't bear it any longer. It's outrageous!
It was clear to anyone with eyes that the stationery couldn't have just broken on its own!
Lucian was stunned, "I didn't know."
"If you didn't know, then damn well find out! Harassing Lemon, forcing her to forgive you, what's that about? I'm worried that this time it was the stationery, and next time it might be something wrong with the food, and she ends up sick during her exams!" 
Thaddeus didn't hold back in his rebuke.
Lucian was pushed aside, stumbling a bit as he watched Lemira drive away. He had lived for thirty years and for the first time, he felt panic.
Evelina came over, feigning concern, "Lucian, Lemmy is right to be angry, you really were late. But exams are important, you should let Lemmy stay at home." 
If Lemira left, how could she continue her plans?
Lucian suddenly felt desperate, his voice hoarse, "Where's Zack, he was the one who prepared the stationery!"
He wanted to see why Lemira's stationery had issues!
Evelina became tense instantly, "Lucian, why would you suspect Zack? My stationery was also from him, and there were no issues."
But Lucian stood up with a stern face and walked away.
Evelina clenched her fingers tightly, immediately texting Zack. [Lucian is coming to check on you, be careful.] Though Lemira had left, the incident had affected her, surely her performance wouldn't be as good now. From the looks of it, Lemira probably didn't want to deal with Lucian anymore. Good.
Sitting in the car, Lemira watched the rain outside the window, now falling more gently. The car was quiet. Orion glanced at her, his voice calm, "Don't let it affect you. For the next few days, don't go back there." Lemira nodded, "I was thinking the same. Staying in the apartment is less hassle."
By the afternoon exam, the rain had stopped.
Lemira went to take the exam,
to take
finding the math problems
challenging but manageable.
Leaving the exam hall, she heard a
collective g*** outside, everyone discussing how tough the math had
been. .
As Lemira walked out of the school gates, she saw Lucian. She paused momentarily, then lowered her head and walked in the opposite direction. "Lemmy, I've brought Zack here to apologize to you."
###Chapter 83
Lemira led the way, but Lucian was quick to catch up.
"Lemmy, I looked into it. It was Zack's mistake. So, he's here to apologize to you."
After Lucian spoke, the butler approached, "Ms. Langston, it was a senior moment for me, missed the issue with one of the stationery items, all my fault. Please don't blame Mr. Lucian Langston."
Evelina also stepped forward at the moment, "Lemmy, Zack's getting on in years, these mistakes happen. Let's not hold grudges, yeah?"
Lemira stood her ground, her gaze distant and cold. Did they really think after they harmed others, a simple apology could make everything alright?
"It's funny, getting old and all that, but how come he messed up Lemon's stationery and not yours, huh?"
A car pulled up to the curb, and out stepped Thaddeus, fuming. Orion rolled down the window, his gaze deep as he looked at Lemira, "Get in!"
Without hesitation, Lemira turned and walked towards the car.
Lucian hurried forward, "Wait, Lemmy, everything's been sorted. Can't you come back home?"
Lemira shook off Lucian's hand, "No!"
"Lemmy, what do I have to do to take the edge off your anger?"
With a callous expression, Orion got out of the car, pushing Lucian aside, "Maybe you need a mirror to see how selfish you look!"
"Me, selfish? I'm worried about her!"
"If you were really worried, you wouldn't have forced her to accept your so-called apology before her exams were even over. The moment she doesn't accept, you think she's throwing a tantrum, being ungrateful.
Her feelings matter the most right now. But all you care about is clearing your name regarding the stationery, forcing her to accept the apology, never considering if it affects her. If that's not selfish, then what is?" Orion's words were sharp, leaving Lucian speechless; that wasn't his intention.
"I was just worried Lemira might misunderstand, so I rushed to explain!"
Gel?
Orion replied sarcastically, "But you didn't consider whether it was the right time for her to hear your explanation. What if it affected her performance in the exams
Is apologizing so noble? Does apologizing absolve you of responsibility?"
Lucian was left without a response.
Evelina, grinding her teeth, said, "Lucian was just worried sick, he cares about Lemmy the most, how could he hurt her!"
Thaddeus sneered, "Oh, the adopted sister this is, huh? Playing the good girl? Allining up to apologize, makes you look good, does it? What if I stab you and then apologize, how about that?" 
en FindNovel
Lemira bent down to get into the car.
Lucian, unable to help himself, stepped forward, "Lemmy, I didn't mean it like that. I was just too anxious." He feared losing Lemira!
Lemira looked out the car window at Lucian, her tone calm, "I know. I'll go back after my exams."
Lucian felt muddled. Why did he not feel relieved when Lemira said she knew?
He was finding it harder and harder to understand what Lemira was thinking. Lucian nodded, "Okay, my bad for not considering everything. I'll explain everything after your exams." en FindNovel
He stepped back, even though reluctantly, not daring to stop her anymore.
That Orion was no ordinary man, and Lucian wasn't sure he could take him. But most importantly, it could affect Lemira's exam state.
That was what mattered most. He was stepping back for Lemira's sake, not because he was afraid of Orion!
Evelina, watching Lemira leave, bit her lip in frustration. Lemira had actually left. "Damn it," she thought. "Can't believe Lucian couldn't keep her!"
###Chapter 84
Evelina tried to sound casual, "Lucian, Lemmy skipping out on coming home for exams, if Asher finds out, it's going to be a disaster!" "Enough!"
Lucian's tone was icy, "As long as you keep quiet, I keep quiet, Asher won't find out."
Evelina looked a bit awkward, "Of...course."
Damn it, without Lemira at the Langston's, she couldn't play her tricks.
---
Lemira returned to the apartment.
Thaddeus was fuming, "What's with people? They have to apologize now? Force you to accept it?"
Initially, Thaddeus just thought the Langston brothers were a bit biased. Today, he realized it wasn't just bias; it was outright blindness! Lemira handed Thaddeus a glass of water, "Don't be mad, I'm not even upset."
"How can you not be upset?"
"I'm used to it, it's always been this way," Lemira's expression was serene as she spoke.
Thaddeus clutched his chest, "Damn, I can't take it. I'm going to the balcony for a smoke to cool off."
Orion came out with a fruit platter, his slender fingers clearly defined. He set the platter in front of her, "Eat up, vitamins are good for the brain." Lemira blinked, "Why are you insulting me?"
"Planning on going back after exams?"
Oh, he heard that. Lemira took the fruit platter, "Gotta go pack to get my stuff."
Orion sat on the couch, "Just don't do anything foolish!"
"I know, I'll never go soft or forgive."
Lemira's gaze was unwavering.
The rest of the exams went smoothly for her. After finishing the last one, Lemira felt a huge relief.
She'd held on for so long, and it was finally over!
Walking out of the classroom, Lemira was in high spirits, overhearing classmates, including Evelina, discussing the exam.
Jessica looked at Lemira, "How'd it
go for you? Heard you had some
issues with your stationery
the exam, it might have some
influence, but as long as the contents were fine, you shouldn't lose points." 
Evelina quickly acted concerned, "Lemmy, even if you did poorly, it's okay."
Lemira glanced at her, "Still did better than you though!"
Evelina's face stiffened, "Lemmy, don't be mad."
"Even though I was mad, I did the exam better than you!" Lemira's words were like a dagger.
Jessica was shocked, gazing at Lemira, Lemira was usually so timid; though she'd become sharper in the last few months, she rarely spoke like that to people. 
Post-exams, Lemira seemed even more outspoken.
Lemira slowly turned and walked away, her figure leisurely among the crowd.
Evelina was fuming. Had Lemira gone mad?
She looked pitifully at Jessica, "I was just trying to be caring."
Jessica didn't hold back, "Whether you're genuinely concerned about Lemira or just wanting to see her fail, poking at her weaknesses, only you know."
"Exactly, thinking you can play the fake angel; we're not blind. Only Lemira was naive enough to be bullied by you for so long."
Evelina's eyes instantly reddened with tears, while Jessica and the others left, leaving her unattended.
Evelina stood alone, her gaze darkening. Yet, she hurried after them, knowing Lucian would show up.
Just as Lemira stepped out of the
school gate, she saw a row of red
sports ears, all bearing a banner "Wishing Sweet Lemon Endless Success And a Victorious Path Ahead!" 
This spectacle seemed a bit much.
###Chapter 85
Lemira couldn't believe she was welcomed by this way.
She remembered, in her past life, after the exams, Lucian and Alaric had come too, but in the end, the spotlight had been all on Evelina. She was always the one left in the shadows. Little did she expect, in this life, someone had actually prepared a ceremony just for her. To say she wasn't moved would be a lie.
Orion was leaning against the car door, tall and slender. He looked up at her, his features handsome yet refined, shedding his usual laziness for a touch of seriousness. Lemira bit her lip and walked towards him.
Orion's gaze was warm, "Congratulations, it's finally over."
Thaddeus was energetically waving the banner, "Sweet Lemon, this is the surprise I prepared for you. Do you like it?"
Lemira smiled shyly, "Thank you, it's a bit much though."
"Better too much than too little, unlike someone with no good and sincere intentions, thinking a simple bouquet of flowers suffices."
Thaddeus knew how to throw shade. Lemira looked up to see Lucian crossing the street with flowers in hand.
In her past life, Lucian had also bought flowers, but they were for Evelina.
Lucian, hopeful, crossed the street, "Lemmy, I wanted to park here, but all the spots were taken. Had to leave it across the street."
Lucian hadn't expected this crew to be so bold as to hog all the parking spaces!
Thaddeus clicked his tongue, "If you were really committed, you'd have come early like us to grab a spot, not just wing it at the last minute. Shows no effort at all. Right, Orion?"
Orion spoke up indifferently, "Some people think even apologizing is beneath them, after all, so of course they wouldn't understand."
Lucian was struggling to keep his composure. Then, Evelina ran out, "Lucian, you made it! What a pretty bouquet!" Evelina ran straight to Lucian.
Lucian's expression turned awkward since he only had one bouquet. He coughed lightly, sidestepping Evelina to approach Lemira, "Lemmy, wishing you success on your exams in advance!"
Lemira glanced at the flowers, "Thanks, but you should give them to Evelina. Wouldn't want people thinking you're playing favorites, leaving your foster sister without even a bouquet." Lucian only found the words familiar.
He hurriedly said, "I bought these flowers specially for you. I'll get Evelina hers later!"
"That won't do. Evelina has been too kind to me, her father saved my life! How could you be so biased, Lucian? If there's only one bouquet, it definitely should go to Evelina!" Lemira spoke calmly yet firmly. Lucian froze, realizing these words sounded all too familiar.
Seemed that he had said those lines before. It seemed every time there was not enough to go around, Lemira was the one to step back.
As Lucian reflected on it, his heart began to ache. He had been wrong all along!
He struggled to speak, "Lemmy, sorry I..."
"The past is the past, we need to look forward." Lemira's tone was breezy, "I've got a class gathering tonight, gotta run."
She turned and walked to Orion, "Mind giving me a lift?"
Orion's gaze landed on her face, not saying much but opening the car door for her. A row of flashy red sports cars sped away!
Lucian watched as Lemira got into the car, wanting to stop her, but his feet felt like they were fastened to the ground.
As if weighed down by a thousand pounds, he couldn't take a step forward. Because his mind was filled with Lemira's words, stabbing into his heart like knives.
Evelina stood aside, watching the flashy cars with uncontrollable envy.
Just a school doctor, and he has all this money? Lemira sure had a way, getting the doctor to rent cars just to show off.
Evelina felt resentful, "Lucian, don't be mad. Lemmy will understand your intentions. She'll cool off."
"You don't get it!" For the first time, Lucian truly felt that Lemira would never forgive him.
###Chapter 86
At that moment, Alaric arrived, "Lucian, exams are all wrapped up, right? I expressly made reservations at a restaurant. Let's all grab a meal together." Evelina nodded, "Sure, let's go."
But Alaric glanced around, "Where's Lemira? She's not out yet?"
Evelina, hiding her impatience with a smile, replied, "Lemmy left a while ago with that school doctor. Dunno where he got all those sports cars from, but they sure made an exit."
Alaric's expression darkened instantly, "Lucian, why didn't you stop her? Exams are over; we can't let Lemira run wild!"
Lucian felt discomfiture, "Yeah, exams are finished."
Lemira said they should look forward. Did that mean she was planning not to return to the Langston family?
Alaric had hesitated for a long time before deciding to come, but he missed Lemira in the end.
Lucian couldn't quite accept it and turned around, "Something came up at my company; I need to leave first. You guys go ahead."
"But Lucian, weren't these flowers for Eve?"
Lucian glanced at the flowers and handed them to Evelina, "Made a bit of a mix-up today. Also, here's to your exam success."
His mind was in turmoil. He had purposely bought flowers only for Lemira today, to show he wasn't favoring Evelina.
Forced to accept the flowers, Evelina pretended to be gracious, "Thank you, Lucian. Growing up with you is more than I could have ever dreamed of. After I get into college, I'll move out so Lemmy won't always be at odds with you guys. I'm aware enough to realize that." Alaric immediately uttered, "Eve, what are you talking about? You've been adopted by us. You're our sister, and we're a family! We'll sort things out with Lemira; it has nothing to do with you!"
Evelina looked down, her demeanor fragile.
Lucian finally spoke, "Alaric's right. You stay put in the Langston's house without worry."
Lucian, feeling awkward, left. He had actually considered Evelina's suggestion might be good. But that would be unfair to Evelina; she hadn't done anything wrong.
There had to be another way to make things right with Lemira! After all, they were family, bound by blood!
---
Lemira sat in the passenger seat of a red sports car, her hand catching the wind outside, feeling uplifted.
Orion's car stopped at a traffic light, "Message me after the reunion."
"I plan to go straight back to the Langston mansion."
Lemira's gaze was calm, "It's time to settle things once and for all."
Her plan had always been to leave the Langstons right after exams. She couldn't stand staying a moment longer.
"What's your plan?"
Lemira smiled, "Make a scene and leave, so they'll never haunt me again."
Orion's slender hand rested on the steering wheel. Lemira wasn't as weak as he thought. Her tolerance towards the Langstons was merely to avoid disrupting her exams.
She was smart. Unfortunately, the Langstons misunderstood, thinking Lemira was just being temperamental!
Orion dropped her off at the diner, and Lemira joined the reunion alone to feel the lively atmosphere when graduated, marking the end of her past regrets.
After the meal, Lemira took a cab back to the Langston mansion.
The butler was shocked to see her return, "Ms. Langston, why are you back?"
"This is the Langston house, isn't my return normal?" Lemira retorted, straying from her usual demeanor, and headed straight to her room.
However, she found Evelina's belongings in her bedroom!
The butler hurried to explain, "Ms. Sterling's room had a leak two nights ago, so she temporarily moved to your room. Mr. Lucian Langston said it wouldn't be a big deal since you're both girls." Lemira slowly looked up, her gaze cold. She proceeded to throw Evelina's used bed linens and personal items out into the hallway.
The butler was both shocked and angry, "Ms. Langston, how could you do this!"
###Chapter 87
Lemira lifted her eyelids, her cool gaze barely hiding her disdain. She glanced at the items scattered on the floor, her hand already moving to shut the door. The butler, however, blocked her path, "Ms. Langston, if you've got beef with me, just say it, but Ms. Sterling hasn't done anything to you!"
Lemira snorted, turning to grab a lighter from the table and tossed it onto the floor. The flame caught on a pile of books, quickly engulfing them in fire. The butler's face went drastically pale, "Crazy, she's gone crazy! Somebody, help! Fire!"
Only then did Lemira slam the door shut with a loud b***!
From inside, she could smell the burning, but calmly booted up her PC to game. Then, a lot of private messages caught her eye.
Alaric had sent: [If you join our gaming squad, the deal we've got for you is solid. Got any other demands, just throw them my way, I'll make sure you're satisfied.]
[Our SkyBlaze's got the backing of the Langston family, so finances aren't a worry. And my brother's got a media company, we could make some plans and easily spin this into a showbiz gig for you.]
[Not sure if you're studying or working, but joining SkyBlaze is a win-win. You don't even have to be full-time with us, won't mess with your personal life. Think about it!]
Reading Alaric's messages, Lemira couldn't help but feel speechless. He still hadn't given up on her.
She typed back: [I'll think about it.]
Imagining Alaric's face if he ever found out who she really was behind the screen name brought some anticipation to her.
After finishing a game level, a series of knocks came at the door.
"Lemira, come out!"
Hearing Alaric's voice, she leisurely sorted through her items, ignoring the noise outside.
Then, with a loud crash, the door flew open!
Alaric stormed in, his fury deepening at the sight of Lemira still gaming, "Lemira, look at what you've done! You threw out Eve's stuff and set it on fire. This is beyond
unacceptable!" 
Though initially skeptical, the sight of the charred remains in the hallway made him believe the worst.
Lemira quit her game, and swiveled her chair around, her gaze bland, "So, what about it?" Her tone was utterly rebellious.
Alaric's head throbbed with anger, "I
know you've got issues with us,
thinking we've always favored
Evelina over you. But you couet
taken it out on us, not Eve, she
doesn't owe you anything. Don't forget, her dad once saved your life!" 
"Don't say that, Alaric, I'll just move out. After all, I'm an adult now, no reason to keep leeching off the Langstons," Evelina, holding her burned textbooks, looked on with tearful eyes, the very picture of injustice suffered. 
"Eve, don't talk like that. We'll let Lucian see how Lemira really is when he gets back. Now that exams are over, there's no need to hold back." "Alaric, if my leaving makes things right, if it helps Lemmy agree to join the squad and compete in the finals, then I'm willing to go!"
Alaric scoffed, "Lemira, you think you're irreplaceable? Let me tell you, the team doesn't need you."
Lemira raised an eyebrow; just moments ago, Alaric had been messaging her gaming account. People really did wear many masks.
With a smug look, Alaric boasted, "I've found a new gunner with real talent. She's considering joining us, so don't think you can hold it over us!" Evelina looked up, "Alaric, did you really find someone?"
"Absolutely. That person replied to my message just over an hour ago."
Lemira understood who was the person Alaric was talking. But she had only said she'd think about it, not that she'd agreed.
She looked up, a playful smirk on her lips, "Alaric, are you that sure the person will join?"
"Of course. With the Langston team's satisfactory treatment, that person will only get more benefit than losses. With the right price, who wouldn't join?"
###Chapter 88
Alaric finally felt like he got one over on Lemira.
"Lemira, I gave you a chance before, and you blew it. Can't blame anyone but yourself."
Lemira's lips curved into an indifferent smirk, "Couldn't care less."
"Lemira, you owe Eve an apology!" Alaric no longer held back, seeing as he had given up on expecting anything from Lemira.
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "It's my room and she stayed without my permission. I have every right to be upset."
"It happened for a reason. Eve just sleeps here for a few days, it won't hurt anyone."
"Why didn't you let Evelina stay in the squad for the finals, then? Because she's not good enough and you think she'll drag you down? How petty can you get? Evelina put her grades on the line to compete, and you sideline her? We're a family team, for crying out loud. Sure, Evelina might not be the best player, but she gives it her all. So what if you lose the finals? It's not the end of the world!"
Lemira's rapid-fire tirade left Alaric speechless.
The mocking look on Lemira's face was clear. She thought, "What, can't handle a taste of your own medicine?"
When Alaric used to moralize like this, he was so self-righteous. Now that the tables were turned, he couldn't take it?
Eventually, Alaric got all red-faced and fuming, "Lemira, you're hopeless! If you don't apologize, consider yourself without a brother!"
Lemira laughed out loud, "Fine by me, that's one less headache."
"Fine, Lemira, but remember you said this. Don't come back regretting it!" With that, Alaric stormed off.
Evelina stood there, looking at Lemira with puppy-dog eyes, "Lemmy."
"Get lost!" With a slam of the door, Lemira ignored everyone outside.
Evelina was fuming, thinking, "How dare Lemira act like this? Is she out of her mind?"
But Lemira's eagerness to sever ties actually saved her from doing it by herself.
Closing the door, Lemira went back at her computer; she logged into the game and as expected, saw Alaric's invite.
He even sent a contract over. In such a hurry?
Remembering Alaric's arrogance just moments ago, she replied directly, "I'll look at the contract first."
Alaric typed, "It's alright. Take your time, we can negotiate terms."
Seeing Alarie's sudden politeness was almost laughable to Lemira. After all, in her past life in the team where she was exerted to train herself for the matches, he never treated her this well.
---
The next day, Lemira slept in.
When she went downstairs for lunch, Lucian had just returned. Alaric immediately started complaining, "Lucian, Lemira's gone too far, really!"
Lucian sneaked a peek at Lemira, who seemed unbothered, and said distractedly, "It's my fault. I shouldn't have agreed to let Eve stay in her room. She has every right to be upset." 
Alaric was shocked, "Lucian, how can you say that? Eve just stays for a couple of days, it's no big deal. Besides, Eve's dad once saved her life!"
Lucian felt the familiar, painful
words as if they were aimed at him. Caught in a dilemma, Lucian knew Evelina would be hurt if he sided with Lemira; he was at a loss what to do. 
Finally, Evelina spoke up, "Lucian, I've thought it over, and I've decided to move out."
Alaric quickly protested, "Eve, what are you talking about? Lemira is the one causing trouble, it's not related to you!"
The butler chimed in, "Mr. Lucian Langston, please convince Ms. Sterling. She shouldn't have to move out; she's done nothing wrong!"
Lucian remained silent, lost for words.
Head aching at the drama, Lemira flipped the dining table in frustration, sending food flying towards Evelina and Alaric.
The dining room fell silent as a tomb.
###Chapter 89
Lemira flipped the dinner table over, and then casually wiped her hands.
Alaric, witnessing Lemira's uncharacteristic outburst, exclaimed, "Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Lemira had never acted out like this before, even going as far as to use a lighter to set Evelina's belongings on fire! It was so unlike her.
Lemira kicked a chair aside, her voice indifferent, tinged with impatience, "You all are too noisy. If you don't want to eat, then let's not eat at all!"
Her patience was wearing thin. She couldn't stand watching the fake angel Evelina put on her act any longer. It was nauseating.
Evelina immediately burst into tears, "It's all my fault, all my fault. I'm the real sinner here!"
"Eve, you're just too kind. If anyone should leave, it's her!"
Lemira readily agreed, "Fine, I'll leave!" Now that her ive was achieved, she saw no reason to waste more time here.
Lucian instantly ed, "No, Lemon, you can't leave. This is your home. Where else could you go?"
"Lucian, just cancel her credit cards and let's see how long she can last out there on her own!"
Lemira, unfazed, didn't take it to heart the least bit, "Whatever."
The memory of her credit cards being canceled in her previous life, leaving her destitute and nearly begging on the streets, was something she could never forget.
A person really needed to earn their own way in life.
Lemira returned to her room, packed a backpack with a few clothes and her ID, leaving everything else behind.
Lucian was panicking, "Lemon, don't listen to Alaric's nonsense, okay? Didn't you say you'd come back after your exams?"
Lemira's gaze was calm, "Yes, I did say that."
But she had only said it to prevent Lucian and Alaric from doing something drastic that could affect her exams judging from their personality.
Now that her exams were over, nothing could affect her anymore. Why should she continue to suffer in silence?
"Lemmy, we're family, blood is thicker than water. Any misunderstandings we have aren't insurmountable, right? I know I've been unfair to you in the past, and I really will make it up to you."
Lucian had spent a sleepless night
too anxious to approach Lemira. But
once he
had a moment of clarity, all
those past memories felt like knives, keeping him awake. 
From the moment Evelina joined them, Lemira had been mistreated.
All these years, Lucian had avoided thinking too deeply about it. The more he thought, the more panic he became.
Lemira suddenly smiled, her tone
serene, "Lucian, don't say that. I plan to find a part-time job and learn to live independently. Let Evelina have my room. After all, her father saved
my life. It's only right to her
well." 
Alaric walked over, "Hmph, you should have done that a long time ago."
It seemed Lemira was still afraid of cutting ties with him!
Lemira continued, "Now that the exams are over, Evelina can continue with her team training. She is, after all, a Langston. It wouldn't be fair to exclude her just because she's not the best at it." 
Alaric struggled to maintain his composure, "O-Of course, I'll make arrangements." Lemira nodded, "Good, I'll be leaving then. We'll be in touch if anything comes up."
Without looking back, Lemira left the house.
Alaric suddenly panicked, "Lucian, are you really letting her go?"
Lucian gave a wry smile, "What else can I do? You were the one who told her to leave, weren't you? Weren't you the one who wanted to sever ties with her?" "I-I was just being angry!"
"Alaric, the hurtful words you've said can't just be taken back that easily."
The damage was done and would never dissipate. Lucian looked resigned, seeing in Alaric a reflection of his former self.
Evelina, sensing Lucian's mood shift, quickly offered, "Lucian, I'll move out. Then maybe you can convince Lemmy to come back."
Lucian shook his head, "No need. You stay for now." Solving the issue with Lemira wasn't as simple as Evelina moving out. "Lucian, I've made up my mind. Thank you for taking care of me all these years."
Evelina turned to pack her things, realizing Lucian's rapid change in attitude. If she didn't act now, Lucian would definitely grow suspicious.
###Chapter 90
Alaric was anxious, "Lucian, Eve never felt at home with us, and now with Lemira stirring things up, it's like we're pushing her out. Don't you see? Eve hasn't done anything wrong." "But Lemmy's been through a lot over the years, too."
"Eve's father saved her life. A little hardship for Lemira in comparison is nothing. We should be thankful and show some gratitude!"
Hearing this, Lucian suddenly clutched his chest, struggling to breathe from the anger. He blacked out with Lemira's name still on his lips. He felt he had wronged his sister deeply. It was his fault; he had made a terrible mistake.
---
Having left the Langston mansion, Lemira hailed a cab to the apartment. She was finally free from the Langston's shadow.
As she was about to knock on Orion's door, it swung open.
"Congrats, sweet Lemon!" Thaddeus held a party cracker that showered her in colorful confetti.
Lemira was surprised. Orion wasn't far, leaning against the kitchen island, a small cake sitting nearby.
"Is it someone's birthday?" Lemira asked, taken aback.
Thaddeus stood there, "Isn't today like your rebirth, leaving the Langstons and all? Got a cake to celebrate that!"
Understanding the ordeal Lemira had gone through with the Langstons, he felt compassionate, compelled to support her. "Thanks," Lemira's eyes tingled with emotion.
"Don't mention it, we're friends after all. Let's eat, blow out the candle, and make a wish."
Lemira wished for a life free from the Langstons, to live for herself from now on.
After dinner, Orion asked, his tone calm, "What do you want to do now?" Whatever it was, he was ready to support her.
Lemira pondered, "Maybe start a live stream and earn some money."
Since she already left the Langston mansion, making a living was what she needed to do right now.
Thaddeus chimed in, "There's this Hall of Fame ranking event starting tonight in the gaming world. You could stream that, sweet Lemon."
Lemira remembered the event well.
In her past life, she had ranked high, but Alaric gave her account to Evelina to use for streaming. Thus, every glory in the end went to Evelina. 
Now, she wouldn't let Evelina take credit for that.
Orion gazed at her, "Which platform are you thinking of streaming on?"
Thaddeus suggested, "How about PixelStage? It's a reputable company, great treatment for newbies."
Most importantly, PixelStage was a branch owned by the Everharts. Orion swept a warning glance at Thaddeus.
"Sure, which platform gets better profit, I'll go there."
Lemira heard of PixelStage, the
property belonging to the Everharts in Nyric Alaric also had a live stream platform called VibeCast, while inferior to Everhart's PixelStage. 
In her previous life, VibeCast went viral after they won the finals, and successfully was listed. In the current life, Alaric's company would likely fail without her.
In the end, Lemira signed up on PixelStage under the username SweetLemon.
She started her stream, focusing the camera on her keyboard and hands instead of showing her face, using
her previous life's experience fo navigate the game efficiently. 
Outside the study, Thaddeus glanced at Orion, "Aren't you going to help her with points?"
"No need. She'll make it to the top hundred tonight on her own."
"You're that confident in her? I'll drop some gifts in her stream. Don't forget to reimburse me!"
As Thaddeus joined Lemira's stream, he noticed there weren't much people only a troll.
[Damn, is she cheating? How can she rack up points so quickly?]
[I'll hit the wall if she doesn't cheat! ]
[I bet she'd lose while advancing to the next round!"]
Lemira certainly saw the comments from that troll. For suspecting she cheated, people started entering to check.
In her first battle, she defeated the opponent with one swift move, making the online viewers buzz with astonishment.
###Chapter 91
A slight smile danced on Lemira's lips, proof that strength was the best way to shatter doubts.
The second and third face-offs followed swiftly.
Lemira was practically steamrolling her opponents, wrapping up each match within three minutes and advancing rapidly.
During these matches, she was reminded of her past life when she only found joy in competition.
In just a few hours, Lemira's live stream followers skyrocketed by ten thousand! The chat was ablaze: [Holy smokes, is she some pro's alt account?]
[Hall of Famers wouldn't use alts, after all, rankings affect the leaderboard!]
[I suggest you change your name to SourLemon because you've got us all feeling bitter!]
Thaddeus was gaping at the turn of events in the live stream.
"Orion, is your protege really a talent? She's not just playing; she's blowing up the beginner's area!" It's unexpected!
At the sight of Lemira's rapid progress in the game, Orion's lips curled slightly, "I told you, she's got talent!" A tinge of pride could be heard from the man's tone. Lemira, after a streak of thirty wins in the game, made it to the top 100 preliminary list! That was when she decided to take a breather and gulped down some water. "That's it for today." She thought, "The match among top 100 preliminaries will start tomorrow!"
The viewer count had reached a whopping 150,000, with a significant jump in followers.
Lemira was genuinely surprised. Why were so many people watching?
Seeing numerous inquiries about her identity and her secret to success, Lemira switched on her mic, "I'm just a newbie who really enjoys this game. I've just joined here and am glad for your support. Tomorrow at 7 PM, I'll be back online for the next round of matches." Thaddeus sent over three expensive gifts to her.
Lemira smiled, "Thank you all for your gifts. I'll try to push for a higher ranking tomorrow." With that, she left the live stream.
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief; she was actually a bit nervous.
In her past life, Evelina was very interactive with her followers and knew how to win people over.
Lemira knew she couldn't be as versatile as Evelina, so she had to rely on her skills to attract followers.
Thaddeus entered the room, clapping, "Sweet Lemon, you're incredible! Advancing so quickly!"
Lemira felt a bit bashful, "I figured the faster I advance, the more followers I might gain. I'm kind of short on cash, after all."
"With the number of followers you
gained tonight, PixelStage will be et
knocking on your door for a contract soom With your skills, even pro teams might approach your 
Lemira knew she had received a message from Alaric asking about a contract but had yet to reply.
She said, "I haven't decided yet. For now, I'm just focusing on making money through streaming."
Thaddeus, still not giving up, pressed on, "Sweet Lemon, I've been wondering how you mastered the twelve-hit combo?"
This question again? Lemira glanced at Orion, who had asked her the same thing. Was he doubting her?
She responded with a tight smile,
adore King and am a huge fan of
him, so secretly practiced his net
signature move. I didn't expect to pull it off that day." 
"Huh? Who did you say you adore?"
Thaddeus instinctively looked at Orion, thinking, "Bro, wait a minute, she said she adores you!"
Lemira also looked at Orion, puzzled.
Orion, leaning against the desk, told Lemira, "It's getting late. Don't stay up too much; it's bad for your growth."
"I'll head off then."
After gaming for so long, Lemira was genuinely tired.
Back in her room, she quickly freshened up and lay down, pulling out her phone to browse Facebook She noticed Evelina had posted a live stream video, "Thanks to Alaric for boosting me to number one, breaking 100,000 followers today!" 
###Chapter 92
Lemira scrolled through Evelina's posts, and it brought back the memory of her account being snatched in the past. With a swift motion, she hit delete! Finally, she didn't have to deal with anyone from the Langston family anymore. Then she received a forwarded video from Jessica: [Lemira, is this streamer you? Sounds a lot like you.]
The video sent by Jessica was from her recent live stream.
She hadn't shown her face, just her keyboard and fingers, not wanting her family to find out before she made it big, to avoid any sabotage.
Lemira replied: [Hmm, I have no idea.] She didn't admit it's her.
After putting down her phone, she closed her eyes and fell asleep; streaming could be pretty exhausting.
In the next room, Orion shot Thaddeus a glare, "If you've got nothing sensible to say, better keep quiet."
"But I was just curious, man. Didn't think she'd confess liking you!"
Orion's expression was a bit awkward, "Like can mean a lot of things." It was not always about romance.
Thaddeus, all excited, said, "I've already got someone to edit Sweet Lemon's streaming video, it'll hit the trending page in no time, guaranteeing her a blast this summer as a gaming sensation!" Orion saw the edited video sent by Thaddeus, Lemira was indeed impressive.
Soon enough, the gaming live stream video went viral. Everyone was guessing who SweetLemon really was!
Alaric, the boss of VibeCast, got the news immediately. But when he saw the gamer's name, he got thrilled, "She gained 100,000 followers overnight?"
"Yep, boss, the person you've been eyeing, also is called SweetLemon, I think it's the same person. The game name, character design, and even the profession as a gunner match." "Yes, it's the same person."
Alaric had been wanting to scout SweetLemon for a while. He didn't expect her to start streaming. And on PixelStage, no less. His rival company!
Alaric logged into the game, but she had already logged off, and she did respond to the signing offer he had proposed before.
Alaric only glanced at the start of the video without finishing it.
"No matter what, get her to VibeCast. I'm sure there are loads trying to sign her now, find a way to contact her."
He couldn't let PixelStage snatch her away.
Evelina entered the office with a thermos, "Alaric, who's the new star you're planning to bring to VibeCast?"
"It's the gunner I mentioned before She went on PixelStage, and gained 100,000 followers overnight! If she joins our SkyBlaze, it'd be a significant boost." 
Hearing about the overnight hundred thousand followers, Evelina felt a bit awkward. After making efforts for so longoshe had just recently hit 100,000 herself. 
Someone managed to achieve that in just one night?
Alaric noticed Evelina's expression "Eve, you're doing great too. Keepit up, and I'll make sure you get the newcomer award at this year's internet celebrity festival." 
"Thanks, Alaric, I'm already grateful for that. I made you some late-night snacks, have some, don't end up having stomach issues like Lucian." "See, Eve, you're always so thoughtful, unlike some people."
When Alaric thought of Lemira, his mood soured a bit.
Evelina felt a slight sense of triumph. She might not be as explosive as the overnight sensation. But compared to Lemira, she felt pretty accomplished. She searched for SweetLemon's live stream video, but the moment she heard the streamer's voice, her mind went blank.
Wasn't that Lemira's voice?
###Chapter 93
Evelina must have played that audio clip from SweetLemon a thousand times. She was almost certain it was Lemira behind the voice! But in the live stream, only hands and a keyboard were revealed, making it impossible to confirm the identity of the person streaming! Evelina felt a surge of panic. Had Alaric not recognized Lemira's voice?
"Eve, what are you doing standing out here? Isn't it hot?"
Alaric had finished eating and stepped out of his office to find Evelina alone in the hallway.
Evelina's expression was a mix of emotions, "Alaric, I was just watching the SweetLemon video. Did you finish watching it?"
After all, the streamer spoke towards the end of the video.
Alaric shook his head, "Didn't finish it, but I know enough about her to be sure she'll advance tomorrow. We need to sign her."
"Alaric, have you looked into her? Like, what's her real name, what does she look like?"
"Couldn't find out. She's been dodging my contract offers. I thought she had her reasons. Seems like she's just trying to bump up her value by streaming on PixelStage." Alaric was confident that money would make her sign the contract eventually.
Seeing Alaric so sure of himself made Evelina second-guess her own suspicions. If SweetLemon really was Lemira, she wouldn't have let Evelina walk all over her previously. Perhaps it's just a similar voice. After all, there are people looking alike out there. Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. She knew it couldn't have been Lemira.
---
The next day, Lemira woke up without an alarm, checking her phone to find a few messages.
Lucian sent. [Lemmy, what kind of part-time job are you doing? Is it tough? Why not come work at my company? It won't be too tiring."
Lemira glanced at the message but didn't reply. She had to prepare for her live show tonight. She was busy.
Heading to the next room, she found Orion on the balcony, speaking over the phone.
Thaddeus lounging on the couch,
said lazily, "Sweet Lemon, up alread
Your live stream last night
blew up. You're gonna have a ton of viewers tonight. Nervous?" 
"A bit, but I'm not planning on losing."
Lemira was confident in her abilities. Her gaze drifted involuntarily towards the balcony, where he stood, his hand on the railing, his figure tall and imposing.
Orion seemed to sense something and looked back, locking eyes with her. The man's gaze inscrutable, he muttered a few words into the phone before hanging up. Lemira quickly looked away, though she caught him returning to the living room out of the corner of her eye.
Orion spoke up, "I've got some errands to run later, might not be back tonight."
He's going out?
Lemira asked without thinking, "Isn't school out for summer?"
Thaddeus coughed, "Yeah, well, there are some business matters I need Orion's help with."
Knowing Thaddeus came from a wealthy family, Lemira didn't pry further.
During lunch, Lemira got a call from PixelStage, "Hello, I'm in charge at PixelStage. Are you SweetLemon?" "Yes, that's me."
"Here's the thing, we're really interested in your potential and would like to discuss signing a contract. Could you add me on WhatsApp so I can send you the contract and some other
ovel
information to look over?" 
After hanging up, Lemira looked up at Orion, "PixelStage contacted me."
Thaddeus was quick to advise, "Don't agree to anything yet. Wait till after your live stream tonight, then talk terms. We can't let those corporate sharks exploit your 
en FindNovel
Well, one of those "corporate sharks" was right there in the room!
###Chapter 94
Thaddeus felt he looked sharp while fighting the good fight for Sweet Lemon!
Orion, on the other hand, didn't pay any mind to Thaddeus' antics. He turned to Lemira, "Let's discuss the partnership with them once I'm back." "Sure," Lemira wasn't in any rush either.
After Orion and Thaddeus left the apartment, Lemira glanced at the contract PixelStage had sent over. The offer was pretty sweet.
But it required streaming for many hours daily and participating in the platform's promotional activities.
She did need to stream for cash, but becoming a gaming streamer wasn't her endgame. She dreamed of joining the national team, competing as a pro gamer! Unsure, Lemira logged into the game, aiming to upgrade her character's gear.
After last night's battle, her gear needed some serious maintenance. But as soon as she logged in, she was bombarded with hundreds of friend requests!
Some were from the bosses of Shadow Legion, others from fans. Lemira glanced through them, didn't accept any, and turned off the friend request option.
[Ms. Lemon, I caught your stream last night, and you're killer. But signing with PixelStage is a bad move. With us at VibeCast, backed by Gameverse, you won't just be a streamer but could also break into showbiz!]
Lemira read Alaric's incredibly earnest message. Indeed, in her past life, Evelina had made it in showbiz with Caspian's backing and did pretty well for herself.
Lemira smirked coldly, typing: [No thanks.] After replying, she focused on her gear.
She saw Alaric had sent more messages, but she didn't bother checking.
She checked the list for the preliminary round. Ten had advanced yesterday. Tonight, she was up against these ten in a showdown.
Only the winner would qualify for the top 100, and then would commence in taking matches one versus one.
She glanced at it, noticing some familiar names, mostly folks from Shadow Legion. But she didn't see anyone named Time Rewind.
In her past life, she recalled it was during this event she met that person. And it was his guidance that
helped her break into the top ten. 
IMS
She had always suspected that person was Orion for Orion had the same name in the game. But the timing of their meeting was off, she couldn't be sure if it was him
en FindNovel
Swn?
Could her rebirth have altered her past life's path so much that she missed meeting that person?
Lemira felt a pang of loss.
That night, Lemira went live on schedule.
As she started streaming, she saw the viewer count hit the tens of thousands.
[I believe this chick's gotta be cheating, just wait for her to slip up in tonight's match.]
[Oh, the salt! Some guys attack a woman gamer just because they've got lousy skills!]
[If she's legit, why not show her face? Probably scared of getting caught for boosting!]
As Lemira was about to respond, she saw someone had dropped three expensive gifts in the chat. The top fan's name SkyBlaze caught her eye. She clicked her tongue. It's actually Alaric.
foom: Lemon's got the skills. I'll lay
it
es tight-I'm here to
The chat went wild.
her.]
Alaric was a big name in the streaming world, with a verified account. There was no faking that.
Lemira's lips curled in a sneer; she uttered, unperturbed, "Let's get this match started!"
Hearing that familiar voice, Alaric nearly fell off his chair! Was that Lemira?
###Chapter 95
Lemira didn't care if Alaric could recognize her voice after finishing her piece.
She dove into the game, ready for her first battle of the day! She was well aware that making it to this level meant her opponents were no slouches. Her first match kicked off against a berserker, tough as nails and hard to take down.
Her opponent taunted, "Girl, beg for mercy now and maybe I'll go easy on you. After all, a spot won by hiring a ringer won't save you." Lemira didn't bother with a comeback; she let her gameplay do the talking.
Five minutes later, her opponent was eating dust. Unsurprisingly, Lemira came out on top!
After each battle, there was a three-minute breather. The chat in Lemira's streaming room exploded with reactions.
[Where's that cocky guy now?]
Watching the stream, Alaric couldn't believe his ears. The streamer's voice was a dead ringer for Lemira's.
How could that be? Was he hearing things?
Alaric turned to his secretary next to him, asked incredulously, "Did the streamer just speak?"
The secretary nodded, "Yeah, sounds like a young girl. Something wrong?"
Alaric didn't respond; he was fixated on the stream, his emotions in turmoil.
SweetLemon. How had he not made the connection before? Lemira's childhood nickname was Lemon.
Suddenly, Alaric found it hard to breathe! If she was indeed Lemira, he couldn't even begin to contemplate the implications!
At the moment, Evelina approached, "Alaric, What's wrong? You look pale."
Alaric's Adam's apple bobbed slightly, "That streamer's voice, it's just like Lemira's! Could they be the same person?"
"Alaric, after hearing that streamer yesterday, I wondered if it might be Lemmy too. But I figured it's just a coincidence. After all, people having similar faces or voices isn't that strange, right?" 
Alaric was reassured at the words, "You're probably right. It should be just a coincidence."
He didn't want to believe it could really be Lemira! He didn't dare to think of the possibility!
The secretary excitedly added, "Boss, the streamer's fans have hit 200,000, and there are 100,000 people watching the stream!"
Alaric glanced back at once, "That fast?"
"Yes, she hasn't lost a single match since she started the battle, and she's been winning effortlessly each time!"
"If we could recruit her to our team, the finals would be in the bag."
A glint of exhilaration shone in Alaric's eyes. Yes, he felt the same way.
Evelina, standing on the sidelines, struggled to maintain her composure. If they brought this person onto the team, where would that leave her?
This year's breakout internet newcomer award, Alaric might just hand it to this new sensation. Jealousy seethed within Evelina, but she dared not voice it.
After streaming for two hours and securing a ten-match winning streak, Lemira advanced to the top 100.
Seeing the result, she smiled. She massaged her sore wrists, noticing the chat continued to flood with gifts.
Lemira turned on her mic, "Thanks
for all
tomgifts, guys. I'll be back

to climb the ranks further.
This is my first time streaming, so I'm still learning the ropes. 
[Goddess, can you drop some gunner tips?]
[Yeah, I wanna be a gunner too, taking out those jerks!]
[Ms. Lemon, you can't log off just yet. You gotta hang with us, chat a bit, shoot the breeze.]
Lemira responded, "About the gunner guide, it might not be able to finish today, but let's talk about the ten matches I just won, and how exactly I beat them." 
She opened the replay of her matches, breaking them down piece by piece. Her voice was calm, her analysis clear and insightful.
###Chapter 96
After her first match, the opponent who had been snarky and disrespectful towards her publicly apologized in the live stream chat: [Sorry, Miss, I was too hasty earlier. Is it too late to apologize now?]
Lemira replied: [No biggie, I won anyway.]
[OMG, why is the goddess both generous and cool?]
[Random viewer turning into a fan here. It's rare to see a talented newbie girl who's actually good. Definitely supporting her.]
She had just finished analyzing the ten-match session, practically out of breath from talking so much.
After taking a sip of water, she said, "That's it for today's stream, folks. See you tomorrow."
Then, the screen was flooded with a barrage of gifts again.
Seeing the name SkyBlaze, Lemira felt a bit irritated. What was Alaric trying to do?
Hadn't she turned down his invitation that afternoon? Did Alaric not realize her voice and still want to invite her to join his team?
Lemira found it unbelievable.
In the live stream chat, Alaric wrote: [If you join us at VibeCast, name your price, and you'll be our Gunner Queen!]
Just as Alaric was about to continue, he suddenly found himself muted!
"What the heck? Can't the folks at PixelStage take a joke, muting me like that?"
Alaric immediately called out PixelStage's official account publicly: [What do you mean? Someone as talented as her shouldn't just be some small-time streamer. Joining SkyBlaze, she could be winning awards! What can you offer her?] Matthew quickly replied: [I could invite her to join my team!]
Matthew had also seen SweetLemon's stream and immediately called Orion, "Dude, we've got to sign Lemira to PixelStage. We're family, can't let outsiders scoop her up!"
Orion was in the middle of a business meeting in a private room. His tone was calm, "You're offering her your notorious contract to sign?"
Matthew choked a bit, "Well, if my sister-in-law's willing, she can name her terms!"
After all, his brother was the real boss behind the scenes. Paying Lemira's salary was just moving money from one pocket to the other, since they were all family after all! 
"I'll ask her first."
After hanging up, Orion opened the PixelStage platform, and the top headline was about Lemira's battle session tonight!
Her followers had already reached 300,000! He watched a video of Lemira's commentary, thoroughly professional!
Someone without professional team
training couldn't have made such
insightful analysis. Orion felt something was off; Lemira had secrets he didn't know about
Then, he received a screenshot of fans from Lemira, along with a happy emoji.
Orion's lips curved into a smile: [Seen it.]
Lemira waited, only to get those two words. That's it? Feeling a bit let down, she wondered if he was still busy with work.
She had calculated her earnings from streaming these past few days, and it was pretty good. Including the contributions from Alaric.
No harm in taking what she earned through her own skills!
A notification popped up on Lemira's
phone from her class group chatz [Everyone, come to school tomorrow to pick up the form for college preferences and for the group graduation photo!] 
The next morning, Lemira headed to school.
As soon as she entered the classroom, someone asked, "Lemira, are you that SweetLemon?"
"Your voice is exactly the same. We all think it's definitely you."
"Yeah, Lemira, just spill it. We're all so envious, you're so amazing."
Lemira was a bit conflicted.
Evelina walked into the classroom and, seeing Lemira surrounded like a star, she clenched her teeth in envy.
Judy sneered, "Stop guessing, guys. If Lemira was that streamer, she would have bragged about it on Facebook by now." Lemira lifted an eyebrow, "Really?"
###Chapter 97
Lemira's confidence was unshakable.
Evelina's certainty faded as she listened, especially since that streamer's voice was eerily similar to Lemira's.
It was like they were the same person! But she refused to admit that Lemira could actually be that streamer, comforting herself by thinking that Lemira couldn't be that capable. Judy mocked loudly: "Come off it, Lemira. Just because the streamer doesn't show her face and happens to sound like you, doesn't mean you can take all the credit." Jessica defended Lemira fiercely, "But Lemira is amazing, too. She pulled off a twelve-hit combo and won the playoff!"
"That's right, someone was just dead weight in that match. It was all thanks to Lemira that they won."
"Exactly, Evelina. You're just jealous because Lemira plays way better than you!"
Evelina's eyes suddenly reddened. The boys in the class immediately started defending Evelina.
"Lemira, look what you've done, making Evelina cry. You better apologize."
Lemira was unfazed, "It's right she's lousy at that!"
Evelina, feeling resentful, still feigned a pitiful look, "Let's just drop it, everyone. I admit I'm not great at games, no matter how hard I try, I can't beat Lemmy. But I'm definitely not jealous, I'm happy for her." Lemira scoffed, "Good to know you realize your mistake. Keep trying."
Evelina was choked, not expecting Lemira to respond like that. But the boys kept defending Evelina, "Lemira, so what if you're slightly better at gaming? Showing off is wrong."
"Yeah, and you made Evelina cry. You need to apologize and make it up to her."
"As if you lot could make me."
"Lemira, that's too much!"
Jessica stood by Lemira, facing the boys, "Stop trying to defend Evelina. She always cries at the slightest thing every time, acting like she's the biggest victim. Annoyed just by looking at her!" en FindNovel
"Yeah, simply set things right and that's it, always crying doesn't make you right."
The girls in the class weren't fond of Evelina's damsel-in-distress act either. Every time Evelina cried, it seemed to excuse her from any wrongdoing.
The girls had long had opinions of her.
After being scolded, Evelina cried even more, looking so pitiful that many boys felt sorry for her.
Lemira grabbed her stuff and left the classroom, not wanting to waste another minute there. She didn't
want to see anyone from the Langston family, including Evelina. 
Jessica caught up to her and whispered, "Lemira, don't let
Evelina's words stop you from
yourthing. We're all fans here and will support you in silence. 
Lemira realized they knew she was SweetLemon. She smiled shyly, "Well, it's not that I didn't want to say."
"You don't need to explain. We get it. Just so some jealous folks don't get envious of your fans and start trouble behind your back."
Evelina, being the petty person she was, would probably cry again upon knowing how popular Lemira had become. Just the thought was annoying. Lemira sighed in relief, "Thanks for understanding."
"Lemira, there you are. I thought you were going to avoid us forever."
Alaric had been waiting at the school gate. Seeing a familiar figure on the playground, he knew it was Lemira.
These past few days, Lemira hadn't answered his calls or replied to his messages on WhatsApp.
No, she had actually deleted him. Thinking of this, Alaric felt a spark of anger.
At the sight of Alaric, Lemira's expression remained extremely indifferent. She said to Jessica and others, "I'll head off now. We'll catch up later." She turned and walked towards the school exit, not intending to say much to Alaric.
###Chapter 98
Alaric's anger deepened, "Lemira, hold it right there! Lucian was so upset he ended up in the hospital for days, and we couldn't reach you at all. He's always been the nicest to you since we were kids. He gets sick, and you can't even show your face?" Lucian was sick? Lemira stopped in her tracks, remembering in her past life Lucian only had a bit of a stomach issue, nothing serious.
"Lemira, how long are you going to hold this grudge? Lucian's been practically begging you to come back, what more do you want?
The stationary breaking before the exam was just a freak accident. Zack already apologized, what else do you want? His life?" Lemira stood there, Alaric's accusing tone ringing in her ears. It was as if she was the villain.
She turned around, her gaze sharp and clear.
"Which hospital is Lucian at?"
"Hmph, now you ask? Too late, I won't tell you."
Alaric was exasperated, Lemira seemed to care less about family now. Before, if Lucian so much as coughed, Lemira would be all over it.
But now? Cold and indifferent, he couldn't stand to see it.
Lemira nodded, "Fine, don't tell me then."
She continued walking.
"Lemira, are you really not going to see Lucian at the hospital?"
"I just asked, and you're the one stopping me."
Alaric was irritated, "I was just speaking out of anger, how could you not go?"
Lemira was unemotional, "Lucian has Evelina by his side anyway, my presence makes no difference."
"How's that the same? Evelina isn't our real sister."
After his voice trailed off, Alaric happened to spot Evelina appearing from the school building.
The atmosphere turned awkward. Everyone heard him.
Evelina stood there, her eyes getting red.
At the sight of it, Lemira's lips curled in a mocking smile, "Alaric, that's your fault for saying this. Even though Evelina was adopted by the Langstons, she's been nothing but good to our family. How can you say Something so hurtful?" 
Moral high ground, she could play that game too.
Alaric's face changed colors quicker than a chameleon. He turned to Evelina, "I didn't mean it like that."
Evelina wiped her tears and forced a strong smile, "I know, you've always been kind to me, like a real brother."
Alaric breathed a sigh of relief, "Glad you understand."
Having one Lemira was headache enough, if Evelina took offense too, he'd lose his mind.
Alaric turned back to Lemira, "Eve's always been understanding and obedient, not petty and sulky, running away from home like you!" Lemira had to admire Evelina's acting. She turned and walked away, ignoring Alaric.
But Alaric was not one to give up, following her, "Lemira, what have you been up to lately? Got into live streaming or something?" Deep down, Alaric was suspicious.
After all, Lemira's voice and the voice of the streamer SweetLemon were identical. It seemed like they were the same person. So he had to come to school to find out for himself.
Lemira looked up, a smirk playing on her lips, "Alaric, you're asking if I'm SweetLemon, that streamer, aren't you?"
Alaric looked awkward, "Don't overthink it, I'm just asking."
Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery.
Back when she was tirelessly
practicing games, trying to win an et
championship for SkyBlaze, Alaric never showed her this mucho attention! 
Now that she was gone, he had the
a said, "So, do y
come chasing after
She
Sustent
am her, or hope I'm not?" belongs to FindNovel
###Chapter 99
Lemira locked eyes with Alaric. As a matter of fact, he too was eager to uncover the truth.
Alaric, noticing Lemira's sarcastic expression, felt a sudden clarity. Deep down, he had his suspicions. After all, Lemira's knack for gaming was undeniable. The girl who could pull off a twelve-hit combo was no longer the little sister who used to trail behind him. She had grown, even surpassing him in skill.
Evelina watched from the sidelines, her heart filled with resentment. Stepping forward with feigned concern, Evelina said, "Lemmy, if you really are the streamer SweetLemon, that's just amazing." Lemira lifted her eyelids, "Oh really?"
"Yes, you've become so outstanding. With you on our team, SkyBlaze is sure to win the championship, right Alaric?"
Alaric's face twisted uncomfortably. Of course, he wanted Lemira back on the team!
He turned his head, coughing slightly, "I suppose it doesn't matter to me."
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk, "I never said I'd participate in the finals!"
Alaric's expression froze, "What do you mean?"
"You've forgotten your words? You said I was replaceable, that you already found a great team member, and I was nothing special."
Lemira reminded him of their conversation back then. She was not the same Lemira anymore.
Hurt and mocked, then expected to come running back at a mere call? Never happening! With that, Lemira briskly left the school grounds. Alaric watched her leave, his mind replaying their conversation.
Back then, he thought he could sign SweetLemon. That was why he spoke so carelessly!
But now, Alaric realized that account might just be Lemira's. The last thing he wanted to happen, happened.
Evelina chimed in, "Alaric, do you think Lemira could be SweetLemon? Their voices are identical, and she didn't deny it just now."
Alaric clenched his teeth, "I'm not sure."
"But Alaric, even though this is good news, it means Lemira knew all along that you want to scout her and didn't tell you. She's been watching you make a fool of yourself!" Evelina emphasized "make a fool of yourself".
Upon hearing it, Alaric felt his ego bruised, "I don't think it's her. Knowing her, she would've bragged about it if it were true."
But Lemira didn't confess, which to Alaric meant it wasn't true. He could only persuade himself like that.
Evelina secretly breathed a sigh of relief, "I thought so too."
Since Lemira hadn't outright confessed, it indicated guilt. SweetLemon couldn't be her!
---
After catching a cab, Lemira decided to visit the hospital. Even though Alaric didn't tell her which one, she knew where Lucian would be treated. Upon arriving, she easily found Lucian's room.
Stepping out of the elevator, she
hesitated unsure if she should approach. Suddenly, the room door swung open, and the butler looked surprised, "Ms. Langston, you finally came." 
Glancing into the room and seeing Lucian absent, the butler said coldly,
treatment. The doctor said the. stress affected his heart. He'll Reed
"Mr. Lucian Langston is the not-
to take it easy from now on. Come with me." 
Lemira hesitated but followed him to a quiet corner. There, she saw Lucian resting, Evelina standing guard by his side, a scene of harmony.
"Ms. Sterling has been here, bringing
meals and keeping company, while you didn't even bother to check in. Mr. Lueian Langston has been good to Ms. Sterling, shouldn't he be?" 
Lemira lowered her gaze, a self-mocking tone in her voice, "As long as he's okay."
Then, she turned and left the hospital.
###Chapter 100
Honestly, she wasn't even sure why she ended up here. Perhaps, she should have never come in the first place.
The butler was right, with Evelina around, there was hardly a place for her. Did Lucian not always rave about Evelina's soup in the past?
Not long after Lemira left, Lucian returned to his hospital room.
Noticing the flowers in the trash can by the door, he asked without thinking, "Who's been here?"
The butler replied calmly, "Just some nobody. I've sent them away so they won't disturb your rest." Evelina brought over a thermos, "Lucian, try the soup I made. Do you think it's gotten better?" Lucian tasted it, "Mm-hmm, it's definitely improved, Eve. You've put in a lot of effort."
Yet, deep down, he couldn't help but reminisce about the nutritious dish Lemira used to make.
He had always taken for granted the care and affection from Lemira. Unfortunately, he had become so accustomed to it that he overlooked Lemira's efforts!
He had been filled with regret lately, realizing he had done many things that hurt Lemira.
Seeing Lucian's reaction, Evelina felt a tinge of discomfort and said, "Lucian, I've got something to tell you. Lemmy has been streaming lately."
"Streaming to make money?" Lucian felt a pang of discomfort.
Lemira should have been living comfortably, without the need to work part-time, let alone stream for cash.
The streaming world was, after all, a mixed bag.
Evelina nodded, "Yes, but she joined PixelStage, which is a competitor of Alaric's VibeCast. If Alaric finds out, he's going to be furious."
Lucian replied coolly, "Let him be mad. He deserves it for driving Lemmy away!"
Evelina was taken aback by Lucian's stance. She had expected Lucian to side with Alaric, condemning Lemira for joining a rival platform and seemingly opposing their family! She even thought Lucian would confront Lemira, pressuring her to quit streaming.
That was the outcome she had hoped for. But Lucian didn't react as she had anticipated.
Evelina, not wanting Lemira to outshine her, continued, "Lucian,& mean, Lemmy joining PixelStage is practically setting us up for embarrassment! If we could make her quit..." en FindNovel
Lucian cut her off immediately, "Lemmy is free to choose whatever platform she likes."
Seeing Lucian's expression, Evelina didn't press further, not wanting to upset him.
She was internally panicking. Lucian had truly changed. All her efforts had barely secured her a place in Lucian's heart. Yet, Lemira did nothing and still received his forgiveness.
Indeed, being a real sister made a difference. Alaric's words from
Evelina, waking her up
earlier felt like a cold shower to net
She would never truly belong to the Langston family! She had to plan for herself.
---
Lemira returned to the apartment.
The housekeeper had timely prepared a meal for one, clearly indicating Orion and Thaddeus wouldn't be joining for dinner.
After eating, Lemira logged into her gaming account to repair some equipment, preparing for the evening's battle.
Upon logging in, she quickly received a message. She took a glance; it's from Alaric.
[Who are you, really?]
Lemira knew she couldn't keep her secret much longer. But she didn't intend to keep hiding it, nor did she
see the need to explashe
Ignoring the message, she ventured out to run some instance dungeons.
Perhaps due to her streaming, many knew her ID and sent team invites. Lemira joined one at random.
During the team formation, she noticed a familiar ID joining - Alaric's.
Soon, Alaric's voice came through the team channel, "Got time for dungeons but can't reply to my message?" His tone was accusatory.
###Chapter 101
Lemira heard his voice but didn't feel like engaging with him.
The dungeon raid began, and Lemira teamed up with her fellow players to take down monsters.
Alaric, however, kept hovering around her, bombarding her with questions, "What's the deal? Are you not happy with the offer our company made? What more do you want?" Alaric was getting anxious. If he couldn't recruit someone suitable, what would they do for the finals at the end of the month? Lemira frowned. Did Alaric not realize there were other people in the team? Wasn't he afraid his words would give them away? Soon, a male voice chimed in, "Hey, isn't that the captain of SkyBlaze? If you're recruiting, at least show some manners!" "Yeah, such an impolite attitude. Those in the know would think you're headhunting, those not would think you're burying a body!" "Ms. Lemon, why don't you join the Reapers instead? Both the pay and fame are decent over there."
At the mention of Reapers, Alaric instantly flared up, "She's not allowed to go!"
She could not join the Reapers!
He had been nothing but patient. Until today, when he realized SweetLemon might actually be Lemira. That was when he lost his cool. "You're being too possessive, Mr. Langston, Ms. Lemon can join any team she likes."
"Exactly, you think you own the beach? Mind your own business!"
Alaric was infuriated, "What's it to you?"
This streamer might be his sister; he had every right to talk how he wanted, outsiders be damned.
Hearing this, Lemira spoke up helplessly, "Stop it, the Boss is about to spawn."
"Alright Miss, we'll listen to you."
"Let's give Ms. Lemon some credit. Even though we're just ordinary people, we're honest and not afraid of these trust fund babies." Lemira remained silent, leading her team to battle the Boss.
But Alaric seemed upset, choosing not to follow the team, trying to solo the Boss and eventually getting killed by the monster.
The team couldn't help but mock Alaric after seeing him die. Alaric, fuming, stared at his screen turned grayscale, "Damn it!"
His secretary approached him, "What's wrong, boss? The streamer won't agree to join?"
Alaric massaged his temples, "It's not about her joining anymore right now."
If this streamer really was Lemira! He didn't even know what to do!
He thought about Lemira's performance during her streams, skilled and knowledgeable about the game. It was as if she had undergone professional training.
A hint of doubt appeared in Alaric's eyes; he remembered Lemira never received professional training. How odd!
So, this streamer couldn't be Lemira! If she were, then all he had said would turn into a joke.
Alaric was actually afraid to face this truth. He told his secretary, "Find someone else."
"So, we're not pursuing this streamer?"
"Do as I say! I refuse to believe she's the only one out there for us."
Alaric was burning inside. Seeing how impressive the streamer was made his feelings even more complicated.
If this streamer truly was Lemira, was she playing him all along, just to mock him?
After finishing the instance dungeon, Lemira noticed Alaric had logged off. Probably bruised his ego, hence the logout?
Lemira knew Alaric well; he always cared about his dignity. Was this like slapping him right across the face where it hurt most? But Lemira didn't dwell on it much. Feeling tired after the raid, she left the study to get some water.
She saw Orion sitting on the couch, "When did you get back?"
Orion, who had been dozing off, slowly opened his eyes upon hearing her footsteps, "Just got back. Did you go to school today?"
###Chapter 102
He caught sight of the form sitting on the coffee table - it's for college applications.
Lemira nodded, "Go grab the paperwork."
"Sweet Lemon, with your streams blowing up, Alaric's gotta know, right? Bet he's kicking himself now, losing a rockstar sister like you."
Thaddeus emerged from the bathroom, his bathrobe hanging loosely, his hair still wet.
Orion's face darkened, "Get back to your room and don't come out until you're dressed properly!"
"Oops, I was just too excited and forgot."
Thaddeus quickly retreated to his room to change. Geez, didn't expect him to be such a green-eyed monster, especially when he dresses so modestly!
Lemira went to the kitchen and brought out a platter of sliced fruits, noticing Orion seemed a bit worn out.
Orion glanced at the fruit platter, "Decided which platform you're signing with yet?"
"I'm thinking I won't sign. I checked out PixelStage's contract, and they require a set amount of streaming hours daily. Once school starts, I won't have that kind of time to stream, not as freely anyway."
Not signing meant she could still earn through the platform, albeit without the promotional support from them.
Thaddeus, now fully clothed, joined them, "That's easy, just negotiate with PixelStage. They'll surely agree to your terms."
Lemira was surprised, "Why? I heard PixelStage's contracts are pretty standard, rarely modified for newcomers." Unless they were a big deal.
Thaddeus coughed, "You might as well mention it, who knows? After all, you're a catch, and the platform is able to make profit; they aren't foolish."
Lemira felt Thaddeus was joking! Maybe Thaddeus could pull some strings for her, but she didn't want to owe favors.
Lemira shook her head, "Forget it. My earnings have been decent these past days. I should have enough for tuition and living expenses once school starts."
As Thaddeus munched on fruit, he quipped, "What about Alaric? I don't believe he couldn't recognize your voice!"
Orion shot a cold look his way, "Can't you keep your mouth shut even when you're eating?"
Lemira smiled, "I ran into him at school today, but I didn't admit it, and he couldn't be sure!"
"He's just feeling guilty. Sweet Lemon, you should show your face on tonight's stream, scare the life
out of him! Make him regret?ve
Lemira shook her head, "There's no need. I just wanna keep my distance from them." She wouldn't let them disrupt her life.
Thaddeus wanted to add more but was silenced by a look from Orion. After Lemira left, Thaddeus spoke in a hushed tone, "Why not let me pitch in, give Sweet Lemon a chance to blow off some steam?" 
"We can stand up for her without making her do anything."
Orion had his plans already.
---
Half an hour before the live stream.
As Lemira went online, the streaming room was already bustling with anticipation.
Evelina was there too, seething with jealousy as she saw the follower count hit 300,000.
Just because she was good at gaming? How could she gain so many followers?
Evelina glanced at Alaric beside her, "Alaric, what's your plan now?"
Alaric watched the stream with a stern face, "Let's see how this plays out first." Evelina gritted her teeth secretly.
PixelStage had specially pushed Lemira's
skyrocketing her visibility.
stream to the homepage et
Curious fans flocked to her channel 
[Ms. Lemon, you're so savvy with your game commentary, were you a pro before?] [Heard SkyBlaze's captain wants to recruit you, which team are you considering?] [Yeah, SkyBlaze's captain even holds the top spot, and he's watching now.]
Lemira noticed the top fan's name was indeed Alaric. She began, "SkyBlaze did approach me, but..." Alaric's heart tightened at it.
###Chapter 103
Lemira stared at her computer screen, her tone even, "But my aim is the national team."
[Ms. Lemon, you should join Reapers for sure. National team's a shoe-in with them.]
[SkyBlaze is a one-hit wonder. They're only in the running because of the playoff. That team's not up to snuff!]
[Exactly, I've heard there's some management issues in SkyBlaze. Their talented sister has been sidelined until they're nearly out of the competition, and then she comes in and pulls off a twelve-hit combo!]
Seeing these comments, Lemira spoke up, "As for which team to join, I haven't decided yet. The game's about to start."
She logged into the game, getting ready for the player-versus-player combat.
But Alaric, hearing her response, was so mad he smashed his keyboard! Evelina, feigning sympathy, said, "Alaric, don't be so angry. She's just riding her current wave of fame, trying to up her price. We could always offer more money." Alaric frowned, "It's no use."
"Alaric, let me give you a hand. I've got an idea."
Evelina watched the live stream on the computer, a cunning glint in her eye.
In the middle of her game, Lemira sneezed a couple of times, feeling a chill down her spine.
But her momentary distraction gave her opponent the chance to hit her with a powerful move, leaving her critically damaged.
Lemira focused intently, using her agility to take cover inside a building. After waiting for a bit, she found an opportunity to leap out. Realizing she was about to pull off the twelve-hit combo, she quickly stopped herself.
Even without using the twelve-hit combo, Lemira still won the match. Seeing she had won, Lemira finally breathed a sigh of relief.
The live chat exploded: [If I'm not mistaken, was that the setup for a twelve-hit combo just now?]
[Absolutely, as a fan of King, I've practiced the twelve-hit combo countless times. I'm very familiar with that jump!]
[Ms. Lemon, were you about to use the twelve-hit combo?]
Lemira, seeing the comments, knew this would happen.
She responded, "I'm also a huge fan
of King and have practiced the twelve-hit combo once, so it just came out haturally in that situation. But as you all know, landing a successful twelve-hit combois incredibly difficult!" 
That was a close call. Lemira felt a bit guilty.
After the match, there was a ten-minute break.
[Ms. Lemon, someone's calling you out on VibeCast, are you going to respond?]
Lemira clicked on the link a fan sent, and it took her to Evelina's live stream!
Evelina sat in front of her computer, wearing a white dress, the beauty filter turned up to maximum, looking every inch the innocent beauty.
Evelina's eyes were red, [Ms. Lemon,
I don't understand why you suddenly broke our agreement to join PixelStage. Alaric saw your potential before you were famous, talked to you so much, and taught you a lot about the team. And then you turn around and don't want to cooperate. That really hurts.] 
Evelina had her share of die-hard fans, and plenty came to Lemira's stream to hurl insults.
Lemira's lips curled in a cold smirk, "First off: I never agreed to sign with SkyBlaze. Second: I got where I am on my own."
Evelina continued with her tearful
act, "Everyone knows someone who's never been trained by a professional team couldn't possibly be this skilled. Miss Lemon, even if you wanted to break the contract, you could've parted on good terms. Instead, you turned to PixelStage. You're playing really unfair!" 
Lemira was visibly annoyed. She opened up the game's chat box: [Here are all the conversations I had with SkyBlaze's captain. The truth is right here!] She made the conversation with Alaric public.
###Chapter 104
If Alaric thought he could push her around, he was in for a surprise. Screenshots of their conversation quickly made their way into the comment section. [Hey, drama queen with the crocodile tears, open your eyes wide and see for yourself. It was Alaric pestering Ms. Lemon all this time; she never agreed to join you.] [Now jealous of Ms. Lemon's success, you want to guilt-trip her into handing over the fruits of her labor? How shameless can you be?]
[Stop playing the innocent victim card as if you hold the moral high ground! We see right through you!]
The chat in Evelina's live stream blew up with reactions.
Seeing the number of viewers spike, Evelina couldn't hide her glee. She knew this drama would rake in followers!
Alaric, on the other hand, felt his pride wounded. He hadn't expected her to leak their conversation.
Now, he was convinced that SweetLemon wasn't Lemira. If it were Lemira, she wouldn't have done this, considering it could tarnish the Langston family's reputation. Well, if she refused to accept his nice gesture, he wasn't going to continue it either.
Alaric logged into the game and headed straight for the tournament.
His ranking was 90th. He messaged the other players around his rank, asking them to stay off the game. That way, the only contender SweetLemon could face was him. If she wanted to advance, she'd have to beat him!
Originally, Alaric had planned to sign her and then hype up today's match. But that was no longer necessary.
His secretary ventured, "Boss, she's a newbie. Are you sure you want to do this personally?"
"Yes, I'm going to teach her a lesson myself!"
Alaric was confident. After all, as a seasoned pro, how could he lose to a newcomer? Despite the streamer showing some talent, she was no match for a professional. The match started soon after.
When Lemira saw who her opponent was, her gaze turned icy. "What a coincidence," she remarked coolly.
She was aware of Alaric's ranking,
but with multiple players at 90th, the match up was random. Alaric had purposefully made sure of this match. 
At the time, many online viewers caught the sight.
[Ms. Lemon, don't be scared. You've got the skills.]
[What's a pro doing here trying to show superiority? Isn't this against the rules?]
[SkyBlaze's captain is clearly out for revenge!]
Lemira remained calm, "Don't worry, everyone. The game's not over yet. Who wins and who loses is still up in the air."
A troll commented: [Don't be too cocky, or you'll end up eating your words.]
Lemira ignored the troll.
She eyed the character on her screen, Alaric's gear still set up as she had arranged. But today, she was determined to dismantle it piece by piece. 
No one knew Alaric's gameplay better than her! Lemira grabbed her weapon, "Let's start."
Her slender fingers danced swiftly across the keyboard, predicting almost every move Alaric made.
Yet, his understanding of her tactics
was
minwhere close. Within five
Alaric was on his last legs,
hiding behind a building. 
Lemira didn't pursue. She stood her ground.
Alaric was frustrated, "How is this possible? How does she know every move and strategy?"
"Boss, maybe she studied you beforehand. That's why she's so familiar with it!"
Alaric shook his head, "No, that last move I saved for the finals. I've never used it before!"
That was when it hit him, "Wait, there's one person who would know."
Lemira would know! After all, she was the one who had come up with those secret moves. Alaric's breath hitched. Was she really Lemira?
###Chapter 105
Alaric felt like his mind had been through a blender. All those secret strategies, they were Lemira's brainchild.
Alaric hadn't taken them seriously before, but with the finals looming and no suitable gunner in sight, he'd decided to give Lemira's suggestions a shot to avoid making any unexpected mistakes. Staring at the computer screen in disbelief, he couldn't believe that SweetLemon was Lemira. His character bolted from the room, "Who are you, really?"
He'd been in denial all along. But now, he had to face the truth!
Why had Lemira hidden her identity, played him for a fool, and refused to rejoin his team?
Lemira dodged Alaric's confrontational stance, "Better save those moves, they won't work on me!"
"Lemira, is that you? Answer me!"
Her response was cool, "I told you before, your moves are full of defects, and it seems nothing's changed."
With that, Lemira's character jumped in the air, launching into a counterattack, leaving Alaric unable to fend off and collapsing on the ground.
Lemira had won, advancing to the top 90! The chat exploded with excitement.
[Wow, Ms. Lemon, you just took down a pro!]
[Sure, the captain of SkyBlaze might be a bit of a jerk, but he's got skills in gaming. Can't believe you beat him, goddess!]
The footage of their match spread like wildfire across gaming forums.
Evelina, who'd been playing the sympathy card and bad-mouthing SweetLemon during her stream to gain followers, was shocked to see the news of Alaric's defeat. Impossible! How could Alaric lose?
Evelina ended her stream and set out to find Alaric, "Where's Alaric?"
"Right after the match, he just wandered off, didn't talk to anyone."
Evelina stomped her foot in frustration. How could he lose? Such embarrassment!
After the match, Lemira went through her usual routine of breaking down the gameplay; as it came to the battle between Alaric and her, she pinpointed the latter's weaknesses and strategic flaws due to his personality, something she had always pointed out to him before. 
Alaric, however, had never listened.
Lemira signed off after her analysis. Checking her phone, she found a message from Lucian. [SweetLemon, that's you, isn't it?]
She pondered for a moment before replying. [Does it matter if it's me?]
Lucian let out a weary smile,.[It's not what you think. Streaming isn't easy, it's a mixed bag. It's tough out there for a young woman.]
[I know.]
[If you insist on streaming, I'd recommend signing with Alaric's company. If you're seen as family, he'll look out for you.]
Lemira found the idea amusing. Alaric, looking out for her?
She had finally escaped the Langston family's clutches; why would she put herself under anyone's thumb again?
She ignored the message. Soon, another message from Lucian arrived.
[Lemmy, you can join any group. But I ask only one thing, stay away from the Reapers.]
Lemira's eyes dripped with scoff. [Which team I join is my choice.]
[I know, but anywhere but the Reapers. Otherwise, Alaric wouldn't handle it.]
Lemira was aware of the feud. The Reapers captain Matthew was Alaric's nemesis. But her choices of joining any team were none of the Langstons' business. 
Lemira left the message unanswered.
Meanwhile, Evelina's stream had twisted the narrative, accusing Lemira of being unfaithful for switching to PixelStage, sparking debates online by some anti-fans. 
en FindNovel
Lemira didn't pay it much mind. Then, the head of PixelStage called, "Ms. Lemon, have you made up your mind? We can negotiate any terms."
"I'll have to start school in two months and can't commit to a fixed daily streaming schedule."
"That's easy, we can adjust your contract to weekends only, no requests for working days. How does that sound?"
Lemira was surprised at the flexibility, replying, "I'll think it over."
###Chapter 106
"Our streaming platform is top-notch, don't let those folks over at VibeCast fool you. They offered you five hundred thousand, right? We'll go straight to a million a year. How do you think?"
A million? Lemira was tempted.
She replied, "Sounds good, let me think about it and I'll get back to you later."
After hanging up, Lemira left the study.
Orion was lounging on the couch, still on his phone. The voice on the other end said, "Mr. Everhart, we've already informed the executives at PixelStage."
Hearing footsteps, Orion quickly ended the call and looked up at Lemira, "There's some fruit on the table."
Lemira's throat was indeed a bit sore. She picked up the plate, "PixelStage just called me. They actually agreed I don't have to stream every day and they're offering a million signing bonus." "They see your potential, securing you early is a win for them."
Lemira was in high spirits, "Now I don't have to worry about tuition and living expenses."
Ever since she left the Langston mansion, she hadn't touched her credit card, nor had she spent a dime from her savings account.
Orion's gaze was profound, "Is there anything else you wanna do?"
Lemira found his question odd, "Not really right now, making money solves my biggest problem."
After finishing her fruit, Lemira went back to her place to rest.
Thaddeus finally emerged from the bedroom, "Orion, you've paved the way for Sweet Lemon; she won't have a hard life. Isn't it time for you to move on?"
Orion's gaze darkened slightly, "I'll wait until she starts school."
Thaddeus suddenly felt a headache coming on, "You can't fall for her, though. She's great, but she's not the one for you."
That car accident years ago made it impossible for them. Currently, Lemira didn't know who Orion really was, but if she did, things wouldn't be as peaceful as they were now. If only that accident hadn't happened.
----
The next day, Lemira agreed to sign with PixelStage. After all, her decision to stream was to make money.
PixelStage sent her an invitation,
"There's an online influencers' tomorrow night, come and
fun
if you're free." Content beat
Lemira glanced at the invitation, in her past life she had wanted to go, but Alaric ended up taking Evelina instead. Her past life was full of regrets.
But taking part in such events usually required people wearing evening gowns. After leaving the Langston mansion this time, she had only brought basic clothes. 
en FindNovel
Lemira went next door but found both Orion and Thaddeus were out. Odd.
There was a note on the table, scribbled in a hurry, "Sweet Lemon, we're out for a bit!"
Typical Thaddeus handwriting. Well, she'd just go to the mall herself.
Arriving at her usual shopping center, spending her own money this time somehow felt empowering.
"Lemira, what are you doing here?"
Turning around, Lemira saw Jessica. She replied with a smile, "Just shopping for clothes."
"Are you going to that gala tomorrow night?"
"How did you know?"
"Just guessed. My brother happens to be working at the event, mentioned SweetLemon might be there."
Lemira didn't bother hiding it, asking, "You here alone?"
"Just got out of the internet café, my parents ban me from gaming.
pahelp you shop for cloth. Lere!
nothing else to do."ke?
me
Lemira didn't reject, and they headed to the top floor.
belongs
Seeing the brands there, Jessica remarked, "These clothes must be expensive."
"Don't worry, I can afford it!"
Lemira walked straight into a boutique, and a salesperson approached, "Ms. Langston, what can I do for you?"
"Lemira's cards are all frozen, how did she get money to shop here?" Evelina and Judy walked in, smirking triumphantly.
###Chapter 107
As Lemira caught sight of Evelina making her entrance, an unmistakable flash of irritation crossed her face.
Fate really was a piece of work! It's like the people you least wanted to see have a knack for popping up everywhere.
Evelina, oozing with an angelic vibe, sauntered over, "Lemmy, you've been away from home for quite a while now. Alaric is just worried about you, which is why he froze your credit card. Don't take it to heart." Lemira maintained a cool demeanor. Having been cut off financially in her past life, she had gone through quite the ordeal.
Now she understood that true independence in finance would bring personal independence!
Jessica shot back, "Enough, Evelina. Quit showing off. If Lemira decided to come back, she could reclaim her status as the Langston heiress in a heartbeat. You, on the other hand, will never match up." Evelina was fuming, her teeth gritted, hating nothing more than being reminded of her background.
Lemira ignored Evelina, turning her attention to the salesperson instead, "I'd like to try on these two dresses, please."
The salesperson, recognizing Lemira, didn't dare slack off.
Evelina, standing sidelines in annoyance, whipped out her VIP card, "Sorry, but I've taken a liking to those dresses too."
Jessica was livid, "Evelina, have you no shame? Ever heard of first come, first served?"
Judy chimed in, "Well, Eve's a VIP member, so she gets priority. Let's see if Lemira has a VIP card to flaunt."
Given Lemira had left home with nothing, she obviously didn't have such a card.
The assistant looked at Lemira uncomfortably, "Ms. Langston, what do you say?"
Lemira let go, "I don't have a VIP card. Let her have them."
Jessica was near tears.
Evelina, on the other hand, felt triumphant, as if she'd finally ousted Lemira from the Langston family, cementing her status as the only heiress.
Lemira kept browsing, but Evelina's
sidekick kept turning against her by snatching the clothes. Lemira said nothing, continuing to pick out a variety of clothes and shoes
When Evelina realized the pile was growing quite large, Lemira finally stopped, looking at Evelina, "You're not planning to buy all these, are you?"
Evelina, chin up, replied smugly,
"Yes,
tomoe's a influencer's gala
tomorrow
night. Alaric said he'd take
me, so he wanted me to pick out some nice outfits." 
Lemira wasn't surprised. Alaric had taken Evelina to the same event in her past life.
Jessica was still seething, "What's so great about attending an event? In fact, Lemira..."
Lemira cut her off, turning to the salesperson, "Since Ms. Sterling is feeling so generous today, why don't you go ahead and ring her up?" Evelina's face fell, "Wait, I haven't even tried them on yet."
"They come in sizes. You can have them exchanged if they don't fit. You're not just trying them on to back out of buying, are you?" Lemira's tone was calm but cornered Evelina effectively.
Jessica added fuel to the fire, "If you can't afford it, don't hoard so much. A VIP member who can't even splurge on this little? Please." Evelina, through gritted teeth, said, "Who said I can't afford it? Bag them all."
Her sidekick scoffed, "See, Lemira? In the Langston family, Eve is the favored one. Not only these c
ever buying out this stor
be a problem!" 
Evelina, frustrated, slapped Judy, "Who asked you to blabber?" She reluctantly handed over her credit card, wincing at the thought of the bill.
The assistant swiped the card, and then uttered, surprised, "Sorry, but this card cannot be read."
Evelina's expression changed, "How's that possible? Are you mistaken? My brother gave me this card; it's impossible it can't be used." The owner came over soon and tried again, "Ms. Sterling, it seems there's a limit on the card that's preventing this transaction." Evelina's cheeks burned with humiliation. Usually, to maintain her facade of the obedient sister, she rarely made such extravagant purchases.
###Chapter 108
But she never imagined there would be a spending limit, not even enough to buy these few pieces of clothing. Lemira looked at her with a smirk, "Can't afford it, huh?"
Jessica snatched back the dress that Lemira had lost earlier, "If you can't afford it, stop trying to show off." Evelina's eyes were red with anger, "Lemmy, didn't you say you wouldn't use a dime of your family's money?"
She couldn't believe Lemira could afford such expensive clothes.
Lemira pulled out her card and handed it to the manager, "Charge it, I'll try these on in a bit."
Judy, her sidekick, wasn't having it, yelling at the manager, "We saw it first, how can you sell it to her? We are premium members!"
The manager replied politely, "We usually go by who places the order first. Besides, Ms. Langston may not have a membership card, but she's still the Langston heiress, a VIP in our store." "She's been kicked out!"
The manager, unflinching, replied, "It's just a temporary squabble. After all, you can't sever blood ties."
Lemira was, after all, the only biological sister in the Langston family, that was a fact.
Evelina, infuriated to tears, decided to call Alaric.
She couldn't let Lemira see her in this state.
Hearing the manager talk about unbreakable blood ties made Lemira feel uncomfortable.
She didn't want to be bound by so-called blood relations!
She took the dress and headed to the fitting room.
Outside, Evelina was tearfully calling Alaric, but no one answered until his assistant picked up.
"Why isn't Alaric picking up?"
"The boss got smashed last night, not up yet."
Drunk?
Evelina was instantly annoyed. Why did he have to get drunk at a time like this?
What was she supposed to do now?
She absolutely can't lose to Lemira.
Evelina had no choice but to call Lucian, who answered quickly, "Eve, what's wrong?" "Lucian-"
Her voice was whiny, "I had no choice but to call you."
"Why are you crying? Who's bothering you?"
"Lucian, I was out shopping and ran into Lemmy.thought, since she ran away from home without any money, she'd be broke. But it seems like she's not short on cash. I didn't want her spending someone else's money, so I tried to pay for her, but I didn't have enough. She seemed a bit upset." 
Judy quickly added, "Lemira's really being too much, flaunting her money in front of Eve, saying Eve is living beyond her means." "Lemmy wouldn't mean it like that."
Evelina gave her sidekick a meaningful look.
Lucian, puzzled, asked, "where did she get all that money?"
"I'm not sure," Evelina replied.
"Alright, I got it. Come back home, don't get into a conflict with her."
With a reluctant sigh, Evelina hung up, kicking a mannequin in frustration.
Lucian would've definitely handed her a big wad of cash to settle the bill back then.
Judy asked, "So, did Lucian give you a hefty sum to buy clothes?"
"No, he told me to go home."
Evelina couldn't swallow heel
but then her phone beeped with
message from Lucian. [I've
2
transferred the money to your Pay for Lemmy's stuff too.] 
Satisfied, Evelina made her way back into the store.
Just as Lemira came out of the fitting room, Evelina strutted back in, clearly having secured the funds.
Evelina crossed her arms smugly, "Wrap up all these clothes for me, I'm taking them all."
Lemira remained unfazed; she really didn't care.
Evelina turned to Lemira with a
bragging tone, "Lucian just
Lnet
transferred a hefty sum to me, told me to spend it all, or don't bother coming home." 
###Chapter 109
Lemira overheard Evelina boasting, and she remained utterly unfazed.
After all, she was making her own money now.
With a composed look, Lemira told the salesgirl, "The size is fine, I'll take it."
"Lemmy, you're just getting these two items? Is that doc you're seeing too stingy to splurge on you?"
Judy sneered, "Lemira, pretending to be richer than you are, huh? That day, the doc rented all those luxury cars to pick you up, such a spectacle, pity they were all rented!"
Evelina's lips curved in a victorious smile, finally feeling vindicated.
Holding her shopping bags, Lemira retorted, "At least I'm spending money I earned myself, not depending on anyone else."
"Lemmy, depending on family is also a form of happiness, you know. Why keep fighting with them? Wouldn't it be easier to just apologize and go back? You have no idea how much I envy you for having such a loving family."
Jessica couldn't stand it anymore, "Evelina, cut the crocodile tears. If it weren't for your meddling, Lemira wouldn't have run away from home. This is all on you!"
Evelina chuckled merrily, "But her brothers seem to prefer me, feeling I'm more well-behaved and sensible. There's nothing I can do about that. You can't blame me."
Lemira had no interest in wasting more words on Evelina.
If it had been in her past life, she would have been angry and upset, even fighting over these trivial matters with Evelina.
But now, she didn't care in the least about her brothers favoring Evelina.
After leaving the store, Jessica fumed at Evelina, "Keep gloating, but you'll never be the real Langston heiress. You're just a fake."
Evelina clenched her teeth in anger upon hearing those words.
One day, she vowed, she'd completely oust Lemira from the Langston family, and then she would truly become the Langston heiress.
---
After Lemira had left, Jessica vented her frustration, "Lemmy, how can you tolerate Evelina bullying you like this?"
"If I'm not angry, why are you?" Lemira replied calmly.
"But you're the real sister! I don't get
it. I used to think it's your bad
attitude that made you unlikable. But nowd see it's Evelina's schemes
3
against you." 
Lemira responded softly, "It's not all Evelina's fault. My brothers favora sister who's more compliant, and Evelina knows how to play up to
them!" 
In her past life, she truly cared for her brothers and gave a lot, all to be ignored.
Evelina was just better at surface-level charm.
Since her brothers preferred that, she was fine with it now.
Jessica sighed, "Now I see why you started streaming, to make money, right?" "My channel's pretty popular now. I won't be short of money, don't worry!"
Remembering how Lemira's
strean cerned, "Does your brother
had taken off, Jessica felt
less
know you're the streamer?
belongs to ent
"He didn't before. As for now, I'm not sure."
After last night's streaming battle with Alaric, Lemira thought Alaric might have figured out who she was.
She hadn't tried to hide it, especially now that she had signed with PixelStage and was quite popular.
Even if her family found out about her streaming, they couldn't stop her now.
---
That evening's stream, Lemira's broadcast was featured on PixelStage's front page.
She was in high spirits, engaging in battles while providing commentary.
Her professional and exciting gameplay drew in many fans.
Lucian watched Lemira's stream, hearing her relaxed and cheerful voice, it was clear she was enjoying herself. He felt a pang of loss deep inside.
Lemira had been away from home for so long, never looking back, not using a single dollar from her family.
###Chapter 110
Even the world of live streaming was booming now, she definitely didn't need to dip into family funds anymore.
Alaric stumbled through the door, tipsy from the night's escapades. "Lucian, you're watching her stream too! She knows exactly who I am, yet she's been stringing me along the whole time! Does she even care about me?" Lucian offered a wry smile in response. "You've only got yourself to blame, man. How did you treat her back then? We've totally crushed her; that's why she won't go back home."
"But I apologized to her, what more does she want? Lucian, I feel so choked up about it!"
Alaric was struggling with his feelings.
"Alaric, if you truly wanna make amends with Lemmy, you gotta change your attitude towards her, treat her better!"
It was only now that Lucian realized how much he had overlooked Lemira in the past.
"Have we not been good to her? Lucian, you've been in the hospital these past few days and she didn't even bother to visit you once. With her cold-heartedness, how does she expect us to be kind to her?" Alaric, drunk and disoriented, slumped to the floor, mumbling incoherently.
Lucian watched the live stream, feeling a sense of helplessness wash over him.
Because Lemmy was hurt, she couldn't bring herself to visit him.
This was his karma.
When Lemira had been kind to him, he was blind to it.
Lucian sent the streamer some gifts, dominating the screen for a good while.
When Lemira saw the name of the person sending gifts, she froze for a moment: it's Lucian.
She pretended not to notice Lucian's name.
[Ms. Lemon, are you going to the social media stars event tomorrow night?]
Lemira replied: [I'll be there.]
[Wow, is that event hard to get into? I wish I could go and meet Ms. Lemon in person!]
[Willing to pay top dollar for an invite to tomorrow's event!]
After taking a short break, Lemira went on to explain the day's PK, including the strengths and
weaknesses of various roles and et
which ones suited certain players, sharing her past life's experiences to help whoever she could. 
After ending the stream, she rubbed her neck, feeling a bit sore.
Lemira stepped out of the study, heading to the kitchen for some water, and noticed Orion just arriving home at the entrance. Suddenly, everything went dark.
"How come the power's out?" Lemira asked, puzzled.
Thankfully, the outage happened after her stream had ended.
The darkness was total, and from not too far off, Orion's voice came, "I'll call the property management."
"Alright, it might not be a simple trip. I don't see any lights outside either; looks like it's a neighborhood-wide outage."
As Lemira spoke, she groped her way towards the couch but accidentally knocked over a vase.
The vase shattered on the floor, startling Lemira.
"Stay where you are!"
Orion's voice came through, both cold and urgent.
Lemira froze, unsure where the broken glass lay.
She looked up to see the dim light of a cellphone flashlight approaching.
Orion walked over, his figure shrouded in darkness, but the faint light still managed to bridge the distance between them.
"I came out for some water and didn't bring my phone. Good thing you got back in time," Lemira said.
She looked down, intending to
the
the situation on the f
suddenly drew
Put
your hand on my short
Feeling him close, she realized he intended to carry her out.
The warmth from his body was palpable, a stark contrast to her cooler skin.
Feeling his solid muscles, so different from a girl's soft arms, Lemira experienced the thrill of being carried by a stranger for the first time, her heart racing O uncontrollably. en FindNovel
###Chapter 111
Lemira was gently lifted from the debris-strewn area and placed carefully on the couch.
Orion leaned over her with a sigh, "Next time when I say 'don't move,' I mean it. If you can't keep your head straight, at least try not to wander off!" There it was, Lemira got scolded.
She hung her head low, mumbled, "I didn't mean to knock over that vase!"
The warmth on Lemira's face rose significantly, grateful for the darkness veiling their surroundings, sparing her the embarrassment of her red-flushed face being seen. Why was she even flustered? Orion was her mentor, and her friend.
She shouldn't be having such scattered thoughts.
Orion pulled out his cell phone and dialed with a tone as cold as the night, "Check why we've lost power."
Lemira glanced around the dim room, her eyes finally resting on Orion, the only source of light emanating from his phone.
"Where's Thaddeus? Didn't he come back with you?"
"He's out at the bar, won't be back tonight."
"Why didn't you go?"
She knew adults loved their bar nights, especially the rich kids, hitting bars was their norm for unwinding.
The Langston boys did the same, mostly for socializing.
Orion's calm voice broke through her thoughts, "it's noisy."
Hearing this, Lemira wasn't surprised.
Orion always favored tranquility.
Curiosity got the better of her, "I'm kinda curious, how did someone as quiet as you end up buddies with Thaddeus? He's all over the place, super outgoing!"
The contrast between them was stark; it's hard to picture them as friends.
Orion pondered for a moment before replying, "My grandma used to say I was too quiet, told me to find a friend who could talk enough for the both of us, so I wouldn't turn into a mute." Lemira found the idea of Orion's grandma quite amusing.
She couldn't help but ask, "So, you've known Thaddeus since childhood?"
Realizing he might've shared too much, Orion paused, "Why do you ask?"
"Just jealous you have such a close friend."
Her tone carried a hint of melancholy.
The darkness masked her face from Orion's view as he asked, "Didn't you have any friends when you were younger?"
"I did, but after my parents died in
that car crash and I fell ill, forgetting
everything about
wasn't in a good place, emotionally. My old friends drifted away. 
Not long after, Evelina was brought into the family. You know the rest Evelina made sure I was isolated at school, never really had friends since then." ,
Orion's lips tightened as she mentioned the accident, his voice barely a whisper, "All these years, you never remembered anything about the accident?" "I don't, and I rather not relive such pain."
Lemira sighed, "If not for that crash,
my parents would still be alive, Evelina wouldn't be in my life, and maybe, just maybe, my relationship with my brothers wouldn't have soured." 
But there are no what-ifs in life.
Orion's gaze lingered on Lemira, a storm brewing in his eyes unseen in the dark.
"Do you hate the person responsible for the accident?"
His voice trembled slightly, a complex emotion laced within.
In the enveloping darkness, their faces obscured to each other, she firmly stated, "Yes!"
Orion struggled to swallow, his voice hesitant, "Have you thought about finding the main culprit?" "That person fled, leaving a scapegoat to take the blame. We searched for years with no leads." Lemira was determined to find the person responsible for her parents' death.
He finally spoke, "If you ever find them,"
"I'll make them pay!"
Her resolution was clear, a lifelong vow to find the culprit.
Orion remained on the couch, motionless, finding it hard to breathe.
After a moment of silence, Lemira broke the quiet, "When will the power be back?"
Checking his phone, Orion stood up, "They're working on the lines, but it might take a while. You should get some rest. I'll walk you."
###Chapter 112
Lemira fumbled her way off the couch, her movement catching the attention of a pair of lean, handsome hands that reached out to her side. She glanced up, meeting the gaze of the owner of those hands.
A deep voice came from above her, "Better grab onto this cane, you're gonna need it!"
Lemira coughed dismissively, "No need."
The moment her feet hit the ground, she stubbed her toe against the corner of the coffee table, grimacing in pain.
"Sit down, let me have a look."
Orion, looking slightly exasperated, crouched down in front of her, shining the flashlight from his phone on her foot. Lemira stared blankly at the man before her. His side profile, bathed in the dim light, seemed to be wrapped in a warm glow. He was already strikingly handsome, but from this angle, he seemed even more so.
Unable to help herself, Lemira blurted out, "Hey, do you have a girlfriend?"
Orion looked up, his eyes a deep abyss.
He stood up, "No."
"What's your type then? What kind of girl do you like?"
"Why do you ask?"
"Just curious. With looks like yours, how come you don't have a girlfriend? I even saw you with a pretty lady at a diner once." Orion paused, then looked at her, "You saw that?"
Lemira nodded, "Yeah, who's she?"
"Just a friend."
"Really? Just a friend?"
Orion grabbed her wrist, "Not the sharpest tool in the shed, but quite the chatterbox."
As Lemira followed him, she could feel the warmth from his grip on her wrist.
She looked down at their intertwined hands, a small smile playing on her lips.
Orion said he didn't have a girlfriend?
Did that mean she had a chance if she pursued him?
The thought crossed her mind
was quickly dismissed. Orion seemed like a hard catch, and she didn't want to risk ruining their friendship over a rejection, 
After escorting her back to her room, Orion stood at the doorway without entering.
Holding his phone, he advised, "Get some sleep, call me if you need anything. And don't open the door for strangers!" "I know, I'm not a kid."
Lemira turned on her phone's flashlight, "I can see just fine."
With that, Orion left.
She couldn't shake off the feeling that there was something odd about Orion, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. The next day, Lemira woke up to a flood of notifications on her phone.
Remembering the events of the previous night, her heartbeat quickened. She didn't rush to the next room but lingered in bed for a bit longer.
Upon checking a gaming forum, she stumbled upon a thread about herself.
"Who's the Mystery Man Behind Streamer SweetLemon?"
Curious about who this "mystery man" could be, Lemira clicked on the post, only to find screenshots of the gifts..
[Lucian Langston, the CEO of
Langston Group, last night bombarded the streaming room with numerous gifts, spending over 10 thousand dollars, clearly showing a special relationship. But with rumors of falling out with a big sponsor, as Streamer Evelina publicly accused, Lemira's now hiding on PixelStage, even afraid to show her face, lest the sponsor discovers her identity.] 
Lemira was both amused and bewildered by the absurdity of the allegations.
But the discussion was already rampant, with many speculating about her having a wealthy backer, enabling her to ignore Alaric's invitation. Lemira reposted the message on the forum with a clarification: [All these claims are baseless.]
Yet, her attempt to set the record straight seemed to fall on deaf ears.
The trolls started to insinuate that she was kept by a sugar daddy.
Jessica, incerised by the rumors, anonymously posted: [Your thoughts are downright filthy. Streamer Lemon's relation with the Langston family isn't like that at all. I'm her classmate, I can recognize her voice.] 
Soon, another comment popped up: [Finally, someone speaks up. Is Streamer Lemon actually Miss Langston?]
The thread exploded with speculation.
###Chapter 113
Lemira noticed the online whispers guessing her true identity. It was probably her classmates stirring the pot.
But she figured, attending the event tonight would blow her cover anyway.
So, why fret about it leaking early?
[As a classmate of Ms. Langston, I can vouch the voice in the livestream is a dead ringer for Lemira's.]
A troll was quick to counter: [If it's really Ms. Langston streaming on PixelStage, why wouldn't she be on VibeCast instead? Your lies need more work!]
[Ms. Langston nailed a twelve-hit combo in the game. With such talent, why would the Langstons ever let her strike out on her own?]
[Streamer Lemon trying to ride on Ms. Langston's coattails is laughable. As if everyone can pull off a twelve-hit combo.]
Most people still doubted Lemira was SweetLemon.
Reading through the heated forum debates gave Lemira a headache.
At that moment, she received a message from Jessica: [The trolls in the forum are unbearable, probably Evelina's mindless fans. Maybe you should step in and set the record straight?] Lemira chuckled in response: [Let's wait for tonight's event. The truth will come out, no need to waste breath on them.]
Even if she tried to explain, some would remain skeptics.
Glancing at the clock, it's nearly noon.
She walked into the next room where Thaddeus, yawning with his hair all over the place, greeted her: "Morning, sweet lemon."
"It's already noon. Was the bar that entertaining?"
Lemira was curious.
Thaddeus perked up: "Oh, it's a blast. If you're curious, I could take you there sometime."
"Don't corrupt the young," Orion warned as he stepped out of his study, eyeing Thaddeus with caution.
Thaddeus lazily retorted: "Come on, she's college-bound. She's practically an adult, able to date freely. A night out at the bar is no big deal."
Orion's face was stern: "Spare me the nonsense."
Changing the subject quickly, Thaddeus said: "Lemon, got your outfit ready for tonight? Maybe head out for a quick makeover, stun everyone at the event."
Orion commented coolly: "She's attending an event, not a beauty pageant."
"What's the difference? Girls should always dress their best, never mind the old-timers."
Lemira smiled: "I picked out a dress yesterday."
"Perfect, here's a business card for a stylist friend of mine. Go this afternoon, tell them you're a friend of mine."
"Thank you."
In the past, the Langstons would have handled such arrangements.
The most crucial thing was tonight's event. Evelina and Alaric would be there too.
Even though Lemira didn't care
much for makeup, this was her first
public appearance since leaving the
Langston household. She didn't
want to be underestimated 
It's about proving a point, not just about looking good.
Orion, noticing Lemira's smile, felt a sense of accomplishment. The sapling he had been tending to was finally blooming.
In the afternoon, Lemira, dressed in her chosen outfit, was ready to head out.
Thaddeus said: "Lemon, we've got errands this afternoon, so we can't accompany you to the stylist. Honestly, waiting for a woman to get ready isn't exactly my cup of tea!" 
en FindNovel
Mainly because if he and Orion were spotted by the press, their covers would be blown, leading to unnecessary drama.
"No worries, I can manage on my own."
Lemira glanced at Orion.
He met her gaze, his deep: "Call me if you need anything."
With a smile and a nod, Lemira took her dress and left.
Once she was gone, Thaddeus
lounged back and remarked: "Orion, Lemon's an adult now. It's normal for her to want to look beautiful. She's going to grow up, fall in love, get married someday. You can't expect her to stay a spinster, right? What if some smooth-talker sweeps her off her feet?" 
###Chapter 114
Orion tried to hold back, but eventually, he couldn't resist and kicked out in frustration.
Thaddeus, anticipating his reaction, jumped up and continued, "Didn't you say that she had someone she liked? Maybe it's a classmate, and once they get to college, they'll end up together, all lovey-dovey." "Get lost!"
Orion rubbed his temples, feeling an unexplained irritation growing inside him.
---
Lemira took a taxi to the styling studio.
Soon after, Jessica also got out of the car: "Lemmy, are we sure about this place? Never heard of it."
"It's a friend's recommendation, should be good."
Lemira had invited Jessica along since the invitation allowed for a plus-one, regardless of gender.
Entering, Lemira told the receptionist, "I'm here on Thaddeus Draven's recommendation."
"Ms. Langston, Mr. Draven already informed us about you. Please, you and your friend come on in."
Lemira sat down, waiting for her makeover to begin.
Jessica, sitting beside her, said, "Lemira, those trolls online are way out of line, and Evelina even liked their comments. Now everyone thinks you have a sugar daddy. But Lucian is obviously yours. Why won't they clear the air for you?" Lemira remained calm: "It doesn't matter anymore."
"I used to envy how many brothers you had, but now I see they all favor Evelina. Such brothers are worse than none at all."
Lemira calmly looked at her reflection, having long stopped caring about that.
This life, she had finally broken free from the Langstons to live on her own. Hours later, the makeover was complete.
Lemira changed into her dress, looking into the mirror, somewhat unfamiliar.
Jessica took out her phone and snapped several photos: "Lemira you actually clean up pretty well. Evelina's gaslighting is why you always seemed so invisible before." 
en FindNovel
After taking several selfies with Jessica, Lemira checked the time: "Let's go."
They took a taxi to the event, held at a five-star hotel.
Outside, Lemira saw numerous luxury cars and reporters lurking about.
Jessica was a bit nervous: "I've never been to anything like this. I've only seen it on TV. If it weren't for you, I'd be here as a staff member helping my brother, never entering through the main door." 
Lemira was somewhat nervous too but tried to sound relaxed: "What's there to worry about? We're invited."
As the girls approached the entrance, Lemira saw a swarm of reporters rushing towards someone.
Jessica curiously looked over: "Which celebrity has arrived that's got all the reporters running?"
A luxury car stopped by the curb, and Alaric along with Evelina stepped out.
Evelina, in a custom evening gown with an emerald necklace and jade bracelet, looked every inch the heiress.
Lemira recognized the jewelry as the
apology gifts she had given Evelina
in her
ous life, gifts her b
had given her as a child.
Evelina basked in the adoration of the press, proud of the antique and valuable pieces she adorned.
Lemira walked away, all those possessions now belonged to her.
A reporter asked Alaric: "Mr. Alaric, rumors say that the streamer SweetLemon is your sister Lemira. Is that true?"
Evelina's smile froze, a clear case of asking the wrong question at the wrong time.
###Chapter 115
Alaric was caught off guard when a reporter asked if Lemira was indeed that popular streamer. Lately, he'd been drowning his sorrows in bourbon, trying to numb himself. If it hadn't been for this event, he probably wouldn't have snapped out of it yet.
He'd heard that SweetLemon, the mysterious streamer, would be attending the event. Alaric wanted to see for himself who this streamer really was. Was it really Lemira?
Evelina jumped in before anyone else could speak. "You know, we've been wondering about that ourselves," she said, her voice dripping with a mix of curiosity and skepticism. "After all, that streamer has always kept their identity hidden. We can't be too sure." "But there's a rumor going around that the streamer's voice is identical to Ms. Langston's. Is that true?"
Evelina's face flushed a shade darker. "That may be, but there are plenty of people in the world who sound alike. It doesn't really prove anything."
"So, Ms. Sterling, you're saying you don't believe SweetLemon is Ms. Langston?"
"That's what I believe. I mean, if she were that talented, I doubt she'd join PixelStage. If Lemira were to sign with anyone, it would be VibeCast, just like me."
Evelina glanced at Alaric, seeking his agreement. "Alaric, you think I'm right, don't you?"
Alaric looked uncomfortable, unable to respond. If Lemira was indeed SweetLemon, would she have signed with his company? Before, he would have been sure. But now, he wasn't so certain.
Lemira, who had been silent till then, turned and walked towards the check-in desk.
Jessica sounded indignant. "Why should Evelina guilt-trip you? It's your choice which group you sign with."
"I won't let them bully me," Lemira replied firmly.
As Lemira reached the check-in, Evelina's voice rang out behind her. "Lemmy, what brings you here?"
Dressed in a stunning evening gown and adorned with luxurious jewelry, Evelina looked every bit the princess. She touched the necklace around her neck, feigning concern. "Lemmy, if you wanna come to this event, you could have just told me. Look at how shabbily you're dressed." 
Lemira's response was cold. "Why would I need to tell you?"
Evelina gritted her teeth. "Because this event is by invitation only. You and Jessica aren't here to work as part-time greeters, are you?" That seemed like the only logical explanation!
Alaric frowned upon hearing
"greeters." "You left home to strike
out on your own, and you end up doing part-time work? If word gets out, what would people think of the Langston family? To think you'd stoop to being a greeter, Lemira. Aren't you ashamed?" 
Jessica couldn't stand it anymore and retorted, "Lemira isn't just anyone She pulled off a twelve-hit combe in the comeback match and won. There's no way she's here for some minor part-time job!" 
Her words drew attention.
"That's Lemira? I heard about her twelve-hit combo. That's a move right out of King's playbook. I can't believe she's so young." Reporters swarmed Lemira. "Ms. Langston, how did you master the twelve-hit combo? What's your relationship with King?"
Lemira answered calmly, "I'm a fan of King. The twelve-hit combo was just a fluke."
Seeing Lemira surrounded by reporters filled Evelina with jealousy.
A fluke that resulted in a twelve-hit combo. How special could it be?
"Ms. Langston, you've shown such talent. What do you think of the SkyBlaze? Do you think you can win the championship?"
###Chapter 116
Lemira never expected the journalist to hit her with that kind of question.
Were they actually treating her as a part of SkyBlaze?
Her gaze was icy as she replied, "I wouldn't know about that. I'm not with SkyBlaze anymore."
The moment she said that, all the journalists were taken aback.
Ms. Langston, not with SkyBlaze?
That seemed far-fetched. Could the rumors about Ms. Langston clashing with the Langston family be true?
A journalist directly asked Alaric, "Mr. Alaric, do you have anything to say about this? Why isn't Ms. Langston part of the team?"
"Is it true that there's been a falling out between you and Ms. Langston?"
Faced with the journalists' questions, Alaric opened his mouth but found he couldn't utter a single word.
Evelina, clinging to Alaric's arm, said with a smile, "Well, if that's the case, Lemira's just been a bit stubborn lately. After all, we're family. She's grown so strong thanks to the upbringing she received from her family. I trust that Lemmy wouldn't be ungrateful." Jessica couldn't stand it, "Evelina, do you even listen to yourself ramble?"
The truth was far from what Evelina was spinning.
Evelina was deliberately misleading the journalists.
Lemira gently held Jessica's hand, replying calmly, "But, it was Alaric who kicked me off the team himself, after he found a top-notch gunner to take my place."
The journalist caught on, "If I'm not mistaken, that must be SweetLemon, the streamer, right? Another sharp gunner, way impressive!"
"There's talk that SweetLemon herself will make an appearance, but no one knows what she looks like."
As the journalist spoke, their gaze shifted to Lemira.
Rumor had it, Lemira was SweetLemon herself.
Evelina, not wanting to stay outside any longer, handed over an invite and said to Lemira, "Sorry, but the person with the invitation can only bring one guest to the event."
Alaric, looking at Lemira, said
Wanhat stiffly, "I didn't know you
to come. Next time, tell me
earlier." 
He could have gotten her an invite but had no idea Lemira would be interested.
Lemira remained calm, "No need."
"Alaric, how could you be so careless? Are we really short two invites?"
Lucian appeared, suave as ever.
The immediately turned
to him
. Lucian, are you here fet
Sweet Lemon, the streamer?"
swnovel
"There's talk of a special connection between you two. Can you shed some light on that?"
Lucian smiled, "My relationship with the streamer is indeed special. I came here today for her."
The journalists were all ears, sensing a juicy story.
Lucian looked at Lemira, "Lemmy, let me take you inside."
He reached out his hand to her.
Lemira glanced at it, "No need. I can get in on my own."
Evelina couldn't help but ask, "Lemira, do you have an invite?"
"Of course."
Calmly, Lemira pulled out an invite from her bag and placed it on the table.
Jessica looked triumphantly at Our Evelina, See? This is an invite! Lemira is legitimately invited! Unlike some leeches!" 
Evelina was irked, "Lemira, I thought you said you wouldn't rely on the Langston family?"
If not for the Langston family, how could Lemira possibly have gotten an invite!
Alaric, staring at the invite, said in disbelief, "Lemira, how did you get this?"
"Because she is SweetLemon!"
###Chapter 117
Jessica blew Lemira's cover wide open, and it hit the crowd like a bombshell!
When Alaric heard those words, his mind buzzed, and he felt like he could barely stand.
Shocked and enraged, he stared at Lemira.
She was actually SweetLemon, the famous streamer!
So, all this time, Lemira had been in on the joke, even when he bragged about discovering a top-tier gamer. Lemira must have known he was talking about her. But she chose to keep silent!
A flush of red crept into Alaric's eyes as he looked at Lemira, disheveled, "Why? Why would you lie to me?"
Why keep this from him?
Why not just tell him she was the streamer!
Alaric was filled with grief and incomprehension. Didn't Lemira always favor him above all?
Compared to Alaric's emotional turmoil, Lemira remained calm, "I never lied to you."
"Then why didn't you tell me you were the streamer!"
"There was no need."
Lemira's gaze was clear and cold, chilling Alaric to the bone.
He couldn't believe what Lemira had just said.
Even though they'd had their differences, he always believed they were family, and things would eventually smooth over, as they always had. Why was this time any different?
Knowing how important the team's competition was to him, why would she do this?
At that moment, Lucian grabbed Alaric, "Calm down, man."
"How can I be calm? Tell me, how!"
Alaric turned to Lucian, his eyes barely holding back tears, "Lucian..."
It hurt so much!
Seeing his brother's desolate expression, Lucian found himself at a loss for words. He had warned Alaric that Lemira had changed.
But Alaric never took it to heart.
Well, feeling the pain now, isn't he?
Reporters swarmed Lemira, "Ms. Langston, why have you been hiding your identity as a streamer? Is there a story behind it?"
"Ms. Langston, rumors say you're at odds with your family. Is that true?"
This was a major scoop, sure to be a headline grabber.
SweetLemon, the streamer, was none other than Ms. Langston, the girl who pulled off a twelve-hit combo.
Such a talented girl, choosing to leave her own team to sign with PixelStage.
There had to be a story there!
Lemira, faced with the
gossip-hungry reporters, kept her et
distance, "There's been some disagreement, so I've decided to become independent." 
She felt there was no need to keep hiding these matters.
Better to clear the air than have the Langstons keep bothering her.
Hearing this, Lucian's expression turned bittersweet, his guess confirmed.
Lemira is completely disappointed in them; she's not even planning to get close to her brothers anymore.
Alaric, in his frustration, confronted her,
Sira, are those minor belongs to orient
squabbles worth betraying Was it
Were family disagreements really worth escalating to this?
He had always thought Lemira was just throwing a tantrum.
Only now did he realize Lemira was serious.
Alaric was truly panicked.
Lemira's gaze was serene, almost indifferent, "Then just consider this another 'minor squabble', Alaric You're generous enough to overlook it, right?" 
Pain is only felt when the knife cuts into one's own flesh.
Alaric was speechless, his reply choked in his throat. That wasn't what he meant.
But for the moment, he didn't know how to explain.
Surrounded by reporters, he couldn't even get close to Lemira.
"Ms. Langston, which team are you planning to join for the finals?"
"Ms. Langiston, knowing there's a rivalry between VibeCast and PixelStage, you still chose to sign with PixelStage?"
Lemira just smiled, "I haven't decided on any of that yet. I'll let you know when I do."
"Ms. Langston, can you tell us more? Why did things go south with your family?"
###Chapter 118
Lemira didn't answer the question, instead, she turned around and walked toward the grand hall, her steps unwavering and determined. Throughout the whole ordeal, she never once glanced back at Alaric or Lucian, as if they were strangers. Left standing there, Alaric was soon swarmed by reporters. His patience wearing thin, he burst out, "Enough with the damn questions, what's it to you guys?"
Evelina, watching from the sidelines, couldn't hide her jealousy. She had never guessed Lemira was that streamer!
Especially considering Lemira had gained hundreds of thousands of followers in such a short time, far surpassing her own count. Evelina couldn't help feeling a pang of jealousy. Why should Lemira succeed just by playing the mysterious card, when she herself had worked so hard?
Lucian, however, remained cool as a cucumber. He pulled Alaric aside, his voice laced with a warning, "Enough, do you want to make this even more of a spectacle?"
Alaric turned away, wiping the corner of his eye, saying nothing in return.
Facing the press, Lucian declared, "We'll handle it. Please refrain from speculative reporting. We will issue an official statement soon."
After making his statement, Lucian briskly escorted Alaric into the venue, making it clear that any further inquiries should be kept away from the press.
Evelina lagged a step behind, turning back to the reporters with a look of distress, "I'm sorry for Alaric's behavior just now. Lemira's words were quite hurtful, and I understand she's upset, but isn't family supposed to settle their disputes behind closed doors? I just don't get it." With a smug smile creeping onto her face once she turned away, Evelina thought, Lemira planning to return to the Langston fold? Not happening!
---
Lemira immediately drew many curious glances upon her arrival. After all, nobody expected that SweetLemon, the overnight sensation and gaming streamer, was none other than Ms. Langston herself. Moreover, she was broadcasting for a company that was a direct competitor to the Langston family's interests. The curiosity among the attendees was palpable.
Inside the banquet hall.
Jessica couldn't hide her glee,
"That's so satisfying! They've always been so biased, never saw this coming, I guess! The look on Alaric's
face was priceless!" 
Jessica had waited a long time for this day.
Lemira just gave a wry smile, but indeed, she felt pretty good. For once, she was attending this banquet on her own terms, not owing anything to anyone.
"Ms. Langston, pleasure to meet you. I'm Michel, the coach for the Reapers team. I'm wondering if you might consider joining our team?"
Lemira looked up to see a young
man in a suit. She recognized him -
after all, in her past life, this coach had led the Reapers to join the national team, ultimately clinching the global championship. He was also the coach of the legendary King. 
Lemira was taken aback by the direct offer. She had heard the Reapers' captain publicly inviting her to join, but she never took such statements seriously. 
Taking his business card, Lemira replied with slight surprise, "Mr. Michel, I haven't made up my mind yet."
"No worries. Perhaps we could discuss it further after the banquet. However, I am curious, how did you master the twelve-strike combo?"
Lemira knew this question was coming. She chuckled, "What if I said I'm self-taught, would you believe me?"
"Of course, I'd believe you. With your talent, I have to try and get you on my team."
Self-teaching the twelve-strike combo was no small feat. For years, aside from King, no one else had mastered it.
Michel sighed, "With such talent, I can't understand how your brother didn't manage to keep you."
"Michel, that's our family business, and it's not your place to interfere!" Alaric and Lucian approached, both looking rather displeased.
###Chapter 119
Lemira caught sight of Lucian and Alaric making their entrance, but her reaction was nothing out of the ordinary.
She calmly addressed Michel, "Let's schedule another time then."
Michel nodded and turned to face Alaric, "Come on, if I had a sister with talent like hers, I'd be treating her like gold, waiting on her hand and foot. And here you are, fussing over a newbie 'sister' while neglecting the real deal with actual talent. It's like missing the forest for the trees."
Alaric's face turned a shade of steel blue, "Shut up! You know nothing!"
He wasn't sidelining Lemira!
He wanted nothing more than for Lemira to stay with SkyBlaze and compete in the finals!
It's just a small tiff between him and his sister.
After Michel left, other eager coaches approached Lemira, handing out their business cards.
Alaric was left on the sidelines, silently watching Lemira being treated like a star.
He thought to himself: If Lemira ignores these people and doesn't join the Reapers.
He would swallow his pride and not hold it against her for playing him.
Eventually, Lemira collected a stack of business cards, more than she had anticipated.
"Lemmy, congrats," Lucian finally approached her after the crowd had dispersed, eyeing Lemira cautiously.
He noticed that Lemira had changed a lot.
Lemira glanced at Lucian, "Thanks."
Alaric couldn't help but step forward, "Lemira, you still haven't answered my question. Why keep it a secret from me? Was it fun?"
Lemira slightly lifted her eyelid, noticing the unease in Alaric's eyes.
Interesting, was Alaric feeling guilty?
Lemira's tone was cold, "I'm planning to tell you after the last exam, but do you remember what you said in my room that day? Do you need me to repeat it?"
Her voice was calm but it struck Alaric like a sharp knife, deeply wounding him.
Alaric remembered his harsh words that day and was immediately filled with regret.
The harder his words were then, the more embarrassing they felt now.
His eyes reddened, "Then why didn't you tell me at the time?"
"I had no obligation to."
"What do you mean, no obligation?"
Alaric stepped in front of Lemira, "I'm your brother. I thought the conflicts between us are just minor arguments, nothing more. I
misspoke that day, you could have just corrected me. Why didn't you?" 
If Lemira had spoken up that day, none of this would have happened.
Maybe Lemira wouldn't have gone to PixelStage.
Without a word, Lemira stepped back, putting distance between them.
This cold and aloof gesture saddened Alaric.
Jessica, with a touch of sarcasm, chimed in, "Lemira has been wronged by Evelina for years. Now you're tasting the same bitterness. Just the beginning and you can't handle it? Imagine what Lemira has been through!" 
Alaric defensively replied, "That's why I'm asking her, why didn't she speak up? If she had, none of this would have happened, right?" Raising her voice, Jessica said, "So, you're saying this is all Lemira's fault?"
"Isn't it?" Alaric replied reflexively,
then glanced guiltily at Lemira, "We're family. Couldn't we have resolved it by talking? By hiding your identity and making a splash a PixelStage, weren't you just showing off to me?" 
Lemira lifted her eyelid, "If that's what you think, I can't help it."
She didn't go to PixelStage to show off!
###Chapter 120
She just doesn't want to stay at VibeCast and keep being under the Langstons' control.
"Alright, alright, let's cool it down a bit," Lucian immediately tried to smooth things over as he turned to Alaric. "But man, what you did and said before really cut deep. You owe Lemmy an apology."
Alaric awkwardly started, "I can apologize, but she can't join Reapers or sign with PixelStage!"
He knew Lemira was doing this just to get under his skin.
He was willing to apologize, but Lemira couldn't keep this up.
Lucian breathed a sigh of relief and approached Lemira, "Lemmy, I also think signing with another group isn't the right move. It's a messy industry, and I worry about you. Signing with Alaric's company is your best bet. Don't you think?" Lemira's gaze was clear and firm, "Who I sign with is my choice."
"But I'm worried, Lemmy. Alaric truly realizes his mistake, and he'll make sure the same thing doesn't happen again. Let's not hold a grudge anymore, okay?"
"I've never been holding a grudge."
They were the ones who kept bothering her.
She turned and walked away, not wanting to waste any more words on them.
Alaric watched Lemira's retreating back, feeling a mix of frustration and reluctance, "Lucian, did you see her attitude? I'm even willing to apologize, what more does she want?"
"Alaric, you brought it upon yourself. You have to figure out how to apologize and get her forgiveness."
Alaric fell silent, unsure of what more he could do. It was Lemira who had played him first!
He wasn't holding onto those actions, so why couldn't Lemira forgive him?
When Alaric looked up, he saw Lemira mingling in the crowd, receiving warm greetings and even taking selfies with some.
Lemira, handling herself with such composure among the crowd, felt almost like a stranger.
Lemira had changed a lot during this time.
Evelina watched Lemira being the center of attention, jealousy souring her insides.
She had dressed up for today's event to make a grand entrance.
Yet, all the attention had been stolen by Lemira.
Evelina glanced at the wine glass in her hand and immediately concocted a plan, making her way towards Lemira.
Evelina approached with a smile, "Lemmy, there you are."
Lemira turned, noticing Evelina with the wine.
Her brow twitched, sensing Evelina's malice from the fake angel's
that dook, Lemira ended up im trouble. 
expression. Every time
It's a lesson learned from her past life!
wore
Appearing high-profile today must have stepped on Evelina's toes, prompting her to resort to her old tricks again.
Evelina, with her harmless facade,
stood beside Lemina
surrounding celebrities, "Hello everyone, I'm Evelina, Lemira's sister." FindNovel
the
Michel sneered, "So you're the girl who took Lemira's spot on the team but almost lost the comeback match, huh?" Evelina's smile faltered.
Her smile was more pained than joyful, "I can't compare to Lemmy when it comes to gaming. She didn't wanna join the team; that's why stepped in. But if she wants to come back I'd step aside anytime. 
swnov
Lemira's lips twisted in a cold smirk, "No need to step aside for anything."
Wanting to avoid Evelina, she turned to pick some fruits from the table.
"Lemmy, wait a sec."
Evelina suddenly rushed after Lemira, accidentally stepping on her dress and spilling the wine in her hand all over Lemira.
###Chapter 121
Lemira didn't even need to turn around to know what Evelina was up to.
Over the years, she had fallen victim to Evelina's schemes more times than she cared to count.
She could practically see Evelina's tricks coming with her eyes closed.
Without looking back, Lemira grabbed the hem of her dress.
As she sidestepped, she gave her dress a sharp tug.
Evelina, stepping on the dress, lost her balance completely. She tipped over, taking the glass of red wine with her, right into the center of a meticulously arranged champagne tower. Evelina crashed right into it, sending the whole structure tumbling down on her.
The incident happened so fast, it caught everyone off guard.
Lemira stood coolly on the spot, watching Evelina's disastrous tumble with a trace of mockery flashing in her eyes.
After all these years, Evelina's tactics hadn't changed. Too bad she wasn't going to let Evelina have her way this time.
As the champagne tower collapsed, nearly everyone in the hall turned their attention to the spectacle.
"Eve, are you alright?" Alaric and Lucian rushed over immediately.
Alaric stepped over the shattered glass to help Evelina up. "How could you be so careless?"
Soaked and in pain, with fresh blood dripping from her arms and legs, Evelina was fuming inside. It was Lemira who was supposed to be in this mess, not her!
She looked up at Lemira, her eyes red, biting her lip. "Alaric, it's my own fault. I wasn't pushed."
Hearing Evelina's thinly veiled accusation, Lemira's lips curved into a smirk. She had anticipated this move.
Lucian, catching Evelina's glance towards Lemira, wondered if Lemira was the instigator.
"Eve, since it's your own doing, be
more careful next time. Let Alarice
take you to the hospital," Lucian said not following the script Evelina had expected. 
Evelina was stunned. She had looked at Lemira deliberately, hoping to hint at her involvement without directly accusing her.
Alaric pressed, his tone icy, "Eve, tell me the truth. Did Lemira cause your fall?"
Evelina shrank back, whispering, "Alaric, please, it's not Lemmy's fault. I was just clumsy."
Her response was loaded, suggesting more than she said.
Alaric scoffed, turning to Lemira. "Why would you do this to Eve? Just because I chose to bring her to the gala instead of you?"
He couldn't think of any other reason for Lemira's actions.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "Alaric, I had my own invitation. I didn't need to be brought by anyone."
Her confidence was palpable.
Alaric, feeling uneasy, countered,
"Don't I know you? You've alwave et
been jealous of Eve stealing the spotlight, so you decided to hurt her 
Lemira laughed off his accusation. "What spotlight does she have that I would want to steal?" Alaric was at a loss for words.
Jessica sneered, "We all know
Lemira is the star tonight, invited as a popular online streamer. What spotlight does Evelina have without even an invitation? I don't get it!" 
en FindNovel
Michel added, "Do the Langstons live in a world of their own? Isn't Lemira the celebrity tonight? Who's overshadowing whom, exactly?"
Each word was a sting to Alaric, leaving him with a face changing colors faster than a chameleon.
Evelina, holding back tears, looked at Alaric. "Please, stop. It's my mistake, Lemmy had nothing to do with it."
Touching her bracelet, she sighed, "Such a shame. This bracelet is broken now. It's pretty expensive, right?" Alaric glanced at the broken bracelet, then coldly turned to Lemira. "Are you happy now?"
###Chapter 122
Lemira spoke up with a nonchalant tone, "The jewelry Evelina's wearing were gifts from me, weren't they? So what if they're broken? Alaric, why be such a penny-pincher?" "Lemira, since you're so stubborn, let's check the security footage! I want to see how you'll squirm your way out of it!"
Evelina felt a wave of anxiety: "Alaric, let it go, there's no need to make a scene."
Lucian frowned and said, "Alaric, Eve said she fell on her own. You better take her to the hospital."
"No! I must get to the bottom of this today!"
Alaric was fuming inside, especially seeing Lemira's carefree demeanor; he was determined to make her admit her fault.
Lucian glanced at Lemira unconsciously, "Lemmy, what exactly happened?"
Could it really have been Lemira's doing?
Lemira's eyes were cold, "Whatever, go ahead and check the cameras."
Soon, the hotel staff brought the surveillance footage on a USB drive.
Alaric grabbed it instantly, "Here's the truth."
He was convinced of Lemira's involvement before even watching the footage.
In the video, Evelina stepped on Lemira's dress, but Lemira suddenly dodged to the side.
Evelina, stepping on Lemira's dress, lost her balance and fell!
After watching, Lemira remained unfazed, "So what?"
Lucian, after viewing the footage, looked at Alaric with cold eyes, "Did you see clearly? It has nothing to do with Lemmy! Evelina fell on her own!" Alaric also saw the process in the video, it indeed seemed like an accident.
Alaric felt a burning shame, stubbornly saying, "Lemira must have heard Eve's voice; she shouldn't have dodged. That way Eve wouldn't have fallen!" The room was shocked at his bizarre statement. How can someone be so ludicrous?
Lucian shouted, "Alaric, have you lost your mind?"
Lemira splashed her drink in Alaric's face.
Alaric was instantly enraged, "Lemira, what the hell?"
In the next moment, Lemira threw the cup as well.
This time, Alaric dodged.
The cup hit Evelina instead.
Lemira smirked, "Alaric, why dodge? Didn't you know that dodging would get Evelina hit? How can you be so selfish?"
Alaric was hopping mad, "Lemira, you did that on purpose!"
Lemira raised an eyebrow, her voice dripping with scorn, "An eye for an eye."
Jessica blurted out, "That's rich coming from you, saying shouldn't dodge. But when you dodge pretty
Coach Michel added, "It's clear Evelina deliberately stepped on
Lemira's dress, trying to make net
ber
look bad, but ended up hurting herself instead. It's karmal 
Jessica nodded, "The one who should be apologizing is Evelina!"
Lucian turned to Evelina, "Why would you step on Lemon's dress out of the blue?"
This situation was indeed suspicious.
Evelina, cornered, bit her lip trying to look
catch, "I was just rushing to
O to Lemmy, it's an
that stepped on her dress,
mean it." 
Alaric spoke up, "I knew Eve didn't do it on purpose, yet Lemira intentionally allowed Eve to get hurt."
Lemira's eyes were filled with mockery, "I'm used to being blamed like this, always the same old story." Hearing this, Lucian felt even guiltier.
Lucian slapped Alaric across the face, his gaze icy, "Alaric, I'm ordering you to apologize to Lemmy right now!" Alaric, struck by the slap, was confused, "Lucian, it was clearly Lemira's fault!"
Why was he the one getting hit?
###Chapter 123
"I really don't want to repeat myself!" Lucian, usually the epitome of calm, now had an air about him that was, frankly, a bit intimidating. He glared at Alaric, his frustration evident. "Have you forgotten why you're here today?"
It was then that Alaric cooled down, remembering his original intention for attending the party was to mend fences with Lemira.
But how had things escalated to this point?
Sensing the tension, Evelina cautiously said to Alaric, "Let's go, Alaric. My foot's starting to hurt."
Reluctantly, Alaric left with Evelina, without offering an apology.
Lemira watched the spectacle unfold before her, finding the whole situation absurd.
Apart from that, she felt nothing.
Evelina's antics and Alaric's reactions were all too familiar, and they only served to deepen her disdain.
Lucian, swallowing his own discomfort, carefully said to Lemira, "I apologize on Alaric's behalf. I never expected him to act this way."
When Alaric boldly demanded an apology from Lemira, Lucian felt even more remorseful.
Lemira's voice was cold. "I don't accept his apology."
"Lemmy, I understand why you're upset, and so am I. But you really shouldn't sign with PixelStage. The industry is complex, and Lucian doesn't want you to end up at a disadvantage."
Lucian looked at her hopefully. "You've always been sensible and obedient. I've neglected you in the past, but that changes now. If you sign with VibeCast, we can offer you all the resources you need." "I've already agreed to sign with PixelStage," Lemira responded, her tone nonchalant.
Lucian was taken aback, unable to believe Lemira had moved so quickly.
"You decided on such a big step all by yourself? Didn't you think to discuss it with the family?"
"My decisions are my own," Lemira said before turning away, unwilling to engage further with Lucian.
Watching her walk away, Lucian felt
a mix of heartache and
helplessness. Lemira had changed; she no longer relied on him or orbited his world. 
The party incident soon faded into the background.
As a gamer known for her twelve-strike combo, Lemira was popular at the party.
Eventually PixelStage's manager approher with a contract in hand. Ms. Langston, there's no time like the present. How about we sign the contract today?" 
Lemira nodded. "Sure."
Lucian watched silently, finishing his glass of red wine as he struggled with his emotions.
Standing on stage, Lemira exuded confidence and excellence.
It's then Lucian realized his sister had grown up. She was no longer the little girl who depended on her family.
After the party, Lemira had made several new acquaintances.
with ~
She and Jessica left together, with Jessica bubbling with excitement "Today was just perfect. Evelina got what she deserved. I could wake up laughing from that alone." 
Lemira smiled. "After all this time, Evelina hasn't changed her tactics."
But Lemira wasn't about to sit back and let herself be the victim.
"Ms. Langston, let me give you a ride home," offered Michel, eager to help.
Just as Lemira was about to decline, Lucian stepped in. "No need to trouble anyone else. I'll take my sister home."
Michel raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure she wants to go with you?"
"She's still my sister, Michel. Best not to get any ideas."
Lucian wasn't keen on Lemira getting involved with Reapers.
Lemira stepped back, increasing the distance between her and Lucian. "I can manage on my own. I don't need a ride from either of you." "Lemmy, there's something I need to talk to you about."
###Chapter 124
Lemira's expression was the picture of calm, "I don't think there's much to talk about."
"Lemmy, I know you're upset. Alaric really crossed the line today. I'll make it right for you. Are you really going to let it drive a wedge between you and the whole family?" Lemira couldn't help but laugh.
Didn't the whole family always take Evelina's side?
She replied coolly, "Doesn't make a difference to me."
As Lemira walked to the curb to hail a cab, she saw a familiar car pull up in front of her.
She knew who it was.
The window rolled down, and Orion's gaze met hers, "Get in."
Lemira opened the passenger door and got in. Just as she closed the door, Lucian approached, "Lemmy, I know you've had a rough day. How about we catch up some other time?" Lemira pressed her lips together, "We'll see."
Orion hit the gas and they drove away, leaving Lucian awkwardly standing there. He turned to the Reapers' coach, "Michel, Lemmy's not going to sign with your team. You might as well give up." "All this confidence from the Langston family, why so scared of a competition? Never seen such blatant favoritism."
Michel, however, was looking in the direction Lemira had left.
If he wasn't mistaken, was that kid driving the car?
No wonder Lemira was so untouchable!
But why would he show up here, personally picking up a girl? All signs pointed to something more.
---
Inside the car, Lemira sneaked a glance at the man next to her, "How come you're here?"
"Just passing by."
Orion's long fingers rested on the steering wheel, his expression slightly awkward, "Did you have fun at the party?" "Pretty fun."
Lemira thought of Alaric's downfall and her mood significantly improved.
Orion glanced at her, aware of what had unfolded at the party, hence his decision to pick her up.
He had thought she would be affected, but she was stronger than he had imagined.
Lemira's phone pinged with a message from Asher.
She didn't even check it, assuming it was just more moral lecturing.
They never got tired of it, but she was fed up.
Lemira put down her phone, "Let's go for a barbecue."
"Sure, where do you wanna go?"
"There's one behind our school that's really good. I used to sneak out to eat there, always felt like twas doing something forbidden, worrying the smell would stick to my clothes." 
en FindNovel
Orion followed her lead, "Why sneak out?"
"Because Lucian wouldn't let me eat junk food, said it's bad for my health."
Lemira trailed off.
Orion noticed, "Decided to leave the Langston family, no regrets?" "No regrets."
Lemira looked down, "They're usually pretty decent to me. But when it comes to something important, like choosing a schoof or anything involving Evelina, they always expect me to compromise and give in." 
She didn't care for such small kindnesses.
Nor did she want to be guilt-tripped by them.
Orion's lips curved slightly, it seemed his worries were for naught.
They stopped outside the school's back entrance.
Orion frowned at the hygiene around but settled down nonetheless.
Lemira ordered a bunch of her
favorites, "It's been so long since t tos. Let's get a couple of beers
had
The owner glanced at Orion and then at Lemira, "What does your boyfriend want?"
Lemira paused, boyfriend?
###Chapter 125
Lemira glanced at Orion sitting beside her, feeling the temperature on her face skyrocket in seconds. She stuttered, "You got it wrong. He's not my boyfriend."
The owner chuckled, "I know, you young folks always say that. But he's quite a looker, isn't he?"
Blushing, Lemira returned to her seat, then Orion looked up, "What did the boss say?"
"Nothing, is there anything you'd like to eat?"
"I'm not hungry."
Orion wasn't much for the local fare. He noticed the owner had brought over a bowl of peanuts and a couple of cans of beer.
He frowned at Lemira, "Kids shouldn't drink beer."
"I'm of age, why can't I?"
Lemira felt she had every reason to celebrate today, having finally signed a contract with PixelStage, marking her financial independence. Orion moved the beer in front of her to his side, "No."
Lemira felt somewhat deflated.
Then, Orion's phone rang, and he stood up, "I'll take this call."
Watching his retreating figure, Lemira sneakily grabbed the beer.
If he said she couldn't drink, she was all the more determined to do so.
Orion walked to the roadside, answering the call, "Hello, Mom."
"Orion, haven't you wrapped up things in Lyria yet?"
"Almost there."
"That's good. It's about time we discuss your engagement with Ms. Sinclair, what do you think?"
Orion's gaze hardened as he looked at the long shadows on the street, his tone chilly, "Let's talk when I get back. Focus on getting better for now."
"Ms. Sinclair is a fine young woman, and she's been quite considerate, keeping me company while you're away. Since you don't have someone you like, why not marry someone who matches our family's status? What do you think?"
Orion's expression turned colder,
lips
t but his voice remained
calm, "You should rest and recover."
After soothing his mother for a while, he hung up.
swno.ne
He glanced at his phone and sent a message: [Check on the recent activities of the Sinclair family.]
Orion stood still, a solitary figure in the dim light.
When he turned back to Lemira, he found her drinking beer.
His brow furrowed as he walked over, "Who said you could drink?"
The beer was taken from Lemira's hand, and she tilted her head to look at him, "I did. Is that a problem?"
Noticing several empty cans on the table, it was clear she had had quite a bit.
He sighed quietly, "check, please!"
"The lady seemed to enjoy her
drinks. She wanted more, but I didn't serve her," the owner commented, noticing Orion's good looks and attire, indicating he wasn't just anyone. en FindNovel
Orion pulled out his phone to pay, "She's not my girlfriend."
"Man, take it from someone who's seen a lot that girl has a soft spot for you. If you're not into her, better keep your distance," the owner advised, sensing the unspoken tension. 
Orion's face was stern, "No need to meddle."
After settling the bill, he returned to find Lemira slumped over the table, mumbling incoherently.
Without a word, Orion helped her up, "Lemira, wake up!"
"What for?"
"Time to go home."
Lemira shook her head, "I don't have a home anymore."
Noticing the tear streaks, Orion held her close, his voice steady, "Stop talking nonsense."
"I'm not, I'm perfectly sober."
Lemira looked up at him, his profile strikingly handsome.
Unable to resist, she reached out to touch his face, "has anyone ever told you you're really handsome?"
###Chapter 126
Orion swallowed hard, his silence louder than words, as he made his way to the parked car.
After he gently ushered Lemira into the passenger seat, he took his place behind the wheel. Once settled, he glanced at her uneasily. "Seatbelt."
Right, Lemira blinked, "Seatbelt, the lifeline!"
Reaching for the seatbelt, she fumbled, unable to pull it out. How odd.
Orion couldn't stand it anymore and leaned over to buckle it for her.
In that moment, they were inches apart.
He could smell the scent of beer on her breath.
She could count the lashes framing his eyes.
Lemira held her breath, her mind racing, and impulsively hugged his arm.
Orion froze, turning to lock eyes with her, his gaze dropping to her bright, clear eyes.
"What are you..." he started, his voice trailing off.
Lemira leaned in and kissed him, her heart racing as she pulled away.
He remained still, the streetlight outside casting shadows that obscured his expression.
Stuttering, Lemira finally spoke, "If you're single, what do you think about me?"
Orion's pupils contracted sharply.
It was as if a bolt of electricity shot through him, making him recoil.
His hand found the steering wheel. "You're drunk," he stated, before starting the car and driving towards the apartment complex. Silence filled the car for the remainder of the journey.
It took a while for Orion to calm his racing heart, stopping at a traffic light.
He finally spoke, "You're young. You don't understand feelings yet."
No response came from the passenger seat.
Turning, Orion found Lemira asleep.
Chuckling ruefully at the sight, he mused on the bizarre moment they just shared. Now, she slept, oblivious.
Hoping she'd forget upon waking, Orion drove back to the apartment.
He nudged her forehead gently. "Wake up."
Lemira swatted his hand away, turning to continue her slumber.
Left with no choice, Orion carried her back to the apartment.
Watching her sleep, he removed high
bheels and covered her with a < emotions. Con
his gaze lingering
As he turned to leave, her voice halted him, "Mom, I'm thirsty."
His step faltered, heart tightening at her childlike call for her mother.
Fetching a glass of water, he helped her drink.
After, she clung to him. "Mom, I miss you so much. You've always been the kindest to me."
Orion's grip on the cup tightened, feeling as if he was sinking deeper into the ocean, with no hope of resurfacing.
The night deepened, the room bathed in the soft glow of streetlights.
Orion watched over her, sensing a shift in their relationship.
bet
The next morning, Lemira awoke with a splitting headache, trying piece together the events of the previous night. 
Realizing she was still dressed, she hurried for a shower, hoping to clear her mind.
es of the night remained
she ventured next door et
familiar code. Content belonet
Orion's apartment
the
She caught him fresh from a shower, his bathrobe loosely tied, revealing glimpses of his abs.
Lemira's gaze wavered, heat flooding her cheeks at the sight.
###Chapter 127
When Orion laid eyes on Lemira that morning, there was a hint of awkwardness in his demeanor.
He straightened out his robe, trying to sound indifferent, "You're up?"
"Yeah, just feeling a bit woozy."
Orion hesitated before asking, "Remember anything you did last night?"
Lemira racked her brain but ultimately shook her head, "No clue. Did I embarrass myself or something?"
No way!
Orion took a deep look at Lemira, knowing well she couldn't hide what was on her mind.
It was clear she genuinely had no memory of last night's events.
He had been up all night worrying about it.
Now, he realized he might have overthought the situation.
Orion let out a sigh of relief, "Getting drunk late at night can be dangerous. Try to avoid drinking from now on."
Lemira mumbled, embarrassed, "I didn't mean to drink that much. I just wanted a couple of sips."
Orion's gaze narrowed slightly, "Alcohol can dumb you down, not that you need any help with that."
Lemira felt a sting from his words.
Yet, she noticed him coming over with a glass of honey water, his voice cold, "Drink this."
"Thanks."
Lemira took a few sips, sneaking glances at Orion, "I've noticed you're actually quite considerate. Any girl would be lucky to have you as a boyfriend." Hearing this, Orion's expression grew more intense, "I'm not planning on that any time soon."
"Not interested in dating? Why, too busy with work?"
Lemira was curious, especially after seeing him once at a diner with a girl.
Orion, sensing her curiosity, feigned a stern face, "My standards are high, haven't found the right one yet."
Lemira peeked at him, "What are your standards then?"
"Why so nosy, kid? You'll understand when you're in college. Everyone's different."
"Oh, okay then."
Lemira's hopes, momentarily lifted, plummeted again.
After all, Orion was handsome and successful; surely many girls liked him.
With nothing to her name, she felt she couldn't meet any of his standards.
Orion glanced at her downcast look, "I've got to step out."
"Alright then."
As she watched him leave, Lemira curled up on the couch, feeling utterly dejected.
She had always known, deep down, that there was no chance with Orion.
Not just because of the age gap, but also their lack of communication Having never been in a relationship,
Lemia didn't even know where to start. 
Feeling restless later in the afternoon, Lemira logged into her gaming account and noticed a
significant increase in her feet
The community headline read: "Famous Streamer SweetLemon Revealed to be Ms. Langston!"
She knew her identity would come out after participating in the event.
She wasn't interested in hiding anything.
Being exposed might even clear up any rumors about her having a sugar daddy.
Lemira invited her friend Jessica to team up for a game.
Jessica exclaimed, "Evelina was slandering you in her stream. Unbelievable!" Lemira checked out the video Jessica sent.
Evelina, looking frail and victimized with bandages and plasters, tearfully said to her audience, "Lemmy, even though you won't answer calls or texts, and refuse to contact your· family still want to tell you publicly that your brothers are worried about you. The incident at the party was just an accident. Please, don't be mad. Come back!" 
Many fans commented: [Sweetheart Evie, don't cry. It breaks my heart.]
###Chapter 128
[Sweetheart Evie, you're so sensible, unlike that witch. I'll take care of her for you.]
After reading the message, Lemira responded with a calm voice, "You know Evelina. She's always been fond of playing these games."
"It's so frustrating. I told all my close friends about what happened, and I can't believe Evelina has the nerve to twist the story. I've asked my brother to get the hotel's surveillance footage. We have to make Evelina eat her words!" Lemira glanced at her computer screen. "Once we get the footage, I'll post it."
She didn't want to involve Jessica.
If Evelina was planning to pull the same stunt again, she had no one but herself to blame for the consequences.
But Lemira had a feeling Evelina wouldn't be so foolish as to openly challenge her on the internet, knowing there was evidence against her.
Soon after, Jessica told her in panic, "It's bad news. My brother just texted me saying the surveillance has been deleted."
"It seems Evelina came prepared."
Lemira had a hunch something was off, and now it was confirmed.
"What do we do now? We all know what happened at the party, and now Evelina is slandering you online. Maybe you should let Lucian clear things up. His word would carry weight."
Lemira's face twisted into a mocking smile. "My Lucian won't do that."
After all, that would put Evelina at a disadvantage.
Her biased Lucian wouldn't take that step.
"So we just sit and let Evelina throw mud at you?"
Lemira's eyes flashed coldly. "No."
She logged off the game, pulled out a USB drive, and her fingers danced over the keyboard.
She hacked into the hotel's surveillance system to retrieve the deleted footage.
Hotels typically kept hidden backups of deleted surveillance, but uncovering them took some time.
While restoring the footage, she sent the video to Lucian: [Is Evelina out of her mind?]
Lucian called immediately: "I just found out about this. Eve meant no harm; she just wanted to reconcile with you."
"Reconcile? Misleading everyone?
Lucian, are you stupid? You always talk about family, but if this is how family stabs each other in the back, I want no part of it!" 
Lemira hung up the phone.
She thought she could leave the Langston family behind and live her own life.
But since they kept haunting her, she wouldn't hold back anymore.
Lucian sighed, holding his aching stomach as he went downstairs.
He had drunk quite a bit the previous night, and now his stomach was acting up.
"Get Eve to come see me," Lucian told Zack.
Soon, Evelina rushed down, "Lucian, what did you need?"
"The things you said in your livestream could mislead others. Don't say them anymore."
Evelina was reluctant. "Lucian, I was just anxious for Lemmy to come back. I meant no harm."
Lucian, impatient from his stomach pain, said, "Just do as I said."
Evelina nodded, "I understand, Lucian. I haven't finished my livestream; I'll go back to my room." Lucian, pale and clutching his stomach, nodded.
Evelina noticed Lucian's discomfort but
To didn't dwell on it, returning to her
continue her livestream.
Watching Evelina leave, Lucian felt a chill.
He remembered Lemira. Whenever
he had stomach pains, Lemira drop everything to take care
until he recovered. Content Belongs to FindNovel
Without Lemira's cooking, he found himself missing it terribly.
Since Lemira left, the house felt colder, food didn't taste the same, and his stomach pains worsened.
Lucian covered his face with his hand, overwhelmed with regret.
It wasn't Lemira who couldn't leave the Langston family.
It was the Langston family who couldn't live without Lemira!
###Chapter 129
Lemira quickly managed to recover the deleted surveillance footage from the hotel.
Glancing at the video in her hands, she knew that if this got out, Evelina's web of lies would crumble.
Ding-she received a message from Lucian: [I've already talked to Eve. She won't be spreading rumors anymore.]
Lemira found Lucian's reply laughable.
That's it?
Evelina's words had already caused her so much damage.
A simple "I've talked to Evelina" was supposed to smooth everything over? Ridiculous.
Disappointed, Lemira deleted Lucian's contact information. Perhaps she should have done it much sooner.
During her live stream that evening, Lemira noticed quite a few trolls attacking her.
[Why are you using your status as Ms. Lemira to bully Princess Evie, and even forcing her to publicly apologize on her stream?]
[Exactly, you also pushed Sweetheart Evie at the party, causing her serious injuries.]
Seeing the trolls' comments, Lemira wasn't the least bit angered.
She simply stated: [It's quite simple; Evelina is lying.]
[On what grounds do you claim Sweetheart Evie is lying? Do you have any proof?]
[Yeah, we all saw clearly that Princess Evie got hurt, but you seemed perfectly fine.]
Just then, a donation alert popped up in the stream.
Seeing the name SkyBlaze, Lemira felt a twinge of annoyance. Alaric, what's he up to now?
She remembered clearly how much he seemed to despise her at yesterday's party.
What was his angle?
Soon after, Lemira received a private message from Alaric.
[Just apologize to me, and I'll testify to clear up the whole mess.]
Lemira couldn't help but laugh. How amusing.
She? Apologize?
Without further ado, Lemira replied: [Scram!]
She didn't want to waste another word on him.
Alaric, seeing her response, smashed his keyboard in frustration: "Let's see how you're going to clear your name, Lemira. You're the one refusing to humble yourself, don't blame me." 
Lucian had asked him to clarify things during the stream, but with Lemira being so stubborn.
Why should he bother?
She wouldn't even call him bro!
In her stream, Lemira said, "I have the surveillance footage from yesterday's party. I'll upload it soon, and everyone can see for themselves what really happened." After uploading the video, the gaming match began.
Lemira was fully focused on the game, not giving the video another thought.
This time, her gaming was swift.
Each match ended within minutes.
Her fans watching the stream were thoroughly impressed.
[Does anyone else feel like Ms. Lemon's on fire today?]
[Must be because some people deliberately slandered her, making Ms. Lemon super pissed. I feel sorry for whoever's facing her in the games today. They're getting steamrolled.] 
[Ms. Lemon is like: the challenge annihilator.]
Her limit wasn't ten; it was only the top spot.
Meaning: She was number one because that's the only place for her.
After finishing her matches and securing her place in the top 10, Lemira finally took a break to drink some water and rest.
Jessica messaged her. [Evelina deleted all those posts from this morning and is now saying it was all a misunderstanding, that she didn't mean it!]
Then, Evelina's name popped up in the stream.
Her streaming name was "Princess Evie."
Evelina started by donating a gift,
then said in a sweet-and-sour tone: [Lemmy, this was all a
misunderstanding. I've already. explained it to my fans, told them to
stop causing trouble. It's all my
fault.] . FindNovel
Lemira glanced at her and coldly replied, "If you know it's your fault, then just leave. You're not welcome."
Evelina's eyes widened in shock. She hadn't expected Lemira to be so blunt.
If it weren't for trying to score points with Lucian, she wouldn't have bothered apologizing.
She truly hadn't expected Lemira to have surveillance footage, or else she wouldn't have been forced into apologizing.
Lemira continued, "Everyone knows we don't get along. I don't want to pretend we're all sisterly. It's just nauseating."
###Chapter 130
Alaric couldn't stand it anymore and spoke up: [Eve came to you to apologize, and this is how you react?]
"Is her apology supposed to be some kind of noble act? Do I have to forgive her?"
Lemira's tone was sharp as a knife.
The fans in the livestream chat were quick to agree: [That's right, that drama queen was stirring up trouble this afternoon, trying to smear Ms. Lemon, and then the truth came to light.] [Drama queen, just leave. You're not welcome here.]
[Jealous of Lemon's fans and talent, so she keeps causing drama. Despicable!]
Evelina was so overwhelmed by the backlash that she fled.
Seeing her follower count drop, she panicked. Who could have guessed Lemira had that video?
Tears streaming down her face, she ran to find Alaric: "Alaric, I really did my best."
Alaric's phone was still tuned into Lemira's livestream, and he had seen everything that just happened.
He looked upset: "I know, it's not your fault. Lucian, you saw it too. Lemira just doesn't care about us, no point in trying to win her over. She's got a big head now, even signing with PixelStage, totally ignoring us!" Lucian, clutching his aching stomach, said, "Lemira has the talent, she has the right to choose who she signs with."
"But she's also a Langston. It's like she's turning her back on her own family. I can't believe she's oblivious to the rivalry between me and PixelStage."
Alaric had been fuming on the inside. Yesterday was a total embarrassment.
Everyone knew he had pushed away his sister, who could deliver a knockout performance, in favor of a rival.
Everyone was laughing at him!
Evelina, trying to sound understanding, said, "Alaric, Lemira is just throwing a tantrum. She won't really join another team."
Lucian turned to her, "Eve, why did you say those things on the livestream, misleading everyone? Don't you realize the consequences?"
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears.
Alaric immediately defended her, "Lucian, Eve has apologized sincerely. What more do you want? You can't start mistreating Eve just because of Lemira." Lucian was so upset he had a headache, "Why can't you see the point?"
"I see clearly. Lemira is spoiled. I want to see how long she can keep this up. Eve, let's go."
Lucian was so frustrated he finally understood the injustice Lemira had faced before.
He donated a thousand dollars to Lemira's livestream with a message: [The misunderstanding at yesterday's party had nothing to do with her. As her brother, I wilDalways support her choices.] 
Lemira saw the screen filled with donation effects but felt nothing.
She lost the mood and ended the livestream early.
She didn't want to see Lucian show off in her chat.
Leaving the study, she noticed Orion was nowhere to be seen; he seemed to be very busy these days.
Something felt off, but she couldn't pinpoint what it was.
However, with exam results due soon, Lemira was a bit anxious.
She messaged Orion: [Have you been really busy lately? Can you come back when the exam results are out?]
Orion stared at her message for a long time without replying.
Thaddeus glanced at it and said,
"Lemon, right? Have you been
avoiding her these days? Whatel
happened, did she confess to you?" 
Orion's expression was unreadable as he looked away, gripping his phone tightly.
He swallowed hard, "She's too young to understand what liking someone means."
The gap between them wasn't just about age, but also an insurmountable barrier.
Lemira still hated the person responsible for her parents' death.
That drunken kiss had forced him into hiding until now.
"Man, I guessed it. But it's not
without a solution. Next time you
see her just tell her you have als
girlfriend, that should make her back 
Off
Orion's gaze was deep, "Maybe you're right. It's time for me to leave."
###Chapter 131
After sending her message, Lemira didn't receive a reply from him. She stared at their chat history, feeling that something had changed yet couldn't quite put her finger on it.
It seemed she had grown accustomed to having Orion by her side.
During the previous life when she felt utmost hopeless and in distress, it was Orion who had been there for her, shielding her from the storm outside with an umbrella. He had been both a mentor and a friend, and her feelings for him had gradually evolved.
In his absence these past few days, Lemira found herself restless and longing to see him. Recognizing the oddity in her emotions, she decided to go out and buy some things for a distraction. After she bought some snacks, a car honked twice. She turned to see Lucian. Her expression became slightly indifferent, "Are you keeping tabs on me?"
"Lemmy, this is Lyria, finding you was just a matter of time," Lucian's gaze was complex. It hadn't been easy to locate Lemira. That school doctor indeed had a mysterious background.
Lemira eyed him warily, "What do you want to express?"
"Lemmy, I mean no harm. The exam results are coming up, and I care about you. Choosing your college is crucial after all."
Lemira remembered how in her past life, Lucian had agreed to Alaric's suggestion, asking her to apply to the same mediocre college as Evelina. A tinge of scoff showed on her face, "There's no need. I can handle it myself."
"Lemmy, don't be stubborn at such a critical time. Don't gamble your future away, okay?" Lucian blocked her path as if to impart some wisdom, "I've even asked a teacher to help you and Eve with your applications." "Enough, don't you feel it annoying?"
Lemira could no longer hold back, "Lucian, do you ever listen to other people's words? Or is it hard to comprehend what I just said? I hate it when you guise your manipulation as concern!"
Lucian seemed hurt, his face turning pale, "I-I didn't mean it like that."
"That's great if you don't mean that Keep your distance!" Lemira turned
to leave, but suddenly heard a thump behind her. Lucian had collapsed. 
Lemira stood there, hesitant about if she should go over there. The driver, helping Lucian up, exclaimed to Lemira, "The boss has had stomach issues for a while and refuses to go to the hospital. I'm worried it might turn serious." 
Noticing the blood on Lucian's lips, she walked over impatiently and helped him into the car with the driver.
As she was about to leave, Lucian gripped her hand tightly, pleading weakly, "Lemmy, don't go. I'm wrong, really."
Feelings conflicted, Lemira replied, "Just go to the hospital."
"Lemmy, can you stay with me?" Lucian wouldn't let go of her hand, his eyes filled with a plea.
The driver urged, "Ms. Langston, please accompany him. His condition cannot be ignored anymore."
Eventually, Lemira was pushed in the car by the driver. She sat beside him silently, her face stern.
Lucian managed a smile, "Lemmy, it's been a while since we had a proper talk."
She responded coldly, "Isn't Evelina there for you? You don't need me at all."
It had always been this way.
Coughing up blood, Lucian insisted,
frame. You're different
t important to me." Connet
we are siblings; you're the
Unable to bear the sight, Lemira handed him a tissue.
###Chapter 132
Lucian's face lit up with a touch of satisfaction, "I just knew that deep down, you still care about me."
Lemira turned her head to look out the window, finding the whole situation bitterly ironic.
Once, she had desperately sought the attention and recognition of her brothers. She had given her all in her past life, only to receive nothing. This time around, she couldn't care less, and yet, Lucian was the one clinging to her. Upon arriving at the hospital, Lucian was rushed in for a checkup.
Lemira was about to leave when the doctor stopped her, "You're the patient's family, right? Please, talk to Mr. Langston. His stomach issues need ongoing medication to prevent turning into something as serious as stomach cancer." Lemira's expression was cold, "If he doesn't care about his own health, what can anyone else do?"
"Lemira, how can you say such cruel thing? Do you think Lucian got this way for any reason other than us?" Alaric and Evelina hurried over.
Lemira tossed the medical records into Alaric's arms, "Guilt-tripping me right off the bat? With all this filial piety, how come you had no clue Lucian's condition was worsening? How do you even call yourself his brother, living under the same roof yet oblivious to his deteriorating health?"
Alaric was left speechless, "I-I just didn't notice."
"What a great excuse. Instead of finding justifications, maybe you should spend that time convincing Lucian to follow his treatment."
After giving them a piece of her mind, Lemira directly left the hospital.
Alaric's chest ached in exasperation, "Lemira's getting too big for her boots."
Evelina was equally annoyed, "Alaric, Lemmy's now a star on PixelStage. With her amazing gaming skills, no wonder she's so confident."
"Hmph, confident or not, she's still one of us Langstons. Don't you worry, I've got a contract she signed. If she pushes me too far, I'll make sure she never makes it."
Evelina's eyes sparkled at this, "What contract?"
Could it be they had something on Lemira?
"Alaric, where's Lemmy?"
Lucian, who had finished with his checkup, didn't see Lemira anywhere, a hint of disappointment in his eyes.
"Lucian, that ingrate just left. Why do you even bother asking about her?"
Evelina approached him, "Lucian, you okay? I've been worried
Why didn't you tell us your net getting worse?" Contempo
was
"It's nothing serious."
Lucian couldn't hide his disappointment; he had hoped Lemira would stay, but she left all the same.
Seeing Lucian's dismay, Evelina felt
a sense of crisis. Despite all her efforts this period of time, Lucian still seemed to hold Lemira in high regard. 
Just then, Lucian's secretary rushed over, "Boss, our client wants to terminate the partnership, there's an issue with the
the software we design t
the software we designed. 
Evelina interjected, "Then get the tech team on it ASAP."
"That's the thing, it hasn't been resolved, which is why they want out."
Lucian managed a wry smile, "Lemmy is the one who was responsible for resolving that firewall issue." He found it difficult to broach the subject with Lemira, hence the delay.
Alaric scoffed, "I refuse to believe we can't solve it without Lemira. Lucian, don't worry, leave it to me."
Evelina, envious, said deliberately, "If only I knew how, I'd fix it for you in a heartbeat."
Lucian sighed, "It was only after Lemmy left that I realized how indispensable she really is."
Evelina nearly lost her composure. What about her? Where did she stand in all this?
###Chapter 133
Lemira caught a cab back to her apartment, slumping into the couch as she noticed a stain on her sleeve - a bloodstain, probably from when she helped Lucian into the car earlier that day. After changing, she saw a message from Orion. [Yeah.]
Just one word. That man was always sparing with his words, except when he was dishing out sarcasm.
During her live stream that evening, Lucian was incessantly sending her virtual gifts, which she tried to ignore. However, her fans couldn't help but comment.
[Isn't this ID Ms. Lemon's brother? Such a big spender!]
[Didn't I hear that Streamer Lemon had some family drama? With all these gifts, he must have spent hundreds of thousands by now.]
[Regardless of any family spat, Ms. Langston's status is unshakeable. Lucky her, having such doting brothers!]
Lemira's mood soured at these comments. She messaged Lucian: [Stop sending gifts.]
Lucian replied: [Just take it. Living on your own, you need the money.]
But she didn't want charity from the Langstons.
Feeling irritated, Lemira ended the stream and contacted the workers to arrange for all the money from Lucian's gifts to be refunded. She wasn't after his money! Seeing the refund, Lucian sighed deeply, "Does she hate me that much now?"
Zack chimed in, "Mr. Lucian Langston, Ms. Lemira is just ignoring you on purpose, aiming to drive Ms. Sterling away. That's her tactic to make a return." "Lemmy's not like that. It's my fault for neglecting her feelings, leading to all this current mess."
"But Ms. Sterling is innocent in all this. If it weren't for that incident, she wouldn't be an orphan, facing all these hardships. She's the real victim here." Lucian was torn. Indeed, Evelina wasn't to blame.
Yet, it was because of Evelina that Lemira was acting this way, and he was at a loss what to do.
At that moment, his secretary entered the room, "Mr. Langston, we haven't resolved the firewall issue. Ms. Langston used to handle it. She might have a solution." 
Lucian managed a bitter smile, "But she won't even talk to me now."
"Maybe I could reach out to her."
Lucian nodded, still holding out hope for Lemira.
The secretary immediately called Lemira, "Ms. Langston, this is Mr. Langston's secretary. We've met before."
"What's up?"
Recognizing the voice, Lemira remembered the secretary as one of the few who'd spoken up for her in the past.
"It's about the software project you were involved in. We're facing firewall issues which haven't been solved and our partner threatens to pull out. Could you possibly come to the company?" 
Lemira recalled it indeed happened in her past life, when she promptly went to resolve it only for Evelina to take the credit in the end, while this very secretary defended her, only to be reprimanded by Lucian. 
Lemira hesitated, then saying, "I'm not an employee of the Langston Group. It's not my responsibility,"
"But you were involved before, Ms. Langston."
"Back then, I considered myself a Langston. Now, things are different."
Lemira's exact words came to Lucian's ears; he was barely able to close his eyes, struggling to respond, his lips trembling.
The secretary quickly added, "How about this, Ms. Langston? Treat it as a freelance job. We'll compensate you at market rate. How does that sound?"
Lemira wasn't interested in the money. But if the project failed, the secretary would be affected too.
###Chapter 134
Lemira finally agreed, "Alright, I'll swing by the company tomorrow."
Consider it a debt repaid.
The next day, Lemira headed to the Langston Group bright and early.
Standing before the towering skyscraper, she felt as if she were living a past life. She made a beeline for the executive suite on the top floor. Hogan, the secretary, had been waiting for her, "Ms. Langston, right this way."
Entering the office, Lemira was surprised to see Lucian there, already discharged from the hospital.
Lucian, trying to win her over, stood up, "Lemmy, you're here so early. Did you grab breakfast? I picked up a bunch of your favorites."
Lemira saw the table laden with breakfast items.
Lucian reached for a jelly doughnut, cautiously saying, "Lemmy, I remember you loved these."
A mocking smile danced on Lemira's lips, "It was Evelina who loved jelly doughnuts, not me."
At that moment, Lucian's hands trembled. He clumsily tossed the doughnut aside, "Look at me, getting it all mixed up. What you really like is bagels."
Lemira was calm, "My favorite is pancakes."
Not jelly doughnuts, nor bagels.
Lucian nearly lost his footing, guilt making it hard for him to breathe, his expression uglier than tears, "Lemmy, I've been such an inadequate brother, could you give me another chance?" Lemira, picking up some documents from the table, replied coolly, "Why bother? Isn't it fine?"
Everyone living peacefully, without interfering in each other's lives.
Lucian's eyes reddened, "Lemmy, but I wanna make it up to you."
"No need," with that, Lemira left the office.
Hogan, disappointed, looked at Lucian, "Sir, how could you mess up such a good opportunity."
Lucian, with a wry smile, "I'm sure she liked it. Zack told me so."
As Lucian thought further, his mood darkened, "Did Zack deliberately mislead me?"
"Sir, it's because you didn't
Ms. Langston's
ems. It shows you r
belongs to en.kikistorinet
didn't care about her." (
Lucian slumped on the couch, stomach in knots from distress, "What can I do to make it up? Do you have any ideas?"
He genuinely wanted to mend things with Lemira!
After some thought, Hogan
suggested, "I'll talk to the branche
manager, say Ms. Langston is joining the workforce, and they should treat her with respect. Start with the little things." 
"You're right. I could let her manage the branch. That way, she'll see my sincerity, right?"
Lucian recalled Lemira had once expressed a desire to run a company.
---
Lemira left the top floor without looking back, heading straight for the branch office.
She knew what's wrong with the firewall; it needed fresh code written on-site and testing.
Checking her phone, Lemira found a
message [Lemmy, I'm sorry. I messed up, got your preferences wrong. It won't happen again 
She didn't need to guess it's from Lucian.
But she really couldn't care less now. Why couldn't Lucian understand?
Entering the branch, Lemira approached the reception, "Hi, I'm the engineer to fix the software."
"Lemira, what are you doing here?"
Evelina, dressed in designer brands from head to toe, came in, eyeing Lemira warily.
Lemira remained unfazed, "It's none of your business."
The manager, having hurried out upon hearing Ms. Langston was inspecting the work, was now in a bind.
The manager cast few glances at Lemira and Evelina, confusing about which one was Ms. Langston.
The receptionist glanced at Lemira, "This lady is here for an engineering job."
Eager to impress, the manager approached Evelina, assuming the lavishly dressed girl must be Ms. Langston.
###Chapter 135
Lemira stood on the sidelines, watching as the manager fawned over Evelina with a warmth that bordered on obsequiousness. If it had happened in her previous life, such a scene would have sparked jealousy in her. But right now she couldn't care less.
Evelina herself seemed taken aback by the manager's enthusiasm. The sight of Lemira, that witch, had initially irked her, given that Lemira was the real Ms. Langston. The people at this company were always so quick to shift their loyalties. It must have been Alaric who had given them a heads-up, causing the manager to sideline Lemira.
Evelina basked in the manager's eager attention, "I'm still getting the lay of the land here, so I'm counting on your support."
"It's no trouble at all. With you joining our team, it's like we've struck gold. Let's head to my office and have some coffee."
Evelina was pleased at the manager's words. She cast a smug glance at Lemira, who had been left out in the cold, before heading off to the office.
Lemira, unfazed, turned her focus to the HR department to check in.
The HR manager hardly glanced at her papers before speaking with a chill, "Try starting in the tech department. Whether you stay depends on if you can crack the case."
The firewall issue had stumped many a recruit, yet none had prevailed.
Lemira wasn't bothered. It's just a side gig for her, after all. She'd wrap this up in a couple of days.
Ignoring the HR manager's indifference, Lemira made her way to the work area.
The tech team leader, upon seeing Lemira's youthful appearance, couldn't hide his ridicule, "Such a young engineer? Did HR mix something up?"
After all, despite the parade of hotshots who had come through, the problem remained unsolved.
Now, there was this girl who looked barely legal. Could she solve the firewall issue?
Lemira was calm as ever, "Since you're out of options, let me have a crack at it."
She found an empty desk, booted up a computer, and started prepping the software.
This team leader, she heed
him. In her previous life, he had vouched for Evelina, crediting her with solving the firewall issu
QUMS
Soon after Evelina emerged with
the
man who announced loudlye
"Let's take a break, folks. Ms. Langston is here to inspect our
work. She's one of us now. 
Evelina offered a polished smile, "Hey everyone, I'm just the newbie here. I hope I can count on your support." The office played along nicely.
The team leader stood up, all eagerness, "Of course, we've got to take care of the new star of our branch." Lemira kept her eyes on her computer, emotionless, the office buzz seemingly worlds away.
A colleague whispered in awe, "Ms. Langston's got it made, not like us grinders."
"Seriously. She's here for the firewall thing, right? Looks so young, still in college, and she's tackling IT?" Lemira had heard it all before.
In her past life, when she came to this branch to fix the firewall, Evelina had tagged along, claiming she wanted to learn but ended up being a hindrance. In the end, Evelina took all the credit, and not a soul stood up for Lemira. 
Soon, Evelina approached in high heels, her perfume filled the air.
"Ms. Langston, any directives for us?"
She glanced at Lemira, all smiles, "Just checking on the firewall issue. Still no luck?"
"Ahem, we're on it. Brought in some fresh blood, too. Should have it cracked open soon."
The team leader, looking over at Lemira impatiently, prompted, "Hey, stand up and greet Ms. Langston. Share your plan."
###Chapter 136
Lemira looked up with an expressionless face, "No plans."
"Hey, newbie, what's with the attitude? Stand up, I told you to stand up, hear me?"
Lemira shot up from her chair, pushing it back a few feet.
Ethan was startled, "You're new here, looking for trouble or what? She's Ms. Langston!"
Lemira smirked mockingly, "What makes her Ms. Langston?"
"So, if she's not Ms. Langston, you are?"
Evelina, seeing the situation turning sour, quickly intervened, "Let's not fuss over me. Treat me as a newbie too, no need for all this politeness. And definitely no need for arguments over me!" Ethan immediately brown-nosed, "Ms. Langston is right."
Lemira turned and walked to the restroom, unwilling to watch Evelina prance around.
While washing her hands, Evelina stood smugly at the doorway, "I didn't expect you to show up here."
Lemira ignored the fake angel beside her.
Evelina didn't give up, "Lemira, don't be mad. It's Alaric who specifically asked me to come oversee the firewall project, Lucian knows about it too."
It was Lemira, after all, who suddenly turned up at the company to show goodwill. She wondered if Lemira regretted leaving home, trying to find a way back.
Lemira flicked the water from her hands, splashing Evelina's dress. The latter instantly became furious, "What are you doing? Do you know how much this dress cost?"
Lemira laughed scornfully, "Good to know it's expensive. You better not slip up, or else you might end up back in your old life. With such an expensive dress, you probably couldn't afford it in a lifetime." Feeling humiliated, Evelina glared at Lemira's retreating figure.
"Someday, I'll make sure to trample over you!" Evelina thought to herself.
Back in the office area, Lemira had just sat down. Ethan threw a stack of files at her, "Hey newbie, finish" these before you leave, or you're not going anywhere!" 
Lemira placed the files next to her desk and continued troubleshooting the software, neither refusing nor agreeing to do them.
The sleazy guy was about to lose it but saw Evelina approaching and instantly turned to suck up to her.
A female colleague next to Lemira whispered to her, "The team lead is being overly nice, he must be into Ms. Lemira. How could Ms. Langston ever fall for that peacock, who's strutting around just because he's a team lead? Girl, be careful. If there's a company dinner, don't drink." 
Lemira turned with a smile, "Got it, thanks for the heads up."
She had no intention of attending any company dinners.
At closing time, Evelina approached, "It's my first day, and I'd like to treat everyone to dinner."
The office crowd was all for it.
Seeing her testing was nearly wrapped up, Lemira began packing up to leave.
Evelina looked at her, "Ride with me later, okay?"
"No need, you all enjoy."
Lemira left with an indifferent air, not giving Evelina any face.
Evelina was a bit embarrassed, but she put on a gracious face, "I know her, never thought she'd be the same as always."
Ethan quickly chimed in, "Can't
believe she knows you and squandered such a good opportunity. No wonder she can't find a decent job! I'll teach her a
lesson for you tomorrow!" 
Evelina just smiled, not responding to his comment.
Evelina and the company folks headed out to a diner, with Lucian and Alaric joining as well.
"Lucian, Alaric, you guys came too?"
Lucian looked around eagerly, asking Evelina, "Where's Lemmy? Why didn't she come?"
###Chapter 137
Evelina's smile froze on her face, thinking they had come for her. Turned out, it's all about that witch!
Evelina forced a smile, "She left right after her shift."
"Didn't you invite her?"
"Of course, I invited Lemmy, but she didn't want to have dinner with me. And she's not exactly Ms. Congeniality with our colleagues."
Evelina explained with a hint of grievance, "I really tried my best."
Alaric felt a pang of sympathy, "I know Lemira can be a tough cookie, but I didn't expect her to actually go to the branch office to tackle that issue. Wondered how long she would last."
Lucian chuckled bitterly, "It was me who convinced her to go. Right now, she's the only one who can sort out the firewall mess."
"Lucian, Lemira's just being stubborn on purpose. Why force her to go? We might as well drop that project if it's causing so much trouble."
"We've invested too much money in this project to just drop it like it's hot. This is business, not some playground where you can just stomp your foot and call it quits. Your streaming company is bleeding cash too. You better think about how you're gonna explain the loss in the finals to Asher." Disappointed, Lucian left.
Without Lemira there, he saw no point in staying for dinner.
A flicker of discomfort crossed Evelina's eyes. Was Lemira really that important?
Alaric was visibly annoyed, "Lucian's playing favorites with Lemira now."
Evelina clenched her teeth, "Well, Lemira is his blood, after all. It's natural he'd be softer on her."
"Blood or not, Lemira shouldn't be above the rules. I don't buy that she's capable of pulling off the issue."
Alaric always doubted Lemira's involvement in the project, suspecting it was all Lucian's doing.
In the end, Evelina and Alaric went out to dinner with some colleagues, where she managed to steal the spotlight.
After Lucian drove off, he pulled out. his phone and texted Lemira. [How's your day at the office? If anyone gives you a hard time, let me know right away!] 
Lemira had just gotten back to her apartment. She saw Lucian's message but felt no urge to reply. After eating something, she lay down to rest and thought about chatting with Orion. FindNovel
After much deliberation, she texted him. [Hey, what're you doing?]
Staring anxiously at her phone screen after sending the message, she felt a bit weird.
After showering and still no reply from Orion, Lemira sighed and reckoned her intention was a bit obvious, regretting her impulsive message. She hardly slept that night, waking up with bags under her eyes.
Finding no message from Orion, she got dressed and went to the branch office, feeling down.
Upon arrival, Lemira dived into
coding, having personally tested the software yesterday to identify the problem. Though she had tackled this issue in her previous life, it had been a long time, and she needed to
test again to be sure.
"The newbie's early today. Feeling regret for missing yesterday's dinner and trying to make up for it?"
Lemira ignored him completely.
Ethan slammed his desk in irritation, "Newbie, I'm talking to you. What's with the attitude?"
"Your attitude dictates my attitude! Attendance at dinner isn't mandatory. If I don't wanna go, I won't!" Lemira's response was bold and unyielding.
The colleagues who had arrived at the office heard her response, giving Lemira silent nods of admiration.
###Chapter 138
The young folks these days were all about shaking up the workplace!
Ethan was seething with indignation, "Newbie, so arrogant. Did you get all those files sorted out that I assigned you yesterday?" "Nope."
Lemira gave him a cool look, "That's not my job."
"You're in the tech department; how is that not your job?"
"My job is to clean up messes, firewalls included."
Lemira's tone was frosty. At this point, she couldn't be bothered to pretend anymore. All she wanted was to get the firewall issue sorted out; the last thing she desired was to work here.
Ethan had probably never seen a newbie so bold, talking back to a supervisor on her second day! He shook with rage, "I'm going straight to the manager to have you fired!"
"Be my guest."
Lemira didn't even bother with him, continuing to type away. Her slender fingers danced across the keyboard, streams of code filling the screen.
Soon enough, Ethan stormed out of the office, shooting Lemira a furious glance, "Don't get too cocky. If you can't handle the firewall issue, you're out of here. I'm really curious to see what you're capable of." "Don't worry, I've got more skills than you'll ever have," Lemira didn't hold back.
As Evelina arrived at the company, she still flaunted her designer labels, greeting everyone with the poise of Langston heiress.
Seeing the code on Lemira's screen, she had an ominous feeling. If Lemira managed to fix the firewall issue, wouldn't that make Lucian favor her even more?
A calculating look crossed Evelina's eyes; she wouldn't let Lemira win. Her gaze fell on Ethan, and an idea sparked.
Lemira worked a whole day to finish coding, not even having lunch break.
She rubbed her neck, hoping the test would go well tomorrow so she wouldn't have to come back.
She really didn't want to get entangled with the Langstons any further.
As Lemira packed up to leave, Ethan taunted, Tech department neverz leaves on time. Newbie, don't you know the rules? If you're taking the company's money, you should be contributing." 
Lemira kept to her own path, "You seem to excel at overtime, yet the firewall issue remains. Lack of skill means no amount of overtime will help." "Brat, who are you calling incompetent? Why don't you try?"
Lemira's hand flew in a slap, "Men like you, incompetent and harassing female colleagues, do you ever look in the mirror? You think you're worth anything?" 
The whole office turned to look.
Ethan, used to throwing his weight around, hadn't expected a newbie to strike him. He reached out to hit back when two hands grabbed his arm, "Who allowed you to hit her?" 
Lemira looked up to see Alaric, surprised.
Normally, Alaric would just stand by and watch her take a hit. It had always been like this in the past life.
With Alaric's arrival, Ethan immediately backed down, "Mr. Langston, I was just teaching the newbie a lesson."
"This is a company, not a place for brawls," Alaric's voice was cold; after all, Lemira's his sister.
Normally, if anyone was to scold or hit her, it would be him. What right did an outsider have to lay a hand on Lemira?
Alaric pushed Ethan aside, "Do you know who she is?"
The audacity of these people, to lay hands on Ms. Langston!
###Chapter 139
Alaric's words were laced with anger, sending Ethan into a shiver. Could it be that the new girl had some sort of hidden background? "What's going on here, Alaric?" Evelina approached at that moment.
Alaric, fuming, pointed at the sleazy guy, "This jerk actually dared to start a fight in the office. Just fire him."
Ethan panicked, saying, "It wasn't my fault, alright? The new girl threw the first punch. I was just defending myself."
Evelina, pretending to be a fake angel, said, "But she's a girl. You can't just retaliate like that."
Ethan didn't dare to argue back, knowing Alaric was backing the new girl. Their relationship was a mystery to him.
Evelina tugged at Alaric's sleeve, whispering, "Alaric, firing someone shouldn't be so hasty. We're in a professional setting."
Alaric's gaze shifted to Lemira, his tone stiff, "What do you think?"
Lemira looked indifferent, "Doesn't matter to me," and walked away with her purse.
Alaric was visibly upset, "What's with her attitude?"
He had just stood up for her, and that's how she repaid him? Ungrateful, indeed!
Evelina smirked inwardly. After the way Alaric had treated Lemira, only a fool would forgive him so easily. But for Evelina, this was a good thing.
Evelina, acting all generous, "She's always been like this. It's not the first time you know her. Let's talk outside."
Evelina attempted to avoid further company gossip about Lemira being Ms. Langston. That would jeopardize her own standing in the company. Since Lemira didn't want the title, Evelina would gladly take it.
The next day, Lemira noticed many colleagues looking at her differently, obviously because of yesterday's incident.
But today, after she finished testing the software, she could take her payment and leave.
As soon as Lemira sat down, a female colleague leaned in, "So, what's the deal with you and Mr. Alaric Langston?"
"Nothing."
"I don't buy it. If there was nothing, he wouldn't have defended you like that yesterday. The team lead was almost scared to death."
Word had spread throughout the
office about the new engineer with a surprisingly mysterious background. No wonder she could get through HR's review with such a young age. It seemed likely she had a past relationship with Alaric. 
Lemira kept her gaze on her computer screen, ignoring her colleague's curiosity. The latter could only give up, not probing further.
A while after, Ethan arrived at work
with less arrogance than usual, and as seeing Lemira, except a stern face, he didn't dare to have any confrontation, thinking Alaric might stand by her side if she was provoked. 
The office was eerily quiet until the manager announced, "There's a meeting soon to discuss firewall issues. The big boss will be
inspecting our work. Let's figure it out" 
en FindNovel
"No need for a discussion. I've already written the patch. It's ready for testing."
Scoff was written all over the sleazy guy's face, "You expect us to believe you fixed it so quickly?"
"Just because you're incapable doesn't mean everyone else is," Lemira shot back, unfazed.
Though he's angered, he didn't dare to escalate things further, merely g***, "Fine, go test it then. But if it fails, you're out."
Lemira copied her code onto a USB drive and headed to the server room for testing.
Evelina approached at this time, exchanging a glance with the sleazy guy as Lemira started the software test.
However, it wasn't long before an error popped up on the screen.
"See, it goes wrong. You're all talk and no skill," Ethan mocked.
###Chapter 140
Seeing it, Evelina feigned shock, "Maybe we should go back and change it."
"No changes needed. According to the agreement, she should be fired. And there's no need for additional help since I've already finished the coding." The guy, reeking of arrogance, pulled out a thumb drive, looking down on Lemira, "Move aside, if you can't hack it, don't talk big."
After he sat down, he immediately started working. And he passed the test with flying colors.
Looking smug, he taunted Lemira, "How about that? This is what real skill looks like!"
Lemira snorted, "Stealing my code and then bragging about it as if it's your own skill! Indeed, your talent for thievery and boasting is impressive."
"What are you blabbering about?" Ethan became red-faced, a mix of anger and a touch of guilt, especially as he glanced at Evelina.
Evelina calmly spoke, "The team lead has skills too. You can't just accuse him of stealing just because your own code is not up to par." The manager, growing impatient with Lemira, said, "You're fired."
"I'd like to see who dares to fire her."
Lucian walked in, Hogan following behind him.
Seeing Lucian, Evelina instantly turned exasperated, wondering why he had to show up right then.
The manager hastily spoke with reverence, "Mr. Langston, I had a reason for firing her. Her code was all wrong, and her attitude was appalling, not to mention she wasn't cooperating with the company's directives. We can't keep an employee like that." Lucian's expression was icy, "She was never here to be an employee. She's going to be your boss, your superior. What company directives does she need to follow?"
As the words came out, the room went silent in shock.
Evelina's face fell. What did that mean? Was Lucian planning to hand over the branch to Lemira?
The sleazy guy couldn't help but speak up, "And why would she deserve that?"
"Because she's my sister. What, you have ions?"
"But isn't your sister her?"
Almost everyone looked at Evelina, thinking she was Ms. Langston.
Hogan scolded the manager, "I personally informed you that Ms. Langston would be visiting the branch. What did you do?"
The manager turned pale, "But she claimed to be Ms. Langston."
"Ms. Langston obviously means she's a Langston. Are you dumb? How could you mix that up?"
The manager suddenly felt the ground beneath him give way.
Lucian, realizing the mistake, looked at Lemira with apprehension, "I'm sorry, I didn't know they'd mistaken Evelina for you. You've been wronged." Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery; she didn't need these at all.
Evelina, fighting back her anger, tried to explain, "It's all a
misunderstanding. I didn't realize they got it wrong, it's my fault for not making it clear. Lucian, blame me if you must." 
The manager, puzzled, asked, "Does the Langston family have two daughters?"
Evelina, swallowing her pride, replied, "I'm just the Langstons' adopted daughter, Lemmy is the real one. I thought you all knew, given her last name is Langston."
"Ms. Sterling, if you're not Ms. Langston, why did you claim to be?"
The manager was speechless; how could he have guessed?
He'd heard about the Langston family having an adopted daughter, but who could have imagined both would report on the same day? And to think the adopted one would directly admit without clarifying, wasn't that misleading? 
Evelina's eyes got red instantly, "Lucian, I didn't expect this misunderstanding either. After all, Alaric had mentioned he'd notified the company. Lemmy, she never
clarified, how could I have known?" 
Lucian was visibly upset, "Then why didn't you tell everyone that Lemmy is the real Langston heiress?"
###Chapter 141
Lucian was feeling frustrated. He had gone out of his way to make things special, all to win over Lemira.
But Evelina had stolen the spotlight, leaving him feeling sour. Sure, it's a misunderstanding, but that didn't ease the sting.
Why did Evelina always have to show up and mess things up whenever he tried to mend fences with Lemon?
Evelina's eyes were red as she said to Lemira, looking aggrieved, "Lemmy, I swear it wasn't on purpose. I thought you were keeping your identity a secret to get a real feel for the internship."
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. It seemed the innocent act was quick on its feet. No wonder she had been outmaneuvered in her past life.
But when Ethan saw Evelina crying, he jumped to her defense, "Mr. Langston, I don't think this is Ms. Sterling's fault. I mean, Ms. Langston could've disclosed her identity herself and yet she didn't. It's not fair to blame Ms. Sterling." He thought he looked pretty heroic, standing up for justice. Maybe Evelina would even fall for him now.
Lucian glanced over coldly, "You are the guy who wanted to hit my sister at the office yesterday? I've been looking for you!"
Ethan's face went through a palette of colors, "She hit me first yesterday."
"That's because you started with those nasty comments. Consider yourself unemployed."
Ethan panicked immediately. That's not how he imagined things going. He turned to Evelina in desperation.
Evelina stiffly interjected, "Lucian, he just fixed our major firewall issue. We can't just fire him like that."
Lucian was amazed, "Didn't Lemmy fix it?"
The manager quickly explained, "Ms. Langston mentioned her code was stolen."
The manager knew about the project and that Ms. Langston had been involved from the start, indicating her capability.
As for the tech team lead, who hadn't solved the firewall issue for so long, how could he have suddenly fixed it?
Ethan defended himself, "I didn't steal anything. I wrote it myself."
Evelina added, "Yeah, Lemmy said her code was stolen, but where's the proof?"
Without evidence, Lemira's words were powerless.
Lucian looked at Lemira, skeptical, "Lemmy, are you sure it was him?"
Lemira's gaze was mocking, "Yes!"
Hogan turned to the manager, "Check the surveillance."
"Yeah, the surveillance!"
But soon, the manager came back with a gloomy face, "The lobby's surveillance is broken. We've lost the past few days' footage." 
Evelina's eyes gleamed with triumph, knowing this would happen.
She feigned concern, saying, "What do we do now?"
Ethan got all smug, "No evidence, who can prove it? You can't smear me just because you're Ms. Langston."
Evelina smiled, her fake worry visible as she looked at Lucian, "Lucian, I know Lemmy wants to help you out, and we all appreciate her hard work. But it's not right to claim someone else's hard work as your own right?" 
QUMS
Lucian was torn and frustrated. He tugged his tie and told Hogan, "Find other evidence."
"Who says there isn't any proof!"
Lemira pulled out her phone and displayed last night's last night's surveillance
foota
e which clearly showed what
happened that time.
Ethan swaggering over to her laptop, copying files, and tampering with her code, everything was crystal clear.
Lucian, furious, slapped Ethan, "You dare mess with my sister's work? Are you looking for death?"
"I, I didn't."
###Chapter 142
Ethan was totally flabbergasted. This couldn't be happening.
He had stealthily hacked into the company's security system, erasing all footage from the past few days. How could there possibly be any evidence left?
When Evelina saw the surveillance video, she immediately sensed something was off. If Lemira had the footage all along, why didn't she reveal it sooner? Was this some kind of trap?
Evelina quickly grabbed the arm of Ethan, her eyes brimming with tears of betrayal, "How could you do this? And to think I trusted you!"
The scent of Evelina's perfume made Ethan go weak at the knees. He quickly concocted a reply, "Yes, it's all me. I just couldn't stand her arrogant ways. It has nothing to do with anyone else."
He definitely couldn't rat out his crush now. It must be because Ms. Langston was always so overbearing and took pleasure in tormenting his crush, which led her to act.
Seeing Ethan's response, Evelina finally felt a weight lifted off her shoulders. After all, she couldn't let her involvement be exposed!
Turning to Lemira, Evelina wore a look of grievance, "Lemmy, I shouldn't have doubted you based on his word. I'm sorry."
Lemira let out a cold laugh, "Well, you certainly should apologize."
Evelina's expression stiffened, and she looked down, feigning scared.
Ethan, feeling a surge of chivalry, defended, "It's understandable Ms. Sterling had her doubts. After all, you hadn't shown us any evidence until now!" This statement left everyone around them shocked.
The manager, furious, bellowed, "You stole Ms. Langston's code and still have the audacity to speak?"
Lucian, with a stern look, commanded, "Hogan, fire him and call the police!"
Hearing the words, Ethan panicked.
Evelina, tears in her eyes, gave Ethan a lingering, affectionate look. But in the end, he didn't reveal the truth and was escorted away by security. Lemira revealed a half-smile, "Seems Evelina's charm is not to be underestimated. Men seem to defend her without a second thought."
Despite everything, Ethan hadn't exposed Evelina as the mastermind behind the scheme. She had to admit this fake angel did know how to manipulate. "Lemmy, you got it all wrong. The team lead and I are just colleagues, nothing more. I was misled by him, truly believed he was the one behind the code."
Inwardly, Evelina was gritting her
teeth, "Lemmy, if you had the footage all along, why didn't you present it sooner? It could've avoided all this misunderstanding." 
Who would've guessed Lemira had surveillance footage up her sleeve? It's clear, Lemira had anticipated. someone would tamper with the computers and had strategically held back. 
Evelina was terrified, thinking about she would be doomed if Ethan hadn't been swayed by her influence to keep her role a secret. Now that Lucian's trust in her was waning, if Ethan had confessed she was the one pulling the strings, that would be the end of her day. Lemira had deliberately set a trap.
Waving her phone slightly, Lemira explained, "I wanted to see who was trying to frame me."
"It's obvious the team lead couldn't handle the firewall issue and, fearing Lucian's inspection, decided to take a desperate gamble." Evelina was panicking, especially with Lemira appearing so calm and collected, uncertain of what other evidence she might possess.
Lucian, with a stern face, insisted,
"We need to thoroughly investigate whether there's someone behind pulling the string. I refuse to believe a mere team lead would dare
eto
undertake such a bold scheme alone." 
Evelina's heart sank. What if the interrogation revealed everything?
###Chapter 143
Lemira caught sight of Evelina's panicked look, her lips curling with a hint of smirk. Who would've thought Evelina could actually be scared?
Evelina quickly turned to Lucian, saying, "Lucian, since this whole mess indirectly started because of me, let me clear the air. I need to find out if he was bribed to do it." Lemira couldn't help but scoff, "Wasn't it you, after all?"
After her accusation, Evelina's face turned pale, her heart racing with fear. Evelina couldn't be sure if Lemira had more evidence up her sleeve.
Evelina rushed to explain, "Lemmy, how could I ever do such a thing? I know you're mad because I didn't stand by you earlier, but I swear it wasn't me."
After saying this, Evelina cast a desperate look towards Lucian. But the latter, frowning, remained silent.
Lemira's eyes and brow carried a chill, "Fine, swear on it then. If you were behind it, may you be struck by lightning, meet a terrible end, and end up a beggar on the streets!" Evelina bit her lip, clearly hesitant to make such a vow. Because the last thing she wanted was to end up broke! She'd worked so hard just to make it rich.
Evelina looked towards Lucian, a picture of pitifulness, "Lucian, I really didn't do this. I can apologize, but swearing like that is just too terrifying."
Lucian, almost instinctively, felt Evelina had a point. An apology should suffice, no need for such dire oaths.
Hogan, seeing an opportunity, chimed in, "Boss, if Ms. Sterling is innocent, swearing wouldn't matter, right? Unless, of course, she has something to feel guilty about?" Hogan had never been fond of Ms. Sterling, always thinking she was too good at playing the victim.
Evelina, looking all teary-eyed and pitiful, gazed at Lucian.
Such a look would usually soften him. This time, though, Lucian gritted his teeth and said, "Eve, just go ahead and swear. I believe you're innocent."
Evelina was on the verge of tears. She didn't want to curse herself. But now, she was stuck.
Lemira watched the scene unfold with a smirk, rather surprised Lucian actually agreed to have Evelina swear.
In the past, Lucian would have never asked Evelina to do such a thing, instead demanding Lemira be understandable. Certainly a surprising turn of events. Now, all eyes were on Evelina.
Eventually, Evelina, reluctantly and feeling wronged, repeated the dire oath as Lemira had dictated.
Lemira watched Evelina intently, impressed by her willingness to risk it all.
Evelina felt a chill down her spine but dared not provoke Lemira further, fearing she might have more evidence.
With the matter settled, Lucian
turned to Lemira, cautiously saying, "I'll get to the bottom of it. Thise firewall issue, we owe you one for solving it." 
"It's all about the money for me. Hogan, make sure to transfer it to my account."
Wishing to leave, Lemira turned and headed back to her seat. Now that the testing was successful, wrapping things up was easy.
Back at her seat, her colleagues tiptoed around, yet whispered among themselves.
"Turns out she's the real Ms. Langston. We've been fooled by that impostor all along."
"Who would've thought an adopted kid could outshine the real Ms. Langston herself? Unbelievable."
As Evelina came out, her
embarrassment was palpable. Now that everyone knew she was a fake, she couldn't bear to stay in the office, sensing these people were laughing at her. 
She knew she had to find a way to silence Ethan. Evelina stood up and walked away from her desk.
Lemira had finished integrating all her code into the software, marking the end of her task. With the files ready, she headed to the manager's office to knock on the door. 
###Chapter 144
"Ms. Langston, come in."
Upon seeing Lucian in the room, Lemira, with a calm demeanor, said, "I've integrated the tested code into the software. My work here is done, so I'll be on my way unless there's something else."
"Lemmy, I always knew you wouldn't let me down. I had no idea you had so many skills under your belt."
Truth be told, Lucian had his doubts about Lemira solving the firewall issue. After all, he had sought the expertise of many, to no avail. Yet, she had cracked it in just two days.
Lucian beamed at Lemira, "With this, I feel even more confident in entrusting the company to your capable hands."
"I'll pass." Lemira declined straight away, turning to Hogan, "Just process the payment as we agreed, and that'll be all."
She had no intention of staying any longer.
Lucian, somewhat panicked, stood up to stop her, "Lemmy, running a company is far more meaningful than streaming online. It's a venture that promises more financial gain down the line. I genuinely have your best interests at heart." There it is again, the "for your best interests" argument!
Lemira was composed, "Lucian, are you really doing this for me, or is it just another way to keep me under your thumb?"
Returning would mean reverting to their old ways of interaction. Lucian's continuously badgering her showed he merely wasn't accustomed to the fact that he no longer could control her.
Lucian was taken aback, "Why would you think that? I just want to make things right and compensate for the past."
The wariness in Lemira's eyes stung him deeply. He hadn't expected such distrust from her.
"If you truly have my best interests at heart, stop doing these tiresome things," Lemira said calmly.
As Lemira turned and opened the office door, she saw Evelina standing outside with a rather unpleasant expression. Without sparing Evelina a glance, Lemira went back to her desk, gathered her things, and left. Lucian, after a few faltering steps, ultimately didn't follow her. His expression was sour.
Evelina, inwardly seething with jealousy, couldn't fathom why her years of dedication seemed to pale in comparison to Lemira's whims.
Swallowing her pride, Evelina approached Lucian with a composed face, "Lucian, I'm sure Lemmy will eventually see the depth of your care for her."
Lucian managed a wry smile, "Perhaps."
Hogan, observing Evelina's attempt at comfort, felt a twinge of discomfort but remained silent, considering it a personal matter for the boss. Lemira headed straight home after leaving the company.
Soon after Hogan called, "Ms. Langston, our clients insist on having a technical handover before proceeding. Could we trouble you to join us at the client's company tomorrow?" 
en FindNovel
Lemira frowned, "Fine, but this will be the last time I'm involved, and I'd prefer the client not know who I am."
"No problem, it's all settled then. Your payment has been processed; please check your account."
After hanging up, Hogan looked at Lucian, "It's all arranged, boss."
"Why does Lemmy agree when you ask but not me?"
Hogan's expression turned complex,
"Probably because I'm just a bystander. Ms. Langston is kind-hearted; she didn't want to make things difficult for me. 
Lucian sighed, "I don't even know how to communicate with her anymore."
e el
The next day, as Lemira was about to hail a cab to the client's company, she spotted Lucian's car but pretended not to see it and got into a taxi instead. 
The wounds of the past weren't easily forgotten.
Upon arriving, Lemira and Lucian went into the client's company together.
As a technician, she conducted a final check on the software, confirming everything was in order.
The client's manager received a call and promptly stood up, "Our boss just returned."
As the conference room door opened, two figures walked in.
Lemira was taken aback. Weren't those Thaddeus and Orion? They were the bosses of this company?
###Chapter 145
The meeting room was expressly quiet.
It wasn't just Lemira who was shell-shocked; Orion hadn't expected to see her there either.
Thaddeus cleared his throat purposely, "Well, isn't this a full house? Heard there was a snag with the firewall, so I thought I'd pop in to check."
His initial plan was to stir up some trouble, but he hadn't banked on Lemira being the one to crack the code. That put a wrench in his plans.
The manager stood up, offering a respectful reply, "Indeed, just a moment ago, Ms. Langston here ran some tests on the software. Everything's ticking along nicely now. Anything else you reckon needs looking at?" Thaddeus, feigning interest, grabbed the report and flipped through it without really seeing anything.
After all, the firewall fiasco was nothing but a fabricated flaw, a strategic move to put the Langston Group in the hot seat.
After a cursory glance, Thaddeus turned to Orion, "What's your take on this?"
It all hinged on Orion's verdict now.
Orion took the report and shot a surprised look at Lemira, "You sorted this out on your own?"
She nodded, "Yeah, it's a piece of cake, really."
What threw her for a loop was discovering this company was Thaddeus'. So, all those late nights they'd been griping about were due to this software's firewall?
The firewall issue wasn't rocket science; it was more of a mental block. In her past life, she'd spent a good chunk of time pinpointing the crux of the issue, which was why she could fix it in a snap this time around. Orion's tone was laced with casualty, "If it was such a simple fix, why couldn't your team handle it, instead of asking a high school grad to bail you out?" His words dripped with sarcasm.
Lucian's face fell on spot. He hadn't expected Orion to be in the mix, looking every bit the silent partner if not the boss himself.
Lucian's tone wasn't warm, "Because Lemmy was part of the original project team. She was in charge of the firewall."
Truth be told, he'd never pegged Lemira as the solution to their problem.
Thaddeus couldn't resist a dig, "So, she's that pivotal, huh? Young as she is, dabbling in software development, you should've nurtured that talent. How did you end up burying such potential after just one project?" Lucian was stumped. Right, why had he overlooked Lemira's prowess?
He glanced at Hogan, seeking answers. Hogan replied in a low voice, "Because later Ms. Sterling wanted in too, but frankly, she was out of her depth, just slowing things down. You sidelined Lemira in the name of fairness." 
Lucian went quiet upon hearing it. To cover his awkwardness, he reached for a glass of water, but accidentally choked on a gulp. He had never thought things would turn like that, unable to face Lemira.
Thaddeus caught the words; seizing
the moment, he launched into a
tirade, "Wow, talk about fairness! To accommodate a clueless outsider, you hamstrung your own flesh and blood, a truly gifted sister. Try selling that story." 
Lucian's grip on his glass faltered. His voice was hoarse, "I-I didn't think it much that time."
"Oh, didn't think it much? Seems to me you've thought plenty. What you did would make others think you're the good guy, adopting without favoritism. You're seemingly acting someone good, but at what cost? You sacrificed Sweet Lemon's interest!" 
Thaddeus had a knack for hitting where it hurt, his frustration boiling over.
Orion, now privy to the full story, felt a heavy weight in his chest. He turned to Lemira, "It's not too late to start over. There are other projects, perfect for you."
He was determined to make up for what she had missed since young. He owed her.
Lemira's lips curled up, "I'm up for it."
"Lemmy," Lucian interjected unwittingly, looking at Lemira in panic, "you could have spoken up if you were against it back then."
If Lemira had voiced her concerns, he would have chosen differently.
###Chapter 146
Lemira tugged her lips, "I did say."
Lucian's face turned pale instantly, "I-I must've been too caught up with work and forgot, I'm so sorry. It's my fault for holding you back. Don't worry, the Langston Group has plenty of projects too, you can join in anytime." He couldn't bear the thought of Lemira joining another company.
Lemira's clear eyes made Lucian's heart sink further. She spoke calmly, "Forget about it. I want to choose where I go."
"Lemmy, I really forgot."
Thaddeus immediately interrupted, "What were you doing until now? Now that you realize how amazing she is, you regret it? Too late, she can go wherever she wants. Don't try to guilt-trip her!" Lucian was left speechless. He genuinely forgot.
Lemira didn't even glance at Lucian, turning to the manager instead, "The software testing's all good?"
"It's fine, but the boss has the final say."
The manager looked at Thaddeus, internally questioning how the boss seemed to know this technician. And the technician, seemed to be Ms. Langston! What's going on?
Thaddeus touched his nose, "I think it's fine, but we should have the company's consultant take a look."
Orion put down the document he was holding, his gaze serene as he looked at Lemira, "The firewall is solid. We'll encounter the same issue with the software upgrade, though, so it'll need your follow-up." Lemira nodded, "I know. It's related to the firewall's design. If it becomes too much of a hassle later, we can switch to a different firewall."
"This firewall you designed is quite unique. If used correctly, it will significantly enhance the game's stability and be hard to imitate. However, you've overlooked one thing."
Lemira and Orion discussed the firewall back and forth, leaving no room for others to chime in.
Lucian observed the confident and graceful smile on Lemira's face, so different from the Lemira he remembered.
He felt a sense of melancholy looking at Lemira, who had changed and grown so much. She was no longer the little sister following him around.
Thaddeus cleared his throat at this, "Alright, discuss this privately later. If the firewall's fine, then let's proceed with the contract."
For Sweet Lemon's sake, the contract would continue.
Lucian felt conflicted. Glancing at
Orion, he knew this man wasn't just a simple school doctor. Yet, he still
couldn't figure out what Oristill
story was. 
real
Lemira hadn't expected this company to be connected to both Thaddeus and Orion.
The meeting room was filled with an awkward atmosphere. It felt like a failed blind date.
Suddenly, Lucian spoke up, "Since the contract is signed, how about we celebrate with a meal?" Orion's eyes narrowed slightly, remaining silent.
Lucian turned to Lemira, "Lemmy, this is your first project. You'll get a share of the profits once it goes to market. I think it's a good idea for our companies to celebrate together ahead of time." 
Lemira noticed all eyes turned to her. She glanced at Thaddeus and Orion, wondering if she should refuse. After all, it's about company cooperation. Orion saw Lemira's hesitation and took the initiative, "That's fine."
Seeing him agree, Lemira nodded as well, thinking it wouldn't hurt for a meal.
After deciding on the meal, the group headed to the restaurant.
Inside the large private room, Lucian first addressed Orion, "Dr. Everhart, I didn't expect someone with your professional background to have such diverse interests." 
Orion's tone was cool, "Well, at least my family never suppresses my interests in the name of 'fairness'."
Lemira curled her lips slightly, thinking he was clearly taking a jab at Lucian.
Unperturbed, Lucian countered, "And what does you family do?"
###Chapter 147
Lemira eyed Lucian with a hint of suspicion after hearing his question. She asked, "Lucian, why are you asking all these questions? They're not related to work, are they?" "I'm just curious, that's all. Dr. Everhart is so mysterious, makes me wonder if he's hiding something unsavory?"
Lucian always had his reservations about the school doctor.
On their way here, Lucian had realized that the whole situation must have been orchestrated by the doctor himself.
If Lemira hadn't fixed the firewall issue, their project would have likely been axed! It seemed intentional on the doctor's part.
Orion leaned back in his chair, resting an arm on the table, his wrist peeking out. He answered slowly, "Just running a small family business."
Thaddeus choked on his soda at that comment. This guy just said a small business!!
How cheeky, if Orion's family business was considered small, then what did that make everyone else's?
Lemira, seeing Thaddeus choking, felt a pang of curiosity. What exactly did Orion's family do?
She realized she knew next to nothing about him. All this time, he mentioned being away on business, but she was clueless about the details. Their connection seemed fragile. Lucian pressed on, "If it's a small business, you must have a company name, right? What is it called?"
Thaddeus tried to smooth things over, "Mr. Langston, are we conducting an interrogation here? You're digging pretty deep."
"After all, Mr. Everhart has snatched my sister. As her brother, I have the right to know, don't I, Mr. Everhart?"
"Lucian!"
Lemira cut in, "There's nothing going on between Mr. Everhart and me. You don't need to pry like this."
"Lemmy, how could I not ask? What if he has ulterior motives? Girls need to be more cautious these days to avoid being duped." Lucian's concern was genuine, given the doctor's murky background.
Lemira only felt embarrassed,
we're just friends, and your questioning is making things awkward. Have you thought about how this makes me feel?" 
Lucian calmed down, "Alright, if it upsets you, I'll stop asking."
Lemira lost her appetite.
Thaddeus tried to lighten the mood, "Let's eat, come on. Let's enjoy some food."
Lemira sneaked a glance at Orion, knowing his reserved nature, he must be upset with Lucian's intrusive questioning.
Seeing Lemira downcast, Orion pulled out his phone and texted her. [Focus on your food.]
Lemira looked up in surprise after receiving his message. She texted back. [I didn't know Lucian would ask all that, sorry.] [I'm not mad.]
Relieved by his response, Lemira felt slightly better. As long as he wasn't angry.
The atmosphere at the table improved a bit. Midway through the meal, Lemira excused herself to the restroom, feeling a mix of emotions. She realized she truly knew nothing about Orion. 
Stepping out, she saw a tall figure leaning against the wall. Orion was there, phone in one hand, scrolling through something. Lemira saw his profile, half of which was hidden in the shadow; she approached him, "I didn't expect you back today."
"I just wrapped things up."
Orion pocketed his phone, focusing on her, "Why were you at Lucian's company? You never mentioned it."
"I was involved in the project, and indeed, the firewall was my responsibility. Lucian's secretary reached out for help. He's been good to me in the past, and I didn'twant to see him struggle." 
Indeed, it was Hogan's goodwill that had prompted her to assist.
###Chapter 148
Orion's voice was calm, "Didn't see that coming. You've got a knack for computing. Ever thought about majoring in computer science in college?"
"I've considered it, but haven't made up my mind yet."
Truth be told, Lemira was unsure about what major to choose for her future; she had a myriad of interests.
"Let's talk it over when we get back."
"Sure."
Walking beside him, Lemira glanced down at his shadow and felt a sudden uplift in her mood. They returned to the room together.
Seeing the smile on Lemira's face, Lucian felt a stir of irritation within him. She used to smile like that at him too, but now she wouldn't even get mad at him.
Lucian walked over to Orion with a glass of wine in hand, "Here's to you."
Orion took the glass with an indifferent expression, "Let's hope the game she's working on becomes a hit."
"Exactly, I'm thinking that too. After all, Lemmy has shares in the Langston Group. She'll be getting dividends in the future."
Upon hearing it, Lemira found it amusing. Technically, she did own shares.
But in her past life, those shares were used to apologize to Evelina. So, in this life, she'd never given those shares much thought; they were irrelevant to her anyway. Thaddeus, sensing something off, quickly added, "Orion, too, is a rising star, investing in various companies. He'll be seeing dividends as well."
The Langstons dare to look down on Orion for being poor?
Lucian, sipping his wine, suddenly changed the subject, "Mr. Everhart is such a promising young man. Do you have a girlfriend?"
The topic change caught everyone off guard.
Lemira couldn't help but glance at Orion, remembering she had asked him the same question before. He had said no.
Orion's hand tightened around the wine glass, his lips pressed as if hesitating.
Thaddeus jumped in, "Of course, he does."
Lemira's utensils clattered to the floor in her surprise. Blushing, she bent down to pick them up, her thoughts suddenly in a whirl. Orion had a girlfriend? He had said he didn't before. Could it be that something happened during his recent business trip?
Picking up her utensils, Lemira looked at Orion with mixed feelings, a touch of sourness in her heart.
Orion noticed her gaze, which was easy to read. He seemed to make up his mind and replied nonchalantly, "Still in the early stages." Hearing this, Lemira felt a buzz in her ears, as if she couldn't hear anything else. So, he really was seeing someone.
Well, it made sense. Someone as outstanding as him was bound to attract girls.
Thaddeus spotted Lemira's expression; unable to see her hurt, he added, "It's still early days; who knows if it'll work out."
Lucian let out a half-smile, "With Mi Everhart's credentials, it's hard to imagine any girl saying no. It's all up to what Mr. Everhart decides
AQUMS
Orion finished his wine in one gulp. He swept a casual glance at Lemira, who was looking down, her expression hidden from him.
He knew he was doing something cruel. But if she found out who he really was, it would be a thousand times more cruel.
It's better to nip any potential issues
in the bud, Orion thought Lemira
deserved a more exciting life. The happiness she sought was something he couldn't give, nor did he have the right to. 
With just a fleeting look, Orion's mind raced through countless
thoughts, his lips curling into al net
nonchalant smile, "Who knows, it's all about chemistry." 
Lucian continued, "I happen to know quite a few eligible socialites, beautiful and leggy, around your age. Interested in meeting any of them?" Lemira's eyelashes fluttered, and she spoke firmly, "No need for that!"
###Chapter 149
After Lemira spoke, everyone looked complex.
Lifting her gaze to meet Orion's, Lemira summoned all her courage to hold his stare. Orion's lips were a thin, cold line, his usually relaxed hand now clenched slightly, betraying a hint of timidity. For all his life, fear was foreign to him, but in this moment, Lemira's thoughts were an enigma he couldn't decipher.
Lucian was specially taken aback, "Lemmy, what do you mean by that? Why is there no need?"
He felt there was every need! It's crucial to prevent Lemira from getting entangled with this man! If this guy was after money, with ulterior motives, Lucian needed to know how to handle him. Lemira replied with a calm demeanor, "Lucian, don't play matchmaker so casually. You weren't this nosy before. Mr. Everhart, being the catch that he is, doesn't need your matchmaking services." Lucian could only nod in agreement, "Alright, your word is law. I was just looking out for Mr. Everhart, seeing as he's a friend of yours. No harm meant."
Thaddeus snorted. Only a fool would buy that explanation. Clearly, Lucian's attempt to set Orion up was a ploy to test the waters.
But it inadvertently aligned with Orion's reasons for coming back, making things easier for him.
Lucian returned to his seat, "Lemon had a bit of a fallout with the family recently, and you here were kind enough to look out for her, Mr. Everhart. I'm grateful for that and will return the favor should you need anything." "No need for such formalities."
Orion poured himself a glass of red wine and took a few sips. He wasn't much of a drinker, yet at this moment, he felt an urge to indulge.
His gaze inadvertently fell on Lemira, who was sitting primly, her long hair cascading down her shoulders, her fair skin highlighting her serene presence. Orion allowed himself only a glance before quickly averting his eyes, feeling an unexplained irritation.
The dinner ended quietly.
The rest of the company staff, aside from the main characters, dared not speak up, let alone offer toasts. Their status didn't grant them such liberties. Lemira stood up to leave the room, her thoughts elsewhere as she walked ahead.
Lucian trailed behind, deliberately walking beside Orion, and started, "Tonight's on me, as a token of appreciation for looking after my sister, Mr. Everhart." 
Orion strolled leisurely, "If you know she's important, avoid actions that would hurt her."
"Lemira's my sister. I'm the last person in this world who would hurt her."
"But you're also the one most likely to let her get hurt." Orion's gaze was icy, "You know that better than anyone, I believe." Lucian was slightly irritated, "And you don't have any right to look after her, what are you? What do you take my sister for?" Orion's Adam's apple bobbed sightly, "A friend."
Hearing the response behind her, Lemira tugged her lips, her expression somewhat forlorn.
Yes, just a friend. Quickening her pace down the stairs, Lemira felt her emotions in turmoil.
The cool breeze outside offered her a moment of clarity.
"Lemmy, come home with me," Lucian pleaded earnestly, looking at Lemira. "I promise, things will be different from now on."
Out of the corner of her eye, Lemira saw Orion approaching, his stride confident and his figure tall. Her heartbeat inexplicably quickened. 
BUMS
Thaddeus pulled up to the curb, rolling down the car window, "Sweet Lemon, time to head out."
Without hesitation, Lemira turned and walked towards Thaddeus' car.
Lucian did not ready to give up, "Lemmy."
Orion stepped in front of Lucian, eyes downcast, his expression
utterefferent, "Perhaps, you.
should learn to respect her choices." 
BUMS
###Chapter 150
"What do you know? I'm just not comfortable with her living out there by herself, it's just human nature! And you, a guy with a questionable background being so nice to her, I find you the most suspicious!" Lucian's face twisted in discomfort.
Orion's gaze was cold and distant, "She'd rather go with someone of questionable background like me than return to the Langston family. Don't you think that's something you should ponder?"
After saying that, he headed towards Thaddeus' car and got into the passenger seat.
Lemira was seated in the back. She turned her head to look at Lucian outside, "I can manage on my own."
"Lemmy." Lucian couldn't finish his sentence before he started coughing violently, his hands covered in blood.
Seeing the blood, Lemira pressed her lips together, "You shouldn't have been drinking."
"Lemmy, I really..." Lucian collapsed in front of the car.
Lemira immediately got out, "Lucian, are you alright?"
Hogan rushed over, clearly worried, "Ms. Langston, the boss actually never got treated at the hospital. He insisted on leaving once he knew you were heading to the branch office. No convincing would hold him back. His condition is quite serious." Lemira was visibly annoyed, "Then he should have stayed in the hospital!"
Why did he leave for her? She never asked Lucian to do that.
"The boss is stubborn, I couldn't persuade him. Maybe you could try talking to him once we get to the hospital, Ms. Langston."
Hogan had the driver help Lucian into the car, and then came back looking pitifully at Lemira, "Ms. Langston, let's go to the hospital together."
Lemira stood still, "I'm not a doctor. What's the use of me going?"
Thaddeus saw the blood on the ground and couldn't help saying, "Maybe we should all go check on him?"
That finally got Lemira to nod, "Sorry to trouble you."
"It's no trouble, we're not busy anyway, let's go together."
Thaddeus could tell Lemira was hesitant, after all, Lucian was her brother. If he was really sick, she had to see him.
After getting in the car, Lemira remained silent.
Orion looked back at her, "Don't feel guilty, his illness isn't your fault."
"I know, I'll just visit and leave."
Lemira felt conflicted and annoyed.
Thaddeus glanced in the rearview mirror, "Sweet Lemon, even though he's your brother, don't forgive him too easily. The way they treated you in the past shouldn't just be brushed aside." 
"I know, I won't go back."
Deep down, Lemira knew she couldn't forgive them. She wouldn't mix things up. When they arrived at the hospital, Lucian was taken for an examination.
The doctor sighed as he looked at Lemira, "He left without treatment last time, and now he's been last time, a
drinking. It's like he's on a path to self-destruction. It could eventually lead to stomach cancer." 
Lemira, looking at the X-rays, remembered Lucian had stomach issues in the past but always managed them well. It shouldn't have gotten this bad.
She left the doctor's office and saw Orion waiting outside. She approached him: "Where's Thaddeus?"
"Went to the restroom. What did the doctor say?"
"The doctor said he needs to undergo treatment and take care of himself properly, or it could turn into stomach cancer."
Lemira felt down. Orion knew she was actually very kind-hearted, or she wouldn't have come to the hospital.
He hesitated, "What do you plan to do?"
"I don't know."
Lemira looked up at the man in front of her, "You got a girlfriend already?"
###Chapter 151
Lemira stood before him, just inches away. Orion avoided her gaze, "Not exactly."
"So, it's not official?"
His response was vague, "Something like that."
Lemira's heart sank as she heard his admission. It's true then. She had even thought, perhaps Orion was making it up to avoid being set up by Lucian with some girl. Gathering her strength, she asked, "Is it the girl you were with at the restaurant?"
She had seen them once, Orion and a girl dining out together. She hadn't gotten a good look at the girl, just that she was tall and likely very attractive.
Orion's Adam's apple bobbed, "Didn't peg you for the gossip type."
"Just curious. You said you were single before, and suddenly there's news. Can't I ask?"
Lemira's words didn't completely match her feelings.
At that moment, Lucian wheeled out after the examination, looking quite pale.
Seeing Lucian like this, she said with an unfamiliar coldness, "The doctor said you need to start treatment, take your medication on time, and lay off the booze."
"Look at my memory, always forgetting. When you were around, you'd remind me to take my meds. Now that you're not home, I often forget."
Lucian's words were laden with hidden meanings, and he could see that there was still a soft spot for him in Lemira's heart. If his illness could bring her back, he'd rather stay sick forever.
A hint of sarcasm was played on Lemira's lips, "You could ask Evelina to remind you. She seems quite fond of doing that kind of thing."
Lucian was choked on it, "I think those nutritious dish you used to make were really effective, but only you know how to make them. I know you've done a lot for me in the past, and it's my fault." "But that's not medicine. It won't help."
Lemira knew what Lucian was implying but refused to engage further. She looked at Lucian, "Just focus on your treatment. I'm leaving."
"Lemmy, will you come to see me again?" Lucian's voice was full of earnest hope.
Lemira felt a twinge of softness but remembered seeing Evelina here last time. She calmly refused, "We'll see."
With that, Lemira left, not lingering in the hospital. Lucian watched her go, then saying to Hogan, "Do you think Lemmy is starting to forgive me?" 
Hogan thought that Ms. Langston probably didn't feel that way.
Winning back his sister seemnet
QUMS
long and difficult road for the boss. 
---
Lemira went back at her apartment, and Thaddeus rushed ahead, "I gotta hit the bathroom, running ahead. Take your time."
Lemira and Orion walked behind. She glanced over, "Can't believe that's Thaddeus' company? Are you involved too?" "Yeah, got in through the connections."
As they stepped into the elevator together, Lemira, feeling agitated, noticed their reflections on the door.
She could smell the alcohol on him, "You didn't answer my earlier question."
Orion adjusted his collar, his gaze intense, "What question?"
"About the girl you're seeing. The one from the restaurant?"
Suddenly, he stepped closer, his presence overwhelming, "Why do you need to know everything?"
Caught off guard by his intensity, Lemira stumbled backward until her back hit the elevator wall. She bit her lip, "Like I said, I was just asking. Can't I do that?" 
"Adult things aren't for kids to worry about."
"But I am an adult. I can date in college," Lemira stood her ground, her eyes reflecting his figure.
Orion frowned deeply, "You're still young."
"I'm of age. How am I young?"
Irritated for reasons he couldn't explain, he flicked Lemira's forehead, "There's more to college than dating."
Lemira covered her forehead. He's dating. Why should he restrict her?
Then, the elevator doors opened. Lemira turned and ran out.
###Chapter 152
Orion stepped out of the elevator, catching the sight of her slamming the door shut behind her.
He rubbed his temples. It had been a while since he indulged in booze, and his head was spinning slightly.
Back in his apartment next door, Thaddeus was lounging on the couch, scrolling through his phone. He looked up as Orion entered, "You're back. How did it go?" "What do you mean, 'how did it go'?"
"Don't play dumb with me. You mentioned having a girlfriend during dinner, and Sweet Lemon didn't take it too well. Don't tell me you didn't notice."
Pouring himself a glass of water, Orion leaned against the counter, swirling the liquid slowly, "Once she starts college, she'll forget all about today."
Seeing the world would help her grow. All he could do was watch her go.
Thaddeus gave Orion a look, "Hopefully."
But he sensed something about Orion's demeanor seemed off.
Orion cared about Lemira more than he let on. Perhaps even Orion himself hadn't realized that his feelings had started to change.
---
In the days that followed, Lemira felt awkward around Orion.
After all, she did like him a bit. But he was already involved with someone else.
She was now fairly certain that her online crush from the past life wasn't Orion. Even though they shared the same username in the game, they were not the same person.
Lemira thought about her past life's secret online crush, who would appear in the game in less than half a month. She decided she could try to "accidentally" meet this person from her past life.
So, every afternoon till evening, she would log on right on time to play, for that was how she encountered that man in her previous life.
However, after a few days, she hadn't come across that name. During her live streams in the evening, Lemira noticed her fans asking about the finals. [Goddess Lemon, are you going to the finals?]
[If SkyBlaze doesn't have you, they'll probably be knocked out in the first round.]
[If the Langston family is being so unfair, let that fake angel go to the finals! Goddess Lemon isn't someone who can be summoned and dismissed at will!] Glancing at the time, Lemira realized the finals were tomorrow. She hadn't planned on participating, so she hadn't kept track of the date.
Noticing names like Lucian and
Alaric among her top fans, she knew they were online, watching her live stream. Perhaps the questions from her fans were deliberately planned. 
Lemira spoke calmly, "I don't intend to participate in this competition, but I will definitely be in the next one."
It's better to make things clear early to avoid trouble. After her announcement, she noticed Alaric had left the stream. Hopefully, Alaric would come to his senses.
Meanwhile, Alaric stormed out of the live stream, his emotions a mix of frustration and disappointment.
It was only at that moment he truly
realized Lemira wasn't coming back for the competition. He had always held onto some hope, believing Lemira wouldn't abandon the Langston family's honor. After all, that had always been important to her. 
Even in the last playoff, Lemira had returned to compete.
He had convinced himself that Lemira was just throwing a tantrum and would eventually show up for the finals. But he was wrong this time. Alaric, half amused and half despairing, turned to Lucian, "Lucian, what should I do now?"
"Alaric, I told you before, your apology lacked sincerity, and you kept picking on her, insulting her. If I were her, I wouldn't forgive you either." "But I've always talked to Lemira like that, ever since we were kids, and she never got mad. Why does she suddenly change?"
Alaric was puzzled, "When we fought
before, it was just because I couldn't let go of my pride as her older.
brother. She's my sister; how could I ever really want to hurt her?' 
en FindNovel
QUMS
When someone at the branch office had attacked Lemira, hadn't he rushed to her defense immediately? He just never said it out loud. Why couldn't Lemira see that?
"Alaric, what's your plan for the competition?"
"I'll talk to Asher. He'll definitely find a way to get Lemira to compete!"
###Chapter 153
Alaric couldn't help but think that way. After all, the entire Langston family relied on Asher. When Asher spoke, no one dared to disobey. And that included Lemira. He remembered how Lemira was terrified of Asher and would never go against his wishes. Lucian was so frustrated he felt a stomach ache coming on, "What am I supposed to say to you? Acting like this, you're only pushing Lemmy further away!"
Lemira wasn't just throwing a tantrum right now!
"But what can I do? We haven't found a decent gunner yet, and without her, we're definitely going to lose tomorrow's game!"
Alaric didn't want to lose the game! Only now did he realize that he truly might have lost Lemira.
"You can't just force her! Is a game more important than your sister? By doing this, you're only going to lose her. Think about it."
Alaric finally lowered his head, somewhat reluctantly, "Can't Lemira just understand me this once? She knows how important this game is to me, yet she keeps using it to threaten me."
"Losing the game doesn't matter, but if you let Asher pressure her, you'll lose her for good. Is the game more important than your sister?"
Lucian closed his eyes, not wanting to say more. Every conversation with Alaric lately seemed to frustrate him. He now understood how Lemira felt.
Alaric stood still, his mind in turmoil, before turning and leaving the hospital room. He found Hogan, "Does Lucian know where Lemira is staying now?" "Mr. Alaric Langston, what do you want with Ms. Langston?"
"To make amends."
Alaric had finally come to realize that Lemira was different from before, something he had always refused to admit.
After some thought, Hogan gave Alaric an address, hoping Mr. Alaric Langston truly understood where he went wrong. Alaric went straight to the apartment complex, knowing only that Lemira lived there but not the specific unit.
He waited outside for a long time, only messaging Lemira after her livestream ended. But upon opening the chat, Alaric realized Lemira had already removed him as a friend. 
en FindNovel
It dawned on him then, maybe Lucian was right. Was he really so off the mark?
Alaric sent a friend request, adding a note: [Lemmy, I'm waiting downstairs. After all this time, let's talk.]
Just off her live stream, Lemira saw a new friend request pop up. Opening it, she saw Alaric's name and profile picture.
Was Alaric getting desperate because of tomorrow's final? She glanced at it and decided to ignore the request.
Walking out of the study, Lemira saw Orion on the balcony on a call, his profile stark against the dim light, looking deep and handsome. Holding her glass, she approached slowly, noticing his tender expression and caring tone.
She thought of the girl Orion had been seeing. Was he talking to her right now?
Suddenly, Lemira felt incredibly down. She sipped her lemonade to soothe her throat, and her phone displayed another message.
She opened the app to see Alaric's friend request again: [If you don't come down, I'll stay here all night. If the paparazzi spot me, your life here won't be peaceful anymore] 
Lemira was annoyed. She knew Alaric was a tabloid regular, always followed by paparazzi for scoops. But she didn't want her tranquil life disturbed. After some thought, Lemira decided to go down after all.
"Where are you going?"
As Lemira was changing her shoes at the entrance, Orion's voice came from behind. She looked up to see him returning from the balcony, his figure imposing. 
Noticing his gentle demeanor, a sour feeling welled up inside her. Lemira, feeling awkward, looked down, "Alaric's downstairs. He said he wants to talk."
"He asked you to get down and you just listened?" Orion furrowed his brows, "He's obviously just trying to plead his case for tomorrow's match."
###Chapter 154
"I kinda figured as much."
"Well, if you knew, there was no need for you to go down there."
His tone was domineering, almost like a command.
A rebellious streak surged within Lemira, her lips pressed slightly, "I'll be right back, don't wait up." After that, she closed the door behind her. Orion watched her leave, his gaze lingering on the door. He massaged his temples in frustration. Was she throwing a tantrum against him? He moved to the balcony for a better view of the building's entrance. Sure enough, there stood Alaric, standing next to his car.
Orion rested his hand on the railing, his eyes fixed on the entrance.
It wasn't long before Lemira came into view, her figure small and her pace slow. After watching her for a moment, Orion turned back into the room. Lemira's emotions were a whirlwind. Had she been too obvious? She couldn't help but glance back at the apartment, only to find the balcony now empty.
Feeling a pang of disappointment, she forced herself to look away. She couldn't afford to dwell on Orion now. It wasn't right.
Adjusting her feelings, Lemira approached the complex's entrance where Alaric was waiting, leaning against the car door.
"What do you want to say?" She walked over, expressionless, "I don't have all day."
Alaric gave Lemira a long look, reluctantly acknowledging the changes in her. His tone was stiff, "I admit, I wasn't the best to you in the past. I didn't consider your feelings in handling some things, and I made you feel aggrieved." A hint of surprise crossed Lemira's eyes, "It's rare to see the day you'd apologize so sincerely. Are you done?"
"I just want to know what you're thinking. I thought our past disagreements were minor, not enough to affect anything else."
Lemira scoffed, "Alaric, if you think a few light apologies can erase everything that happened before and somehow morally obligate me, I advise you quit it."
"That's not what I mean."
"I know what you mean. You think because you've apologized, I should put the team first and join the finals."
Her gaze was cold and distant, "But let me be clear. I won't be participating in the finals."
Alaric panicked, "But you always cared about the team's success. You supported me in starting this team, and now that we've made it to the national finals for the first time, you're quitting?" en FindNovel
He couldn't believe Lemira would give up this opportunity. She used to care so much.
Lemira's eyes were filled with scorn, "Stop pretending. If Evelina wasn't so terrible at gaming and if you had found a suitable gunner, you wouldn't be here begging. Let's be honest with each other, shall we?" 
Alaric's lips were parted, "It's not like that."
"You're only interested in the benefit. You only care about the team's success. As to others, you don't care the least." Lemira had long seen through Alaric.
She hadn't wanted to confront it before. But now, if they were speaking plainly, she wanted to set the record straight.
Alaric nearly lost his balance, his
voice tinged with hysteria, "I care et
about more than just winning. kcare about you. A team without you isn't what I envisioned at all!"
He remembered his initial reason for forming the team was his sister, a detail he'd lost sight of over time. Now that Lemira was leaving, he realized it might be too late. "Lemmy, can't you give the team another chance?" And give him another chance?
###Chapter 155
Lemira's expression was ice-cold, "No."
She had no desire to look back. Nor did she wish to return to the team, to live the life she once had. Alaric seemed to falter, his face turning pale, unable to utter another word.
Lucian had been right. He had his chances to make amends, but ultimately, he failed to seize them. Entering the complex, Lemira didn't immediately head upstairs. Instead, she wandered around there.
She remembered the injustice she faced in her past life on the team, and this time, she had paid it all back. She was determined not to join the finals!
Since Alaric had replaced her in her past life, giving the chance to win to Evelina, then in this life, she would cut off Alaric's chance to win.
Looking up at the sky, Lemira vowed not to repeat the same mistakes.
"Hey, lady, you seem down."
Suddenly, a middle-aged man appeared beside her, eyeing Lemira with ill intent, "How about coming over to my place for a drink?" "No need."
Lemira, wary, declined and turned to walk towards more crowded areas.
"Come on, pretty lady, don't go. I know where you live. Are those two guys keeping you? How much are they paying you? I'll double it."
Lemira quickened her pace, running towards the outside, her pursuer's breath heavy behind her. A chill ran down Lemira's spine, not expecting a mere walk to turn into an encounter with a creep. Suddenly, someone grabbed her hand, causing her to scream.
"Lemira!" Orion held her hand, pulling her into his embrace, "What's wrong?"
Opening her eyes, Lemira saw him. She instinctively looked towards the dark path of the small garden, but no one was there.
She calmed herself and said, "Some creep was harassing me."
"Where?"
"Over there, but he seems to have backed off."
Probably because he saw Orion, the man had chickened out.
Orion, seeing her pale face, sighed, "I told you not to come down here alone."
Lemira, still shaken, replied, "How was I to know I'd be so unlucky?"
She then realized she was in his arms and awkwardly stepped back to maintain distance.
Orion withdrew his hand, asking, "Should we call the cops?"
"Yeah, let's call the cops."
At that moment, an elderly lady chimed in, "That path's camera has a blind spot: People have called the cops before, but they never caught anyone. Sweetheart, you shouldn't wander alone at night in deserted places. It's dangerous." 
Lemira nodded, not expecting such an ordeal.
Orion's eyes flashed coldly, but he quickly returned to his usual demeanor, "Let's head back first."
Lemira no longer wished to stay outside, feeling as if eyes were still on her.
As she went back in the apartment, sitting on the couch, her mind replayed the moments earlier. "Have some hot chocolate."
Lemira saw a pair of slender hands offering her the warm cup, took it over and said softly, "Thanks."
Orion, seeing her pale face, spoke gently, "I get to the bottom of this creep issue. As long as there are people, they leave traces. There's no such thing as a blind spot in this world." 
If Lemira was to continue living here, it was imperative to eliminate any potential threats.
Lemira looked up, "You mean hack into the surveillance system?"
"Kid, don't mix up TV dramas with reality.
with a serious tone. "What you need now is to get some rest." C belongs to FindNovel
Love hat's illegal," Orion lecture&
Swontent
Lemira hesitated, "But that man knows where I live, and about you guys."
She omitted the part about being accused of being kept by men. It wasn't true, after all.
Orion's expression darkened considerably, not expecting someone to be so audacious. He spoke calmly, "Tonight, you'll stay here." Lemira nodded, "I can sleep on the couch."
Orion frowned, "You take my room, I'll sleep on the couch."
His room? Lemira's heartbeat skipped, "Isn't Thaddeus coming back?"
###Chapter 156
The apartment was a modest two-bedroom with no spare rooms to speak of.
"His room is basically a disaster zone, I'd advise against even thinking about it."
Lemira immediately dropped the idea, "Actually, I'm fine with the couch. It doesn't take up much space."
"I ask you to sleep there, just do it. I've got some work tonight anyway, might not hit the sack."
Orion seemed a bit uneasy, but he masked it well.
Finally, Lemira went next door to grab some clean clothes, with Orion waiting at the door.
When Lemira emerged with her clothes, seeing Orion standing there instantly filled her with a sense of security.
She entered his master bedroom, which was simple and clean. Orion came in with a fresh blanket, "Use this one." "Sure."
After placing the blanket down, Orion made his way straight to the bedroom door; it wasn't appropriate for him to stay with only the two of them there.
She glanced at him, then back towards the door. Orion stood by the door, his body half-turned, the hallway light casting a long shadow behind him.
His gaze was profound, "Get some sleep, call me if you need anything." After that, he closed the door behind him.
Lemira stood there, noticing his bedroom was sparsely furnished. She gazed around the place and found Orion actually was neat, debunking the rumors of him being just another messy guy. After showering and getting changed, lying in bed, she caught the scent of the blanket.
Her feeling was subtle, hard to describe. Breathing in, she could smell something reminiscent of Orion's own scent.
It felt as if he was right there, holding her, causing Lemira's cheeks to warm considerably. She poked her head out, taking deep breaths, trying to clear her mind of such thoughts. Lemira thought she'd struggle to sleep, yet she drifted off quickly, perhaps feeling unusually safe.
Outside, Orion headed to his study.
He booted up his computer, switching systems with a voice cold and stern, "Haven't found that creep yet?"
"We did. Damn it, he's living right in our building!"
Thaddeus' voice came through, "This freak's been stealing people's laundry and even has a telescope on his balcony!"
Orion's face was livid, "Which floor?"
"Sending you the location now. Give that jerk a piece of my mind too!"
Orion shut down his computer and after sending a message, went back to the bedroom. He lingered for a moment, and then left the
ΛΟ
apartment. 
Outside, a line of men in black, all wearing white gloves, baseball caps, and masks stood in silence.
Orion, blending into the darkness, led them up the elevator, his
well-defined face expressionless. One of his men used a magnetic
card to unlock a door, which directly opened. 
en FindNovel
Walking inside, Orion heard o*** noises from the study and after entering the room, found a middle-aged man watching p***.
The man, caught at the c***, panicked at the sight of the intruders, "W-Who are you?"
Orion turned, signaling with a lift of his hand. His men behind entered the study, closing the door behind them.
Orion stood on the balcony, gazing at the night sky, a coldness touching his lips. Eventually, the study door opened.
Orion then stepped inside, finding the middle-aged man bruised and kneeling, begging, "Look, man, did I offend you somehow? If it's money you want, you can have everything in my safe." 
en FindNovel
Orion, towering over him, his gaze icy cold. The chill spread over the man's back, silencing him.
Orion, donning his gloves, patted the man's cheek, "What was that about me keeping a sugar baby? Short memory?" Lemira's unfinished words, he had figured it out.
###Chapter 157
Orion stood in the dimly lit study, his silhouette blending into the darkness.
He knew what Lemira had been through, and the spark of anger in his heart ignited in an instant. Someone dared to harbor vile thoughts towards the one he cherished.
The middle-aged man finally remembered it, hurriedly begging for mercy, "I just have a big mouth. I apologize, it wasn't intentional."
Who could have imagined these two young men would be so influential! Their demeanor suggested they were far from ordinary. The watch Orion wore had been out of production for years, something money couldn't buy. The middle-aged man regretted stepping out tonight more than anything.
Orion stood up, a scornful smile playing on his lips, "If apologies were enough, what would we need the police for?"
"Can I personally apologize to her, then?"
"You're too repulsive to even appear before her. There's only one option for you now: turn yourself in at the police station. You'll find it's the easiest way out."
After saying this, Orion turned and left the study. His aura was filled with defiance as he returned to the living room downstairs.
After washing the blood off his hands, he quietly opened the door to the master bedroom, instinctively stepping inside. But he stopped after a few steps, not wanting his negative energy to come too close to her. From a distance, Orion watched Lemira sleep, and just watching her for a while, his raging emotions began to settle.
He withdrew his gaze and quietly left the room.
The next day, Lemira got out of bed, yawning. She had slept fairly well. After changing out of her pajamas, she stepped out of the bedroom and noticed a blanket on the couch, but Orion was nowhere to be seen. "Awake?" Orion emerged from the study, his gaze profound.
Lemira cleared her throat, "Yeah, you probably didn't sleep well last night, right?"
The couch seemed too short for his height; it must have been uncomfortable.
"I didn't sleep much."
Now dressed in a crisp white shirt, Orion shared, "The guy from last night was caught."
"Really?"
Lemira was somewhat incredulous, "That's fast. Wasn't that area supposed to be a blind spot for surveillance?"
She looked at the man before her, wondering if he had done something last night. Catching her gaze, Orion turned his head slightly, "He's unlucky this time, left a trail. 
se
QUMS
Lemira sighed in relief, "That's good. Otherwise, I'd be scared to walk around the neighborhood at night."
There must have been other victims in the neighborhood besides her. With that scum caught, the area would be safer.
Then, Lemira's phone rang, "Ms.
Then, there's a national finales
today, and we have a guest event at PixelStage. Could you come and take a look?" 
"To the event?"
"Yes, I've sent the e-ticket to your phone. If you're free, come and check it out."
After hanging up, she looked at Orion, "PixelStage sent me a ticket, asking if I want to watch the competition today."
"Do you want to go?"
Lemira smiled, "Of course, why not!" She was a special guest, after all.
Seeing her smile, Orion felt relieved she wasn't affected by last night's incident.
During lunch, Orion was constantly replying to messages. Noticing this, Lemira casually asked, "Are you messaging that girl?" Orion paused, looking up at her, "So interested in my love life?"
"Just asking."
Lemira lowered her gaze, feeling guilty, "Is she local? How did she meet you?"
Orion remained silent, observing her calmly. Her heart sank, "Fine, don't tell me. I won't ask again."
Suddenly, Lemira lost her appetite. Putting down the utensil, she stood up, "It's almost the time. I should head out now to avoid traffic."
Before leaving, Orion spoke softly, "Remember not to be too soft-hearted."
Looking at his handsome face, Lemira thought of him messaging earlier and felt somewhat disappointed, "I won't be soft-hearted. Being soft-hearted towards men is being cruel myself." 
###Chapter 158
Grabbing her purse, she was off.
Orion watched her leave, a smile playing at the corner of his lips. "Who's she talking about?" he mused.
Leisurely, he pulled out his phone, shooting a text to Thaddeus. [Less gossip, less hassle.]
Bright and early, Thaddeus had been bombarding him with messages.
---
Lemira exited the apartment building via the elevator.
Right at the entrance, she overheard a group of elderly men and women discussing, "That creep finally got caught, heard he got a good beating."
"Serves him right. If I were there, I'd have given him a couple of kicks myself. That nutcase harassed my granddaughter once."
Hearing this, Lemira couldn't help but beam as she hailed a cab to the gaming event.
Upon her arrival, the venue was swarmed with traffic, fans seemingly more abundant than at the playoff.
She spotted the banners of various teams, including posters of the captains. Her eyes landed on a poster of Matthew, captain of the Reapers. In her past life, during the finals, he suddenly withdrew, robbing her of the chance to face him. Deep down, Lemira felt a tinge of regret. She believed that if he hadn't withdrawn, SkyBlaze wouldn't have stood a chance at winning the championship.
Even with her good skills, facing off against a top team was a different ball game.
"Hey goddess, thought you wouldn't make it to this match."
Jessica was decked out in Reapers merch, clearly a fan of this team.
Lemira smiled, "Wasn't planning to, but PixelStage invited me over as a special guest. Got premium seats too. Couldn't pass it up."
PixelStage had handed her two tickets, so she invited Jessica to join.
Suddenly, a wave of screams from fans erupted from the roadside. Lemira looked up to see SkyBlaze's coach rolling in. Fans quickly surrounded it.
There, Lemira spotted Alaric leading
the way and even Evelina was among the team. Seemed like Alaric
really couldn't find anyone else, resorting to Evelina as a backup.
en FindNovel
Evelina, basking in the fans' attention, wore a smug expression, clearly enjoying the moment. She
even received gifts from fans, brightening her mood further 
"Is your sister Lemira really sitting out today's match?"
"Without Lemira on the team, how confident are you about today's match?" Alaric's expression soured when he heard the reporters mentioned Lemira.
With a cool demeanor, he replied, "Team adjustments are normal. About this match, everyone's going to give it their all. As for the gunner role, I have full faith in Eve. It's not just about skill, but also the synergy among family." 
Evelina, standing by, flashed a grin, "I've learned from past mistakes. I'll do my best this time."
"Lemira's here!" somebody shouted, and instantly, the crowd of reporters and fans shifted towards her.
Suddenly, Alaric's side was left deserted.
A fan approached Evelina, "Sorry, this gift was meant for Goddess Lemira. I got it mixed up."
Evelina, infuriated, tossed the gift back. She didn't care for it anyway.
Meanwhile, Lemira hadn't expected to be cornered by reporters. She wasn't keen on being interviewed, especially right before the match.
But now, there was no escaping.
"Ms. Langston, are you really sitting out this match?"
"Without you as the gunner, how do you rate SkyBlaze's chances?"
Lemira glanced at Alaric and Evelina across the way, speaking calmly, "I'd say their chances are zero."
###Chapter 159
Lemira's reply rendered the air thick with tension.
The reporters, not expecting Lemira would give them this kind of answer, was caught off guard, thinking how she behaved without considering their feelings.
And Alaric? He was seething, unable to fathom how Lemira could so blatantly underestimate his capabilities.
Evelina jumped in, "Lemmy, how could you say that? The game hasn't even started yet. Our team has been giving it our all. You can't just dismiss us because you think you've got a natural talent for this."
Alaric's face was a mask of barely concealed fury, stunned by Lemira's blunt dismissal. But Lemira just curled her lips up coldly, "I was just kidding. Don't take it so seriously."
Evelina pressed on, "Lemmy, walking away from the game is one thing, but raining on our parade is another."
"I'm just looking out for you guys. I don't want you getting too cocky before the match and then s*** up when it matters."
As Lemira spoke, she glanced at the reporters, "After all, Alaric's right about one thing - it's not just about raw skill. Team dynamics play a huge part. Ms. Sterling and Alaric have a good rapport, enough to bulldoze through any challenge and crush the opposition." Alaric's expression soured. He knew Lemira was mocking him.
Evelina couldn't swallow the jibe, "Lemmy, did you just come here to gloat?"
"Nope, I'm here as a special guest. Otherwise, I wouldn't have bothered."
Right then, a fan put a gift in Lemira's hand, "Goddess Lemira, we're your fans. We made these figures for you."
Lemira didn't think the fans would be so enthusiastic, overwhelmed by the gesture, "Thank you, everyone."
She was soon swarmed by fans wanting pictures, leaving Evelina standing awkwardly to the side, without a single fan in sight. Her eyes reddened with exasperation, "Alaric, look at Lemmy. Today's supposed to be about our game, about us being the stars!" But the moment Lemira appeared, she stole all the limelight.
Remembering Lemira's words from
the night before, Alaric wanted
l.ne
nothing more than to leave, his back
forlam. Evelina had no choice but to
let it go, fuming silently.
It took Lemira half an hour to make her way out of the crowd, waving off her fans, "You guys head to the game. We don't want to be late."
Grabbing her hand, Jessica led the way ahead, "Told you you should've worn a mask. Got a taste of fan fever, huh?"
"I didn't really think it through."
As Lemira entered the venue, she noticed the crowd. She knew the team they were about to watch was known for their skill, especially their calm and collected captain.
Alaric was known for his fiery
temper, a slight misstep and the opponent would easily exploit his weakness. In her past life, Lemira had endured plenty of Alaric's wrath to secure a win in this very game. 
She was curious to see, without her in the lineup and Evelina taking her place, who would manage to keep Alaric in check!
"Here, Lemmy, got us some popcorn and sodas."
Lucian appeared out of nowhere,
balancing two persons' snacks and drinks in his hands. He settled next to Lemira, "It's gonna be a long game. Might as well snack on something." 
Lemira glanced over, "Lucian, instead of lounging here, maybe you should figure out how to prevent the squad from getting totally creamed." "Alaric had this coming. It's on him, no others to be blamed. Maybe it's time he learned his lesson."
Lucian wasn't hopeful about the game's outcome.
Without Lemira, and with Evelina's less-than-stellar skills, victory was a long shot.
Jessica, caught off guard by Lucian shoving popcorn into her hands, was left awkwardly holding the snack, unsure of what to do next.
###Chapter 160
She couldn't help but blurt out, "Honestly, SkyBlaze splurging on a new gunner wouldn't have been an issue. Why push Evelina into this? It's like heading straight for disaster. Everyone saw Evelina's dismal performance in the last match." Lemira's lips curled slightly, "Because they're thicker than water, that's why."
Lucian choked on her words, equally puzzled about Alaric's reasoning. To spite Lemira, maybe?
The match kicked off shortly after.
Watching the game unfold, Lemira knew SkyBlaze was headed for a brutal loss. As expected, Alaric's patience snapped, gearing up for an offensive play.
But Evelina was just not keeping up, even risking their hideout. Every attempt at targeting the enemy missed by a mile.
Alaric exploded, "Evelina, what the heck is going on? Weren't you supposed to hit them? Are you blind? They're right there and you still miss!"
"I'm doing my best here. They've got me pinned."
Evelina grew frantic, wondering why no one was covering for her.
Soon enough, the opposition closed in.
As they moved, Alaric fumed, "Evelina, I told you to snipe their mage, and you can't land a single hit?"
"I really am trying! They're well-guarded, and you guys aren't covering me."
"You're a gunner; this is your job! If Lemira were here, she'd have nailed it!" the words slipped out before Alaric could stop them.
An awkward silence fell over the team, all privately agreeing that with Lemira, the situation would've been different.
Evelina broke down, "I can't measure
up to Lemmy, but I've been trying so hard. What more do you want from me, Alaric? It's not like you haven't been ambushed yourself." 
"Backtalk now? The last match was way worse than this time, yet Lemira could break through! You say you've got this, but this is how you damn do it?"
Alaric was on the verge of a
breakdown, Had it not been for
Evelina's claiming that she'd put a lot of efforts these days and for her recent promising match records, he might have believed she'd improved significantly. 
Turned out, there was no improvement at all. Alaric was filled with regret. Tears streamed down Evelina's face as she followed the team. In the end, they lost the match, and it wasn't even close.
Alaric slammed his keyboard, a cold glare fixed on Evelina, "You play this badly and still claim you've improved a lot? This is a competition, not a practice session! You're nowhere near Lemira!" en FindNovel
Now, reminiscing about having Lemira around, Alaric realized the team never had to worry about these issues.
Managing the team's affairs single-handedly lately made him appreciate how much Lemira used to handle for him. He had been oblivious.
Without Lemira as their ace, continuing the competition seemed futile.
Evelina froze, shocked that Alaric would vent his frustration in front of so many, comparing her unfavorably to Lemira.
Noticing the live camera pointed at her, she wiped her tears in grievance, "I'm sorry, I really tried my best. I'm so sorry!"
"Crying, always crying! Can tears solve anything?" Alaric was on the brink of madness.
Lifting his gaze, he saw Lemira in the VIP section, his look one of utter defeat.
Without Lemira, he felt powerless. He needed his sister more than ever!
The live broadcast then switched its focus to Lemira.
###Chapter 161
Lemira caught the outcome of the match and wasn't the least bit surprised. It's bound to happen.
Had Alaric not insisted on Evelina being his gunner and perhaps brought in another top-notch player, they might not have faced such a humiliating defeat. Maybe they wouldn't have lost at all. But Alaric had to put Evelina in the game, was it to prove that Evelina alone was enough?
Looked like Alaric hadn't changed one bit. Huh, Lemira cracked a smile, just wondering whether Alaric was actually satisfied with this outcome.
Well, she certainly was.
Back in the previous life, she had worked her fingers to the bone to secure the championship for her team, only to be replaced by Evelina at the last minute, who then clinched the title.
This time, she had stepped down from the competition herself, only to witness Alaric's defeat.
Alaric, up on the stage, didn't look too pleased and made a beeline for the exit.
The victorious team was being interviewed by reporters, and their captain glanced down at Lemira, "This match was a breeze, honestly. We had braced ourselves, thinking we might get knocked out. Never imagined Lemira would sit this one out and hand us the win on a silver platter."
If Lemira had been in the game, with her ability to pull off a twelve-hit combo, their victory was far from certain.
Lemira, sipping on her soda, was handed a microphone by a reporter, "Ms. Langston, any thoughts on today's game?"
"In competitions, you win some, you lose some. But I believe the ultimate champion will definitely bring glory to our country," Lemira offered the cliché.
Standing up, she glanced at Jessica, "I've got to go."
Lucian watched Lemira's retreating figure before heading to the locker room, where he found Alaric in the midst of a tirade.
Evelina was getting an earful and felt utterly wronged. She had performed as well as she could, but the team just wasn't up to par.
Alaric walked over, "Everyone's put in a good effort. Let's get in the car."
As the rest of the team dispersed, Evelina wiped away her tears, "Lucian, I really did try."
"I know, you should head back with them."
Evelina, having no desire to linger, got up and left.
Alaric vented in frustration, "Lucian, do you think Evelina really tried? Her performance wasn't even a tent of
Lemia's. And to think I put my faith
in her!" 
"It's not Eve's fault. You knew her level and still chose her for the competition. You were trying to spite Lemmy, and it backfired."
Alaric felt incredibly stifled,
admitting to himself that provoking
Lemira had been part of his plan, but
he hadn't anticipated Evelina's
dismal showing. 
He had thought Evelina would at least show some improvement. But there was none!
"Alaric, Eve did her best. You can't blame her. It's on you for driving Lemmy away, not anyone else."
Alaric slumped into a chair,
dispirited, "I just couldn't accept Lemira's drastic changes, been always thinking she was merely throwing tantrums." 
"I've reminded you long ago, it's you who didn't believe that. Think about it clearly yourself now." Lucian felt he'd expressed what he should. Alaric sat in the chair, covering his face, his emotions in turmoil. He was finally coming to terms with how life without Lemira seemed to lack something.
After leaving the venue, Lemira found herself surrounded by fans but managed to catch a cab and escape. Back in her apartment, she finally relaxed.
Thaddeus was lounging on the couch, "Sweet Lemon, did today's game feel good to watch?"
###Chapter 162
"It's satisfying."
Lemira walked over and sat down. Despite already knowing the outcome, she found watching the event unfold firsthand exhilarating.
"Hey Sweet Lemon, check this out. Someone did a voiceover for today's game, and it's hilarious!"
Lemira hit play and was immediately greeted by Evelina's foolish gameplay, now accompanied by comedic commentary.
[The fake-angel girl, your trigger finger's slower than your tear ducts!]
[Listen, you're supposed to be a gunner, not a damsel in distress needing protection. Step it up and cover your team!]
After watching, Lemira was amused, "If Evelina sees this, she's definitely going to throw a live streaming pity party." She knew Evelina all too well.
True to form, Evelina quickly announced her intention to sue the video creator for defamation. The debacle of SkyBlaze's loss became the joke of the week within the community, providing endless material for mockery. However, amidst the laughter, Lemira received an accusatory call from Asher, "Lemmy, you skipped the finals? What's up with that? Even if you're upset, you've got to pick your battles!"
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm, "Alaric was the one who barred me from the start. It was his pride that got in the way, leaving him scrambling for a replacement and losing the game!"
"You know how Alaric is, too proud to ask you for help. But couldn't you have been a bit more proactive as his sister?"
Lemira's response was icy as she heard Asher's words, "Proactivity wasn't an option."
With that, she hung up, her mood considerably dampened. This proved one thing: she had been too accommodating in the past, allowing her family to take her for granted, to claim for everything from her. But she was no longer foolish as before.
Having got back for her grievance in the last life, Lemira slept expressly well these days.
Shortly after the finals, the exam results were released. On the day the exam results were due, Lemira couldn't sleep properly, and found herself seated in front of her
computer early in the morning.
swnever
Orion entered with a plate of fruits, "Don't be nervous. Don't you trust your own abilities?"
"It's not that. I just want to see the results."
Even with her second chance at life and knowing many outcomes, the results of this particular exam remained a mystery to her.
Thaddeus came in with a bag of
peanuts, placing them on the table, "Here, snack on these while we wait.
This is actually my first tim
for exam results." 
"You guys never took the exams?" Lemira looked at them curiously.
Orion glanced at Thaddeus before explaining, "We were admitted through scholarships, so we didn't have to take the exams."
"Yep, scholarships, that's right," Thaddeus quickly covered up his slip-up.
To them, it was either a scholarship or studying abroad.
Lemira was instantly impressed, "You guys got into Orvin University on scholarships?"
"Your guess is spot on, Sweet Lemon. You're really sharp!"
"I just didn't expect you guys to be that accomplished!" It's really impressive.
Thaddeus, feeling a bit guilty, changed the subject, "It's about time. Sweet Lemon, why don't you open the webpage now, just to make sure we get through." Lemira didn't press further. Taking a deep breath, she logged onto the website.
As the clock ticked down, she
entered her exam number and password, clicking on the result tab. But when the page loaded, Lemira was confused, "Why doesn't it
show? There're all aste
Could it be a glitch?
###Chapter 163
Lemira was still trying to wrap her head around the situation when Thaddeus' scream pierced through the air.
"Holy smokes, Sweet Lemon, your score got shielded. Damn, let me congratulate you in advance!"
Lemira was a tad bit dazed, her gaze inadvertently falling on Orion next to her, "Does that mean I did pretty well?" "Pretty well? You nailed it!"
Thaddeus immediately snapped a photo, ready to post on Facebook: "Met this awesome girl whose test scores got shielded. Let's all take a break from whatever we're doing and congratulate this hardworking young lady." Orion's lips curved into a slight smile, "Congratulations." His expression was calm, as if Lemira's performance today was no surprise to him.
Only after hearing his praise did Lemira allow herself a radiant smile. She finally understood what her shielded scores signified.
She had truly made it. Getting into Orvin University was now a sure thing!
Lemira stood up, joining Thaddeus in his excitement, then turned and hugged Orion, her cheeks flushing, "I did it!"
Orion's body stiffened slightly, his gaze soft, "Indeed."
Lemira quickly looked down, then acted as if nothing had happened and let go of him, turning to find Thaddeus.
She hoped her actions hadn't attracted Orion's attention. For her, that brief embrace was more than enough.
At her lowest and most desperate moment, he had been there, like a beacon in a stormy night.
Orion watched her and Thaddeus goofing around, a content smile on his face. It felt peculiar, as if a sapling he had tenderly nurtured had finally grown. Soon after, Lemira received a call from her teacher, "Lemira, we've got wind of your score, congratulations, you're the top scorer in the city!" "Top scorer, really?"
"Absolutely. The scores haven't been made
the ove but we could still see
them Your progress has astonished
fus.
Lemira, phone in hand, smiled. Looking up, she saw Orion approaching with a cake. This
moment, she felt, was the happiest
since she had started anewne
"Lemira, come to school tomorrow. We need to discuss your major, and the school would like to feature you in a promotional poster." "Sure."
Lemira hung up, her gaze falling on the cake, which bore the words "Top Scorer". She smiled, "When did you guys plan this?" "Had it delivered first thing in the morning."
Orion placed the cake in front of Lemira and picked up a cap to put on her head. They were very close to each other.
Standing obediently before him,
fet
Lemira suddenly realized how tall Orion was. From her vantage point, she could only see the buttons on his shirt. 
His fingers brushed her hair, and he swallowed hard. Orion stepped back, slightly flustered, "There."
Thaddeus lit the candle in the middle for her, "Make a wish and blow out the candle."
Facing the cake in front, Lemira closed her eyes, and surprisingly, the person who came to mind was Orion.
She made an impossible wish, secretly opening her eyes to blow out the candle.
Orion's voice was deep, "Congratulations on starting your new life."
Thaddeus, ever the gossip, asked, "Spill it, Sweet Lemon, what did you wish for?"
Feeling guilty, Lemira coughed, "If I tell, it won't come true."
She couldn't even dare to glance at Orion. Because she feared that just one look would give her away.
Thaddeus spoke up, "Sweet Lemon, whatever your wish is, just say it, and I'll make it come true!"
###Chapter 164
Lemira blurted out, "I wanna hit a bar tonight."
"Sure thing."
"No way."
Lemira instinctively turned to Orion, her eyes shimmering with a hint of anticipation.
After a moment of silent communication, Orion caved, "Why the sudden urge to hit a bar?"
Lemira's voice was tinged with longing, "Never been to one, so I wanna check it out."
Truth be told, she had never set foot in a bar in this life.
In her previous life, she had visited a bar once, but it left her with a psychological scar. This time around, she wanted to face her fears, to dispel the shadows lingering in her heart. Thaddeus playfully slapped Orion on the chest, "Aw, come on, why be such a party pooper, you tyrant, you meanie!"
Orion's lips twitched, "You better zip it, drama queen!"
Lemira couldn't help but laugh until her stomach hurt. She was genuinely enjoying her life now.
However, she received a message from Lucian soon after. [Lemon, the results are out. How did you do? Did your score get affected?] Lemira scoffed at the message. Clearly, Lucian was aware of the stationery incident and its potential impact on her exam performance. So, nobody was a fool here; it was just that some choose to feign ignorance.
Breaking her usual pattern, Lemira replied; [What do you think?]
[Sorry, Lemmy, what do you want as compensation? I'm here for it. Even if you want to take a gap year, I'll be by your side every day.]
But Lemira didn't respond further.
Lucian, glued to his phone, was in a foul mood. He knew he had affected Lemira's performance, despite her hard work and improved grades in the past few months. Returning to the living room, Lucian found Evelina in tears, all aggrieved.
Zack and Alaric were trying to console her.
Zack said, "Ms. Sterling, your performance dipped because you were sick during the exams. Your real potential is much higher than this."
Alaric chimed in, "Exactly, Eve, don't
beat yourself up. The results don't mean anything. For families like ours average grades won't hinder your future prospects." 
Evelina wiped away her tears in distress, "But Lemmy must have done well, right? I was hoping to attend the same college as her, but now it seems impossible." Without thinking, Alaric blurted out, "She probably didn't do that great. I heard a top student bombed their exam and only scored a hundred points more than you."
A flicker of triumph crossed Evelina's eyes, suggesting Lemira really did suffer because of the substandard stationery.
Lucian, with a stern face, walked
over, "Alaric, are you taking pleasure
in someone else's misfortune? Lemmy is our sister. How does her doing poorly benefit you?" 
"Lucian, that wasn't my intention. I was just trying to comfort Eve."
"Comforting Evelina doesn't mean you have to put Lemmy down, does it?"
After being reprimanded, Alaric realized his mistake and mumbled, "Got it. Won't happen again. But what about Lemira?"
Lucian's expression was grim expression, "What do you think? Anyone would be upset in her place. This is all my fault!" He hadn't managed the situation well.
Evelina, feigning concern, added,
"Lucian, if Lemmy feels bad about her scores and wants to take a gap year, I can do it with her. After we're family, and we should progress together. But given
Lemmy's desire to leave the vel
Langston family, I doubt she'll
consider it." 
Lucian frowned, "That's not up to her. I'll personally see to it that she takes a gap year, taking care of everything for Lemmy until she re-sits the exam." This could also be a chance to mend his relationship with Lemira.
###Chapter 165
Alaric retorted, "Even if Lemira didn't ace her exams, it's not like she needs to take a gap year or something. Her grades are better than most of us here, aside from Rowan. She's pretty much killing it." The progress she made in just a few months was something most people could only dream of.
Evelina was taken aback by Alaric's defense; she looked at him, not expecting him to stand up for Lemira as well.
Lucian had been acting differently, and now Alaric too showed signs of change. A wave of panic swept over Evelina.
She couldn't bear the thought of losing her brothers' favor.
Evelina said uneasily, "I get that Lemmy's grades have shot up, but maybe this sudden improvement isn't stable, you know? That could be why she underperformed."
Lucian was in turmoil, "Isn't your school hosting a seminar on college applications tomorrow, where gap year options are also discussed?"
Evelina nodded, "Exactly."
"Let's check it out tomorrow then."
"Lucian, do you think I should take a gap year too?"
Evelina wasn't really keen on the idea; she found it pointless and much preferred earning through her live streams.
And she had her sights set on entering showbiz through Caspian's production company!
Lucian was calm as ever, "Eve, even at your best, you're not hitting the top tier college mark. No need for a gap year, just go for a major you love in college."
Lucian had made up his mind. He was going to persuade Lemira to consider a gap year.
This time, he was determined not to make any mistakes. Without Evelina around, he wouldn't let Lemira face any injustice.
After saying his piece, Lucian left.
Watching his retreating figure, Evelina bit her lip, frustrated. What was Lucian's speech all about?
It meant she was no match for Lemira? Even if she took a gap year, it wouldn't be as meaningful as if Lemira did.
Alaric seemed to sense the
awkwardness and scratching hisz head, said to Evelina, "Eve, don't take Lucian's words to heart. He's always been extra protective of Lemira, but it'll blow over." 
"Alaric, why would I dwell on it? After all, Lucian's been good to me too. I'm content with what I have."
After putting on an air of
understanding, Evelina turned to Zack, "Is the soup I made for Lucian ready yet? It might not be as good as Lemmy's, but I hope it eases his stomach pain." en FindNovel
"Should be ready in a bit."
Seeing Evelina's mature behavior, Alaric felt a bit relieved, "No worries about the exams, Eve. Let's hit a bar tonight, unwind a bit." "Cool, I'll go upstairs and get changed then. Zack, could you please take the soup up to Lucian later?"
Evelina was excited, turning to head upstairs. But just as she had slipped into her dress, her phone rang.
Glancing at the screen, she saw a number she didn't recognize. It had called a few days ago, but she hadn't picked up.
Evelina figured it was a wrong number and didn't think much of it. Yet, the number called again.
Feeling pretty good, she answered cheerfully, "Hello, who's this?"
"Evie, it's me."
The familiar voice on the other end made her mind go blank. Her hand trembling, she lowered her voice, "Who are you?"
Why did the voice sound exactly like her father's, who had died years ago in a car accident while working as a driver for the Langstons, trying to save Mr. and Mrs. Langston before the vehicle exploded? 
"Evie, it's complicated, and I can't explain everything right now. But I need you to wire me some money, it's urgent."
"Scammers are getting bold, impersonating my deceased father to swindle me? Do I look that gullible?"
###Chapter 166
Evelina hung up the phone, but her emotions were far from settled. It felt as though a storm was raging within her.
Her father had indeed called her "Evie", a name she hadn't heard in years.
Deep down, Evelina harbored a nagging doubt. Her father had been a violent man, prone to taking his frustrations out on her and her mother after losing money in poker games. Eventually, her mother had left, unable to endure any more, and Evelina, being a girl, found life even harder.
Then, one day, her father supposedly died a hero, and she was taken in by the Langstons.
Something about the whole story had never sat right with her. Her father was not the kind of man to put himself at risk for others.
However, Evelina kept these suspicions to herself, fearing that any investigation by the Langstons might s*** her of the luxurious life she had come to enjoy.
So, she chose to forget these oddities and gratefully accepted the Langstons' generosity.
But the call claiming to be from her father had reignited her fears. What if her father was still alive? What really happened in that supposed car accident? She couldn't bear to think about it any longer. The sound of knocking brought her back to reality.
"Eve, you taking ages to change or what?" Alaric's voice came from outside.
Evelina quickly collected herself, "I'm ready."
She decided to block the number and delete the call log, pretending it never happened. It had to be a scam. It wasn't the truth; her father was dead. After regaining her composure, Evelina stepped out of the room, "Let's go, Alaric."
Alaric looked a bit impatient.
Outside the bar.
Lemira got out of the car, following Orion and Thaddeus. The sight of the bar's signboard struck a familiar chord within her. This was the very bar where Evelina had humiliated her in a past life. en FindNovel
What a coincidence.
Orion noticed Lemira's uneasy expression, "What's up? If you don't like this bar, we can go somewhere else."
"No, it's famous, isn't it? Been pretty popular lately."
Thaddeus looked back, "Yeah, this place is buzzing."
Orion gave Lemira a concerned look, "You sure you're okay?"
"With you guys here, what could go wrong?"
Lemira masked her initial disgust. After all, this wasn't her past life, and she wasn't about to let Evelina walk all over her again without fighting back. Gazing at Lemira's back, Orion sometimes found her expressions oddly mature for her age, almost out of place. He wasn't sure if it was simply his delusion.
The three entered the bar. Lemira donned a fox mask, in line with the evening's masquerade theme.
The scene was eerily similar to her past life.
She remembered how Evelina and the school heartthrob Dorian had flirted here, with Dorian staging a confession to get back at her for Evelina.
Back then, her heart had known no love, and her first encounter with a confession ended in mockery.
To make matters worse, Alaric was
there but defended Evelina,
dismissing it all as a joke. She had been fooled, considered as a laughingstock, her feelings deemed insignificant. 
She was curious about how this life would unfold.
As Lemira entered the main hall, the rhythmic music came. She saw the spotlight was set on the stage where Dorian, flowers in hand, approached a girl in a bunny mask. 
Lemira instantly recognized the bunny-masked girl as Evelina.
###Chapter 167
The entire room turned their attention to the two under the spotlight.
Dorian, microphone in hand, made a heartfelt confession. Evelina, feigning shyness yet clearly basking in the attention and cheers from the crowd.
Lemira watched the scene unfold with a hint of mockery in her eyes. So, even without the scene of they humiliating her in the past life, Dorian still ended up confessing his feelings for Evelina. Now, Evelina had gained some fame as an influencer, with her girl-next-door looks making her quite popular.
When Orion caught sight of Dorian, his gaze sent a warning signal to Thaddeus, who gulped, "I had no idea he would show up here."
After Dorian's public confession to Lemira last time, Thaddeus had to call his uncle in the middle of the night, urging him to keep his son on a tighter leash to avoid any more scandalous confessions. Dorian had since vanished from Lemira's life, jetting off to Orvin, only to unexpectedly return and walk straight into their sight.
Lemira turned her head away, "It doesn't matter. With masks on, no one knows who's who. Let's just enjoy ourselves."
"Sweet Lemon, I just love your carefree spirit. Let's head to the lounge area; it might not be as lively as there when in a private room."
After all, bringing a girl to a bar didn't exactly call for a round of drinks with a bunch of ladies. And calling for guys would be even more out of the question.
So, they settled for the lounge to soak in the ambiance.
No sooner had Lemira sat down than a waiter came over to take their order. Thaddeus quickly decided for himself, asking, "Sweet Lemon, what would you like?" "A cocktail, something fancy."
Orion, remembering Lemira's drunken antics from before, gazed at the waiter, "Bring her a glass of soda water."
"I don't want soda water. What's the point of coming to a bar if you're not drinking?" Lemira was visibly annoyed.
Orion felt a headache coming on, recalling the barbecue night when Lemira got drunk. He fixed his gaze on her, "Have you forgotten about that night and you being drunk You don't know about your own alcohol tolerance, huh?" 
A
Lemira recalled what happened that time; feeling a bit sheepish, she admitted, "Okay, I concede I'm not great with alcohol, but I didn't do anything crazy after getting drunk, did?" 
Thaddeus, curious, looked at Orion, "Sweet Lemon, this sweetheart, she wouldn't have gone wild, right?"
Facing with their probe, Orion felt a bit guilty and looked away, "When you're drunk, you're not exactly up for much."
The man's Adam's apple bobbed; the memories of that night, which he thought he had forgotten, resurfaced, unsettling him. Thaddeus nodded, "How about a low-alcohol cocktail then?"
"Alright."
Lemira recognized Orion's point. Getting drunk would mean missing out on the rest of the night.
Soon, Thaddeus found himself
chatting with a girl at a nearby table
and wandered off to join her, leaving Lemia and Orion alone in the lounge. 
Feeling a bit awkward, Lemira sipped the cocktail served to her, feeling surprisingly pleasant.
Orion's gaze landed on her. He felt headache, looking serious, "You really shouldn't drink carelessly when you're out."
After finishing her drink, Lemira, feeling slightly buzzed, stood up abruptly, "I'm going to go join the fun."
She was in high spirits and wanted to let loose for a bit.
Seeing Lemira head into the center of the dance floor, Orion didn't hesitate and followed her into the crowd.
###Chapter 168
He tried to pull Lemira back, but she was as slippery as an eel, quickly finding her way to the very center of the dance floor.
Once Lemira let loose with her dancing, she instantly drew a crowd's attention.
In no time, she became the center of attention. Orion, seeing this, couldn't help but feel helpless, thinking to himself that he knew he shouldn't have let her drink, not even cocktails.
From a VIP room nearby, Dorian caught sight of Lemira dancing and whistled appreciatively, "Nice moves."
Evelina, standing next to him, felt a twinge of jealousy. It seemed true that any flashy siren could capture a man's gaze.
She had been stringing Dorian along without any real intention of committing.
But today, after receiving a call that might have been from her father, she panicked at the thought of losing the Langstons' backing. She realized she needed to secure a rich boyfriend and get married quickly. Coincidentally, Dorian had declared his affection at the bar that evening, and Evelina reluctantly accepted.
Evelina gritted her teeth, "Dorian, let's go dance too."
"Sure."
Dorian kept his eyes on the girl dancing in the middle of the floor, but he had to be subtle because of Evelina. After all, he had just won her over and not bonked her yet.
Soon, Lemira noticed Dorian and Evelina approaching with her peripheral vision.
What a buzzkill.
Turning, Lemira headed towards Orion, but a sleazy guy blocked her path, "Hey foxy lady, you've got some sexy moves. How about a drink? It's on me." "Don't need it."
Lemira declined promptly, but the man persisted, "Come on, you're here alone anyway. You already came to this bar, don't be such a prude." "Who says I'm alone?"
Lemira pointed at Orion and turned back to the sleazy guy, "He's my boyfriend."
Orion turned his head upon hearing this, his gaze deeply fixed on the girl beside him.
Though the lighting was dim, it seemed as if she was the only thing shining. He swallowed hard, casting a cold look at the sleazy man.
His gaze was stern, with a hint of intimidation. The sleazy guy backed off, trying to save face, "Don't make stuff up. I didn't see you two together. He's not really your boyfriend, is he?" 
"Who said that?"
Lemira promptly looped her arm through Orion's, "Does this prove it?"
Orion froze on the spot. Despite the deafening music, he could feel his heartbeat out of sync. Seeing this, the sleazy guy finally walked away.
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief, and then realizing what she had done, looked up at the man in front of her, "Um, was just trying to get rid of that sleazy guy's harassment."
At that moment, she felt she had been too bold. Maybe it was because of the slight buzz from the alcohol, or the music and atmosphere that she had dared to act this way. Orion's gaze was like a whirlpool, seemingly able to draw people in. Lemira felt uneasy under his stare, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that."
She was panicking inside, filled with regret.
With so many people around, Orion pulled Lemira into his arms, his voice low and husky, "Now you see how chaotic it can get here. Don't come to places like this anymore!" His voice carried a hint of raspiness.
Being in his embrace, Lemira could
feel the warmth from his chest, and her heartbeat sped up. She
mustered some courage, "I'll find a boyfriend just like you in the future!"
###Chapter 169
Orion couldn't face her without feeling the urge to bolt.
He was unable to give any response, scared even. His throat felt stuck, and it took him a while before he could mutter, "You're too young, you wouldn't understand."
"Orion, are you afraid of me getting close? Worried I might fall for you?"
She had almost believed he harbored some affection for her, but was taken aback and saddened to hear he was seeing someone else.
Orion's gaze was profound, "Don't throw around the words 'fall for' carelessly. You're still young, it's not good for you to hit the bars."
Listening his lecture, Lemira realized he had deftly changed the subject. Her curiosity was piqued, "Orion, there's something I've always wondered: why are you always so nice to me?"
Orion couldn't answer; he couldn't even meet her gaze. He was afraid that looking into her eyes would give him away.
Looking up, Lemira asked defiantly yet cautiously, "You've always been so nice to me, don't you like me even a little bit?"
"If you don't like me, why be so kind?" She thought, "So, Orion, do you like me as well?"
In that moment, Lemira felt she had mustered all her courage, able to voice her feelings only in the dim light.
She felt almost insane.
Orion, holding her, was directly confronted with her straightforward question. Her openness made his initial intentions seem shallow.
He was close to her more out of guilt than affection. He dared not tell her the real reason. He didn't even have the courage to entertain the thought!
Seeing the look in Lemira's eyes softened Orion's heart in an indescribable way, yet he could only say against his will, "Lemira, helping you was just convenient, couldn't stand seeing your brothers' favoritism." Lemira's eyes instantly reddened.
His words were calm, even somewhat tender. But he firmly rejected her.
In that moment, Lemira felt utterly
go
ated. She hastily let go a
her head, "I-It
joke, I need the restroom set
Lemira hurried away from the crowd, a picture of disarray.
Orion followed closely, his gaze turning somber, as if years of weariness were hidden beneath. Only when Lemira entered the restroom did he stop, asking
swnovel
someone for a cigarette in agitation. 
His slender fingers held the cigarette, white smoke veiling his suppressed gaze.
Thaddeus approached with two glasses of wine, handing one over, "How's the night treating you?"
Orion downed his wine in one gulp, "She cried."
"Tsk, I told you earlier, keep your distance, don't be too nice to her."
"And aren't you the same with her?" Orion took a drag, his brows furrowed.
Thaddeus raised an eyebrow, "That's different. Who wouldn't be pissed seeing Sweet Lemon treated like that by the Langstons?" Orion lowered his eyes, "Exactly, some things are beyond our control."
"That's the truth."
Thaddeus gave him a meaningful look, recalling the last time Orion was this troubled, resorting to cigarettes - it was right before their company went public, facing
betrayal from within, their future
hanging by a thread.
###Chapter 170
For years, Thaddeus had watched as the man coolly and confidently maneuvered through life's challenges. It's rare to see him caught in a dilemma. Thaddeus had a hunch that Lemira meant something different to Orion now.
At the moment, Lemira was perched on a toilet in the restroom, rubbing her face. She was as timid now as she had been brave moments ago.
No wonder they say confessing your feelings was impulsive; it could easily make things awkward between two people.
She must have been under some spell to muster the courage to say those words.
What now? How could she face Orion? So awkward!
Lemira had stayed in the restroom for what seemed like ages, wishing she could just disappear.
When knocking finally came from the other side of the door, Lemira left the stall, making room for the next person.
As she washed her hands, feeling downcast, a surprised voice came from beside her, "Lemira? It's you!"
Lemira looked up to see Evelina, and then quickly went back to washing her hands, ignoring her.
Evelina, however, was thoroughly examining Lemira, and upon seeing the fox mask, she recalled it, remarking jealously, "So, you were the one dancing up a storm in the middle of the dance floor?" She hadn't expected that Lemira could dance with that kind of moves!
Lemira flicked the water off her hands, "None of your damn business!"
"You hanging all over some guy at the bar, if Lucian finds out, he'd be pissed."
Lemira rolled her eyes and walked straight away.
Evelina followed her out, bumping into Dorian who was waiting outside. She hurriedly said, "Lemmy, where are you going? I'm just worried about you. Alaric's here too, just hanging out in a private room with some friends. I just texted him." 
Lemira turned and glared at Evelina, "Spare me your fake concern, will you? Just stop following me."
Evelina immediately looked hurt, and Dorian stepped in at this, "Hey, Lemira, be nicer, okay? If you keep bullying my girlfriend, you really think I won't stand up for her?"
Dorian had been interested in
Lemira, but after being publicly
embarrassed by her, he shifted his attention to Evelina, thinking how he'd show Lemira one day that Evelina was doing better without her, making Lemira regret rejecting him. 
Today seemed like the perfect chance.
Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery, "If playing the victim is bullying, then jails would be way overcrowded."
"How dare you speak like that? Apologize right now!"
Lemira wasn't about to apologize. Kept demanding apologies, was he out of his mind?
"What's going on here?"
Thaddeus and Orion had been nearby and saw Lemira being stopped by Dorian, so they hurried over.
As Lemira turned to see Orion, her face flushed red, but luckily she was wearing a mask and the lighting was dim, so it probably wasn't noticeable.
Evelina, seeing the two masked men, deliberately said, "Lemira, hanging out at bars with strangers? You've really changed."
She had to tarnish Lemira's image in front of Dorian.
Sure enough, Dorian's expression darkened, and he sneered at Lemira, "I thought you rejected me because you were after some rich guy, but turns out you're so open. Should have said so earlier." 
Orion stepped forward, "Kid, you better watch your mouth."
###Chapter 171
Lemira looked up to see the man standing in front to protect her, and her heart skipped a beat. Her emotions were like a roller coaster, full of ups and downs.
She noticed Orion seemed calm, as if the commotion in the dance hall had never happened. But Lemira couldn't find that calm.
Evelina recognized Orion's voice and said, surprised, "Lemira, I can't believe you're actually with the school doctor."
There was a hint of joy in Evelina's heart.
After all, her boyfriend was a Draven. And Lemira's boyfriend? Just a humble school doctor, never to match her boyfriend's status.
Lemira, blushing, hurriedly said, "Evelina, stop talking nonsense. We're just friends."
She had just faced rejection. Why did Evelina have to bring it up now?
"Lemira, no need to hide it. There have been rumors about you two, and then you ran away from home to live with him. Who would believe there's nothing between you?" Dorian raised his voice, "Lemira was living with another man?"
A hint of smile sparkled in Evelina's eyes, "Yes, and you didn't believe me when I told you earlier."
Lemira narrowed her eyes, "Do you know why Jason's grandfather lived so long?"
Dorian asked, "Why? What does that have to do with what we are talking about?"
"Because he never meddled in others' affairs or gossiped like a busybody."
With that, Lemira then turned to Orion, "Let's go." She didn't want to stay any longer with Evelina around.
Orion's sternly cold glance swept towards Dorian, a clear warning. Dorian felt insulted by that look and pointing at Orion, he snapped,
"What's with that look? Try it again, I dare you." 
Dorian, thriving since leaving Orvin, had never been disrespected like this. Orion ignored Dorian's outburst, exuding an arrogant air.
Dorian grabbed a bottle from the bartender and charged at Orion, "I'm going to teach you a lesson today!"
Lemira turned and saw Dorian coming. She pushed Orion aside, "Watch out."
At the moment, time seemed to slow down as she closed her eyes tight and braced herself for the impact from the bottle.
But the next second, she was pulled tightly against Orion, her head hitting his chest, feeling a bit pain.
Orion kicked Dorian away fiercely. His face was grim, his eyes icy cold. If not for his quick reaction, Lemira would have been hurt. Dorian lay on the ground, grimacing in pain. Evelina, startled, rushed to him, "Mr. Draven, are you alright? You're bleeding."
Dorian was in too much pain to speak.
Evelina looked up at Lemira, "Do you know who
Mr. Draven is? When the Draven's seek accountability, you won't be able to clear your name." 
Lemira, holding her sore forehead, coldly retorted, "It was Dorian who started it. We were just defending ourselves." "But in the end, aren't you unharmed? Now, Dorian is the one seriously injured. We'll call the police and press charges."
Evelina was nervous. If Dorian was
seriously hurt, it could tarnish the Langstons' standing with the
Dravens, jeopardizing her chances of marrying into the Draven family. 
Thaddeus, unable to bear it any longer, stepped forward and said, "Dorian, are you looking for trouble?"
###Chapter 172
Why did he have to come here instead of staying in Orvin? And he had the nerve to pick a fight with Orion. He must be tired of living. Dorian froze completely when he recognized the familiar voice. He instinctively looked at the masked man standing in front of him. That voice sounded exactly like his cousin; could it be Thaddeus?
"What's going on here?"
Just then, Alaric came down from the private room upstairs and saw Dorian on the ground with shattered glass bottles nearby. Alaric immediately went over to help Dorian sit up, "You alright?"
"Not really, it hurts like hell."
Dorian had wanted to play the tough guy, but that kick to his chest had left him breathless. Now, each breath he took was a painful reminder, making him wonder if he had broken a rib.
Evelina saw Dorian turning pale and started to panic, "Alaric, what do we do now?"
"We need to get him to a hospital, what else? Who did this?"
Evelina turned her gaze to Lemira, "The school doctor over there, he went too far."
Alaric looked up at the masked Lemira and recognized her immediately. He walked over and lowered his voice, "Lemira, do you have any idea who Dorian is? Him getting hurt because of you is going to bring trouble to us." "But Dorian was the one who started it. Even if we go to the police, we're not in the wrong."
Lemira was visibly annoyed. She was originally looking for fun, but encountered that fake angel, which was never a good sign.
Alaric then faced Orion directly, "It was you who laid hands on him, right? You better be ready to face the wrath of the Draven family yourself. Be a man and don't drag my sister into this!"
Before the Dravens could retaliate, it was crucial to clear Lemira's involvement.
Lemira stepped in front of Orion, "This has nothing to do with him. He was only trying to protect me."
"Lemira, are you out of your mind? I'm trying to help you!" Alaric was bewildered, "Do you realize the weight of your actions? This is the Draven family from Orvin were talking about!" en FindNovel
They were no ordinary high-flyers!
Lemira was displeased, aware of the Dravens' notorious reputation but unwilling to let Orion bear the burden alone.
Lemira straightened her back, "We'll hire a lawyer. I refuse to believe that even the Draven family can be completely unreasonable." "Thinking the Dravens will play fair with you?"
Thaddeus chimed in, "That's where you're wrong. Why wouldn't the Dravens play fair?"
He was all about fairness. If not for keeping his identity a secret, he would have already slapped Dorian himself.
Alaric ignored Thaddeus, focusing
on Lemira instead, "You better keep quiet. I handle this. And your. protector here better show up at the hospital personally to apologize to Dorian!" 
en FindNovel
After his piece, Alaric helped Dorian up, "Mr. Draven, let's get you to a hospital. Your health is more important right now."
Grimacing in pain, Dorian could hardly focus on assigning blame. The pain was overwhelming.
As Dorian passed by Lemira, he snarled, "Just you wait. Ah, it hurts so much. I won't let this go. Ahhh!"
Evelina deliberately lagged behind,
giving Lemira a glance, "You guys are in deep trouble now! He's Mrs. Monica Draven's precious grandson. You're gonna regret it if you don't figure out how to apologize to Dorian and earn his forgiveness." 
This time, she determined to make Lemira suffer.
###Chapter 173
Lemira's gaze was ice-cold, "We'll just see about that. Why should we apologize if we've done nothing wrong?"
"Oh, Lemira, you're so na?ve. So what if Dorian was the first to throw a punch? If the Dravens decide to step in, your boyfriend might as well kiss his job goodbye. That's how the Dravens operate, get it?" Evelina's eyes sparkled with a malicious gloat. Thaddeus, unable to listen to it anymore, interjected, "Look here, Miss Fake Angel, aren't you being a bit too spiteful? The Dravens aren't the monsters you're painting them to be. Or are you best buddies with them now? Stop slandering people, will you?" "Of course, I'm well acquainted with the Dravens. But how would people like you, from the bottom rungs of society, understand? For the elite, squashing common folk is as easy as stepping on an ant." Her tone was so smug, it was as if she had already married into the Draven family.
Thaddeus was so flabbergasted he didn't know what to say. This was outrageous! Watching as Evelina strutted away, he couldn't help but mock, "Seriously, Sweet Lemon, is this how your family talks?" "Evelina usually puts on a good front. Guess she's gotten a bit too cocky since hooking up with Dorian, showing her true colors now."
Lemira took an unwitting glance at Orion, and said worriedly, "I'll hire a lawyer. You won't have to apologize."
After all, Orion had gotten into the fray because of her. She couldn't just abandon him.
At the sight of her anxious face, Orion's heart softened, "Don't worry, it's a small matter."
Thaddeus chimed in, "Yeah, Sweet Lemon, no need to fret. I'm here too. That punk won't dare cause more trouble."
Only then did Lemira remember that Thaddeus' family was quite affluent too. She felt a bit down, "This is all because of me. If it weren't for me, ouch!"
She felt a knock on her forehead, which made her look up in confusion at Orion, wondering why he'd do that.
Orion's gaze was deeply profound, "You sounded just like the fake angel there. Had to cut you off before you went down that path." "But..."
"But it was Dorian who wanted to hit me, not you."
Orion was clear that she had tried to intervene to take the hit herself. His tone was teasing, "You think your petite frame could have handled it? Don't try to play the hero next time." 
"Exactly, Sweet Lemon. Orion can take a hit and be fine, but you'd definitely get hurt. A few scrapes on a guy are no big deal."
Lemira hung her head, her mood
somber. Now, with the whole Dorian
incident, she had even forgotten the embarrassment of her failed
confession earlier. 
As the group left the bar and returned to their apartments, Orion glanced at her, "Don't overthink it."
Lemira nodded noncommittally and walked into her apartment.
Orion and Thaddeus headed to the next room. Once the door was closed, Orion coldly asked, "What's the deal with the Dravens?" "Damn, I didn't see it coming either. If Alaric hadn't intervened, I'd have slapped Dorian myself, teach him some manners."
"Make sure you talk some sense into your cousin at the hospital tomorrow."
Orion's gaze was serious; Lemira had been down ever since they left, clearly affected by the incident.
Helpless, Thaddeus nodded, "Alright, I got it."
Who would have thought things would turn out like this!
----
Back in her room, Lemira felt restless.
She knew the issue with Dorian wouldn't just blow over. But she couldn't let Orion suffer because of her involvement with the Dravens. Her phone rang, and as seeing the number, she recognized it should be Lucian. She hesitated before answering, "Hello, Lucian."
"Lemmy, I've heard about the Dorian
incident. This is tricky, but Alaric and
I will handle it. Stay out of it for now. Better move back here and keep your distance from that doctor."
###Chapter 174
When Lemira heard the latter part of the conversation, she pressed her lips, "This mess started because of me, and I'm not going to run away from it."
And she definitely wasn't going to throw Orion under the bus. That kind of betrayal just wasn't in her playbook.
"Lemira, stop being mad, okay? Listen to me, just come back and stay with us. I promise you won't get into trouble."
"If that's all you've got to say, Lucian, save it."
Lemira hung up the call, clearly not planning to follow Lucian's advice.
Lucian stared at the disconnected call, sighing deeply. Alaric asked from nearby, "So, did she agree?"
"No, she didn't."
"Has she lost her mind? There's no way she can handle Dorian's situation on her own, not to mention the Dravens will be on her case."
Lucian was well aware of the gravity of the situation. He looked at Alaric, "For now, let's just get the best doctor we can find for Dorian, and a nurse to keep an eye on him. Try to keep him happy and maybe he'll be more approachable." If making peace didn't work, they'd have to bring Asher into the picture.
---
The next day, Lemira woke up with bags under her eyes.
She had spent the whole night tossing and turning, thinking about how to solve the mess with Dorian.
She checked her phone and saw a message from her lawyer. [Consider buying some gifts and visiting the patient in the hospital. It might soften their stance and help reconcile.]
As Lemira read the message, her mood went sour. If apologies were due, she would make them herself; Orion didn't need to be dragged into this.
But first, she had to stop by school.
After getting dressed, Lemira went to the apartment next door, where the housekeeper had already prepared the breakfast and laid the dishes out on the table. Orion was in the study, Thaddeus probably still asleep.
Recalling her failed confession at the bar last night, she decided not to bother Orion and risk the awkwardness.
Leaving a note on a sticky pad, Lemira quietly left. She took a ride to school alone.
Outside the school, large banners congratulated the students on their performance and another proclaimed, "Congratulations to XX for ranking first in the city!" The student's name was deliberately obscured, adding an air of mystery.
Entering the classroom, Lemira found her classmates buzzing about the exam results. Her appearance drew many curious glances.
After the exams, Lemira had
become a gaming goddess on PixelStage, known for her excellent skills and detailed commentary. And on top of that, her grades were impressive. en FindNovel
She quickly became a symbol of aspiration among her peers.
Jessica was the first to approach with a smile, "Goddess, how did you do on the exams? I heard the city's top scholar is from our class. Could it be you?"
"Come on, how could it be Lemira? I heard she bombed her exam. Barely made the college cutoff score!" Judy chimed in with a snide comment as she walked in. Lemira retorted coldly, "Still better than your score."
Evelina, dressed in designer clothes
and sporting a flawless makeup look, spoke with a hint of condescension, "Lemmy, I know you're upset about your exams if you're thinking of retaking the year, I could join you." 
Lemira, already frustrated from dealing with Dorian's situation last night, had no patience for Evelina's fake sympathy. However, since she searched humiliation, Lemira wouldn't lose the chance. 
"Get over it. With your score, which would be less than half of mine, you have the nerve to join me?"
###Chapter 175
Lemira's words were like a punch to the gut.
The room went dead silent, everyone's eyes wide as they stared at Lemira in shock. They admired that their idol was indeed worth the title.
Evelina's face turned a deep shade of red in exasperation, tears welling up in her eyes, looking all aggrieved, "Lemmy, I was just trying to make you feel better, nothing more."
Judy was fuming, "Lemira, don't bite the hand that feeds you. So what if your score is a bit higher? Let's see you become the top student in the entire city, then talk!"
The boys, always quick to jump to a damsel's defense, chimed in, "Lemira, sure, you're smart and good at video games, but that's no reason to put others down. Evelina meant well." Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile, "That's just who I am. I don't need her pity."
Evelina sniffled, "Let's not fight over me, guys. I know Lemmy's upset about her grades, and I totally get it."
Jessica was livid, "You get it? My foot. Stop playing the saint here! Remember the stationery mix-up? That must have something to do with you!"
There had been rumors about a top student who bombed their exam, which drastically affected the overall score.
After hearing Evelina mention Lemira's stationery mishap, she suspected Evelina might have sabotaged her.
Evelina put on an innocent face, "Jessica, you're breaking my heart. I didn't prepare Lemira's stationery. Something going wrong only means she had bad luck on her part." Lemira should get a low score. As long as her scores suffered, Evelina could rest easy.
Lemira let out a scornful laugh, "Who said I did poorly?"
She didn't want to steal the spotlight, but she couldn't let this fake angel get away with insulting Jessica.
Evelina was puzzled, "Lemira, no need to pretend. We all know."
Judy pressed, "If you did well, then how many points did you score?"
Lemira barely lifted an eyelid, "Don't know."
"Ha! 'Don't know?' Who are you trying to fool? Everyone's seen their scores by now."
Jessica was a bit surprised, "There's one scenario where you wouldn't know your score - if it was shielded."
Lemira leaned against the table casually, the picture of nonchalance and calm.
Evelina glanced at Lemira, feeling uneasy. No way, Lemira had to be lying.
Judy was skeptical, "Lemira's just saving face. After all, no one knows her actual score."
Evelina felt the same but seeing Lemira so composed, she doubted herself. Evelina ventured, "Lemmy, L know you've been working hard
these past few months, and you net
grades have improved. But good grades aren't everything, you don't
have to burden yourself th don't
much.
No need to brag." 
Right after Evelina's comment, Jessica retorted, "Are you jealous, Evelina? Everyone's seen Lemira's capabilities. Maybe she really outdid herself and got her scores shielded." 
Judy countered, "But we all know Lemira's usual grades. How could she suddenly do so well that her scores got shielded, making it into top 50 of the city?"
the
Most people in the room were dubious.
That was when the teacher burst in, beaming, "Looks like everyone's here! Today, my treat, in honor of the top scorer."
The moment these words were uttered, the classroom exploded,
"Oh my God, the city's top scorer is from our class?"
"We haven't had a top scorer in our school for ages. Who could it be?"
###Chapter 176
The teacher said purposefully, keeping them dangling, "So, who wants to take a wild guess at who our class top-scorer might be?" Evelina chimed in, "It's gotta be our No.1 class rep, right?"
"Absolutely, if we're talking top scorer, it has to be our class rep. His grades have been top three in our grade for years. No doubt it's him." Just then, the class rep stood up and said, "Not me."
"How is that possible? If it's not him, then who else could possibly be the top scorer? Maybe the runner-up?"
When the teacher saw reporters also joining in, she quickly announced, "It's Lemira."
The classroom went dead silent.
Then Jessica let out a squeal, "Oh my god, it's you! You're the top of the city? Wow, you're incredible!"
The rest of the students were stunned. They had guessed many names, but Lemira as the top scorer was beyond their wildest thoughts.
Evelina was dumbfounded upon hearing the news. How could Lemira be number one in the city?
This news hit Evelina harder than a freight train.
Jessica glanced at Evelina and snickered to her sidekick, "Ha! Remember who was offering to retake the year with our city's top scorer, as if they had the right to talk about retaking the year with her? Such a shame." "Don't make me laugh, Jessica. This is the funniest joke I've heard in my life."
ЭЛ
"Yeah, a bottom-ranker comforted the city's number one, saying they'd retake the year together. Where does she get the nerve to even suggest that?" 
Evelina's face turned sour as if she had bitten into a lemon.
Judy went into hysterics, "How could Lemira be the top-scorer? There must be a mistake in the grades, or maybe Lemira cheated."
Deep down, Evelina felt the same way. How could Lemira possibly be the city's number one?
The teacher gave Evelina a cold look, "What's going on with you two? Lemira's improvement is clear to everyonez She outperformed herself and became the dark horse. Instead of being happy for her, as her classmates, as her family, you doubt her achievements. Is this what I've taught you?" 
Evelina's eyes immediately reddened, but no one came to comfort her. Everyone was too busy discussing Lemira's success.
Then, the reporters approached, followed by the principal and the vice principal.
The principal, a kindly old man, looked at Lemira with a proud smile, "I never expected you to score so high."
Lemira smiled back as she spotted the principal, "Thank you for the stationery you gave me."
Without the quality stationery the principal provided just in time, her grade might have suffered.
The inferior stationery she had was barely readable and even leaked ink, which could have ruined her test paper and cost her points.
"I was just doing things according to the rules. It's your own excellence that got you the title."
A reporter stepped forward, placing a microphone in front of Lemira, "Lemira, your grades have soared in the last few months, landing you the top spot in the city. Surely, you had help and support from those around you Who would you like to thank the most?" 
###Chapter 177
Lemira stared into the camera lens of the reporter, momentarily dazed.
After a brief pause, she began, "The ones I owe the biggest thanks to are my family, for they've always placed a huge emphasis on education.
In the final months of my revision, it was my brothers' encouragement and support that kept me going, even going so far as to hire a private tutor to help me with my studies at home.
They pushed me to study hard every day, and that's why I've managed to achieve such great results today."
After Lemira finished speaking, she couldn't help but feel a sense of irony within.
Evelina, standing nearby, widened her eyes in disbelief upon hearing Lemira's words. Was Lemira blatantly lying?
In reality, the Langston brothers weren't all that concerned about academic achievements.
Alaric even believed that good grades weren't of much significance. That's why he encouraged her to take time off school to train and compete in video game tournaments, which significantly affected her grades.
Her poor performance in the exams was largely due to her last-minute participation in those gaming competitions.
Why would Lemira twist the truth like this? Evelina's eyes were filled with confusion. Was Lemira trying to use this opportunity to make amends with her brothers?
The reporter continued, "Lemira, we've heard that you weren't exactly a standout student in terms of grades. Your performance improved dramatically in the last few months, eventually leading you to top the city in the exams. Was it all thanks to that private tutor?" "No, it was all thanks to our school's teachers."
After the brief interview, Lemira took group photos with the school's administration.
The banner hanging in the schoolyard, with its partially obscured name, was torn open to reveal "Lemira" in bold letters.
Lemira was surrounded by everyone, who was eager to shake hands with the top scorer to share in her good fortune.
Evelina, watching Lemira bask in her glory, felt a pang of jealousy so intense that she snapped a fingernail, her eyes red. She couldn't believe how rapidly Lemira's grades improved, propelling her to the top spot in the city!
How's that possible? Especially considering Lemira's grades were once worse than hers.
Judy grumbled, "Eve, I just heard Lemira thanking the principal for
some stationery she received. Could
it be there's some special arrangement between them, like the principal giving her the answers? Otherwise, given Lemira's usual grades, how could she possibly become the top scorer in the city?" 
Evelina pondered the same, recalling Lemira's words.
In truth, Lemira hadn't used any inferior stationery for the exams, but she had managed to keep that fact under wraps.
A calculating look flashed in Evelina's eyes, "Go to the reporters later. We should leak this to them."
She was convinced someone would challenge the legitimacy of Lemira's results.
After all, Lemira had indirectly caused Dorian to end up in the hospital with a broken rib. The Dravens wouldn't let it slide.
Soon, Lemira would be knocked off her pedestal, never to rise again. She needed to stir the pot at the hospital with Dorian.
---
After the interview and participating in promotional activities with the school, Lemira was strongly encouraged by her teacher to attend a celebratory luncheon.
Lemira didn't want to refuse; she and Jessica headed out of the school premises.
A luxury car was parked by the curb. Lucian stepped out, looking at Lemira with a serious expression, "Lemmy, you need to come with me right now." "To where?"
"Of course we're going to the
hospital to visit Dorian. You'll explain
things to him, pinning it all on the school doctor. This way, when the Dravens come knocking, they won't target you." 
This was a strategy he and Alaric had devised.
fet
Hearing this, Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "I believe I made myself quite ear last night, Lucian. Which
part did you not understand that you need me to repeat?"
###Chapter 178
"Lemmy, now's not the time to throw a fit. If the Dravens come knocking, it won't just be you in hot water. The Langstons will be dragged into this mess too." Lemira replied with a scoff, "Don't worry, I won't drag you into anything."
"It's not up to you to decide whether or not we get involved. You're not seeing the big picture here. Alaric has already smoothed things over with Dorian. All you need to do is apologize to Mr. Draven, clear the air, and he won't hold you accountable once you explain everything." Lemira frowned, "I refuse. I've got more important things to do right now."
"Lemira, when will you stop this nonsense? And what could possibly be more important than sorting this out?"
Jessica raised her voice, "Obviously, attending the celebration of our city's top student is way more important."
Lucian frowned, "I heard the top scorer is in your school, but that's their achievement, not yours, Lemira. You need to focus on sorting your own issues instead of just going along for the ride."
Jessica's voice grew louder, "Because if Lemira doesn't show up at the celebration, it can't start."
Lucian's tone turned sour, "Lemira isn't the guest of honor, why wait for her to kick things off?"
"Because our beloved Lemira is the city's top student! How could the celebration go on without her?"
Jessica finally let out the news she'd been dying to share, feeling the attitude of Lemira's brother was dissatisfied. He didn't care about her score and just bombarded her with reprimand, asking her to apologize. "What did you say? Lemira is the top scorer?"
"That's right. Seems like the only ones out of the loop were the Langstons. And you're supposed to be her brother, not even caring about her."
Lucian's head buzzed; he seemed a bit shocked in disbelief. He could never think of Lemira to reach the top spot.
As he looked up, a banner at the
school caught Lucian's eye, proclaiming, "Congratulations to Lemira for securing the top rank in the city." The joyful message stung him at that moment.
Unable to grasp the reality, he ventured, "But I heard your grades suffered because of that faulty stationery."
Lemira's reply was thick with sarcasm, "And your point is?"
Lucian awkwardly swallowed, "Lemmy, I'm just surprised and happy for you. This is shocking news."
No one expected a Langston to be the city's top student!
Jessica clarified, "The student who botched the exam wasn't Lemira, but someone else. Evelina just pinned it on Lemira, probably out of jealousy for fearing Lemira scoring higher than her. That's why she made the slanderous comments in advance." 
Lucian reflexively defended, "Eve's not like that. It must've been the faulty stationery scandal. She didn't mean anything by it."
Even he had harbored the same doubts. But the surprise Lemira had in store was beyond anyone's imagination.
Soon, the principal, teachers, and reporters gathered around.
The principal glanced at Lucian, saying, "Lucian, you're just in time. Join us for the celebration."
A reporter thrust a microphone at Lucian, "Lemira's academic leap in the last few months is remarkable As her family, your support must've been crucial. Mind if I ask if you have any advice to share with us? 
###Chapter 179
Lemira caught a glimpse of a reporter interviewing Lucian, a sly twinkle in her eye.
Lucian, taken aback by the reporter's questions, stood frozen. The words seemed to jumble in his head, making no sense at all.
What did they mean by asking if they had any tips to share about Lemira's improved grades? Lemira had moved out well before the exams, hardly ever returning home. Moreover, her sudden academic success had nothing to do with her family.
In fact, at that time, Alaric had insisted Lemira take time off for e-sports training, as Evelina had suffered academically due to her gaming pursuits.
All things considered, they hadn't contributed at all to Lemira becoming the top-scorer.
If anything, they had held her back.
If Lemira hadn't decided to move out and skip the e-sports training, her chances of topping the class would have been slim.
Realization dawned on Lucian as he looked towards Lemira unwittingly. She had said those things on purpose.
It was a deliberate jab at all the Langstons. She knew they had no face to claim her victory as their own.
Lemira's words hit Lucian hard, filling him with shame for not being a better brother.
Lucian's face betrayed his discomfort. He replied with a husky voice, "Actually, we didn't do much. It was all down to my sister. She's naturally smart, hardworking, and dedicated." The reporter seemed a bit disappointed with the answer.
The teacher, knowing a bit more about the situation, guessed Lemira was being sarcastic about her family by making those remarks.
The principal approached, congratulating Lucian, "Kudos, Mr. Langston, your family has produced a top scorer."
Lucian couldn't muster a smile, feeling utterly out of place.
Lemira's achievement was not his doing. The congratulatory words made him feel even more like a fishbone was stuck in his throat. He dared not look at Lemira, especially after what he had just said.
The teacher quickly changed the subject, "Let's not dwell on this. How about we all head to the restaurant for a meal?"
Lemira hung back, gazing at Lucian, "You should go."
"Lemmy!"
Lucian watched Lemira's retreating figure with mixed emotions, unable to speak as freely as before.
As Lemira got into the car, she noticed Lucian's silhouette by the roadside, pondering the principal's curious congratulations. Soon, everyone reached a nearby restaurant.
Lucian followed in his car, unable to
miss it. However, as he was getting out, Alaric called him, "Lucian, what's going on? Eve's already at the hospital. Why haven't you brought Lemira yet?" en FindNovel
Lucian took a deep breath, "We'll probably head over after lunch."
"What's more important than sorting out the Dravens' issue right now? Dorian's grades are a mess, and Mrs. Grace Draven has been calling non-stop. Dorian's even been ignoring her video calls, knowing if she sees him in the hospital, all our efforts would be wasted 
Lucian's voice trembled, "This is Lemmy's celebration party. I can't leave."
He might not have contributed to Lemira's success, but as her brother, he needed to be there for her party.
"A celebration party? For what,
Lemira topping the city? Stop joking
around. She didn't even do that well
did she? Come back quickly. It's more urgent to deal with the
Dravens' matter. I've been buttering up Mr. Draven since last night, trying tékeep things smooth. Do you think that's easy?" 
"Lemmy did top the city. She is the top-scorer."
Alaric nearly lost his footing at the news, "You mean Lemira is the city's number one? How is that possible? I thought her grade suffered because of a stationery issue?"
"What?"
###Chapter 180
Even if Lemira hadn't been held back by her grades, her scores still wouldn't seem like they'd be enough to snag the top spot in the whole city.
"That's what I thought too, but the school just put up a banner, and there were reporters interviewing the top student. It's definitely Lemmy, no mistake. I'm at the restaurant with them now."
Alaric was speechless for a moment on the other end of the line. He never, in his wildest dreams, thought that Lemira would actually score the highest in the city.
After a while, Alaric finally said, "Well, i-if she's the top of the city, we should definitely celebrate."
His sister, who had never really shone academically, had suddenly become the city's number one.
This turnaround left Alaric struggling to adjust.
"Yeah, I was thinking the same. I have to be there for this occasion. I'll finish up here and then bring her over. Keep an eye on Dorian for me, will you?"
"Sure, no problem. Since Lemira did so well this time, should we throw her a party too?"
Alaric had been doing a lot of reflection since he lost the competition and felt that he had indeed been a bit too harsh on Lemira in the past. So, he wanted to use this opportunity to mend their sibling relationship. Lucian, feeling gratified, said, "Look at me, forgetting the obvious. Of course, we should throw her a grand celebration party. She scored the highest in the city; Asher would be thrilled once he knows." After hanging up, Lucian, filled with excitement, entered the restaurant.
Lemira was seated in the center, the focus of everyone's attention. When Lucian appeared, someone stood up, "The top-scorer's brother is here, make room for him."
Lucian took his seat beside Lemira, feeling a mix of emotions.
He was used to being respected as Mr. Langston wherever he went, never imagining that one day he'd bask in his sister's glory.
Caught up in the atmosphere, his excitement grew.
He filled his glass to the brim and raised a toast to the teachers and the principal, "This one's for you, for all your support and guidance towards Lemira, enabling her to achieve such great results." "It's all Lemira's hard work, we didn't do much."
Seeing Lucian drink glass after glass, Lemira couldn't help but grab his hand, whispering, "Are you trying to kill yourself?"
"Lemmy, I'm fine. It's a day of joy, and I should toast for you."
Lucian
had to
a lump in his throat; he something for Lemira, or
get
he'd go mad. He made a round of
s on behalf of Lemi
Lemira felt uncomfortable. She didn't need Lucian's so-called compensation now because she wouldn't look back.
Glancing down at her phone, she saw a message from Orion. [Remember, no drinking at the dinner.]
[I know.]
[Call me if you need anything.]
Lemira felt a sense of relief seeing his message, but she instinctively didn't mention Lucian was here too. The dinner soon ended.
Lucian was slightly drunk. After saying goodbye to the teacher and the principal, Lemira helped him to the car.
The driver had been waiting outside and came over to help Lucian into the car.
Lemira let go and was about to leave when Lucian grabbed her hand, "Lemmy, come to the hospital with me?"
"Let the driver take you!"
Lemira shook off his hand; she had no desire to rehash sibling sentiments.
Back when she was looked down
upon, and now, becoming the top et
scorer, he wanted to mend their
ship? Impossible.
belongs to en.kikistorien
Holding his stomach in discomfort, Lucian said, "What do you plan to do about Dorian's situation?"
Lemira paused, "That's none of your business."
"I've already made an appointment with the school doctor at the hospital."
Lemira's expression changed, turning back to Lucian, "Why would you do that?"
"Because you're my sister, and I have to protect you!"
Oh? Lemira, with a scornful smile, said, "Then from today onwards, let's sever our sibling ties. I don't need you meddling in my affairs anymore!" 
###Chapter 181
Lucian felt like he was about to lose his footing. He clutched his chest, "Lemmy, what did you just say?"
"I said I'm severing ties with you. I hate how you always act like you know what's best for me, making decisions about my life without even asking." Lemira was truly furious. She had never spoken of cutting ties before, only of distancing herself.
"I should've said this sooner, to clear your confused heads. Always acting like a big brother, pretending to care for me. It's disgusting!"
Her gaze was icy. She hadn't wanted to leave the Langston family with such harsh words. But they had continuously crossed her boundaries.
Lucian was almost breathless, his voice trembling, "Lemmy, I never thought you'd hate me so much, hate the Langstons!"
"Well, now you know, right?"
Lucian looked up at her, "I'll just assume you're speaking in anger. That school doctor, if he were responsible, should own up to his actions and apologize at the hospital personally!" "You've gone too far!"
"So, you'll come with me to the hospital now?"
Lemira stared at Lucian, hailed a cab, and left.
She tried calling Orion, but got no answer. She remembered a past incident involving Dorian, where after a conflict, the Dravens forced the other party to apologize.
In the end, that person was humiliated and beaten by Dorian.
Lemira was seething with anger. She messaged Orion. [Where are you now?]
[At the hospital.]
Seeing his reply, she immediately called him, "Orion, wait for me outside. Don't go in. I'm on my way."
"You're coming too?"
Orion had just gotten out of his car, frowning, "That's a quick dinner party, huh?"
"Don't change the subject. Wait for me," with that, Lemira hung up.
Orion glanced at his phone, then at the hospital. After parking, Thaddeus approached, "Did Sweet Lemon call you?"
"Yeah, she asked me to wait for her outside."
"Sweet Lemon is quite protective, huh?"
Lucian had indeed contacted Orion that morning, but the Langstons' threats were nothing to them.
Thaddeus came to the hospital with Orion primarily to deal with Dorian's matter, with him taking the lead in settling the young troublemaker. Orion stood at the hospital entrance, "You go in. I'll wait for her here."
"Alright, I'll make it quick."
Thaddeus walked straight into the hospital, heading for Dorian's del ward. At the time, Dorian was lying in bed, bandaged up, enjoying Evelina's care. 
Evelina spoke gently, "Dorian, if Lemira and the others come to apologize later, can you go easy on them for Alaric's sake? After all,
Lemira is a Langston." 
"I understand. As long as Lemira apologizes sincerely, I might let it slide. But her broke boyfriend, the school doctor, he needs to pay a price!" Dorian's voice grew louder, causing him to wince from rib pain.
Evelina's eyes twinkled with triumph, "Thank you, Dorian. Lemira was just deceived by that school doctor, that's why she ran away to live with him."
"How could I have ever been attracted to someone as open as Lemira? You're much better."
Though Dorian played the field, he preferred girls who were more reserved.
"Who are you calling open?"
Thaddeus entered the room just time to hear Dorian badmouthing Lemira. Good thing Orion didn't come up, or this kid would've been in deep trouble. 
Orion was fiercely protective of Lemira now.
Dorian looked up to see Thaddeus, his apple nearly slipping from his grasp, "You!"
It was his cousin! Did his family find out about the mess he'd made and sent his cousin to deal with him?
Evelina, seeing Thaddeus, looked past him for someone else, "So it's you. Where's that school doctor?" Thaddeus spoke calmly, "I myself can handle this. He doesn't need to come."
###Chapter 182
Orion didn't need to step in to handle Thaddeus' cousin, or it'd be like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.
Evelina's tone was dripping with sarcasm, "You? With what you've got, I doubt you're up for the task. Wasn't that school doctor acting all high and mighty before? What, turned into a scaredy-cat now?" "Shut your mouth."
Dorian snapped at Evelina, "Watch your mouth, okay?" He wouldn't even dare to speak to his cousin like that.
Evelina felt a sting of injustice for his attitude, "Dorian, what did I say that was so wrong?"
Thaddeus stared at Dorian with a half-smile, "Let her out. We'll talk about this alone."
"Yes, Evelina, leave us, and close the door."
"Dorian, I'm part of this too. Why do I have to leave?"
It seemed to Evelina that Dorian had stopped valuing her now that he had her. "Typical," she thought. "Once a man gets what he wants, he stops caring."
Dorian was growing impatient, "I said get out, can't you understand that?"
He didn't want Evelina to see him getting schooled by his cousin. He had his pride to think of.
Stomping her foot, Evelina stormed out, frustration bubbling within her.
The room was then left with just the two men. Thaddeus sauntered over and pulled up a chair to sit, "You've been quite the player, haven't you?"
"I knew I recognized that voice in the bar as yours. Thought I was hearing things. Why didn't you just take off the mask then and there?"
"It's none of your business. You getting hurt was your own doing. Don't drag anyone else into this, got it?"
Dorian was puzzled, "Thaddeus, is that school doctor a friend of yours?"
Otherwise, why would his cousin personally come to the hospital to sort this out?
"Exactly, so you know what you need to do, right?"
"But my rib's broken. Don't you even care a bit? Who is this school doctor anyway, that you'd come to make peace?"
Thaddeus' frustration was palpable, "You're better off not knowing. Just don't make a fuss, and I'll talk with your mom about your grades." Dorian was over the moon, "Deal!"
For him, navigating his grades was the real challenge. After all, while his cousin was a straight-A student, Dorian was anything but.
---
Upon reaching the hospital, Lemira dashed out of the car without a second thought. So focused on getting inside, she didn't watch her step and stumbled. "Be careful, watch where you're going."
Orion caught her arm, his eyes filled with a hint of helplessness.
Relief washed over Lemira upon seeing him, "You haven't gone in, have you?"
"No, been right here waiting for you."
Orion felt there was no need for him to intervene; Thaddeus could handle the situation on his own.
But he hadn't expected her to rush over so worriedly, still reeking of the barbecue they had earlier.
Lemira's tension eased as she heard his words, "Good, as long as you haven't gone in."
"Why the rush? What did you want to say to me?"
"I wanted to say you don't have to listen to Lucian on this. I've already contacted a lawyer. If the Dravens want to stir trouble, we'll stand our ground." Lemira's expression was nothing short of determined.
Orion's gaze lingered on her, seeing her resolve. Her voice had been laced with urgency and concern over the phone just now.
It stirred something in Orion's usually calm heart. Unable to help himself, Orion flicked her forehead, "It's not as serious as you think. I'll handle it."
"And how exactly will you do that?
Even with a wealthy friend like Thaddeus, you're nothing compared to the Draven family. If they decide to pursue this, you stand no chance." 
"And why can't I stand a chance?"
"You're just a school doctor. How can you fight against the influential clan like them?" Lemira pressed her lips, "Besides, this whole mess is caused by me. You only got involved with that dumb rich kid because of me. 
Hearing her call Dorian a dumb rich kid brought an inexplicable feeling to Orion. He chuckled, "You think you can take responsibility with that tiny frame of yours?" 
"I'm taking responsibility for you, what's it to you?"
###Chapter 183
Lemira glanced up at him, the words having slipped out before she could catch them.
Orion, usually so composed, felt a ripple of emotion. His Adam's apple bobbed slightly, "Kid, don't go throwing around promises of responsibility to men. That's something men should be saying." Lemira also realized her words might have come across a bit too forward, almost like she was implying something else.
She quickly lowered her gaze, flustered, "Don't get the wrong idea. What I just said has no other implication. You're my friend, and I can't let you get involved because of me."
""Yeah, I got it."
Orion looked towards the hospital, "So, what's your plan?"
"I think I need to have a talk with Dorian myself."
"Let's go then."
Surprised, Lemira watched his back and hurried after him, "You don't need to come; I'll handle it."
If Orion was there, he surely would be treated badly. She didn't want him to face any difficulties.
"Lemmy, wait up for me."
Lucian caught up to them. He hadn't expected Lemira was stubborn enough to just hop into a taxi and leave, making him chase her all this way.
Seeing Orion ahead, Lucian uttered coldly, "So, you decided to show up. That's bold of you."
He had half-expected Orion to chicken out.
Lemira frowned, "Lucian, I told you he has nothing to with it. Why are you doing this?"
"Lemmy, I'm doing this for your own good."
"That's enough. How is this for my good? Did you even consider asking me? I don't think it's good at all."
Lemira was fed up with their presumptuousness.
She stormed into the elevator with a stern face, while Orion trailed behind, feeling a bit soft-hearted, "This isn't as hard as it seems, don't get too worked up."
"Dr. Everhart, easy for you to say. Lemmy's the one under all this pressure. With your status, do you think you can stand up to the Draven family?" Lucian had little respect for Orion. He might have some skills and a confident attitude, but against the Draven family from Orvin, he was insignificant. Orion's gaze was indifferent, "No need to fight, it's just a few words."
"Big talk. I'd like to see how you're going to solve it with just a few words."
Lucian saw this as a chance to show Lemira that the school doctor was all talk and no action.
Taking a deep breath, Lemira stepped out of the elevator, turning back to Orion, "Wait here, okay?"
Orion saw the look on Lemira's face, "I can come with you."
Dorian knew him.
Even if it meant revealing his identity, he didn't want to see Lemira this stressed.
"No." Lemira was serious, "Just wait for me outside."
Lucian disagreed, "Lemmy, can you not be so head over heels right now?"
Ignoring Lucian, Lemira stormed towards the hospital room. Pushing the door open, she heard Evelina's surprised voice, "What? Dorian, you're not going to pursue the matter?" 
"That's right. I was the one who
started the fight at the bar that night.
It's on me. Besides, they
compensated me a bit, so let's just drop it." 
Dorian's expression was a bit strained, "Besides, Lemira is from the Langston family, right? Dragging this out wouldn't do you any favors either." 
Evelina was reluctant, "But..." He didn't say that before. How come he changed his tune after seeing that man? Dorian looked up, "Eve, I'm letting this go for your sake."
Because his cousin had warned him not to reveal too much to the Langstons, he couldn't be completely honest.
Evelina's expression soured. If it weren't for Alaric being there, she would have urged Dorian to keep pressing the issue.
All she could do now was say, "Dorian, thank you for considering this for my sake. We are grateful."
###Chapter 184
Alaric sighed in relief, glad that Dorian wasn't going to make a big deal out of it.
Lemira found it unbelievable. Was Dorian really going to let this slide? Something felt off, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it.
Lucian approached, "Thanks a lot, Mr. Draven. Sorry for the trouble. Don't worry, the Langstons will cover all the following medical expenses, and Eve will take care of you until you're back on your feet."
Dorian coughed, "Well, considering Eve's feelings, making a scene wouldn't be right." So, that should settle it, right?
Although Evelina felt a bit resentful, Dorian's consideration for her made her feel pleased. She looked directly at Lemira, "Lemmy, even though we're letting this go, shouldn't you apologize, given how badly Dorian was injured?" Alaric nodded, "Yeah, you really should apologize, Lemira, come here."
Lucian frowned, "The school doctor was here too. He should be the one apologizing."
Why should Lemira apologize?
Dorian quickly gestured, "No, no, no need for apologies. This is all just formalities. Let's just drop it, okay?"
His cousin was probably still around. Considering his cousin had stood up for the school doctor, and he had agreed not to pursue the matter, if his cousin and the school doctor were to come over.
Chances were, he'd be the one ending up apologizing!
Lucian insisted, "Mr. Draven, you're injured. It's only right they apologize."
"No, really, I don't mind. Let's just forget the whole thing and not talk about it, okay?"
Dorian was genuinely afraid of his cousin and didn't want to face him.
Not just Lemira, but even the rest of the Langstons were surprised that the issue was resolved so easily. Something was definitely off!
Evelina, slightly smug, said, "Thank you, Dorian, for being so generous considering my feelings. I'm really touched. Lucian, since Dorian isn't holding a grudge, let's just let it be." Dorian quickly said, "I need to rest now. Could you all please leave?"
He wanted to avoid any further confrontation.
As the group left the hospital room, Lemira felt a weight lifted off her shoulders, surprised to see that Dorian wasn't as unforgiving as rumors suggested.
Evelina deliberately said, "Lemmy, you should really talk to that school doctor, tell him not to be so impulsive. Not everyone is as forgiving as Dorian."
Lucian nodded, "Eve, I knew you were sensible. We owe you one this time."
Alaric turned to Lemira, "You should stop hanging out with that school doctor and move back in with us. The family won't treat you like before. Can you stop holding a grudge?" Lemira scoffed. She glared at Alaric, "In your dreams. I have nothing to do with all of you. Stay out of my life."
Alaric was about to explode with anger, but Lucian intervened, "Lemmy, let's just leave it at that. You did so well on your exams, we want to throw you a big celebration party. Any wishes or requests, just name them, and I'll make sure they happen." 
Evelina, green with envy, clenched her fists, unable to hide her bitterness. She wouldn't let Lemira get away with this so easily. The top scorer, huh? Probably cheated with the principal's help. FindNovel
Lemira's sharp gaze made Lucian's heart sink. She took a step back, celebration for me? Where do you get the nerve after you all held me back, forcing me to miss classes and play video games?" 
"Lemira, that's a bit harsh."
"There's harsher, and who are you to throw a party for me!"
Alaric raised his voice, "Because I'm your brother!"
"Not anymore."
###Chapter 185
Lemira's voice was icy-cold, "To put it accurately, you were not my brother long ago."
"You want to cut ties with me?"
"How many times have you said that before? Have you forgotten?"
Alaric felt a twinge of guilt, "I-I was just blowing off steam. I never meant any of it."
"But I did. Actions should follow words."
Lemira faced her two brothers, "I never speak just to vent. Goodbye, or rather, let's hope we don't see each other again."
Her expression was unusually serious, her fair complexion contrasting with her piercing eyes. After speaking her piece, Lemira turned and spotted Orion and Thaddeus.
A look of satisfaction was evident in Orion's gaze. Thaddeus began to clap, "Well said!"
Seeing them, Lemira felt a wave of relief wash over her.
In fact, she never wanted to voice these thoughts, as if she cared too much about the Langstons. But today, when Lucian contacted Orion behind her back and pressured him to come to the hospital, she'd had enough. "Lemira, don't think you're something special just because you aced your exams, thinking you can leave the Langston family behind! Without the Langston family, you're nothing!"
Alaric's eyes were red with anger for what she'd said. He couldn't believe Lemira cared so much. Why hadn't she said anything before? He thought she didn't care.
Lemira turned back, her gaze icy, "Without me, wouldn't you fail to even make it to the finals of the team competition? Without me, wouldn't that game program deal fall through?"
A look of embarrassment flashed in Alaric's eyes. He couldn't argue; these were facts.
Thaddeus added fuel to the fire from nearby, "Without you guys, Sweet Lemon's grades skyrocketed, becoming the top of the city. She became a gaming sensation, with teams lining up to offer her deals. She's better off without you." Orion's tone was cold, "Ask yourselves, what have you done for her all these years?"
Alaric instinctively retorted, "We have."
But then, he couldn't think of anything, more of Lemira focusing on him. He had taken Lemira's sacrifices for granted, forgetting that they should be reciprocal.
Lemira's expression was utterly indifferent, "Let's not talk about the 'blood is thicker than water' or 'we are family' excuses anymore.It's quite laughable." 
With that, she strode away.
Lucian, clutching his stomach, collapsed to the ground, feeling a profound sense of loss.
Alaric and Evelina shouted, "Lucian!"
Lemira heard their voices as she entered the elevator and saw Lucian on the ground, who was looking up at her.
She watched him emotionlessly until the elevator doors closed, cutting off all connection.
"Lemira!!!" Lucian called her name, closing his eyes tightly, finally realizing he had truly lost his sister.
Before, Lemira would have never left him in his moment of need. She always cared about him, including the time she took him to the hospital.
But Lucian realized this time was different. He was about to lose his sister for good.
---
Leaving the hospital, Lemira exhaled deeply, looking up at the sky.
Thaddeus spoke while driving, "Sweet Lemon, you should've done this a long time ago, to keep them from getting too arrogant." "You're right."
Lemira felt she should have clarified this sooner, to prevent them from thinking she was just throwing a tantrum.
From the beginning, she wasn't
joking. She had planned her steps carefully before finally leaving the Langston family. Yet, they still clung to the hope that she was just being petulant. 
Orion, sitting in the passenger seat, glanced at the rearview mirror, "It's not too late now."
Lemira felt at ease, "By the way, something's been bothering me. Dorian suddenly dropped the issue and didn't even demand an apology."
###Chapter 186
Thaddeus had an odd edge to his voice, "Well, it was that kid who started it, wasn't it? Guess he finally realized his own mistake." "Really?"
Something didn't sit right with Lemira. From what she remembered of Dorian in her past life, he wasn't the type to let things go so easily.
But maybe it was because of Evelina. After all, that fake angel would do anything to impress the Langstons.
After returning to her apartment in the afternoon, Lemira's phone wouldn't stop ringing. When she saw Alaric's name on the caller ID, she blocked him without a second thought. And then, at last, peace returned.
She knew what Alaric wanted to talk about, but she had zero interest in hearing it.
In the afternoon, she dived straight into gaming, teaming up with a trio for dungeon raids. At night, Lemira was on time for her live stream for a battle!
If she won tonight, she'd be ranked number one.
However, not long after she started streaming, Jessica messaged her. [Goddess, Evelina's bad-mouthing you in her live stream.]
[What's she saying?]
[Saying you made your brother sick enough to be hospitalized and you didn't even visit. Calling you ungrateful.]
Typical Evelina, only capable of such low blows.
Lemira didn't take it to heart and continued her stream as planned. Sure, some trolls came in to hurl insults, but her fans quickly chased them off.
Lemira was fully focused on the game, and after climbing to the top rank, she felt a real sense of achievement.
During a break, a troll spammed: [Why isn't the streamer responding? Feeling guilty?]
Lemira scoffed, "Why should I respond to baseless accusations? A few tears from a fake angel, and she can just slander others as she wants, making you all internet judges. If you're so capable, I
suggest you go solve crimel
Cry a
bibat the hardened criminals, why don't you?" 
[Don't dodge the issue, answer the question directly.]
Lemira, with her clear-cut gaze, stated, "It's no secret that my relationship with the Langstons has always been strained, something ve never hidden. Let me make it clear here and now, everything about the Langstons has nothing to do with me. I stand on my own." 
Jessica also explained in the comments: [Lemira has always been treated unfairly, something we, as her classmates, are all too aware of.]
[Lemira struggled to break away from her toxic family and become independent. Now that she's topped the city in the exams, the Langstons are trying to guilt-trip her.]
Soon, the comment section was ablaze with talk of Lemira being the top student. Videos of Lemira's interviews as the top achiever were easily found on public platforms. Lemira made the trending list once again.
Evelina, seeing the public sentiment not going her way, angrily ended her stream, her follower count dwindling by the day. But Lemira's followers kept growing. Evelina was green with envy. Couldn't Lemira just disappear?
At that moment, Evelina's phone pinged. [Evie, that Lemira is blocking your path. I can take care of her for you.]
Evelina screamed when she saw the message.
What was happening? Hadn't she blocked that number? Could this person really be her dad? How's that possible.
"Eve, what's wrong?"
Alaric walked into the room, and Evelina, panicking, shut off her phone, her hands trembling, "Nothing, just got scared by a gory video that popped up." "Who dared send you that? Give me your phone!"
Evelina turned pale with fear. That mysterious message could definitely not be seen by Alaric! She had finally found her footing in the Langston family and she didn't want to go back to her impoverished life 
QUMS
###Chapter 187
Evelina hastily pocketed her phone, "Just some feeds that popped up. Nobody sent it to me."
The last thing she needed was the Langstons catching wind of it.
After all, it was only because she was left an orphan that the Langstons had taken her in. Moreover, as for that her father might still be alive, something must be amiss behind the matter. Evelina had a sinking feeling about it all.
Evelina quickly changed the subject, "Why are you back so soon? Is Lucian feeling any better?"
"Yeah, he's on the mend."
Alaric finally withdrew his hand, "I heard you on the live stream earlier, saying Lucian got sick. What did Lemira say about it?"
Evelina sighed, "She seemed even more upset, blamed me for airing it out in front of everyone."
That was exactly what Evelina had intended. By publicly shaming Lemira, she hoped to drive her away for good.
"Don't beat yourself up over it. Lemira's changed."
Alaric glanced around the bedroom, hesitating before he spoke again, "Eve, your old room was kinda cramped, so I was thinking of redoing the guest room for you. But this bedroom, maybe we should give it back to Lemira. What do you think?" Evelina's face froze. She hadn't expected Alaric came to talk about this.
Having moved into Lemira's bedroom, she'd made it her own sanctuary. The thought of leaving it had never crossed her mind!
Especially since Lemira had declared her intention to cut ties with the Langstons, Evelina had felt like she was the true Langston heiress, entitled to the grandest room.
But now Alaric was suggesting she move out?
Alaric awkwardly added, "Eve, don't overthink it and don't get me wrong. It's just, Lemira's been quite the handful, and seems right to give her back what belongs to her."
When Lemira talked about severing ties, it had felt like a slap in the face to him. He realized he had been unfair, favoring Evelina over Lemira before, and now he needed learn to be fair. After all, Lemira cared about these things. It's time for a change.
"Alaric, what are you talking about? I wouldn't take it the wrong way. That room was Lemira's to begin with, and it's only fair she gets it back."
Evelina let out a smile, seemingly kind and sensible; though inside, she seethed with resentment towards Lemira.
Alaric let out a sigh of relief, "I knew е you'd understand. Lemira can be so stubborn; we just have to go along withat for now. Don't worry, I won't treat you bad." 
"I know."
"Oh, and about the jewelry Lemira sent you when she apologized at the party, let's get those sorted out too. Once she's back, we can return them to her."
As Evelina heard it, her smile almost cracked. She could handle moving rooms, but returning the jewelry to Lemira felt like a personal loss.
Her eyes reddened in an instant,
"Alaric, I know you asked me to keep
those pieces temporarily, but I've
worn them at those parties earlier. What if the press writes something if I show up empty-handed 
Swt time?"
"Don't worry about that. I'll pick out some new pieces for you."
"Alright, thank you, Alaric."
Though Evelina was inwardly reluctant, she had to keep up appearances.
Seeing her agree so readily, Alaric sighed, "If only Lemira were as understanding as you."
If only things weren't so complicated.
A tinge of scorn flickered across Evelina's eyes. She had always feigned being the part of the dutiful
sister only to curry favor with net
adoptive brothers. 
Who knew how much grievance she had endured.
After Alaric left, Evelina's face instantly darkened. She had thought herself nearly Lemira's equal. But reality had slapped her hard.
Her phone buzzed with another message, [Eve, no matter how well you play the part, you'll never be the Langston heiress. We're the real family!]
While Evelina read this, her eyes burned with hatred. Yes, after all her scheming and devotion to the Langston brothers, what was it all for in the end?
###Chapter 188
She could never outshine their real sister!
Evelina finally picked up her phone, opened the message she had received earlier. Perhaps it's time to start thinking of a backup plan for herself.
Once Lemira returned, there would be no place for her!
---
Lemira had been having a great few days, immersing herself in online gaming daily.
But then, she received a call from the school board, "Is this Lemira? We're calling from the school board. Regarding your recent exam results, there have been multiple accusations of cheating against you. We need to conduct an investigation into your scores and hope you can come to school to cooperate with us."
Cheating on her exams?
Lemira couldn't help but find the accusation both absurd and slightly amusing after hanging up.
She didn't need to guess who had reported her. In this world, the only person jealous of her was that fake angel.
Lemira wasn't panicked; after all, her grades were genuine.
Before heading out, she saw the empty apartment. Orion and Thaddeus had been busy at the office during the day.
The mobile game she had been working on was about to launch.
She thought it over but decided not to tell Orion, choosing instead to take a cab to school by herself. She could handle it on her own.
Upon arriving at school, Lemira found both the principal and her teacher waiting.
As she entered the office, a middle-aged man sitting on the sofa spoke up, "You must be Lemira Langston. I'm the person in charge of investigating the scores. I have some questions for you."
"Go ahead."
Lemira was perfectly calm.
The teacher added, "Lemira's recent scores have significantly improved, but she has always had a solid foundation before. It's not impossible she just had a breakthrough in the last few months; she's capable. We're not worried about verifying the papers." "We're still reviewing the exams, and we will ensure a fair and just investigation."
After the questions, Lemira spoke up, "Who exactly reported me?"
"We can't disclose that. That's all for today; we'll discuss it further back at the office."
The teacher looked a bit anxious, "Lemira really didn't cheat. Maybe if you let her retake an exam with official questions, you'll see her true ability." 
Seeing her teacher defend her, Lemira felt a touch of warmth. Her teacher believed in her after all.
The principal calmly said, "Don't worry too much. If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear."
Lemira nodded, "I know, and that's why I'm not worried."
"That's good. There's nothing more for now; you can go home and wait for further news."
After Lemira left the office, the principal took out his phone and dialed a number, "Mr. Everhart, there's something I need to inform you about."
Orion paused his meeting and stepped out of the conference room upon hearing the principal's news.
He stared out at the downtown skyline, his voice carrying a serious tone, "She went to the school just now?"
"Yes, to cooperate with the investigation. She's already left. The accuser claimed the stationery I provided Lemira aided her in cheating."
"Nonsense."
Orion knew the truth more than anyone; Lemira didn't need to cheat to excel.
His fingers tapped on the glass, his gaze profound, "I got it."
Orion hung up, his lips curving into a menacing smile. Thaddeus stepped out from the meeting, "Hey, why that sinister grin? What was that call about?" "Somebody accused Lemira of cheating on her exams."
"What the heck? Who would stoop so low?"
Orion's eyes chilled, "Some people
think they can get away with
anything, huh? Look into who made
BUT
the report, and also pull up the surveillance video of the Langston
family's adopted daughter during the exams." 
ton
He remembered Lemira mentioning that the Langston's adopted girl was prone to cheating herself.
People who believe their own tricks
were flawless often slipped during exams. If they were extending their reach that far, then he was
personally going to cut it off 
en FindNovel
QUMS
###Chapter 189
After Lemira returned to her apartment, she couldn't quite keep her mind on anything. She was convinced that Evelina was behind this latest stunt. Such a petty move, but utterly disgusting all the same. She tossed and turned over it until she finally dialed the ethics hotline, "I want to report someone for cheating on the exam."
To fight fire with fire.
Lemira wasn't entirely sure if Evelina had actually cheated, but given her track record, she probably rigged the score. Regardless, Lemira was determined to give Evelina a taste of her own medicine. Stepping out to grab some groceries, Lemira spotted a familiar car parked along the street. She quickened her pace, pretending not to notice.
"Lemira." Alaric hurried after her, "I came to give you a heads-up."
Lemira's lips twisted in a sardonic smile, "That's funny, I don't remember asking for your help."
"Lucian's come down with something nasty, can't handle the company's affairs, so Asher got wind of it. He also heard about your top score in the city."
"And?"
"Asher's flying back tonight. You know how he is. I suggest moving back in until he's gone, then you can leave again if you want. Lucian and I will keep your secret."
He knew Lemira was really hurt, that was why she had left the Langstons. He had to mend things, slowly but surely.
Lemira hadn't expected Asher to return. Yet, after the exams, it's inevitable, just like in her past life. She would have to face him eventually.
Lemira kept her expression cool, "No need."
"Lemira, going head-to-head with Asher isn't necessary. You'll only get hurt at that time. And it might even drag that school doctor into this. You know how Asher's temper, what he is capable of." Lemira's frustration grew, "I know how to handle it by myself, no need for you to meddle."
She was well aware of the complications with Asher. But she wasn't going to take Alaric's offer. Having left the Langstons, she wasn't planning on going back. Alaric sighed helplessly, resigned to finding another way.
Back at her apartment, Lemira ran a
hand through her hair, her irritation palpable. She wasn't worried for herself; she concerned that Orion would get entangled. 
After ending her live stream that evening, Orion was nowhere to be seen. Waiting on the sofa, Lemira eventually fell asleep, only to be awakened later by the front door opening. 
en FindNovel
Blinking her eyes open, she saw those two, Orion helping a drunk Thaddeus back home.
She stood up, "Did you guys have a night out?"
"You haven't slept?"
Orion took Thaddeus to his room and tossed him on the bed. He turned to look at Lemira, "You have something to tell me?" "Yeah."
Orion took off his suit jacket, loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt a bit more.
Lemira rushed to get some lemonade, setting a glass by Thaddeus' bedside before bringing one over to Orion.
His gaze lingered on her delicate
hands, his Adam's apple bobbing "What's up?" He suspected it had something to do with the fake angel's cheating accusation 
Lemira looked at him, "I've been thinking of finding a new place. I don't think I should stay here any longer." Orion raised an eyebrow, his gaze fixed on her face, detecting her unease and hesitance, "Why's that?" "Because, well, crashing here for free isn't right. I've saved up some money, so I can afford my own place now." She continued, "And if your girlfriend comes over in the future, it'd be awkward for Thaddeus to be here."
"Worried about where my girlfriend would sleep?"
His voice was husky, teasing even as he lounged on the sofa casually, shirt undone to reveal his collarbone without a hint of modesty.
###Chapter 190
Lemira felt a stir as she watched him lounge with such a careless ease, which was intriguingly inviting.
She lowered her gaze, "I was just trying to be helpful, you know."
"Don't worry, she'll share my bed," Orion said with a smirk. "Kid, you're young but your mind sure runs wild."
Lemira's mood soured instantly as she heard those words. The thought of him being so kind to another girl, sharing a bed with her even, saddened her. Her expression cooled significantly, "I'll head back to rest."
With that, Lemira turned and left, her departure marked by the forceful shut of the door. Orion, hearing the slam, arched an eyebrow. Was she angry?
"Orion, you're not being straight with her, man. You don't really have a girlfriend. That's lying."
"I didn't lie to her. Don't you share a room with your girlfriend?"
Thaddeus sipped on his lemonade, "You were just playing words with her. Sweet Lemon's thoughtful, keeping it by the bed. If it weren't for her status, I'd say she's quite the match for you." Orion's gaze darkened, "Don't joke about that."
"Alright, enough with the banter. I just got word: the exam surveillance footage was pulled up, and it's clear as day - Ms. Fake Angel cheated, an obvious evidence. What's your move?"
A smile played on Orion's lips, his eyes not following suit, "What else? Justice will be served."
Bugs needed to be squashed.
---
Back at her apartment, recalling Orion's words, Lemira wished she could knock some sense into him.
Lying on her bed, she felt distressed. For a while, she had managed to forget about Orion's supposed girlfriend, hoping if ignored, it would feel like it never happened. But that was just wishful thinking.
The reason she had brought up moving out was to avoid bringing trouble to Orion from Asher finding out she lived outside. Because of this matter, sleep eluded her that night.
The next day, she got a call from
Hogan, "Ms. Langston, the game you helped develop is going live. We need all hands on deck for a final meeting, and as a technician, you've got to take a part. Can you make it this afternoon?" 
"I'd rather not. Missing one person won't make a difference for the meeting." Lemira wasn't keen on crossing paths with the Langston family again.
"Ms. Langston, this is work-related. I get where you're coming from, but work is work. If you plan to start your own venture or anything involving the Langston family in the future, are you going to avoid it forever?" 
"Who said anything about avoiding?" After a moment, Lemira agreed, "I'll be there."
Hanging up, she felt a mix of annoyance. She wasn't one to run from her problems.
She headed to the hospital in the afternoon where Lucian was still admitted.
Walking into the room, she found a couple of team members gathered, a real meeting indeed. On her way, she even wondered if it was a trick to lure her there.
Lucian's eyes were warm as he saw Lemira, "Glad you could make it. Let's start."
Lemira listened from the sidelines, hearing some complain about the pressing deadlines from partners. She figured Thaddeus and Orion must have been busy with the game, explaining their absence. 
As the meeting concluded, Lemira made to leave without looking up.
"Lemmy, wait."
Soon, only the two of them remained.
Lucian spoke, "Did you know Asher came back last night?"
"I did, but my decision stands."
Approaching the door, she found it blocked by a group, led by a stern, handsome man in a suit. Asher spoke coldly, "And where do you think you're going?"
###Chapter 191
The moment Lemira locked eyes with Asher, her pupils shrank.
She had always been terrified of Asher when he was serious. Every time Asher came back home, she would do her best to stay out of his way, dreading his scolding. But the moment he had kicked her out of the house in her previous life, she had given up hope.
Lemira looked up, her expression icy, "If the meeting's over and there's nothing else, I guess I'm leaving."
"Leaving to where?" Asher's gaze was callous, filled with an intimidating aura.
Alaric quickly stepped in to smooth things over, "She's heading back to the Langstons for sure, where else would she go, right, Lemira?"
Alaric was desperately winking at Lemira, hoping she would back down this time. With Asher's temper, Lemira might be in for a tough time otherwise.
Evelina chimed in with fake concern, "Lemmy, now that Asher's back, why don't you stop being so stubborn?"
Alaric shot Evelina a frowning glance. Why did she have to butt in like that? Knowing full well how stubborn Lemira could be.
Lemira lifted her eyes, her gaze cold, "I'm living on my own now, independently."
"Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Alaric couldn't believe Lemira dared to answer Asher like that. Asher's question was meant to give her an out! But Lemira didn't take it!
Her tone was cool, her gaze defiant, "I'm perfectly sane."
Asher's face turned livid, "Lemira, I didn't want to believe you'd do something so outrageous. In just a few months, you've let that school doctor lead you astray!" "It's because I've had enough of the Langstons, it has nothing to do with Orion."
"You think I'd believe that?" Asher said with a grim face, "But too bad, you won't be seeing that man anymore."
Lemira's face turned pale immediately, "Asher, what are you planning to do to him?"
"What I do depends on your behavior just now. Unfortunately, you didn't pass my test, so now I'll make sure you fall in line with my own way." Lemira saw the bodyguards in the hallway and realized what was happening. She turned to Lucian, her eyes bloodshot, "So, this was all a setup?" Lucian hurried to explain, "Lemmy, I had no idea Asher would come to the hospital now."
"Enough, your explanations only make me sick."
Lemira felt her body chilly. In their eyes, she was never a complete person, just a puppet to be manipulated, forever expected to follow their script.
Asher raised his voice, "Lemira, don't
think just because you were the top student in the city, you've grown. bold. You cheated in the exams, if it wasn't for me, do you think you could've suppressed this?" 
Lemira was expressionless, "First of all, I didn't cheat, so I don't need you to suppress anything."
"Still acting tough! Everyone's seen your grades over the years. You think a sudden improvement in the last few months makes you the top few
student? You think no one would question your grades?" 
Asher refused to believe Lemira could achieve such high scores.
Lucian intervened instantly upon hearing it, "Asher, Lemira's improvement is the result of her hard work. Her teachers all say she's capable. I believe she didn't cheat."
"Enough, you and Alaric are just
wrapped around Lemira's finger. She
throws a tantrum, and you just let
her? Even Eve told me the truth,
don't think you can hide it from me." 
en FindNovel
Asher was livid after finding out about Lemira's behavior.
Lucian and Alaric both looked at Evelina, feeling a tinge of discontent. They had agreed not to tell Asher about recent events. Why would Evelina do this?
For the first time, they were dissatisfied with Evelina, someone they considered sensible. How could she have done something like this?
###Chapter 192
Evelina noticed the expressions on the brothers' faces and braved up to confess, "I'm so sorry, it just slipped out unintentionally. It's all my fault."
Asher waved it off, "Eve, how could this possibly be on you? It's your brothers who pushed you into lying. They're in the wrong here!"
Lucian and Alaric felt unjustly accused.
Alaric couldn't hold back, "Asher, the whole thing about Lemira running away, it's actually all on me. I was the one who treated her poorly and bullied her. That's why she felt so hurt and left the Langston mansion." Realizing the extent of his actions, Alaric wanted to make amends to Lemira. With an awkward look, Alaric glanced at Lemira, "I was wrong, truly. I won't be like this anymore."
He swore! He didn't want to cut ties with Lemira. She was his only sister, after all.
When Lemira heard Alaric's words, a mocking smile appeared on her lips, "A late apology is worth less than dirt. Move, I'm leaving!"
But the bodyguards at the door didn't budge.
At that moment, Asher received a call, "Lemira, you can't leave yet. The school board's coming over to investigate the cheating allegations. You better have a good attitude, otherwise even we can't save you." Puzzlement was filled with Lemira's eyes.
Hadn't the school board already investigated? The principal had even told her to wait for further news! Something didn't add up.
Evelina, hearing about the school board's investigation, was gleeful. Pretending to care, Evelina said, "Lemmy, just own up later. Maybe the punishment will be lighter that way."
Lucian glared at Evelina callously, "What are you blabbering about? She didn't cheat!"
What was Evelina up to, constantly trying to tarnish Lemira's reputation?
Immediately, Evelina played the victim, "Lucian, it's just for Lemmy's own good."
Asher quickly stood up for Evelina, facing Lucian, "Eve's doing the right thing. You've just been spoiling Lemira, and that's why she turned out this way." Lucian was deeply frustrated.
Seeing Evelina standing behind
Asher, looking pitiful, he finally understood how Lemira must have felt before. No wonder Lemira was so heartbroken that she decided to leave the Langstons. 
Lucian coldly gazed at Evelina, "Until things are cleared up, you better stop spreading these misleading statements." "Lucian, I..."
"Shut it. I don't want to hear your excuses."
Lucian was in a foul mood.
Evelina had no choice but to keep quiet, but at least she had Asher by her side, and the others had to listen to him.
Seeing Lucian defending her made Lemira feel amused. Maybe Lucian was starting to see Evelina in a different light, but she didn't care about that anymore. She discreetly pulling out her phone, trying to message Orion.
"What are you doing?"
Asher snatched the phone from her hands.
After a glance, he said, "Messaging him won't help now. He can't come."
Lemira's face was stone-cold, "I told you, it has nothing to do with him."
"Just wait for the investigators to arrive before you start making demands with such confidence!"
Asher pocketed the phone, "Being
marked for cheating will get you a five-year ban from exams. You'll have to depend on the Langston family for the rest of your life. you really think that school doctor will take care of a waste like you forever?" 
Lemira suddenly laughed, though her laughter was cold.
Her eyes were tinged with a hint of scorn, "I'm a waste? Without me, Alaric's team wouldn't even make it to the finals. Without me, Lucian's
project would never solve the
firewall issue! I'm so damn tired of your high and mighty attitudes!" 
###Chapter 193
Asher was furious, his hand flew up and landed a slap across Lemira's face.
"Lemira, you got the guts to say that again?"
The side of Lemira's face was ablaze with pain. She licked the corner of her mouth, a storm brewing within her, utterly fed up.
She thought by distancing herself from the Langstons, she could start fresh. After all, she wasn't that significant in the Langstons' eyes.
But Lemira hadn't anticipated the Langstons' persistent haunting! Her disdain reached its pinnacle!
Evelina, feigning concern, stepped in to calm Asher, "Asher, don't be mad. Lemmy's not without merit; can't say she doesn't have contributed. It's all my fault."
Lemira slapped Evelina on her face with all her might. Evelina, nearly losing her balance from the impact, wore a look of shock. She couldn't believe Lemira had actually hit her!
Covering her face which tingled with burning pain, the fake angel screamed at Lemira, "Are you crazy? You dare to hit me!"
Lemira was unperturbed, "Didn't you say that it's all your fault, that it's all because of you? In that case, slapping you won't be out of line, right?"
"Pretending to be a fricking angel, huh? How about now!" Lemira thought to herself.
Evelina was at a loss for words, her earlier admission merely lip service, not an actual acceptance of guilt.
Evelina's eyes reddened swiftly as she looked up at Asher, "Asher, if hitting me makes Lemmy feel better, then I won't hold a grudge."
Asher immediately shielded Evelina with his body, "Lemira, you're really crossing the line. Just because you've done a bit for the Langstons, does that give you the right to lord over us?" Lucian chimed in, "Asher, Lemmy's telling the truth."
"Ridiculous! Without the Langstons, would you have achieved such excellence, Lemira?"
Asher dismissed Lemira's defense as sheer audacity, especially since she had resorted to violence.
At that moment, a group approached the hospital room, "We're here to investigate the allegations of cheating."
Asher nodded at his bodyguards to let the investigators in.
He turned back to Lemira, "Now that the investigators are here, let's see how tough you talk now. When you were cheating, did you ever consider that becoming the top student might raise suspicions? Foolish!" 
Evelina, pretending to be understanding, said, "Asher, maybe Lemmy just wanted our approval so badly she took a desperate measure."
Asher scoffed, "Lemira, if you apologize and repent now, I might let you stay with the Langstons."
After all, she was his sister, and regardless of her worth, she was a Langston. A roof over her head was the least he could do!
Lemira coldly responded, "I have no desire to stay with the Langstons."
"Do you think, after being punished, with just a high school diploma, that school doctor will still want you? Once I kick you out and he finds out you're not Ms. Langston anymore, will he still care for you the same? Wake up, no one is kind to you without reason!" 
Asher was furious, feeling as if his only sister had been led astray by some outsider, even resorting to cheating.
He had never demanded his siblings excel academically, just that they avoid trouble and crime.
Lemira let out a half-smile, "You're so sure I cheated before the investigation comes to a result? Can't you hope for the best for me?"
"Do I not know your character?"
The impatience in Asher's eyes was palpable.
Alaric stepped forward to explain, "Asher, there were suspicions of her cheating during the monthly test, but I saw her complete the paperon her own, scoring highly." 
###Chapter 194
This was the truth.
When Alaric saw how rudely Asher was treating Lemira, suppressing her, he suddenly remembered how he used to do the same thing.
Alaric felt a tightness in his chest. No wonder Lucian kept saying Lemira was heartbroken, he never understood why before.
Now, Alaric got it.
Asher frowned, "Alaric, don't defend Lemira. We'll know the truth after the investigation."
Lemira crossed her arms, "I think so too."
"Looks like someone doesn't see the writing on the wall until it's too late."
Asher, disappointed, looked at the investigators, "You see, she's always been headstrong. I wouldn't be surprised if she did it. Don't worry about sparing her feelings, just start the investigation." If Lemira learned her lesson this time, maybe she'd turn over a new leaf.
Evelina was beside herself with excitement. Finally, Lemira was knocked off her pedestal.
Why should Lemira be the top of the city when she couldn't even get into a mediocre college? If she did poorly, Lemira shouldn't get off easy either.
The lead investigator looked straight at Lemira and said sternly, "We hope you'll answer honestly. Did you cheat or not?"
Lemira coldly replied, "No, and you've already asked me once. Is there any point in asking again?"
The lead investigator was surprised, "This is our first time talking to you, what second time?"
Now it was Lemira's turn to be shocked, "Really? The school was already investigated a few days ago."
She was puzzled why there would be a second investigation.
Evelina couldn't help but chime in, "Did the first investigation reveal something, prompting a second one?" She was hell-bent on disgracing Lemira!
Asher gazed at the lead investigator, "Even if you investigate again, it's fine."
The lead investigator looked puzzledly between Evelina and Lemira, "Which one of you is Evelina?"
"That's me."
Evelina looked at the lead investigator, feeling a sense of foreboding. Were they asking her to testify?
Evelina felt ecstatic, "Lemmy and I are classmates. I know her grades aren't great, though she improved a lot in the last few months. I think maybe she really did pull off a miracle this time." FindNovel
"We're not here to ask about that."
Asher, frowning, said, "Then just investigate Lemira. Why question Eve?"
"The thing is, the person we're investigating for cheating is named Evelina, not Lemira."
The hospital room fell into an eerie silence at those words. Lemira
dan eyebrow; no wonder they
so efficient. 
Hearing this, Evelina blurted out in shock, "Investigate me? Why? I didn't cheat."
But deep down, Evelina was panicking. Wasn't this supposed to be about Lemira cheating? How did it fall on her?
Did they discover her little trick? Evelina's anxiety spiked.
Asher, equally surprised, said, "Yeah, the report was about Lemira cheating, did you get the wrong person?"
"No mistake, we're here for Evelina. We need to ask her some questions."
Evelina, visibly shaken, stepped back
and looked at Asher pleadingly, "Asher really didn't cheat. What's this about? Are they accusing me of cheating?" 
She couldn't let them discover her cheating! Or she'd be doomed!
###Chapter 195
Asher's heart softened at the sight of Evelina's woeful expression.
He turned to the investigator and said, "I know Eve well, she's not the type to cheat. Besides, with her grades being this low, there's no point in cheating, is there?" Evelina choked a little at Asher's tone.
She felt quite indignant deep down, blaming her poor performance on the time she lost preparing for the team competition.
Still, she managed to show gratitude, "Thanks for believing in me, Asher."
The lead investigator was unfazed, "Sorry, but we've got to follow procedure and hope you'll cooperate."
It was curious how eager they were to investigate the other one, yet put up every possible obstacle when it came to this girl!
Rumors seemed true after all. The Langstons favored the adopted girl, mistreating their own.
Asher, with a stern face, protested, "No, you can't just investigate willy-nilly. We have a lawyer."
"Mr. Langston, resisting the investigation like this will also be noted. Are you obstructing because you have something to hide?"
"How could I possibly have something to hide? Eve is sensitive. What if this investigation traumatizes her?"
The investigator pushed back deliberately, "But Mr. Langston, you didn't seem to have these concerns when we were investigating Lemira. Is your bias that obvious?"
Lemira blasted Asher directly, "Yeah, why is it okay to suspect me of cheating and not Evelina? Who says a poor student can't cheat? Maybe she'd get a zero without cheating?" Her gaze was icy and laden with sarcasm.
Asher was momentarily speechless, his expression awkward, "Because I trust Eve, she's a good kid."
Lemira was different, always competing with Evelina for affection. It wouldn't be surprising if she resorted to such acts.
Lemira scoffed, recalling how Asher had always trusted Evelina in her past life.
Lucian added, "Asher, I trust Evelina too. But to clear any doubts, it's better to comply with the investigation."
Evelina was panicking inwardly but thought they might not have any evidence. After all, she had cheated for years without getting caught by any teachers. Even when she was once suspected, someone else took the blame for her. 
Thinking this, Evelina said, a picture of grievance, "Asher, I can handle a little injustice. As long as it doesn't tarnish the Langston family's name, I'm willing to do anything." 
Hearing this, Asher grew angry.
Stubbornly, he questioned the investigators, "Why should you investigate just because you say so? Do you have any evidence?" "We do, in fact. The classroom had surveillance cameras."
Hearing about the surveillance from
the investigators, Lemira was oddly
thrilled She had reported Fly
ЭЛЯ
a whim, not expecting to hit the jackpot. 
on
The fake angel had cheated and still scored so poorly? Quite the anomaly!
Evelina was stunned, turning pale immediately. Her hands even began to tremble. Could it be that she was actually caught on camera? Impossible, it simply couldn't be!
Asher was incredulous, "Then show us the surveillance footage."
The investigator pulled out a video on their phone, "Here, clear as day. She passed notes with the girl seated in front of her."
Watching the video, Lemira smirked, "Pretty clear footage there."
They had caught Evelina red-handed. Lemira was curious to see how Evelina would deny it this time, with the evidence laid bare.
###Chapter 196
And what would the expressions on the faces of the Langstons be like? She was actually kind of looking forward to it! Evelina was petrified, scared so much that she plopped down on the ground, thinking it was impossible she'd been caught. She had been so careful to dodge the surveillance, how could she possibly have been filmed?
What now? This was it. She was doomed. If the Langstons took a disliking to her, her future was as good as over.
After watching the video, Asher turned to Evelina in shock, "What's this all about? Eve, what have you done?"
He couldn't believe it. Evelina had actually cheated.
And after he'd just defended her so vehemently, now with the evidence, Asher felt utterly humiliated!
Evelina, feeling guilty, couldn't even lift her head to answer.
What was she to do? If she couldn't explain herself, it was all over!
She couldn't be thrown out of the Langston mansion; she couldn't lose the princess-like status the Langstons had afforded her!
Lemira raised her voice on purpose, "Evelina cheated, isn't it obvious? Asher, are you blind or what? She cheated. Do you know what that means? Need me to enlighten you?" Asher's face turned livid, from being absolutely certain to being utterly embarrassed.
Evelina took a few steps back, her face ashen. The word "cheating" felt like a needle piercing straight through her heart.
It was supposed to be Lemira who was humiliated today, how had the tables turned? This wasn't right!
Asher felt his dignity was hurt, having believed in Evelina's innocence only to have the surveillance video thrown to his face.
The lead investigator said with a mocking tone, "Is this evidence clear
enough? So, we wanted to fel
Evelina to explain the whole
situation herself." 
Knowing he was in the wrong, Asher couldn't say much more. How embarrassing!
But no matter how much the lead investigator asked, Evelina remained silent.
She didn't dare answer! Afraid that if she did, her life would be over.
él
Upon seeing this, Lemira loudly said, "Evelina, do you think by staying silent, you can escape everything? The evidence of your cheating is conclusive, and the school will definitely find out, then issue a notice to all students. According to the school rules, you'll be expelled!" 
"Stop it!" Evelina covered her head, screaming out.
She couldn't believe she had failed at such a crucial moment. She shouldn't have reported Lemira for cheating; then, nobody would have looked into her. 
Wait, Evelina suddenly thought of something and looked up at Lemira, "Did you report me?"
Besides Lemira, nobody else would report her for cheating. It had to be Lemira!
Lemira's lips curled coldly, "What are you talking about? Why would I report you?"
Of course, she wouldn't admit it now.
Evelina, grasping at straws, cried out, "Lemmy, I know you've always disliked me, thinking I stole your family from you. But you can't do this!" Asher turned to Lemira, "Lemira, tell the truth. Did you do this? Why would you be so cruel to your own family?"
Hearing this, Lemira scoffed, "Me, cruel? Evelina cheating wasn't something I forced her into."
Evelina guiltily lowered her gaze. She had to find a way out of this mess! She needed to play on the Langston family's soft spot for her!
After all, her father had saved Lemira's life; he had done the Langstons a great service!
###Chapter 197
Asher felt his authority as the head of the household challenged when he heard Lemira's retort. He couldn't help but speak up, "Lemira, this is a family matter. How can you handle it like this?"
Not to mention, Evelina's father once saved Lemira's life! Had she forgotten all about that?
Even the investigator couldn't stand it and said, "Mr. Langston, you're being unfairly biased. The one who cheated is Evelina, what does that have to do with Lemira?" "Exactly, Lemira is the top student, how could she cheat? She's already the best."
"Usually, it's the ones with poor grades who cheat, not those who is good academically. You can't exactly copy your way to being a top scorer."
Asher was momentarily speechless, his expression unnatural.
He was still struggling to accept the fact. How did it turn out that Evelina was the one who cheated?
Asher stubbornly replied, "But Evelina has always been so obedient and sensible, and it was Lemira who was first reported. Have you thoroughly investigated?"
He still felt deep down that Lemira's grades, even if improved, couldn't possibly jump to the top of the city! It all seemed a bit exaggerated!
"Lemira being the top-scorer is something we've heard of, and there's nothing wrong with her grades."
"Look, Mr. Langston, it's bizarre. You have a top scorer in the family, and instead of being proud, you're hoping her grades were achieved through cheating. What's the logic in that?"
"Right, not standing by your sister but believing a girl with poor grades and full of lies. I'll never understand the world of the wealthy!"
Asher was instantly red in the face, unable to utter a word. He incredulously looked towards Lemira, never expecting her grades to have improved so much! And the investigation found no issues! He never saw Lemira as particularly studious in their younger years!
Lemira turned to Evelina, who was sitting on the ground, "Stop playing the victim, just admit you cheated. The evidence is there anyway. Maybe if you confess, they might go easy on you." "Lemira, isn't that a bit too much?"
Lemira scoffed, "Asher, those were
Evelina's word's to me just a
In
moment ago. Now that I'm repeating them, you find them too much? Didn't you think it was excessive when this fake angel was targeting me?" 
Asher was instantly silent. He indeed hadn't noticed that. Because Evelina had always seemed delicate, he had instinctively protected her more. Asher then felt Lemira was too aggressive, "Eve is more sensible than you. Why stoop to her level?"
"Evelina, who even cheated but still couldn't get to a good college, really isn't worth my time. But I needed to warn her to stay away from me! Being tousy and yet still trying to
play tricks, she's no match for me!"
After Lemira spoke, Evelina, as if provoked, charged at her, eyes red with rage, "Lemira, how dare you say that to me? How dare you, you witch!"
Lemira grabbed Evelina's hair and landed a few slaps, dizzying Evelina.
Lemira used all her strength, showing no mercy. At this point, she was on the edge of madness. If the Langstons couldn't understand her, then let madness reign!
After being hit, Evelina, losing all
rationality, fought back fiercely. But Lemira easily pinned Evelina to the ground. The fake angel always
mindful of her slender figure was no
match for her in strength.
In that moment, all grievances, old and new, were settled. Everyone was shocked to see Lemira and Evelina come to blows, still unable to react.
###Chapter 198
Lucian was the first to break the silence, "Asher, what are you staring at? Stop them."
It took a moment for Asher to snap into action. He stepped forward, grabbing Lemira by the shoulders, "Lemira, cut it out."
But Lemira wouldn't budge and kept on hitting Evelina.
Having no choice, Asher lifted Lemira off her feet. In response, Lemira turned and bit into his wrist, only letting go when she tasted blood.
Asher winced in pain, "Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Lemira wiped her mouth, her hair a mess and her eyes cold. She spoke calmly, "You all drove me to this!"
Alaric helped Evelina up, but Evelina's face was all swollen, hair a tangled mess. She burst into tears, "Asher, you have to stand up for me. She hit me!"
Asher was overwhelmed, turning to Lemira, "Aren't you going to apologize?"
"Apologize?" Lemira turn to pick up a vase from the table and hurl it at Asher, "Evelina started it. Why should I apologize? Tell me why!"
Caught in the heat of the moment, Lemira started smashing anything she could lay her hands on, cursing, "It's always been like this. Every time Evelina cries, I'm supposed to apologize. What the hell for? What do I owe you?" By the time she was done, the room was a disaster, her fury palpable.
Finally, grabbing a nearby IV stand, she glared at Asher and Evelina, "Say it again? Apologize for what? I didn't catch that."
Rejecting guilt-tripping, she'd rather lash out! Damn, it felt good.
---
The room was in shambles. Everyone was afraid of speaking.
Asher, looking at the mess, couldn't help but say, "Lucian, look what you've turned her into. Throwing tantrums and smashing things!" Was that acceptable?
Lucian looked helpless. Lemira being pushed to this point was indeed their fault as her brothers. She couldn't be blamed for getting mad.
He looked up at Lemira, his tone tinged with guilt, "Can we put the thing down and talk this out?"
"No!" Lemira defiantly climbed onto the table, ready to go all out.
She had planned to distance herself from the Langstons, to live
separately. But if they were going to corner her, they couldn't blame her for not holding back. 
Alaric blurted out, "Lemira, that's Lucian's IV stand!"
Only then did Lemira glance down, realizing it was true.
Evelina immediately cried out, "Lemmy, take it out on me, not Lucian's IV stand. He could get hurt."
Hearing this, Lucian frowned at Evelina. He hadn't noticed before how Evelina's words seemed caring but were actually blaming Lemira. This could make anyone think Lemira was at fault!
Lucian simply removed the IV, "It's alright. I can survive."
He didn't want the IV stand to be another reason for Lemira to be blamed. He owed so much to his
sister; he would even give his life for
her 
Seeing Lucian's gesture, Lemira felt uncomfortable. She uttered coolly, "You don't need do this!"
She set the TV stand back and
pointed at Evelina, "Cry, cry, cry, that's all you fricking do. Every time you play the victim, it's like everything's my fault. So damn annoying!" 
Evelina's act was disturbed by Lemira. She hadn't expected Lemira to lose it like that!
Evelina sobbed, playing up her victimhood, "Asher, it hurts so much."
Why not use a tactic as effective as playing the victim?
###Chapter 199
At this moment, Asher was feeling more than a little awkward. He hadn't expected Lemira to just lose it! Lemira's temper seemed to be getting stronger by the day!
He looked at Lemira and said, "Enough already, why did you have to go and say all that stuff to Eve?"
"Evelina cheating is a fact! Soon, everyone will know that the Langston family's adopted daughter is a cheater. But luckily, I'm the top student, and that has nothing to do with the Langston family."
Lemira's words were sharp as knives. She thought her cold distance would bring her peace.
But the Langston family were not ones to back down easily, so she had no choice but to fight in a fierce way. If they made her life difficult, she would return the favor!
The person leading the investigation finally found an opportunity to speak, "That's right, the evidence against you, Evelina, is clear. You cheated. We'll discuss this matter and inform the school about the necessary actions." "I did not cheat!" Evelina screamed, her eyes filled with defiance.
Lemira scoffed, casting a glance at Asher and Lucian Alaric, "She says she didn't cheat. Were you guys blind?"
Lemira was curious to see how this fake angel would deny the undeniable evidence now.
Lucian confronted Evelina, "If you cheated, just admit it. What exactly happened?"
He had clearly seen Evelina cheating moments ago. There had been rumors of Evelina cheating during the mock exams at school, and eventually, another student was punished.
Thinking back, there were signs of Evelina's dishonesty even then. He couldn't believe Evelina dared to cheat on this test!
"Lucian, I, I was just passing answers to the student in front of me. She wanted to copy my work!"
In her desperation, Evelina thought of this excuse. Shifting the blame was her specialty.
Hearing this, Lemira knew exactly what the fake angel was planning. After all, the person sitting in front of Evelina was her sidekick number two.
Now, the same scenario that had happened with sidekick number one was repeating itself.
After Evelina's statement, she felt a surge of confidence and addressed the investigator, "The person in front of me wanted to copy my work. My grades are usually better than Kers, so why would I copy from someone with lower grades?" 
"So, you're admitting to conspiring with the person in front of you to cheat?"
"I did not cheat. It was her copying me."
Hope sparked in Evelina's heart. Yes, just like last time, if she could shift the blame to sidekick number two, she would be off the hook.
The person punished last time wasn't her, after all. This time would surely be no different.
The investigator spoke coldly, "Regardless of who copied whom, both of your actions constitute cheating!"
Evelina was choked on it, her anxiety rising, "But I'm innocent."
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "So, even though you knew cheating is wrong, you went ahead and did it, and now you claim innocence?"
Fuming, Evelina broke down in tears, turning to Asher, "Asher, you have to believe me. It was really the person in front of me trying to copy my answers." 
Asher was in a tough spot too. The video evidence was clear, making denial difficult. He said to the investigator, "We'll hire a lawyer to handle this."
"It doesn't matter. We'll proceed with the normal process anyway. We're leaving now and will inform you of the outcome once we decide."
Before leaving, the lead investigator
glanced at Lemira, "Lemira, my
daughter really admires you. She
thinks you're smart and a great gamer Could she get your
wan
vel
autograph to encourage her to study harder?" ,
"Lemira, my son also loves gaming, but it's affecting his grades. I'll make sure he learns from you, balancing gaming and studies." Lemira watched as they handed her a card with her photo printed on it. She was surprised at having merchandise for fans now. She took the card and wrote, "Study hard and make progress every day," before handing it back. With that, the officials left.
###Chapter 200
The hospital room fell into an awkward silence.
Lucian, with a stern look on his face, confronted Evelina, "Now that we're alone, why did you cheat? It's such a disappointment."
Even though Evelina denied it, the truth was clear to everyone.
Alaric felt let down too. Today, he suddenly realized Evelina seemed different from the person he thought he knew.
Cheating, lying, and blaming others. If it weren't for the crystal clear footage from the surveillance cameras, he might never have believed Evelina capable of cheating!
Had he been misled by Evelina before? The thought was too disturbing for Alaric, and he couldn't even dare to glance at Lemira, feeling utterly unsettled.
Evelina, choking back tears, protested, "I didn't cheat. A friend begged me to pass her the answers. I couldn't refuse it so I...."
Before she could finish, Evelina fainted.
Lemira, witnessing this fake angel's act, rolled her eyes in disdain.
Asher was concerned, "Eve's fainted! Get a doctor, quick!"
Lemira grabbed Lucian's glass of water and splashed it right on Evelina's face. Asher raised his voice, "Eve's already out cold, what are you trying to do?" Evelina remained with her eyes shut tight, refusing to wake up.
Lemira coldly declared, "Not waking up, huh? Fine, I'll splash you with boiling water next."
Frightened by the threat, Evelina immediately woke up, only to realize Lemira had no boiling water in hand.
Tricked! Evelina's face twisted in embarrassment, and then she tearfully said, "Lemmy, why would you do that?"
"Just helping you wake up after I saw you passed out. You should be thankful."
Lemira set the cup down, "Until you explain yourself, no more fainting. Or next time, I might just use pee."
Evelina was furious, "Why are you treating me like this? I'm a victim in this! It's my fault for being too soft-hearted and agreeing to pass on answers for a friend. If I knew it would come to this, I never would have done it." As long as she insisted it was all to hand over answers for helping a friend, even if she faced consequences, she could clear her name.
She definitely couldn't let anyone find out she intended to cheat!
Asher shouted, "Enough, both of you!"
He couldn't believe his family had turned into such a mess. No wonder Lucian ended up in the hospital.
Asher said, "Lucian, you rest up. I'll take these two home."
Family matters shouldn't be aired in public.
Lucian, worried, attempted to get up, "I'll come with you."
Alaric walked over, "Lucian, you should stay. I'll go and check on them. Don't worry."
He was determined to protect Lemira now. It was his way of making amends for past mistakes.
Yet, Lemira stood her ground; she eyes, her gaze merciless,
raised
"When
get
I I did I say I was going back to gston mansion?" 
Her visit today was merely for a
meeting. If it weren't for Hogan's et
kindness in her past life, she
uldn't have bothered coming to the hospital at all. 
Still, witnessing Evelina getting caught cheating wasn't a total waste of her time.
Asher was seething, "Lemira, if you walk out now, the Langston family will disown you!"
Lemira scoffed, "That's exactly what I want!" She was done entangling herself with the Langston family.
"Lemmy, don't go!"
Lucian stumbled out of bed to grab Lemira, his eyes blood-red, his tone pleading, "Asher was just angry, please don't leave!"
He realized his mistake. He wanted to make things right.
Seeing Lucian's pallor, Lemira spoke coolly, "If you want me to stay, on one condition."
"Anything, even the stars in the sky, I will fetch them for you!"
Lucian was overjoyed, believing deep down Lemira still cared
them. As long as she would forgive
them that was all that net
Lemira's eyes narrowed impassively, "The Langstons can only have one girl. Evelina or me, you choose, Lucian."
###Chapter 201
Lemira finished speaking, her gaze fixed intently on Lucian.
She watched as his expression shifted from anticipation to hesitation. A cold smirk played at Lemira's lips. This reaction was entirely within her expectations. Such lack of sincerity, and they expected her to stay with the Langstons?
Lucian struggled to find words, torn between two choices. Alaric intervened, "Lemira, don't you think you're being a bit harsh? It's us who owe you, not Eve, right?" Oh, please.
The amusement in Lemira's eyes intensified. She said that deliberately in an attempt to tear off the Langstons' mask of hypocrisy.
At this, Evelina bit her lip and said, "Lucian, Alaric, it's okay. I can leave. Growing up with you has been more than enough for me. If it means Lemira will come back, I'm willing to move out."
Asher was the first to , "No way, what does that make us then? Your father saved Lemira's life and died in that car accident because he went back to save our parents. How could we possibly abandon you?" Bringing Evelina into their home was meant as a gesture of gratitude.
Evelina lowered her eyes, feeling somewhat guilty. She had always thought her father was dead, but the man she had recently contacted, though she hadn't met him, sounded so much like her father through their conversation!
If her father wasn't dead, then who died in that car accident? And why had her father been living incognito for so many years? What secret was hidden behind that accident?
She had asked the mysterious man, but he disclosed nothing, only asking her for money.
These suspicions flashed through Evelina's mind, but she dared not show them. Fearful of the Langstons discovering the truth, she couldn't risk losing her privileged life! This secret was suffocating her.
Now, with Asher bringing up her father again, Evelina felt increasingly anxious, afraid of any unforeseen complications.
Hearing Asher's words, Lemira responded blandly, "If that's the case, then there's nothing more to say."
Asher's tone hardened, "Lemira, if you insist on leaving in a huff, then don't bother coming back, and don't expect any financial support from the Langston family." 
"Fine, but since we're laying everything out, I have something to say too."
Lemira pulled out a document from her bag, "This is a severance agreement. I've already signed it."
She had almost forgotten she brought the document to the hospital amidst all the unfolding drama. Had Asher not mentioned severing ties, it wouldn't have even crossed her mind. FindNovel
The document now lay before everyone.
Lucian, standing closest, saw it most clearly. The words "severance agreement" pierced his eyes, filling him with an unbearable pain. Lucian felt as if a weight pressed on his chest, his voice hoarse, "Lemmy, do you really have to be this heartless?"
"Lucian, let's get one thing straight, I'm not the one who initiated this eviction."
Lemira tossed the document at Lucian and turned to leave.
Lucian reached out to catch it but grasped at air, much like his failed attempt to keep Lemira by his side.
Asher, observing the document on
the floor, was visibly astonished. He
looked incredulously at Lucian and Alaric
laric "What exactly happened while I was away? Why has Lemira changed so much?" FindNovel
In the past, had he told Lemira to leave and not come back, she would have never dared defy him.
But now, not only had Lemira left, she even threw down a severance agreement, signed and everything! This was no longer a tantrum; she was serious.
###Chapter 202
Lucian let out a wry smile, "Asher! She's our only little sister, man! Why would you say something like that?"
"I just thought she was getting a bit too big for her boots, needed to be brought down a peg or two. I had no idea she'd actually leave. Anyway, once she runs out of cash, she'll come crawling back."
"That's not gonna work. I tried that before. Now She's a well-known gaming streamer, making good money. Heard she got a signing bonus of millions. Not to mention, Lemira aced her exams. She might not even need us anymore." Alaric was feeling pretty regretful by now.
Asher was at a loss for words, not expecting Lemira to have changed so much.
Seeing the situation go awry, Evelina promptly pretended to faint.
Time to shift the focus to herself, to get Asher to deal with the cheating scandal! Sure enough, as soon as Evelina "fainted", Asher scooped her up and they were off.
Lucian, clutching his stomach, said painfully, "Check who reported Lemira for cheating."
Something about this didn't sit right with him.
"Got it, Lucian. You've got to take care of that stomach of yours, really. Eve made you some soup, remember to have it."
Lucian shook his head, "It's no use. Only Lemmy's soup does the trick. I found out that the recipe came from a renowned doctor. Lemmy really put her heart into it for me before." If only he had appreciated his sister's efforts.
"I'll try to get that doctor to give us the recipe again."
"I sent someone, but the doctor refused. I just found out Lemmy had begged that doctor for a year, doing odd jobs for free, just to get that recipe!"
Alaric was astonished after hearing it, "We had no idea she did all that. I thought that recipe was easy to get."
And to think they doubted the effectiveness of Lemira's soup.
Lucian's voice was hoarse, his eyes red, "Alaric, we really messed up."
"Lucian, as long as we make amends sincerely, Lemira will forgive us. We're family, after all."
Alaric still believed, despite
everything, Lemira wouldn't cut ties completely. They had indeed gone too far, prompting her to retaliate. 
Lucian nodded, "You go ahead."
They had a lot to make up for in the future.
---
After leaving the hospital, Lemira immediately called Orion.
If Asher had laid a hand on Orion, she would definitely call the cops.
Her phone, smashed by Asher, barely responded to her touches. Lemira stood anxiously, "Come on, pick up!" "Lemira."
She looked up to see Orion, not far off, her mind going blank.
Her eyes reddened in an instant, "I'm just glad you're okay."
Orion extended his hand, "Come on, I'll take you home."
Without hesitation, Lemira ran into his arms, her fears calming down as she heard the steady beat of his heart. "Thank goodness he's fine!" she thought.
Orion, hand still outstretched, now found himself clasped in her arms. His Adam's apple bobbed, emotions swirling.
He thought his feelings had been
hidden well, but at this very moment, he realized he wasn't that
unperturbed as he thought he was. 
Lemira's presence had silently seeped into his very being, flowing slowly into his heart, forever part of him.
Withdrawing her hand, Orion gently
wrapped his arms around her,
noticing the tear drops on her.
lashes, his voice filled with
arrogance, "Don't worry about Asher. I'll handle it for you." 
###Chapter 203
If Lemira's family was nothing but a dead weight, stopping her from starting anew, he would carve out a path for her himself. Heaven or hell, no force could stop him. Hearing his voice, Lemira sniffled, "No need, I've already taken care of it. Don't mess with my brother Asher; he's not easy to deal with."
Asher was always domineering and aggressive, and she feared Orion would be at a disadvantage.
After all, Asher had some clout in Orvin, and for someone like Orion, who came from a humble background, going against Asher was like bringing a knife to a gunfight. Orion's eyes narrowed slightly, "So, you think I'm easy to mess with?"
He pulled a wry face. For years, it had always been others who couldn't afford to mess with him. There was no one he couldn't stand up to!
As Orion saw the worry and care in Lemira's eyes, the words that he intended to say were bit back.
After all, Asher might have seen him, and if he showed his face now, his identity would be exposed.
Before it happened, he could continue interacting with Lemira as a friend. But once his identity was out, he would no longer have the right to stay by her side. Orion admitted to himself that he was hesitating.
Lemira realized she was still clinging to his waist and slowly let go, her expression a bit awkward, "As long as you're okay, let's head back."
Today, she had signed the papers to cut ties with the Langston family. Given Asher's prideful nature, he surely wouldn't bother with her anymore. This was the outcome she desired.
At the moment, on the third floor of the hospital.
Asher stood in the hallway outside the emergency room, just in time to see Lemira embracing a man through the glass.
But he could only see the man's back, not his face. He frowned and said, "That man must be that school doctor, right? He shouldn't be here!"
His subordinate reported, "Boss, all the men we sent have disappeared, and we can't get in touch with any of them."
"How is that possible? What kind of power does a school doctor have?"
Alaric added, "Asher, this man must have some background. He was the one who hid Lemira in the apartment, and it took Lucian a long time to find her."
"Hmph, no matter his background,
he's just a street thug at best. I think Lemira has lost her mind. She'll
regret it and cry her eyes out soon. Starting today, cut off all of Lemira's financial support!" FindNovel
"Asher, ever since we officially adopted Evelina, and after Lemira fell out with the family, she hasn't spent a dime of our money."
Asher was surprised, "Then how has she been getting by?"
"She got scholarships from school, and she's improved a lot in the last few months. Now she's a well-known streamer on PixelStage, so she's not short on cash."
As Alaric mentioned this, the guilt in his heart deepened. Now Lemira no longer needed the support of the Langston family.
Asher hadn't expected Lemira to be independent, and he angrily said, "Just a little streamer, she thinks too highly of herself. How does that compare to being the Langston heiress?"
In his heart, Alaric thought to himself, but Lemira was the top student in her exams. Her future was bright.
At that moment, Asher received a
call, "Hello Mr. Langston, we're from Orvin University's admissions office. You're Lemira's guardian, right? We'd like to discuss her college application." en FindNovel
Asher snorted, "She won't be going to Orvin for college. She'll stay local."
After finishing his piece, Asher hung up the phone directly, "With Lemira's temperament, who knows what
trouble she'd get into at Orvin et
better for her to stay local for
It's
ve
college, at least we can keep an eye on her." 
tom
###Chapter 204
"Shouldn't you discuss this with Lemira first?"
"Why would I need to discuss it?"
Alaric felt it wasn't quite right but still didn't voice his opinion; he sighed and said, "With Eve's grades, it looks like she'll only be able to attend a local college."
"It's actually perfect, they can look out for each other. Marrying into a local wealthy family wouldn't be too bad."
Asher thought that it wasn't necessary for girls to be too ambitious; getting married early was also good.
---
When Lemira got back to her apartment, she said with some unease, "I think I should look for a new place to live."
"You're worried Asher will come looking for trouble?"
Orion now understood why she had previously mentioned moving out.
Lemira nodded, "Yeah, Asher is really stubborn and doesn't listen to others' opinion."
At that moment, Thaddeus came over, "Lemon, you might as well just head to Orvin. Given your grades, getting into Orvin University shouldn't be a problem. It might be better to get used to life there sooner rather than later." In a place like Orvin, Asher wouldn't be able to touch her!
Lemira thought this suggestion was great; she instinctively looked towards Orion, waiting for his advice.
Orion's expression was calm, "That sounds like a solid plan." Once she was at Orvin, she would be out of the Langstons' reach.
Lemira smiled, pressing her lip, "Then it's settled. I'm moving to Orvin!"
She suddenly thought of something and instinctively looked at Orion, "But then, we don't know when we'll see each other again."
Orion avoided her gaze, "Kid, focusing on your studies is what you should be doing."
Lemira felt a bit disheartened as she withdrew her gaze.
Thaddeus tried to lighten the mood, "All good things come to an end. hope, Lemon, that you can lead a wonderful life at Orvin, free from the shadow of the Langstons. 
Lemira managed a smile, "You're right."
After all, Orion didn't like her. She shouldn't harbor any other feelings.
Lemira felt a bit down, "I'll go plan for it now." She almost ran away!
After Lemira left, the room went silent.
Thaddeus looked at Orion meaningfully, "Having second thoughts?"
"Her going to Orvin means she's finally free from the Langston family. There's no second thoughts, just happy for her!"
"That's the way. Take this chance to say a proper goodbye to Lemon. The closer you two get now, the deeper the hurt will be for her later." Orion suddenly felt irritable, "I don't need you to remind me of this."
Thaddeus watched his back, recalling how Orion had gathered people to rush to the hospital when he heard Lemira was there.
When had they ever seen Orion lose control like that before?
---
Lemira hardly slept that night.
Even though she was thrilled about going to Orvin and finally getting away from the Langston family, the thought of not being able to see Orion often after she left made her feet somewhat lost. FindNovel
The next morning, she was woken up by a call from her teacher.
"Lemira, why did you turn down the invitation from Orvin University's admissions office? Your grades could easily get you into theintop programs!" 
"What? I didn't turn it down. I never even received a call from the admissions office."
Startled, Lemira was instantly wide awake!
Orvin University was her dream! How could she possibly reject it!
###Chapter 205
Lemira had a chat with her teacher and then confirmed that the call might have been from a family member! Maybe it was Asher, maybe Lucian.
Just like in her past life, they made the same decision, choosing her college behind her back.
In her previous life, despite having top grades, she was forced to attend the same lesser-ranked college as Evelina!
The excuse was that it would be good for the sisters to look after each other. If she disagreed, they threatened to cut off her allowance and all financial support.
Lemira's gaze turned icy, "You know how things are with my family. I didn't expect them to make decisions for me like this. But I'm determined to go to Orvin University. I need to change my account and password." "Alright, I understand. I'll immediately get in touch with the admissions office at Orvin University. You should come by too, to make sure everything is set."
The teacher knew the Langstons favored one child over the other but didn't expect it to be to this extent.
A top student like Lemira refusing an invitation from Orvin University was like sabotaging her future!
After hanging up the phone, Lemira washed her face, changed her clothes, and prepared to leave her apartment.
Before leaving, she glanced at the neighboring apartment's door.
After a moment's thought, she decided not to tell Orion about this. It was her own issue to handle. She couldn't depend on Orion too much.
In the afternoon, Lemira took a cab to the school alone. Upon arrival, she met with the admissions officer from Orvin University.
The teacher introduced, "This is Lemira. I've briefly explained her family situation to you, and that doesn't reflect Lemira's own wishes."
"Understood. Based on your grades, Lemira, you're eligible for our flagship programs in Finance, Computer Science, and Mathematics. It depends on your interests; we can discuss further."
Lemira had already made up her mind; she was interested in Computer Science and Medicine.
After her conversation with the admissions officer, a couple of hours had passed. Leaving the meeting room, she saw the sunset outside and felt the warmth of the air 
en FindNovel
Lemira's mood was lightened; at least in this life, no one could change her college application choices.
"Lemira, what are you doing here?" Asher was surprised to see Lemira, "You're not here to kick us while we're down, are you?"
Lemira's tone was cold, "Why can't I be here? Do you own the school?"
"Lemira, what kind of attitude is that?"
"You get what you give."
Lemira's disdain was palpable, and
she didn't even bother to hide it.
Especially after finding out they had tampered with her college
applications again, her disgust knew no bounds. 
en FindNovel
Evelina, feeling anxious, deliberately sobbed, "Lemmy, are you here to testify that I cheated? Why would you slander me like that?"
Investigations into cheating usually required testimony. Evelina was sure Lemira wouldn't say anything good about her.
Asher frowned immediately, "Lemira, what exactly have you been telling the school? You know there are consequences for spreading rumors!"
Lemira, in a simple white T-shirt,
showed frustration and irritation a
voice from behind her came, "Mr. Langston, Lemira is here for something else, not because of Evelina." 
en FindNovel
The teacher quickly stepped in to explain.
Asher furrowed his brows, "Then what is she doing here? It can't be anything good!"
Ever since Lemira presented the agreement to sever ties, Asher had been too angry to sleep the previous night.
"This is actually a great matter. An admissions officer from Orvin University personally came to the school to discuss Lemira's application choices with her."
###Chapter 206
The teacher seemed to do it on purpose. He couldn't fathom why the Langstons were against Lemira attending Orvin University. "Are they nuts?" the teacher wondered quietly. Asher's face turned sour in an instant, "Haven't I already turned down the admissions officer from Orvin University?"
"But it's Lemira's own dream. She deserves to make her own choices, even her family shouldn't stand in her way." "No way, I won't allow it!"
Asher looked directly at Lemira, "With your temperament, you'd only stir up trouble at Orvin. Who would be there to bail you out? Staying local is the best option for you." When Evelina heard Lemira could go to Orvin University, envy bubbled up inside her. Why couldn't she get in, yet Lemira could do so effortlessly?
Evelina echoed, feigning concern, "Yeah, Lemmy, stay here with me. It's better with family around to look out for you. Why leave everything behind for a place so far away?" Why did Lemira get to go to Orvin University!
Lemira smirked, "For someone like you who couldn't even get into a community college, Orvin University would be a daydream for you. Expect me to stoop to your level? Don't you feel shameless?" Evelina was left speechless, her face turning a bright shade of red.
The admissions officer walked up to Asher and shook his hand, "Mr. Langston, your sister you raised up is truly exceptional. It would be a shame if she didn't go to Orvin University."
Asher's face stiffened, given Lemira's sudden academic surge was as surprising to him as to anyone else.
He spoke with a cold expression, "But we've always kept our kids close to home. Orvin University isn't the right fit for her."
Lemira's tone was impassive, "Have you forgotten? I signed a severance agreement yesterday. I'm no longer a Langston. You have no say in my future!"
Asher felt his pride wounded,
"Lemira, getting cocky, aren't you? Think you're something special because you aced an exam? In the end after graduation, you'll still need the Langston family!" 
The admissions officer quickly let go. of the hand, turning to Lemira and saying, You don't need to worry about employment, Lemira. Ofvin University has its reputation 
OUMS
"To think of putting a top scorer and a community college student in the same school, never seen someone being so much of favoritism. What a nutcase!" Someone from the admissions office made sure Asher heard that as he walked away.
This only fueled Asher's fierce temper towards Lemira.
"Now are you satisfied, Lemira? What's there to be proud of!"
Lemira's lips curled slightly, "Well, being the top in the city does feel pretty satisfied. Unlike some, who couldn't even cheat their way above the line." Evelina's face red with anger, "I didn't cheat! It was Judy who begged to copy my answers."
The teacher couldn't stand it anymore, "Did Judy come?"
That was when a plain-looking middle-aged couple approached, their eyes shrewd, "Judy admitted to cheating. She was too ashamed to come to school and ran away. We're here to apologize on her behalf." 
Something felt off to Lemira upon hearing this. She glanced at Evelina secretly, whose expression remained unnervingly calm, as if she had anticipated all of this. Was what happened to Wendy repeating?
Lemira spoke up directly, "I think Judy herself should come to school to own up."
What if Evelina had bribed Judy's parents to lie for her?
###Chapter 207
As soon as Lemira mentioned it, Evelina's face visibly crumbled into panic.
Evelina whimpered in grievance, "Even Judy admitted it. Nothing would change even if she were here in person."
It was because Judy didn't want to take the blame, so she went out of her way to bribe Judy's parents to come and testify on her behalf.
Judy's parents nodded in agreement, "That's right, this whole mess was our daughter's doing. We're willing to accept the blame and the punishment, just please leave Ms. Sterling out of it."
Why bother with college for a girl like that when the Langston family's money could easily cover her brother's tuition?
The teacher found himself in a bind, "No, we still need Judy to come to school herself."
Evelina's face tensed noticeably, cursing under her breath that everything was supposed to be perfectly arranged until Lemira spoke up.
Asher, hearing this, turned to the teacher, "Could I have a word with the principal alone?"
The teacher nodded, and Asher turned to reassure Evelina, "Don't worry, nothing will happen. I believe you're innocent."
"Thanks for believing in me, Asher."
Evelina offered a disarming smile as she watched Asher and the teacher leave.
Lemira scoffed, "Whether Judy admits it or not, it won't change the fact that you cheated."
Evelina would still be punished, her grades invalidated!
Furious, Evelina clenched her teeth, "Doesn't matter. As long as Asher believes I'm innocent. The family's loaded; I can still go to college!" Lemira didn't bother with more words, just turned and left.
Evelina felt uneasy as she turned to the middle-aged couple, "So, Judy really agreed to take the blame?"
"That brat won't accept it. After we gave her a piece of our mind, she ran off As long as we, her parents, admit to it, it's fine. Just don't forget the money you promised us, Ms. Sterling." 
"Don't worry, as long as you keep Judy from spilling the beans, you'll get your money."
Evelina was still not at ease. If Judy talked, how could she face the Langstons?
Her phone chimed with a message from an unknown number. [Found Judy. I'll keep her quiet. No one will stand in your way, sweetheart.]
Reading this, Evelina paled and
quickly dialed back, but it was a disconnected number. She pondered over it, thinking if Judy could indeed be silenced, that would be for the best! 
Days later, after Lemira submitted her college applications, feeling a weight finally lift, she got a shocking message from Jessica. [Goddess, did you hear Judy's dead?] Dead?
Lemira clicked on the news link,
which reported a hiker finding a young woman who had hung herself in the mountains, identified as a high school student suspected of
eligh
cheating and she committed suicide for being unable to bear the shame. 
Lemira felt a heaviness settle in her heart once reading the news.
Was it really suicide? Judy always seemed too thick-skinned for such an act, even if she faced expulsion.
Jessica added. [Evelina was involved too, but with Judy's suicide, the school concerns the influences and might lighten her punishment to avoid another tragedy.]
[If someone wants to kill themselves, it definitely won't be that fake angel.]
Lemira knew Evelina too well. But the situation was utterly complicated. The idea that Judy would die was unfathomable.
How was that possible? Could Evelina have silenced her permanently? Or was it the Langstons?
The truth was murky to Lemira, but she was sure that Judy's suicide wouldn't be that easy. However, the police seemed convinced it was a suicide.
That was when Lemira got a call from Orion, "Hey, you free tonight?"
"Yeah."
###Chapter 208
"Get yourself dolled up in a nice dress, I'll pick you up later."
Lemira's heart skipped a beat, "Where are we going?"
"You'll see then."
After hanging up, Lemira couldn't help but let her imagination run wild, but she soon regained her composure.
After all, this guy wasn't known for joking around. Asking her to dress up wasn't for a date; there had to be something else.
She decided to wash her hair and change into new clothes, feeling a bit anxious.
"Come down."
When Lemira reached the parking lot, she saw Orion standing by the car, dressed in a sleek black suit, his hair meticulously styled, looking exceptionally dapper.
Lemira felt a twinge of nervousness, "Where are we really going?"
"An important event."
Orion made it a point to open the passenger door for her. As Lemira got in, she couldn't help but steal glances at the man next to her, her mind racing about where they could possibly be heading. Soon, they pulled up outside a convention center.
Stepping out of the car, Lemira suddenly remembered something as she observed the place - this was the city's outstanding young achievers award!
In her past life, Alaric had been chosen as an outstanding young achiever after his team won a national competition. That day, Alaric had brought Evelina along for the event and the press interviews. Lemira followed Orion into the hall, and they were immediately approached by a staff member, "You must be the top scorer, Lemira, right? Please come with me to prepare; you'll be giving a speech shortly." Lemira turned to Orion in surprise.
His voice was gentle, "Your contribution to the successful launch of that game, coupled with your academic achievements, has given you a shot at being recognized as an outstanding young figure. This could be very beneficial for your future endeavors." Lemira was well aware of the prestige attached to this award.
In her previous life, Alaric had used this recognition to secure an investment, propelling his gaming platform to success.
If she wanted to start her own
gaming team or venture, this award
could indeed be very useful. Lemira went to the green room with the staff member to get prepared. en FindNovel
"Lemira, why are you here?"
BUMS
Lemira turned to see Asher and Alaric. She looked away indifferently, focusing on her upcoming speech.
Asher, seeing her cold demeanor, bristled, "Think you're too good for us now that you're a top scorer and got into Orvin University?" "Asher, cut it out. Maybe she's just here for the event."
"What right does she have to be here? What has she done besides getting good grades?"
Asher felt his authority was being challenged by Lemira's defiance.
Lemira scoffed, standing up and saying, "What does it matter to you whether I qualify to be here?"
She left the green room with her speech in hand.
Asher was livid, "Look at her, and you two are defending her?"
"Asher, Lemira's always been excellent. If she wins, it reflects well on the Langston family. Why can't you just give her some credit?" Alaric couldn't understand Asher's need to belittle Lemira.
He was starting to see things from Lucian's perspective, realizing how he had been in the past. No wonder Lemira held a serious grudge against them. 
"You think Lemira can win? As if she's anything special?"
Asher stormed off to the venue and took his seat, eager to see how Lemira would fare. To his surprise, Lemira was seated in the front row, a well-dressed man by her side. 
en FindNovel
Catching a glimpse of the man's profile, Asher felt a pang of familiarity, "Who's that guy with Lemira?"
###Chapter 209
Alaric glanced at the man seated next to Lemira in the front row, his expression stiff, "That's the school doctor over there."
"The school doctor? He looks somewhat familiar to me!"
"Asher, have you met that school doctor before?"
Asher squinted his eyes, "It might just be a resemblance. After all, that person's stature is such that even I've only seen him from a distance."
In terms of social standing, the Langstons couldn't hold a candle to the Everhart family, the top clan in Orvin.
It was unlikely that their son would be found in such a place, let alone entangled with Lemira. He must have been mistaken.
The emcee, microphone in hand, announced, "Hello, everyone. Welcome to today's event. We are proud to announce the winner of the young achiever award. The youngest recipient in our history and the top scorer of the recent exams - Lemira Langston!" Asher's face fell instantly, "How's that possible? She actually won." When did Lemira become so accomplished?
Hearing her name, Lemira looked at Orion in shock.
Alaric beamed, "Isn't this great? My sister being so brilliant is just fantastic."
But Asher felt as if his punch had landed on cotton - powerless and ineffective. He was in a subtle mood.
Taking a deep breath, Lemira stepped onto the stage. Her new life was beginning.
After Lemira's speech, the emcee interviewed her, "Lemira, not only are you the top scorer, but you've also been involved in game development, which has been hugely popular.
Being so successful at such a young age, you've mentioned that your family has been a big influence, right? Today, the Langstons are here. Would they like to say a few words?" The microphone was promptly handed to Asher.
Holding it felt like handling a hot
potato. With all eyes on him, Asher felt his face burning, "Lemira's achievements, of, of course, couldn't have been possible without ou
family's nurturing and eat
As a seasoned businessman, Asher was adept at saying things in a diplomatic way.
People around Asher, who were his old acquaintance, congratulated him, "Congrats, Mr. Langston, for having such an exceptional sister."
"How did you nurture such a brilliant sister, Mr. Langston? You must share your secrets with us."
Asher wore a smile, "Sure, sure. She's got good grades, but her personality is a bit off-track."
He hadn't expected Lemira's academic title to be so advantageous. If Lemira recognized her mistakes, he was willing to let bygones be bygones and allow her to stay with the family. Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile as she heard this. The Langstons really had thick skins.
After Asher's speech, the emcee turned to Lemira, "Ms. Langston, anything to add?"
Lemira looked at Asher with a half-smile, "find it amusing. Claiming credit for my achievements without having contributed anything, yet shamelessly attributing it to the Langston family's education?" 
The emcee was taken aback, "Ms. Langston, what do you mean?"
"It's simple. Before the exams, they forced me to take leave for a team competition, threatening to cut off my allowance otherwise. Thankfully, I survived on scholarships until the exams. Even when my grades improved significantly and I was accused of cheating, they forced me to admit guilt rather than believe in me. How can they claim to be my family?" 
Lemira continued, her attitude composed and dignified, "Moreover, I've already severed ties with the Langstons. I have no family now!" Her words were like a bombshell, causing an uproar. Asher's face turned livid with rage, embarrassed like never before.
How would Lemira dare to say such things in front of the media? Struggling to breathe, Asher clutched his chest.
Alaric quickly supported him, "Asher, calm down. We wronged Lemira to begin with. It's only natural for her to be upset."
###Chapter 210
When Alaric heard the conversation, he recalled instantly the time when he pressured Lemira into the match, a wave of guilt washing over him.
He was relieved Lemira hadn't been affected; otherwise, her grades would have suffered.
"Didn't the Langstons raise her? To cut ties over some grievances, who does that like her?"
"Lemira, come down here and explain. How have the Langstons wronged you?"
Asher felt like he was the center of a joke, an embarrassment he had never experienced in this circle. All these were brought by Lemira.
Lemira descended from the stage, her gaze expressly icy, "Yesterday, did you reject a call from Orvin University's admissions, telling them I wouldn't attend?" Asher's face changed, at a loss for words.
"Did you demand I stay local, to attend the same school as the Langston's adopted daughter who didn't even make it to the community college?" Lemira pressed on. The crowd was in shock.
"Lemira as a top scorer going to Orvin University is an envious achievement. To think the Langstons would turn away."
"Exactly, if I had a daughter like her, I'd rent out a restaurant for three days straight to celebrate. If even the hobos didn't know about it, I'd consider it my failure."
"The Langstons prefer a failure over their own talented sister? Must be blind!"
Hearing these murmurs, Asher exploded in exasperation, "It's not like that. Staying local is for your own good!"
"For my good?" Lemira's gaze dripped with sarcasm, "For my own good, you asked me, a top scorer, to study at a community college with someone mediocre? That's your idea of what's best for me? Spare me the Langstons' kindness." Asher couldn't meet Lemira's eyes, guilt-ridden.
Alaric jumped in, trying to defuse the tension, "Asher didn't mean it. Don't take it the wrong way!"
"And you!" emira turned to Alaric, "Forcing me to skip classes for a video game tournament, relying on me to win the playoff. Without me, you didn't stand a chance in the finals." 
Alaric felt a pang of guilt, "Sorry, it's all on me. I should've never pressured you. Thankfully, your grades weren't affected."
"I don't need your apologies, but I'm done with the Langstons. Make sure you understand that."
Lemira turned and left the venue, determined to cut all ties with the Langston family.
Asher, fuming, gazed at his secretary, "Keep this under wraps. We can't let it spread." Otherwise, the Langston family would become a laughingstock.
Asher looked around, "She's just had some squabble with us. Teenagers, you know how hard it is to discipline."
Alaric was anxious, "Asher, why turn away Orvin University's offer? Lemira's the top scorer. Our parents would be thrilled if they know we have an Orvin student in the family."
Asher, lost for words, remained
stubborn, not willing to admit he did
something wrong, "For her
temperament, what if she causes
trouble at Orvin University. Staying local is best for her."
"Asher! She's got us to look out for her at Orvin. What trouble could she make? Why can't you think it straight?"
Realizing Asher's mistake, Alaric hurried out after Lemira.
Lemira walked alone, Orion by her side, "Feeling better?" "Yeah."
"Ready to stop avoiding them?"
Lemira's lips were curled into a cold smile, "I thought distancing myself from the Langstons would let me start anew. But now I notice some just don't learn until you spelit out for them." 
After speaking her mind, she felt a weight lift off her shoulders. "Lemmy, wait up for me!"
###Chapter 211
Lemira heard Alaric's voice but didn't even bother to turn her head. She had nothing to say to anyone from the Langston family anymore.
Lemira got directly into the passenger seat, while Alaric tapped on the window, "Lemira, don't take what Asher said to heart."
Lemira's gaze was icy, "I never take to heart what insignificant people say."
Insignificant people?
A sting of pain shot through Alaric's heart, and he stuttered, "Lemira, Asher's always been like this, cares too much about his pride. You publicly made those remarks, making him feel embarrassed, that's why he's angry. We're still family, aren't we? Does it have to come to this?"
Lemira chuckled, "Family? I cut ties with you all a long time ago. We're no longer family. Better we act like strangers from now on."
Orion stepped on the gas and drove off, leaving Alaric no chance to continue the conversation.
Watching the car disappear, Alaric slumped to the ground, took out his phone to message Lemira, only to realize he had already been deleted. Recalling what he had said to Lemira before, he was filled with regret.
Asher stormed out, fuming, "Where's Lemira? How dare she speak out of turn in front of the media? I must teach her a lesson this time!"
"Asher, she's already gone. We've let her down, and that's why she left the Langston family, we owe her."
"You idiot, still taking Lemira's side? I see she's become arrogant and defiant, all because you and Lucian spoiled her. Now she's relying on that school doctor? I'll have someone destroy her support. Just a mere school doctor, I can crush him with a flick of my wrist!" Asher went completely berserk!
Seeing Asher's retreating figure, Alaric hurriedly called Lucian, "Lucian, it's bad. Today at the convention center, Lemmy was awarded the city's outstanding young achiever reward, but she declared in front of the media she's cutting ties with us. Asher's lost it, wants to go after her and that school doctor."
Lucian immediately got out of bed, "I'm on my way, try to calm Asher down. We can't let him hurt Lemmy."
The attending doctor protested hurriedly, "Mr. Langston, you're still under treatment, you can't leave."
Lucian yanked out the IV and left the hospital without even changing his clothes. He tried calling Lemira, but there was no answer.
Lucian covered his stomach, feeling
painful for the sickness. [Lemmy where are you? Asher's furious he's lost his senses, don't go back to the apartment.] 
Lemira had just stepped out of the
car when she saw Lucian's message and instinctively frowned, "As
expected, they'll never e
what respect means." 
Orion, noticing the message on her phone, had a chill in his gaze, "Planning to leave?"
"No, if it's going to end, it should end completely."
Lemira seemed to have made some resolution, looking at Orion, "I can handle this myself."
"Are you sure?"
Orion's expression was grim, the Langstons really were like a bad penny.
Lemira's gaze was determined, "Yes, if they continue to be delusional, it's time they come to their senses."
She already had a plan. Turning to Orion, she said, "I need to use the computer in the study."
Lemira sat at the computer and hacked into the Langston Group's official website.
In her past life, an internal technician of Asher's company turned traitor leaking business secrets and nearly bankrupting the Langston Group. 
It was she who had fixed the internal system's vulnerabilities and even found the traitor, saving Asher from crisis.
###Chapter 212
Later, she was the brains behind the firewall source code of the internal system, crafted to prevent a repeat of the same debacle. But this time, she was determined to reclaim her efforts. Orion lingered at the doorway of the study, catching a glimpse of her resolute expression, and chose not to interrupt.
Although he was in the dark about what Lemira was plotting. But judging by her demeanor, it seemed she had things under control. If not, he was ready to step in and clean up the mess for her. Just as Lemira logged off the system, a series of urgent knocks echoed from the other side of the door.
She let out a scoff, "Finally shown up."
Lemira walked out of the study, facing Orion, "Maybe you should hide?"
He raised an eyebrow, "Am I that much of an eyesore?"
"That's not what I meant. I think Asher is here to stir up trouble, and I'm worried he'll start by knocking you out."
Lemira pushed Orion back into his room, "It's my own battles, so let me handle it."
Orion, left with no choice, retreated to his room.
Turning around, Lemira opened the apartment door, only to find it wasn't Asher waiting outside but Lucian!
Her expression turned icy, "Why are you here instead?"
Lucian seated in a wheelchair, pale-faced, "I managed to stall Asher. You need to come with me now!"
Lemira took a step back, creating distance between them, "I'm not going anywhere."
"Lemmy, don't be stubborn. Asher is furious and capable of anything. Come with me first, and I'll handle the explanation to Asher."
"I don't need your explanations. I've decided to cut ties with you all, and this is the fact, I'm not joking."
Lucian's face turned even paler, "We're family. Are you really going to sever ties over some minor misunderstandings?"
He had always doubted Lemira's intent to cut off relations until she announced it publicly, sending him into a real panic.
Lucian desperately tried, "I truly regret my past mistakes and want to make it up to you. Can't you give me another chance?" Lemira scoff, "Save your fake apologies. I don't need it."
"Lemira, how can you speak to Lucian like that? He skipped surgery just to come here for you. Look at what you've become!"
Asher appeared from the elevator,
his face stern, "I was willing to give you a chance before, but now I see you need a proper lesson to avoid bringing disaster to the Langston family!" 
Lemira lifted her eyes, "I've already severed ties with the Langston family, yet you're still so arrogant. Before I go, I have a gift for you."
"Hmph, Lemira, you're scared now?
Too late! Unless you end things with that school doctor and come home to apologize on your knees, making amends with Eve, I might consider not pursuing your actions. 
Lemira only found it laughable. She coldly spoke, "Asher, do you recall who wrote the Langston Group's firewall source code?"
Asher hesitated, "Why bring that up? Don't think you're entitled to meddle in these affairs just because you dabbled in game development!"
At that moment, Asher's secretary
rushed over, panic-stricken, "Boss, our internal system has been hacked, the firewall has collapsed, and I fear our confidential information might be leaked 
Asher turned to Lemira, "What did you do? How could you possibly manage this?"
Lucian offered a bitter smile, reminding him, "Asher, the Langston Group's firewall source code was Lemmy's work. Have you forgotten?"
###Chapter 213
"Are you saying Lemira wrote the code?"
When Asher heard this, he was stunned for a good moment before responding, "How... How did I not know about this?"
And Lemira, so young and already this extraordinary?
"Asher, I mentioned this to you before, you just forgot. Lemmy has done so much for our family in silence, and we've all overlooked it."
Lucian also started to realize just how wrong he had been before.
Asher was somewhat at a loss for words, "I thought you were the one who wrote the code, and she just helped out a bit."
He had thought Lucian was just saying it was Lemira to make his sister feel good. But it was actually true.
The secretary anxiously said, "Boss, the tech department is out of options, what do we do? If this gets out, the company is going to face serious trouble."
"What's the tech department even good for, can't even match up to a young girl?"
Asher was feeling embarrassed; he stared at Lemira, "What do you want to do? Just because I forgot you wrote the source code, this is how you get back at me?"
It was just a forgotten detail. How important could it be?
Lemira was also a Langston; what's wrong with making a contribution?
"Yes," Lemira admitted bluntly.
Her gaze was icy, "Asher, you don't have the luxury to be picking a fight with me right now, your problems are much bigger. I suggest you find someone to fix this issue before all the company secrets are leaked." "Lemira, how dare you? All these years, you've been living off the Langston family, everything you had was because of the Langston Group. And now you want to harm the Group, do you have no conscience?" Lemira stood at the door, coldly saying, "First off, our parents left us all a trust fund, my education expenses were deducted from there."
"Fine, fine, even so. What about all these years Iving with the Langston family? Your food, your clothes, your shelter, Weren't they all provided by the Langston family? Every birthday we would buy you expensive gifts, doesn't that count for anything?" 
"Have you forgotten? Ever since our parents died, I stopped celebrating my birthdays. It was always Evelina's celebrations, and you always bought her expensive gifts, that has nothing to do with me." "Nonsense, I clearly remember buying you an antique tiara."
Lemira's lips curled coldly, "That gift was taken by Evelina long ago."
"That's impossible, that was meant for you, how could Eve take it?"
Asher instinctively looked towards Lucian, his gaze accusatory.
Lucian answered guiltily, "Asher, it was a misunderstanding. Lemmy and Eve had a fallout, and in an attempt to apologize, Lemmy acted out, ending up giving those gifts to Evelina."
"An apology doesn't mean you give away the gifts I bought. Lucian, how could you handle things this way?"
Asher felt his pride wounded and was also somewhat upset.
Lemira pulled out an envelope filled with cash, "Here, I've calculated the cost of my meals over the years, a total of ten thousand dollars. We're even now, I have no further ties with the Langston family!" 
Lucian was thrown in a stack of money, his hands trembling, not daring to accept it. Asher was furious, his face livid, "Lemira, don't think I won't discipline you for this."
Lemira lifted her head, her gaze frosty, "Mr. Asher Langston, Mr. Lucian Langston, I suggest you leave now. Otherwise, my next step will be to release the Langston Group's system source code. Then, every piece of data the Langston Group owns will be in the hands of hackers outside. Your competitors would be thrilled." 
Asher trembled with anger, "You, you...Fine! Lemira, from today onwards, I, Asher, am cutting ties with you as a sibling. I will never forgive you, nor will I ever acknowledge you as my sister again!" "Asher! How could you say such a thing!" Lucian quickly grabbed Asher, "She's our one and only sister. We promised Mom and Dad to take good care of her."
"But if it wasn't for Lemira, Mom and Dad wouldn't have died in that car accident!"
###Chapter 214
Asher's eyes were a fiery red, "If only we knew what Lemira would turn into, Eve's dad should have saved our parents first, not her!"
The scene of the accident years ago seemed to flash through Lemira's mind. She could barely stand, leaning heavily against the door frame, the details of that day eluding her. Her heart felt like it was in a vice, making it hard to breathe. In a fit of anger, Asher threw off his jacket, "Lemira, you always think we favor Evelina, but we took her in for you, to make up for what happened. You not only caused our parents' death but also Evelina's dad's. If you want to leave, then so be it!" With those words, Asher turned and left via the elevator.
"Asher, come back!" Lucian was both anxious and angry, turning to Lemira, "Lemmy, Asher's just blowing steam, don't take it to heart."
Lemira was visibly shaken. Orion stepped forward, supporting her on the shoulder, his gaze filled with concern, "You okay?"
Lemira shook her head, her voice hoarse as she asked Lucian, "I can't remember what happened that day of the crash. Did I really cause our parents' death?"
"No, it wasn't your fault. It was an accident, the other driver ran a red light and hit our parents' car. They're the real criminal!"
Orion's pupils constricted at the mention of the criminal, a sharp pain spreading from his gaze.
Lemira was skeptical, "But Asher didn't make it sound that way."
"Asher was just venting, you know how he is."
Orion saw Lemira's distress, "He made it clear, it wasn't your fault."
Wiping away her tears, Lemira looked at Lucian, "Go. From now on, I have nothing to do with the Langston family."
"Lemmy, listen to me."
Orion interrupted Lucian, "After everything, do you really think you or anyone from the Langston family deserves her forgiveness? A simple apology can erase the hurt you've caused each time?"
Lucian's eyes reddened, "I-I truly regret it."
He had tried to stop Asher and even Alaric.
"If you really care about Lemira, then stop disturbing her."
Orion pushed Lucian out and shut the door firmly.
Lucian, left outside, felt a sharp pain in his stomach, but it was nothing compared to his heartache.
Then, Alaric came running from the elevator, Lucian, I saw Asher storm off. He's headed back to Orvin, something about a company crisis. How's Lemira? Is she okay?" 
Lucian, wiping blood from the corner of his mouth, brushed it off, "She's fine. Let's go."
"Lucian, didn't you say you'd do anything to win her back?"
"Maybe staying away from her is for the best. We're the ones to blame, not her. We shouldn't disturb her new life."
Lucian hit himself on the head in frustration, "If only there were a pill for regret. I will never let this happen."
---
Inside her apartment, Lemira sat on the couch, reading about the Langston Group's internal system hack making headlines again.
Asher was probably on his way back to Orvin by now. She let out a sigh of relief, "This severs all ties. Asher won't bother me anymore."
At least until he managed to replace
vel
the source code she wrote, he wouldn't dare make a move. She had almost forgotten about the source code, never intending to use it as leverage. They had forced her hand. 
Orion's gaze was profound, "Don't take what Asher said about your parents to heart."
Lemira managed a bitter smile, "Sometimes, I wish I had been the one to die. If only Evelina's dad had
saved my parents first." Then she wouldn't have to live with this guilt. 
Orion's gaze flickered, "But your parents chose to save you first."
###Chapter 215
Lemira was taken aback when she heard Orion speak.
What did Orion mean by that? How did he know?
Orion avoided her gaze, "After all, your parents loved you so much, in that situation, they would definitely choose to save you first. You don't have to feel any guilt about it." Lemira's eyes slightly reddened, "But I've always felt so guilty, and I've missed them all these years."
If her parents hadn't been in that accident, Evelina wouldn't have come into her life, and none of this would have happened.
Unfortunately, there are no ifs in life.
Seeing her red eyes, Orion felt as if something was stuck in his throat, and he could only watch her in silence.
His guilt felt like a dam bursting inside, threatening to drown him. Stepping forward, Orion patted Lemira's shoulder, "Now you're completely free, go to Orvin and start anew." "Yeah, that's what I've been thinking. I'll buy a house there, and then I'll have a home in Orvin."
She wouldn't come back.
Orion looked down, admiration in his gaze, "The Langston Group's firewall system is indeed famous in Orvin. I had no idea you were the one who wrote the source code. What other skills are you hiding from me?" "It's just my knack, I guess. Lucian was also a computer science major, he gave me a lot of books, and I just picked it up from there."
"So, you're planning to major in Computer Science at Orvin University?"
"Exactly, you guessed right. I might even do a double major, but I haven't decided which one yet."
Lemira looked at Orion, "Today, during the young achiever's award ceremony, I noticed there was a trade fair in Orvin about artificial intelligence. Does Thaddeus' company have any interest in venturing into that?" She remembered, in her past life, Lucian's company also ventured into this field.
They caught the wind of the new industry's development and soared. The company grew rapidly.
And she was involved in the development of the Al system from start to finish, writing the software herself.
This time around, she could start her own business in this field. She didn't want to pave the road for others anymore.
Orion was aware of it, but he hadn't expected Lemira to be interested in it. He replied nonchalantly, "That project actually sounds quite promising."
"I think so too. Maybe the company could take off just with this project?"
Seeing the spark in Lemira's eyes, the previous gloominess gone, Orion knew he'd support her in whatever she wanted to do.
Lemira continued her gaming live
stream that right, her mood
noticeably better. She was now
ranked first in solo battle,
ov
dominating the leaderboard without fail. Countless players had
challenged her, but none had won. 
After the battle, Lemira usually summarized the key points of the match.
Fans flooded the chat: [Goddess Lemon, you seem in a great mood today, did something good happen?]
[Goddess Lemon aced her exams, probably met with someone from Orvin University's admissions, and has already decided to go to Orvin, right?]
Lemira glanced at the comments and replied with a smile, "Indeed, something good happened today. I'm looking forward to my new life in Orvin."
[Ah, are you really going to Orvin University? A scholar and a gaming pro, so envious!]
[Today's another day filled with jealousy, but Goddess's family must be even more jealous, especially since that adopted sister got her scores canceled for cheating.]
Lemira wasn't sure what
punishment Evelina would face.
After all, her sidekick Judy was gone,
and
she felt the case wasn't so
simple. She wondered if the police would uncover anything.
Lemira spoke lightly, "I'm in such a good mood today, so let's not talk about anything that'll kill the vibe."
She didn't want to discuss anything related to the Langston family anymore.
Then, a flood of gifts appeared on the screen.
Lemira recognized Lucian's ID at a
glance and promptly kicked him and blocked him in one fell swoop. Since
the relationship was severed,
appearing before her would only cause the spite. 
###Chapter 216
As Lucian found himself booted out of the live stream, his fingers, midway through a transaction, quivered before coming to a halt. A bitter smile crept across his face. It seemed Lemmy was genuinely heartbroken, not just throwing a fit as he'd thought. If only he'd realized the problem sooner, perhaps things wouldn't have escalated to this point.
"Mr. Lucian Langston, I have dire news. Ms. Sterling attempted to harm herself. Thankfully, Mr. Alaric Langston intervened in time. They're on their way to the hospital."
Lucian quickly set his phone aside, "Why would she do such a thing?"
The butler, clearly indignant, replied, "I heard though the school didn't penalize Ms. Sterling, they've decided to nullify her exam scores. It was too much for her to bear, prompting her drastic action. Mr. Lucian Langston, you must speak to her later." Lucian massaged his temples, "Why does everyone have to be so troublesome? Lemmy never worried me with her grades, and she ended up doing so well."
With an upset face, the butler countered, "Ms. Sterling's poor performance is on Ms. Langston. It was Ms. Langston's fault Ms. Sterling fell ill and couldn't perform better. And now, her scores being annulled due to a friend's actions, it's a hard pill to swallow." "Look, everyone might discuss Lemmy's scores, but you, of all people, don't have the right. Remember the defective stationery you provided her? It nearly jeopardized her exam."
Head down, the butler fell silent instantly.
Recalling these events only deepened Lucian's guilt towards Lemira.
Soon, Evelina was sent to the hospital, her face pale, "Lucian, it's all my fault. With my scores annulled, I've brought shame upon the Langston family."
Lucian frowned, "And you thought ending it all would solve this?"
Caught off guard, Evelina sobbed, her head bowed. She hadn't expected her scored got nullified.
The thought of having no scores while Lemira was celebrated citywide and admitted to Orvin University was unbearable. After all, she'd been always outshining Lemira these years; this sudden downturn was a bitter pill.
Alaric consoled her, "Eve, we can
take a gap year, it's not the end of the world. Look at Lemira, she improved tremendously in the final months. A year's repeat could do you good too." 
en FindNovel
Mention of Lemira only soured Evelina's mood. Her attempt wasn't about ending her life but to gain the Langstons' sympathy.
"Enough tears. We'll handle the repeat paperwork in a few days at school."
Right now, Lucian wasn't so pleased
with Evelina &rying and found her tears less and less sincere, suspecting she wasn't innocent in the cheating scandal. The other student's suicide, admitting guilt in a note, didn't implicate her directly after they investigated it 
The butler concerned, looked at Evelina, "Ms. Sterling, don't consider such drastic steps. That student's body found after she committed suicide was a grim sight. Do you know that?" 
en FindNovel
"Stop!" Evelina's loud interjection halted the butler, while she bowed her head with guilt.
After being wrapped up the wound, she was sent to a ward. Evelina pulled out her phone and found a couple of unread messages.
[I've dealt with that student. Anyone in your way, sweetheart, consider them gone.]
Evelina felt overwhelmed. [I only wanted you to silence Judy, not kill her.]
The police inquiry utterly terrified her; she never intended Judy's death.
[Tough girl, that one. Only the dead keep secrets forever.]
Regret overwhelmed Evelina. She shouldn't have involved this person, uncertain if he was even her father.
[Lemira, want her gone too? Without her, you'd be the undisputed heiress of the Langston family.]
For a fleeting moment, Evelina wavered. With Lemira gone, no one would compete against her.
###Chapter 217
Evelina's mind raced with a dangerous idea, but she quickly squashed it. If another tragedy occurred, suspicion would inevitably point towards her. She couldn't let that happen.
She texted back rapidly. [I've transferred the money to you. Do not disturb me again!]
She wanted nothing more to do with this person. And she certainly didn't want anyone connecting her to Judy's death!
The butler knocked and entered, "Ms. Sterling, Judy's family has been looking for you again. Luckily, I intercepted them outside before they could reach Mr. Lucian Langston. It wouldn't be good if they said something inappropriate in front of him." "Thank you. Please make sure Judy's family keeps quiet, in case they talk nonsense to Lucian. You know how his attitude towards me has shifted recently."
Evelina was on edge at this moment, fearing that her dealings with the mysterious person would come to light.
Lucian and Alaric's changed behavior was noticeable, and she knew she had to remedy their opinions of her.
Once the butler left, Evelina hurried to the adjacent room, overhearing Lucian and Alaric's conversation.
"Lucian, now that Asher has threatened to cut ties with Lemira, what should we do?"
"Asher's just blowing off steam. I plan to shift the company's focus towards Orvin. After all, Lemmy will be living there, and it would make it easier for us to be close."
"And what about Eve? She's considering a gap year."
"She can manage with the help of the servant and the driver; we don't need to intervene."
Lucian's attitude now towards Evelina was somewhat cold. He continued, "In two weeks, there's a tech expo in Orvin - a great opportunity for the company's development. We need to prepare thoroughly."
As Evelina heard this, her eyes dripped with resentment. She refused to be left behind, especially not by Lemira. Her only hope now lay with Asher.
---
After ending her live stream, Lemira spoke with the team at PixelStage, insisting on refunding all the gifts Lucian had sent.
She wanted nothing from the Langston fortune!
She spent the next two weeks at Thaddeus' company, diving into artificial intelligence research due to the upcoming expo.
However, before leaving, Lemira realized she hadn't received her offer of admission to Orvin University, which should have arrived by now.
After inquiring with the admissions
office, she was given a tracking number, only to discover the offer had been delivered to the Langston house and been received by them that very afternoon. FindNovel
Massaging her temples in frustration, Lemira pulled out her phone and called Lucian.
He answered immediately, his voice cheerful, Lemmy, I was just about to call you. Your offer of admission to Orvin University arrived here. When will you come by to pick it up?" 
"No need for the hassle. I'll just get a courier to fetch it."
She had no intention of returning.
"Lemmy, I know you're disappointed with how things are at home, but Asher hopes you'll come back one last time before you leave." "There's nothing there for me."
Suddenly, an idea struck her and she continued, "Fine, I'll come back, but I need a favor from you."
"Of course, we're family. Helping each other is what we do."
With her lips curled into a cold smile,
Lemira ended the call. She found Orion, need to go back to the Langston mansion; my offer of admission was sent there. 
Orion looked displeased, "Are they using your offer to force you to return?"
"Pretty much, but I happen to have one thing needed to solve there to avoid further trouble."
Orion saw Lemira's determination, "I'll drive you there."
Lemira nodded, and together, they headed back to the Langston family mansion.
Seeing her old home stirred complex emotions within her; after all, it had been a long time since she last stepped foot there.
###Chapter 218
The car pulled up outside the Langston family mansion.
Orion glanced over, "Need me to come with you?"
"No, I can handle it myself. I'll call you if anything comes up."
Seeing Orion waiting outside eased Lemira's nerves considerably. She stepped out of the car and walked up to the door, typing in the password, only to find it incorrect.
A sarcastic smile played on Lemira's lips. She pressed the doorbell, and soon, the butler walked out.
Lemira let out a half-smile, "When did the password change?"
The butler stood by the door, his expression frigid, "Lemira, Mr. Asher Langston has instructed that without his permission, you are not to step foot inside the Langston house! The password has been changed to Ms. Sterling's birthday!" Lemira recalled a recent incident involving faulty school supplies, likely the butler's doing.
In her past life, he had always sided with Evelina, spreading defamatory rumors about her to her brothers!
Lemira kicked the door open, "This house was bought by my parents. I'm the only one who decides if I don't want to come back. You better remember your place as a servant!"
Her tone was icy. Without another word, she strode inside.
The butler, surprised by Lemira's drastic changes, hurried after her, "Lemira, I'm merely following Mr. Asher Langston's orders."
Lemira entered the foyer, while Lucian was coming down the stairs; his face lightened up the moment he saw her, "Lemmy, you're back! I had the kitchen prepare some of your favorites. How about we have dinner together? It's been a while since we last ate together." "No need. Where's my offer of admission?"
Lemira's demeanor was cold, not showing the slightest hint of friendliness.
Lucian gave a pained smile, "It's in the study. Come with me, I'll get it for you."
As they went upstairs, Lucian detoured to her old room, "Lemmy, your room's been restored to how it was. Eve moved back to her room too. Let me know if there's anything about the room you feel unsatisfied with, and I'll have it taken care of."
Lemira glanced at the room she
once occupied. Her expression
remained neutral, "It's unnecessary. I
swney
won't be coming back anyway."
Lucian sighed, "This was the house our parents bought, your princess room they left you after all. It will always be yours; no one can take that from you." 
Lemira turned towards the study, "Let's focus on what matters." She was not one to be swayed by small gestures anymore. Lucian produced an envelope, "You're amazing, getting into Orvin University. Mom and Dad would've been proud if they knew." "Don't use our parents as an excuse. It only makes me sick."
Lemira glanced at the envelope only to find it had been opened, her expression darkened, "Why did you open my mail?" "Lemmy, I didn't open it. I knew it was your offer of admission; it should have been your moment."
Lemira handed the envelope to Lucian, "It clearly shows it's been opened? Are you blind?" "Zack, come over here!"
Lucian, noticing the tampering, felt it weird too. He hadn't opened the envelope.
The butler, upon arrival, was confronted by Lucian's stern inquiry, "Who else entered the study and touched this mail?"
The butler took a glance at the
envelope, "Mr. Lucian Langston, it's just an offer from a university. As long as the content's intact, what's
thon
Lemira's gaze turned icy, "Did you open it?"
"I was just curious about what was inside, so I opened."
Lemira didn't buy the butler's explanation for a second. It had Evelina written all over it!
She turned to look at Lucian, "Check the surveillance."
She was hell-bent on settling this today!
###Chapter 219
Lucian nodded vigorously, "Lemmy, I'll get to the bottom of this. You'll have your answers, I promise!" Lemira's eyes were cold. She didn't need anyone else to give her answers. She could find them herself!
Seeing the situation turning south, the butler hurriedly intervened, "There's no need to check the surveillance. It was me, blame me if you must."
"Old man, we haven't even checked the footage yet. Why the rush to confess? Who are you trying to cover for?"
Lemira's disdain for the butler was palpable. Since she had to deal with this before leaving, she wouldn't hold back her displeasure.
Lucian also noticed the butler's odd behavior and pressed him, "Tell me the truth, who has been in the study?"
The butler stuttered, unable to utter a single coherent response.
Lucian, sensing what might have happened, raised his voice, "Where's Evelina? I want her here, now!"
"Ms. Sterling's in her room, catching up on some homework. Let's wait till she's done; it's not a big deal anyway!"
Hearing the butler's words, Lucian was shocked. He couldn't believe a butler dared to dismiss Lemira's concerns so lightly, showcasing how much Lemira had been underestimated at home. Lucian flung a mug towards the butler, "I said get Evelina here, now! Are you deaf?"
Frightened, the butler nodded quickly and scurried out of the study.
Lucian couldn't bring himself to meet Lemira's gaze, "Lemmy, I didn't expect this would happen. Has the butler always treated you like this?"
Lemira leaned against the desk, her features etched with sarcasm, "I'm used to it. It's nothing new."
Her casual remark weighed heavily on Lucian, leaving him breathless.
She said she was used to it! Looking at the opened mail, Lucian trembled with anger.
Soon, Evelina entered with the butler, already aware of what had transpired.
In
Eyes red, Evelina spoke in a pitiful tone, "Lucian, it's all my fault. I was just curious about what an offer of admission from a top university looked Nike, so I sneaked a peek i swear, I didn't touch anything else!" 
Hearing Evelina's admission, Lucian slumped into his chair, speechless.
Seeing Evelina's tearful apology, he even began to feel annoyed. Would he have considered this a trivial matter in the past, thinking Lemira shouldn't fuss over Evelina's apology? 
en FindNovel
The more Lucian thought about it, the colder he felt. If not for his indulgence, how could Evelina and the butler dare to act this way? Lucian's face was livid, "Evelina, apologize to Lemmy, now!"
Evelina turned to Lemira, feigning
innocence, "Lemmy, I'm so sorry. My
grades got voided, and I don't have
any schools to attend. That's why envied your school offer and
couldn't help but take a look Please, don't be mad, okay?"
"No!" Lemira's voice was bland, her gaze icy.
Biting her lip, Evelina continued in a weak voice, "As long as you're not mad, I'll do anything!"
It was just a peek at a school offer, big deal.
She did it on purpose. Even though she wasn't accepted, she wanted to spite Lemira. After all, a quick apology and a few tears usually did the trick. "You said it."
Lemira slapped Evelina hard, putting all her strength into it until her hand went numb.
Evelina was stunned, "What are you doing?"
"I'm venting on you. Isn't that what you asked for?"
After another slap, Lemira grabbed Evelina's hair, her eyes tinged with red, "I warned you not to touch my things. Seems like you haven't learned." Lemira wouldn't be fooled; she knew Evelina's act was just to get under her skin.
###Chapter 220
Evelina's face was swollen like a balloon, tears streaming down her cheeks as she pleaded, "Lucian, help me!"
When Lucian saw her state, his hands slowly clenched, "Eve, you were the one who said it, as long as Lemmy calms down, she can do whatever she wants. You gotta keep your word!" Evelina was instantly choked on his words. She had said that casually, not meaning it at all!
The butler stepped forward, separating them, "Ms. Langston, why are you attacking someone like that? Ms. Sterling just opened your school offer. She didn't touch your stuff. Why be so petty?" Lemira nearly stumbled as the butler pushed her. Raising an eyebrow, she retorted with a bold and sharp tone, "Yes, I am that petty."
"But Mr. Asher Langston made it clear, you're not to step foot in this mansion."
"Zack, who gave you the audacity to speak to Lemmy like that? She is Ms. Langston, your superior!"
Lucian's eyes blazed as he stared down the butler, "It seems I've been too kind over the years, letting you forget your place!"
Evelina quickly interceded, "Lucian, it's my fault. The butler was just standing up for me."
"But he lied for you and dared to lay hands on Lemira. We can't employ someone like that. Pack your things and leave."
After Lucian's declaration, both Evelina and the butler were stunned.
The butler panicked, "Mr. Lucian Langston, I've worked for the Langston family for decades. If not for merits, at least consider my hard work."
"But we've been generous to you too. Now that you've forgotten your place, I think it's time for you to go."
Lucian was chilled by the butler's attitude towards Lemira.
The butler collapsed, unable to believe he was being fired at his age, thinking he would spend his lifetime with the Langston family since he thought he was in good terms with them. "Apologize to Lemmy now. She's got a kind heart and will surely forgive you." Evelina didn't want the butler to be fired, losing an ally if that happened.
Not wanting to be fired, the butler looked at Lemira, reluctantly, "Ms. Langston, I made a mistake in my old age. Since your parents passed, considering all the years I've looked after you since you were a child, please forgive me this once 
He couldn't afford to lose this respectable job, not with his family's financial struggles.
Lemira scoffed, "You didn't remind me. Evelina's and my birthdays are close, and you always suggested celebrating mine with Evelina's. Every time Evelina messed up, you'd find a way to blame me. Even the issues with my stationary were your doing. 
Thanks to your 'care' over the years, I've been living in hell!"
The butler's expression turned frantic, "It's not like that, Ms. Langston."
"Just a moment ago, you called me Lemira, and now fearing for your job, I'm Ms. Langston. A true opportunist!"
After her piece, Lemira walked straight to Lucian, snatching the school offer from his hand.
Lucian swallowed hard, struggling to speak, "Lemmy, I'm sorry. I failed to see how much you've suffered."
"Save your noble act. If you had listened even once to what I said over the years, it wouldn't have come to this, would it?"
Lucian was left speechless. Indeed, Lemira was right. He was the architect of their fallout.
Lemira pulled out a document from her bag, "Sign it. I need to transfer my records."
She wanted her own personal
records, ensuring her future actions wouldn't entangle with the Langston family. That was her true freedom. 
Lucian, looking at the document, spoke in agony, "Lemmy."
###Chapter 221
Lucian never anticipated Lemira would go to such lengths. He looked up, struggling, and said, "Sis, is there really no way to turn this around?"
When Evelina witnessed this scene, a part of her felt delighted. It was good news for her. She quickly put on a tearful face and said, "Lemmy, we're family, after all. If you have..." "Shut up!"
Lucian directly scolded Evelina, now finding her crying face utterly irritating, thinking bringing Evelina into the family might have been a mistake.
Lemira spoke indifferently, "Bro, I'll call you that one last time. Just sign the papers."
She pushed the pen into Lucian's hand, "The Langston mansion has been nothing but purgatory to me. I can't stand another minute here."
Lucian covered his face with his hand and finally signed his name on the document.
Lemira immediately took the papers away, as if afraid of any last-minute changes. Only after securing what she wanted did she breathe a sigh of relief.
She turned back, took the pen, and tossed it into the trash can, "I've used this pen for years. Time for a new one."
She didn't want to leave anything she owned for the Langstons to use.
Lemira turned and left the study, her steps brisk and determined. Without any second of hesitation, she walked out of the Langston mansion, leaving behind the place she had lived for many years. "Lemmy!"
Lucian, almost stumbling, followed her out, holding a credit card, "Life can be tough on your own, and living in Orion isn't cheap. Take this, it's the least I can do for you."
"I don't need it. I'm not short on cash!"
Lemira glanced at the gate's keypad, casually picked up a brick from the ground, and smashed it.
Lucian was stunned, not
understanding Lemira's intention. Lemira dusted off her hands, "This mansion was left by our parents. Using Evelina's birthday as the password disgusted me. Time for a new lock!" 
After doing all this, she walked towards Orion.
Lucian stared at the broken keypad, his mind in a fog.
At that moment, the butler and Evelina also came running out. Lucian turned to the butler, "The house's code has always been Lemmy's birthday. Who gave you the right to change it?"
The butler looked guilty, "Mr. Asher Langston ordered not to let Ms. Langston step foot inside, so I changed the password!"
"Great, just great. Might as well hand over the Langston mansion to you, making such big decisions on your own!" Lucian was fuming with anger!
He had thought Lemira was just feeling a bit slighted and wanted to leave home in a huff. Only now did he realize that Lemira was not just slighted but had been mistreated for years. 
The butler trembled in fear, "Mr. Lucian Langston, I thought since Ms. Sterling is also a Langston, it would be fitting to use her birthday as the password. I meant no harm." Evelina quickly pleaded, "Lucian, don't blame the butler. It wasn't his intention. I was adopted and don't deserve to have my birthday as the password."
Seeing the slap mark on Evelina's
face, Lucian Softened a bit. He said
in frustration, "Eve, that's not what meant. This mansion was left by our parents, and it's always been Lemmy's birthday as the code. No one has the right to change that." 
Evelina forced a grim smile, "I know, being adopted, I don't have that right. It was the butler who overstepped. I promise it won't happen again."
The butler seized the opportunity to apologize, kneeling down, "Mr. Lucian Langston, I realize my mistake. I won't overstep my bounds again!"
"Lucian, the butler has looked after everything in the house for years. He's old now, let's not send him away."
###Chapter 222
Lucian massaged his temples, "But he can't be the butler anymore, demoted to a common servant. I've decided to head to Orvin for new opportunities, so I'll leave him here to keep you company while you redo the year." He felt the Langston family had been more than generous with Evelina. If she couldn't seize the opportunity, she had only herself to blame.
Through gritted teeth, Evelina said, "Thanks, Lucian!"
All she needed was to keep Zack for now.
But she wasn't planning on staying behind. She was determined to follow them to Orvin! There was no way she was going to be left behind!
As Evelina watched Lemira's car drive away, her eyes were filled with malice. One day, she vowed, she would have Lemira under her foot!
In the car.
Lemira hummed a tune, delighted, "When I dealt with that fake angel earlier, my hands went numb from the punishment! The look on her face was absolutely priceless!"
She thought Evelina should try her luck in showbiz! Perhaps she'd even find a career fitting for a fake angel!
Orion, seeing her in high spirits, realized his worries had been unnecessary. Lemira had grown much stronger!
He asked blandly, "When do you plan on leaving?"
"After I sort out the paperwork tomorrow, I can book a flight to Orvin."
Lemira glanced at him, realizing she wouldn't see Orion as often once she left. After all, he was the school's doctor, with his work here.
Orion nodded at her words, "Then, let's all have dinner together tomorrow night."
He could see the unspoken words in Lemira's eyes, but he couldn't afford to be sentimental. It was time to let go.
The next day, Lemira went through with her paperwork. She was now free from the Langston family's influence.
Returning to her apartment, she found a table laden with dishes. Thaddeus stood by, "Lemon, tonight we celebrate your new journey." "Thanks."
As Lemira sat down, she said to Thaddeus, "I hope tomorrow's expo goes smoothly."
"Me too."
Lemira instinctively looked at Orion, "Will you be joining us tomorrow?"
After all, it was about the company's new project.
Orion's lips barely moved, "I'll sit this one out. You two go ahead, Thaddeus is the boss after all."
Hearing he wouldn't join them
dimmed Lemira's spirits slightly. She had been preparing for this day, yet now that it was here, parting felt bittersweet. 
Thaddeus tried to lighten the mood, "Every gathering has its end, but we'll meet again."
Lemira held her drink, her mood down.
After dinner, Thaddeus stepped out to the balcony to make a call.
Lemira faced the man across the table, "I'm about to leave. Don't you have anything to say?"
Orion responded calmly, facing her gaze, "Live happily. Do what you want without worrying too much." "Is that all?"
Disappointment flickered across Lemira's face.
Orion avoided her gaze, "Once school starts, focus on your studies. Don't rush into dating."
Lemira laughed suddenly, "When I date is my choice."
Orion was choked on it, "You're still young."
"I'm already of age. Besides, aren't you dating someone? Though, I've never seen your girlfriend." Lemira was curious about the type of person he'd choose. She really wanted to know.
Orion,
to hide his
my
awkwardness, poured himself som wine, "Why do you need to meet girlfriend?" 
"Aren't we friends? If I had a boyfriend, I'd introduce him to you guys."
Lemira's demeanor was calm. Orion, feeling a twinge of discomfort, sipped his wine and noticed Lemira
reaching for a glass. Conte
Instinctively, he stopped her, "Kid, you can't handle your liquor. Better not drink."
"Are you going to watch over me forever?"
Lemira's gaze was serene, locking eyes with the man in front of her.
###Chapter 223
Lemmy felt Orion was genuinely kind to her, different from anyone else.
She once mistook his kindness as a sign he had feelings for her. Why else would he be so nice? But, in the end, it was just wishful thinking on her part. Orion seemed choked up for a moment before he finally said, "It's not out of the question."
Lemira's heart skipped a beat. What did he mean by that?
Orion continued, "Since you've cut ties with your brothers, you can consider me family from now on."
"I'm not in need of a brother."
Lemira stood up, "I'm full. I'm going to pack."
She left, feeling a bit downhearted.
Orion watched her leave, his gaze complex. Thaddeus walked in, "Done talking? Ready to let go this time?"
Orion remained silent, downing his glass of wine in one gulp, his eyes dark and brooding.
Lemira's feelings were easy to read. But he felt he wasn't worthy, nor did he have the right.
The next day, Lemira headed straight for the airport.
She turned to Orion, suddenly hugging him, "I'm leaving. Thanks for being there for me over this period of time. I'll never forget you."
Orion stiffened for a moment before patting her back, "Contact me anytime. I'll always be here."
Lemira then awkwardly let go.
Thaddeus also came over, "I want a hug too."
Orion blocked Thaddeus with a stern face, "We're running out of time. Go check her in."
"Don't worry, I'll take good care of Lemon."
Lemira glanced back at Orion, dragging her suitcase away.
Two hours later, the plane landed at Orvin Airport. Stepping off, Lemira felt a bit nervous, "I wonder if our project will stand out at the event." 
Thaddeus encouraged, "Have some confidence."
BUMS
He hadn't expected Lemira to be so talented. He thought Orion was just paving the way for her, but she really had the skills.
They went directly to the venue.
Lemira, with her portfolio and
project in tow, made her way to the display area. Thaddeus, wearing a baseball cap to hide his face
followed her in. 
Scanning the room, he spotted someone familiar and quickly excused himself, "I've got to hit the restroom, Lemon. Keep checking."
Lemira nodded and got settled with prepared materials. Looking up, she saw Lucian.
She immediately lowered her head. What was a Langston doing here? Talk about bad luck!
Lucian saw her too and approached with a surprised look, "Lemmy! Didn't expect to see you here!"
Alaric frowned, examining Lemira, "Why are you wearing Maple Group's logo? Don't you know they're competing with Lucian right now?" Hearing this, Lemira scoffed. She lifted her gaze, a chill in her eyes, "Yeah, I know."
"Since you know that, why still working part-time at the Maple Group then? If you're short on cash you could've just told us. Even
though Asher cut you off, Luial ne
and
I wouldn't leave you without pocket Money" 
Alaric was visibly upset. After all, Lemira was a Langston; why would she work for their competitor?
Lemira stood up firmly, "I have nothing to do with the Langstons anymore. Where I work is none of your business." "Lemmy, even if you hate Asher, you shouldn't do this to Lucian."
"To me, you're all the same."
Lemira's tone was cold and distant, "I made myself clear before. Pretend we don't know each other if we ever meet again." Lucian held back Alaric, "Forget about it. Let's go over there. Lemon's upset right now. Let's not push her too harshly."
###Chapter 224
Lemira watched as the Langstons walked away, a memory from her past life flashing before her eyes. Lucian had indeed been part of that event before.
Back then, Lucian had shined at the fair, thanks to the artificial intelligence system she had developed. Evelina, with her sweet talk and ability to mingle, was chosen by Lucian to promote the project. Yet once again, Lemira found herself forgotten in the background, with no one knowing she was the real brains behind the operation.
This time, Lemira wanted to see how far Lucian's company could get without her involvement!
Soon enough, visitors at the venue began to take turns exploring everyone's projects. When it was Lemira's turn, her artificial intelligence system dazzled everyone present.
One of the event's sponsors turned to Lemira, "Young lady, did you develop these on your own?"
Lemira nodded, "Yes."
"To be so accomplished at such a young age, which university did you graduate from?"
Lemira paused, "I haven't attended university yet."
Someone from the company spoke up for Lemira, "Ms. Langston was this year's top scorer on the exams, and she's been admitted to Orvin University. She's truly exceptional."
"That's impressive, young lady. You have a bright future ahead of you."
Everyone crowded around Lemira, showering her with praise. People from the Langston family couldn't even get close.
Seeing Lemira surrounded and celebrated, Lucian couldn't help but feel nostalgic, "Lemmy's really grown up."
Alaric's expression was complex, "Lucian, how come I never realized how talented Lemira was?"
Whether it was her gaming skills, her top-scoring academic achievements, or now her outstanding artificial intelligence development, she outshone Evelina, who had lousy skills in gaming, was sensitive, and had lower scores which had been nullified for cheating, in every aspect. Why didn't he see her true talent before?
Alaric had believed Evelina was excellent, but right now turned out Lemira was the best.
Lucian gave a bitter smile, "That's why we owe her a lot. We have to find a way to let her forgive us."
"You're right. We're family, after all. I'm sure Lemira will forgive us eventually."
Lucian nodded in agreement, determined to make amends with Lemira.
After the event, a couple of companies approached Lemira about potential collaborations.
However, she wasn't in charge of that aspect With Thaddeus absent, having gone to the restroom and not returned, Lemira had no choice but to collect the business cards and wait for Thaddeus to handle the discussions later. 
Lemira called Thaddeus, "Hey, did you fall asleep in the restroom or something? A lot of people came by asking about collaborations."
"I, uh, my stomach's been acting up, so I got held up. I'll be right out."
After hanging up, Thaddeus
emerged from the VIP area, glancing at the event's chairman, "Please give thatyoung lady's project with Maple Group's Al a little push." 
"Mr. Draven, rest assured, she's quite the talent on her own."
After making arrangements, Thaddeus called Orion, "It's all set, but with Lemira's talent, she's bound to succeed on her own."
"I just don't want her to struggle."
At that moment, Orion was on his private jet, his laptop screen filled with photos of Lemira from the event.
His phone pinged with a message from Lemira, sharing her good news.
His lips curved into a gentle smile as he replied. [Congratulations.]
His assistant, who had never seen
the boss smile so warmly, respectfully reminded him, "Mr. Everhart, your trip is finally over. It's getting harder to keep Mrs. Eileen Everhart and Mrs. Amanda Everhart in the dark." 
About Mr. Langston staying in Lyria, no one knew at present, nor did everyone know his extended stay was all because of a girl.
If the Everharts found out, it would surely cause an uproar, especially since the master was already betrothed.
###Chapter 225
Orion finally replied and tossed his phone aside, his expression returning to normal, "I'll be home for dinner tonight."
Meanwhile, Lemira, upon receiving Orion's short reply - just a simple "Congratulations" - couldn't help but sigh at how this man was as sparing with words as ever.
After the event wrapped up, Lemira started packing up her things, ready to leave.
Lucian and Alaric approached her, both wearing expressions that blended caution with a hint of eagerness to please.
"Lemmy, you're here in Orvin this new city all by yourself, and school hasn't even started yet. It might be tough living alone, so why don't you come stay with us?" Lucian offered carefully.
Alaric nodded vigorously, "Yeah, the Langstons have a place here in Orvin too. The biggest room is all yours, Eve doesn't even get a say."
With Evelina not around in Orvin, they could afford to be extra nice to Lemira, trying to make up for past mistakes.
"No need, I just bought a place here in Orvin myself. That big room should still go to Evelina. After all, her father has been a savior to the Langstons. You can't afford to be petty, Alaric, what would people think of the Langstons if words get out?" Lemira's face was laced with sarcasm; she did it on purpose.
Her words struck a nerve with Alaric, "Houses here in Orvin are so expensive, how could you afford one on your own? Did that school doctor give you the money?" "Watch your mouth. I earned that money myself. As a top streamer on PixelStage, my signing bonus was in the millions. What's it to you if I buy a house?" Lemira's retort left Alaric speechless. He had forgotten that Lemira was now a big name on PixelStage, her game strategies widely used by professional teams. Lucian quickly tried to smooth things over, "Alaric is just concerned about you, nothing more."
"Cut it out. I don't need 'concern' that comes with malicious speculation and defamation. The farther I stay from the Langstons, the better off I'll be!"
Grabbing her backpack, Lemira walked away, no longer wanting to engage with anyone from the Langston family.
She used to try so hard to connect with her brothers, to win their approval, but they scarcely gave her the time of day.
Now that she was doing well, she was the one cutting ties, yet they seemed unable to let her go. It was indeed a turn of the tables. How had she not seen things more clearly in her past life? 
Lucian could only sigh as he watched Lemira walk away, "I almost forgot she's a star on PixelStage. Her follower count
skyrocketed over the summer ne
her streaming numbers are off the charts. I heard she's even considering joining the national team!" 
Alaric looked downcast, "It was my fault from the start, driving Lemira away to join PixelStage."
He was filled with regret now.
Without Lemira, his team was barely hanging on, a stark contrast toits former glory. His so-called pride now seemed laughable. 
Feeling frustrated, Alaric said, "Lucian, I finally get what you meant. It's not that Lemira can't live without us; it's that we can't live without her." Lucian shook his head, filled with regret.
Outside the venue, Lemira met up with Thaddeus, who was oddly dressed in a cap and even a mask.
"Thaddeus, are you going incognito to avoid paparazzi or something?"
"No, ahem, I'm just a bit under the weather, didn't want to risk passing it to you."
Of course, Thaddeus couldn't tell Lemira the real reason for his disguise; he was indeed worried about being recognized.
Lemira eyed him, "You're saying you have a stomach bug? Need to see a doctor?"
"No, I'll just take some meds, I'll be fine. You're heading to your new place, right?" "Yeah."
"I'll sort out some business stuff then. You go ahead, call me if you need anything."
Lemira nodded, and then suddenly asked, "So, when is Orion coming to Orvin?"
"That's hard to say, Lemon. We've gotten to know each other pretty well these past few days. Let me share some heartfelt advice with you."
###Chapter 226
Lemira pressed her lip, already having a hunch about what Thaddeus was about to say.
"Lemon, you're still young. Once you're in college, you'll have the freedom to explore relationships and meet someone you genuinely like. When that time comes, you'll realize how naive your current thoughts are." Lemira let out a wry smile, "Got it, see you around."
She awkwardly climbed into the taxi, her mind involuntarily filling with images of Orion.
Even Thaddeus had noticed her crush on Orion. How embarrassing. It seemed she really needed to shift her focus and start anew.
Arriving at her newly purchased apartment, which was fully furnished and ready to move in, Lemira appreciated the excellent environment and security.
As usual, Lemira went live to stream her gaming session. After wrapping up a gaming duel, she spoke up, "Hey, lovelies, as you all know, I'm starting college soon and will be quite busy. Let's plan for weekend streams from now on, with some surprise visits in between." She had a lot on her plate, initially streaming just to earn some extra cash. But now, money wasn't much of an issue, and her focus had shifted towards her studies.
There was also the Al development project with Thaddeus, requiring her full participation. Time for streaming was indeed becoming scarce.
Just before ending her stream, Lemira noticed Orion's profile picture had turned grey.
A pang of sadness hit her; not having Orion around felt unaccustomed. Indeed, habits could be frighteningly powerful.
The next day, Thaddeus called her, "The Al project has officially spun off into a subsidiary. I'll send you the address. You can come by tomorrow to get acquainted. Once we go public, we'll all share the profits!" "Sounds good."
Lemira quickly got ready, grabbed the project files, and headed to the address Thaddeus had provided.
The corporate building was imposing.
Upon arrival, the company head warmly introduced her to the subsidiary team, "This is Lemira, the developer behind our Al project. Despite her young age, she's incredibly talented. We'll be working closely together." Lemira felt a bit nervous.
After the introductions, the company
head mentioned, looking at her, "Lemira, don't rush off after work. We've got a dinner with some investors, and we need you to make an appearance." en FindNovel
"Understood."
Lemira now valued every opportunity that came her way.
That evening, Lemira joined her colleagues for dinner at a restaurant after work.
The company head briefed her, "We're meeting with investors from the Everhart Group. If they have any technical questions, Ms. Langston, we'd appreciate your insights." 
Lemira nodded, confident in handling the task.
As she entered the restaurant, she unexpectedly ran into Asher and Evelina at the elevator entrance.
Sometimes, the world felt incredibly small.
Lemira pretended not to see them, but Evelina remarked proactively, "Lemira, heard you joined the Maple Group to compete against Lucian's company in the Al market. I didn't buy it at first, looks like you really betrayed the Langston family!" 
MS
Asher scoffed, "Eve, don't waste your breath on someone irrelevant. She's no longer part of the Langston family. Maple Group is a small fry, no need to fear." Lemira coolly responded, "Didn't the Langston Group start small too?"
Asher's face darkened.
Evelina, smugly, said, "Just so you know, Asher is here to discuss a partnership with Mr. Everhart."
Lemira's lips were pressed, "Until the end, who knows whom the Everhart Group will choose to invest in!"
She was determined to compete for the opportunity with Mr. Everhart!
###Chapter 227
After Lemira finished speaking, Evelina couldn't hold back her laughter, covering her mouth as she let it out.
"Lemira, don't be so naive. Asher has always been tight with people from the Everhart Group. They've got a solid relationship. This meeting is just a formality."
Ever since Evelina moved to Orvin and witnessed the bustling life of the big city, she realized how backward her hometown was.
There was no way she was going back to that place to redo a year of studies. She was determined to stay in the city, aiming to snag a wealthy heir.
As the elevator doors slid open, Evelina, hand-in-hand with Asher, stepped inside, casting a gloating glance at Lemira who was left outside, "You might want to wait for the next one. After all, we're not exactly playing in the same league, are we?" Asher, his face set in a stern expression, didn't even spare Lemira a glance.
Lemira had once deliberately tampered with the company's firewall, causing Asher a significant loss and nearly turning him into an industry laughingstock.
Now that he had finally stabilized the situation, Asher swore he'd make Lemira regret her actions, dreaming of the day she'd come crawling back to the Langston family for mercy.
That day, he'd relish teaching Lemira a lesson she wouldn't forget.
Outside the elevator, Lemira glanced at the company's head, "No worries. Investing is all about fair competition. The Everhart Group's business isn't about personal connections. As long as our research product is top-notch, they'll definitely invest in us." Even without the Everhart Group, there were plenty of other companies in Orvin to partner with.
"Right," the company head agreed. "Let's head to the private room. We shouldn't keep them waiting."
Lemira and her colleagues made their way to the reserved room, and soon, a representative from the Everhart Group's investment department arrived.
The man, a middle-aged figure exuding a business-savvy aura in his suit, took his seat and said, "Sorry, everyone, I can't stay long. Mr. Everhart is arriving upstairs, and I need to go toast to him."
Given the man's status, it was a rare opportunity for most to meet him, and today's visit was too good to pass up.
Eagerly, the company head introduced, pulling Lemira over, "Mr. Smith, this is our lead developer, quite the young prodigy."
Mr. Smith glanced at Lemira, "Heard you're a top scorer, still in college, right? To you, young lady!"
Lemira, holding her glass, remembered Orion's stern expression as he lectured her.
She hesitated, "I don't drink. My family's strict about it."
"Oh well, maybe some other time."
The middle-aged man's face fell, put the glass down, and excused himself.
The air turned somewhat awkward.
Lemira, caught off guard by the turn of events, tried to explain to the company head, "I really don't drink."
"I get it, you're still young. But in business, sometimes you've got to play by different rules. It might be good to get used to it, so you're not caught off-guard next time, don't you think so?" en FindNovel
Lemira's face was stiff. Feeling out of place, Lemira excused herself to the restroom.
She came outside, suddenly gazing up. She heard Mr. Everhart was upstairs, pondering the chance of talking to him. Could that be her opportunity to secure the investment? 
en FindNovel
Noticing a waiter guarding the elevator, she opted for the stairs quietly, only to be stopped by a black-suited security guard.
"This area is off-limits. Please step back."
"Let go. I-I'm supposed to be upstairs, meeting with Mr. Everhart."
In the end Lemira was cornered away. Looking up, she saw the elevator doors part, revealing a lineup of security guards, a testament to the grandeur awaiting upstairs. en FindNovel
###Chapter 228
No wonder he was the heir to the Everhart family, the top clan!
Lemira tiptoed, craning her neck to catch a glimpse of what the Everhart heir looked like. But the towering black-suited bodyguard blocked her view, allowing her only a peek at a tall man stepping out of the elevator. He was dressed in a dark suit, sleeves rolled up to reveal clean, slender fingers. The man walked with a steady pace, his facial features blurred under the light.
Lemira suddenly jumped up, waving her hands and shouting, "Mr. Everhart, I'm with Maple Group, I..."
Before Lemira could finish, a bodyguard clamped a hand over her mouth and pushed her towards the staircase.
"Lady, if you cause any more trouble, don't say we didn't warn you."
After saying that, the bodyguard left.
Lemira sat on the staircase and sighed. Meeting that man wasn't going to be easy.
After much thought, she called Thaddeus, "Hmm, I've got something to tell you. It looks like Maple Group's investment is going to fall through." "The investment's falling through? Why would you think that?"
Thaddeus was amused. How could that man possibly not invest in Maple Group? He was practically laying the opportunities at Lemira's feet. Lemira recounted her encounter with Asher, "I even saw the Everhart heir."
"What? You saw him?"
"Yeah, but he's not easy to meet. I only saw his back for a second before his bodyguard stopped me at the restaurant staircase."
Lemira sighed, "Thaddeus, do you have any way to meet that man and talk about the investment?"
After all, Thaddeus' family was quite wealthy; they should have a way. She didn't want to lose to Asher and the rest.
"That's easy, I'll make some calls."
"Great."
After hanging up, Lemira stood up, dusted off her skirt, and decided to head back first.
"Well, Lemira, what are you doing hiding at the staircase? Got stopped by the Everhart heir's bodyguard, didn't you?"
Evelina had come by to use the restroom and had heard Lemira's voice, thinking she had heard wrong.
Lemira turned around and rolled her eyes at the fake angel, "None of your fricking business!"
"Lemira, why do you have to
compete with me? You even ran
els
away from home in a huff. Yes, you've got more live-streaming and better grades. But your achievements are nothing in Orvin! Without the Langston family, you're nothing." 
Lemira laughed out loud, her eyes cold, "Oh, maybe I should just tell Asher that I'm coming back."
Evelina's face stiffened. She didn't
want Lemira to come back at all.
She wished Lemira would never
return, so she could be the only
darling daughter of the Langonet
family, adored by her six brothers. 
Evelina's expression turned unnatural, "But Asher has already kicked you out, you can't come back."
"Ha, I'll always be his biological
sister, unlike you without blood ties. When the time comes, you, the adopted daughter with zero grades due to cheating and terrible at video games, what do you have to compare with me? The people of Orvin won't like trash like you, will they?" 
Evelina was so angry she lunged at Lemira, attempting to hit her, "You witch!"
Standing on the staircase, Lemira easily dodged. Evelina missed her slap, lost her balance, and tumbled down the stairs, screaming like a slaughtered pig!
Lemira looked down at Evelina, her eyes icy, "Goodbye, oh wait, never see you again!"
"Lemira, you dare to hurt her?" Asher appeared at the staircase, furious.
Lemira's tone was cold, "I didn't lay a finger on her."
Asher turned to his secretary, "What are you waiting for, call the police!" "Let's see who dares!"
###Chapter 229
Lemira heard the familiar voice and saw Orion coming down the hallway.
She asked, surprised, "Orvin, w-when did you get here?" She could hardly believe she was seeing Orion here, of all places!
Orion, with a stern face, softened his expression as he approached Lemira, "You okay?"
"I'm fine. What could possibly happen?"
Lemira, beaming, walked up and hooked her arm through Orion's, "Let's go."
"Hold it right there!"
Asher glared at Lemira coldly, "If you dare leave now, and the cops show up, you'll be fleeing the scene!"
Evelina, struggling through her pain, got up from the ground and said in tears, "Asher, you saw it, I just wanted to convince Lemmy to apologize to the family and come back home. I didn't expect her to get angry and push me down the stairs!" Only then did Asher notice Evelina and walked over to help her up. His face hardened as he spoke, "Eve, don't worry. I will make sure justice is served on your behalf."
Turning to his secretary, Asher bellowed, "Call the police, now!"
Evelina, still in pain but putting on a sorrowful act, said, "Asher, if we call the cops, Lemmy will have a criminal record. Let's just forget it. An apology will do."
Seeing Evelina's generous and understanding demeanor, Asher felt a wave of sympathy.
He questioned Lemira, "Did you hear that? You hurt Eve, yet she's so kind and worried about you getting a record. Look at what you've done. Are you still human? Is this how I raised you?"
But Lemira's ears were suddenly covered as those words were spoken, and she looked up in surprise into his warm, profound gaze.
Orion whispered reassuringly, "Don't listen. It's all filth."
Lemira's heart fluttered uncontrollably, emotions stirred up at the moment, her inner joy overwhelming her as sweet as honey.
set
She had been trying to control her feelings for Orion, but here he was, storming back into her world. It was hard not to fall for him.
belongs to en.kikistori
"Lemira, I'm talking to you, are you deaf?"
Lemira snapped back to reality with a click of her tongue. She turned to Asher and Evelina, "My ears are fine, but perhaps someone should get their eyes checked." 
"Lemira, if you apologize to Eve on your knees before the cops arrive, we'll drop the charges." Asher gazed at Lemira, still hoping to give her a chance. After all, she was his sister, and despite her flaws, he didn't want her to end up with a record. 
Lemira found the suggestion laughable. But it was indeed very much in line with the Langstons' way of doing things.
They always talked down to her from their high horses, consistent as ever.
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm, "Asking me to apologize to Evelina again, am I born to apologize to her?"
"I'm saying this for your own good!"
"Ha, you surely look like you're doing this for my good, but I just find it disgusting!"
Asher was taken aback, "Lemira, I'm giving you a chance here!"
Orion's tone was defiant, "She doesn't need anyone to give her chances!"
"Lemira, you think just because you have this man backing you up, you're untouchable? This is Orvin, not that small town." "Keep calling it a small town, but don't forget, Asher, you're from that small town too. One should never forget their roots!" Lemira suddenly felt that Asher had changed a lot. Orvin, indeed, a glitzy place that made people easily lose themselves. Orion looked down at Lemira, "If you feel uncomfortable, you can leave anytime. I'll handle things here."
"No need for the hassle. Since they want to wait for the police, let's wait."
Lemira coldly gazed at Asher, "By the way, you mentioned intentional harm could lead to a record, right?"
###Chapter 230
"That's right. Scared now, huh? Better ditch that pretty boy and come apologize to Eve!"
"Apologize? In your dreams!"
Lemira wasn't intimidated in the slightest.
Before long, the cops showed up. Evelina immediately played the victim, "Oh, the pain."
Asher pointed at Lemira, "She's the one who hurt my sister."
Since Lemira refused to admit her mistake and apologized, then let the police teach her a lesson, save her from bigger trouble down the line!
Evelina's eyes gleamed with triumph, ready to see Lemira taken away by the police, preferably with a record. That way, Lemira would never outdo her. Evelina said hypocritically, "Lemira, I would've forgiven you if you just apologized. But since you refuse to admit your mistake, my hands are tied."
"Eve, you're just too kind. Lemira doesn't deserve your grace."
"Asher, we're family after all. We can't just watch Lemira go down the wrong path!"
Evelina put on a facade of tolerance and innocence.
After hearing the conversation, the officer coldly turned to Lemira, "Ma'am, you're suspected of attempted assault. Please come with us for further investigation." Orion's expression turned icy, "I'd like to see who would try to touch her!"
Sarcasm was written all over Asher's face, "Pretty boy, this is Orvin. Get your facts straight!"
Orion looked unbothered, "So what?"
Lemira held his hand, and then turned to the officers, "There was indeed an assault here, but the culprit isn't me. It's her!"
Lemira pointed at Evelina.
Guilt crept over Evelina instantly, "W-What are you talking about? You can't just shift the blame to avoid taking the responsibility." No one saw what happened anyway, and nobody would believe Lemira's word over hers!
Asher laughed exasperatedly, "So, this is your confidence, Lemira? Accusing Eve of harming you?"
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears, "Even though I didn't want to hold you accountable, Lemira, you've crossed the line."
"Isn't it you who's gone too far? You initiated the fight and then accidentally fell down the stairs. Now you're playing the victim!" Evelina, feeling guilty, remained silent with her head down.
Asher angrily retorted, "Lemira, you're a huge disappointment, denying your actions to the very end!"
"Why should I admit to something I didn't do? Do you have proof?"
Asher questioned, "Do you have proof that Eve hit you first?"
"I do."
Lemira chuckled, moving aside to point at the wall, "Look, there's a camera in the hallway, which can squarely record the view of the staircase." 
Evelina's face turned ghostly pale at the sight of the camera! Why was there a camera? Stairwells usually didn't have cameras, what's going on? 
If they checked the footage, it was all over! Panicked, Evelina realized Lucian's attitude towards her had already changed. Losing Asher's trust would be the end of he 
en FindNovel
Lemira's gaze was icy, "Once they check the footage, the truth will out."
Orion stood by, impressed by Lemira's confidence. Turned out she had been prepared!
"Asher, let it go. It's all my fault. I got hurt, but we're family. We shouldn't waste police resources over this!"
Seeing the tide turn, Evelina quickly grabbed Asher's hand, visibly shaken, "I suddenly feel dizzy and nauseous, Asher, take me to the hospital."
Lemira smirked, "Stop, wanna run away, huh?"
No escape this time!
###Chapter 231
Lemira wasn't about to let the fake angel get away that easily!
"Wasn't someone just making a big fuss, demanding evidence and a reckoning?"
She crossed her arms, "Now that we have the surveillance footage, why the hurry to leave? Evelina, you're not feeling guilty, are you?"
Asher snorted disdainfully, "Guilty? Eve is just too hurt and needs to go to the hospital for treatment."
"Then let's wait for the surveillance footage to be reviewed. It won't take long anyway, and it's not like she's dying."
Lemira glanced at Evelina, whose panicked eyes were darting around.
Evelina then feigned fainting into Asher's arms, "Asher, I really feel terrible. I can't hold on much longer."
"Eve, just hang in there a bit longer. Once we review the footage, I'll make sure Lemira pays dearly!"
Evelina was as anxious as a cat on a hot tin roof, praying the surveillance wouldn't be reviewed! Otherwise, she'd be done for. She then "passed out". "Eve, are you okay?"
Asher, cradling Evelina, stood up to face Lemira, "I'm taking her to the hospital first. Once the surveillance is reviewed, I'll ensure Eve gets justice!" Lemira saw right through Evelina's little act. She raised her voice, "Evelina, you can't always run and hide. The surveillance is right here!"
Evelina, nestled in Asher's arms, was visibly shaking, yet dared not wake up.
"Eve doesn't need to hide, Lemira. Just you wait!"
Asher, holding Evelina, stormed off in a huff.
Lemira, seeing how scared Evelina appeared, couldn't help but laugh, "Thought you were so capable, huh? Scared off just like that?" Orion spoke softly, "I could stop them."
Without his permission, even the police couldn't enter this place.
"No need," Lemira gestured dismissively.
"You're going to pass up such a perfect opportunity to expose her?"
"It's not about giving up. The surveillance camera is broken."
Lemira had observed the camera earlier, noticing it lacked the telltale infrared glow of operation. It's a broken one.
Although she would've loved to use the footage to expose Evelina's lies
and thoroughly humiliate Ashke
unfortunately, it seemed the fake angel got lucky this time. 
But just because the camera was broken didn't mean she was going to let Evelina off the hook. Pretending ignorance about the camera's condition was a ploy to unsettle Evelina. 
The mere mention of surveillance had turned her pale with fright, which was amusing in itself.
Orion also gave the camera a closer look, realizing it indeed was out of order. He hadn't noticed earlier impressed by her attention to detail. 
He glanced at the police, "Even without the footage, you've still got rights."
"No evidence, no case. Forget it. But seeing Evelina in such a state, scared out of her wits, is satisfaction enough."
After all, Evelina hadn't managed to hurt her. She hadn't lost out.
Only then did Orion put an arm around her shoulders, "Let's go."
"By the way, what brought you to Orvin suddenly?"
Lemira had been meaning to ask. But with Evelina's presence, she hadn't gotten the chance.
Wasn't Orion supposed to be in Lyria, her hometown?
Orion looked slightly uncomfortable at her question, "Just stopping by."
"Oh right, school's not in session yet, so you can travel. But how did you happen to come here?"
The man cleared his throat, "Thaddeus gave me a call."
Otherwise, he wouldn't have known Lemira was here, and got stopped by his bodyguard. He almost let the cat out of the bag.
Lemira had an "aha" moment, "That explains it. Oh, I've got an important thing to do."
Now that Asher had whisked Evelina away to the hospital, didn't that leave the Everhart heir himself alone?
This was her chance to make a move. At the moment, Lemira peeked outside, hearing Orion's voice behind her, "What are you looking at?"
###Chapter 232
"Shh! Keep it down."
Lemira tugged at Orion's hand, gingerly hiding behind a large decorative vase.
Orion obediently stayed by her side, shaking his head towards the guard lurking in the shadows.
Lemira whispered, "Didn't you know that the Everhart heir is dining in that private room over there?"
A teasing smile flicked across Orion's eyes, "So?"
Lemira turned to him, feeling a bit helpless, "Didn't Thaddeus tell you on the phone why you're supposed to be here? This is a golden opportunity." "What golden opportunity?"
"An opportunity to discuss an investment with the Everhart heir, of course. I absolutely can't let the Langstons get there first."
Orion smiled, "Don't worry. The Everhart Group will invest."
"Why are you so sure? Did you already meet with the Everhart heir or something?"
Orion coughed, a tad guiltily, "Yeah, I met him."
"And? How did it go?"
"Not bad."
"But I heard the Everhart heir is tough to deal with, probably very picky. I'm surprised you managed to strike a deal with him so quickly."
Orion furrowed his brows slightly, "Who told you he's tough to handle?"
"Everyone says so. And I actually caught a glimpse of him just now."
Orion's heart skipped a beat. He observed her expression closely, probing, "You saw him clearly?"
That shouldn't be the case. If Lemira had seen him clearly, she wouldn't be acting like this!
"Not really. His towering guard mostly blocked my view. I only saw a side profile through a crack." "So, you didn't get a good look at his face?"
Lemira shook her head, and then suddenly noticed his attire, "But the
suit you're wearing is quite simet the Everhart heir's." Content
Orion calmly replied, "It's easy to have similar suit colors."
"True, but he didn't wear it as well as you do."
A hint of delight appeared in his eyes, "Is that a compliment? But you haven't even seen him."
"There's nothing to see. Someone
his stature probably leads a very lavish lifestyle. Wouldn't be
surprised if he has kids from affairs scattered around." 
Lemira had just finished her sentence when she felt a flick on her forehead.
Orion's gaze was meaningful, "You seem to know quite a bit about him. Even his personal life!"
"I'm guessing. The richer they are, especially those from wealthy families, the more flamboyant their lifestyles."
Growing up in a well-off household herself, Lemira was quite accustomed to the lifestyles of the rich and famous. Orion, for a moment, found himself at a loss for words.
Lemira suddenly looked around, "Have you noticed how quiet it is? There's no one around."
Orion kept his composure, "Are you hungry?"
"A bit. Let's go then. It seems the Everhart heir has cleared the place out. We better not stick around and be a nuisance." Lemira was quite self-aware. Right now, she's more interested in grabbing a meal with Orion.
Orion glanced at her, "How's the new house treating you?"
"It's alright. How about we go back and have dinner there? You can help me celebrate. Consider it a housewarming of sorts?" "Sounds good."
Orion was thinking of how to avoid being recognized. Going to her newly purchased house seemed like
the safest bet. He wasn't quite ready to let Lemira know his true identity! 
As they headed towards the elevator to leave, a middle-aged man suddenly approached them, "Mr. Everhart, long time no see!"
Lemira turned in surprise. What did this man just call Orion? Mr. Everhart?
###Chapter 233
Sometimes, people would be give exactly what they were dreading.
Orion caught sight of the middle-aged man bursting into the scene, and for a moment, he felt an overwhelming urge to lash out. With a chilly nod, he swiftly guided Lemira out of the restaurant.
A few stepped out, Lemira glanced back, only to find that the man had vanished into thin air!
"Who was that middle-aged guy?" she asked, puzzled.
"I have no idea."
"But he called you Mr. Everhart."
The suspicion in her eyes was unmistakable as she gazed at Orion. Orion felt his heart lurching. How was he going to explain this?
After a moment of thinking, Lemira's face lit up with realization, "Maybe someone from past dealings with the Maple Group? Ever since that event, we've been swamped with partnership offers." She was convinced the man was there to discuss business with Orion.
Orion knew she was mistaken but didn't correct her, playing along instead, "The future's bright for this project."
"Just bright? It's downright brilliant! Imagine its application in self-driving cars, once it takes off..."
Lemira caught herself mid-sentence, realizing her slip. She had just given herself away!
Orion shot her a look, "Seems you know quite a bit about the industry."
After some analysis, his team had indeed concluded that the sector had massive potential.
Yet, many remained skeptical, dismissing it as an unreliable venture. Lemira's insight was a refreshing change.
Arriving at Lemira's newly purchased home, she opened the shoe cabinet, a mix of amusement and exasperation on her face, "Looks like I don't have any shoes that fit you. Will mine do for now?" She had just moved in, and the place wasn't fully set up yet.
Orion glanced around the sparse room, noting its lack of decoration but appreciating that it had everything essential.
Seeing him in a pair of pink slippers that were clearly too small for him, Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "Sorry about this, but no one would see."
Orion simply looked at her, unfazed by the situation.
Watching Lemira fetch ingredients from the fridge, he instinctively offered, "Let's just order in. You don't have to cook."
"It's fine. I'm actually quite good at cooking. Since it's about
housewarming, me cooking is okay. This isn't about trying to impress you it's about welcoming you to my home." 
Back when Lemira had moved into his apartment, she had expressed a willingness to take on cooking duties, only for Orion to assure her that she didn't need to win anyone over. en FindNovel
Since then, meals were prepared by a hired cook.
But this time was different. This was her home, her domain.
Orion joined her in the kitchen, assisting with the meal prep.
2
After all, it was just for their two, and wouldn't be too difficult to prepare. It didn't take long for Lemira to whip up a hearty dinner, even pausing to snap a photo for Facebook 
However, she found there were a few missed calls. Though there was no call ID, she was familiar with the number - it's Lucian's.
As another call came through at the time, Lemira promptly dismissed it, showing no interest in answering.
[Lemmy, I'll explain everything to the police about Evelina's accident. You don't have to worry. Even if the footage is gone, I will vouch for you.]
Lemira glanced at the messages before flipping her phone face down on the table.
She didn't need Lucian help her to explain, especially since Evelina was too guilt-ridden to pursue the matter further, fearing the footage might be recovered. Orion caught a glimpse of her phone, "A message from the Langstons?"
"Yeah, you know how it is. In Asher's eyes, I'm the villain who pushed poor, innocent Evelina. They're bound to come after me."
Orion's expression darkened, "What did he say?"
"It was Lucian. Said he knows the camera's broken and that he'd clear things up with the police for me. But honestly, I couldn't care less!"
###Chapter 234
The Langstons had a knack for winning people over with small acts of kindness. But she wouldn't be swayed, nor would she look back.
Seeing her determination, Orion knew that even if she were to live in Orvin on her own, she wouldn't be easily bullied.
On the other end of the phone, after sending a message, Lucian tried calling again. Still, no answer.
He thought that after sending those words, Lemira would at least pick up the phone, willing to hear him out for a minute! But to his surprise, Lemira didn't even pick up the call! Asher scoffed, "How's it? Is Lemira too guilty to answer the phone?"
"Asher, Lemmy's not like that. And given the circumstances, we can't just take Evelina's word for it and blame Lemmy."
"Lucian, I think you've been brainwashed by Lemira. Eve got hurt like that, and you still say Lemira's not to blame? I'm starting to think the surveillance camera was tampered with, which might be Lemira's doing." Asher had thought the surveillance footage would clear everything up. Turned out, the footage was corrupted.
Evelina coughed deliberately, "Asher, let it go. I don't want to pursue this any further."
She was secretly relieved the footage was gone. It was a stroke of luck.
She had her defense all planned out, but it turned out to be unnecessary. What if they kept digging and the surveillance data was recovered? She couldn't take that risk! Seeing Evelina's magnanimity, Asher said, "You're just too kind."
Lucian, however, harbored doubts, "Evelina, did Lemmy really push you down the stairs?"
Evelina was flustered, "Y-Yes."
"But according to what you described, Lemmy was standing at the bottom of the stairs, and you were at the top. How could she have pushed you down?" That just didn't add up.
Evelina lowered her head in panic, "Lucian, I was just trying to talk to Lemmy, but she got emotional and pulled me, causing me to fall."
"But you said Lemira pushed you down the stairs, didn't you?"
If it was really a pull, why didn't Evelina use that word? Evelina's statements were contradictory!
Feeling extremely guilty, Evelina coughed violently, afraid of being caught in a lie.
Asher interjected, "What are you implying by interrogating her like this?"
"I just want to get to the bottom of the truth."
"They're sisters. A little pushing and shoving, and things got out of hand. Isn't that obvious?"
Lucian felt exhausted, "Asher, it's not like that. You can't just blame Lemmy."
"Enough, you've been so blinded by Lemira, you're spoiling her."
Frustrated, Lucian left the hospital room, tugging at his collar, feeling both suffocated and irritated.
Why wouldn't Asher just listen to him? Now, he realized Evelina wasn't as innocent as she seemed.
Seeing Asher's prejudice against
Lemira reminded him of his own et
past mistakes. No wonder his little sister was so adamant about leaving the Langstons. 
Taking out his phone, Lucian deliberated before sending a message. [Lemmy, if you ever into trouble in Orvin, you can always count on me.] 
Lemira's phone buzzed once more. She didn't even glance at it; right now, her emotions were a tangled mess.
Back at the restaurant, when Orion
covered her ears, her heart fluttered uncontrollably. Now that she was about to start college life, she ошно thought, maybe it was time to follow
her own feelings. 
Orion sensed Lemira's distraction, "What's on your mind?"
Lemira's gaze flickered, "Did you come to Orvin looking for your girlfriend?"
###Chapter 235
When Lemira asked the question, she instantly regretted it.
Orion paused, "Why do you ask?"
"Nothing."
Quickly, Lemira lowered her head, pretending to focus on her food.
Catching sight of Lemira's downcast look, Orion found himself blurting out before he could think better of it, "I don't have a girlfriend yet."
"You don't? But Thaddeus mentioned before that you were seeing someone."
Her heart tightened at once.
Orion's Adam's apple bobbed slightly, "Thaddeus talks nonsense. You believed him?"
He had planned to keep up the charade of having a girlfriend, but facing Lemira's persistent inquiries, he couldn't bear to lie to her any longer. Nor did he want to pretend with someone else, unable to bear seeing her look of disappointment. Orion remained an unperturbed facade, yet deep down, Orion's feelings had already started to tilt in her favor.
"So, you are not with her. You're single then."
Lemira's heart raced at the news. She had been wrestling with her feelings, thinking she had no right to confess if Orion was taken. But now, since he didn't have any girlfriend, the situation seemed different.
Seeing the spark in Lemira's eyes, Orion felt a sharp pang in his heart.
He looked down, "Still trying."
Lemira's face stiffened at his words, "Still trying, huh? Well, that's good!"
The flicker of hope she felt was instantly snuffed out. She had thought there was a chance.
She hadn't expected Orion to be so smitten with that girl, to keep pursuing her even after being rejected.
Orion felt vexed. How was he supposed to cover his lie now?
Silence fell between them, each lost in their thoughts, not looking up to meet the other's gaze.
Lemira was distracted as she ate, harboring a feeling she couldn't describe. Turned out this was how people felt when they had a crush, their mood varying because of the one they fell for. 
Realizing her mood had shifted, she stood abruptly, "I need to use the restroom."
Her steps were hurried, and once inside, she faced her reflection in the mirror, her eyes rimmed with red.
She splashed her face with cold water, attempting to calm her nerves.
Outside, Orion watched Lemira walk
away, blaming himself for
addressing those words. This was something he indeed found
Stocky to
handle. 
Reading a girl's mind was easy, but what he only could do was back off.
At the moment, Lemira returned from the restroom; she sat down, her gaze fixed on the plate before her.
Orion noticed she didn't pick up the utensil, "Done eating?"
"No. Today's supposed to celebrate me moving to the new house, after all."
Lemira's voice was hollow, her eyes locked on the man across the table, "Orion, what if you're never able to win that girl's heart?"
"I don't know. That's for me to handle in the future," Orion said nonchalantly.
Lemira could tell he was still hung up on that girl. All of a sudden, she felt envious of that girl.
As they finished their meal, Lemira glanced at the time, "How about you help me pick out some home goods this afternoon? We could also look for some men's shoes." 
"Why men's shoes?"
Orion's voice deepened, a playful tone underlying his question.
Feeling her cheeks warm, Lemira turned away, "In case I start dating and my boyfriend needs shoes to wear when he visits."
Orion's expression darkened, "Don't just bring any guy back to your place."
"Doesn't that include you?"
Lemira challenged him, a playful spark in her eyes. She was curious about what he took her for.
Orion mused over it for quite a moment, "I see you as a sister, so I can visit. But other guys? That's different."
###Chapter 236
Treated her like a sister?
Lemira's heart turned bitter in an instant, and she spoke up, "Well, I'm not exactly in need of a brother."
Just then, Orion's phone rang. He glanced at the phone and answered, "Hello?"
"Mr. Everhart, there's a bit of a situation at the corporation. When can you come down?"
"Right away."
Orion hung up the phone, "About the house goods, I'll have someone deliver them later. No need for you to go out and pick them."
"You're not going now? Who was that on the phone? Something urgent?"
Lemira guessed blindly if it might be that girl.
Orion hesitated for a moment, "Something came up. I gotta go."
"Okay."
Watching Orion leave, Lemira felt like she was on an emotional roller coaster.
He rushed off after a call; it must have been that girl's call. Left alone, Lemira prepared some materials on artificial intelligence that might come in handy in the future.
Soon after, there was a knock on the door, "Ms. Langston, we're from the home goods company, ready to deliver your order. Is that convenient?"
Lemira was puzzled, "I didn't order these."
"It was Mr. Everhart who placed the order."
Lemira hadn't expected Orion to actually arrange for the delivery of home goods; she thought he was just speaking off the cuff.
She tried to call Orion, but no one answered. She looked at the delivery personnel standing outside, "Bring them in then." She decided she would pay Orion back later.
Soon, the delivery personnel quickly arranged all the furniture and home goods. Lemira found the light-colored theme quite soothing. After the workers left, Lemira sent Orion a photo of the living room, "Nice taste. How much did it cost? I'll pay you back."
She didn't want to accept these things from him. It felt oddly uncomfortable.
But Orion didn't reply to her message.
Feeling both conflicted and annoyed, Lemira eventually decided not to ask further. If he wasn't in a hurry, why should she be?
On the first day of school, Lemira
ket
dragged her suitcase, hailing a cab to Orvie
University. As she got into
the taxi, a black luxury car followed quietly behind. 
Inside the luxury car, Thaddeus spoke lazily, "If you're so worried, why not just drop her off yourself? Why follow her secretly like this?" "No need."
Orion watched the taxi ahead. The last time at the restaurant, he was almost recognized.
Now that Lemira was starting a new life, he shouldn't reappear. The man's gaze carried a hint of reluctance, something even he hadn't noticed.
Lemira got out of the cab and walked into the campus, ready to start her new chapter.
She went to the registration desk, pulling out her offer of admission along with the necessary documents.
"Lemira, seems like you really
treasure this school offer, getting so
ve
upset when it was previously opened. It's just a school offer, what's the big deal?" 
Evelina, dressed in branded attire and carrying a designer bag, approached.
Seeing Evelina, Lemira scoffed, "What are you doing here at Orvin University? With your canceled scores due to cheating, you couldn't reach the entry requirements even if you put efforts for it!"
Lemira brought up Evelina's cheating scandal, making Evelina clench her teeth in anger, blaming the witch always brought up the most inconvenient topics.
Luckily, they were at Orvin, where no one knew them.
Evelina put on a smug look deliberately, "There's some good news for you: I'm now a student at Orvin University as well."
###Chapter 237
What? Evelina claiming she was a student at Orvin University?
Lemira couldn't help but snort with laughter, "Evelina, did you hit your head too hard last time? You think scoring zero on your tests makes you Orvin material?"
"Tsk, knew you wouldn't believe it. Orvin University's Business School doesn't just focus on grades, you know. Asher personally pulled some strings for me. Jealous much?" Evelina was still seething over the surveillance footage incident last time and found no where to vent her anger.
Luckily, because playing the sympathetic figure had softened Asher's heart enough to secure her a spot at Orvin University's Business School.
Lemira got the gist and her tone dripped with sarcasm, "Oh, I get it. Your so-called Business School is just a diploma mill."
As if zero scores would get anyone into Orvin University! Even if Asher had connections, it wouldn't stretch that far!
Evelina was fuming, her face turning a shade of beetred, but without a comeback - her confidence was shot.
"Where does this country bumpkin get off calling Orvin University's Business School a diploma mill?"
Lemira caught a whiff of overpowering perfume before seeing a girl, decked out in designer gear and with an unmistakable air of cosmetic enhancement, approaching.
Susanna Sinclair looked down on Lemira, "Country bumpkin, don't embarrass yourself if you don't know any better. You, with your grades, might have squeezed into Orvin, but you'll always just be working for someone else. Our Business School breeds leaders, the ones you'll be calling boss someday!"
Lemira had never heard of such ridiculous remarks. Was flaunting wealth an Orvin thing?
She noticed the crowd around them bowed their heads, daring not speak. Clearly, this student from the Business School was not to be messed with.
Evelina recognized the girl immediately - Ms. Sinclair.
After all, there were only a handful of freshmen, and she had researched her classmates thoroughly.
Evelina hurriedly told Lemira, "You better apologize now, stop making a scene."
Lemira's expression was impassive, "I didn't say anything wrong."
"Oh, so defiant, country bumpkin. If you don't get on your knees and apologize right now, I promise you'll regret your next four years at university!"
Lemira, having faced death before, was unfazed by the threat. She grabbed her documents, pulled her suitcase, and left without giving Susanna another glance.
Susanna, used to getting her way, had never been treated like that. Livid, she turned to Evelina, "What's her name?"
"She's Lemira. We went to the same high school. She's always had a bad rep back then, even got into early romance with a school doctor and moved out to live with him!" "Tsk, a little tramp dares to cross me? She's done for!"
Susanna felt humiliated like never before.
Her sister was engaged to the
Everhart heir, the top family at Orvin. Who wouldn't respect her? A girt from the sticks thinking she could look down on the Business School? 
Evelina watched Lemira's retreating figure with a gloating smirk. Lemira had made an enemy of a wealthy heiress on her first day. Her future time wouldn't be that easy 
---
Lemira dragged her suitcase to the dorm building.
Pushing open the door to her room, with its bunk bed and desk setup, she chose a spot and began to make her bed.
Soon, two other students arrived, their parents in tow, laden with belongings. Lemira, alone and with minimal luggage, looked out of place.
A parent approached her, "Are you here by yourself? On such an important day, aren't your parents coming?"
Lemira replied blandly, "My parents died in a car accident when I was young."
The parent's face fell into an
awkward expression at her words "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, dear, D-Do you need any help with your things? You don't seem to have brought enough stuff." 
###Chapter 238
"No need, but thanks."
A girl with short hair tugged on her mother's hand, "Mom, I told you to stop snooping around."
Somewhat embarrassed, the short-haired girl turned to Lemira and said, "Hi, I'm Janice. Don't mind what my mom said, okay?" "It's fine."
Lemira had already decided she wouldn't reveal her connection to the Langstons, and would only announce that her parents were no longer around. Another girl came over to greet, "I'm Clara Jones, an only child. I'm used to being by myself, so hopefully, you guys won't be too noisy or disturb me."
Lemira and Janice exchanged glances, silently agreeing that Clara might be a tough person to get along with.
Their dorm was meant for four, but the last roommate hadn't shown up yet, leaving everyone curious about who it might be.
That evening, the supervisor asked everyone to gather in the lecture hall for a meeting.
On their way there, Lemira and her new roommates was heading to the hall; there were many students on the way.
Suddenly, there was a stir among the crowd. A group of students in blue uniforms appeared, each moving with an air of undeniable confidence.
"Who are they?" Janice asked, puzzled.
Clara boasted, "Don't you know? They're from Orvin University's Business School. All of them are rich kids with powerful connections. They're way out of our league, not someone we can trifle with!"
Lemira saw Evelina among them and commented indifferently, "They're just here for the Orvin University diploma."
"Lemira, don't make the comments randomly when you have no idea. Getting into Orvin University's Business School isn't something just anyone can do. You need the board's approval based on your family status and contributions to the school." Clara explanation, drew the attention of students around them.
Feeling the gaze of her peers, Clara continued to show off, "And these heirs and heiresses? They don't even need a diploma. They're here to network, but that has nothing to do with us." en FindNovel
Lemira was surprised to learn about the inner workings of the Business School.
No wonder Evelina could be here; it must have been Asher pulling some strings. After all, Asher was rumored to be dating a girl from a prominent family in Orvin, likely helping Evelina gain admission behind the scene. 
Once the uniform-clad group entered the building, the rest of the students, decked out in clothes different from them, slowly dispersed.
Lemira didn't dwell on Evelina's situation; she had plenty on her plate and no time to pay attention to those gossips.
After all, she had severed ties with the Langstons and wanted nothing to do with them.
Settling into a seat in the large lecture hall, Lemira listened as the supervisor went over important details for the new term and added everyone to a class group chat. Once Lemira joined the group, she noticed many people there were chatting. Someone in the chat posted a photo, "Who's this beauty? Need her contact info." "Wow, she's gorgeous. Could be our belle!"
Janice gazed at Lemira, "Someone in the chat is asking for your contact info."
Clara, sounding a bit jealous, warned, "Lemira, don't bother with them. Don't give out your contact info."
Lemira saw the chat messages and simply smiled, not taking it seriously.
Her thoughts suddenly drifted to Orion. If he was pursuing someone else, maybe it was time for her to start anew too. The idea made her feel somewhat melancholic. As the meeting ended and everyone headed out, the crowd suddenly parted at the staircase.
The group of privileged students in uniforms made their way down. Lemira stopped like others, noticing that group of people's arrogance clear for all to see, not bothering to regard anyone else. FindNovel
At the sight of Lemira, Evelina's eyes lit up with exhilaration. Evelina whispered to Susanna, "Susanna, look over there!"
###Chapter 239
Lemira caught a whiff of trouble the moment she looked up and saw Evelina. And there stood the ever so haughty Ms. Sinclair! Sometimes, fate really had a twisted sense of humor!
Susanna sneered at Lemira, "Oh, it's you. Disrespecting our Business School earlier this afternoon and just walking away without an apology?" With Susanna's words, the rest of the rich kids turned their attention toward Lemira.
"So, you're the chick who looked down on our Business School. Pretty brave, aren't you, sweetheart?"
"Tsk, tsk, what a country bumpkin, reeking of poverty from head to toe!"
Susanna marched right up to Lemira, "If you kneel and apologize right here in front of everyone, we might consider letting you off the hook."
Evelina was delighted to see this unfold. She feigned concern, "Just apologize, Lemira. It'll make your life easier, I'm saying this for your own good!"
Ha, Lemira has made enemies with the Business School elites. Her future looked bleak indeed.
Lemira lifted her eyelid, "I said nothing wrong. Apologize for what?"
Her attitude couldn't be more arrogant!
Susanna clenched her teeth in anger, "Everyone saw it, freshman Lemira has offended the entire Business School! Whoever sides with her from now on is against us!" This country bumpkin dared to be so brazen, Susanna wouldn't be polite. She must teach Lemira a lesson, or the Business School would become everyone's laughingstock! The other students quickly distanced themselves from Lemira.
Her roommate Clara instinctively stepped away and yanked over another roommate, whispering, "Are you courting death? We can't afford to mess with these wealthy heirs." Janice hesitated but eventually kept silent.
Who would have thought a freshman would dare to stand up to the Business School! Now, she'd become public enemy number one! Lemira stood alone at the staircase, her figure frail, looking very vulnerable.
Evelina's lips curled slightly, "Lemira, you don't want to be isolated at the start of the school year, do you? There's still time to apologize.
Considering our past, I could sel
in a good word for you with Susanna!" 
Lemira's expression was expressly cold, "I don't care!"
She turned and walked away, ignoring everyone.
put
Lemira's action truly shocked the crowd; they hadn't expected her to be so fearless! Even the Business School elite couldn't intimidate her!
Susanna gritted her teeth in
frustration, turning to Clara and Janice You're Lemira's roommates, right? From now on, you better not
get too close to her, or I won't let you off either." 
en FindNovel
Clara nodded hastily, frightened. Janice couldn't help but explain, "Lemira lost her parents early, she's an orphan, that's why she's like this."
"So what if she's an orphan? I gave her a chance just now, and she didn't take it. Whose fault is that?"
Susanna had never been so humiliated in her life!
Evelina looked at Janice in surprise, "Lemira said she's an orphan?"
It seemed Lemira really wanted to cut ties with the Langston family, not even mentioning their connection! This was also a good thing for her.
Evelina sighed deliberately, "Lemira
was like this in high school too, always isolated by classmates. But she relied on her good grades and the teachers' protection, so no one could really do anything to her." 
Susanna sneered, "But this isn't your high school. This is Orvin University!"
Evelina lowered her eyelids, secretly thrilled. Lemira was definitely doomed now.
Lemira left the meeting at the academic building, walking alone on the athletic field, not expecting to make enemies on the first day of school.
She had hoped to experience a normal college life, but that seemed impossible now. She thought she could lead a normal life after distancing herself from the Langston family.
But Evelina, that fake angel, seemed to haunt her wherever she went! Every time Evelina appeared, her life would be disrupted!
###Chapter 240
Lemira's mood was getting more irritable by the minute.
Just then, her phone buzzed with a message from Lucian. [Lemmy, I'm outside the campus. Picked up some essentials for you. Can you come out and grab them?]
Feeling agitated, Lemira had no desire to meet anyone from the Langston family. She replied curtly. [No need, give them to Evelina.]
Standing beside his car, Lucian initially smiled when he saw Lemira's reply. However, her actual response made his smile wry.
It seemed Lemira was still far from forgiving him.
Evelina was heading back to Lyria for a repeat year and wouldn't be staying in Orvin. There was no point in giving these items to Evelina!
Lucian lingered outside the campus for a while, feeling torn.
He knew Lemira was there but didn't dare approach her, worried about making her more upset. He was amazed that his sister had made it into Orvin University and excelled, yet he had overlooked her, focusing more on Evelina instead.
As Lucian was about to leave, he noticed dozens of students in blue uniforms exiting the university building, one of whom looked familiar.
His expression changed slightly, "Evelina, what are you doing here?"
Evelina's face turned awkward as she hurried over, nervously saying, "Lucian, what...why are you here?"
"I should be asking you that. Why haven't you gone back for your repeat year? What are you doing at Orvin University, and in a Business School uniform no less!"
Evelina answered in a whispered voice, "Asher arranged it. He said there's no point in repeating the year since I wouldn't get into a better university anyway. It's better to make some connections at the Business School. It would be good for my future!"
Lucian was annoyed, "The Business School is a gathering place for Orvin heirs. What business do you have there? How can it possibly benefit your future?"
Evelina's eyes were a bit red, but she had made up her mind not to return to her old life. She was determined to stay in Orvin, hoping to marry into wealth through Asher.
She refused to endure a life of poverty!
Lucian frowned, "Come back with me first. I'll talk to Asher about this."
"Lucian, I know I come from a humble background, but I have my own dreams. I don't want to go back. My classmates are waiting for me, I have to go."
With that, Evelina ran off. She wasn't about to give up this rare opportunity to connect with the heirs of the Business School.
Watching Evelina disappear, Lucian
immediately called Asher, "Asher why is Evelina at the Business School? She was supposed to go back for her repeat year." 
"It was my decision. Being at the Business School is good for Eve!" "But didn't you say that spot at the Business School was reserved for Lemmy?"
At that time, Lemira's grades weren't great, and Asher had mentioned the Business School opportunity. But unexpectedly, Lemira had gotten into Orvin University on her own merit! , en FindNovel
"The spot was indeed reserved for Lemira."
Asher scoffed, "But look at her, cutting ties with the family and even causing the corporation's systems to crash. How does she deserve the privileges the Langston family offered her?" 
Lucian struggled with mixed feelings, unable to soothe them or voice his frustration. He felt deeply saddened.
He stared at the message Lemira had replied with, suspecting she already knew about Evelina being at the Business School.
Returning to her dorm, Lemira checked her phone and saw her classmates discussing how she had been isolated by the Business School. Clara and Janice walked in, making the atmosphere even more awkward.
Clara was clearly displeased, "Great, stuck in the same dorm with some people! Would it kill her to apologize?"
Lemira abruptly pulled back her chair, the screeching noise filling the room. She looked up, her gaze fiery and intense.
###Chapter 241
When Lemira stood up, the dorm room was thick with tension.
Clara was startled, "W-What are you planning to do? I didn't say anything wrong, did I? Those wealthy kids aren't someone you can afford to mess with, given your poor status." Janice quickly tried to smooth things over, "Come on, we're all classmates and roommates. Let's not get this tense!"
"Hmph, Ms. Sinclair already said, if we get too chummy with Lemira here in the dorm, she won't let us off the hook either."
Clara swiftly grabbed her toiletries and headed to the balcony.
Only then did Lemira sit back down, sorting through her textbooks. In her past life, she had also studied computer science. These basic courses were actually not difficult for her at all. The next day, Lemira headed to class alone, textbooks in hand.
Along the way, she felt the stares and heard the whispers, but she didn't pay much attention. After all, she had been isolated before in her past life because of Evelina!
However, as Lemira approached the classroom door, she sensed something amiss. She looked up at the slightly ajar door and kicked it open.
The next second, a bucket fell from above the door. Lemira nimbly dodged, but the onlookers inside weren't so lucky; water splashed everywhere. Screams filled the classroom.
"Oh my God, this filthy water got on my clothes."
"Damn, this dress is a limited edition, just bought it."
Lemira sauntered into the classroom, spotting Susanna and Evelina in a sorry state, and couldn't help but smirk.
Such childish tactics! This must have been Evelina's bright idea!
Susanna was livid, "Hey, bumpkin, you got our clothes dirty. You better be ready to compensate!"
"Bumpkin, if you don't have the money, you can work off your debt for us!"
Lemira's gaze darkened, "No money, no compensation. If you're not satisfied, sue me."
Did they really think she was easy to scare? After all, she was once the prestigious Ms. Langston, well aware of these petty games and wouldn't be scared by their few threats. 
Susanna stomped her foot in frustration, "Fine, just you wait!"
Susanna had come to enjoy the show but ended up the butt of the joke, covered in filthy water. Disgusted!
Evelina, not caring about anything else, followed Susanna out of the classroom, "Susanna, I didn't expect Lemira to notice."
Susanna, in a fit of anger, slapped
Evelina, "It's all because of your shitty idea. Look what happened to us! No wonder you come from the same place as that bumpkin equally stupid!" 
Evelina instantly covered her face, her eyes reddened at once. Except Susanna stormed off, and the others ignored Evelina, following Susanna.
Evelina stood there alone, feeling utterly humiliated. Once she secured her place in this circle, she vowed to return today's humiliation tenfold, a hundredfold!
"Well, looks like being someone's lackey hasn't turned out so well for you."
Lemira stood by the door, arms crossed over her chest. Her eyes were tinged with mockery as she witnessed Evelina was slapped, and yet the latter was too timid to respond. Noticing Lemira saw the whole thing, Evelina angrily dropped her hands, "You got lucky this time!"
"Tsk, tsk, seems I'll always be this lucky. As for you, who knows?"
"Hmph, Asher will pave the way for me. One day I'll live a better life than you, marry better than you. You?
You'll just end up with that broken et?
schootdoctor for the rest of your
life, forever a mere coer!"
Evelina was also in a foul mood, only feeling a sense of achievement when facing Lemira.
Seeing Evelina in such a pitiful state finally lifted Lemira's spirits. It seemed Evelina's efforts to ingratiate herself with those heirs weren't making her life any easier.
Lemira returned to the classroom, and soon, a janitor came in to mop up all the dirty water, making it seem as if nothing had happened at all.
###Chapter 242
Lemira stepped into the classroom, scanning for a seat. Despite a couple of empty ones, it seemed they were all "taken". "Sorry, this seat's taken."
Lemira could sense it - she was being ostracized.
With no other option, she made her way to the center seat of the first row, a spot where no one would choose. Because it was impossible to sneak peeks at the phone and most likely to be called to answer questions; thus, basically nobody was willing to sit at the first row. Class flew by in a blur.
Lemira walked out of the classroom alone, while on her way back to the dorm, she saw various clubs pitching to newcomers.
"Hey, wanna join our Cosplay Club? We've got the hottest members."
"Interested in the Orvin University Team? Catch live games for free."
As Lemira spotted that the Orvin University Team were recruiting new members, temptation tugged at her.
She was aware that the Orvin University Team was famed for nurturing talent, with the national team occasionally scouting from their ranks.
If she thought about joining the national team, the Orvin University's gaming squad was her ticket. After all, she had no intention of signing with other teams and commercial contracts offered no freedom, while the Orvin University's team was different. Lemira grabbed a flyer from Orvin University Team, "I'd like to know more."
"Sure thing. Freshman, right? You look familiar. Ever played this game before?"
"A bit."
"Great, having some experience is always good. Follow me for the paperwork, and if you're free this afternoon, come check out our base."
Lemira walked over to fill in her information.
Although her mood was affected by that fake angel, Lemira was determined not to give up her destination.
As Lemira finished the lunch and headed back to her dorm, she immediately sensed someone had tampered with her belongings.
She checked her stuff and found nothing was missing. Lemira noticed Clara's darting eyes as the latter went over from the balcony, acting suspiciously guilty.
Lemira addressed impassively, "Did you mess with my stuff?"
"What nonsense are you talking about? Look at your poor state, why would I bother? My bag alone is worth thousands, more than your yearly expenses." Guilty as Clara felt, she wouldn't just admit it.
Lemira eyed her bag, "Overpriced knockoff, you've offered the price high."
"It's genuine, bought by my dad as a college gift. What would a nobody from the sticks know about luxury? And an orphan no less."
Clara was pissed off.
"This bag of yours is from last year. Inside there's a chip, you can't just check it."
Clara went to check right away, and found there was no chip. With tears, she ran to the balcony to make calls.
Sitting back down, Lemira casually put the gaming team flyer on the table.
Janice whispered, "Lemira, be
careful. You've offended people
from the Business School, and net
they've been plotting how to give
you a hard time." 
"Got it, thanks."
Janice took a glance at the document about the gaming team on the table, "You're into playing this game too?"
"Yeah, they're recruiting."
"But their requirements must be high. My skills are not so satisfying."
"It's not that high. You can give it a shot; it's worth trying."
Later, Lemira browsed gaming
forums, responding to some gaming details. Many people inquired about her joining the Reapers. Confused by the sudden interest, she discovered Michel, the Reapers' manager, had foffowed her online account.
What did Michel mean by that? Lemira messaged him at once. [When did I say I was joining the Reapers?] But she received no reply.
That afternoon, Lemira made her

way to the Orvin University Team's gaming base, which was quite impressive with its spacious and attractive setting. As going in, she found a lot of new students had already arrived. 
"Lemira, even a country bumpkin likes gaming, huh?"
###Chapter 243
Lemira glanced up and saw Susanna, but there was no sign of Evelina.
Settling onto a bench, she spoke with a hint of nonchalance, "I never thought you'd enjoy shadowing me so much. It seems wherever I go, you're right there behind me."
No sooner had Lemira arrived than Susanna made her appearance, likely tipped off by Clara's knack for spreading news.
"Lemira, don't flatter yourself. The Orvin University Team is financed by my father. I'm just here to check on things, what's wrong with that?"
Susanna retorted with a sneer, "And as for you trying to join the Orvin University Team? Please. It's not some free-for-all where anyone can stroll in. With your skills? Dream on."
"Isn't the Orvin University Team all about merit? Or is it just a connection club now?" Lemira stared at Susanna, standing her ground.
"Do you even have any merit?" Susanna snapped, her irritation palpable.
"Whether I have it or not, that's none of your business."
Lemira brushed off Susanna, leaving the latter fuming.
Soon, the team captain arrived, "Welcome, everyone, to our club. Not everyone can join the team as an official member right away. There's a selection process. Those who pass become reserve members and will later be assessed for official membership." The base was equipped with computers for a player-versus-computer challenge.
Susanna mocked from the side, "I bet someone won't even make it as reserve members."
Indeed, some newcomers were quickly eliminated during their challenge. But others triumphed.
When it was Lemira's turn, she was among the last. Sitting in front of the computer, she expertly awaited the start of the challenge.
Susanna, sweeping a glance at the team member aside, covertly increased the difficulty of Lemira's challenge.
Once the game started, Lemira noticed the uptick in difficulty but it made no difference to her; she dispatched her virtual opponent in three swift moves.
The onlookers were astounded, "She's incredible, to defeat the computer that quickly!"
"Holy smokes, that's impressive. She shouldn't be a newbie at all!"
Susanna was dumbfounded at the scene, turning to the team member, "Didn't I tell you to increase the difficulty? Did you mess up?"
"Ms. Sinclair, I did as instructed. She's just that good."
A pro she must be!
Lemira glanced at Susanna, offering her a half smile.
At that moment, Captain Jackson
intervened to ease the tension, "It seems our team has gained a formidable new member. Congratulations, Lemira, on
becoming a reserve member We'll expect you at the base for training When you're free." 
"Got it."
Lemira was quite calm, while Susanna seethed internally.
Susanna pulled the captain aside, whispering, "I don't care, you can't let that wretch join the Team!"
"Ms. Sinclair, Demira passed the test
fair and square. We can't just
dismiss her in front of everyone. Besides, since she's with the team, if you're looking to get back at her, there will be other opportunities." 
"You have a point."
QUMS
Susanna finally dropped the matter, but she was far from giving up on making Lemira's life difficult.
Wandering around the base, Lemira stumbled upon the hall of fame and noticed a hoodie-clad silhouette instead of a typical photograph at the forefront.
She moved closer and realized it
was King a legend who had also hailed from Orvin University Team, which meant King was also a
student from Orvin University. 
Details about King were scarce, and she was only now connecting the dots.
Her phone rang; it was the manager from Reapers.
"Lemira, you've settled in the Orvin University, haven't you? Consider joining us instead. We can negotiate a great offer for you."
###Chapter 244
"No thanks, I'm not planning on signing with any team."
Lemira was quite straightforward in her refusal.
She glanced at a silhouette on the wall, "By the way, was King also from Orvin University?"
"Did you go to the Orvin University Team base? Yes, he was a student there, but it's been ages since he graduated."
"Is he still in the industry?"
"Not as far as I know. With his family background, it's unlikely he'd stick around in a team."
Lemira gathered that this legend must come from a pretty privileged background. After hanging up the phone, she turned to see her team captain. "Lemira, you've got some real talent. I hope you'll considering going pro with us. You've got potential."
"Thanks."
"Are you joining the team as a hobby, or do you have other plans?"
"I want to make it to the national team!"
That was one of Lemira's dreams.
A flicker of disdain passed in the captain's eyes - dreaming of the national team? How na?ve. It wasn't that easy to get into the national team.
But he didn't let it show, "That's a fine dream. You'll have to work hard then, and make sure to train with us often."
Lemira nodded obediently, "I understand."
"Lemira, do you want to go out tonight? I can show you around."
"I have plans tonight, so I'll pass."
"Don't get me wrong. It's a welcome party for the new members, and you just joined the reserve team. It wouldn't look good if you didn't show." That was when Lemira reluctantly agreed.
In the evening, Lemira went with the team to the venue of the dinner. But she was surprised to find out it was bar.
Jackson looked at her, "First time? Don't be scared, I've got your back."
"Look at our captain, playing the hero."
"Captain, you're spoiling Lemira. We're getting jealous here."
Jackson quickly waved his hands, "Don't tease, you'll scare this kid."
Lemira bristled a bit at being called a "kid". She stepped away from Jackson, creating some distance between them. The group headed to a private room upstairs.
Just as Thaddeus stepped out to
make a call, he spotted Lemira
yel
among a group of young men and
women, looking surprised, thinking he might see things.
He turned and went to the VIP room, where a few young men in suits were sitting around playing poker, their demeanor elegant.
He walked over to Orion and whispered, "I just saw Lemira."
Orion frowned, "What's she doing here?"
"I'm puzzled too. Looks like she's
with some classmates, laughing and having a good time. There's a guy
being pretty attentive
Orion's expression darkened instantly, "You sure?"
"Positive. Their room's on the second floor. But it's normal, right? She's in college, meeting new people, having admirers." Seeing Orion's mood worsen, Thaddeus didn't continue. But then Orion played fiercely, dominating the poker table. "Orion, what's got into you today?"
Thaddeus touched his nose, feeling
a bit guilty, he guessed the reason. Some guys, they said they were letting go but just couldn't seem to do it! 
Downstairs in the private room.
BUMS
Lemira sat in a corner, not at all interested in mingling or networking. Susanna, bursting in with Evelina, waved her hand, "Tonight's on me!" "Cheers to Ms. Sinclair!"
Susanna turned to Lemira, "But not for her. I'm not covering her bill."
###Chapter 245
After Susanna dropped that bomb, the bar's private room went dead silent. Many eyes turned to Lemira, some filled with anticipation for the drama to unfold.
"I heard Lemira managed to tick off some folks from the Business School right on the first day."
"Yeah, I was there. Lemira was all high and mighty."
"People really should know their place, saves them from biting off more than they can chew."
Susanna, smug as ever, stared Lemira down. She was out for blood, wanting to make Lemira squirm.
She aimed to show this country bumpkin the price for crossing her! Making Lemira an outcast at the university, until she was begging Susanna for forgiveness on her knees!
Jackson intervened, "Ms. Sinclair, perhaps there's been a misunderstanding with Lemira. We're all going to be part of the same club now. Why don't we just let bygones be bygones over a drink?" Evelina chimed in hastily, "Exactly, Lemira, why don't you just apologize to Ms. Sinclair with a toast?"
"Hmph, unless she gets on her knees and beg for it, I will never forgive her!"
Susanna grabbed a glass from the table and flung its contents towards Lemira, "Consider this a lesson! Letting you know the difference between us, you bumpkin!"
Lemira was drenched but remained unfazed, calmly wiping her face.
"Lemira, listen to the captain, just apologize."
Evelina was pleased to see the scene, thinking Lemira got what she deserved.
Jackson handed Lemira a glass, "Come on, make a toast, be nice about it."
Lemira glanced at it and took the glass.
The smile on Jackson's face deepened, "That's right. Apologize to Ms. Sinclair!" "Who said I'd apologize?"
With the glass in hand, she poured the drink right over Susanna's head.
People in the room witnessed the scene, everyone holding their breath, daring not make any sound. They knew full well Susanna was not one to mess with, never expecting Lemira would fight back. 
Realizing what had happened, Susanna screamed, "You hillbilly b***, you're dead meat!"
Evelina, snapping back to reality, hurriedly passed tissues to Susanna. She was taken aback, astounded by Lemira's boldness,
Lemira clapped her hands, dismissively saying, "You started it. Just returning the favor."
Not wanting to stay a moment longer, Lemira made her way out, stopping by the restroom first, regretting she ever came. Jinx!
As she exited from a stall, Evelina was waiting, all high and mighty, "Lemira, you've crossed Ms. Sinclair. You're done for. Not even Asher could save you now." "You must be over the moon, right? Setting Susanna on me, a real backstabber!"
"I don't know what you're talking about, I only know that you're in deep trouble. The Sinclairs won't let this go."
"Well, I'll be waiting."
As Lemira turned to leave, Evelina
suddenly raised her hand and sprayed something at Lemira. It smelled sweet but odd. Lemira
covered her nose and mouth stepping back cautiously. 
That was when Susanna stormed in, flanked by a few bodyguards, "Lemira, you dare splash me with a drink. I'll send you ten hooligans, and make sure everyone sees you for the tramp you are. Let's see how you hotd your head up at Orvin University after this!" 
Feeling her face burn and her strength wane, Lemira realized Susanna's ruthlessness. She was careless this time.
Lemira looked down and spotted a mop bucket nearby; she grabbed it and hurled it towards Susanna, who screamed and stumbled back as her bodyguards rushed in. Seizing the chance, Lemira dashed out.
"She's running away!" Evelina was the first to react, grabbing Lemira by the wrist.
###Chapter 246
Lemira fought with all her might to break free, running desperately forward. Spotting an open elevator door, she darted inside without a second thought.
Leaning against the elevator wall, Lemira gritted her teeth and pulled out her smartphone, unsure of whom to call.
Left with no choice, she dialed 911 while continuing her escape.
"There she is, don't let her get away."
Cornered at the end of the hallway, Lemira turned to face the two bodyguards, "I've called the cops, they'll be here any minute."
"Even if the Almighty himself showed up, it wouldn't help you."
"Listen, young lady, you're out of your depth here. Better come with us now!"
Pinned against the wall, barely able to stand, Lemira watched the guards approach.
Just then, a door nearby swung open. Without thinking, Lemira rushed inside and immediately knocked over a vase, "I can pay for the damages, but I need to get to a hospital first!"
If these guards were wary of this particular room, it meant someone of significance was inside.
Breaking something would surely attract their attention and demand compensation. She needed just a bit of time; escaping this place meant safety.
With less strength, Lemira slumped to the floor. She could barely lift her head to see the men in the room.
"Lemon, is that really you?"
Thaddeus couldn't believe his ears until he opened the door to find a girl bursting in, breaking the antique vase next to it!
Hearing a familiar voice, Lemira struggled to look up and saw Thaddeus. The next moment, someone lifted her from the broken porcelain.
Orion was both distressed and angry, "What on earth happened?"
Hearing Orion's voice, Lemira managed a weak smile, "It's you guys."
She should be safe now. Then, looking up at Orion with puppy eyes, she complained, "Someone's been bullying me!"
Orion noticed Lemira reeked of alcohol and her face was unusually flushed, instantly realizing what she must've endured.
His face turned stormy, his gaze shifting towards the door. Thaddeus immediately understood, "Don't worry, I'll handle it. Event!"
Thoughtfully, Thaddeus ushered the rest two out as well. Their curiosity piqued, they asked, "Who's that girl?"
"Am I dreaming, or did Orion just show a tender side, actually picking up a girl?"
Thaddeus coughed, "Some questions are better left unanswered. We've got more pressing matters to handle right now." Lemira was a simple dinner out. How had things escalated to this?
Those two bodyguards, trying their luck, claimed, "We're with the hotel. The girlowes us money. She was supposed to settle it by keeping us company but then she ran off."
en FindNovel
Thaddeus's expression turned icy at this, "Watch your mouth. You think you can slander her like that?"
Seemed like they needed to be taught a lesson.
Back in the room, Lemira clung to Orion, nuzzling into his neck.
Orion pressed her hand, "What exactly happened? Didn't I always tell you to avoid drinking when you're out?"
"Are you scolding me?" Lemira looked up at him, eyes brimming with tears, feeling wronged.
Orion immediately softened, explaining patiently, "I'm just worried about you!"
"Evelina set me up. She sprayed something on me, made me feel all hot and weak."
Orion's suspicions were confirmed after he heard Lemira's reply.
He took off his jacket to wrap Lemira in it, holding her close as they left the room.
Thaddeus standing over the
subdued bodyguards, said cold/yet
ese two are lying, r who they're working for." belongs to FindNovel
belongs to en.kikent
Orion, with a dark aura around him, looked like the grim reaper itself.
say
###Chapter 247
Lemira heard noises outside but all she could see was darkness. Orion's jacket draped over her, shielding her from everything outside.
But now, she felt a lot safer, at least she was out of immediate danger.
Orion, looking down at the two bodyguards lying on the ground, his lips pressed into a thin line, "Since they refuse to talk, make sure they never speak again."
The bodyguards turned pale at the sight of Orion carrying the girl.
Who would have thought this girl would be saved by the power heir of Orvin! Wasn't this girl an orphan with no parents?
Orion carried Lemira into the elevator; she nestled in his arms, her head covered with his suit jacket, unable to see anything outside.
Her mind was a complete mess. Her hands clung tightly to his collar, knuckles white with tension.
Orion took his private elevator down.
Susanna just happened to run up the stairs from the other side, catching a glimpse of Orion entering the elevator, with a girl in his arms. Even though her body was almost entirely covered by the jacket, it was clearly a woman! Susanna hid to the side, startled. She had been waiting for the bodyguards to come down and, growing impatient, had decided to check things out herself.
To her surprise, she saw Orion! What was going on? Did Orion have another woman on the side? And where had that little tramp Lemira gone?
Just as Susanna was about to step out, some bodyguards blocked her way.
"Do you know who I am? You dare block my way!" she spat, staring at the bodyguards.
She had clearly seen Orion with another woman, a situation she needed to clarify and then report to her sister. She couldn't let some outsider take advantage of the situation.
But the bodyguards stood firmly in front of Susanna, not letting her take a step closer. Susanna stomped her foot in frustration, "Damn it, let me through!"
Evelina approached, "Ms. Sinclair, what's the matter?"
"These people dare to block me! My sister is the fiancée of the Everhart heir. If my brother-in-law finds out you're holding me back like this, he won't let you off the hook!" 
As Evelina heard the mention of the Everhart heir, her eyes lit up, "You mean the power heir of Orvin was in that private room?"
The power heir of Orvin was from the top clan of Orvin, with wealth beyond measure. If only she could get a chance.
Susanna replied in frustration, "Yes,
my brother-in-law always prefers privacy clearing out any unwanted presence wherever he goes. I have no idea where that tramp Lemira has hidden herself." FindNovel
"Ms. Sinclair, Lemira must be hiding somewhere quietly. Once the power heir leaves, we'll surely find her!"
"Hmph, this time I'll ruin her, making her dare not cross me again."
Evelina was pleased with Susanna's words. Catching Lemira and getting those videos would give her leverage over Lemira forever.
She wouldn't dare defy Evelina then, always under her control. Evelina couldn't wait for that day.
In a private room at the end of the corridor.
Thaddeus wiped the blood off his hands, speaking calmly, "You guys have some nerve."
Messing with the girl Orion cherished above all.
"Mr. Draven, we're from the Sinclair family, just following Ms. Sinclair's orders to catch that girl."
"Tsk, the Sinclair family counts for nothing!"
Thaddeus had heard about Susanna
and her clique's antics at school;
they had caused some serious problems before, but it got
smoothed over by the Sinclairs in the end. 
###Chapter 248
This time, the Sinclairs ran into someone that couldn't be trifled with!
Thaddeus immediately called Orion, "Just found out, they're Susanna's bodyguards. They've got some beef with Lemon, which explains why they drugged her."
"Got it. Take care of those two bodyguards."
Since the bodyguards had seen him, there was no reason to let them go.
After hanging up, Orion turned to look at the girl lying on the hotel bed, his gaze unfathomable. Lemira's hands were tightly clutching the sheets, sweat dotting her forehead.
Orion's icy gaze shifted to the family doctor standing nearby, "What's the situation? Can't you see she's suffering?"
"Mr. Everhart, the lady was exposed to a new substance from the bar. I've administered an antidote, but I can't guarantee its effectiveness. The drug works quickly since it was inhaled, and we've already lost a lot of time." Orion's lips pressed into a cold line, "Will it have any side effects on her health?"
"Once the drug wears off, she'll be fine. But until then, it's best if someone keeps an eye on her."
"Leave us. And remember, nobody hears about your visit here today."
The doctor nodded hastily, grabbed his medical kit, and left.
Orion walked over to Lemira, and touched her forehead, feeling the warmth. His Adam's apple bobbed slightly, "Want some water?"
Lemira snuggled closer to his hand instead. In a daze, she wrapped her arms around his waist, "Your body's so cool."
Orion, looking at the girl moving closer, felt his gaze darken even more. He pried Lemira's hands off him, "I'll get you some water."
He fetched a glass of ice water from the fridge. When he returned to the bedside, he noticed Lemira's bare arms outside the blanket, her dress discarded on the floor.
At the sight of this, Orion's gaze deepened further. He approached Lemira, "Come on, drink some water."
But Lemira's body was limp, devoid
of any strength. Orion had no choice
but to hold her in his arms, struggling to keep the blanket around her as it slipped down.
en FindNovel
His face was tinged with agitation, "Stop moving!"
He secured Lemira in his arms, unscrewed the bottle cap, and helped her sip the water.
After a few gulps, Lemira choked, pulling at the blanket in irritation, "It's so hot."
Orion, feeling a vein throb in his temple, held her hand still. His voice was hoarse, "Stop moving, or you'll reveal too much!"
"But I'm really hot. Feel it if you don't believe me."
Lemira grabbed his hand and placed it on her chest, looking up at him with her bright eyes.
Orion froze completely, sweat beading on his nose, his throat moving as he swallowed.
Her skin was burning to the touch. Her heart was racing.
Looking down, Orion gazed at her, his voice extremely husky, "Lemira, do you know what you're doing?"
They close, his gaze were
felt his mouth go dry, the sensation was familiar. After all, he was a man like any others.
belongs to en.kiki.content
Lemira wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her lips to his. Her
tee was terrible, a
she was nibbling on him.
belongs to en.kikistont
Orion held her chin, his gaze profound and dangerous, "Lemira, snap out of it. Look clearly at who I am!"
"I know who you are!" Lemira held his face earnestly, "If I have to choose someone, I'd rather it be you."
Orion felt as if a string had totally snapped inside him. His rationality seemed to crumble.
###Chapter 249
Lemira was indeed thinking exactly that. She was certain what kind of drug she was taken because of Evelina and Susanna.
If it had been any other guy, she'd rather die. Lemira gripped his shirt tightly, "Do you have a girlfriend?"
"No, never have."
Orion could feel Lemira's heavy breathing and, with a heart full of empathy, he wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, "You're still young, don't just give yourself away to a man so easily!" "But I like you!"
Finally, Lemira voiced her true feelings. She leaned in to kiss his thin lips, her move clumsy yet cautious.
Orion's palms grew hot. He couldn't help but sigh. He knew she was acting this way due to the drug effect.
He secured her head, deepening their kiss. His approach was fierce, much like his dominating personality, taking control of the pace.
Lemira soon slumped powerless into his embrace, her cheeks flushed.
Orion's gaze was intense as he gently brushed her reddened lips, shiny and moist.
Meeting his gaze, Lemira threw all reason out the window. She pushed him down, hands trembling as they pressed against his chest.
Orion's hands circled her waist, the touch making him linger in the moment. His eyes burned with passion, "Lemira, are you sure you won't regret this?"
"I won't regret it!"
She was resolute. After all, he didn't have a girlfriend. She wanted to act on impulse just this once!
Orion flipped over, pinning her in his arms, his breath hot, his voice hoarse, "Silly girl, I don't know how to do with you!"
Lemira was too nervous to utter a word. All her courage had been spent in that moment.
Orion's hands seemed magical, but he covered her eyes, whispering to her ears, "There's another way, aside from this."
Lemira was curious about what
other wan
there could be. Suddenly,
Orion lifted her up and walked
straight into the bathroom, placing
her in the bathtub. 
The next second, Lemira was drenched in cold water. Her teeth chattered, "Orion!"
"I'm here!"
Orion knelt before her, his voice gentle, "I'll always be here."
Lemira clutched his hand, eyes closed, trying to confront what she was facing. With him by her side, Lemira no longer felt alone.
That night felt particularly long for Lemira. She had mustered the courage to be with the one she fell for, but he stopped at the last minute.
As Lemira woke up the next day, her mind was flooded with the previous night's events.
Embarrassed, she pulled the blanket over her face, wishing she could just hide away. So embarrassing!
Her body felt weak, as if she had been through a serious illness, drained of all energy. Yet, her mind was clear, vividly recalling wha happened last night. 
She kissed Orion proactively, and he kissed back.
Hiding under the covers, she touched her lips, reminiscing the sensation of the kiss. So that was what it felt like.
Her cheeks heated up, recalling that although they hadn't gone all the way, they'd done quite a bit.
After passing out in the bathtub, she now lay clean in bed, dressed by him. Now, Lemira felt shy, unsure how to face him.
She wanted to check the time, stealthily reaching for her phone. But instead, her hand found something warm and slightly hard.
Sneaking a peek, she realized it was Orion's abs! She stealthily withdrew her hand. Maybe she should just slip away while he was still asleep? That wouldn't be too awkward. 
"You awake?"
Orion's voice came from above her, squashing her hopes of escape. Lemira held her breath, unsure how to respond.
###Chapter 250
When she fell silent, Orion feared something was amiss and impulsively pulled back the blanket. But Lemira clutched the blanket closer, not yet ready to face him! Orion gave the blanket a tug, but it wouldn't budge. A playful smirk flashed in his eyes, "Feeling shy now?" Someone was quite the bold adventurer last night. Hearing the tease in his voice made Lemira all the more reluctant to see him.
Orion got up, "I'm gonna take a shower."
Lemira sneaked some peeks, and seeing he sat up, she grabbed a robe and slipped it on, though her eyes keenly noted his physique. Hmm, not too shabby, she thought.
Last night, she remembered exploring his abs, quite a nice feel to them.
Once the sound of running water filled the bathroom, Lemira finally emerged from under the covers; she was almost wearing nothing.
Her cheeks flushed as she glanced around, noticing her dress thrown on the floor. Lemira shuffled to the edge of the bed to retrieve her dress, only to find it stained with red wine and carrying an unpleasant scent from the night before. This dress was a no-go. What now, was she supposed to streak around?
The bathroom door opened.
Orion, donning a robe, stepped out and saw Lemira by the bed, attempting to pick up her dress.
He approached, "Don't bother with that dress. Later they'll send over something new."
As Lemira heard his voice, her face turned beet red, and she dove under the covers.
She covered her face, too embarrassed to look at him.
Orion walked over to the bed, finding her shyness somewhat amusing, "Feeling alright? Anything hurts, I can call the doc back."
"No need!"
Lemira quickly refused the offer of calling a doctor. She sat up, meeting Orion's gaze, feeling awkward.
She looked down, "I'm fine now." The effects had worn off.
Orion touched her forehead, "Yeah, you're not hot anymore."
Lemira instinctively dodged his hand, stuttering, "I-I told you I'm fine."
you
The next second, he flicked her forehead with a bit of force. Frowned, he said, "Didn't I tell not to go drinking at those bars? Don't you ever learn?" 
If he hadn't been there last night, who knew what could have happened to Lemira.
Recalling the previous night's ordeal, Lemira felt a chill. Her voice carried a hint of frost, "Now Evelina's
hanging out with those wealthy kids,
I can't believe they dared to go that
fart 
en FindNovel
She had been too careless.
Orion's voice hardened, "How do you want to punish them?"
"It's not easy, those wealthy kids are from Business School of Orvin University, not exactly the kind of backgrounds normal people want to mess with."
But she wasn't about to let it slide.
Hearing her, Orion felt a pang of protectiveness, "Just say the word."
If she asked, he'd personally take care of it for her!
"It's really not necessary. I don't want you getting into trouble."
The kids from the Business School had significant connections, not something she could take on alone. She didn't want Orion to get dragged into trouble too. 
Orion, seeing her thoughtful side, reassured her, "You don't have to worry about that, it's not for you to think about."
"Orion, I know you want to stand up for me, but I've got a plan."
Lemira looked up at him earnestly, "I'm just glad it was you I ran into last night."
She had other matters to attend to now. She remembered Orion responded her confession last night.
Orion met her gaze, a hint of avoidance in his eyes.
Just then, someone knocked on the door. Orion quickly turned, "Let's get something to eat first."
The man walked over to the door and opened it, revealing a woman standing outside.
"Orie, I need to talk to you, it's about my sister."
Sophia Sinclair stood at the doorway, a bit nervous as she tried to peer into the room, but Orion moved subtly to block her view.
###Chapter 251
Sophia's heart sank the moment she saw how guarded he was.
Just last night, Susanna had told her that she saw Orion carrying a girl out of a bar, but she hadn't believed it.
Finding out that Orion was staying at a hotel, she had rushed over. And now, the truth was undeniable!
Sophia knew it was her own wishful thinking, trying to please Orion's mother and spreading rumors of an engagement with Orion, all for a chance to be with him. But deep down, she was well aware of Orion's indifference towards her.
Orion gave Sophia a cold look, not uttering a single word. Too intimidated to approach further or dare to barge into his room.
At that moment, a waiter pushed a cart over. Orion took over the cart, glancing at Sophia, "Excuse me."
Sophia instinctively stepped back, her heart not ready to give up, "Orie, I just..."
Orion shut the door without saying a word, from start to finish. He pushed the cart to where Lemira was.
Lemira glanced at the door, "Who were you talking to just now?"
It sounded like a woman's voice.
Orion's voice was even, "Room service."
He handed Lemira a bag of clothes, "Get changed first."
Lemira took the bag, but realized she was stark n***. How was she supposed to change?
Orion turned around, "Go on, I won't look."
Blushing, Lemira grabbed the bag, noticing even the underwear was prepared. She quickly changed and coughed, "I'm done."
Orion turned back, pushing the breakfast cart towards her, "Eat something first."
Lemira glanced at the breakfast, realizing she was actually hungry. Sitting on the bed, she began to eat, sneaking a glance at him, "Aren't you going to eat?" Just then, Orion's phone rang.
"I need to take this call."
He stepped out to the balcony, his voice turning callous, "Speak."
"How did things go with Lemon last night?"
Orion looked a bit stiff, "Don't ask what you shouldn't, curiosity killed the cat!"
"Come on, don't tell me you actually slept with Lemon, what now?"
"No, I wouldn't touch her."
"Good that you're still sensible. She can't be with you, be aware."
Orion glanced back at the figure eating at the table, his gaze softening evidently.
His voice tinged with bitterness, "I know."
He was more aware of this than anyone else. Yet, he felt trapped between a rock and a hard place.
Orion changed the subject, "How's the investigation from last night?"
"It's connected to the Sinclair family. Evelina is attending the Business School, same class as Sophia's sister. She deliberately stirred
trouble making Lemon offen net
Susanna, leading to last night's bar incident." 
Orion thought about Sophia showing up at the hotel. He spoke, his voice deepened, "Did you take care of Susanna's bodyguards? Make sure they keep quiet."
"You don't have to mention it. That's already handled, but the Sinclairs might know you're seeing someone else since Susanna saw you teaving with Lemon in your arms." 
Orion massaged his temples, "We can't let her existence be known; it's not good for her!"
He knew Lemira wanted to break free from the Langston family todive her own life. If their relationship was exposed, she'd face endless
troubles. He didn't want to ruin her life 
"That's manageable. But about Lemon being set up, what do you plan to do? If we hadn't been there last night, things could've turned ugly."
"Didn't you say Susanna was a bully in school, even causing some serious trouble? Leak the worst incident, let the Sinclairs discipline their daughter!" Orion knew Lemira didn't want him to intervene. But that didn't mean he would do nothing!
###Chapter 252
Orion hung up the phone and immediately texted his secretary, "Clear the hotel!"
He didn't want anyone to catch a glimpse of Lemira when they stepped out. He was determined to protect her!
After hanging up, Orion returned to the room to find Lemira almost done with her meal.
She glanced up at Orion with a flicker in her eyes. What should she say at a moment like this?
Orion checked the time, "Got any classes today?"
Lemira thought for a moment, "In the afternoon."
"If you're feeling off, you could skip."
"No need to skip, I'm pretty much okay now. Classes aren't exhausting, just sitting in a lecture hall."
Lemira mainly felt awkward, unsure how to face him or what to do about their current situation!
Noticing Lemira's discomfort, Orion spoke with a hint of amusement, "That scared of hanging out with me, huh?" Lemira's breath hitched, "Who said that, I-I just don't want to skip classes."
"College isn't complete without skipping a class or two."
Seeing her strained effort to keep up appearances, Orion finally dropped the teasing, "I'll drive you to campus."
Lemira watched his retreating back and finally breathed a sigh of relief.
After quickly freshening up, she followed Orion out of the hotel. But glancing around, she noticed the hotel seemed upscale yet to have no people around. Orion caught her gaze, "What is it?"
"Is this hotel not doing well? It looks so fancy, but I haven't seen a single guest."
A flicker of surprise passed through Orion's eyes, "Maybe, it's just a quiet time."
Together, they made their way to the underground parking lot. Orion took the wheel himself, with Lemira in the passenger seat.
However, she somehow struggled with her seat belt. Orion leaned over to adjust it for her.
Lemira looked up to find Orion so close, their proximity startling.
With this scene unfold, images flashed across her mind, making her wonder if something similar had happened before. She felt it was eerily familiar!
Orion caught Limera's gaze, his heartbeat uncontrollably quickening. He averted his gaze, quickly secured her seat belt, and straightened up.
As the car started, Lemira sneakily glanced at him. The moment of him fixing her seat belt still felt oddly familiar. Had she dreamed it? The drive was mostly silent.
When they stopped outside campus, Lemira hesitated, "When are you heading back to Lyria?"
"I'll be here for a few days."
"Alright, then I'll head to class. Let's grab dinner before you leave, as a thank you for rescuing me!"
Lemira looked at him, hoping he wouldn't decline or make up excuses.
Orion found it hard to meet her gaze. He replied blandly, "Sure, if you run into any trouble at school, let me know."
Susanna would likely stir up trouble for Lemira at school again.
"I can handle school stuff on my own, see you in a few days."
Lemira opened the car door and walked toward campus. Orion watched her go, frustratedly adjusting his collar as he talked to himself, "Lemira, what am I going to do with you?" 
Lemira went straight to her classroom to get ready for her
lesson As she entered, the
previously noisy room fell silent, with many casting odd looks at her. 
Lemira sat down in the front row, alone. Soon, her phone buzzed with a message from Janice. [You didn't come back last night, and now there's a nasty rumor about you. Be careful!] 
Attached was a photo of her getting out of Orion's car.
###Chapter 253
Lemira couldn't help but find it amusing when she saw the photo.
She glanced at the watermark - it was from the school's online forum. Curious, Lemira logged onto the forum and sure enough, there was a post about her.
"Freshman pretends to hate the rich but secretly hooks up with wealthy older men and doesn't come home at night!"
Tsk, Lemira scanned the content. It claimed she looked down on the wealthy Business School kids ostensibly but was cozying up to rich folks in bars, throwing herself at them, and then not returning home at night! One comment wrote, adding fuel to the fire, "I went to high school with Lemira, and she's always been like this. But because of her good grades, the teachers let it slide. I can't believe she's still at it in college." "Yeah, I heard she was messing around with the school doctor in high school. Now that she's at Orvin, surrounded by even richer people, she's obviously ditched the school doctor for some wealthy old guys."
"I saw with my own eyes Lemira getting out of some old guy's car this morning. The guy was so old and ugly, but it seems she'd do anything for money!"
Reading those comments, Lemira could guess who these so-called high school classmates might be. This had Evelina's fingerprints all over it.
So, slandering people online seemed fun to them, while finding these trolls wouldn't be too hard for her!
With a b***, the door slammed open. Lemira looked up to see Susanna and Evelina, flanked by a few of their male lackeys.
The students fell silent as the Business School crew walked in, fearing they might get targeted by those rich people. Ordinary folks simply couldn't mess with them!
When Susanna saw Lemira, she gritted her teeth sinisterly, "Lemira, quite the hider, aren't you? Didn't expect you to slip away last night."
After Orion had left the previous evening, Susanna had tried to find Lemira. But by then, Lemira had vanished, and even Susanna's bodyguards were nowhere to be found. Susanna later learned her bodyguards had been taken a good beating by Orion for bothering him while looking for Lemira, and all of them had been sent away.
Her family had gotten wind of this, and her father had scolded her that morning.
Susanna seethed with fury, and as spotting Lemira, she could barely control her urge to eliminate her.
Lemira, resting one hand on the
desk, was the picture of calm, "I didn't like your party last night, so I left early. Were you planning on restricting my freedom? That's illegal, you know?" FindNovel
"So what if it's illegal? The law's not going to side with a nobody like you!" Susanna was arrogant, used to getting her way from a young age.
Evelina interjected Susanna, "Lemira, you've got Ms. Sinclair all wrong.We were just worried about you leaving early. We heard you didn't come home last night. Where were you, exactly?" 
"What's it related to you about where I went?"
Susanna scoffed, "Heard you got out of some old man's car today. Thought you looked down on us rich folks? Seems like you spread your legs fast when you see money." "Well, not as fast as your mouth runs!" Lemira's comeback was just as sharp, leaving no room for a comeback.
Susanna was momentarily stunned, likely not expecting such a bold retort from Lemira. Angered and embarrassed, Susanna raised her hand to strike, "You s***!" But Lemira caught Susanna's hand effortlessly, "Who are you calling a s***?"
Lemira's eyes were intimidating, her aura aggressive. Evelina quickly stepped in to pull Lemira's hand away, somewhat scared by Lemira's fierce demeanor, something she hadn't seen before. FindNovel
Feeling humiliated, Susanna turned to her lackeys, "What are you waiting for? Drag Lemira out of the class. I need to have a word with her."
###Chapter 254
A few boys made a beeline for Lemira.
"What are you doing?"
Just then, the teacher walked in, "Class is starting, everyone back to your seats."
Susanna was visibly irked but didn't dare cause a scene in front of the teacher, fearing the repercussions would reach her home and she'd get an earful.
Instead, Susanna opted to sit right behind Lemira, threatened in a subdued voice, "Just wait till class is over, you're done for."
Evelina, seated next to Susanna, stared at Lemira's back, her eyes brimming with spite.
Finally, a chance to humiliate Lemira. She'd like to see how she wiggled her way out of this one!
As the teacher began the lecture, the rest of the students dutifully flipped open their textbooks. Lemira, however, pulled out her phone, intent on coding a little app to get back at her detractors online. She wasn't someone who could be easily targeted without consequence. Susanna, with her eagle eyes, caught Lemira in the act and promptly told the teacher, "Lemira didn't even bring her textbook, and she's playing on her phone!"
Lemira stashed her phone away.
Seeing Lemira's desk devoid of the required textbook, the teacher was displeased, "Do you have an issue with my class?"
"No, I just forgot it this time, sorry," Lemira apologized directly without a fight.
Evelina saw an opportunity and chimed in, "Lemira, you've always acted as if the rules don't apply to you because you're smart, but bringing your textbook is a basic form of respect for the teacher."
Susanna sneered, "Attending class without your textbook, you're so confident in yourself, huh? If we all followed your example, it'd ruin the positive culture we have here at school!"
The teacher reckoned it was
unacceptable, "Since you're so confident, Lemira, why don't you solve the problem I just put up? It might be a bit tough for you, but I'd like to hear your thoughts." 
Lemira glanced at the problem displayed on the screen. She stood up, walked to the front, and started to outline her solution on the board.
Susanna couldn't help but mock, "Tsk, quite bold of you. You think you can solve such a difficult problem on your first day?"
Susanna, accustomed to a
privileged education, immediately recognized that the problem wasn't meant for a newbie. It involved
coding, something a freshman wouldn't have learned yet. 
Evelina echoed, "Lemira, there's no shame in admitting you don't know. Don't push yourself, it's not that embarrassing."
Lemira, one hand in her pocket, ignored the constant nagging from the duo. She remained calm, her handwriting on the board clear and strong.
The teacher initially thought Lemira was being overly arrogant by actually attempting to solve the problem.
But when the solution was laid out, the teacher's expression changed significantly. How could this be?
The problem was intended for the final exam, and here was Lemira just starting her first class, solving it unexpectedly and the answer was correct. It was utterly unbelievable. 
After finishing, Lemira placed the chalk down, "I'm done."
Susanna gloated, "Did she just scribble down any random code?"
The teacher shook her head, "Lemira's solution is correct. This was actually a question from our finals."
Was Lemira really that brilliant? To think she knew the answer without even starting the course.
Holding resentment, Evelina uttered, "Lemira, sure you have a great memory, able to remember the answer just at a glimpse, but that doesn't mean you can cheat."
How could Lemira possibly know the answer? She must have memorized it beforehand.
###Chapter 255
Facing Evelina's skepticism, Lemira was hardly surprised. She coolly shot back, "You're as dumb as a doorpost, and you think you've got the right to question me?" "Don't try to change the subject, Lemira."
Evelina's face turned beet red with anger, "You couldn't even answer the question. You must've sneakily googled it on your phone just so you could jot it down. Doesn't make you a genius!" Susanna had been shocked too, half-believing Lemira was that smart. Turned out, it was all an act.
Evelina acted with an air of moral superiority, "Lemira, I'm calling you out for your own good in case you'd make further mistakes. It's wrong to lie, after all."
Lemira burst into laughter, "Dumbass. Do you think everyone's as dim as you? Someone who got zero in tests has no business lecturing me."
Evelina's face turned even redder, feeling the mocking glances of everyone around.
Susanna also looked disdainful, but didn't want Lemira to get too cocky and retorted, "Our Business School doesn't just focus on grades, something a bumpkin like you would never understand." "For some blockhead like you, calling others cheaters when you can't do a thing? Isn't that funny?"
Susanna stood up abruptly, "Calling me blockhead? I've had a top-tier education all my life, something you'd only see on TV. You must be so jealous deep down!"
Lemira tugged her lips, "If you're so brilliant, why don't you solve the problem?"
"Solving this problem is too easy. We learn coding, you know. If you really know this, writing a small program shouldn't be hard, right?"
The amusement in Lemira's eyes deepened, "You want to bet on it?"
"Yes, if you can really write a program, it'll prove you can solve that problem! But if you lose, you'll kneel and apologize to the teachers and students for lying!" Lemira saw Susanna's smug look. She said calmly, "And what if you lose?"
"I won't lose!"
Susanna was confident, because she already had taken these courses before.
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "Afraid to bet? Scared of losing?"
"Who says I'm scared? You're on!"
"Fine, if you lose, you'll kneel and apologize for slandering me!"
Lemira was bold! Everyone present, including the teacher, doubted Lemira's move against Ms. Sinclair was wise.
"Sadly, Lemira, you're bound to lose."
Confident, Susanna approached the podium, "Let's start with the school's forum then, write some redirect code." She used the teacher's computer to open the school forum.
But the top post was about Lemira being
Susanall night, craving wealth
Susanna deliberately let everyone see this, aiming to ruin Lemira! 
QUMS
In no time, Susanna had the code ready, opening the post and a photo of Lemira getting out of a luxury car.
Now, everyone was discussing Lemira's night out.
Susanna gloated, "Lemira, care to explain why you were out all night, getting out of a luxury car?"
"Was it her first time in such a car yesterday?"
"And the designer clothes she's wearing today, did she earn them after sleeping with those men?"
Susanna's lackeys started jeering,
mocking Lemira. Lemira's
expression was impassive,
"Spreading filthy rumors, that's
legally actionable. Just a luxury car; it's not like I can't afford it!"
She was doing quite well for herself. Besides her income from streaming, she had a salary from Maple Group and project bonuses.
Susanna laughed loudly, "Oh, come on, Lemira, you're just a hick, stop bragging here."
"Lemira, do you even know how much that car costs? You've probably never seen that much money in your life!"
"Hicks will be hicks, bragging without a clue!"
Susanna kept laughing as she urged,
"Your turn, Lemira. If you can't do it, just apologize in advance. I might consider letting you off." 
###Chapter 256
"You're the loser here."
Lemira sauntered over to the computer, her slender fingers dancing across the keyboard.
She quickly whipped up a piece of code and injected it into the forum post, which started to rapidly collect comments based on certain keywords.
"All those who participated in spreading rumors, their phones will be locked for the rest of their lives. They won't be able to unlock them unless they post an apology," Lemira stated coolly, her tone dripping with arrogance. Susanna scoffed, "Lemira, you're way too full of yourself. You think your little piece of code can do that?"
"Damn, why did my phone just go dead?"
"Mine too, I'm stuck on this post and can only publish one thing. Everything else is frozen."
Susanna, skeptical, took out her phone only to find it unresponsive. Fuming, she confronted Lemira, "What did you do? Unlock my phone now! By what right do you lock my phone?" Lemira let out a chuckle, "So, does this mean I win our bet?"
The expression on Susanna's face froze. She realized Lemira had actually pulled it off.
The atmosphere in the classroom shifted dramatically.
Lemira, resting her hand casually on the podium, fixed her gaze on Susanna, "So, what's it gonna be first? Kneeling or apologizing?"
Susanna took a step back, "Why should I kneel or apologize to you?"
"So you're backing out of the bet?"
Susanna was left speechless. Evelina stepped in, "Lemira, you might not have lost, but Ms. Sinclair didn't lose either. She manage to write the code too, so it's a tie!"
"Yes, it's a tie!"
Susanna was not about to kneel or apologize.
Lemira snorted, "Sounds like a sore loser to me."
Evelina continued, "Lemira, we're all classmates here. There's no need to be so confrontational. Ms. Sinclair calling you out was only natural since it's the first day of class. Who would've believed you knew so much?" Lemira clapped, "Bravo, Ms. Sinclair, your lapdog sure can talk."
Evelina's face soured at the insult.
Susanna raised an eyebrow, "Jealous much? Cut the crap and unlock everyone's phones!"
"Like I said, unlocking the phone is simple, just post an apology, and once it's approved, the phone will unlock."
There was a tinge of impassiveness in Lemira's expression.
No way Susanna would apologize. She turned to the teacher, "You've seen what Lemira's done. It's too much. Please delete her program." "Sure."
The teacher glanced at Lemira, "You clearly have talent, but it needs to be used for good."
Lemira's smile was enigmatic. Her code wasn't that easy to crack!
As the teacher attempted to dismantle Lemira's program, it
y
ecome apparent that
matter what she tried, she couldn't break through. 
The teacher's complexion changed a look of surprise and then seriousness crossing her face apon realizing the futility of her efforts on cracking Lemira's code. 
Susanna grew anxious, "Why aren't our phones unlocked yet?"
The teacher, visibly embarrassed, admitted, "I...I can't unlock it!"
"What? You can't unlock it either? How is that possible?"
Susanna was in disbelief. How could Lemira be this skilled?
The teacher adjusted her glasses, realizing she had underestimated Lemira. She knew she was capable, but not to this extent!
Evelina's phone was locked too, with important stuff still on it, but she refused to apologize publicly.
Standing up, she accused Lemira, "Do you realize what you're doing is illegal?"
Lemira spun a piece of chalk in her hand, a sly smile on her lips, "And so is slandering me."
Talking about the law, huh?
Just then, a few police officers
walked into the classroom.
Susanna's eyes lit up, "Perfect timing. Lemira's over here. Take her away!" 
###Chapter 257
When Lemira noticed the cops striding in, a flicker of surprise crossed her eyes. Could Susanna have called them?
Evelina, catching the scene, couldn't hide her smug smile, "Officer, Lemira's violating the law and discipline is because she just got a bit confused, ending up locking everyone's phones. I hope she realizes her mistake soon and gets back on the right track!" "Exactly! Lemira deliberately messed with the school's online forum and locked all those phones. Just because she got caught being a material girl, she thinks she can silence us!"
Susanna was in high spirits, "Lemira, seems like I don't have to deal with you after class. Others will take care of you. Enjoy getting expelled!"
She had only to whisper a word to the principal, and Lemira, the country bumpkin without a strong backing, would surely get expelled. Lemira, gazing at the police officers with a calm demeanor, thought it might be time to hire a lawyer. She was ready to fight this till the end. However, the officers turned their attention to Susanna, "Ms. Sinclair, we're actually here for you."
"For me? What for? You should be arresting Lemira!"
Susanna was visibly upset. What was this all about?
"Ms. Sinclair, please come with us."
"I haven't done anything illegal. Why should I go with you?"
"Ms. Sinclair, according to our investigation, during your high school years, you're suspected of bullying a classmate, forcing that person to commit suicide by jumping off the building. We've found new evidence and need you to come in for questioning." As Susanna heard this, her face turned ghostly pale. She stumbled backwards in fright, "But wasn't that case closed?"
Her family had smoothed things over a long time ago!
"Ms. Sinclair, you're under arrest. You have to come with us."
"Don't come any closer, let go! Do you know who I am? My brother-in-law is the power Everhart heir. You'll all get paid by then!"
Nevertheless, Susanna was taken away.
People in the classroom exchanged mutual glances, nobody expecting such a twist.
Lemira hadn't anticipated Susanna's arrest either, but the charges seemed in line with Susanna's usual behavior.
At the sight of Susanna led away, Evelina's mood lifted instantly. Served her right!
She quickly adopted a righteous stance, "Lemira, now that Ms. Sinclair is gone, you should unlock our phones, right?"
"So, you were one of them spreading the rumors against me as well."
Lemira's expression was mocking.
Evelina felt a bit guilty, "I was just trying to explain for you, but what you did was still wrong! Don't you think, Miss?"
The teacher felt a headache coming on.
This was clearly a maneuver by the Business School against Lemira. But who would have thought Lemira would stand her ground so firmly!
Not only was her stance firm, but
Bet
her skills were also formidable! The teacher couldn't even crack the code Lemira had written, showcasing her rare genius. 
Either side was a tough nut to crack.
The teacher cleared her throat, "I'll discuss this matter with the supervisor and see how to proceed."
Evelina was getting anxious, "This is a minor issue. Do we really need to discuss it for so long? We can'tzuse our phones, and it's quite bothersome." 
The teacher looked over, "But whether the contents of that post are true is still unclear, so we can't jump to conclusions."
If Lemira was truly this talented, she had numerous ways to make money and didn't need to resort to gold-digging!
Considering the notorious reputation of the Business School students, the teacher felt Lemira was likely being slandered.
Having finally found a promising
student, it would be a shame to lose her now. The teacher turned to Lemira, ker tone softened, "Lemira, I'll report this situation to the school and see how we can resolve it. The school won't wrong an innocent person." 
"Thank you."
Lemira was genuinely surprised the teacher ended up defending her. After the teacher packed up and left, the classroom erupted into chaos.
"What now? Is anyone going to unlock our phones?"
Lemira, standing at the podium, glanced over her classmates, "Unlocking is easy. I've already told you how."
###Chapter 258
She walked to her seat to grab her bag and leave. Evelyn approached, "Lemira, given our relationship, can you unlock my phone for me?" "What relationship do we have?" Lemira flickered a cold, mocking glare at Evelina.
Without another word to the fake angel, she walked out of the classroom. They loved stirring up gossip; why shouldn't they get a taste of their own medicine? After all, spreading rumors these days seemed as easy as pie, but just as deadly.
Back in her dorm, Lemira felt a bit tired and was just thinking about taking a shower to relax when the door was practically slammed open. Clara stormed in, visibly furious, "Lemira, this has gone too far. You've locked everyone's phones. What are they supposed to do now?"
Lemira noticed a crowd gathering outside, presumably all victims of the phone lock. Her expression visibly annoyed and impatient, "Are you deaf? I've already offered the solution, a public apology will set their phones free."
"But we did nothing wrong! Why should anyone apologize?" Clara was clearly not ready to back down.
"Then get lost!" Lemira was in no mood to argue with these hypocrites.
"No. You must unlock our phones, Lemira. You're out of the line!"
"That's right. What gives you the right to? We have freedom of speech!"
"Yeah, you don't have balls to admit what you've done?"
Lemira laughed in exasperation, "We are all girls. Have you ever thought about you being treated the same when you spread those rumors? Just a post or a photo, and someone's branded for life. Today I'm able to add a mini program, I might have my ways to hit back, but what about when the tables are turned? How would you explain or clear your name? Have you thought about the consequences?"
The room fell silent at Lemira's powerful voice.
Janice spoke up, "Exactly, think about it, girls. Lemira's been singled out by the Business School, and we can't just believe everything we read online. We should be supporting each other, not putting another woman through hell."
After the words, some girls started
leaving, and the rest dispersed slowly, but Clara was not ready to give up, Janice, how could you side with Lemira? Wait till Ms. Sinclair
hears about it. You're done for!"
Lemira gazed at Clara callously, "With all the lawsuits piling up against her, Ms. Sinclair has bigger fish to fry."
"But she's Ms. Sinclair! How could anything happen to her?"
Seeing Lemira's cold, formidable state and lacking support, Clara had no choice but to retreat to her place, not daring to confront Lemira.
Looking at her black-screen phone, she almost cried in exasperation.
Janice pulled out her phone, "If you need to make a call, you can use mine."
"Like I'd want anything from a traitor!"
Clara was on the verge of tears, furious. Utter hatred bubbled up inside her, belittling Lemira as a bumpkin who wasn't qualified to share a same room with her.
Lemira, getting to her bed after the
shower, took out her laptop and tried to hack into the bar's security system from the previous night, looking for any footage. Finding out there were no cameras on the third floor, and merely cameras on the first and second floor. 
Lemira could only find the relevant footage from the second floor, which was deleted; she copied the data. As far as she knew, repairing this footage meant dealing with some figure at the black market. 
However, after what happened last time, she hadn't contacted anyone at the market. Lemira lay on the bed; she needed time to think. With the event from the previous day, she felt exhausted. Lemira drifted off to sleep, only to be awakened by someone. She sat up, her gaze full of annoyance.
Janice, standing aside, said, "The supervisor is here. He wants to talk with you, probably about the forum post."
"You're done for, Lemira. Let's see if you'll be obedient when the supervisor asks you to unlock it," Clara mocked, hoping Lemira would get disciplined.
###Chapter 259
Lemira changed her clothes before heading down to the dorm lobby, where the supervisor was waiting for her.
The supervisor looked at Lemira, "Do you know why I'm here?"
"For the rumor mill on the campus forum, right?"
"Exactly. The program you embedded locked many students' phones. They only have that one phone, and some parents couldn't reach them. They were about to call the police." Lemira remained unfazed, "Unlocking the phones is easy. They just don't want to apologize for the mess they've caused."
It wasn't her fault, after all!
"I get you wanted to address the forum issue, but your methods were a bit extreme. It's caused a significant disruption to the school. So, you'll need to unlock those phones first." "No way!"
Lemira's gaze was indifferent, "Their apology would resolve this. There's no need for me to step in. Besides, I can delete the app but not unlock their phones. That's how the program is set up!" "Lemira, are you really refusing to cooperate with the administration? Think about the consequences!"
The supervisor hadn't expected such a defiance from a freshman. Not only had Lemira clashed with the rich kids from the Business School, but she'd also taken such a drastic step to lock many of their phones! Initially, the administration didn't take the situation seriously, planning to just crack the mini program.
But after spending an entire afternoon trying, even the Computer Science department couldn't crack Lemira's code, let alone unlock the phones.
So, they had no choice but to confront Lemira, who unexpectedly wasn't budging.
Lemira was unperturbed, "I've thought it through. They spread false rumors. An apology isn't too much to ask, is it?"
The supervisor sighed, "Lemira, coming from an orphan background, even though you get admitted to this university as a top scorer, your financial situation shouldn't be super. It's unavoidable that others might become skeptical!" "That's a laugh. Just because someone posts a photo and starts rumors, why can't I retaliate? Because I'm an orphan, I must be poor and materialistic?"
Lemira's patience was wearing thin, and there was no way she'd disable the program.
Either they apologized or tossed their phones! Spreading rumors came with a price!
The supervisor was visibly irked, "Lemira, you're really not going to unlock their phones?" "Absolutely not!"
"Alright, I've said my piece. The school will decide on your case tomorrow. I hope you won't regret it."
"I won't regret it. But if the school's decision smells fishy, I'll get a lawyer. I won't back down."
Lemira stood her ground, knowing the school wanted her to cave, to make a big issue small, with her left holding the bag. Why should she?
Fuming, the supervisor left.
QUMS
Lemira went back to the dorm, while Janice whispered, "What did the supervisor say?"
"He wanted me to disable the program and unlock the phones, but I refused." Lemira's tone was tinged with frigidity.
Clara, hearing Lemira's response, kicked the table in frustration. She had hoped Lemira would be swayed by the supervisor, but Lemira was unyielding. 
Staring at her phone, Clara realized she'd have to apologize to use it again. The thought was more painful than killing herself! Lemira, however, was calm. Having been dead once, she wasn't scared. Why should she apologize for being wronged?
Yet, Lemira couldn't shake off something odd about Susanna being taken away today, but she couldn't put her finger on it.
Given Susanna's family ties, it wouldn't be surprising if the Sinclairs smoothed things over.
Lemira checked her phone for news about Susanna's bullying scandal leading to a student's suicide, - finding most reports scrubbed clean. Clearly, someone was pulling strings behind the scenes. 
###Chapter 260
But for Lemira, this wasn't exactly rocket science.
She went straight for the jugular and hacked into Susanna's phone. Sure enough, she found texts where Susanna was trash-talking her in their Business School group chat.
After a quick glance, Lemira scoured Susanna's phone and stumbled upon a password-protected file.
Upon cracking it open, she was greeted with a trove of photos and videos detailing the bullying of a girl.
Clicking on one of the videos, she watched the harrowing process of the girl being humiliated and verbally abused.
Lemira had only seen this level of bullying on TV shows before. She could hardly believe such malice existed in real life! Especially since the girl had taken her own life, and yet, the bullying didn't stop. A new target had been chosen instead. No wonder Susanna was so adept at rallying the whole class to ostracize Lemira. She was a seasoned pro!
Lemira copied all the photos and videos. She then took control of Susanna's phone and dumped all the evidence on Twitter, captioning it, "I'm the bully behind the suicide. Come at me if you dare!"
After that, Lemira logged off Susanna's phone and erased all traces of her digital footprint. Since Susanna was so arrogant, she could make things escalated.
Having set the stage, she went to bed. The next morning before getting up, Lemira checked Twitter only to find the post from Susanna's account had been deleted. However, the videos and photos had been saved and were still circulating online. It seemed the Sinclair family had acted swiftly, but the internet never forgets. Those photos and videos were out there forever.
With Susanna now in police custody, those videos and photos should come to the police's assistance in the investigation.
Heading to class as usual, Lemira noticed a lot of glances casting over as entering the classroom, but she remained unfazed, taking her usual spot at the front.
Soon after, she was summoned by the supervisor.
As Lemira left the room, students' whispers about the solution of this unfolding drama filled the air.
Clara, ever the schadenfreude enthusiast, speculated, "I bet Lemira will be disciplined, and maybe get expelled!"
Janice whispered, "Maybe not. What if the investigation proves the forum posts were unfounded?"
"How could they be unfounded? Lemira's someone whose parents died. How does she afford designer clothes? Clearly, her money's dirty!"
Clara was still irked despite her
phone being back in action. She couldn't stand the thought of apologizing to Lemira, wishing Lemira would get punished this time and unlock others' phones 
Upon reaching the principal's office, Lemira was greeted by the supervisor and the computer science teacher.
The supervisor's tone was
accusatory, "Lemira, if you claim the
forum posts are slander, then
explain this photo. Were you or were you not spending the night with him?" 
en FindNovel
Lemira took a glimpse; the photo in question showed her getting out of Orion's car.
With a cool response, Lemira clarified, "He and I are simply acquaintances. There's no sugar daddy situation like the posts suggest." "And how do you propose to prove that?"
"I'll vouch for her."
Lemira turned to see Lucian stepped in, yet she was far from pleased to see him.
Her annoyance was palpable, "What are you doing here?"
She was confident in her ability to handle the situation alone.
"Come on Lemmy. With all this chaos and you didn't think to tell
me? Of course, I had to be herenet
I
won't stand by while you're
lov
slandered!" 
Lucian was visibly upset as he addressed the supervisor, "I've already contacted a lawyer. We'll get to the bottom of the slander case."
The supervisor eyed Lucian, "And who might you be to Lemira?"
Judging from his attire, he looked someone wealthy. Maybe he was some man she met from her life outside school?
###Chapter 261
Lucian fixed his gaze on the supervisor, "I'm Lemira's brother, Lucian, her family!"
"What, you're her brother? But Lemira claimed she was an orphan with no living parents," the supervisor was clearly taken aback by this sudden revelation.
Lucian turned towards Lemira, a hint of helplessness in his tone, "Lemmy, do you really despise being linked to the Langstons that much?"
Lemira spoke directly to the supervisor, "It's true, my parents are no longer alive, and I have no other family."
She was adamant about not acknowledging her connection to the Langston family!
"I understand you're upset with us, but this isn't the time to throw a tantrum."
Lucian felt a bit headache, not expecting Lemira's firm stance.
He faced the supervisor, "This is my business card, and ID card. Lemira is indeed my sister. She's been at odds with the family, which is why she's denying our relationship. But she does have family!" As the supervisor inspected Lucian's credentials, which confirmed their shared last name and address, his expression shifted uncomfortably, realizing Lemira indeed came from a well-off family background. Lemira's brother was a CEO. The rumors about her being kept must be false, then.
The teacher chimed in, "Seems like Ms. Langston is just rebelling by running away from home."
The supervisor's expression was an interesting sight to see. He realized his earlier comments had backfired.
He quickly stated, "We were unaware of Lemira's family situation and may have misunderstood her actions. Still, locking her classmates' phones with that mini program added was her fault."
"But those students were spreading false rumors about my sister. If they have a problem with that, they're welcome to discuss it with my lawyer. I won't hesitate to take legal action against each of them!" Lucian's stance was unwavering. No one messed with his sister!
The supervisor, now at a loss, turned to the principal, "How should we proceed with this?"
Now that it was clear Lemira wasn't a struggling orphan but a wealthy heiress, the situation was tricky.
1.n
The principal then addressed Lucian, "But Lemira has also clashed with students from the Business School As a businessman yourself, Mr. Langston, you must understand the implications if their parents learn of this." 
No one wanted to cross the Business School students' influential families.
Lucian snorted, "They started the rumors first. The Langstons won't back down."
"Who told you to meddle in this? This is my business!" Lemira gazed at Lucian, "Just go. I don't need you to handle my business!"
"Lemmy, you can be mad at me all you want after this is settled."
"I've cut ties with you Langstons. You have no right to intervene!"
Lemira resented any charity from the Langstons, refusing to be associated with them in any way.
Lucian offered a weary smile before turning back to the principal, his demeanor dominant, "We will pursue this matter to the end."
Lemira only felt irritated. Looking at the supervisor, she said, "Weren't you asking for an explanation about my relationship with that man and my financial situation? I hav@proof." 
She was a popular streamer and a key member of the Maple Group research team, financially independent.
The supervisor coughed, "Since your brother's here, we don't need any more proof."
"He's not my brother! I can prove my situation myself!"
Despite her protests, the supervisor dismissed her claims as mere tantrums from a wealthy Ms. Langston. How utterly frustrating!
At that moment, the principal
received a phone call, answering et
with utmost respect, "Yes,
vernet
understood. I know how to handle this situation now." 
###Chapter 262
After hanging up the phone, the principal took a glance at Lemira and said, "We've looked into it, and it turns out the stuff on the online forum was indeed false rumors, nothing to do with you." The supervisor chimed in, "What about those locked smartphones, then?"
That was the real issue at hand.
None of the professors from the Computer Science department could crack Lemira's mini program, feeling as if they'd been slapped in the face. They couldn't believe a freshman's code stumped them.
The principal coughed and said, "Since the post was spreading false rumors, not based in reality, then those who joined in on bashing Lemira indeed owe her an apology!"
Lemira was surprised by the principal's response. Was it over just like that?
Hearing the principal, the supervisor didn't know what else to say. Was this going too easy on Lemira for her actions?
At that moment, the teacher approached Lemira, "Lemira, what exactly did you hide in that program you wrote for the school forum? We spent all afternoon and evening trying to crack your code but to no avail!" This was her reason for being in the office. Pure curiosity!
Lemira glanced over, "It's quite simple. If you have a computer, I can show you."
The principal stood up, "Use my laptop. I'm curious too. A freshman managing to befuddle our computer science professors is unheard of."
Lemira walked over to the computer, her fingers dancing across the keyboard as she opened the school forum. She directly wrote a code and then began to dissect her mini program!
After her explanation, the teacher let out a wry smile, "So that was it. Your clever trick is something most wouldn't think of. Lemira, did your family ever get you extra tutoring?"
The principal turned to Lucian, "Mr. Langston, how did you raise this child? Our school has many top students, but we've only come across someone as gifted as Lemira until now." Lucian's face was a mix of emotions. He smiled bitterly, "I believe she taught herself all of this."
The family had never provided any special training for Lemira. If anything, they held her back!
Lemira stood up from the laptop. To her, this was all not difficult, for she had learned much of it in her past life.
The teacher was pleased, "Lemira,
for someone as gifted as you, the schooKoffers specialized training programs. Would you be
love
interested?" 
"She's not going!" Lucian quickly refused on her behalf, and then told Lemira gazing at her, "This special course should be at the Business School, meant for the elite"
But Lemira had conflicts with the Sinclair family. If she attended classes at the Business School, she might be bullied!
"Of course, it's up to Lemira herself."
Lemira calmly declined, "Indeed, I don't feeling like going."
The principal tried to persuade her, "If you're worried about your previous issues with the Business School, I can help sort them out."
"Really, it's fine. I appreciate your
kindness. Even without so-called et
elite education, I can still outshine
swnov
them!" Lemira's tone was serene yet bald. 
She had hoped to enjoy a low-key college life. But circumstances demanded otherwise!
After finishing her piece, she left the principal's office, certain that the issue was solved.
Lucian followed her, "Sis, can we talk?"
"Don't call me that. I'm not your sister!"
Lemira's eyes dripped with impatience. She hurried down the stairs, only to run into Evelina at the landing.
Evelina wore a smug look, "Lemira, did the principal discipline you? Told you to apologize early, but you wouldn't listen!"
"Lemmy didn't do anything wrong. Why should she apologize?" Lucian defended, coming down after her.
Evelina's face turned pale with shock. What was Lucian doing here?
###Chapter 263
Lemira stood her ground, letting out a cold smirk.
Evelina took a few steps back. She hadn't expected Lucian to be here as well!
What now? Lucian had heard everything she said!
Swallowing hard, Evelina explained, "Lucian, I was just looking out for Lemmy, you know? The stunt she pulled has ticked off a bunch of people at school. I said those words because I was just worried she might not be able to have a peaceful life at this school in the future. That's all I meant."
But Lucian wasn't buying it. He had caught the sneer in Evelina's voice as well as a tone that was clearly different.
His suspicious gaze on Evelina hardened as he began to wonder if she had always been this two-faced, and if that was why Lemira's relationship with their family had gradually soured.
Lucian turned to Lemira, "Sis, call me if you run into any problem. I've decided to move the business to Orvin, so I'm always around!"
All Lemira felt was irritation, "I only want one thing: for you to keep your distance!"
As she descended the staircase, she couldn't help but wonder why the Langston family always seemed to loom over her. How irritating! She didn't need Lucian's help.
After Lemira left, Lucian's unfathomable gaze lingered on Evelina, "Lemmy's going through a lot, and you didn't think to tell us?"
"...I was going to, but Lemira told me to stay out of it. I was just checking things out today before deciding whether to tell you."
Evelina couldn't even look Lucian in the eye, her guilt evident.
Lucian felt a pang of disappointment to Evelina, "Evelina, have you ever lied to us before?"
"Lucian, I've never lied to you, really, I swear!"
Evelina's eyes reddened in exasperation, a picture of wronged innocence.
If in the past, Lucian might have been softened and let this pass, but now he didn't feel anything. He began to doubt if Evelina was as sincere as she appeared, pondering if perhaps he had been deceived all these years. Once trust began to crumble, suspicion took root.
Lucian's voice was icy, "Just
remember what you said. Lemira will
always be Ms. Langston, my sister.
You only have what the Langston family chooses to give you. Don't get greedy." 
en FindNovel
Evelina was shattered at those words. All her efforts to ingratiate herself with the Langstons, what were they for?
But she bit her tongue, responding meekly, "Lucian, I've always known my place. I'm not a true Langston, how would I dare compete with Lemira?"
"Better think this way!" Lucian warned before leaving.
Evelina stood alone, her raised gaze dripping with malice the moment Lucian was out of sight.
She always knew she wasn't a true Langston To secure a good life, she had to fight for it. And she wouldn't
let Lemira get back to the langston family or steal everything from her! 
Back in the classroom, Lemira received two consecutive lessons.
Despite her return, multiple peeks followed her. Clara couldn't hide her glee, "Back so soon, Lemira? Did the school decide to expel you?"
The buzz was that Lemira had incited enough outrage to merit punishment.
Lemira replied, her expression enigmatic, "You're going to be disappointed."
Clara, sensing Lemira's confidence, had a sense of foreboding, "Keep pretending, Lemira. There's no way you're getting off scot-free." Just then, the supervisor entered the classroom.
Seizing the moment, Clara raised her
voice, "Mister, are you here to announce Lemira's punishment? After causing such a disruption, it's only fair she faces consequences!" 
BUMS
"Yeah, our phones have been a nightmare since that stunt. It's so inconvenient!"
The chorus of complaints echoed Clara's sentiment.
###Chapter 264
Clara instantly felt as if she had an army behind her, her confidence surging.
The supervisor stood on the podium, glancing over the classroom, "Regarding the issue on our campus forum, we have reached a conclusion." "Please, announce it. We can't wait any longer."
"After an investigation by the school: The rumor on the forum that Lemira has a sugar daddy is unfounded! The student who posted that message will be disciplined by the school!" Clara was incredulous, "That can't be right! Lemira, an orphan with no parents, how can she afford all these designer brands? There's definitely something fishy!"
"While it's true Lemira has lost her parents, she still has an elder brother, and we have verified this situation. Do you have any ions to the school's decision, Clara?"
Clara instantly backed down, "It just seems unbelievable! What about our locked phones?"
"Since the content of the forum post is false, indeed, you all owe Lemira an apology!"
After the supervisor finished speaking, the classroom erupted into chaos.
The supervisor gave Lemira a complex look, not expecting her to be so discreet, the rich Ms. Langston pretending to be an orphan. Most surprising was her talents! After announcing the verdict, the supervisor left, feeling somewhat embarrassed for having misunderstood Lemira himself.
Soon, the school issued a notice regarding the rumor-spreading incident on the campus forum. Clara was furious, thinking, "Lemira's getting off scot-free?" Lemira's mood was lifted for this outcome, reassured that justice still existed.
---
After class, Lemira headed straight to the team base. Aside from training, she had other matters to attend to!
When Lemira entered the base, everyone was already there, and her arrival caused a moment of silence.
After all, Lemira was now a celebrity at school! Single-handedly taking on the Business School and the whole institution!
Rumor had it that the school couldn't crack the code Lemira wrote, and those with locked
ones
could only post apologies to get their devices back on track 
Jackson looked at Lemira in surprise, "Why are you here?"
He thought Lemira, after stirring up such a storm, wouldn't dare to show her face.
"Shouldn't I be? After all, I'm a reserve member."
"Of course, you can, but I wouldn't recommend it right now. With the phone-locking incident, many are displeased with you!"
Lemira laughed coldly, saying, "So, they spread rumors, make mistakes, and shouldn't pay a price?"
What kind of logic was that?
"I didn't mean that. Since you're here
for training, that's fine. We're doing team-based, knockout style! The losing side might not continue as reserve members!" 
Jackson's words were clear, given Lemira had made many enemies.
Lemira agreed without hesitation, "Sure."
After visiting the restroom, she encountered Jackson.
"Lemira, don't take my earlier words to heart. The team is primarily sponsored by the Business School, and we can't offend our benefactors." Lemira's tone was calm, "I understand."
"I'm glad you do. Honestly, I think you're quite talented and capable But becoming an official member might be difficult, though not impossible. I'll advocate for you!" 
As Jackson spoke, he put his hand on Lemira's shoulder. Lemira quickly stepped away, eyeing him warily.
"Lemira, I actually like you quite a bit. How about being my girlfriend?"
Jackson started to make his move! Lemira slapped his hand away, "Back off, creep!"
"Lemira, don't throw away your chance. Believe me, I can make you fricking leave today with just one word!"
###Chapter 265
Lemira caught sight of Jackson fuming with anger, her lips curling into a cold smirk. "Scumbags are the same everywhere," she thought.
She looked scornful, "You? You're not even worth my time. Trash!"
After hurling her insult, Lemira headed back to the training grounds, only to find Clara and Janice there. She hadn't expected her roommates to show up at the team's base.
Upon seeing Lemira, Clara huffed, "You've got some nerve showing up here. A bunch of us in the club got our phones locked because of you. They're pissed!"
"Well, that just means they were all in on the rumor mill. Serves them right!"
Lemira didn't think she had done anything wrong.
Soon enough, Jackson emerged with a dark look on his face. Clara rushed over with concern, "Captain, what happened to your face?"
"It's nothing, just bumped into something."
Jackson's expression was awkward as he glanced at Lemira with displeasure. This s*** dared to lay a hand on him. He thought it was Lemira's good fortune that he had taken a liking to her. Noticing Jackson's gaze, Clara felt a pang of jealousy, suspecting he might have fallen for Lemira.
Jackson announced, "Now that we're all here, let's start forming teams."
Everyone quickly found a team, except for Lemira.
Jackson looked at her disdainfully, "You're on your own. You won't be able to continue training or pass the evaluation. I suggest you quit while you're ahead."
"The rules say you have to pass the evaluation. They don't say you can't do it alone!"
Lemira had already looked into the rules.
Jackson scoffed, "The final evaluation involves a battle with us, the official members. You stand no chance alone."
"How do you know if you don't try? Or are the official members just afraid of losing?"
"Lemira, don't think you can be so arrogant just because you've played some games before!"
Jackson didn't take Lemira seriously at all.
Lemira's lips curved into a cold smile, "If you're scared, just say it. Stop making excuses."
"How can I be scared? Since you're so confident, we'll take it then."
Jackson felt it was time to teach Lemira a lesson, otherwise a newbie would think she could be superior to him.
Clara mocked Lemira, "You might as well give up, Lemira. There's no way they'll let you pass the evaluation." Lemira ignored them. During the battle, Lemira faced her opponent and won effortlessly.
Jackson was irked by Lemira's arrogance and said, "Since you've got some skills, why don't you go against one of our official members?" 
"Sure." Lemira wasn't scared in the slightest.
ΟΛΟΙ
As she faced off against an official member, everyone crowded around the computers.
Clara threw in her two cents,
"Lemira, these are official members
you're up against. For you, an amateur, don't overestimate yourself and end up embarrassingly defeated." 
en FindNovel
"Shut up, busybody. Who asked for your opinion?" Lemira's tone was sharp and impatient.
After being scolded, Clara stomped her foot, "Just you wait, Lemira. You won't be smirking for long."
Almost everyone assumed Lemira was bound to lose. But once the battle started, Lemira knocked out her opponent with one move and won!
"I won!" Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk.
Before everyone around could realize, Lemira claimed her swift victory.
Jackson couldn't believe it, turning to his teammate, "What was that? Were you going easy on her?"
"I wasn't! Maybe I just underestimated her a bit."
Jackson refused to acknowledge Lemira's skill, believing his teammate had simply let his guard down.
He challenged Lemira, "Let's have another match!"
Lemira took off her headphones and stood up, "I won. That's the result."
Why should she comply and play again just because they said so?
Clara's words were laced with sarcasm, "What's the matter,
Lemira? That you're afraid of having another battle is because you lack confidence? That was just a fluke because he wasn't taking it seriously!" 
###Chapter 266
Jackson stepped up proactively, "I challenge you to a match! You got the guts?"
"You're on, but if you lose, you're going public with an apology for that harassment stunt you pulled outside the restroom earlier!" Lemira's cold eyes surprisingly held a hint of authority. Jackson's face took on an uncomfortable hue, "What are you on about? When did I ever harass you?"
Clara chimed in, "Exactly, Lemira, don't think just because you're easy on the eyes, you can slander people left and right!"
Lemira clicked her tongue twice, "Scared to take the bet then? Just say so!"
"Who's scared? I'm in. But if you lose, you're apologizing for locking everyone's phones, deal?"
Jackson was sure of his victory. A smile flashed across Lemira's eyes, "Deal."
She settled back into her seat and put her headphones on.
Most of the crowd was on Jackson's side, convinced Lemira was going to lose.
As the game started, Jackson grinned, "To keep things fair, I didn't pick my best character. Don't want any rumors I bullied you!" Lemira wasted no time, quickly defeating Jackson with a combo move! The match lasted a few seconds longer than their last.
The crowd was stunned, again. If the first loss was an oversight, what about this time?
Lemira had just beaten the team captain, arguably the strongest player!
"This can't be happening!" Jackson stared at Lemira in disbelief.
Lemira, half-smiling, suggested, "Try your best character, let's make this a convincing win."
Gritting his teeth, Jackson switched. He refused to believe he'd lose again!
At the start of the second match.
Lemira, observing Jackson's aggressive approach, coolly stated, "Close combat isn't for you. Your reflexes and strategy just can't keep up." Frustrated, Jackson retorted, "Cut the crap! You're not in any position to lecture me!"
Timing her move, Lemira ended the match with another quick combo.
Jackson, infuriated, smashed his keyboard, "This is impossible, there's got to be a glitch!" He couldn't accept Lemira defeated him, winning so effortlessly!
Lemira stood up, "This isn't your fault, I shouldn't be fishing in
beginner's pond. But I'm aimi eset
for
the national team selection, sorry everyone!" 
"Shut up, Lemira!" Jackson's pride was wounded; this was inconceivable!
Lemira, with a bland smile, reminded, "Time for your apology! A bet's a bet."
Jackson's face turned a myriad of colors, caught off guard by his defeat. He had no intention of apologizing!
Clara quickly interjected, "Lemira, don't push it. We're all classmates here after all!"
"But everyone heard the bet. Don't bet if you can't afford to lose!"
Jackson felt like his face cycling through shades of anger and embarrassment. Finally, through clenched teeth, Jackson muttered, "I'm sorry." 
Lemira, satisfied, simply smiled, "That's more like it. If there's a next time, apology won't be able to solve it easily."
Jackson's face was a picture of misery, silently cursing Lemira.
Yet, some of the girls exchanged
looks; Jackson's reputation for being handsy was well-known, but none expected a freshman to put him in
his place today. 
Then, a team member speculated, "Heard that Lemira's good with computers, maybe she used some hacks?"
Clara echoed, "Exactly, Lemira must've cheated. There's no way she could beat the captain otherwise."
The rest chimed in with the same thought. Everyone knew Lemira was a rookie. Beating a seasoned captain seemed far-fetched. Jackson seized the accusation, "Lemira, so you cheated!"
###Chapter 267
Lemira couldn't help but find it amusing.
Her eyes sparkled with satire, "You guys just can't handle the fact that others are better. Maybe head back and actually practice your skills instead of making excuses!" "Lemira, you must have cheated. I've never even seen you play games at school, and you don't even have a computer. How could you possibly be any good?" Clara thought she had Lemira cornered, brimming with confidence, "Since Lemira cheated, that last match doesn't count!"
Jackson suddenly felt bolstered, "Exactly, it doesn't count. Let's have a rematch!"
There was no way Lemira, a newbie, could beat him. Something was definitely off!
Lemira snorted, "No need for all that hassle. Whether I used cheats or not, you'll see on the day of the team evaluation." "Lemira, thinking of joining the evaluation after cheating?"
"But do you have any proof? I don't have time to waste here with you!"
Lemira's voice was dry, her gaze upon them as if they were trash.
Jackson retorted coldly, "Fine, we'll see at the evaluation this weekend. If you lose, you'll publicly kneel and apologize!"
"And if you lose, you'll do the same!"
Lemira lifted her eyelids, her attitude as defiant as could be.
Jackson agreed without hesitation, "Deal, but don't you regret it later!"
Even if Lemira had some skills, there was no way she could beat their entire team by herself! He looked forward to seeing Lemira crushed by the team, kneeling in apology after the loss! Lemira turned and left the team's base. If it wasn't for trying to get into the national team, she wouldn't bother staying in such a toxic environment!
"Wait, Lemira!"
Lemira turned around to see two girls catching up, "What's up?"
"Thanks for standing up for us back there. We all support you!"
Lemira guessed Jackson must have been a veteran bully, probably having harassed other girls before!
Lemira smiled, "It was nothing."
Since she encountered such a scumbag, she wouldn't let him off easily. With someone like Jackson as captain, who knew how many more girls he could harm.
After eating, she returned to her dorm to find Clara in front of her computer, practicing the game.
Janice was also online, clearly playing much better than newbie Clara.
After Clara's character died, she started blaming, "Janice, it's all your fault for not coming to save me."
Janice pushed her glasses up, "Sorry."
Lemira let out a scoff, which Clara heard and immediately stood up, "What's that supposed to mean, Lemira? You were mocking me, weren't you?"
"If that's what you think, then sure."
"Don't think you're so great just because you cheat. You might not even be as good as me. Jackson is professional, really good. Just wait till Saturday night's evaluation; you'll be the one kneeling and apologizing!" 
Clara was convinced Lemira must have cheated to be that good! Lemira responded coolly, "That Jackson is no good!"
"Lemira, you're just jealous because he pays more attention to me. That's why you say such things. You tried to hit on him and got rejected, now claiming harassment. I've seen girls like you before. A country bumpkin will always be a country bumpkin!" 
Seeing Clara so delusional, Lemira didn't bother to argue. Talking sense to a fool was futile!
After freshening up, Lemira lay on her bed, searching for developments on the Susanna bullying case. The trending topic was long gone, even searching for it was banned!
Hah, the Sinclair family must have
paid a fortune! But the victim's
family was still crying for justice
online, claiming the photos and videos exposed were dismissed by
the police as doctored and not admissible as evidence! 
Seeing this, Lemira hacked into Susanna's phone again, posting the same message on Twitter as before, "The scum at the bottom thinks they can sue me!"
She also set up a couple of virtual IPs abroad, spreading those videos and photos.
###Chapter 268
"The truth shouldn't be buried," and "Susanna should be jailed for driving a classmate to her end!"
The news about Susanna's bullying resurfaced as a hot topic.
After Lemira shared these messages online, it didn't take long for people to start tracking her IP address. She had anticipated this, and hence took precautions to remain untraceable. No way they were going to find her!
Since the Sinclair family was trying to erase videos and photos, attempting to control the public opinion, she was determined not to let them get their way. She would keep posting them online, making it impossible for the Sinclair family to clean up their mess! Lemira remembered how she was schemed against by Susanna and Evelina. Evelina was the only one left now.
She knew she couldn't restore the deleted videos by herself. But she had to get her hands on that video evidence!
After much hesitation, Lemira finally logged onto a software platform she hadn't touched in years.
She used to love surfing the Net for the dark market, learning things. The firewall system for Asher's group was developed through her exchanges with these online friends.
But Asher despised people from the dark market, so she never dared to tell him about her connections there.
She almost got caught by Asher once and never logged into the software again, severing all ties with the dark market.
But now, having cut ties with the Langstons, she didn't need to hold back. Lemira posted a bounty, "Looking for O's contact!"
O was someone she knew from before, a real whiz, but after so many years, she wasn't sure if they were still using the software.
She made her bounty public for O to see, hoping the old friend would lend a hand! News spread quickly in the market. At a private club.
Thaddeus walked up to Orion, showing him his phone, "Someone's looking for you!"
Seeing the poster's name "MM", Orion felt a sense of familiarity.
"O? That's an old alias. Why would someone still use that to find you? Could it be an old flame of yours, Orion?"
Orion pondered for a moment, "There was someone, young but incredibly talented, who liked to ask basic questions on the dark market."
"Yes, that kid who kept wanting you as the mentor but then suddenly disappeared and never showed up again."
Orion looked at the post. He was curious why MM had suddenly vanished and if this person had run into trouble.
Back then, he was young and taught the kid a lot. He worried MM might have taken a wrong turn.
Finally, Orion logged into the software and sent a private message. [Disappeared for so many years, you need me?]
Lemira was glued to her phone, anxious not to miss any messages. Upon hearing the notification, she immediately checked to finda response from him. . to FindNovel
Lemira was thrilled. [I need your help!]
[Let's hear it.]
Upon seeing this, Orion sensed the kid might be in trouble.
Lemira quickly responded. [I need help restoring a deleted surveillance video. I've saved the original data.]
[What's in the video?]
[Evidence of a friend being harmed. It could help send the culprit to jail!]
Orion looked at the message. [Send it over.]
Lemira promptly sent the surveillance video data! Orion brought over his laptop and opened the video Lemira sent, raising an eyebrow, "Isn't this the surveillance from the second floor of that bar?" 
"Yeah, you were looking into the surveillance before, but the Sinclair family had it deleted beforehand. figured I'd bring the data back and restore it, but then the data jus disappeared. Never thought I'd see it here. Who is this MM?"
Orion, staring at the video data on his computer, grew serious. This MM definitely knew Lemira! What was their relationship?
###Chapter 269
After Lemira sent over the data, she tentatively asked. [Can you fix it?]
[Yes, but this video involves criminal activity. I'll have to hand it over to you in person.]
Lemira thought for a moment and then readily agreed. [No problem. When can you have it ready?]
[By Saturday at the latest.]
[See you Saturday, then.]
Seeing the promise of repair, Lemira couldn't help but smile. Once she got her hands on that video, Evelina's days of bliss were over. She just couldn't let this slide!
On the other side, Orion was poring over the data on his computer, sensing something odd about the whole situation.
"Orion, you think MM could be Lemon?"
"Why do you say that?"
"I just heard about this freshman at Orvin University who got slandered with some nasty rumors. She locked the bullies' phones up so tight, not even the CompSci professors could crack her code. Cool, right?" Orion narrowed his eyes, "Don't tell me that was Lemira?"
"Exactly her! That's why I'm thinking she might be MM."
Orion hadn't realized Lemira was capable of such feats. But if she was indeed MM, it wasn't surprising given everything he had taught her.
He glanced at Thaddeus, "Let's get to work. We need to have that video fixed by Friday."
Whether MM was Lemira or not, he must fix this footage.
As Friday rolled around, Lemira got up and then left her dorm to meet O and retrieve the repaired video.
But as she approached the university gates, Lucian stopped her, thrusting a designer gift bag into her arms.
"Lemmy, I heard about the trouble Susanna caused you at the bar. If you're looking to take this further, I'll hire the best lawyer for you." "Are you sure?"
Lemira looked at Lucian with a half-smile, "And what if this involves Evelina too? Would your lawyer still pursue it?"
Lucian hesitated for a moment
before responding, "Lemmy, I've talked to Evelina. You're aware of Susanna's history with bullying, right? Evelina was in a tough spot too and couldn't help you then. But she would never harm you together with them!" 
Hearing Lucian's explanation, Lemira wasn't surprised in the least. She let out a laugh, though her eyes remained cold.
She tossed the gift bag to Lucian, "The Langstons always manage to disgust me!"
"I know you don't like Evelina, but the surveillance from that night was deleted There's no evidence linking Evelina to what happened, so we can't just accuse her without proof." 
"Looking for proof? You'll have it soon enough."
Lemira's gaze turned icy as she hopped into a cab and drove off, leaving Lucian with the gift bag on the ground and a bitter smile.
Caught between two sides, he couldn't outright accuse Evelina without evidence.
"Lucian, I overslept and missed your call, so I'm late. I know where Lemira's dorm is; I can take you to her, but she might not talk to you."
Evelina noticed the gift bag on the ground, "Did you already meet her? What did she say about the bar incident that night?"
Evelina actually felt a twinge of guilt. But with the Sinclair family having deleted the footage, as long as she denied everything, no one could pin anything on her.
Tugging at his tie, Lucian casually mentioned, "She said she found evidence from that night at the bar."
What? Evelina panicked. That wasn't possible. Hadn't the Sinclairs deleted the surveillance footage? They had made sure to cover all tracks.
Without further ado, Lucian turned
to leave. Evelina hurried after him, "Lucian, are you chasing Lemira? Let me come with you. I'm worried she might do something drastic. 
Lucian gave Evelina a long look before relenting, "Get in."
QUMS
Evelina's heart leapt. She needed to know what evidence Lemira had found to prepare her next move.
###Chapter 270
But she had a gut feeling that Lemira was lying through her teeth!
----
Lemira caught a ride to the agreed-upon coffee shop.
It was still early, and the streets were pretty quiet. Stepping into the coffee shop, Lemira spotted someone with a laptop. That must be O. O had mentioned he'd be the one with the laptop. Taking a deep breath, Lemira approached, but something about the silhouette struck a familiar chord.
As she took a seat, the familiar yet handsome features of the person across extremely startled her, "Orion, it's you?"
"What, surprised to see me? Didn't expect you were into finding mentors before!"
Orion had spotted Lemira the moment she walked in and was almost certain of her identity.
"But I never guessed you were O."
This truly caught her off guard.
Orion straightened up, "Since you're here early, why not grab something to eat?"
He ordered her some pancakes and coffee.
Lemira wasn't really in the mood for food, eyes glued to his laptop, "So, you managed to fix the surveillance footage?"
"Yeah, but eat up first. The footage isn't going anywhere, and neither is the culprit."
Only then did Lemira take a few bites of her pancake, "If I knew this, I should have come to you."
"Knowing this could be dangerous, why didn't you tell me?"
"I didn't want to drag you into this mess, especially since you're leaving soon. It'd only complicate your life!"
Lemira didn't want Orion to make enemies with the wealthy because of her.
Orion understood her concern but couldn't disclose his true identity just yet. He booted up his laptop, "The surveillance footage is right here."
Lemira glanced at the screen and saw it - the moment Evelina sprayed something at her! And there was Susanna, orchestrating the whole scene with her bodyguards capturing Lemira! Lemira cracked a smile, "Thanks a ton."
The evidence couldn't have come at a better time!
Just then, Lucian strode in, "Lemmy, why are you still in touch with this guy?"
Lucian was taken aback to find Lemira and the school doctor together, and even more so to see her smiling so brightly!
Evelina followed, feigning concern,
"Lemmy, Lucian only wants what's
best ro
There are plenty of
young talents in Orvin. Why settle for
a broke school doctor?"
Upon seeing Evelina, Lemira grabbed the pancake from the table and smashed it right into her face! Old scores and new grievances were settled in one go!
Evelina shrieked, "Lemira, what're you doing?"
Lemira's gaze was fierce, "Compared to what you sprayed at me in the bar, this pancake is nothing but gentle!"
"I have no idea what you're talking about. When did I spray you with anything?"
Evelina was cornered but would
never admit to her deeds. The
Sinclair family had already erased the surveillance footage, leaving Lemira with no evidence! 
However, Lucian pressed on, "Lemmy, you're saying Evelina sprayed you with something at the bar?"
"Yes, and you know what it was.
Susanna was there too, ordering her
let
bodyguards to grab me. Luckily, I encountered Orion. Otherwise, you'd be looking at someone who'd been r*** and filmed against her will!" 
QUMS
Lemira's eyes bloodshot as she glared at Evelina like she was prey.
Lucian turned to Evelina and questioned, "Why didn't you tell me any of this?"
"Lu-Lucian, I didn't do any of that. Lemira's making things up. She's always disliked me, wishing I'd be kicked out by the family!"
Evelina maintained her pitiful act, but with her face covered in pancake, she looked utterly ridiculous.
Lucian's face hardened, "I'm asking you one last time, is what Lemmy said true?"
"It's not true! Lemira is lying! She has no evidence!"
Evelina wiped the pancake off her face, completely in disarray, but she would never confess.
"Who says there's no evidence! I've recovered the deleted surveillance footage!"
Lemira turned the laptop around, playing the freshly recovered surveillance footage!
The moment Evelina saw the footage, she was in utter despair! It was all over! Absolutely over!
###Chapter 271
Lemira stood by the computer, her eyes icy as she watched Lucian.
She looked scornful, "Seen it clearly? This is the proof you wanted!"
For all these years, she had been schemed against and slandered by Evelina, never able to catch her red-handed.
It had happened so often it became like the story of the boy who cried wolf. Her brothers stopped believing her!
Lemira admitted, at this moment, she felt a rush of vengeful satisfaction.
After watching the surveillance footage, especially the part where Evelina was caught spraying something at Lemira, Lucian felt as if he'd been hit in the head.
He could barely stand, turning with difficulty to face Evelina. Struggling to find words, Lucian could hardly believe his eyes. How would Evelina dare?
His gaze was formidable, "Evelina, the evidence is right in front of you. What excuse could you possibly have now?"
He hadn't expected Evelina to actually harm Lemira!
Evelina turned pale with fear. She hadn't anticipated Lemira could recover the surveillance footage! It's impossible. How did Lemira manage it?
Now, how could she explain herself? Stammering, she replied, "L-Lucian, I-I was forced by Susanna."
"You still dare to lie!"
Lucian's slap landed hard on Evelina's face, "I gave you a chance earlier. Why didn't you speak up?"
It was only when Lemira produced the surveillance footage that Evelina confessed! It proved Evelina had been lying all along!
Evelina, reeling from the slap, was terrified by the look on Lucian's face. She couldn't afford to lose the trust of the Langston brothers!
Out of fear, Evelina knelt down, "I-I was just too scared. I can't stand against Susanna, I had to do as she said!"
"Evelina, I don't even know what's true and what's false coming from you now!"
Only then did Lucian realize Evelina's true nature. All those bad things Evelina had said about Lemira, were they all lies? Had Lemira been falsely accused and maligned by Evelina all along? 
en FindNovel
Thinking this broke Lucian's heart. What kind of life had his sister been living these years?
Evelina, desperate, pleaded from her knees, "Lucian, I was really forced. You know how Susanna is, even investigated for bullying a classmate to death. I was afraid she'd bully me!" "You're scared of Susanna bullying you, so you let Susanna do that to Lemmy instead?"
Lucian's question was almost
hysterical, "Evelina, since the day we brought you into the Langston family, have we ever treated you unfairly? Whatever Lemmy had you had too! Why would you do 
this?"
QUMS
They were supposed to be a family. Why would Evelina hurt Lemira?
Evelina, being brutally cussed out, clung to Lucian's legs, "I was forced this time, brother, you have to believe me!"
"Get away!"
Lucian kicked Evelina away, his voice filled with disgust, "Don't call me brother. You're not worthy!"
Watching this scene, Lemira couldn't help but clap her hands in delight. It's brilliant! She'd been waiting for this day for so long.
Lucian, looking at Lemira with extreme guilt, said, "Lemmy, I'm really so sorry. It's all my fault."
He truly realized his mistakes this time.
Seeing Lucian's remorse, Lemira felt only irony. Her voice was cold, "But I don't accept your apology."
"I know the harm you've suffered these years. I don't ask for forgiveness, just a chance to make it right."
Orion, unable to stand the spectacle, scoffed coldly, "Since Lemira left the Langston mansion, she's been living a life ten times better. Return to the Langston family and suffer? Wishful thinking!" 
###Chapter 272
"No, things will never be the same once she's back!"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk as she copied a video onto a flash drive and handed it to Lucian.
With an icy tone, she said, "Enjoy this at your leisure. I'm off to the police station now. Everyone who had a hand in hurting me that day won't get off easy!"
Exposing Evelina wasn't about reclaiming her place in the Langston family.
Holding the flash drive, Lucian felt as if it weighed a ton. Beside him, Evelina fell to her knees in front of Lemira, her voice meek, "Lemira, for the sake of us growing up together, please forgive me this once! It was Susanna who forced me!" "Do I look like a fool to you? Since when does an apology wipe the slate clean?"
Lemira looked down on Evelina, a rare sight of the fake angel on her knees. In her past life, right before she was cast out, she too had knelt and begged.
"W-What do you want me to do then? I'll do anything to ease your anger!"
Lemira bent down, pinching Evelina's chin, her voice chilly, "I just want to go to the police. Get ready for jail time!"
She was determined to see Evelina locked up, no matter how many months it took. After shoving Evelina aside, Lemira left the café!
Evelina turned to Lucian in a panic, noticing the flash drive in his hand, "Lucian, I know I messed up, can you forgive me just this once?" "Forgive you? You had your chance and you blew it!"
Lucian pocketed the flash drive, his expression cold, "I'll give this to Asher, let everyone know the truth."
It was time Asher knew the injustice Lemira had suffered!
"No, No, please, Lucian, I'm begging you, forgive me this one time. I swear I won't do it again!"
At the moment, Evelina was frantic. She hadn't expected Lemira to recover the surveillance footage, catching her off guard.
If the rest of the brothers found out what was on that video, she would be finished. She'd be cast out of the Langston family.
Without her status as the adopted daughter of the Langston family, she'd have nothing.
Watching Lucian's retreating figure, Evelina wished he'd get into a car accident and die! That way, the flash drive would never reach Asher. 
QUMS
Evelina stumbled after him, "Lucian, you said you'd treat me like a real sister! Can't you forgive me just this once? In the end, I'm just noto blood-related!" 
Standing by his car, Lucian was infuriated by her words. Leaning against the car door, he glared at Evelina impassively, "So you swear you only hurt Lemira this once?" 
Evelina hesitated, and then boldly claimed, "Yes, it was just this once, and I was forced by Susanna. I'm a victim too!" "Evelina, you're beyond redemption!"
Lucian was now able to see through Evelina's charade. But he was deeply disappointed and angry.
The girl he treated like a sister turned out to be an ambitious ingrate!
As he was about to get into his car, suddenly he felt breathless, his vision blurred, and collapsed to the ground.
Seeing this, Evelina approached cautiously, "Lucian, what's wrong?"
Upon realizing Lucian had passed out, a smile crept onto her face. Fortune was indeed favoring her!
Evelina quickly snatched the flash drive. But Lemira had another copy of the video. If it got to the police, Asher would find out.
What to do? The surveillance footage had to be destroyed!
In a panic, Evelina pulled out her phone, eventually dialing a number, "Hello, I need your help with something!"
###Chapter 273
"What's it, sweetheart?"
Grabbing the phone, Evelina expressed her demand.
"I need you to destroy a surveillance footage. Steal it from the police station for me!"
"Sweetheart, did you get yourself into trouble again? I can help, but you ghosting me last time really hurt my feelings."
"Cut the chatter. Help me this time, and I'll make it worth your while. No more ghosting, I promise."
At her wit's end, Evelina had no choice but to turn to this mysterious man claiming to be her father. Whether he was or wasn't, as long as he could aid her, she was willing to use him. "No problem, I'll take care of it."
After hanging up, Evelina swiftly deleted the call history. She checked on Lucian's breathing before dialing Asher, her voice quivering as if on the verge of tears, "Asher, it's bad, something happened to Lucian!" "What's wrong? Don't cry and calm down."
"Lucian came to check on Lemmy, see how she's doing at school, and they ended up fighting. Lucian fainted from anger. What should I do?"
On the other end, Evelina's face was a masterpiece of fake tears.
Asher replied sternly, "Call the ambulance and text me the address."
After hanging up, Evelina wiped away her tears, content with her top-notch acting skills.
As she glanced back at Lucian, her expression turned scornful. As long as that video got destroyed, nobody would believe anything Lucian said. Especially since Asher, who currently disliked Lemira, would only trust her. She wasn't about to give up just yet.
---
Meanwhile, Lemira was with Orion, heading to the police station.
"I see you've got a new ride? It's different from last time," Lemira's mood was surprisingly light, taking a glance at the car she went in. "Just a buddy's car!"
Lemira nodded, "So, what have you been up to these past few days in Orvin? Haven't been chasing girls, have you?"
Orion gripped the steering wheel tighter, mumbling, "Stopped chasing."
"Why'd you stop?" Lemira was surprised at his words, feeling somewhat delighted mixed with complex.
"Do I need a reason?" Orion coughed.
"Is it because of what happened at the bar? I'm sorry, but I know nothing really happened between us that night. I won't hold you accountable." Lemira lowered her head, "Don't be affected by it because of me."
After the incident at the bar, she and
Orion had experienced the intimacy aside from the very last step. She had secretly admired his well-defined abs - they were hard; despite his lean appearance, he was surprisingly muscular. 
As Orion's car came to a halt at a red light, he turned to Lemira. Her delicate features and cautious gaze mada
his originally cold heart soften in an instant. 
His lips were curled up slightly, "This has nothing to do with you. It's my decision."
Lemira was puzzled by his words, but before she could ponder further, a van on the opposite side of the road careened towards them out of control! FindNovel
In that moment, time seemed to slow down.
Lemira exclaimed, "Orion, watch out!"
Orion spotted the van, instinctively swerving the wheel to protect Lemira who was in the passenger seat, positioning her on the safer side. B***!
Lemira felt as if her ears were ringing from a tremendous blast, her body nearly catapulted if not for the seatbelt that held her firmly in place. Dazed and nauseous, Lemira felt the world spun as the aftermath of the crash enveloped them.
###Chapter 274
She felt as though she had slipped away from consciousness. But in a daze, she could sense someone rifling through her belongings nearby. Lemira's eyes fluttered open to a blur of crimson. She saw someone snatching the laptop from beside her.
Lemira wanted to stop it, but she was too weak, only able to watch helplessly as her laptop was stolen!
Turning her head towards Orion, she saw him slumped over the steering wheel, blood trickling down from his head. "Orion, wake up!" she screamed silently.
Lemira thought she had dragged Orion down with her as she eventually drifted back into unconsciousness.
This car crash, seemingly mundane, had sent shockwaves through the Everhart family!
"The Everhart heir suspected of infidelity, in a car crash with his new love!"
This piece of news quickly made it to the top of entertainment headlines, only to be scrubbed clean shortly after.
When Lemira awoke, the smell of antiseptics filled her nostrils. She knew she must be in a hospital.
Thaddeus exhaled in relief, "Lemon, you're awake. Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?"
"Where's Orion? How is he?"
Lemira remembered he was more injured than she was!
"He's fine. Don't move too much, you're still on an IV."
"I need to see him!"
Lemira couldn't rest until she saw him with her own eyes.
"Not now!"
"Why? Is Orion really badly hurt, and you're trying to hide it from me?"
This thought only made Lemira more anxious.
Thaddeus stopped her, "You've been watching too many soap operas. It's really nothing serious, but his family is here now, and it wouldn't be appropriate for you to visit. After all, you were both in the accident together; they might misunderstand." After Orion had the accident, the Everhart family was nearly turned upside down in their search for the culprit!
Thankfully, he was the first to arrive at the hospital and managed to separate Lemira and Orion. Otherwise, Lemira would be in big trouble!
Lemira felt guilty, "It's my fault he got hurt!"
"It was an accident, how is it related to you? But since Orion's previous arranged dates were set up by his family, your accident with him could definitely lead to
misunderstandings. Now's not the time to meet the parents!"
With the Everharts around, it wasn't the right time for Lemira to show her face. Lemira then abandoned the idea of visiting Orion for the moment. "Lemon, once his family leaves later, I'll find a chance to take you to him."
"Okay."
Since Thaddeus said so, she could wait a bit longer.
Lemira suddenly remembered, "This wasn't an accident. It was intentional."
"Intentional? Your enemies?"
But Thaddeus thought it might be one of Orion's rivals, like a business adversary or someone who went bankrupt competing against them!
Lemira nodded, "The person stole the laptop, which had footage from the bar that night."
"Damn, if that's the case, it was definitely targeted at you. That narrows down the suspects."
The corner of Lemira's mouth turned up coldly, "It's Evelina!"
After all, if the brothers saw that video, Evelina could no longer play the fake angel. Evelina had the most motive to destroy that footage.
"Besides Evelina, the Sinclair family
is also a suspect. The driver hasn't been found yet, and only the Sinclair family has the means to pull this off! 
"You're right, Evelina doesn't have such connections in Orvin. Maybe she told the Sinclair family about this. To protect Susanna, the Sinclair family might have taken action!" 
Lemira didn't expect the Sinclair family to go so far as to attempt on her life! "But with the laptop stolen and no backup, the evidence is probably destroyed." "No, I made another copy for Lucian!"
###Chapter 275
At the thought of this, Lemira looked at Thaddeus, "How long was I out?"
"One day. The car accident happened yesterday!"
"Then the Langstons must have seen the video by now!"
Lemira was desperate to retrieve the video evidence from Lucian! Pulling out her cell, she dialed Lucian, but no one picked up.
What's going on? No answer? Determined, she called again, and this time, the call connected.
However, it was Evelina's voice that greeted her, "Hey, Lemira, what do you need Lucian for?"
"Why do you have his phone?"
"Oh, because of those words you said that ticked Lucian off. He fainted and got hospitalized yesterday. He's still unconscious."
As Lemira heard it, her tone turned icy, "Is the flash drive with you? Did you conspire with the Sinclairs to steal the laptop?"
"What flash drive? What laptop? I have no idea what you're talking about. Bye."
Evelina hung up, a smirk playing at the corners of her mouth, knowing it was futile that Lemira realized it now. The video had been destroyed.
But as Evelina turned around, she saw Lucian awake. Startled, her smile froze, "Lucian, when did you wake up?"
"When you denied having the flash drive."
Lucian, noticing he was clad in the hospital gown, asked with a steely tone, "Where's the flash drive?"
"Lucian, can't you forgive me just this once? I was the one who saved you when you fainted on the street!"
Evelina still wouldn't give up.
"Give me the flash drive, then I might consider it."
"No, you'd just show it to Asher and the others, wouldn't you?"
Lucian's expression was callous, "Since you think you're innocent, why fear Asher and the others knowing?"
"Lucian, my dad saved Lemira's life. He died in the explosion trying to save your parents. You can't do this to me!"
"It's because of your father you even got a chance with the Langstons. Give me the flash drive, got it?"
Evelina realized her act of
desperation wouldn't sway Lucian. She glanced outside the hospital room before replying in a low voice, "I've already destroyed the flash drive." 
en FindNovel
Lucian, enraged, slapped Evelina, "Who gave you the guts to do that?"
"Lucian, I've never hurt Lemmy, why won't you believe me?"
Evelina suddenly burst into tears, playing the victim. Just then, Asher walked in and saw Evelina covering her face, "Lucian, why did you hit Eve?"
"Asher, do you have any idea what Evelina did? Lemira almost got into trouble at the bar a few days ago. Evelina and Susanna were in on it together, they even drugged her!" 
IMS
Evelina, trying to look pitiful, countered, "Asher, I didn't do any of that." "Evelina, you dare deny it? You were at the bar, there are witnesses!"
"I-I was at the bar, yes, but it was Lemira who crossed Susanna. Ms. Sinclair made her drink a couple of shots, that's all. There were no drugs, no kidnapping!" 
Seeing Evelina lie through her teeth left Lucian dumbfounded by her audacity. He'd never expected how good her acting skills are!
Asher frowned, saying, "Lucian, how could Eve possibly do such a thing!"
"Asher, so you're saying Lemira is lying?"
"Since she was a kid, in order to get our attention, how many lies have she made? You have no proof!"
Lucian managed a bitter smile, "Who says I don't have proof? Lemmy got the bar's surveillance footage. I saw it with my own eyes, how can it be fake?"
Asher paused, "If you've got surveillance footage, where is it? Show me."
"After I fainted, Evelina took the flash drive."
###Chapter 276
"Lucian, I didn't take the flash drive!"
Evelina, her eyes red, let out a bitter laugh, "Well, if Lucian's dead-set on pinning this on me, then fine, let it be me. Seems I'm the designated scapegoat anyway since you guys wouldn't dare confront Susanna about it!" Lucian wanted to explode in anger.
Asher massaged his temples, "Lucian, are you saying we've got no proof then? I know you've been siding with Lemira lately, but you can't just throw Eve under the bus like that."
Lucian was seething with rage! He wasn't trying to slander Evelina; he had seen the proof with his own eyes!
He wanted to explain, but couldn't hand the evidence. He finally understood how Lemira felt when she was falsely accused. It was infuriating!
Trying to calm down, Lucian spoke up, "Well, aside from what I've got, Lemmy also has a copy of the surveillance footage. She even went to the police to report it yesterday. If you want proof, just head to the station!" Evelina's lies couldn't hide the truth for long.
Asher nodded in agreement, "Alright, I'll have someone look into this immediately. We'll uncover the truth!"
Lucian turned to Evelina, "Do you really need to wait until the evidence is right in front of you before you admit your guilt and apologize while kneeling?"
"Lucian, I know you always wanted me to go back to the hometown for a gap year. I didn't listen, and that's why you're upset with me. But staying in Orvin, I'd never compete with Lemira for anything. You don't need to rush to use this as an excuse to get rid of me!" Evelina looked down, playing the part of the wounded, wronged party.
Asher immediately intervened, "Eve, don't worry about that. It was my decision not to send you back for a gap year."
"Asher, I've always been an outsider. Now that I'm grown, I shouldn't continue to impose on the Langston family!"
"What are you talking about? The moment we decided to adopt you, you became my sister!"
Lucian was nearly at his breaking point, "Asher, do you have any idea of Evelina's true nature? She's manipulative and scheming, and we've all been deceived by her!"
That was why Lemira had left the Langston family so decisively! Evelina's acting had fooled him for years.
"Lucian, I only believe in evidence."
Asher sat back, waiting, as Evelina
went to
bringinash some fruit, deliberately
some over to Lucian. But
Lucian didn't even give her aglance. 
Playing the victim again, Evelina returned to Asher's side, "Asher, then you have it."
"Sure, Eve. There must be some misunderstanding here; don't hold it against Lucian."
Evelina nodded obediently, but a cold glint flickered in her eyes.
Without evidence, no one would believe Lucian's words. If Lucian wouldn't stand by her, so be it.
Soon after, Asher's assistant returned with news.
"Boss, we've got some updates."
"Did we get the surveillance footage?"
"According to our findings, Lemira didn't actually go to the police, and she's not at school either. She just took a sick leave." Lucian sat up straight, "Lemira didn't go to the police?"
That couldn't be right, unless something had happened! He turned to Evelina, "Did you have something to do with this?"
"Lucian, with Lemira claiming to
have surveillance evidence and planning to go to the police, the last thing the Sinclair family would want is for this to come to light, not me! I was at that bar too that night, but I didn't do anything, I have a clear conscience!" 
Evelina knew Lemira had been in an accident, and her laptop was stolen and destroyed. Now, Lemira had no evidence at all! She was fearless now! Asher nodded, "Eve's right, it's likely someone from the Sinclair family who had plotted it."
Lucian's expression turned grave, "There's still evidence that can prove it. The café where we met yesterday has surveillance cameras, and they captured Evelina begging for forgiveness!" 
Evelina's face went pale in an instant! She had forgotten about that!
###Chapter 277
"Asher, you can get someone to check the café's surveillance footage!"
After saying this, Lucian glanced at Evelina, "The café's footage will prove I'm telling the truth, including her begging on her knees." Evelina was so nervous she couldn't even lift her head, her forehead breaking out in a cold sweat.
Asher frowned, "Lucian, I'll trust you one more time. But if the footage doesn't back up your story, don't blame me for doubting you." "Fine."
Lucian's voice was icy, "Evelina, aren't you going to tell the truth now?"
"Lucian, I am telling the truth."
Evelina couldn't meet Lucian's gaze, but she couldn't admit to what she hadn't done either.
If they actually got the surveillance video, she would need a good excuse. Having already lost Lucian's trust, she couldn't afford to lose Asher's as well.
Maybe she should contact that man, Evelina thought, picking up the fruit tray, "Asher, I'll go wash some more fruit."
"Hold it! You're not leaving until we get the café's surveillance. Just so you don't contact someone from the Sinclair family to interfere!"
Lucian knew Evelina didn't have the means, but the Sinclair family did! Evelina had no choice but to stand still, her anxiety peaking with each passing second.
Soon, Asher received a call from his secretary, "Did you get the surveillance footage?"
"What, the café caught fire last night, and all the surveillance was destroyed?"
Asher only found the whole situation odd.
Hearing this news, Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. The fire was a stroke of luck; she had dodged a bullet! Whether it was that man's doing or the Sinclair family's intervention didn't matter. She was safe.
Evelina noticed Lucian's glance and
shrank back, "Lucian, you don't think I did it, do you? You were sick in the hospital last night, and I was there
the whole time. Besides, I don't have the guts to set a fire!"
"You might not, but the Sinclair family could! You must have contacted someone from the Sinclair family. How else would they know about the surveillance footage so quickly?"
Lucian pulled out his phone, "Even though the café's surveillance is gone, we have a witness!"
He played a video on his phone, showing a café waitress. Evelina's heart raced to her throat. Impossible!
"Yesterday, I did see four people
I
arguing there. One girl took out a
Vel
laptop, seemed like she opened some surveillance video, and another girl started begging on her knees, like she had done something wrong and got caught." 
Evelina's legs nearly gave way, her whole body trembling. Lucian looked at her, “What do you have to say now?"
Evelina turned to Asher, "Asher, what was on Lemira's laptop was indeed bar surveillance, but the Sinclair family had already deleted the part about Susanna. Lemira was interrogating me about it, wanting me to testify. I was scared, Asher. The Sinclair family wouldn't let me off easily. Lucian pressured me too, and I had no choice but to beg them not to treat me this way." 
Lucian's voice was cold, "Evelina, you're lying!"
"I'm not lying! Lemira said so many infuriating things to pressure us, that's why you fainted, don't you remember?"
Evelina's voice broke as she wiped away her tears, "If Lucian thinks I'm the culprit, then I'll just turn myself in at the police station."
With that, Evelina ran out of the room. She had to get away, uncertain of what Lucian might do next.
Asher, visibly annoyed, said, "How could you talk to Eve like that? You can't just make Eve take the fall to exonerate Lemira. It's clear the Sinclair family is behind this!"
"Asher, there's more to Evelina than meets the eye. I only realized it after seeing the surveillance footage."
"Enough, you just focus on getting better. Eve will stay by my side from now on. You don't need to worry about her."
With that, Asher also hurried out of the room.
###Chapter 278
When Lucian saw that Asher didn't believe him, he was so frustrated that he actually spat out blood. He deserved it, it was his own karma biting back at him! "Lucian, what's going on? You're spitting blood."
Alaric hurried over to help Lucian up, "I just saw Asher leaving with Evelina. What happened exactly? Asher mentioned that for Lemira's sake, you wanted Eve to go to jail!" "Alaric, do you believe me?"
"Of course, I believe you."
Lucian recounted the events at the coffee shop the previous day, "That's how it all went down. But now the surveillance footage is destroyed, and Asher won't believe a word I say." Alaric was in a dilemma.
"Lucian, it's not that I don't believe you, but without seeing the surveillance footage for myself, I can't just take your word for Eve being so manipulative and drugging Lemira. It's just too hard to believe."
"I know, it's hard to accept all at once. If I hadn't seen the footage with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it either!"
Lucian's face was pale, struggling to catch his breath, "But you can't just take Evelina's words for it."
Evelina was far from a good person.
Seeing Lucian so distraught, Alaric found himself unable to voice his thoughts. He nodded in agreement, "Okay, I promise you."
He did have his doubts, wondering if there was a misunderstanding between Lemira and Evelina. But Lucian looked terribly unwell.
Lucian grasped Alaric's hand, his voice trembling, "Also, could you find out why Lemira is on medical leave and which hospital she's staying at? Go see her for me, tell her I would risk my life to right this wrong for her!" He owed that much to Lemira!
Alaric had no choice but to agree and left the hospital room to find out which hospital Lemira was in.
He tried to message Lemira, only to find out she had already deleted him. So, he tried calling her, only to realize he was blocked.
It was then Alaric felt as though
there was a barrier between him and Lemira. Resorting to a different strategy, Alaric used a new phone number to call Lemira, and this time the call connected quickly, "Lemira, it's me." 
Hearing Alaric's voice, she responded coldly, "What do you want?"
"Lucian's in the hospital right now, in a terrible shape. If you're free, maybe come see him? He's really worried about you!"
"Isn't Evelina there to look after him? He doesn't need me."
"Lucian really dislikes Evelina now; he has kicked her out."
Thinking back to Lucian's story,
the incident at the bar, was it
os fon couldn't help but ask, " Evelina who drugged you?,
"Did you see the surveillance footage?"
"No, Lucian said the flash drive is missing, suspects Evelina took it, but there's no proof!"
Hearing this, Lemira guessed as much, not expecting things happened coincidentally! "Evelina's got good luck, able to get away even this."
Alaric couldn't help but ask, "Are there some misunderstanding between you and Eve? Did she really do those things?" Alaric still couldn't believe it!
"Huh, you go back and warn Evelina, she might have escaped this time by luck, but it's not over yet. Tell her to wait!" After saying her piece, Lemira hung up, not wanting to waste another word on anyone from the Langston family.
She turned to Thaddeus, "The flash drive Lucian had, Evelina took it."
"Ha, why did Lucian have to faint at
that moment, giving the fake angel a chance
Now that the footage is destroyed, we can't touch them." 
swney
Lemira scoffed, "No, even without the surveillance, I still have a way."
She wasn't going to let this go just yet.
###Chapter 279
Lemira's eyes flashed with an icy determination. She was resolute on making the culprit pay for their actions!
This time, Orion had nearly paid the ultimate price because of her. Had it not been for sheer luck and the fact that the car had been modified, Orion might have been in a much graver situation now. "Lemon, let's discuss this once you two are all healed up. Taking down your enemy requires patience. There's no need to rush."
Lemira shifted the conversation, "Can you take me to see Orion then?"
She needed to see for herself how badly Orion was injured.
"I'll check on him first."
Thaddeus returned quickly, "Come on, I'll take you there. Can you manage?"
"I'm fine."
Together, they made their way to Orion's hospital room.
When she saw the man lying in the ICU, her eyes reddened, "Didn't you say he was okay?"
"He's mostly fine, just a bit more shaken up than you, a concussion. He needs to be watched a bit more closely. His family is really worried, so they insisted on the ICU."
Lemira stood outside for a while, "I'll come back when he wakes up."
She vividly remembered how Orion had steered the wheel, protecting her during the crash. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been left with just a minor cut on her forehead while Orion lay in the ICU. Thaddeus sighed, "Let's go. You should rest. Orion will probably wake up later."
"Okay."
As Lemira and Thaddeus were leaving, a stunning woman stepped out of the elevator. Sophia looked at Thaddeus in surprise, "Thad, you're here too? And who might this be?" Thaddeus's face drained of color upon seeing Sophia. "Just my luck," he thought.
Thaddeus coughed slightly, "She, uh, she's a friend of mine."
Lemira glanced at the beautiful woman. Their eyes met briefly, but neither said a word. Yet, Lemira felt something was off.
As the elevator doors closed, Lemira turned to Thaddeus, "Who was that just now?"
"Just a friend of mine."
Thaddeus felt overwhelmed, thinking it best to leave this situation for Orion to handle.
Lemira didn't press further, though.
Sophia's voice felt odde
but she
as if she had heard it
couldn't place it.
Back in her room, Lemira received a message from Janice. [You missed the club evaluation today, why didn't you come?]
Only then did Lemira remember the club's evaluation. Seemed like she missed out.
Lemira replied. [Got sick and ended up in the hospital, couldn't make it to the evaluation.]
She had hoped to expose Evelina's true face today, but unforeseen circumstances had thrown a wrench in her plans.
If it hadn't been for the Sinclairs stepping in to aid Evelina, the fake angel wouldn't have escaped so easily.
But there was still time. Once she was discharged, there would be plenty of opportunities to settle scores with Evelina! Lemira thought for a while, "Will Susanna face any consequences this time?"
"Probably, considering all the bullying videos and photos online. Wait, you didn't have something to do with that, did you?"
"That's right, I don't believe the Sinclairs can cover the truth from the masses."
Lemira didn't deny it, considering Orion was O; Thaddeus would have figured out who she was by now. "Lemon, didn't know you had it in you. Thought you were just into Al, but you're good at other stuff too."
Lemira blushed slightly, "Actually,
learned a lot from you guys. I was
just a kid back then, and you
the only ones who bothered
me." 
To think Orion was O.
with
Thaddeus felt a mix of nostalgia and surprise, realizing how early their paths had crossed. Fate worked in mysterious ways.
Thaddeus added after pondering for
a moment, "Just be careful with the Sinclairs, don't get caught. Susanna will definitely face repercussions." 
This was something Orion had specifically instructed. No matter what the Sinclairs did, it wouldn't change the outcome.
"I know."
After Thaddeus left, Lemira started searching for news on Susanna, only to find that, just like before, the news was suppressed.
###Chapter 280
But the videos and photos of Susanna's bullying scandal left their marks on the internet, impossible to erase.
The Sinclairs could only resort to posting on Susanna's Twitter, claiming her account was hacked and the uploads were doctored.
Ha, Lemira hacked into Susanna's phone again. But she found it wiped clean. Looked like the Sinclairs realized the gravity of the situation and had destroyed Susanna's phone.
Lemira's expression turned icy. She waited for Susanna to face her comeuppance! And if not, she'd take matters into her own hands.
Throughout the night, Lemira couldn't sleep. Every time she closed her eyes, she saw the car crash. Orion had swerved, taking all the impact and danger upon himself!
If anyone was to die first, it would have been him! Unable to sleep in the end, Lemira got up and sneaked a visit to Orion.
She quietly entered Orion's hospital room and saw his pale face, feeling a twinge of sorrow. Orion must have lost a lot of blood.
Lemira gently held Orion's hand, feeling its coolness. She felt distressed, "Orion, you need to get better soon. I shouldn't have dragged you into this. After all, you're just an ordinary guy, no match for those rich folks. I'm sorry!" Carefully, she rested his hand against her cheek, "Orion, can you wake up, please?"
"In the middle of the night, you're here by my side, crying like this. Anyone would think I've turn to a vegetable."
Lemira froze, and then turned to see Orion's eyes open, his profound gaze twinkling with amusement.
She awkwardly let go of his hand. Stuttering, she spoke, "You're awake. Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?" "No."
"But you've been asleep the whole time."
"I was just too tired and fell asleep."
Seeing Orion's condition wasn't too bad, Lemira felt a bit relieved, "Seeing you awake makes me feel better." "You've hurt your forehead?"
Orion noticed the bandage on her forehead, looking concerned.
Lemira shook her head, "It's something trivial. Compared to your injuries, a scar on my forehead is nothing."
"It looks not good for a girl having a scar on the forehead."
Lemira's breath hitched, "During the crash, why did you turn the wheel? You could've avoid getting hurt so badly."
After she spoke, they locked eyes, neither breaking the silence. Lemira hadn't been sleeping well, but now, seeing him awake, she didn't know what to say. 
Orion's gaze was clear, "Because I didn't want you to get hurt!"
He wouldn't let her be harmed in the crash again!
Lemira, flustered, looked down, "Since you're awake, I'm relieved. You should rest now."
Turning, she left the ICU, her heartbeat racing. Lying in her hospital bed later, Orion's face and the crash scene filled her mind.
Then, another crash from long ago
played in her dreams, only in fragments. She dreamed she was trapped in a car, and it was Qrion who rescued her. 
Waking up, Lemira found tears at the corners of her eyes.
It had been a long time since she dreamed of that old accident. Maybe because of the influence of this recent crash, Orion was
unexpectedly in her dream; net
she
assumed these two scenes must have been blended. 
Just then, Lemira's phone rang. Picking it up, she answered, "Hello? Who's this?"
"Lemira, which hospital are you at? Lucian wants to come visit."
"I'm fine, really. I'll be even better without you."
Alaric hesitated before asking, "You mentioned this isn't over, do you still have evidence?"
He wanted to know. And he wanted to see the evidence.
###Chapter 281
Lemira's lips twisted into a cold smirk, "Yes, you'll find out after I get discharged."
"Why the mystery now? Can't you just tell us straight?"
"Tell you straight? I told you straight this time, look where that got me. I don't trust you!"
Alaric choked on the words for a moment, "But you should trust Lucian, right?"
"In my eyes, you're all the same."
Alaric quickly changed the subject, "Lemira, Lucian's not doing so well. His stomach issue's flaring up again. The doc says his constant brooding is making it worse. Maybe you should see him."
Hearing this, Lemira spoke blandly, "I dreamed about the car crash that killed our parents last night."
Alaric paused, "Did you remember something new?"
"No, just fragments, and the sound of our parents calling out to me. Ever since they died, deep down, you all blamed me. If I hadn't insisted on going out for that birthday cake, the accident wouldn't have happened."
She had always felt that way in her previous life, which was why she had always tried to please her brothers.
Alaric sighed, "Those were just harsh words said when we were kids. We can't blame you for this, it was an accident!"
"Right, I've started to see that now. Because in my dream, our parents kept telling me to run."
Lemira wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes, "Seeing me reminds you of our parents' death, and it's the same for me. So maybe it's better if we keep our distance, become strangers. If it's really important, just message me." With that, Lemira ended the call. She had always known her brothers harbored some resentment towards her; even if it was unspoken, didn't mean didn't exist.
After hanging up, Alaric felt a pang of sadness. Even though he said it was an accident, deep down, he did blame Lemira.
He blamed her for wanting to go out for that cake, which led to the accident that killed their parents. That day, they all lost their parents. "Alaric, did Lemmy say what the proof was?"
Lucian's cheeks had an unhealthy pallor, hope flickering in his eyes. Alaric, clutching his phone, could only bow his head in silence. Lucian understood, turning away to wipe his tears, "Do you think if I gave up my life for our sister, she'd forgive me?"
If only there were a way to turn back time!
Lucian's tone grew more serious, "Alaric, have someone dig into everything about Evelina. We have to protect Lemira this time."
If Asher wouldn't believe them, then he'd find the evidence to make him believe! They couldn't let Evelina stay.
---
After hanging up, Lemira thought about Lucian's expression in the café, angry and shocked.
She smirked coldly, guessing Evelina would also slander Lucian without evidence to Asher.
Given Asher's character, he likely wouldn't believe Lucian either. Such a pity she wasn't there to witness it firsthand. What went around came around. 
But this was far from over. Since Asher was covering for Evelina, the murderer, and aiming to monopolize the Al market by targeting Maple Group. She wouldn't let Asher get his way. 
The next day, after the doctor's visit confirmed she could be discharged, Lemira changed and went to see Orion, finding him sitting up and eating. 
"How are you feeling today?"
"I'll be out of the ICU soon."
Orion knew his sudden accident had scared the family, especially his mom. Thankfully, Thaddeus was there, or Lemira would've faced trouble. Orion put down his utensils, "I've talked to Thaddeus. Right now, the computer and the flash drive are gone, and so is the key evidence."
###Chapter 282
"I know, I have other ways."
She was all too familiar with that fake angel and the Langstons. Taking them down could be done in a myriad of ways.
Before, she only felt suffocated by the Langstons and was desperate to escape. But now, she wasn't about to run anymore.
Orion gave Lemira a deep, thoughtful look. Sometimes, he felt Lemira seemed wise beyond her years, showing a maturity that didn't quite match her age. After a bit of conversation, Lemira stood up, "Guess I'll head out and sort my discharge paperwork to get back to school. I'll swing by to check on you later." "No need. I'll be out of here soon enough. Don't worry about me."
He was lucky the car had been modified; otherwise, he might not have survived that crash. He wasn't about to let this go unanswered.
He had no evidence yet, but there were plenty of ways to take on the Sinclairs. He chose not to tell Lemira, though. He didn't want to drag her into this mess. Leaving the ICU, Lemira bumped into the stunning woman she saw the day before. Both stopped in their tracks.
Sophia was the first to break the silence, "Well, we met again. Here to see Orion?"
"Yeah, you too?"
As Lemira sized up the beauty before her, she couldn't help but wonder about the nature of their relationship. Friends?
Sophia flashed a smile, "Yep. Mrs. Everhart sent me with some comfort food. Once he's discharged, we should all get together for a meal."
Lemira managed an awkward smile, her emotions fluctuating as she watched Sophia walk away.
What exactly was the relationship between Orion and this gorgeous woman? Lemira hesitated, contemplating whether to dig deeper into the situation. Ultimately, she lacked the courage and took the elevator back to her room. She was at a loss regarding how to view Orion now, her mind a complete whirlwind. A nurse approached, "Ms. Langston, your discharge is all set."
"Got it. Thanks."
Before leaving, Lemira sent Orion a message. [I'm heading out, get some rest.]
Orion's eyes were tinged with a
smile as he received the et
[Take care of that scar on youre forehead. I'll bring you some scar cream that works wonders. 
"Orie, did you hear me?"
Sophia, cautiously eyeing Orion, noticed the tender look on his face as he checked his phone. Who sent him messages?
The moment Orion looked up, his expression turned frosty, "I'll talk to my mom. No need for you to be a messenger." "Orie, why do you have to be so cold to me? Everyone's saying you were out with a girl, which led to that accident."
"You can leave, and take whatever you brought with you."
Orion's handsome features remained impassive as he stared at Sophia, showing no sign of emotion.
Sophia was not ready to give up, "Orie, I don't mind your affairs outside. I'll take good care of Mrs. Everhart and be a good wife."
"Sophia, you and my mom are
spreading rumors about us being engaged. But you know well I never agreed to any of this. There has never been anything between us." 
IMS
Sophia's face soured, "But we are a good match, and there's nothing wrong with our families uniting You've changed a lot after coming back from Lyria. Did you meet someone you like there?" 
"That's my business, and I don't owe you any explanations. Leave!"
Sophia stood up, seething. She was determined to find out who that girl was. Could it have been the one she just saw?
###Chapter 283
But the girl just left; given Orion's personality, it was unlikely he'd text her so soon. So, there must be someone else involved. She needed to check with Thaddeus.
Sophia dialed Thaddeus's number, "Mr. Draven, the girl who was in the car accident with Orie, was she the one I saw yesterday?"
"Nope, I wouldn't be dumb enough to leave her in this hospital. That'd be like serving her up on a silver platter for you guys to find. You should be asking Orion about this, I won't spill the beans." With that, Thaddeus hung up, patting his chest in relief. That was a close call!
---
Lemira took a cab straight back to campus. Her first order of business was to call Evelina, "Been sleeping well these past few days?"
"Lemira? Why are you calling me?"
Lemira's tone was breezy, "Just catching up, we're family after all."
"I, I have class soon, no time to catch up."
Evelina had a bad feeling about this. If Lemira was calling to question her, she might have been more at ease. But Lemira's tone made Evelina expressly uneasy.
Lemira chuckled, "Not coming, huh? Well, then I guess I have no choice but to release the evidence I have!"
"What evidence? You have a backup? No, if you had a backup, you would've used it by now."
"School's rooftop. Don't stand me up."
Lemira hung up without offering any explanations. But she was betting Evelina's guilty conscience would ensure her appearance.
Lemira headed straight for the rooftop of the Business School building where classes were held. The door was unlocked, and the rooftop was decked out with lounge chairs and tables, a testament to the laid-back life of Business School wealthy kids. Lemira walked at the rooftop railing, the barrier seemed low, and the wind was strong. One step forward, and she could fall.
At that moment, Evelina quietly arrived at the rooftop.
Seeing Lemira at the edge, a wild thought flashed through Evelina's mind: if Lemira were to fall and die, there would be no one left to know about the evidence she heldo 
en FindNovel
That way, she wouldn't be cast out by the Langston family.
Once the thought took root, it grew wildly. Evelina held her breath, sneaking up on Lemira. A single push would send Lemira plummeting.
This was her only chance. Evelina didn't want to miss it, nor did she want to relive the café incident.
Lucian's reaction was proof enough that, with evidence in hand, the Langstons would disown her in a heartbeat!
Evelina quickly reached Lemira and pushed with all her might. But in the next moment, Lemira sidestepped.
Evelina lunged into empty air, her body hurtling past the railing. Just then, Lemira grabbed Evelina by the hair, though half of Evelina's body was still dangling over the edge. 
All Lemira had to do was let go, and Evelina would fall.
Evelina desperately clung to the railing, screaming with fright, "Lemira, don't let go!"
Struggling for her life, Evelina was not ready to die. Lemira laughed, standing by the railing, watching Evelina struggle with a flushed face.
"Evelina, if I'm not mistaken, you just tried to push me off so no one would find out about the evidence I have, right?"
"I, I didn't, I just wanted to say hi!" Evelina's voice was filled with tears; she truly didn't want to die.
Lemira patted Evelina's face, her tone ominous, "Do you think I'd believe that?"
"But if something happens to me here, you won't escape blame. My friends from the Business School
know + came here to meet you. If I die, you'll become a murderer!" 
"Threatening me?"
BUMS
Lemira let go, Evelina screamed and grabbed the railing, her feet barely touching the edge of the roof jutting out. She barely avoided falling.
###Chapter 284
Evelina shrieked hysterically, "Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Tears and snot streamed down Evelina's face as she trembled all over; she had almost met her maker! Lemira had actually let go, that witch truly wanted Evelina dead! A cold smirk played on Lemira's lips, "I just wanted to live my life, but you keep haunting me. Well, now I'm game to play along!"
"What the hell do you want?"
At this point, Evelina was on the verge of breaking down. Lemira, that maniac!
Lemira turned around to grab a soda can, pouring its contents over Evelina's head, "I wanna see you squirm."
"Lemira, I admit my mistake. I won't dare do it again. But that night at the bar, Susanna forced my hand. You know how she is; I couldn't refuse."
Evelina was petrified at the moment. If Lemira had pushed her away, it would've been the end.
Seeing Evelina beg for mercy suddenly made Lemira lose interest; she couldn't believe she was taken down by such a duplicitous fool in her past life. Was she to blame for not being a good enough actor, for not being cunning enough?
Lemira stepped on Evelina's hand, speaking indifferently, "I can pull you up, but you need to do something for me."
"Anything you say, I'll do it! Please, don't kill me, I beg you!"
"You're aware of how much money Asher has poured into Lucian Corp's Al project, right?"
Evelina nodded vigorously, "Yes, I know."
"I need you to steal the data on that Al project from Asher for me."
Lemira pressed down harder with her foot, and Evelina nodded immediately, "Okay, I'll get it. Asher has always trusted me!"
Only then did Lemira lift her foot. Evelina sighed in relief, reaching out to Lemira, "H-Help me up, I can't do it on my own." Lemira, with a look of disgust, handed the can to Evelina instead.
Scrambling up, Evelina sat on the ground, shaken, and looking up, she yelled at Lemira, "You think I'd actually do it? Dream on!"
She had only agreed to Lemira's
terms to save her skin. The more Evelina thought about it, the angrier she got. She stood and charged at Lemira, "How dare you humiliate me, Lemira, this isn't over!"
Lemira grabbed Evelina by the hair and pushed her to the ground. She slapped Evelina hard twice, leaving her dazed.
Lemira held Evelina's chin, "I knew you'd back out! Didn't I say I had other evidence?"
"I don't believe you. You have nothing!"
"But here you are, which means you're guilty."
Lemira pulled out her phone, showing a photo, a screenshot from a surveillance video capturing Evelina drugging her.
Seeing the photo, Evelina went cold with fear, realizing Lemira did have evidence! Stammering, Evelina asked, "Why didn't you show this to my brother, but instead confront me? What do you want?" 
"Because my demands have changed. Steal the data from Asher, I want Maple Group to triumph!"
Lemira stared down at Evelina, "Now, you have a choice. Do as I say, or I release this evidence." "Please, don't release it. I'll do as you say!"
Evelina was truly frightened of Lemira, the madwoman! She had no choice but to temporarily agree.
Lemira slowly stood up, "I'll be waiting for you, for the data."
Without another glance back, Lemira left the rooftop. Her lips curved in a cold sneer; she deleted the photo from her phone - it was just a photoshopped image.
But those with a guilty conscience
could never take the risk! She was
eager to see how Evelina would proceed! And she was equally
curious about Asher's reaction once he found out. 
Revenge was sweet, but so was success in her ventures.
###Chapter 285
After Lemira left, Evelina thought back to the humiliating scene, and the tears just started flowing.
That witch, Lemira!
Evelina regretted not pushing her off the edge when she had the chance, and couldn't believe her leverage was held by Lemira.
Evelina couldn't dissipate her frustration. Right then, her phone buzzed. It was Alaric calling, "Eve, I'm at school. Can we talk? Where are you?"
Through her tears, Evelina responded, "Alaric, I'm on the rooftop. Lemmy wanted to meet here. She wanted to end me. I was terrified!"
"I'll be right there."
After hanging up, Evelina made herself look even more disheveled to gain Alaric's sympathy.
Meanwhile, Lemira was taking her sweet time walking down the stairs. But as soon as she reached the ground floor, she saw Alaric rushing over, looking extremely worried. Lemira raised an eyebrow. The fake angel's knight in shining armor arrived quicker than expected.
When Alaric saw Lemira, he stopped dead in his tracks. Her indifferent expression struck him as cold and unfamiliar.
Without giving Alaric a second glance, Lemira continued on her way. As they passed each other, it was as if they were complete strangers.
Feeling a heavy weight in his heart, Alaric couldn't help but turn around, "Lemira!"
Lemira didn't look back, acting as if she hadn't heard him.
Alaric, unable to let it go, followed her, "Lemira, wait! Eve just called me, saying you wanted to meet her on the rooftop and push her off?" Lemira barely lifted her eyelids, "Are you accusing me?"
Noticing his tone was a bit harsh, Alaric realized he had been unintentionally confrontational due to Lemira's previous disregard.
He softened his voice, "I'm just trying to understand why you'd do something like that. Eve's supposed to be like a sister to you." "Evelina doesn't deserve to be called family. She belongs behind bars!"
Alaric was choked on the words, "But causing harm intentionally could also land you in jail."
"Do you have any proof of that?"
"What kind of proof is needed?"
"Oh, so you don't have any proof. Then why were you asking me for it earlier?"
Lemira's gaze was penetrating, "Evelina harmed me, and I need
provide proof. But when she accuse
me of harming her, no proot
is that it?" 
"Lemira, that's not what I meant."
"Then what did you mean?"
Seeing Alarie's confidence fade into guilt and that eventually he became silence Lemira coldly said, "So, spare me the regretful act, trying to mend fences with me. It's disgusting!" 
en FindNovel
Alaric was speechless in the face of Lemira's rebuke. He realized how biased he had been.
Watching her walk away, Alaric noticed his impulsiveness this time and decided he wouldn't confront Lemira like this again.
He then headed to the rooftop. Evelina ran into Alaric's arms, sobbing, "Alaric, I almost died!"
"What exactly did Lemira say?"
"She thinks I had something to do with the car accident, so she picked on me. But it was the Sinclairs, I have nothing to do with it."
Evelina would never admit she led all this. She was determined to shift the blame onto the Sinclairs!
That way, no one would suspect her, nor discover the truth about her father, who was supposedly dead.
Alaric, recalling Lemira's words, was momentarily distracted.
"Alaric, you have to stand up for me. I almost died, really."
Alaric returned to the moment, "It's not like you were harmed, right? Lemira was just blowing off steam. She never intended to actually kill you. Let's just drop it, she's a victim too." 
Hearing that, Evelina was so frustrated she nearly choked on blood!
###Chapter 286
What did "just drop it" even mean?
Back in the day, if Alaric got wind of something like this, he'd be on Lemira's case in a heartbeat! Why did it seem like even Alaric had changed? Evelina felt so aggrieved that tears streaming down, "But I almost died."
"Eve, you've always been the sensible one. Despite Lemira running off, we're still family at the end of the day. Don't take it too seriously." He paused, "Besides, there's no proof that Lemira was behind all this, right?"
Evelina was so extremely upset.
Weren't these the very words once said to Lemira? She never imagined that one day, the boomerang would come back to hit her!
Suffering from the frustration of being unable to express her distress, Evelina felt if she pushed any further, her carefully crafted image would start to crumble.
In the end, Evelina had no choice but to bite her tongue, daring not to speak of pursuing Lemira's accountability. But she wasn't going to let this slide.
When Lemira got back to her dorm, all her roommates were there. Janice, noticing the bandage on Lemira's forehead, quickly asked, "You got hurt?" "Yeah, but I'm fine now."
As Lemira settled into her chair, Clara couldn't help but sneer, "Don't tell me you got 'sick' and skipped the evaluation because you were scared of losing?" Lemira just smiled, "Honestly, I could take on the entire club and still come out on top."
"Keep talking big, Lemira. You're just making excuses because you didn't even show up for the evaluation, trying to pretend you're something special." Lemira didn't bother explaining herself to what she considered a clown.
Clara, not missing a beat to show off, said, "The team base is hosting a social media influencer event tonight. A bunch of big names from PixelStage are going to be there. Too bad you're going to miss it. Only members are qualified to attend." Clara strutted out in her skirt and heels after her announcement.
Once Clara had left, Janice said, "You're actually really talented. You could sign with another team and even make it to the national team."
"I know, thanks."
Lemira wasn't really thinking about teams at the moment. Joining the school team wasn't a big deal to her.
As Lemira was about to take a shower, she received a call froma PixelStage manager, "Ms. Langston, I tried calling you so many time's yesterday and even messaged you. Why didn't you reply?" 
"I was in a car accident yesterday, so I missed the call, just got back to the dorm from the hospital."
"Oh, I see. Well, I remember you're
from Orvin University. There's a
social media influencer event
tonight at the Orvin Team base. I've sent you the invite. Come join us." 
en FindNovel
Lemira thought for a moment, "Okay."
Might as well see what the fuss was about, to keep certain people from yapping in her ear.
After hanging up, Janice looked at her, "Got any favorite influencers? I could get their autographs for you."
"No, that's alright. Thanks, though."
After her shower, Lemira changed into a white tee and jeans. She noticed a few missed calls from unknown numbers.
At the time, the phone rang again. Lemira answered, "Hello, who's speaking?"
"Is this Lemira?" the voice on the other end was dripping with arrogance and superiority.
Lemira's tone turned frosty, "Yes, it's me. Who's this?"
"I'm a lawyer for the Sinclair family. Considering the situation between you and my client Susanna, I thought we should meet in person." "There's nothing to discuss. I wish her the best in turning over a new leaf!"
The person on the other end was
clearly agitated, "You've got quite the attitude, Lemira. Aren't you worried about dragging the Langstons into this?" 
AUMS
Lemira's lips curled slightly. Dragging the Langstons into trouble? Now, wouldn't that be nice?
###Chapter 287
Lemira's voice dripped with amusement, "How so?"
"Oh, come on, you know as well as I do that the Langstons don't hold a candle to the Sinclairs. Ms. Sophia Sinclair, Susanna's sister, is engaged to the Everhart heir! Do you really think the Langstons can afford to cross the Sinclairs?"
Ah, so there was a powerhouse backing them up!
Lemira laughed scornfully in response, "I've never been one to back down. Bring it on!"
With that, she hung up the phone. As for the fate of the Langstons, it had nothing to do with her!
Glancing at the invitation on her phone, Lemira finally left her dorm.
Arriving at the team's base, she noticed the red carpet and registration table set up outside. It did look quite impressive.
"Lemira, what happened to you?"
Turning around, Lemira spotted an old acquaintance, Michel, the manager of the Reapers!
She flashed a smile, "Just a bit of a mishap."
"I heard you didn't make it through the Orvin Team's evaluation. Doesn't seem like you."
"I had an accident right before the evaluation, missed it, not that I didn't pass."
Michel's eyes lit up, "Well, good timing. You should consider joining us at Reapers. If you want to go national, I won't stand in your way." "I'll think about it." Lemira was still undecided.
"I've got a friend over there; let me go say hi. I'll be back to convince you."
With a glass of wine in hand, Michel walked away.
Lemira made her way into the hall, only to be greeted by Clara's shrill voice, "Lemira, you've got some thick skin showing up here today!" Lemira stopped in her tracks and looked at Clara, "If you can be here, why can't I?"
"Of course I can be here, but not
someone like you. This party's
invited a lot of social media
dal
influencers, to keep the standards high. So, if you're not part of our
club, you shouldn't be here. 
Then came Jackson, striding over, "Lemira, if only you knew. If you regret it now, just kneel and apologize to me publicly!"
"Speaking of which, you lost last time and still haven't knelt to apologize to me!"
Jackson's face faltered, but Clara quickly jumped in, "Lemira, get lost already. I don't even know how you sneaked in!"
Lemira snorted, "I walked in fair and square, not sneaking in."
Clara raised her voice mockingly, "You don't even have an invitation! How is that not sneaking?"
"Who says I don't have an invitation?"
Hearing Lemira's reply, Clara burst into laughter, covering her mouth.
"Jackson, Lemira actually has the nerve to claim she has an invitation. I've never seen anyone so shameless."
Jackson looked down from his pedestal, "Lemira, heard you come from a poor family, I'd bet you don't even know what an invitation looks like!" "Yeah, where's security? Get this shameless woman out of here!"
Clara, looking at Lemira, felt her anger was eventually vented.
The last time Lemira called her out for carrying a fake designer bag had been utterly humiliating. Today, she was determined to settle the score. 
Lemira glanced at the security, pulled up her phone, and showed them the invitation link, "Here's my invitation!"
The security took a look and respectfully said, "My apologies for the interruption. Please, go right in!"
Clara was utterly stunned at this, "What do you mean? Lemira can't possibly have an invitation!"
Jackson furrowed his brows,
"Exactly, I'm certain that Lemira isn't
part of our club. She has no right to be here, let alone having an invitation." 
###Chapter 288
"Yeah, the folks who got invitation to today's party are all high-flying social media stars. Who's she?"
Jackson had an aha moment, "Lemira's invite link was a fake. She's a whiz with computers. Faking an invite link? Piece of cake for her!" The security was torn again, especially since Jackson, the captain of the team, had certain credibility.
But Lemira just glanced at Jackson and Clara, "Watching you two jump around in panic is honestly more entertaining than I care to admit!" "Lemira, deep down, you must be scared, right? How on earth did you get an invitation? You're no social media influencer!"
Lemira let out a half-smile, "And why can't I be a social media influencer?"
Jackson burst into sneers, "If you're a social media star, I'll eat my hat!"
Hearing this, Lemira just laughed, "Remember, you said it."
That was when Michel walked up, "Ms. Langston, everyone's been waiting for you. What's holding you up at the entrance?"
Calmly, Lemira replied, "Someone's questioning my authenticity, claiming my invitation's a fake."
Michel turned to Jackson, his tone harsh, "Are you nuts or what? Who'd bother faking these invitations? Social media stars all know each other!"
"Michel, I was just concerned about the integrity of our event. Lemira isn't one of us, let alone a social media star. We can't let her sneak in!"
Jackson knew Michel and tried to suck up, dreaming of joining the Reapers but never getting the chance.
Michel cursed out loud, "Who said she's not a social media star?"
Jackson was petrified upon hearing Michel's words, "How's that possible?"
But if Michel said so, could Lemira really be a newly famous social media star? That didn't add up!
Wasn't Lemira from a struggling background?
Michel didn't mince his words,
"Jackson, with brains like yours,
trying to make it in this industrnet
you
wouldn't know what's hot if ithit you
in the face!" 
Jackson was verbally smacked down, not daring to retort, fearing he'd make a bad impression on Michel.
Yet Clara defended Jackson, "What kind of social media star is Lemira supposed to be?"
"Shut it. Michel has confirmed Lemira's identity. You have no right to talk here."
Jackson snapped at Clara. Didn't she realize Michel wasn't someone to mess with?
Clara, unaccustomed to such treatment, teared up, "I was just speaking up for you!"
Michel looked at Lemira, "Let's go. Some people just are blind about what's right in front of them."
Lemira turned to Jackson, "But didn't someone say they'd eat their hat if my invite was real? Time to chow down!"
Jackson's face turned even sourer
than if he'd actually had to eat it. He probably never expected
press it further. Content emelet
Clara tried to intervene, "Lemira, don't you think you're being a bit harsh? He was just speaking randomly."
"Harsh? When you two were
imperious and aggressive, ready to
ask the security to throw me out,
was that not harsh? Oh, I see how
you act with double standard.
It's
fine for you to treat others that way, but not the other way around!" 
MS
Lemira's sharp retort left Jackson speechless. With everyone watching, Jackson felt his dignity hurt.
Clara, though begrudgingly, said, "But making him eat his hat, isn't that a bit much?"
"How about this then? You eat it for him. Same difference!"
###Chapter 289
Clara's face changed drastically. No way, she would never do that!
Lemira's expression turned icy, "What, is Jackson chickening out now? Well, he doesn't have to eat his hat, but there's an alternative." Jackson visibly relaxed, "Okay, what's your idea?"
"Just stand at the entrance and shout three times, 'Lemira, I'm sorry, I'm a dumbass.' Then we'll call it even."
She wasn't a saint, and she determined to have the last word. But Jackson balked at the idea.
Michel sneered, "Jackson, I didn't realize you were such a coward!"
Red-faced with embarrassment, Jackson eventually stood at the entrance, yelling, "Lemira, I'm sorry, I'm a dumbass!"
Lemira captured the moment on her phone, and then walked into the hall with Michel, leaving Jackson looking striking sour.
Clara, always one to stir the pot, whispered, "Jackson, there's gotta be something fishy between Lemira and that guy. Why else would he defend her?"
"You might be onto something. I mean, I practically know all the influencers around, and Lemira? Never heard of her before!" Jackson spat, "Lemira, that witch, I'll make her pay soon."
"Exactly, we can expose her on spot. After all, she's not even an influencer, just clinging to men to get ahead. The real deal influencers will definitely shun her."
Clara was already picturing Lemira ostracized and humiliated. As Jackson and Clara plotted against Lemira, they moved deeper into the venue.
Janice, overhearing, glanced at the guest list. The only anonymous host was SweetLemon. Could that be Lemira?
She pulled out her phone and texted Lemira. [Clara and Jackson are plotting to expose and revenge on you. Be careful.]
Lemira read the message, a cold smile playing on her lips. "Looks like some people never learn," she thought.
Standing with Michel, she mingled with other prominent influencers from PixelStage.
"Ms. Lemon, you've streamed less since the semester started, even missed your weekend stream. I heard you got injured?"
"Yes, had a car accident, but thankfully, nothing serious."
Lemira's forehead was covered with a band-aid, hiding the stitches.
"I heard the Everhart heir also had a car accident while out with his new flame, but it got hushed up pretty quickly. Not many people know about this." "Yeah, that Orvin heir is so low-key. Wonder which lucky lady caught his eye."
The gossip piqued Lemira's interest. The Everhart heir? She recalled a call from the Sinclair family's lawyer mentioning him!
In her previous life, Lemira had
heard of him, but the Langstons and the Everhart heir were worlds apart, not in the same league and never crossed paths. 
Stirring trouble for the Langstons seemed appealing, especially if it kept Asher from targeting Maple Group.
Michel, though, looked at Lemira thoughtfully, "Do you know the Everhart heir?"
"I've heard of him, but me knowing the Everhart heir? Hardly possible."
Yet Michel remained skeptical. What a coincidence both Lemira and Orion suffered car accidents. He remembered seeing Lemira with Orion in Lyria. Could he have been mistaken? 
As the event kicked off, Michel took the stage, "Welcome, everyone, to this speciakevent. PixelStage has always had a great relationship with Orvin Team, which is why we're hosting here. We've got a fun game lined up. Members of the university clubs can challenge our game streamers. Winners will get a prize!" 
###Chapter 290
Lemira took a sip of her beverage, catching Jackson and Clara staring at her from across the room. The smirk in her eyes deepened; she had a hunch about what they were plotting. Sure enough, Clara soon raised her hand, "Our team captain here wants to challenge Lemira!"
Jackson remained silent, but his smug expression said it all.
Michel hesitated, "I'd personally recommend you pick someone else."
Against Lemira, the whole base team combined wouldn't stand a chance.
"Why switch? The rules say we can pick any popular streamer, right? Or is Lemira too chicken to accept the challenge?" Clara taunted with a triumphant grin.
Lemira laughed, replying, "Challenge accepted!"
Michel grabbed the microphone, "Well, if someone's looking to get schooled, let's get this game started."
Of all people, they had to pick the strongest!
Lemira sat down at the computer, noticing Jackson had gathered his team.
Jackson spoke up, "Didn't you say you'd take on our whole team by yourself? You bailed last weekend, and we don't know why. If you're scared now, just say so and forfeit!"
After hearing those words, the streamers around Lemira couldn't help but laugh out loud.
What were they laughing at? Jackson wondered, feeling out of the loop. This was a sure loss for Lemira!
One of the streamers behind Lemira chimed in, "Ms. Lemon, let me join in. I'd love to learn a thing or two from you."
"I've got this on my own."
She didn't want to give Jackson and his crew any excuses. This time, she was determined to make Jackson admit defeat wholeheartedly!
Despite Jackson's growing unease, he led his team into the battle. 1 against 5, the odds were against Lemira.
Yet, she confidently chose the gunner she was adept at playing.
Once the game started, Lemira took the high ground. As Jackson's team made their move, she began to critique, "There are some problems about your team's spread. Your vanguard's too far ahead, easy pickings." Jackson scoffed, "Cut the chatter."
But the next second, Lemira took out the vanguard with a single shot.
Her lips curled into a cold sneer, "Look, told you so. Why didn't you take cover?"
Frustrated, Jackson turned to his fallen teammate, "Are you kidding me? Why didn't you dodge?"
"Hey,
You should be changing your strategy. I'm a gunner, after combat's not my forte!"
strot the time for blame.
all, close
belongs to en.kikistori cent
"Lemira, shut it!"
Undeterred, Lemira eliminated the team's medic next.
She continued, "Your assassin's next. No point in hiding; come out and try to take me down. How else will you win?"
The assassin panicked, "If I come out, I'm dead!"
"Correct. But you're dead if you hide too. Found you, goodbye!"
Lemiraoke, she'd eliminate
out the assassin. Each
of Ja team members, elast
haunting them like a devil. 
Now, only Jackson remained. He was in total despair, having underestimated Lemira's prowess. Could it be she never cheated?
"I told you, you're not cut out for this role. Game over!"
Lemira approached Jackson and swiftly took him out, barely meeting any resistance from his side.
Jackson stared at his screen, his face pale and sweaty, "This can't be happening!"
Clara screamed, "Lemira, you must have cheated again!" There was no way she was this good!
Smirk was written all over Michel's face,
ckson, did you even
the freaking guest list? Do you eve o
know who Lemira is?"
belongs to en.kikistori
Jackson stuttered, "W-Who is she, exactly?"
Could it be that Lemira was a gaming legend in disguise?
###Chapter 291
"She's SweetLemon." Michel slammed the guest list into Jackson's face, "Can't you read? The name is right there!"
Around Lemira, the online influencers started their mocking chorus.
"Is the team captain dumb? The only streamer who never shows her face is Lemira!"
"Right? Heard someone saying Lemira didn't make it through the team's evaluation. What kind of joke is that? Are these tests tougher than making it to the national team?" "With Lemira's skills, she could outplay any of us easily. Failing a team test just shows something fishy's going on."
Jackson's hands were shaking as he read the name on the guest list.
Indeed, there was this streamer named SweetLemon, who didn't use a photo for her avatar. How could he have known it was Lemira?
Clara, still a bit resentful, said with a bitter tone, "Jackson, is this SweetLemon really that good? How come she doesn't even have her selfie?"
Jackson replied with a trembling voice, "Because she prefers not to reveal her identity. She's all about analyzing game strategies and tactics through her voice."
Now, SweetLemon ranked first in individual gaming skills, unbeaten. Her skill and experience were undeniable.
He himself had even learned from the techniques she shared online. But who the hell would have thought that SweetLemon was actually Lemira? Jackson felt like crying! Everyone around was shocked, not expecting Lemira to be an online sensation. And a talented one at that!
Clara became green with envy, "Without showing her face, who knows if it's really Lemira. Maybe someone's impersonating..."
Jackson, fed up, slapped her, "Shut your mouth, you fool."
If Michel said Lemira was who she was, then it must be true. Besides, Lemira's formidable skills were legit, not some cheat code! Seeing Jackson and Clara's dogfight, Lemira couldn't help but laugh, her gaze filled with scorn.
Clara, used to being superior, just got slapped by Jackson, a first for her family's only child. She burst out crying, fighting back against Jackson, "You jerk, you said you'd
Me right forever just last night
at bed. How dare you hit me? My parents never even did!" 
Lemira was shocked by Clara's words! Jackson the scumbag, moving on that fast?
Clara was crying and making a scene, while Jackson was utterly embarrassed, pushing her to the ground, "What are you talking about? When did I sleep with you? Where's the proof?" en FindNovel
Clara, despite her tantrums, was still a girl. She never expected this jerk to
deny everything publicly. How to
could
she provide evidence for something so intimate? 
Jackson coldly said, "It's always been you trying to chase me, wanting to join the team through me. I've never agreed. And now you're framing me?" "Jackson, you're a bastards! It was my first time last night!" Clara was devastated.
Janice couldn't stand by, walking over to help Clara up, "Jackson, Clara didn't come back to the dorm last night. I can vouch she was with you."
"I did have dinner with her last night, but we went our separate ways after. Who knows who she spent the night with?"
Clara burst into tears, "Jackson, you're heartless, a real scumbag!"
Jackson straightened his clothes, "I'm just telling the truth. I've seen too many girls like you, don't try to smear me!" Janice stood by Clara, preventing another confrontation, knowing the latter couldn't beat a jerk like Jackson. Lemira looked on with disgust, appalled at Jackson's level of shamelessness. Truly revolting!
###Chapter 292
She couldn't imagine how many girls Jackson had fooled with his tricks!
Michelle spoke up directly, "Jackson, you better watch out before karma catches up with you."
"Michelle, I swear I'm telling the truth, it's always them making the first move, not me," Jackson defended himself but then turned to Lemira with a hint of eagerness. "I had no idea you were SweetLemon! Why didn't you say something earlier? Our team could really use someone like you!"
"I refuse to join. It's too messy for my taste!" Lemira didn't hide her disdain towards Jackson, "Unless you leave the team, then maybe I'll consider it."
Jackson's face soured in an instant, but he dared not retort. Lemira was not someone he could afford to offend now.
Other popular streamers approached Lemira and said, "Ms. Lemon, let's have a friendly match. We've never had the chance before, and today seems like the perfect opportunity."
"And me, I've been stuck on that technical issue you mentioned before. Can you help me take a look?"
Soon, Lemira found herself surrounded by streamers, all eager to challenge her.
Jackson watched from a distance, not daring to get any closer. He regretted not pursuing her more seriously now that he knew how renowned she was.
After all, fooling college girls had always been too easy for him.
Clara, watching Lemira bask in the spotlight, felt a mix of jealousy and anger. She had always looked down on Lemira, thinking of her as a country bumpkin, and now she was the one being humiliated! Janice whispered, "Let's head to the infirmary; you're hurt."
Clara glanced at Jackson unwittingly, but the latter didn't pay her any attention, leaving her no choice but to slink away.
After mingling with the crowd, Lemira felt her mood lighten. A girl from the club mustered the courage to approach her, "Lemira, could I get a picture with you?" "Sure."
After Lemira agreed, the rest of the club members eagerly lined up for photos with her.
Soon, pictures of Lemira were all over the college forum: SweetLemon, the famous streamer, turned out to be freshman Lemira!
The post quickly gained popularity, especially since Lemira had previously managed to lock so many people's phones, a feat unparalleled in history.
After the event, Michelle approached
Lemira again, "I'm inviting you to join the Reapers once more. It won't interfere with your chance to join the national team!" 
"Alright, I'll think about it."
Having Jackson in the team made Lemira hesitant to join the base team. It just felt messy to her. Michelle felt a bit happier, thinking Jackson finally did something worthwhile. 
Once back at the dorm, Lemira fell asleep soon. The next day, Lemira was woken up by Clara's crying.
"Clara, maybe we should call the police."
"No, he took n*** pictures and videos of me. If I report him, he'd threaten to share them with our classmates."
Clara was inconsolable.
Lemira, unable to fall back asleep, got up, yawning, and headed to the bathroom.
Clara glanced at Lemira and said spitefully, "Unless someone can hack into that jerk's phone and delete those photos and videos!" Lemira was the only one capable, but she headed straight for the bathroom, ignoring Clara.
Realizing Lemira wasn't responding,
Clara felt both frustrated and
panicked. When Lemira returned, Clara's tone was accusatory, "Lemira, clearly you heard me. Why didn't you say anything?" 
Why didn't she offer assistance? Given Lemira's unequalled hacking skills, she surely could succeed.
Lemira calmly replied, "Do I look like a saint to you?"
###Chapter 293
Lemira glanced at Clara. Why on earth should she feel obligated to help?
With a nonchalant tone, she said, "Have you already forgotten what happened at the party yesterday? What you did and said to me?" She wasn't some pushover!
Clara suddenly felt guilty, "I...I was fooled by that jerk, that's all."
"Alright, how is that my problem? It's not like he spread a n*** picture of me!"
If it had been her compromising photo, Clara would probably have been broadcasting it far and wide by now.
These days, some people just thought it was only right for others to sacrifice for them! Lemira wasn't one to indulge such behavior!
Clara, overwhelmed, grabbed Janice, hoping the latter would intervene.
Janice replied in a low voice, "You were out of line yesterday. Maybe you should just apologize to Lemira."
It didn't make sense to bully Lemira one day and then expect her help the next. There was no logic in it!
Hearing this, Clara cried even louder. She didn't want to humble herself and apologize to Lemira. She had always been the one with the highest pride in their dorm, always looking down on Lemira. And yet, the very Lemira she looked down upon had somehow become a popular internet streamer!
Clara couldn't stand this fact; it was a hard pill to swallow. Now, asking her to beg Lemira's help was beyond her capability!
Woken up by the noise and unable to go back to sleep, Lemira headed to the library, intending to borrow some books to catch up on her studies.
Having experienced much in her past life, she had grown somewhat distant from academic pursuits and now felt the need to make up for lost time.
After grabbing some books and sitting down, Lemira noticed a lot of people sneaking glances at her. When she looked back, they quickly averted their eyes, as if afraid of making eye contact. Before long, a girl shyly passed her a note, "I'm your huge fan, can I have your autograph?"
Lemira obliged, signing on the notebook the girl had prepared. But soon, more fans approached, and Lemira, worrying about disturbing others, decided to leave the library. 
en FindNovel
"Lemira, could we talk?"
Lemira turned to see two girls approaching her, recognized as official members of the school team. They had defended her after she had confronted Jackson.
One of the girls hesitated before speaking, "Would you consider running for the team captain?"
"Me?"
"Yes, you're really talented. And you know what Jackson is like; he's caused trouble for many girls, but no one dared to stand up to him. If you were Captain, things like that wouldn't happen." 
"With you as our captain, Lemira, I believe our team can reach new heights."
Lemira pondered for a moment, "But I haven't heard anything about the election."
"I plan to report Jackson. Seeing Clara hurt by that jerk, I've been regretting the entire night. If I had stood up sooner, perhaps no girls would suffer."
"Once the school starts an
investigation, he'll be removed from
his position. There'll surely be an election then, and with your current popularity, you're a shoo-in! 
Gazing at the two girls' firm expression, Lemira felt touched. Indeed, girls were the most adorable beings in the world.
Initially Lemira was reluctant to join the club because of Jackson, but now that Jackson would be dismissed, it couldn't be any better.
Nodding, she agreed, "Alright, if there's anything I can do to help, just let me know."
The girls smiled, "Don't worry, we've already gathered enough evidence."
Lemira stepped outside the school, grabbed some snacks, and contemplated taking up self-defense classes!
###Chapter 294
She knew she was in for a tough ride with all these enemies. If she couldn't hold her own, she'd be at a real disadvantage.
"Hey, gorgeous, ever thought about joining our gym? We've got a sweet deal since we just opened."
Lemira's eyes were drawn to a flyer on the gym's window showcasing boxing classes.
"Can you teach me that?" she pointed at the boxing image.
"Sure thing. Our gym's owner is a pro boxer himself. It's perfect for ladies looking to learn some self-defense."
"That's the one I want."
Following the guy into the gym, she noticed it was pretty empty.
The owner was a middle-aged man, "You're quite slender; no need to lose weight. But you can work on getting yourself stronger." Lemira cut straight to the chase, "I want to learn how to defend myself, the kind where I can actually fight back!"
The owner hesitated, "Young lady, are you looking to get into fights?"
"I'll pay double the price!"
"It's not about the money."
"I'm also a streamer with a million followers. I could bring you tons of new customers."
The owner coughed, "Well, it's true that it wouldn't hurt for a girl to know a few self-defense moves. When do you want to start?"
"Today!"
Lemira knew she had no time to waste; she needed to get stronger.
Initially, she just wanted to live her life peacefully, but circumstances forced her hand. It was time to eliminate the obstacles in her path. After a grueling session, Lemira was sprawled out on the floor, resting.
The owner observed her, "Have you always been this strong?"
"Yeah. I've been pretty strong since I was a kid."
"Well, you've got a real knack for boxing."
Lemira wiped away her sweat. And as she went back, her legs trembled with every step. It was truly exhausting!
When she returned to her dorm, Clara was still in tears, having skipped dinner which Janice had brought back.
After a shower, Lemira crashed into bed, completely oblivious to Clara's crying.
The next day, every muscle in her body screamed in protest. On her way to class, she bumped into a group from the Business School. 
Evelina wasn't there, but an all-too-familiar face was. Dorian approached her with a soda can in hand, "I hear you've been acting tough while I was away. Even tried to push Eve off the rooftop yesterday?" 
novel.ne
The crowd around them was intrigued. Did Lemira have an acquaintance with the Business School students? After all, Susanna had been taken away for bullying and no sign of coming back; things had seemed to calm down. Now, someone was confronting Lemira again. Was she really just an ordinary freshman?
Facing Dorian's accusation, Lemira remained calm, "Got any proof?"
"So, without proof, it wasn't you?"
"Or else?"
Lemira took the unopened can from Dorian, twisted it effortlessly into a twisted metal sculpture, and drenched Dorian in soda. Staring at Lemira's hand, Dorian stepped back in fright. Could this girl really crush a can with her bare hands?
Lemira handed the twisted can back to him, "Consider this a warning. Next time, it won't be this easy."
She patted Dorian's shoulder, wiping her hands clean of the soda, and strutted through the crowd.
Her expression was stoic, a band-aid on her forehead adding an unintended fierceness. Nobody dared block her path.
As Lemira walked away, Dorian,
furious and humiliated, threw the et
vel.
can after her as he glared at Lemira's retreating figure, "You better stop right there!" 
###Chapter 295
Lemira raised her hand just in time to deflect the soda can, which then ricocheted right back at Dorian's face.
"Damn it, my nose! Lemira, do you have a freaking death wish?!"
Dorian clutched his nose, tears streaming down his face from the pain.
Lemira turned around, a picture of innocence, and retorted, "You can curse at my living family, but you can't curse me!"
With that, she walked away. Dorian wanted to chase after her to settle the score, but his nose hurt too much.
"Dorian, who exactly is this Lemira chick? She's that hot streamer from PixelStage!"
"I just found out yesterday she's actually SweetLemon, my idol! And to think, my idol was right here all along!"
"Oh man, does Lemira hate everyone from the Business School? Is it too late for me to drop out?"
After all, not everyone at the Business School had beef with Lemira. It was Susanna who stirred the pot, claiming Lemira looked down on the Business School, which led to them ostracizing Lemira!
But given how badass Lemira was, maybe she wasn't totally wrong.
However, Dorian was in a foul mood, especially after he had confessed his love to Lemira who had turned him down. He couldn't let that go.
He was determined to make things work with Evelina, just to show Lemira what she missed out on! But first, he needed to head to the hospital; his nose felt broken.
Lemira, that violent woman, was nothing like the gentle Evelina!
---
Lemira went to class, taking her usual spot in the front row.
As classmates trickled in, their views on Lemira had shifted. Her confrontation with those stuck-up Business School students was epic!
Lemira sensed the change in their gazes but didn't care. After class, she received a message from one of those two girls earlier. [Sorry, Lemira, I couldn't do what I promised about the team captain position. It's falling through.] Lemira called back immediately, "What happened? Is it a lack of evidence?"
"There's enough evidence, but Jackson has the Sinclairs backing him. I can't compete with that. I'm giving up."
Lemira's eyes hardened, "Wait, I'll come right over."
Lemira packed her things and went to see the girl. Seeing that girl's red-rimmed eyes, Lemira asked, "What did they say?"
"The Sinclairs threatened my
parents. If don't tell the school the information is fake, my parents could lose their jobs, even face jail time. My sister is still in school; I can't risk it." en FindNovel
"Jackson got the Sinclairs involved?"
Lemira remembered how Jackson had been sucking up to Susanna back at the base, assuming it was just because Susanna was from the Business School.
"The Sinclairs have always invested in the base's team operations. They also use the base's fund for money laundering. As the captain, Jackson knows about this." That explained why the Sinclairs wanted to protect Jackson.
Lemira thought for a moment and said, "Pull back the documents for now. I have a plan."
"Lemira, the Sinclair family is not something you can just confront. Let's just drop it. I don't want to drag you into this."
"No, I've had my issues with the Sinclairs for a while now. It has nothing to do with you."
Lemira returned to her dorm,
realizing that the Sinclairs liked to use family members as leverage. But as for her "official" family
members, well, a little trouble
wouldn't hurt! 
As Lemira approached the dorm's entrance, she noticed a crowd gathered outside, with candles and flowers laid out. Seemed like someone was planning a romantic gesture. Lemira skirted around the crowd, but then everyone's eyes turned to her.
Jackson, holding flowers, made a beeline towards her. Lemira, sensing his intention, felt a twitch in her temple. It couldn't be what she thought, could it?
These days, it seemed there was no limit to how low some jerks could stoop! Both scummy and overconfident!
Jackson, with what he believed was
a charming smile, said, "Lemira, truth be told, I've had a crush on you since the day we met. But I was too scared to confess, so I did things to make you mad, just to get your attention. But I can't hold it in anymore. I want to be honest with you now, Lemira. Will you be my
girlfriend?" 
###Chapter 296
After Jackson finished his speech, the crowd around them started to egg them on.
"Say yes, say yes!"
Lemira couldn't help but find the whole situation amusing.
"Lemira, you have a beautiful smile. I promise to make you happy for the rest of your life."
Lemira glanced at the bouquet in front of her and reached out to take it. Seeing Lemira accept the flowers, Jackson's face lit up with joy, "Let's go grab a bite. I've reserved a table at a fancy steakhouse." He always thought college freshmen were easy to woo - a simple confession, and they'd be all touched.
Lemira, holding the bouquet, suddenly swung it hard across Jackson's face. The flowers shattered, and the thorns of the roses left a scratch on Jackson's face!
Lemira's eyes flashed coldly, "Jackson, did you even look in the mirror before you left the house today? With that ugly face, you dare to confess?"
Jackson's face turned livid, but he quickly recovered, "Lemira, I'm sincere. I know there have been issues between us, but it was all to get your attention. I'll accept whatever makes you feel better!" Lemira almost gagged, "Stop, don't say another word, you're making me nauseous."
Jackson's lips twitched, "Lemira, I'll show you my true heart!"
The onlookers started to chime in again.
"Lemira, Jackson's a local from Orvin, comes from a well-off family."
"Yeah, Lemira, for someone from out of town like you, marrying Jackson could mean settling down here."
"Jackson's quite picky, him falling for you is your good fortune."
Upon hearing these, Jackson felt a surge of confidence. To him, girls from small towns like Lemira usually didn't catch his eye.
If it weren't for Lemira's gaming skills, he wouldn't have pursued her! Jackson lowered his voice, "Lemira, you've also angered the Sinclairs. If you're with me, I can plead with the Sinclairs on your behalf!"
Lemira scoffed, so it was about the
Sinclairs again. She looked at Jackson, "You want me to see your trueheart, right? Does that mean you'll do anything I ask?" 
"Yes, exactly!"
Lemira extended her foot, "Then kneel down and lick my shoes, and I might consider your sincerity!"
Jackson's expression froze, "Lemira, my love for you is as clear as day, don't joke about it." "I'm not joking. You said you're so into me, right? Can't even fulfill such a small request?" Lemira's eyes were filled with mockery, "Then it seems your so-called sincerity is worthless." Lemira thought Jackson must be delusional to believe every girl would fall for this act.
She smacked the flowers against Jackson's face, "Get lost, and don't forget to clean up the trash, yourself included!" Turning, Lemira headed back to her dorm.
Clara and Janice had already
returned, with a bunch of snacks laid
out on the table. Clara stood up,
cautiously looking at her, "I bought some snacks, wanna try some?" en FindNovel
IMS
"No need." Lemira coldly refused.
Unwarranted kindness often had ulterior motives, and she knew what Clara was up to but had no interest in playing the fool.
Biting her lip, Clara looked helplessly
towards danice, who was forced to
mediate, "Lemira, we're all
roommates after all. Could you maybe do Clara a favor? She realizes her mistake." 
Lemira flatly refused, "I'm busy."
Seeing Lemira's strong stance, Clara reluctantly apologized, "Lemira, I admit I was out of line before. I'm sorry, it's my fault!" Lemira didn't even spare Clara a glance.
Feeling her dignity hurt, Clara was irked, "Lemira, I've apologized. What more do you want?"
It was just a small favor, yet Lemira was making such a fuss! Typical country bumpkin behavior!
###Chapter 297
Lemira turned back to look at Clara, "But I don't accept guilt-tripping!"
What did she mean, 'I've apologized, what more do you want?' She'd grown up hearing this kind of talk in the Langston family all her life!
"Lemira, how is this guilt-tripping? I've already apologized. I just asked for a tiny favor, and here you are, acting all high and mighty. Who are you trying to impress?"
Clara, an only child raised in the city, had always been pampered and rarely had to plead for anything. She had already lowered her pride enough, what more did Lemira want? "For you to see," replied Lemira calmly. What was she going to do?
Clara instantly burst into tears, turning to Janice to vent, "This is all your fault, Janice, giving me such a terrible idea to apologize to Lemira!"
Fuming, Clara sat down and started scrolling through her phone, only to come across a Facebook post showing Jackson confessing his feelings for Lemira with flowers in hand. Upon seeing this, Clara exploded, "So that's why you won't help, Lemira! You've been hooking up with Jackson behind my back, haven't you?"
Janice, confused, chimed in, "Clara, what are you talking about?"
There was no way Lemira was with Jackson!
"I'm not making this up. Look at Facebook. Jackson just confessed to Lemira outside the dorm."
Clara, who had lowered herself for unworthy guys without receiving any grand gestures like Jackson's confession, boiled with rage. Why did Lemira deserve this?
The more she thought about it, the angrier she got, her tone venomous, "So that's why Lemira deliberately wouldn't help. She's nothing but a tramp, with no parents to teach her manners!" Lemira, in response, slapped Clara.
Clara screamed, "How dare you hit me!"
"You can insult me, you can insult those living family of mine, but you will not insult my deceased parents!"
"Lemira, you dare say there's nothing between you and Jackson?"
Lemira sneered, "Jackson, that trash? I wouldn't even glance his way, only feel disgusted. Only you would stoop so low as to sleep with someone like him. Did you really think everyone is as blind as you?" "Lemira, I'm going to kill you! You small-town hick, who do you think you are, acting so arrogant?"
Clara was on the verge of madness. Why wouldn't Lemira help her? How could she so easily get everything she wanted!
Lemira pushed Clara away, "If you're asking for a favor, act like it. Enough with the guilt-tripping."
"I did ask you!"
"Just because you asked, should I oblige? Ridiculous!"
Especially when Clara's way of
et [are]
wels
asking was so condescending, as if Lemira was.obligated to help. She had been subjected to this kind of hijacking of morality by the Langstons all her life, and now s despised it more than anything! 
she
Lemira changed into her workout gear and left the dorm to head to the gym for some boxing practice.
As Clara watched Lemira's departing figure, her eyes reddened with hatred, "If you're going to be ruthless, Lemira, don't blame me for what comes next." Wiping away her tears, Clara immediately called Jackson.
[Jackson, I can help you win over Lemira, but you'll need to delete all the videos and photos of me from your phone!]
Jackson, dejected after being turned
away from the dorm, harbored deep resentment towards Lemira. As he pondered his next move, Clara's offer seemed like a golden opportunity. 
"Deal!"
Seeing Jackson's reply, Clara glared at Lemira's bed with vengeance, "Since you laughed at me for being used by that jerk, I'll let you experience how I felt!" She was determined to destroy Lemira. To ensure Lemira could never hold her head high again.
Janice overheard this from aside, "Clara, this isn't right."
"Shut up, Janice. Lemira forced my hand. Didn't you see how she lorded over us? I will ruin her!"
A cold smile spread across Clara's face, as if she could already envision Lemira's downfall. But Janice was left deep in thought, worried that Clara's actions would only drag her further down. 
Meanwhile, Lemira continued her training at the gym, unleashing her frustration on the punching bag.
###Chapter 298
The sight of Jackson's smug face made her so nauseous she couldn't even stomach her dinner.
What a classic jerk!
After a grueling workout session, Lemira trudged back to her dorm, exhausted to the bone. All she wanted was a hot shower and a good night's sleep.
Timing her return perfectly, Lemira went to fill her cup, only to find the water cooler bone dry. Licking her parched lips, she regretted not picking up some water on her way back. "Lemira, I got some soda. Have some."
Clara extended a bottle towards her. Lemira glanced at it but didn't take it.
Anxious, Clara said, "Lemira, I admit I was out of line this afternoon. Please, let's not fight over this."
Taking the bottle, Lemira twisted it open but halted at Clara's hopeful gaze.
Tsk! She put the bottle back down.
Clara was visibly nervous, "Lemira, why aren't you drinking? Are you still mad at me?"
"If you apologize now, Clara, maybe there's still a chance."
"But Lemira, I already apologized."
Grabbing the bottle, Lemira forced it to Clara's lips, "Then you drink it."
"Lemira..."
Clara struggled as if it was poison. Lemira released her, while the latter rushed aside, trying to spit it out.
Lemira watched coldly, "What's wrong? Is the soda poisoned?"
Coughing, Clara sneered, "Even if you don't drink it, you won't escape today!" Her eyes brimmed with malicious smile.
That was when the bathroom door on the balcony swung open. Out came Jackson, in a dress and wig, obviously sneaking in disguised as a woman!
Jackson eyed Lemira, "You acted all high and mighty today, didn't you? Dare ask me to lick your shoeschuh? Later I'll let you lick something for me." 
Clara's laugh was sinister, "Right, we'll record it. Then, she will have to listen to us."
Lemira would be destroyed like her. She was eager to see how Lemira deserved the school goddess once turning into a s***!
Jackson approached Lemira, "Better just submit, and sleep with me. Otherwise, I'm not above hitting a woman!"
Lemira stepped back before launching a powerful punch straight at Jackson's face. He was dazed by the blow.
With a swift kick, Lemira sneered,
get
"For someone like you, even you go to do p*** and no one would spare you a glance, so repulsive and sleazy you are!" 
Jackson nearly passed out, furiously getting up, "You'll pay for this, Lemira!"
Lemira directly stomped on him, dragging him to the dorm door and throwi him out! As he lay in the hallway, panic washed over hv &itent belongs to
face.
"Everyone, come out! There's a creep in disguise sneaking into our dorm! Let's get him!" Lemira shouted.
Terrified, Jackson scrambled towards the stairs. Lemira didn't hesitate; she kicked him again, sending him tumbling down the stairs.
At the time, girls emerged to see a man clad in a dress and wig. They took out brooms while some filming the spectacle with their phone. Jackson tried to cover his face, "Stop filming, I'm telling you to freaking stop it! Didn't you hear me?"
"Well, look at the nerve on this creep. He seems familiar."
"I know him, he's the captain of the college team, Jackson."
"Damn, always looked so respectable. Turns out he's a total freak!"
Attempting to flee after hearing the words, Jackson was again floored by Lemira.
Looking down at him, she commanded, "No one said you could get up. Crawl out of our dorm!"
Making everyone see the consequences of being a scumbag! It was a moment of vindication for all the girls who'd suffered because of him.
###Chapter 299
"Yes, crawl out!"
"Scum, freak!"
All the girls were hurling insults at Jackson, some even tossing trash bins his way.
At this moment, Jackson was mess, looking like he might have broken his leg, having no choice but to painfully crawl down the stairs!
Just then, the dorm keeper approached, "What's going on here? Why are you attacking him?"
As soon as Jackson saw the dorm keeper, he blurted out, "Lemira started it! She even called me a creep!"
The dorm keeper quickly clarified, "Jackson here was just participating in a drill. He's no creep!"
Realizing the situation, Lemira understood that the dorm keeper had been bribed. No wonder he managed to sneak in.
Suddenly, Clara, her face flushed, ran out and hugged Jackson's neck, "Jackson, didn't you say you were going to sneak into Lemira's room tonight and drug her to teach her a lesson? Why are you leaving?" Lemira could tell Clara was under the influence of whatever was in that bottle.
Lemira glared coldly at the dorm keeper, "There, that's the truth. Call the cops!"
As Lemira suggested calling the police, the dorm keeper loudly ed.
"No, we can't call the police! It's all a misunderstanding!"
The dorm keeper was also panicking; if the police were involved and made the matter more serious, it could mean the end of her job.
Clara shouted, "This is no misunderstanding. Jackson had plans for Lemira, that's why he did this. And it's not the first time he's done something like this, right? You've always turned a blind eye!" Clara, not in her right mind, was saying whatever came to her mind.
The dorm keeper went pale with fear, "You-you're talking nonsense, I had no idea about this."
"Stop spouting nonsense and get out of my way!"
Jackson forcefully pushed Clara away, threatening Lemira, "I won't let this go so easily!"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk, "Might as well save it for the cops."
And that was the end of it. Soon, police cars arrived at the dorm, and the officers detained Jackson as they got down, "You're coming with us."
"Let me go, I've been framed!"
Lemira scoffed, "Are you saying someone framed you into dressing up as a woman and sneaking into the girls' dorm at night?"
"I was participating in a drill and was able to get in with the dorm keeper's approval."
The dorm keeper quickly denied, "Don't talk nonsense, I-I didn't allow anything!"
By then, the dorm keeper couldn't admit to anything.
Regardless of what Jackson said
next, he was taken away by the police. Watching this unfold, Lemira's lips curled up slightly feeling justice had been served. 
However, the dorm keeper was terrified, confronting Lemira, "You and Jackson were a couple, why blow things up like this?"
"I have nothing to do with Jackson."
"No relation? But he confessed his feelings for you in broad daylight."
Lemira's reply was laced with scorn,
"So his confession makes us a couple? Don't try to slander me. You'd better worry about how you're going to explain to the manager about accepting bribes and letting boys into the girls' dorm."
The dorm keeper collapsed, realizing everything was over. That was when Janice led a round of applause, "Lemira did the right thing, she got rid of the evil!" "Right, I always knew Jackson was trouble. He's harmed a lot of girls."
At that moment, Lemira was surrounded by a wave of applause. She knew, justice would never be defeated!
Lemira gazed at the girls, "Everyone,
head back and rest. Remember to send the videos you took tonight to the school as evidence. Today, we all stand as witnesses. They might silence one of us, but they can't silence us all!" 
Today, they were all heroes. With that said, Lemira returned to her room. Soon after, Janice helped a visibly shaken Clara back.
###Chapter 300
Clara was still under the influence of the drug, but the moment she saw Jackson being escorted away by the police, reality hit her hard.
Fear took over, and Clara feigned confusion, too scared to face Lemira.
Lemira turned to Janice, "Thanks to you this time, we could get rid of that scumbag for good."
Otherwise, with the Sinclairs backing him, any attempt to report Jackson would have been met with threats from their side. Just like what happened to the girl in the school team.
Only by making a big scene like this could we ensure that the Sinclairs wouldn't dare to step in and protect him!
Janice sighed, "I really didn't do much. It's you who helped everyone!"
Suddenly, Clara opened her eyes wide and slapped Janice across the face, "So, it was you who tipped them off!"
Clara had always wondered why Lemira didn't drink the water she offered. It turned out Janice had leaked the information in advance.
Lemira quickly retaliated with a slap and splashed Clara's face with cold water. She grabbed Clara's chin firmly, "You should be grateful. Janice messaged me about your plan, but did you really think that you'd get away with this?" "Yes, Jackson promised he'd delete the videos he had of me!"
"Idiot, you actually believed that jerk? Janice called me about it, then asked me to do her a small favor, to delete the videos and photos Jackson had of you. That's the only way to put an end to this once and for all!" Clara froze upon hearing this. She hadn't considered this possibility since Lemira had refused to help her, leading her into despair.
Lemira let go, "Besides, who knows if Jackson had backups. Only the police could ensure everything is completely deleted!"
Clara burst into tears, "I...I was just so scared."
Lemira ignored Clara and took out her laptop, now determined to find evidence of Jackson laundering money for the Sinclairs. This was a perfect opportunity to leverage the Sinclair family.
The evidence the girl in the team had was all taken away under threats to her family by the Sinclairs. But Lemira was not afraid of their threats.
She hacked into Jackson's mobile, email, computer, and other accounts, saving all the data she could find.
Her actions were borderline illegal,
and she had nearly been caught by cyber police, but she saved
everything to sift through for
swnavel.n
evidence of money laundering later. 
en FindNovel
After closing her laptop, Lemira checked the news on her phone.
"Orvin University's women's dormitory was terrorized by a cross-dresser, chased down by students from the entire building!"
"Male disguised as a woman causes uproar in Orvin University's dorm, suspected to be the captain of the Orvin Team!"
It was trending, and not even the
Sinclairs could suppress this leve
attention. Lemira shared the news on Facebook, "What goes around, comes around!" 
Thaddeus quickly liked her post.
Orion called her shortly after. Lemira glanced at her dorm room before stepping out onto the balcony to answer, "How are you feeling?
Better?" 
"I'll be discharged from the hospital tomorrow. Discovering the p*** in your school's dorm, was that your doing?" "How did you know?"
"The videos. One of the shadows fiercely kicking was unmistakably yours."
Orion had seen the videos of the commotion in the Orvin University dorms, which were now viral.
But he recognized the silhouette as Lemira hit the man.
Lemira chuckled, "Dealing with perverts is everyone's duty."
"He didn't hurt you, did he?"
"No, he was beaten black and blue by everyone before the police took him away."
Orion's gaze enigmatic, yet his voice was still calm, "Is that all?" He suspected there was more to the story.
Looking up at the night sky, Lemira replied, "Yes, that's it."
After the car accident, he was nearly gone. She couldn't bear the thought of endangering him again. It was better to keep some distance.
###Chapter 301
Lemira wasn't eager to spill her guts to Orion. Their last encounter, over a surveillance footage fiasco, had almost spelled disaster for Orion.
This incident Jackson had the Sinclairs as his backing, and Lemira was hesitant to drag Orion back into the fray. He deserved a peaceful life back in Lyria. Her own battle with the Langstons was far from over. Peace was a luxury she couldn't afford.
Orion didn't press her, "It's getting late. You should get some rest."
After hanging up, the warmth in Orion's expression turned to ice. He tossed aside his phone, "Find out what's going on between that Jackson guy and Lemira." "She didn't tell you?"
"No."
"That's odd. Lemon used to rely on you and would tell you when something was up. Why didn't she tell you this time?"
Orion sensed the shift in Lemira's demeanor too. He had a hunch about what was going through her mind as he turned to Thaddeus, "Enough chit-chat. Get on it!" "No need to dig too deep, I checked the University's online forum. That Jackson's the captain of the Orvin Team, a notorious sleaze targeting freshmen. With Lemon's looks and gaming prowess, she caught his eye. He even tried to woo her outside her dorm this afternoon."
Seeing Orion's mood darken, Thaddeus quickly added, "But Lemon turned him down. Chances are, the jerk took it personally and bribed the dorm keeper to mess with her."
The chill in Orion's gaze deepened, his lips curling in a disturbing smile, sending shivers down people's spine.
"Take care of Jackson," he said, almost too casually.
Thaddeus hesitated before saying, "Lemon's quite capable on her own now. Maybe it's time to let her handle her battles. Jackson will get what's coming to him without your intervention." Orion's eyes drooped, "I know."
"If I hadn't been alert, Lemon would've been exposed by now. Sophia and your mother have been snooping around, trying to figure out who was in that car crash with you." Orion fell silent.
Outside the room, a middle-aged socialite overheard the conversation, her expression turning icy.
The door swung open. The socialite entered with a smile, "Orion, how are you feeling?"
"I'm getting discharged today, Mom."
"That's good to hear. I've made plans with Amelia for our families to dine together and discuss your future." Orion remained stoic, "Mom, I never agreed to an engagement with Susanna."
"You're not getting any younger, and the Sinclair family is well off. A good match. What's there to dislike?"
"Mom, I've got my life under control. Keep your distance from the Sinclair family. You wouldn't want to be the one left in a tight spot someday." 
Orion was firm.
Amanda was livid, "Is it because of that girl you were in the accident with? Is she why you're refusing to engage with Ms. Sinclair?"
"Even without her, I wouldn't engage with Susanna. Just drop it."
"Orion, you're becoming more defiant by the day. This isn't up to you."
The socialite stormed out of the room. Turning to the assistant aside, she demanded, "Find out everything about this Lemon. What's her deal?" 
How could that little vixen be of her son's league? She had to be dealt with, and soon.
The next day, rumors of a cross-dressing weirdo at Orvin University's women's dorm spread like wildfire.
---
Parents bombarded the school's
office with calls, demanding
explanations for the dorm keeper's glaring negligence and their daughters' safety. 
###Chapter 302
Lemira was enjoying a rare sleep-in when the shrill ring of her phone cut through the air. Glancing at the caller ID, she recognized it as possibly belonging to the Sinclair family's lawyer. She got up and walked over to the balcony, and answered the call.
"Lemira, this incident with Jackson - it was your orchestration, wasn't it? Taking on the Sinclairs so brazenly won't end well for you. It could even drag your family into this mess!" Family?
Lemira's voice was calm, "I didn't force Jackson to cross-dress into the girls' dorm. Besides, he gave me some dirt on the Sinclairs last night, begging for mercy."
The lawyer's tone edged into panic, "Do you really expect me to believe that?"
"Believe it or not, that's your problem."
Lemira hung up squarely, a smirk spreading across her face. She had said it on purpose, knowing full well the Sinclairs would stir trouble for Jackson. She had no intention of letting that scumbag off easy.
Scrolling through her phone, she saw that last night's dorm incident had exploded online. Everyone was talking about it, and given Jackson's role as captain of the Orvin Team, it had even caught the gaming community's eye - unsurprisingly, he was the one getting flamed.
Lemira decided to sift through the data she'd gotten from Jackson the night before on her computer, looking for evidence of the Sinclairs' money laundering. That would keep them from acting rashly.
Soon, there was a knock on the door. Janice opened it to find a few female teachers stepping in, "We heard about last night's incident here, so we wanted to ask what exactly happened?"
Lemira closed her laptop. She noticed Clara hiding under her bed canopy, probably too guilty to speak up.
Janice was the first to speak, "We had no idea someone was hiding in the bathroom. He just burst out suddenly. Turns out he'd bribed the dorm keeper to sneak in."
The teachers turned to Lemira, "Is that so?"
Just as Lemira, unperturbed, was about to respond, Clara abruptly threw back her curtain, her eyes red and puffy as if a ghost.
Speaking in a hoarse whisper, Clara
said, "That's exactly what happened. And Jackson hid in our room because he was bitter about being rejected by Lemira. It's got nothing to do with the rest of us." 
Janice's expression darkened, "Clara, do you even hear yourself?"
Clara shrank back, "But it's true."
Janice turned away, eyes closed, feeling Clara was beyond saving.
As Lemira heard Clara's explanation, her lips twisted into a cold smile. She hadn't planned to counter. Janice or add anything else. But some people was born ungrateful; they'd never change. 
One teacher asked, "So, Lemira, was him searching you in the girls' dorm all because of some personal vendetta between you and Jackson?"
"Absolutely not! Last night, when I got back and found we were out of water, Clara handed me a tampered bottle just as Jackson emerged from the bathroom!"
Clara screamed and questioned, "Lemira, you promised Janice you wouldn't rat me out!"
"I had no intention of mentioning it, but if you're going to play dirty, why should I hold back? I'm no saint. Why should I cover for you?"
Lemira laid out the whole story
happening the previous night,
omitting only the part about Janice's
tip-off as well as her and Janice
setting the trap for Jackson
together. 
Clara was hysterical, "Lemira, you traitor, you betrayed me! You'll get a miserable end!"
Lemira grabbed a glass of water and doused her.
"Get a grip, roomie. Wake up!"she cussed out silently.
###Chapter 303
Lemira's expression was frosty as ice, "Get it straight, it was you who teamed up with Jackson to s*** me over. You were the perpetrator all along! The one who's cursed here is you, not me!" "Lemira, this is your fault! Why didn't you help me out from the beginning?"
"Why should I have helped you? Besides, now that Jackson's been nabbed, all those videos and photos are going to get deleted. They never even leaked. It's your own stupid fault. Who else do you have to blame?" Clara was on the verge of a breakdown, suddenly realizing she had misspoken, inadvertently leading the blame towards Lemira. Otherwise, Lemira wouldn't have spilled the beans.
The teacher looked at Clara, "How do you explain this?"
Clara trembled with fear, "It wasn't me, wasn't me, it had nothing to do with me!"
"But last night, a lot of students overheard your conversation with Jackson. You planned this with Jackson!"
"Clara, come with us. We need to get to the bottom of this, or you're heading to the police station!"
Clara burst into tears, hiding under her bed covers and not moving an inch, refusing to go with the teachers. The teachers exchanged glances, at a loss for words at Clara's behavior but hesitant to force her. Lemira sneered, "Waiting for the police to take your statement will end the same. After all, you and Jackson were in cahoots. I'll see to it that you face legal consequences!"
Hearing this, Clara broke down, "I'm a victim too, why should I be punished?"
The teacher tried to reason, "Clara, if you're a victim, then tell us everything clearly. That way, we can assist you with the police. Otherwise, we'll have to call your parents to bail you out."
"I can't let my parents find out, they'd hit me to death!"
The mention of involving her parents sent Clara into an instant panic. Eventually, Clara reluctantly left with the teachers.
Soon, the dorm room was left with just the two of them. Lemira turned to Janice, "Some people are beyond saving. It was Clara who started slinging mud at me."
"I know, Clara brought this upon herself."
As things stood, Janice felt there was nothing more to be done. Clara's fate today was of her own making.
Moreover, so many had seen Clara running out and confronting Jackson last night. If Clara had kept silent, maybe she could have bluffed her way through.
If Lemira didn't press charges against Clara, the school would likely have wanted to downplay the whole ordeal.
Clara had been foolish and selfish. Now, no one could help her.
With no classes in the morning, Lemira opened her laptop to sort through the evidence she had gathered from Jackson.
It included Jackson taking kickbacks, misappropriating club funds, and even bribery in competitions and assessments.
However, there was no evidence of laundering money for the Sinclairs. It seemed Jackson had caught wind
of the girl reporting him and cleared all incriminating evidence. 
All Lemira found was a financial report related to the Sinclairs' investment in the team, but it wasn't solid evidence.
Tsk, but she had told the lawyer she had proof, enough to make Jackson sweat. The Sinclairs definitely would silence Jackson to nip the problem in the bud! 
Lemira submitted the evidence, reporting Jackson for his negligence as the team captain. In the
afternoon, Lemira and Janice wen to class together, overhearing everyone discussing last night's drama in the women's dorm 
Entering the classroom, Lemira was greeted by multiple gazes, which she already got used to.
After class, the supervisor messaged Lemira. [Come to the office after class.]
Lemira guessed it was about her reporting Jackson. She had made the report under her own name, making no attempt to hide.
Janice looked at Lemira, "Do you need me to come with you to testify?"
"No need, the evidence is enough. Could you help me take my books back?"
###Chapter 304
Janice gave a nod, "Guess I'll head back then."
Lemira proceeded to the office alone. Upon entering, she found the dean and the supervisor already there.
The dean's tone was far from welcoming, "Lemira, you reported Jackson. We'd like to know if it's because of some lovers' spat gone wrong, leading him to break into your dorm."
"Even if we had issues, it doesn't justify Jackson bribing the dorm keeper to sneak into a student's room, not to mention his attempt at sexual assault. And it's not his first time doing something like this! You should be focusing on these crimes, instead of trying to paint it as a petty lovers' quarrel!"
The dean raised his voice, "Mind your tone, Lemira! We're just asking!"
But Lemira stood her ground firmly, armed with ample evidence and no intention to back down.
At that moment, Alaric barged into the office, "The one who needs to watch the tone is you! Lemira's done nothing wrong. What gives you the right to mislead her and twist the narrative?"
Lemira turned to see Alaric, her eyebrows knitting together in confusion, thinking, "Why's he here?"
She coldly told Alaric, "Please leave the office."
The dean pointed at Alaric, "This is not a place for outsiders. Please leave. This is the office, not anyone allowed to enter."
Alaric slammed on the desk, "I'm Lemira's brother, her family. Why shouldn't I be here?"
Family?
The dean was taken aback by his words, "I thought Lemira was an orphan."
The supervisor interjected, "Sir, I've told you before, she's not an orphan."
The dean was out of the loop during the last scandal on campus, which left him and the principal quite embarrassed.
"Who said Lemira's an orphan? Sure, our parents passed away early, but she still has brothers!"
The supervisor muttered, "But you weren't the one who came last time."
"That was Lucian. We're seven siblings!"
The dean's attitude softened considerably, "Mr. Langston, we're currently investigating the matter."
Alaric, visibly angry, said to the supervisor, "After what happened in the girls' dorm, the school owes us an explanation. If Lemira hadn't been smart, last night could have ended horribly. Is this how you ensure student safety?" 
The dean was left speechless, eventually offering a cautious apology, "It's true the school has been negligent. Lemira is a victim here. We'll clear this up, and you're free to go, Lemira." FindNovel
"Not enough. We demand accountability!"
Lemira grew impatient, "What are you thinking, Alaric, showing up here claiming to be my family? I have nothing to do with the Langston family!"
She turned to the dean, "I have all the evidence. If the school tries to cover for Jackson, I'll sue!"
The dean wiped away the sweat on his forehead, "When did we say we'd cover for Jackson? We were just trying to figure this thing out You're misunderstanding!" 
Dealing with Lemira was no easy task. There was no other way they could think of.
Having got the outcome she desired, she left the office.
Alaric followed, cautiously saying, "Lucian sent me to back you up after hearing about it. He's too ashamed to face you."
"Even without you, I would've been fine! Your help was unnecessary. Don't bother linking me with your family again!" Lemira's tone was resolute.
"Lemira, you really think you could've handled this alone?" Lemira saw Asher and Evelina approaching from the staircase, her scorn deepening. Asher, his face stern and smelling of booze, warned, "That Jackson is backed by the Sinclairs! Do you realize the mess you've stumbled into?" Ah, they were here to settle scores.
###Chapter 305
Lemira thought about the Sinclair's warning that her actions could drag her family into the fray, and indeed, they really went and tattled to the Langstons. Savoring the disaster, are we?
With a dismissive tone, Lemira responded, "Well, I've cut ties with the Langstons. This is my own mess."
"And just how big of a mess can you handle on your own? The Sinclairs have already reached out to me, telling me to get my rebellious sister in line, or they won't be so polite next time." Lemira retorted coldly, "After the car accident the Sinclairs orchestrated, which almost killed me, do you really think they've been polite?"
Evelina, listening in, her eyes flickered.
So, everyone believes the Sinclairs were behind Lemira's accident. That works out perfectly.
With feigned concern, Evelina said, "Lemira, Asher is just looking out for you. Even though you've severed ties with the Langstons, you're still one of them, and that's something you can't change." Alaric chimed in, "Lemira, Asher had a tough time drinking with the Sinclairs at lunch today, all for your sake."
Seeing Lemira's defiant look, Asher fumed, "Remember, it's me, it's the Langstons who cleaned up your mess." Oh, what a grand gesture indeed.
"I didn't ask for your help. You could've easily told the Sinclairs I'm no longer a Langston and that my fate doesn't concern you. Wouldn't that have solved it?"
Lemira's gaze was steady, her presence more formidable.
Asher exploded, "Ungrateful wretch, I'm here cleaning up your mess, and this is the thanks I get?"
Evelina quickly intervened, "Asher, calm down. Lemira is just stubborn. She doesn't mean it, she'll understand eventually."
"Asher, let's talk this out."
Alaric stepped in front of Asher, who looked ready to throw a punch.
"Why are you stopping me? I told her not to come to Orvin for college, to avoid trouble we can't cover for, but she insisted!"
Asher pointed at Lemira, "Do you have any idea how hard I worked to smooth things over with the Sinclairs, and I don't even get a word of thanks!"
Lemira looked up, a sarcastic smile on her face.
So it's the same old story. They scold her, blame her, from their high horses.
She raised an eyebrow, "I didn't ask for this, and frankly, I don't care!"
Turning, she headed down the stairs, no longer wanting to engage.
"Asher, let her go," Alaric said, trying to hold her back, "We need to take her to meet with the Sinclairs in person!"
Asher was furious, thinking Lemira would learn her lesson, but she was as defiant as ever!
Alaric actually ran after her, grabbing her arm, "Wait."
"Don't touch me!"
Lemira pulled away, looking at
Asher,
O you really think a simple
drinken
the Sinclairs is
make them back off?"
"Or what? You think you can handle it on your own? Ms. Susanna
belongs to en.kikistorih to
Sinclair's sister is engaged to Orvin's most influential heir. One word from them, and the Langstons are toast!" 
en FindNovel
IMS
Lemira knew about Susanna's sister's engagement to Orvin's power heir!
Was she supposed to just sit back and wait for doom?
Lemira replied coldly, "I have evidence of the Sinclairs using
Jackson to launder money at the net
teambase. They wouldn't dare make a move!" 
Having leverage meant having a say.
Asher was taken aback.
Evelina instinctively said, "But Lemira, this means you've completely antagonized the Sinclairs."
"And what? Wait for you all to lord over me, claiming I'm safe only because of the Langstons? Spare me!" Evelina, with a hint of arrogance, said, "But Asher did put in the effort, and the Sinclairs did respect that."
"Stop flattering yourselves. The Sinclairs were just testing the waters at lunch, seeing if the evidence was in your hands."
Lemira looked meaningfully at Evelina, "After all, I have the evidence, I have the leverage. How could they rashly act?" Evelina, remembering Lemira's previous threat, felt uneasy, avoiding Lemira's gaze.
She too had something to fear from Lemira, a silent warning!
Asher's face darkened, realizing Lemira's words rang true.
###Chapter 306
Asher found it odd that the Sinclairs had really dropped the matter. It seemed there was a reason after all!
Feeling his pride was at stake, Asher remarked, "Lemira, you might have gotten lucky this time, but it doesn't mean you'll always be this fortunate!"
"Luck is a form of strength, too," Lemira retorted before turning on her heel and leaving.
Asher was fuming. "I shouldn't have come today!"
Evelina felt a twinge of happiness, "It's my fault for telling you about this. I was hoping that with you coming to school, you could make up with Lemira, and we could all live together like before. But I didn't expect Lemira to be so unappreciative!" "How can you say that, Evelina? Lemira isn't unappreciative; it's just that she doesn't need us to be alright."
Alaric found Evelina's words somewhat off-putting.
It didn't sit right with him!
Evelina trod lightly, "Alaric, did I say something wrong again?"
Asher quickly intervened, "Eve, it's not your fault. Lemira's stubbornness is to blame. I can't wait for the day she can't handle her affairs. Let's see what she does then!"
Evelina hung her head, feeling wronged, "I won't make decisions on my own anymore to avoid misunderstandings."
Asher turned to Alaric, "What's with you? Don't be like your cousin Lucian."
Alaric felt unjustly accused. He hadn't said anything wrong. Evelina's remark was indeed inappropriate!
Why did it seem like it was all his fault?
Watching Evelina support Asher as they left, Alaric felt an inexplicable annoyance.
Lately, he was feeling conflicted, noticing a change in Evelina.
---
After leaving the academic building, Lemira headed straight to the local gym to practice boxing!
After changing, she suddenly remembered something and pulled out her phone to message Evelina: [Don't forget your promise!]
She hadn't forgotten that debt.
Meanwhile, Evelina was already in the car.
Seeing Lemira's message, she quickly deleted it, her heart racing.
After a moment's thought, she turned to Asher, "Asher, you invested in Lucian's Al project, right? Could I learn a bit about it?" "Why would you want to learn that?"
"I'm a Business School student, after all. I don't want to be just a pretty face who knows nothing. I want to help you out too." Asher nodded, pleased, "You always understand. Much more thoughtful than some ungrateful people."
Evelina's smile stiffened, and she remained silent.
---
After messaging Evelina, Lemira went back to practicing boxing.
She got beaten up in training and returned to her apartment, as there were no classes over the weekend.
She also had to prepare for her livestream, having missed last week's session.
However, this time, Lemira felt something off about the vibe in her livestream.
[Are you and the captain of the Orvin University team actually dating?]
[Did you and Jackson plan a thrilling night in the girls' dorm, only for it to backfire, and then you blamed it on Jackson?] [How could you be so malicious, playing with Jackson's feelings and then dumping him?]
[Jackson confessed to you in the afternoon, and by evening he was at your dorm. Things escalated quickly
between you two, didn't
Lemira realized these trolls were likely linked to the Sinclairs, trying to smear her reputation.
Turning on her microphone, Lemira said, "Jackson, that loser, has been abusing his captain's position, harassing many girls, and even threatening them with videos and photos. I'm not blind enough to fall for someone like him!"
[But no videos or photos have surfaced apart from your claims. Are you just slinging mud?]
[Yeah, if Jackson took videos and photos, show us!]
[Isn't a streamer like you just making money by sleeping around? Maybe you couldn't agree on a price!]
Lemira's voice turned icy, "Trolls, you can bash me, but those videos and photos are like a knife to the victims,
a deadly poison. Where do you get the nerve to demand to see them?" 
[Talk all you want, but without video proof, you're just lying!]
###Chapter 307
Alright, alright, alright, if that's how you wanna play!
Lemira scoffed, "You want proof, huh? Did you think no one would notice the puppet strings? You think you're so clever, but you're just a snake in the grass." "I'd hit you, but I'm afraid you'd enjoy it too much!"
Lemira dove into the fray, taking on the trolls with a vengeance that was both fierce and unapologetic.
In no time at all, Lemira's live stream viewership skyrocketed!
The trolls, pushed to their limits, typed furiously: [Lemira, you're trashing your image. Aren't you afraid of crumbling your persona and losing followers?]
Lemira took a sip of water, "Well, starting today, my life's motto is: Drop the decency, embrace the mischief!"
Oh, they wanted to smear her, did they? She'd beat them to the punch!
Now that she'd thrown her reputation to the wind, what could her detractors possibly do?
She wouldn't fall for their traps, nor would she use the stuff Jackson shot as proof!
Her fans quickly flooded the chat: [From today on, my mantra is: A Mischievous Fan!]
[Goddess, powerful and fierce, don't pamper the trolls!]
[Goddess, your sharp tongue, I love it!]
The trolls were utterly bamboozled by Lemira's savage moves!
They had prepped all evening to smear Lemira, even brainstorming her potential rebuttals and strategies.
But Lemira played her cards in an unpredictable manner!
Her self-declared mischievousness rendered all their attacks pale in comparison.
They had seen self-explanatory defenses, but never a self-destructive one like this!
After her tirade, Lemira casually kicked off today's live PK session.
Many challenged her, some even bringing up the Jackson affair during the game. Lemira obliterated them, leaving no room for rebuttal.
But with only ten challengers allowed, Lemira was left craving more action. She headed to the game's Wilderness area, announcing in the world channel: [Trolls,
quit
yapping online, come face me if you dare! Watch me smash your brains out!] 
Soon after her message, challengers appeared.
Lemira activated her killing spree mode in the wilderness, swiftly laying waste to a swath of players around her.
Her live stream chat exploded: [Goddess, your blade is swift today! One by one, they fall!]
[Now I get it, the previous PKs were just Lemon going easy on them.]
[SweetLemon is ranked first because that's the only rank she deserves!]
After a fierce session in the wilderness, which resulted in an official red flag and a warning from the game admins, Lemira faced her computer screen, "That's it for today. Can I swear?" 
[Goddess, the moderators already warned you.]
Lemira sighed, "OK, then I've got nothing more to say. As for the cross-dressing psycho, I trust the police will sort it out soon. Bye, see you next week!"
Logging off Lemira noticed a
significant rise in her followers, with
Veikt
online numbers reaching new
heights, all thanks to the Sinclairs'
unexpected boost in traffic.
Meanwhile, Susanna had been watching Lemira's live stream, hoping her arranged trolls would take Lemira down a peg or two.
But, to her dismay, Lemira cunningly dodged every attack.
Furious, Susanna slammed her desk, "Damn that Lemira!"
"Susanna, did you set those trolls on Lemira's live stream?"
"Mom, it's all because of that wretch Lemira. The hacking of my phone, it has to be her doing!"
###Chapter 308
After all, if Lemira had the skills to lock down so many people's phones, she could surely hack into hers too!
It was because Lemira exposed those videos and photos as evidence, that she ended up in such a mess!
"Susanna, you're out on bail now, try not to stir up more trouble. Your sister is negotiating the engagement with the Everharts. If you cause a scandal or end up in jail, that engagement will be off."
"Do you only care about my sister, not me? If she's getting engaged to the Everharts, taking down Lemira should be easy, right?"
Why was Lemira still hopping around in front of her?
"I didn't mean that, darling. Once your sister's engagement is all set, you can deal with whoever you want, and no one will be able to touch you."
"That low-life from some backwater town dared to be so arrogant, I'll make sure she suffers!"
Susanna just couldn't swallow this humiliation. She had always had it easy, and to be bested by a nobody was unbearable!
She wasn't going to let it go.
---
The next day, Lemira woke up without an alarm.
Planning to go to the gym for some boxing practice, she had grown more interested in it ever since she beat up Jackson!
Before heading out, Lemira received a text from Orion: [Got any plans for the weekend?]
While walking, she replied: [Joined a gym recently, heading there to work out!]
Her new house wasn't far from Orvin University, so she grabbed a bike and rode over.
The coach had mentioned her stamina and muscle mass were lacking, and she needed more strength training!
Before leaving, Lemira checked her phone one last time but saw no reply from Orion.
She simply put away her phone and biked to the gym.
A luxury car was parked across the street.
Orion watched Lemira ride away, ultimately deciding not to send another message.
He had wanted to ask Lemira about dealing with the haters on her live stream last night.
But Lemira handled it well, looking good this morning.
It seemed like she didn't need him anymore; she was growing up fast and was smart. He felt a bit... lost?
spoke up, "We've sent a
message to Jackson's side; the
wnovel
won't have a chance to play
dirty." 
Orion looked away, his expression returning to normal, "Let's go."
The weekend passed.
Lemira spent almost all of it at the gym, feeling more energized than ever. Returning to her dorm, she found a new dorm keeper had been assigned.
But Lemira noticed that Clara hadn't returned, leaving only Janice.
The school had issued a notice about the Jackson incident, awaiting further investigation by the police.
Janice spoke up reluctantly, "Clara had to go to the police for a statement because Jackson spilled everything, including Clara calling him to plot against you. There's solid evidence!" 
The school could have protected Clara, giving her a mere reprimand, but Jackson had outed her!
Lemira didn't say much upon hearing this.
Clara had brought this upon herself.
Monday morning came, and there were classes to attend.
As Lemira approached the classroom, a middle-aged couple stopped her.
"Are you Lemira?"
She remembered them as Clara's parents, having seen them once at the beginning of the school year. Lemira nodded, "Yes, I am."
The middle-aged woman raised her
hand and slapped Lemira, "You're et like my daughter ended up
like this!" 
###Chapter 309
Lemira's expression remained unchanged as she firmly grasped the wrist of the middle-aged woman.
Her voice was ice cold: "And how is that any of my concern?"
"How can you say it's none of your concern? You've been all cozy with that Jackson, letting that loser sneak into the girls' dorm. It's your messy affairs that dragged my daughter into this."
"My daughter has always been well-behaved. How could she ever do such a thing? It's all over the internet, you and Jackson messing around in the dorm!"
Lemira flung the hand of Clara's mom away: "But everyone in the club knows Clara was chasing after Jackson, even spending nights out with him. Your so-called good daughter is just lying to you." She couldn't believe Clara would lie to her own parents!
"That's still your fault. You knew my daughter was taken advantage of by that scumbag, and even blackmailed with a video. Why didn't you help her when she asked?"
Lemira had initially thought Clara was lying.
Now, it seemed Clara's deceitful nature was learned from her parents.
Lemira raised her voice: "Your daughter slept with a jerk, got photographed, and videoed, begged for my help, and I didn't. And then? Why don't you finish your story?" The middle-aged woman's gaze faltered.
"If you won't say it, I will. Clara then got in touch with Jackson, plotted to sneak him into the girls' dorm, and even drugged my drink. That's the real reason Clara got caught!" The surrounding students began to murmur among themselves.
"So, that's the story. Clara was foolish, chasing after Jackson when his reputation was already trash."
"No wonder that night in the dorm, Clara ran out to hug Jackson, even exposed the whole mess herself."
Clara's mother, flushed with anger, retorted: "Lemira, if you had just agreed to help my daughter from the start, none of this would have happened!"
"First off, your daughter being
deceived has nothing to do with me. Secondly, she could've gone to the
police if she was tricked, I'm not
obligated to help." 
The middle-aged woman burst into tears: "But you were roommates, how could you be so heartless!"
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm: "I was going to let it go, but since you put it that way, I might as well sue over this mess!"
The couple suddenly felt they had no ground to stand on and slunk away.
Janice came over and said: "Clara's parents are way out of line. How could they possibly blame you!"
"Some people, they ask for your help,
and if you refuse, they immediately
think you're the cause of their
el solve
troubles because you didn't
them." 
After Lemira finished speaking, someone nearby agreed: "A fight turned into a feud, that's exactly it!"
Lemira turned and walked back to the classroom.
At the edge of the crowd, Susanna witnessed the entire scene.
Susanna turned to Evelina: "That's your plan? Lemira got off scot-free!"
"Ms. Sinclair, I didn't expect Clara's parents to be so weak, unable to touch Lemira."
Evelina tried to appease Susanna, surprised herself at how quickly Susanna had been released on bail.
"Ha, Lemira thinks she can shine just by being a streamer, how despicable!"
Susanna loathed Lemira to her core.
Seeing the hatred on Susanna's face, Evelina provocatively said: "Ms. Sinclair, I heard that after reporting Jackson, Lemira plans to run for the team captain." 
"That lowlife dreaming? Our Sinclair family is the team's largest sponsor; there's no way Lemira is getting that position!"
###Chapter 310
"But you know, the captain elections are all about skill, and Lemira's pretty awesome at gaming. If Ms. Sinclair really wants to take down Lemira, making her the team captain might just be the best way to do it!" "I guess you're right. Besides, the team captain around here is basically a puppet for the Sinclairs anyway!"
Susanna turned and headed upstairs.
Evelina glanced back at Lemira's classroom, a smug look flashing in her eyes. She knew she had to use Susanna to eliminate Lemira.
Otherwise, Lemira could use that evidence to blackmail her forever!
She had worked so hard to win over Dorian; she had to marry into the Draven family without any skeletons in her closet.
Checking her phone, Evelina saw another message from that so-called father, asking for money like a leech that wouldn't go away!
She wanted to investigate whether this man was truly her father but dared not, fearing her brothers might notice something.
All she could do was put him on ice for now.
Evelina was nearly driven mad by all this pressure!
---
After class, Lemira received a message from a senior: [The school has removed Jackson as the team captain. There will be a new vote tomorrow night, and we hope you'll sign up!] [Okay.]
After replying, Lemira messaged Michel, the captain of the Reapers: [Sorry, I've thought it over, and I still want to join the school's team!]
Michel called her immediately: "Why?"
"Because King used to play for the Orvin University Team before he went pro. He's my idol, and I want to follow in his footsteps."
This had been Lemira's dream in her previous life, which she hadn't achieved.
Now that she was at Orvin University, she wanted to fulfill that old regret.
Michel sighed, "Alright then, are you free to watch this year's team finals this weekend? There's a celebration party afterward, and a gathering among the gaming circles. If you're running for captain of the Orvin University Team, it'd be beneficial for you to meet more people."
"Thanks, I'll definitely be there."
Lemira was polite, even though she had declined Michel's invitation. After all, they could still be friends.
They would meet in next year's competition, after all!
After leaving class, Lemira headed straight for the restroom.
Coming out, she found several girls from the Business School waiting.
Susanna walked in, her face filled with malice: Lemira, finally, I got a chance to catch you. After the cops took me away, was it you who hacked my phone and used my account to post those videos and photos?" 
If it weren't for that, she wouldn't be in this mess.
She wouldn't have been taken into custody, wouldn't be facing a lawsuit, and wouldn't be at risk of jail time!
All because of Lemira!
Lemira stood her ground, her expression calm: "Do you have any evidence?"
"Who else but you could pull off something like this?"
Susanna grew more furious: "Grab her, s*** her, and throw her out! A country bumpkin like you doesn't deserve to study at the same school as me, you lowlife!" 
As the girls moved in on her, Lemira her sleeves and swung
rolled up
Slapping them across their
faces. 
b
Lemira had been practicing boxing lately, and her punches had gotten a lot stronger.
She effortlessly disoriented the group of girls.
Only Susanna remained standing, as Lemira approached her with a cold demeanor.
"What do you think you're doing? I'm a Sinclair, my sister is engaged to the Everhart heir!" "So what?"
Lemira's gaze was deep, rubbing her wrists leisurely, a slight smile on her face.
###Chapter 311
"If you dare hit me, you're gonna regret it. Ahh!!"
Susanna stumbled backward in fright from Lemira, ending up with her butt landing in a mop bucket, and to add insult to injury, a mop bounced up and smacked her on the head. Lemira hadn't even laid a finger on her, and Susanna had already taken herself out.
Trying to get up from the mop bucket, Susanna found Lemira pressing down on her shoulders, pulling out her phone and starting to record Susanna.
"Wow, look at Ms. Sinclair taking a dive into the mop bucket, how stinky, how messy!"
Fuming, Susanna burst out, "Lemira, you better not record this, you're dead meat!"
But no matter how much Susanna struggled, she couldn't break free from Lemira's grip, pinned against the mop bucket.
Having never faced such humiliation, Susanna broke down in tears.
Lemira, still recording, taunted, "Cry, cry louder for the camera!"
"Lemira, I'm telling my parents, and they're gonna make you pay, you witch!"
Susanna was on the verge of a breakdown.
The other girls, already scared off by Lemira, didn't dare to intervene.
That's when Evelina walked into the restroom, "Lemira, enough is enough. She's a Sinclair, and recording it is going too far!"
"Too far?"
Turning to Evelina, Lemira retorted, "But this is exactly how Susanna treated her classmates before. She seemed pretty happy recording others. I thought she liked playing the game, seems she only likes it when it's someone else." Susanna's cruelty in her videos was infamous.
Biting the bullet, Evelina said, "Just let her go, alright? Blowing it up won't end well for you. You'll be the one to lose."
"Ha, I was just defending myself. I've been recording since they walked in, got all the evidence I need."
Lemira patted Susanna's cheek, "If anyone comes for me, I won't hesitate to release this video. With my follower count, Susanna, you'll be under investigation in no time!"
She knew Susanna was out on bail.
But if Susanna messed up again, it wouldn't be so simple this time!
Fearing the worst, Susanna turned pale, realizing she'd been outsmarted.
After her piece, Lemira finally let Susanna go and left the restroom, phone in hand.
Onlookers outside had expected drama but didn't foresee Lemira walking away scot-free. After Lemira left, Evelina hurried to help Susanna up, "Ms. Sinclair, are you okay?" "Get lost!"
Steadying herself, Susanna slapped Evelina, "Where were you? Just as low as Lemira, a bunch of nobodies! Make Lemira delete that video, or you're next!" 
Despite the slap, Evelina couldn't retaliate, hoping to use Susanna to get into the elite circles.
But deep down, Evelina swore, once she married into the Draven family, she'd show those who looked down on her.
---
Back at the dorm, Lemira found a crowd outside her room as if watching a spectacle.
Entering, she saw her room in chaos, clearly tampered with.
Janice's bed was soaked, and their clothes were scattered all over the floor.
Noticing Clara's belongings were gone, Lemira coldly asked, "Clara's parents' doing?" Janice sighed, "Most likely, but they're gone now. Heard Clara took a leave of absence."
Pulling out her phone, Lemira suggested, "Then we should call the cops, deliberate damage to property should give Clara's parents a taste of jail!" 
"Let's not call the cops."
The new dorm keeper approached "With all that's happened here, can we not stir more trouble? Clara's already been punished enough." 
Raising an eyebrow, Lemira countered, "Since you feel so sorry for Clara, maybe you'd like to compensate on her behalf."
###Chapter 312
The dorm manager was taken aback. "Me, compensate?"
"Yeah, you said Clara was having a rough time, right? Since you're so kind-hearted, why don't you pay up for Clara? Not willing to?"
The dorm manager tried to speak softly, "I just..."
Lemira cut in sharply, "Then you're just stingy, aren't you? All talk and no action when it comes down to it?"
With a fierce retort, Lemira sent the dorm manager running.
Lemira snorted, "These days, everyone wants to seem like a good person without actually doing anything. Just moving their lips and guilt-tripping others, huh?"
After Lemira's words, the girls outside also started to speak up, "You're right. It's Clara's parents who messed up. Why should you back down?"
"Lemira, we support you if you decide to call the cops!"
Lemira glanced at the students outside, "Thanks for your concern, everyone."
Once the crowd had left.
Janice hesitated before speaking, "Lemira, I can clean up the sheets and everything. Can we let Clara's parents off the hook? I'm not trying to play the hero; I just think Clara only has her parents to rely on now." Lemira looked at Janice, "Stop tidying up. We can't stay here tonight. Come stay at my place."
"You bought a place nearby?"
"Yeah, close to the campus."
Lemira informed the counselor about the dorm situation and took Janice back to her place.
Janice checked out the price of Lemira's place and gasped. It's expensive.
Turns out Lemira was the real powerhouse here!
---
The next day, Lemira and Janice returned to school together.
But Evelina was waiting outside the classroom. As soon as she saw Lemira, she stepped forward, "Lemira, can we talk alone for a moment?"
Lemira and Evelina moved aside, and she started coldly, "What do you want to say?"
"Could you delete the video you took yesterday?"
"Evelina, where do you get the courage to talk to me like this? We're not that close!"
Lemira's tone was dripping with sarcasm Evelina, steeling herself said, "Don't forget our deal. I'll get you what you want, but you need to do me this favor now." 
"Evelina, remember it's me threatening you. You're in no position to negotiate with me, got it?"
Lemira turned and left.
Evelina's eyes were filled with bitterness: Lemira, I won't let you get your way!
Lemira and Janice then headed to the e-sports team headquarters.
After Jackson was fired, a new team captain election was imminent.
Upon arriving, Lemira suddenly noticed someone holding up a SweetLemon glow sign.
What's all this about?
A senior team member approached Lemira, "These are your fan club supporters here to back you up."
She led Lemira onto the stage, "Today is the election day for the team captain, but we all know Lemira is the strongest among us. She deserves to be the captain!" The audience erupted into applause!
"Since when did Lemira get to be the captain?"
Susanna barged in, a bandage on her head, If Lemira gets elected, then the Sinclairs will withdraw all investment in the team. Let's see how you manage without our support!" 
The room fell silent.
Susanna climbed onto the stage, pointing at Lemira with a smirk, "You, a nobody from nowhere,
making a living off streaming and jokes, think you can be the captain? 
Dream on. This isn't a game for losers like you!"
She intended to torment Lemira more once she became captain but couldn't wait any longer.
Lemira grabbed Susanna's finger, twisting it until she screamed like a banshee.
Her voice cold as ice, Lemira warned, "Seems like you didn't learn your lesson last time!"
###Chapter 313
"Ow, ow, ow, my fingers are gonna break!"
Lemira was twisting Susanna's fingers with such force, and soon, Evelina dashed over.
"Let go of her, Lemira, would you? Everyone's watching!" Evelina exclaimed urgently.
"It's Susanna who started it, and everyone's watching that too," Lemira retorted before finally releasing her grip, causing Susanna to fall face-first into the dirt. Evelina rushed to help Susanna up. "Are you okay?"
Susanna screamed hysterically, "What are you waiting for? Twist that bumpkin's fingers for me!"
"I'd like to see you try!"
Lucian stepped forward with authority, glaring at Susanna, "Ms. Sinclair, you're causing trouble in broad daylight. Want to end up in detention again?"
Seeing Lucian appear, Evelina suddenly became tense.
"And who might you be? Lemira's boyfriend?" Susanna sneered coldly.
"Watch your mouth. Lemira is my sister."
"Lemira's an orphan. Since when does she have a brother!"
Lucian responded firmly, "Lemira is no orphan. She's the real heiress of the Langston Group, always modest, never boasting about it."
Susanna looked astonished, "But wasn't Evelina the Langston heiress? How did it become Lemira?"
Glancing at Evelina, Susanna noticed her claim to fame being questioned. Evelina was struggling to maintain her composure.
"Let's talk this over downstairs, Lucian, with so many eyes on us," Evelina suggested quickly, desperate to keep her adopted status under wraps.
If it got out, how could she ever face her peers again?
"Evelina is just the adopted daughter, the driver's girl. Lemira is my true sister!" Lucian clarified, shattering Evelina's facade.
Evelina's face went pale at his words. That's a disaster. How could she hold her head high in business school now? Susanna, too, was taken aback. Lemira wasn't some country bumpkin but a genuine heiress?
"Why is the driver's daughter attending business school instead of Lemira then?" Susanna couldn't help asking, feeling uneasy.
"Lemira was supposed to attend, but she's so brilliant she got into Orvin University on her own merits," Lucian explained, silencing the crowd. Whispers spread fast.
"My God, Lemira's the real heiress? And to think we've been duped by a chauffeur's daughter parading as such. How ludicrous." "Yeah, flaunting a stolen identity, and so loudly at that. Ridiculous."
Evelina, overwhelmed by shame and the crowd's judgment, tearfully looked at Lucian, "Why... Why did you have to expose me like this?"
But Lucian didn't spare her a glance,
focusing instead on Lemira,
"Lemmy, I've made many mistakes
and I know I've hurt you. I don't.
expect forgiveness; I just wanne
make things right and protect you." 
Lemira remained calm, "Did you ever ask if I wanted you to do this?"
"I saw you being bullied and wanted to clear up your status!"
"You never asked what I needed, assuming your actions were some grand gesture of compensation. But in the end, you've only pleased yourself." Lemira hadn't wanted anyone to know about her connection to the Langston family.
But Lucian, in his effort to protect her, had publicly declared their relationship, insisting it was to save her from bullying by revealing her true status as an heiress. 
Lucian was momentarily flustered, "That wasn't my intention." He genuinely wanted to do something right.
Lemira grabbed the microphone, addressing the crowd, "I was once part of the Langston family, but not anymore. My true fans know I've had a falling out with them. Let me clarify once and for all, I have no ties to the Langston family!" 
###Chapter 314
Lucian felt a knot in his stomach listening to Lemira's sharp retort, lost for words.
Evelina seized the moment, "Lemira, Lucian meant well, why embarrass him in front of everyone? You have no idea how lucky I think you are."
A senior student by Lemira's side sneered, "Evelina, you're just a driver's daughter and yet here you are, attending a prestigious business school. Whose spot did you take, huh?" "Yeah, for a driver's daughter to get here, shows how biased things are."
"No wonder Goddess Lemon cut ties with her family. If I were in her shoes, I'd do the same!"
Evelina was left speechless and looked towards Lucian for support, "Lucian, I didn't mean to. I was just trying to calm Lemira down!"
"I don't need your so-called help, zip it!"
This time, Lucian didn't fall for Evelina's trick, "If Lemira doesn't respect me, that's on me, no one else's fault."
Evelina was dumbfounded by Lucian's reaction.
Weird, her words used to work on him before.
Did Lucian genuinely not hold any grudges against Lemira for her blatant disrespect?
As Lucian walked away, Evelina followed, her heart racing.
Leaving Susanna standing alone on stage.
Lemira gave Susanna a look that had her running for the hills, afraid of becoming Lemira's next target.
The senior by Lemira said, "Despite the drama, let's proceed with the voting."
Lemira won the captaincy by a landslide, surrounded by celebrations, her popularity undeniable.
But soon, the Sinclair family's representatives came looking for her.
In the captain's office, Lemira saw a bespectacled lawyer and Susanna waiting.
Susanna smugly said, "Lemira, meet my lawyer. You're done for now, it's your turn to go to jail."
The lawyer adjusted his glasses, "Ms. Langston, we finally meet. We've spoken on the phone before." "Oh, you."
Lemira pulled out her phone, "These are the
the restroom. Susanna didn't tell
as winestro cos from the last e
you, did she?" 
Susanna looked guilty; she had indeed kept it a secret, fearing reproach.
Her mother had instructed her to keep a low profile and avoid further scandals.
After viewing the videos, the lawyer's expression changed. He stepped outside to call Mrs. Amelia.
Susanna received a scolding from her mother like never before.
The lawyer faced Lemira, "How do you propose we resolve it?"
"Simple. Susanna apologizes, and I delete the videos."
"Never! I'd rather die than apologize to you!"
Susanna stormed out, leaving Lemira and the lawyer alone.
Lemira, with a half-smile, told the
lawyer, You have a day to thinknet
over I'm pretty reasonable."
s to en.FindNovele
"Ms. Langston, I'll have to report back, but if you insist on opposing the Sinclair family, we'll withdraw our team's funding. Consider your options carefully." 
After the lawyer left, Lemira knew this was a problem she needed to solve.
The only company she knew that could sponsor them was Maple Group.
After some thought, Lemira texted Thaddeus: [Mr. Draven, fancy grabbing dinner sometime?]
Thaddeus was taken aback by the message..
He looked up at Orion, "Have you been in touch with Lemon lately?"
Orion, previously engrossed in his documents, looked solemn, "No." "But she just asked me to dinner!"
###Chapter 315
Orion glanced at Thaddeus' phone and sure enough, the message was from Lemira. A wave of irritation brushed over him. Despite trying to keep his cool, he couldn't help but check his own phone, where his last conversation with Lemira was when he had been discharged from the hospital. He sensed Lemira wanted to keep her distance, and seeing her become so much stronger, he decided to respect her wishes and hadn't contacted her since. It felt like the right thing to do, yet something inside him had shifted. Running a hand through his hair, Orion asked tiredly, "What do you think?"
"Of course I'm going, Lemon is my friend. What's the big deal about grabbing dinner?"
Orion tapped on the table, "Let's go to Bistrova, put it on my tab."
Thaddeus drew out his words, "Lemon's treating me to dinner, and you want to put it on your tab? Can't I pay for my own meal?"
"Just do as you're told!"
"So, you're not coming?"
Orion felt somewhat gloomy, "No, she invited you."
Standing up, Thaddeus put on his jacket and checked himself out in the mirror.
Orion, barely containing his impatience, exclaimed, "Are you going or what? Stop admiring yourself!"
Orion tried to focus on the documents in front of him, but couldn't absorb a single word.
Thaddeus coughed, "Seriously, you're not coming? We're all friends here. What's the harm in joining for a meal? We'll just say you happened to be in the area!" "Fine, do as you please."
Immediately, Orion put down the papers and grabbed his coat, also pausing to look at himself in the mirror.
Pushed aside, Thaddeus rolled his eyes, "Honestly, the accident back then wasn't your fault. It was the driver's error. Just explain it to Lemon, and it'll be fine."
Thaddeus had only recently learned about the true details of the accident from Orion, which had nothing to do with Orion himself.
Orion adjusted his clothes, "You see it that way because you're looking from my perspective. But what about Lemira? She lost her parents!"
Thaddeus fell silent, acknowledging the point.
Lemira was indeed the victim of that tragic accident.
---
Bistrova.
Lemira stepped out of her car and approached the entrance, noticing the understated charm of the place, hardly resembling a restaurant from the outside. 
A staff member approached, "Ms. Langston, right?"
"Yes, that's me."
"Please, follow me."
As Lemira followed the staff member inside, she admired the unique and quaint décor, finding it quite appealing.
Upon reaching the private dining area upstairs, the staff presented her with fruit and snacks.
Originally, she had intended to treat to dinner but wasn't familiar with the place. Thaddeus had recommended this spot, and the ambiance was indeed lovely. 
Taking out her phone, Lemira snapped a photo from the window.
"What are you capturing, Lemon?"
Turning around, she was surprised to see Orion, who had also just arrived.
Pausing for a moment, she responded, "The view is nice. Thought we could come here for a team building dinner sometime."
"Team building? Sure, just put it under my name!"
Thaddeus glanced at Orion, knowing well that with him around, this place could easily become Lemon's playground.
Lemira looked at Orion, noticing his casual attire that highlighted his handsome yet distant features. She initiated the conversation, "I thought you had left, so I didn't invite you." 
"It's a small matter. Orion happened to be around, so we came together. You don't mind, do you?"
Shaking her head, Lemira replied, "Of course not. We're all friends here."
Just then, the Bistrova manager approached, standing respectfully by Orion's side, "Mr. Everhart, shall we prepare the usual for you?" Orion turned to Lemira, "What would you like?"
"Let's go with what you usually have. I'm sure it's all good."
###Chapter 316
Orion slid the menu back across the table, a casual gesture as he said, "Let her pick."
The manager at The Cozy Corner Bistro raised an eyebrow in surprise at Lemira, who seemed a bit out of place. What was her connection to this gentleman? Quickly regaining composure, the manager asked, "The usual wine for the table?"
Orion declined without a beat, "No wine today, let's go with some fruit juices."
Acknowledging with a nod, the manager took the menu and carefully exited the private dining room.
Orion turned his attention to Lemira, "So, what's up with calling Thaddeus out for lunch?"
He knew Lemira well enough to know she wouldn't ask Thaddeus to lunch without a good reason.
Lemira paused before revealing, "I'm now the team leader for Orvin Team."
"Congratulations, Lemon! That's great news, definitely calls for a celebration." Lemira nodded in agreement, "Yeah."
Orion watched her, "That's it? Nothing else?"
"Nope, just a lunch. You two are pretty much my only friends here."
Lemira tactfully avoided mentioning her investment plans.
Halfway through the meal, Thaddeus stepped out to take a call.
As Lemira poked at her food, she stole a glance at Orion, only to get caught in the act.
Orion met her gaze calmly, "You have something else on your mind for Thaddeus, don't you?"
"You got me. Actually, I wanted to discuss some artificial intelligence stuff with Thaddeus. Given Asher might make a move against Maple Group, we need to strategize." "Don't worry about it. Thaddeus isn't a fool."
Feeling a bit guilty, Lemira simply sipped her water to hide her nervousness.
"How's school? Settling in okay?"
"It's good. Made some new friends, started a new life. Just like you said, college life is indeed more exciting!"
Lemira's voice brightened up at the mention of school, a smile spreading across her face.
Suddenly losing interest in the
conversation, Orion stood up, "You seemed interested in the garden
earlier. Want to take a nove
"Sure," Lemira was eager for a distraction.
They walked down to the garden, keeping a respectful distance between them - not too close, not too far.
Lemira quickened her pace, intentionally widening the gap.
Admiring the garden, she
commented, "This place is so picturesque, feels like every photo
taken here would be pove
Orion, a few steps behind, slowly described the scenery around them.
Reaching a small bridge, Lemira noticed the pond below with its goldfish swimming lazily. "Watch out for the moss, it's slippery."
As soon
slipped Lemira nodded, she
t Orion quickly caught
muttered, "Thanks." ND
wrist, stabilizing her.
belongs
Orion released her hand, "No need to thank me. Just didn't want you to scare the fish."
"Thanks for coming out here to tease me!" Lemira rubbed her wrist, finding the sarcastic Orion easier to be around.
After their walk around the garden, they returned to where they started.
Someone approached them from the corridor, heading straight for Orion, "Bro, what are you doing here?"
Lemira recognized the young man approaching them. It clicked, "Are you Matthew Everhart, captain of the Reapers?" But why was he calling Orion 'bro'?
Matthew's mouth fell open in surprise upon seeing Lemira, "You're SweetLemon, the streamer?"
But why was she dining with his brother at Bistro?
Were they on a date?
By any chance, were they heading towards marriage?
Lemira was puzzled, "You know me?"
"It's hard not to!" Future sister-in-law, indeed!
###Chapter 317
Lemira couldn't believe she was gaining traction in the spotlight.
Orion's eyelid twitched as he grabbed Matthew by the arm, "Hey man, didn't you have a digital face-off with Alaric not too long ago? Tried to poach him for your team." "Oh yeah, I remember now. They had a spat online."
Lemira turned to Orion, "He called you 'bro' earlier, right? Are you guys related?"
"Yeah, we're...ow!"
Before Matthew could finish, he felt a sharp pinch on his back, making him wince in pain and glare at Orion, "What was that for?"
He had hoped to leave a good impression on his future sister-in-law.
"Why the pinch, man? What happened to manners?"
Lemira pointed at them, "Definitely relatives. You share a last name."
Then it hit Lemira. Matthew and Orion were related?
But Matthew was from the prestigious Everhart family!
Lemira looked at Orion seriously, "How come you never mentioned your connection to the Everharts?"
Orion explained nervously, "Well, we just share the last name."
"Exactly, distant relatives. This dude is my little bro; met through gaming, and got close to Orion too."
At that moment, Thaddeus ran over, throwing an arm around Matthew's shoulder, giving frantic hints.
Matthew, confused at first, realized Lemira might not know about his brother's status, then quickly added, "Right, exactly! Thad, Orion, they're all my brothers!" Lemira glanced at the three men without a word.
All three held their breath, not daring to make a sound.
Lemira nodded, "Didn't expect you to be this close in real life. Never heard you mention it."
"We did talk about it. I was using my brother's account."
Lemira suddenly remembered, thinking Orion's account had been hacked.
Someone had claimed to be Orion's brother?
It was a distant memory, now fuzzy.
Realizing, Lemira turned to Matthew, "That account was really yours?"
"Absolutely, no doubt about it!"
Lemira felt a surge of emotions. So, the person from her past life was Matthew? Not Orion?
Matthew sensed Lemira's confusion,
wrong? I only logged in
after that, it was all my
"It's nothing."
Lemira excused herself, "I need to use the restroom."
She hurried off, images of her past encounter flooding her mind.
She had always assumed it was Orion, given the similarity in their speech and actions. Though she had never met him in her past life, she believed he would be just like Orion!
But now, knowing the account belonged to Matthew, she wondered who o would have logged in if she
hadn't met Orion? 
Lemira dared not ponder further.
Outside.
Matthew stood alone under a lamppost, hands raised in a gesture of guilt.
He glanced cautiously at Orion, "Bro."
Orion raised an eyebrow, "Shut it!"
"Bro, I didn't know she was unaware. I'm innocent!"
Thaddeus chimed in, "Lucky I got here in time. Lemira didn't seem suspicious."
"Bro, were
your lady recently? I noticed she had
a scar on her forehead."
ou in a car accident
s to en.kikistorie with
Orion's gaze hardened with a warning.
Matthew covered his mouth, "I swear, I won't spill. I've always been tight-lipped!"
"Tight-lipped? Haven't you blabbered about every single thing since we were kids?"
Orion struggled to keep his cool as he looked at Thaddeus, "Just make sure you don't slip up."
Thaddeus nodded, "You can count on me."
Matthew peeked out, "Bro, are you nervous? Come on, have some confidence. Let me talk to her." Orion felt his temper rising.
Thaddeus grabbed Matthew, "Matt, maybe you should head out. Don't linger."
The poor kid, always on the brink of causing trouble.
"I didn't even get to say goodbye to her. Wanted to leave a good impression. Woe is me!"
###Chapter 318
Orion's foot swung out with force: "Beat it!"
"Aw, come on, didn't even touch me! My bro's losing his cool!"
Matthew, clutching his behind, grimaced and scampered off into the distance.
Orion couldn't help but show a look of resignation.
Thaddeus patted Orion on the shoulder, "Why's that kid back in town? Oh, right, the big championship game's happening this weekend at the city stadium, isn't it?" No wonder he had returned.
Shortly after, Lemira emerged from the restroom.
Spotting the two men outside, she asked, "Where's Matthew?"
Hearing Lemira mention Matthew made Orion's eyelid twitch: "He's got a dinner plan with some friends."
"Oh, is that so? You know such impressive people, then why didn't you mention it when he logged into your account?"
Facing Lemira's inquiry felt like walking to the gallows for Orion.
He tried to sound nonchalant: "Impressive? I wouldn't say that."
A bit of arrogance in his tone there.
After all, Matthew was arguably the most promising contender for the national team, blessed with talent, a good family background, free from pressure, and fair treatment. Locking eyes with Orion's deep gaze, Lemira noted, "Well, you're pretty good at gaming too."
Thaddeus quickly changed the subject: "Hey Lemon, there's this Al networking event tomorrow afternoon. Maple Group got an invite, you should come too. Just got the heads-up." "Sure, I'll be there."
Orion spoke up: "I can give you a ride home."
"No need, I've already called an Uber. See you tomorrow!"
Orion stood still, watching Lemira get into her ride and leave.
Thaddeus clicked his tongue: "Think Lemon's onto something?"
Orion watched the departing car, his profile half-shrouded in the streetlight's shadow, making his expression hard to read.
Back in her dorm, Lemira lay on her bed, her thoughts in turmoil over Matthew's account.
But then, many gamers share the same names; it might not even be his account. Perhaps she was just connecting dots that weren't there.
Lemira didn't sleep well that night.
The next day, she arrived early at the venue
carry addeus mentioned,
carrying her laptop. After all, she
wnevol.ne
was the technical lead for Alin her team. , FindNovel
The conference room was nearly empty when she found a seat and opened her laptop to prepare her materials, still distracted by the account issue from the night before. 
"Lemira, you're the only one here? Where's the rest of the Maple Group?" she looked up to see Evelina approaching.
"They haven't arrived yet. But did you bring what I asked for?" Lemira inquired without changing her expression.
Evelina lowered her voice: "I'm still
working on it. I'm here to get
involved in this project to have
wn
chance at accessing the data you want." 
"You better hurry, then. If I don't get the data before the bidding, I'll have to release that video clip I have," Lemira warned. Evelina's face drained of color just as Alaric approached.
Trying to deflect, Evelina said, "Oh, the big game is this weekend at the stadium, you going, Lemira? Alaric's got a bunch of tickets!" Lemira saw Alaric and played along, "Of course, but I've already got a VIP seat reserved by the captain of the Reapers."
"Seriously considering joining the Reapers?" Alaric's face fell at the mention of his rival team.
"None of your business!"
Seeing the Maple Group team arriving, Lemira stood up and exited the conference room.
Alaric, frustrated, followed: "Lemira, we need to talk!"
Evelina, about to leave, noticed Lemira's laptop left open on the table, screen still glowing.
She hesitated for a moment before sitting down at Lemira's seat and began snapping photos of the files on the screen with her phone. "What are you doing?"
Evelina looked up to see Alaric, her face turning ghostly pale.
###Chapter 319
Evelina broke out in a cold sweat, her hands trembling so much that she couldn't even hold her phone steady.
She scrambled away from Lemira's desk in a panic.
But Alaric blocked her way, his tone serious and demanding, "You haven't answered my question, Evelina. What were you doing just now?"
Evelina's hands shook uncontrollably, and she couldn't bring herself to meet Alaric's gaze.
Stammering, she managed to get out, "I-I was just trying to help Asher's project win the bid. After all, Maple Group is currently his competitor, and I wanted to lend a hand." "You wanted to help, I get that. But do you realize that what you were doing is illegal? And not to mention, it could seriously hurt Lemira!"
Alaric was flabbergasted that Evelina would stoop to such lows!
Suddenly, Lucian's words came flooding back to him, "Could it be that the surveillance footage from the café was true?"
"Alaric, it's not what you think."
But Alaric wasn't in the mood to listen to Evelina's explanations, insisting sternly, "You need to go apologize to Lemira, now!"
Even though he had his differences with Lemira, even contemplating convincing her not to join the Reapers just moments ago, he would never stoop to such lows.
Evelina's voice was laced with desperation, her panic evident, "Alaric, I was just doing this for Asher, please don't tell anyone."
If Lemira found out, it would be the end of her.
Knowing Lemira's character, she would never tolerate such betrayal!
Alaric was incredulous, "You're saying Asher asked you to steal Lemira's documents?"
"Yes, why else would I take such a risk? There's nothing in it for me."
In her frantic state, Evelina used Asher as a shield.
Alaric paused, taken aback by the revelation that Asher had put Evelina up to this.
Given Asher's nature, it wasn't out of character for him to resort to such tactics, especially since he harbored strong animosity towards Lemira recently.
Evelina saw an opportunity as Alaric
wavered, quickly pressing her advantage, "Lucian has put half of his fortune into this project, just to get a foothold in Orvin. If the project fails, t would be a severe blow to
him!" 
"But this doesn't justify using such underhanded tactics. Can't you win on your own merits? Does Asher really need to go to such lengths against Lemira?"
Alaric still sensed something was off but couldn't quite put his finger on it.
"Alaric, it's not about going to extreme lengths. Asher just thinks Lemira isn't cut out for the business limelight Besides, she's already
crossed the Sinclairs, which wie net
make her path forwarde might
Lemira fails this time, she
finally stick to her studies and stay out of trouble." 
Alaric fell silent, absorbing her words.
Evelina continued, "Look at how famous Lemira is now, she doesn't even consider the Langston family anymore. She even threatened to join your rivals, the Reapers, clearly showing she doesn't care about your stance. Asher's idea is to give Lemira a reality check, so she realizes how good she had it with the Langstons.
Maybe then, she won't join the Reapers and might stay with your team instead. After all, we're family, aren't we?"
Alaric pondered her last statement, wondering if Lemira would indeed remain with his team.
"What are you two whispering about over here?"
Lemira suddenly approached, catching them off guard.
Evelina, startled, quickly covered, "Nothing much, just discussing team matters with Alaric. You're now the captain of the Orvin University Team, do you still need to join the Reapers?"
"Well, it's not a bad option, considering the Reapers' strength, benefits, and promising future!"
Lemira returned to her seat, noticing something off with her computer, her lips curling into a cold smirk.
She looked up, "You two, did you mess with my computer?"
"No, Alaric and I have been chatting here the whole time. Maybe someone else touched your computer. Right, Alaric?"
Evelina glanced at Alaric, her heart pounding in her throat.
Don't say it, please don't!
Alaric gave a noncommittal nod, then turned to Lemira with a serious expression, "Asher is determined to win this bid at all costs. He'll use whatever means necessary. You're just an employee here; it might be best to walk away." 
###Chapter 320
"Who says I'm just an employee? If we win this bid, I'll be getting stock options and shares in Maple Group."
After Lemira finished speaking, Evelina couldn't hide her astonished expression. Was Maple Group really that generous? No wonder Lemira was so desperate to get the data from Asher!
Evelina felt a pang of jealousy, realizing her own efforts wouldn't let Lemira have all the glory.
Alaric, however, had a complex look on his face.
Evelina was right; Lemira was becoming more and more successful and didn't even consider the Langstons anymore.
If Lemira faced a downfall and hit a rough patch, that's when she'd realize the worth of the Langston family.
Then, he could help Lemira out.
Maybe then, Lemira would stick with family and rejoin his team.
Alaric regretted not seizing earlier opportunities and wished for a reset.
This could be his chance.
Seeing Alaric didn't blow her cover, Evelina quickly said, "Alaric, let's go. Asher should be here any minute." Without saying a word, Alaric followed Evelina out.
Lemira sat in front of her computer, glanced at the PowerPoint on her desktop, and shut it down.
Soon after, the folks from Maple Group arrived.
"The boss, Mr. Draven, said he couldn't make it. We'll handle things on our end," the team leader said.
"Sure."
Lemira found it odd that Thaddeus didn't show, especially since he invited her to join yesterday. But she brushed it off, assuming work must have come up. Before long, the room filled up.
Asher, leading a sizable entourage, walked in with an air of confidence.
Lemira glanced at Evelina, who seemed to falter under her gaze.
Asher made his way to Lemira: "Heard the Sinclairs stopped their sponsorship of your squad. With you as captain, ready to bear the costs on your own? How deep areyour pockets?" 
"My finances are none of your concern."
Asher leaned over Lemira's desk with a cold tone, "I'm offering you a way out. Admit your mistake now, and I'll cover all your club's expenses on behalf of the Sinclairs. What do you say?" 
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "Keep your peanuts to yourself. Don't embarrass yourself!"
Unintimidated, her expression was cool and defiant.
Asher glared at her, "Alright, you asked for it. I'll make sure you lose so badly, you'll acknowledge defeat willingly!"
"We'll see about that!" Lemira retorted with a bold and sharp look.
Fuming, Asher stormed back to his seat, his gaze on Lemira full of animosity.
But Lemira remained calm, unshaken by the confrontation.
The people from Maple Group were taken aback.
After all, they had done their
homework on the competition. Asher's from a well-respected family, more influential than Maple Group. 
Facing such aggression from the other boss, Lemira didn't back down.
The team leader whispered to Lemira, "Weren't you a bit too brash? They're a powerful company, after all."
"Do you have some history with Mr. Langston? Or some beef?"
Lemira nodded, "Yeah, there's history!"
Asher trying to make her bow? Not happening!
The official announcement began, prompting participating companies to present their Al projects.
The Langston Group went first.
Asher took the stage, his CEO presence commanding attention, delivering a compelling introduction. Maple Group's team members paled upon seeing their presentation.
"Lemira, why does their content sound so similar to ours?"
Lemira stood up, raising her voice, "Because they've stolen our ideas!"
###Chapter 321
The room buzzed with whispers as Lemira made her bold accusation.
Asher, cool as a cucumber, retorted, "Lemira, claiming we plagiarized your work is downright laughable. With the talent pool at our firm, why would we need to steal from a small fry like yours?" "Why not?"
After Lemira's retort, her team leader chimed in, visibly upset, "Exactly, we poured our heart and soul into it."
Asher just smirked, "Seeing our top-notch presentation, you must've felt compelled to slander us, huh?"
Lemira scoffed, "As if I need to."
"Confident, aren't you? Got any proof?"
The team leader spoke up, "Our work is the proof."
"That just proves you copied us! Right?"
Asher stood tall, looking down on Lemira, "Don't embarrass yourself. If you want to win, do it with real talent, not these cheap tricks."
Lemira clenched her teeth, "Typical, playing dirty in the business game."
Seeing Lemira's reaction, Asher's mood lifted considerably.
He taunted her, "I warned you, just admit your mistake, come back to me, but you wouldn't listen!"
The head of Maple Group turned to Lemira, "What's going on here?"
"It's obvious, Lemira must have a thing with their CEO, trying to climb the social ladder by leaking our ideas."
The boss frowned, "Lemira's not like that."
"Or she must've accidentally spilled the beans while with him!"
Lemira turned to her gossip-loving colleague, icy, "Watch your mouth. I have nothing to do with him!"
"Then how do you explain our work showing up in their presentation!"
Lemira glared at Evelina and Alaric, "You two, quite the players!"
Neither dared meet her gaze.
Asher barked, "Lemira, in business, it's survival of the fittest, lesson one. Remember that!"
A colleague stood, addressing the officials, accuse Lemira of
unethical relations with Mr.
Langston, compromising ourvel
company secrets!" 
Asher's gaze turned icy, "Slander me, and I'll sue!" "Did I say something wrong?"
"As much as it pains me to admit, Lemira is the sister I disowned! My apologies for this spectacle. She's
always been too proud, willing to do anything to get what she wants!" 
en FindNovel
After Asher revealed his relationship with Lemira, the colleague's face was a mix of shock and confusion.
Lemira, the Langston heiress?
But she never mentioned it, never flaunted luxury, totally unassuming.
The boss asked, "He's really your brother?"
"As much
he
cut
as hate to admit it, yes, brother, Asher. But weet
Ale
there's nothing between us now!" 
wno
"Good, that's what I thought. So, Lemira, about your slander, expect a legal notice from us!"
Asher was determined to make Lemira yield today!
Lemira clapped mockingly, "Bravo, but just so you know, you're the ones who'll be getting a legal notice!"
She turned to the official, "Sir, you believe me now, right?"
The middle-aged director nodded, "I understand now."
Asher looked at the director, "Sir, my sister loves to lie. She left our wealthy life behind to spite us."
The director adjusted his glasses, "But your sister showed me their work before the meeting even started." Asher's smug smile finally faded.
What?
Lemira had shown the director their work ahead of time? Why didn't he know about it?
###Chapter 322
Asher instinctively glanced at Evelina and Alaric. Did they really not see this coming?
Lemira smirked, "Stop looking their way. If those two clowns had any clue, we wouldn't have had the spectacle just now." Did she really think she'd carelessly leave her laptop behind, open to the very document?
She wasn't born yesterday!
But it seems two fools fell for it!
It was only then that Evelina realized she had been duped.
Lemira had intentionally left her laptop there for her to find!
By the time Evelina grasped the full extent of the deception, she slumped into her chair, panic-stricken. What now?
The tables turned swiftly.
With a mockingly sweet smile, Lemira said, "I believe our competition rules are clear. Any act of dishonest promotion, underhanded tactics, or unfair business practices would result in disqualification." That's when Asher realized he'd been played by Lemira too.
Her act had been so convincing, all to trap him. Now, he was at a loss for words.
Asher came today, full of confidence, determined to outshine Lemira.
Evelina had stolen Lemira's concept, which indeed was brilliant, and he used it just to be safe.
He wanted to teach Lemira a lesson!
But being caught breaking the rules meant their company would lose its chance.
Asher refused to lose!
He could afford to drop this project, but he couldn't stand losing to Lemira.
Asher turned to the director, "There's more to this story, I can explain."
"Mr. Langston, please take your seat. We have more presentations to get through. We'll discuss this matter after the event."
Reluctantly, Asher stepped down.
Lemira, laptop in hand, brushed past him.
"Winners take all, thanks for the demo!" she whispered breezily.
Asher paused, his expression darkening.
His gaze fell on Evelina, filled with a terrifying intensity.
Evelina shrank back, a cold sweat breaking out over her. She was in deep trouble!
Evelina glared at Lemira on stage,
her eyes venomous. Why wouldnret belongs to en.kikistorient
she just fall into the trap?\
couldn't she lose just once?
Why was Lemira always one step ahead?
Why was fate so unfair?
On stage, Lemira unveiled her PowerPoint, filled with ideas far removed from the original plan.
Her talk on futuristic Al concepts was groundbreaking and innovative!
Watching Lemira's riveting presentation, Asher's face turned ashen.
Clearly, Lemira had anticipated Evelina's moves.
He had underestimated Lemira this time.
Watching Lemira, dazzling and confident on stage, Asher felt a complex mix of emotions.
Lemira had indeed come a long way.
From being stubborn to becoming unbreakable!
Evelina, seething with jealousy, and Alaric, regretting his scheme against Lemira knew their relationship with her would never be the same. 
All because of Evelina!
QUMS
Twenty minutes later, Lemira concluded her impressive presentation.
The room fell silent, then erupted in
applauseted by the director,
"Incredible, Lemira. Your ideas are fascinating, though some of us might need a bit more explanation later." 
"Of course, I'd be glad to."
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief, having improvised the entire presentation.
Maple Group's members were astounded by her performance.
The team leader asked, "When did you come up with all this?"
Lemira's presentation had been exceptional!
"Just last night, it's still rough around the edges. I hadn't expected to actually use it today!"
The team leader then addressed the director confidently, "So, how shall we deal with The Langston Group's plagiarism?"
Asher's face darkened as he stared at Lemira.
###Chapter 323
Lemira locked eyes with Asher, a hint of a smile playing on her lips.
She said, "Let's wait until the event is over. No rush, especially with all these eyes on us. A copycat can't turn the tables!"
"Watch your words, Lemira!"
He couldn't believe she just called him a copycat!
Asher was fuming.
This wasn't even his original plan; he had merely adapted Lemira's idea on the fly.
Lemira just scoffed mockingly and returned to her seat among her colleagues.
The presentation continued, leaving the folks from Maple Group utterly astounded by Lemira's performance.
The man who had doubted Lemira was now sheepishly hanging his head low.
The manager hesitantly spoke up, "Lemira, that Mr. Langston is your brother after all. Are you really planning to pursue this to the end?"
It turned out Lemira was the affluent Ms. Lemira, yet so hardworking and intelligent. She left no room for the average Joe!
Lemira replied coldly, "I've already cut ties. He and I have nothing to do with each other."
The manager, trying to appeal to her familial ties, added, "But he's still your brother."
"Yeah, and he's loaded. It's a shame to cut ties, isn't it?"
Everyone dreams of having a wealthy brother!
Lemira grew impatient, "I don't need your advice. As the project's lead engineer, it's my duty to see this through. Our company's work was plagiarized, and I will get to the bottom of it!" Lemira's tone was assertive, leaving the manager no choice but to drop the subject.
Then, Lemira's phone buzzed.
She glanced at the message: [Lemira, this issue with Asher isn't his fault. Could you please let it go? Consider it a favor to me.]
Tch!
A trace of scorn flashed in Lemira's eyes. So, he was begging her?
He made it sound so pitiful, so reluctant.
Lemira met Alaric's gaze, her expression cold as she deleted the message without even considering a reply.
Alaric, seeing her reaction, knew she hadn't agreed.
Asher turned to Evelina and Alaric, "You better figure out how to explain this to me!"
His meticulously prepared project was utterly overshadowed by Lemira!
He couldn't swallow this defeat.
If it weren't for Evelina's stolen ideas, none of this would have happened!
After the meeting, the director spoke briefly before concluding the session.
But nobody left; the scandal of the Langston Group's plagiarism was yet unresolved.
Everyone was eager to see the outcome.
Lemira watched as Asher, with a stern face, stood up and walked out with Evelina and Alaric.
Outside.
Asher was visibly irritated, "What are we going to do about this mess? Did you two not realize Lemira set us up?"
Imbeciles!
Evelina, tearfully, explained, "Asher, I was outsmarted by Lemira."
Alaric, glaring at Evelina, retorted, "It was clearly you who got played. should have stopped you where realized, instead of being persuaded to join you in this mess!" 
Evelina's hands trembled.
Her voice quivered, "Asher, I was blinded by the desire to see you succeed, especially with all the effort you've been putting in, and the pressure from the Sinclairs. I
thought i
Lemira failed, she'd realize how tough it is out there and come back to the Langston family. I'm sorry, Asher. It wasn't intentional on mine or Alaric's part."
Asher, frustrated, adjusted his tie, "What am I supposed to say to you two? Think of a way to fix it!"
Alaric, surprised, glanced at Evelina before saying, "Asher, this wasn't my doing! Evelina was the one who snooped on Lemira's computer!"
"It's all my fault, I did it. Alaric has nothing to do with it."
Evelina shrank back, looking utterly forlorn.
Asher glanced at Evelina, then
turned to Alaric with dissatisfaction, "You're her brother. How can you just wash your hands of the affair
and let Eve take all the heat? 
Q.UMS
###Chapter 324
"It's not me, Asher, I swear! It has nothing to do with me!"
"But it was you two who came together earlier. Yeah, it was Eve doing all the talking, but you knew all about it and you were in on it too. And now that it's all coming out, you're saying it's got nothing to do with you?" Hearing Asher's words made Alaric feel like he was about to lose it.
He really hadn't done anything; it was all Evelina's idea!
Alaric turned to Evelina: "You tell him. Tell Asher whether it was all you. I even tried to stop you!"
Evelina bit her lip, replying in a soft voice, "Yes, you're right, Asher. It's all me."
Asher pulled Evelina closer: "Alright, don't be scared of Alaric. I've got your back. You don't have to take all the blame by yourself."
Evelina nodded obediently: "If Lemira insists on pursuing this, then let her come after me. Don't let it affect Alaric's future."
"Evelina, what are you talking about?"
Alaric couldn't believe what he was hearing. This whole mess had nothing to do with him!
But in Asher's eyes, he was a co-conspirator too!
Lemira walked over with a smile: "So, have you figured out how to fix it? Everyone's waiting."
Asher, with a stern face, lowered his voice: "Lemira, I didn't expect you to play dirty."
"Isn't that what you taught me? I'm a quick learner, aren't I?"
Lemira's smile was unwavering: "Mr. Langston, better think about how you're gonna solve this. I'd love to learn from it too. Though, I doubt I'll ever need it!" "You!"
Asher was fuming.
Evelina hid behind Asher, too scared to speak, let alone face Lemira.
Asher, swallowing his anger: "What do you want, Lemira?"
"Well, you were the one who said we should let the lawyers sort it out to the fullest extent, right? I'm just following your lead. Let's let the lawyers handle it!" Lemira's tone was calm, her gaze steady.
Asher, through gritted teeth: "I'll give you $5 as compensation, and we'll call it even."
"Too bad. I think having you lose the bidding opportunity is a much better deal."
"Lemira, don't push it!"
Lemira covered her mouth, raising her voice deliberately: "Me, pushing it? I'm just following the rules. How's that going too far?"
"Lemira, Eve and Alaric didn't mean
it, they just got careless. You can't seriously be considering holding them responsible over such a small mistake?" 
"You're saying they 'accidentally' sat in front of my computer, 'accidentally went through my designs page by page, 'accidentally took detailed pictures, and then 'accidentally' found you to hand over my ideas, which you 'accidentally' integrated into your PowerPoint presentation to 'accidentally' showcase? 
That kind of careless?"
Lemira's voice was icy: "Or maybe you think they just 'accidentally' got caught, with irrefutable evidence, facing these consequences?" Asher was so angry, he could explode!
But he had no comeback.
"Lemira, why do you have to be so infuriating? I've been working abroad for years, and I had no idea you turned out like this."
Asher still remembered Lemira as a sweet and obedient little sister.
Lemira's tone was indifferent, with a hint of authority.
That's when Asher realized Lemira was no longer the timid and shy sister from before.
Asher softened his tone: "What do you want, just so you won't pursue this? Lemira, despite everything, we're still family. Can't we talk it out?" 
Lemira's smile was laced with irony. Now they were family?
Her voice was hollow: "There's nothing to discuss!"
She knew Asher's tricks all too well.
Such incidents had happened countless times before!
Lemira turned to the director: "I demand that the Langston Group's bidding rights be revoked!" "Lemira, you wouldn't dare!"
###Chapter 325
Asher's face turned an ashen shade of fury in an instant!
He couldn't believe Lemira actually had the guts to pull this off!
Lemira's lips curled into a frosty smirk, "The evidence is irrefutable, and there's a crowd of witnesses. I suppose the Langston Group has no leg to stand on now, do they?"
The middle-aged director stepped forward, "The rest of you, disperse. We will handle this matter properly and issue a statement."
He wanted the onlookers gone, to prevent the situation from escalating and causing undesirable repercussions.
Once the area was cleared, the director spoke, "Mr. Langston, I believe the truth of the matter is clear without further explanation. As per the regulations, your bid will be disqualified!" Despite the Langston Group being a formidable entity, rules were rules, and they couldn't be bent.
Upon hearing this verdict, Asher turned to Lemira, "Are you happy now?"
Lemira barely lifted an eyelid, "Somewhat, thanks for the demonstration."
Enraged, Asher pointed at Lemira's face, "Lemira!"
Lemira slapped his hand away, "This is what you call karma!"
A representative from Maple Group intervened, "Sir, it's not like Lemira forced you to steal the idea, nor did she coerce you into using it! This is all on you, why blame her?" Initially, the representative thought Lemira's decision to sever ties was a bit harsh.
But now, he didn't think so anymore.
A clean break was best. Such family, better off without!
Asher was left speechless, "This is our family matter!"
"But she's severed ties with you, she's not family anymore."
"Yet Lemira will always have the Langston blood, nothing can change that!"
Lemira glanced at the representative, "I'm fine. Let's just get our lawyer to handle this."
"Sure, the idea was yours after all. You call the shots!"
The Langstons' attitude was infuriating. How could they be so biased?
As if Lemira was the plagiarizer!
Clearly, Lemira was the victim!
"Now, I guess it's time for the truth."
Evelina suddenly looked up, "Asher, actually, Lemira deliberately gave me the document to pass to you, then expose you in front of everyone, ensuring the Langston Group lost the bid!" 
Alaric looked at Evelina in shock, "Why would you lie?"
That wasn't what happened at all!
Evelina bit her lip, determined,
"Alaric, you don't know about it. It's a deal between me and Lemira. But now, to save Asher's company from losing the bid, I can't hide thetruth anymore." 
Asher, surprised, asked, "Eve, why would you make such a deal with her?"
Tears filled Evelina's eyes, "Because Lemira blackmailed me with footage from that night at the bar. She had a backup, I didn't comply, she'd give it to the Sinclairs, claiming I
intentionally kept the video
els
Susanna committing a crime. I was
Scared, I had no choice!"
Lemira, hearing Evelina's barrage of lies, couldn't help but retort, "Evelina, were you a storyteller in your past life?"
Such a talent for fabrication!
"Lemmy, even if you threatened me with that video, I must reveal the truth!"
Alaric cut Evelina off, "Do you have proof?"
"Yes, this is the message she sent me: telling me to think carefully about my next steps!"
Evelina pulled up a message on her phone.
After a glance, Asher turned to Lemira, "What do you have to say? Did you send this?" Lemira nodded, "I did."
But it's a completely different context!
She couldn't believe Evelina would go to such lengths to absolve herself with lies!
"Lemira, I can't believe you'd stoop so low, using such despicable methods. Let that be, but you shouldn't have threatened Eve. If you have a problem, come at me!" Evelina tugged on Asher's arm, "Asher, this is between Lemmy and me, but I can't drag you into this!"
###Chapter 326
Asher looked at the director, his voice tinged with frustration, "The whole mess was orchestrated by Lemira. I had no clue about it. We're not going to just sit down and accept disqualification." The director was momentarily stunned, his gaze flickering towards Lemira.
Lemira, with a smug chuckle, turned towards Evelina, who was trying her best to hide behind Asher, "Oh, there's something I'd love to show you all."
Evelina's face went pale in an instant.
She wasn't sure if this gamble would pay off.
Just moments before, she had received a message from her father: [Lemira doesn't have a backup of the surveillance footage]
So, Evelina took a leap of faith.
After all, how much worse could it get?
She bet that Lemira couldn't produce the surveillance footage!
Asher scoffed, "You're thinking of pulling up the bar's surveillance tape, aren't you, Lemira? I don't want to see it!"
"I do."
Alaric's gaze was fixed on Lemira, curious about the surveillance footage that Lucian had mentioned.
Was it really as Lucian said, that Evelina sprayed something on Lemira?
Even without the footage, witnessing Evelina's lie firsthand was enough for Alaric. He had his answer.
He should have believed Lucian from the start.
Asher shot Alaric a glare, "Don't look at it. It's not worth it."
Seeing Asher's protective stance, Evelina's heart fluttered with silent triumph. Her gamble had paid off.
Even if Lemira actually had the backup, Asher wouldn't side with her.
Speaking in a timid voice, Evelina pleaded, "Asher, everything I did that night at the bar was because Susanna forced me. It wasn't intentional."
"I believe you," he said, turning towards Lemira. "You've got no leverage now. Let's see what you can do about it."
Evelina felt a surge of relief. Lemira couldn't touch her now.
"Who says I don't?"
Lemira pulled out her phone, tapping on a video.
It perfectly captured Evelina sitting in front of a computer, snapping photos with her phone.
It even recorded the conversation between Alaric and Evelina when he discovered her!
Lemira paused when she heard Alaric urging Evelina to apologize.
But in the end, Evelina had convinced him!
They thought they could make her fail?
Send her back to the Langston family with her tail between her legs?
Hah, so that was their plan, to keep using her!
After the video finished, the room fell into a deafening silence.
Lemira's gaze on Evelina was cold a smirk playing on her lips, "Does this scene look familiar to you?"
to en.kikistori
Evelina, overwhelmed with fear, collapsed to the floor, trembling uncontrollably, her mind a blank slate.
She hadn't anticipated that Lemira's evidence would be the very thing she had secretly recorded!
Her lies had crumbled around her.
In a panic, Evelina looked up at Asher, "Asher, I..."
Asher coldly withdrew his hand, pinching the bridge of his nose
before glaring at Lemira, "I didn
expect you to have a trump card up your sleeve!" 
Lemira could have revealed this evidence right from the start.
But she chose to wait.
Until now, striking them with a devastating blow.
Asher was consumed with agitation, knowing that with this video, Langston Group had just lost
the
ternet
bid. 
Lemira had won.
The director spoke up, "Mr. Langston, do you have anything else to say?"
Asher's face was taut, "I have nothing to say."
The mounting evidence made the Langston Group's previous defenses seem like a bad joke. The more they spoke, the more they erred.
"Lemira, so you had everything planned from the start, scheming against your own family?" Lemira's response was calm and measured, "You were the one who threatened me first."
She hadn't intended for things to go this way.
It was the Langstons who pushed her to it.
Adding, "Besides, you're not my family. You don't deserve to be!"
Asher, infuriated, raised his hand to strike Lemira.
Without missing a beat, Lemira caught his wrist.
She twisted, and with a fluid motion, sent him over her shoulder with a judo throw.
###Chapter 327
Lemira executed a perfect over-the-shoulder throw, sending Asher crashing to the ground.
The move was so swift and fluid, it took everyone a moment to even realize what had happened!
It wasn't until Asher was lying there, his face contorted in pain, that the reality of the situation sunk in.
Evelina was the first to snap out of it, rushing over to Asher's side. "Asher, are you okay?"
Asher managed a weak wave of his hand as he coughed, though it was clear he was anything but okay. Evelina turned to Lemira, frustration in her voice. "Lemira, how could you hit someone like that?"
Lemira brushed off her hands nonchalantly. "Wasn't he the one who started it?"
She had been secretly taking boxing classes just for this moment!
Evelina was at a loss for words. "But it's Asher. You could have seriously hurt him."
The head of Maple Group couldn't help but interject. "If Lemira hadn't defended herself, what was she supposed to do? Just stand there and take it?"
An outspoken colleague couldn't keep silent any longer. "Look, girl, your bias is showing. The one who throws the first punch is in the wrong! If this were taken to the police, Lemira would be in the clear for self-defense! Now I see why she chose to work here instead of living off her family's fortune. To anyone not in the know, you'd think Lemira was your servant!"
Evelina was left speechless, retreating to try and curry favor with Asher, the only person she felt she could rely on.
Lemira looked down at Asher, still sitting on the ground. "I'm not that helpless kid anymore."
Nor was she the girl to be manipulated by financial control or familial guilt!
Asher, feeling utterly humiliated, warned Lemira, "You'll regret it!"
"I already do," Lemira shot back, "regretting not realizing this sooner!"
As Lemira made to leave, Alaric stepped in front of her. "I meant to stop Evelina. I got caught up in her words too!"
"Caught up? Seems like you were thinking the same thing!"
She accused him of wanting to clip her wings and keep her under control.
What kind of brother was that?
Alaric looked away guiltily, trying to explain himself. "I didn't mean to."
"But you did it anyway, didn't you? Get out of my way!"
Lemira stormed off without looking back.
Alaric watched her leave, suddenly feeling unsteady on his feet.
He turned his glare towards Evelina, his eyes filled with a frightening intensity.
Evelina, feeling the weight of his stare, shrank back, suggesting timidly to Asher, "Let's get you to the
content belongs to
Asher was livid, humiliated by his defeat in front of Lemira.
He ordered his secretary in a fit of rage, "Find a way to blacklist Maple Group. A small company from tyria doesn't deserve to set foot in Orvin!" 
"Asher, isn't this a bit much?"
"This is my decision!" Asher coughed, struggling to breathe, likely with a fractured rib.
He hadn't expected Lemira to have become so formidable.
Evelina, avoiding Alaric's gaze, followed Asher out.
Alaric was left alone, fighting back tears he couldn't shed.
He'd wanted to mend fences with Lemira, but everything had gone wrong.
He remembered Lucian's warning not to trust Evelina, realizing too late that he had been deceived.
It was his fault Lucian's project was now disqualified, losing a fortune in the process.
Lemira joined her colleagues at Maple Group.
The manager tried to comfort her. "You're better off without such a family. You can do great on
own."
An embarrassed colleague apologized. "Sorry for what I said earlier. I didn't know you had it so tough." Lemira was used to it by now. The ones who should be worried were them, not her.
Thinking back to the Langstons' expressions lightened her mood.
"Looks like you made quite the impression today," Thaddeus greeted her with a smile at the office door. Lemira's gaze shifted past Thaddeus, locking on the man seated on the sofa.
###Chapter 328
Was Orion also in?
Thaddeus stepped aside, making a welcoming gesture, "Come in, let's put everything on hold and celebrate this brilliant woman's stellar performance today!"
Lemira walked into the office, a smile playing on her lips, "The Langston Group just lost their bid, we're set to win this one."
"Lemira, that judo throw you did was absolutely badass."
Lemira froze, "How did you know about that?"
"I wasn't there, but I've got my sources."
Lemira noticed Orion glancing her way and replied, "Been practicing boxing lately!"
Orion spoke up, "Where do you practice?"
"At the gym, I've bought a bunch of classes!"
Orion remembered she did mention going to the gym before, but he hadn't realized it wasn't just for working out. Lemira changed the subject, "Should we get our lawyers on the case with The Langston Group stealing our ideas?" "Absolutely, but let's also take a moment to congratulate you on becoming the youngest partner in our company!" Thaddeus handed Lemira a document, "Take a look, let me know if you have any requests regarding your new position!" Lemira glanced at the contract, "You're making me a partner?"
"Right, your outstanding performance has definitely caught the eye of our competitors, and I need to ensure we keep you on board!" Lemira was pleasantly surprised.
After reading through the document, she signed it without hesitation.
Thaddeus then passed it to Orion, "Alright, let's have a meeting together."
Lemira saw Orion holding her contract, and he also stood up to join them in the conference room.
He was joining the meeting too?
Orion took a seat next to Thaddeus, clearly holding a significant position.
Lemira sat with the tech team, directly across from Orion.
She hadn't expected Orion to be part of the meeting.
The team leader whispered, "Lemira, why keep staring at Mr. Everhart?"
Snapping back to reality, Lemira quickly averted her gaze, feeling her cheeks warm up slightly.
She explained, "Just lost in thought for a moment."
Lemira looked at the team leader, "You call him Mr. Everhart?"
"Yes, he's like a consultant for the company, quite a mystery but not a shareholder. He's got a good relationship with Mr. Draven." Consultant?
Lemira glanced over and saw Orion casually sitting, flipping through the contract she had just signed.
His long fingers rhythmically tapped on the document.
After the meeting, when everyone else had left, only the three of them remained.
Lemira hesitated before speaking, "You've been on a business trip here, can you really afford to skip work like that?"
"I quit my job."
Orion held her contract, his finger resting on her signature, slowly tracing over it.
Why did he suddenly decide to switch jobs and come to Orvin?
It seemed like in a previous life,
Orion hadn't been a school doctoret
for long before he left to start a business with the Maple Group. 
Lemira realized, Orion's life trajectory hadn't changed.
QUMS
What changed was her.
She couldn't help but think about Orion's gaming account. If she hadn't met Orion in the infirmary, would he still use that alternate account to play games? 
Probably not.
So the person using that account in her previous life was likely Matthew!
No wonder he always refused to meet in person, probably didn't want to reveal his identity. Lemira packed up and left Maple Group.
But just as she reached the curb, a car pulled up, and a man in a suit stepped out, "Ms. Lemira, I'm Mr.
Asher's secretary. Regarding thonet
incident earlier, he's requested to have a personal discussion with you at his residence." 
A personal discussion at his home?
She had no home to speak of anymore.
Lemira's lips curved into a cold smile, "I won't be going."
But then two more men stepped out of the car, blocking Lemira's path.
"Ms. Lemira, apologies, but you must come with us."
###Chapter 329
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. Ah, coercion, that's just so typical of him.
It was they who were in the wrong, yet they insisted on dragging her into negotiations, not even allowing her the option to refuse.
"What's going on here?"
A group of Lemira's colleagues had gathered behind her, the team leader stepping forward to address the secretary, "Trying to kidnap her in broad daylight, are you?"
The secretary's face went through a palette of colors. "I'm just here to take Ms. Lemira home."
"If she doesn't want to go, none of you can force her. We'll call the cops otherwise."
With so many colleagues by her side, the opposition beat a retreat.
Lemira turned to thank her colleagues. "Thanks, guys."
"No biggie. We were just leaving work and saw what was happening. Of course, we'd look out for you."
As Lemira watched her colleagues leave, her spirits lifted slightly.
After leaving the Langston family's circle, the people she met seemed far more normal.
Lemira then hailed a cab back to the university.
Upstairs.
Orion returned to his office, leaning over to sign a contract.
Thaddeus glanced over, "You're really willing to hand her a whole publicly traded company, huh? Big spender."
The Al project was promising, with a bright future ahead.
With Orion's secret backing, once the project went public, Lemira could soon find herself a billionaire partner, perhaps by the age of 20. "This is nothing."
Orion noticed Lemira's name written on the contract, elegant and graceful.
He also noted how Lemira had been keeping her distance. Before the accident, she had relied on him so much.
Orion stored the contract in a safe, murmuring, "Send a legal notice to the Langston Group!"
Although he wasn't at the scene today, he knew what had happened.
But he hadn't expected Lemira to set a trap; she had grown so much.
---
After returning to her dorm, Lemira headed straight to the gym to practice boxing.
Her mind wandered as she trained, constantly thinking about Orion's resignation. He really stayed in Orvin?
She had thought that after he returned, they would seldom meet again.
The coach noticed her lack of focus. "Lemira, you're not quite yourself today."
Lying on the mat, Lemira admitted, "I'm just tired."
"Let's call it a day then. Do some warm-ups and skip the sparring. Don't want you getting hurt."
Lemira nodded, taking a break to drink some water.
After changing, she prepared to head to the E-sports team's base for a meeting.
After all, she was now the team captain.
Seeing her emerge from the
bathroom, Janice said, "I've already had a meeting with the seniors to discuss the team's issues and compiled everything. You can take a look when you get there." 
"You've already had the meeting?"
"Yeah, I knew you were busy this afternoon, and the base has been a bit chaotic, so I discussed it with the seniors first."
"Thanks. So, the biggest issue is the Sinclairs pulling their sponsorship?"
"Exactly. And after they did, other companies followed suit, probably after a nudge from the Sinclairs."
Lemira wasn't surprised by this development.
Arriving at the base, it was noticeably quiet, a stark contrast to its usual buzz.
"A word from Susanna, and it's like declaring war against her and the Business School if anyone decides to stay on the team," one of the seniors mentioned. 
Lemira's lips twisted into a familiar cold smirk. "I'll handle it. How much are we short?"
"With the finals this weekend, we usually buy tickets for everyone to go watch. Then there's the fan shirts, and we even invite team players for a meet and greet We need about $10,000." 
###Chapter 330
"Hand over the account, let's buy tickets for the game this weekend!"
The senior looked puzzled, "With your own money?"
"Yep, let's use a hundred grand for now. I'll figure something out for more later!"
She had meant to talk to Thaddeus about sponsorship before, but never got the chance that day.
Now that she was a partner at Maple Group, maybe she had the clout?
After the meeting, Lemira felt the urgent need for recruitment.
"Let's set up a booth and recruit some new members tomorrow!"
She texted their lawyer. [Tomorrow is the final deadline.]
Lying back in her dorm, Lemira received a text from Orion.
[The gym you're going to has trainers who aren't up to snuff. You could hurt yourself. I'll find you a better place.]
Their last conversation had been days ago, right after he was discharged from the hospital and she mentioned hitting the gym. But now he was criticizing her trainer?
Lemira replied. [No need, this trainer's top-notch, used to be a pro.]
[Being a pro doesn't mean they can teach. How much do you think your little frame can handle?]
Lemira could almost see the smirk on his face as he said it.
She replied with a string of ellipses and turned off her phone to sleep.
Seeing Lemira's response, Orion tapped his screen thoughtfully. Stubborn, huh? Getting fiery.
The next day, Lemira woke up and immediately checked her phone, but Orion hadn't replied.
Yawning, she headed out to recruit for the club, but as soon as she arrived at their booth, a crowd gathered around.
People wanted her autograph, to take pictures with her.
Her senior chuckled, "Lemira, had I known you were this popular, I would've had you out here yesterday."
Just then, the crowd parted to reveal a group from the Business School, led not by Susanna, but by Dorian.
This guy was hardly ever at school, rumored to be a barfly.
Dorian, yawning and looking half asleep, called out, "Lemira, bullying Eve again last night?"
Evelina had cried to him over the phone, ruining his night out.
Lemira sat calmly, "What, looking for a fight?"
Dorian instinctively stepped back, "Don't get cocky. Susanna's word is out, no one's gonna join your team. Better resign as captain now and save us the trouble of recruiting." 
"That was yesterday. Today's a new day."
"What's different about today? The sun rise from the west?"
Just as Dorian finished, Susanna walked over, clearly unwilling.
Dorian couldn't help but mock, "See,
Lpeak of the devil. Told you recruit a soul today!"
Sentent belongs to
Lemira gave Susanna a half-smile.
Susanna clenched her teeth, then
addressed the crowd, "Listen unt
everyone. I don't care which
you
want to join, and I won't steal!" I 
The crowd was stunned.
Dorian, incredulous, blurted out, "Susanna, you feeling okay?"
Just yesterday, Susanna was all threats.
And now, this sudden turnaround?
"Mind your own business!"
Susanna glared at Dorian, then faced Lemira with resentment burning in her eyes.
She just wanted to strangle that little witch!
###Chapter 331
Lemira caught Susanna's glance, and it was clear that the Sinclairs now really cared about their reputation. Susanna struggled for words, but nothing came out.
Lemira was growing impatient, "Are you going to speak up or not?"
"Lemira, that day at the camp, I should not have embarrassed you in public. It's indeed my fault."
Susanna closed her eyes and blurted it all out in one breath.
Silence enveloped the surroundings.
Nearly everyone's jaws dropped. Susanna was actually apologizing in public?
And to Lemira, of all people!
Everyone knew that Susanna had picked a fight with Lemira on day one, spreading word for the whole school to ostracize Lemira!
But now, Susanna was actually apologizing. Lemira must be quite something!
Dorian was the first to break the silence, "Susanna, does she have something on you?"
"Mind your own business."
Susanna stormed off, no one daring to provoke her.
But the scene turned lively in no time, with the sign-up sheet being snatched up instantly.
Lemira wore a smile, looking towards Dorian, "Like I said, today is unlike any other."
"Lemira, you've got some nerve, I underestimated you. But let me warn you, don't pull any tricks on Eve, or I won't let you off!"
Lemira casually grabbed a can of Coke, "Are you leaving or not?"
Seeing the can of Coke in Lemira's hand, Dorian quickly backed off, "Just remember what I said, don't mess with Eve."
Lemira watched Dorian flee and clicked her tongue.
Coward!
Evelina actually fell for this kind of guy, probably for his family background.
In her previous life, Evelina had snatched away all her achievements and glory, winning the Dravens' approval and even got engaged to Dorian. But in this life, Evelina had nothing.
She was curious to see what tricks Evelina could play to marry into that family!
After
with
Susanna left, the team's exceeded expectation et
senior students and Janice goff their feet.
Lemira stood by, acting as the mascot.
Even so, it was somewhat tiring.
Lemira ended up eating an extra portion at the cafeteria for lunch.
With no classes in the afternoon, Lemira headed straight for the gym, having missed her workout the previous day.
Today, she intended to make up for it!
Upon arriving at the gym, Lemira found out that the coach had been changed.
"Lemira, I've hired a new coach for you to spar with from now on."
Lemira felt a bit resistant to the sudden change of coaches.
"Don't
Mr. Boris is
professional, even better than
Normally, this would cost extemeret
but
for you, it's on the house." 
No extra charge? Worth a try.
Lemira didn't think too much of it, changed into her gear, and began interacting with the new coach.
The gym aside
ner, seeing this, stepped
e a call, "Sir, everything is arranged as you instructed, don't worry, she won't get hurt!" 
After all, starting today, he was no longer the boss.
Who would have thought, someone bought the gym just to change a coach for a girl!
The world of the wealthy was beyond his comprehension!
After her training, Lemira was in high spirits.
Boris was indeed a great coach, correcting flaws she hadn't been aware of before!
Lemira glanced outside, the sun had set, and the evening glow streamed through the glass.
Holding her water bottle, she admired the sunset outside.
"Is the new coach professional?"
"Very professional, much better than the owner".
Lemira looked up to see Orion standing behind a pillar, what's he doing here?
He leaned against the pillar, his figure almost blending into it.
###Chapter 332
If it hadn't been for his own voice breaking the silence, it's likely nobody would have even noticed he was there.
Lemira couldn't hide her surprise, "What are you doing here?"
"Didn't I tell you last night?"
He turned slightly, a teasing gleam in his eyes.
Lemira caught on to what he meant. Oh, this guy!
Orion walked towards her, dressed in sweatpants and a hoodie, the epitome of casual.
Lemira pieced it together: "You arranged for the coach?"
"It doesn't matter."
"How does it not matter?"
Orion jumped onto the boxing ring, slipping on his gloves. "Wanna spar for a bit?"
Lemira looked at him, suddenly itching to land a few punches on that handsome face!
She stepped in too: "Sure, have you ever sparred before?"
"Just messed around a few times."
"Perfect, so you can't say I was picking on you later. The coach says I've got a knack for this." Lemira put on her gloves, all eager and ready. Knocking him down would surely feel satisfying. Orion stepped forward: "Come on."
Lemira launched into attack, but Orion dodged smoothly.
She began to take it seriously, but couldn't land a hit. It was as if he could predict her every move.
Impossible!
Orion's gaze darkened: "Focus. I'm starting for real now."
He's starting now?
Before Lemira could react, a punch sent her tumbling to the ground.
Frustrated but determined, Lemira fought back with all her might, her strength certainly an advantage.
Yet, she still found herself outmatched, practically panting like a dog, while he seemed to be having an easy time!
By the time Orion had her pinned down for the last time, she gave up struggling.
"So tired... Orion, you sure you've only 'messed around' a few times?"
He seemed way too professional.
He held her wrists, a smug smile playing on his lips. "Yep."
"Liar."
"I'm just better than a beginner. It's normal for you not to beat me!"
Feeling somewhat defeated, Lemira suddenly pointed behind him: "What's that?"
As Orion turned to look, she launched a sneak attack.
But he caught her wrists again, shifting his weight to pin her down.
Close up, Lemira's breathing became erratic.
Their proximity was undeniable.
Breathless and sweat mingling, the pace of their hearts matched the intensity of the moment.
Lemira quickly let go, and he too rolled aside, pausing momentarily.
Lying side by side, neither spoke.
Lemira's heart raced, uncertain if it was the exertion or something else stirring her.
She moved slightly, her hand
brushing his arm. She withdrew et
little but could still feel the heat emanating from him, impossible to ignore. 
Orion stared at the ceiling, sweat trickling down his temples.
Her rapid breathing filled his ears, reminding him of a night long past.
His hand slowly clenched. Damn.
After a while, their breathing stabilized.
Lemira turned her head, catching
sight of the sunset, now a deepene red, casting a beautiful glow through
the window. Content belong
She couldn't help but speak, "Orion, look at the sunset."
He sat up: "Where?"
"Right over there."
As Lemira turned back, her face met Orion's, their noses almost touching.
Their closeness felt electric, almost as if they were about to kiss.
Lemira's mind exploded, the world
around
Silenced, leaving only the
sound of their pounding hearts 
Like drums!
swnoe
In Orion's deep gaze, there was nothing but her, rendering everything else invisible.
###Chapter 333
Suddenly, voices from outside broke the silence, and the two of them quickly put some distance between themselves. Lemira scrambled to her feet, "I- I'm gonna go change."
Orion sat up, watching her retreat in haste.
He laid back down, his heart had been racing too, nearly leaping out of his chest.
He turned his head, catching sight of the sunset outside. It was indeed beautiful.
But not as beautiful as her.
---
Back in the locker room, Lemira sat down, covering her face with her hands, taking a long time to calm down.
Was her heartbeat that loud just now?
Did he hear it?
Lemira rubbed her face and went to shower, feeling sore all over.
After changing, she walked out with her hair dried and draped over her shoulders, looking serene.
She glanced around subconsciously, not seeing Orion anywhere. Had he left?
Reaching for her phone to send a message, she hesitated.
"Aren't you leaving?"
Orion stood in front of her, already in fresh clothes, his hair still damp.
Lemira put away her phone and walked over, and they slowly made their way outside, both carrying the scent of the gym's body wash.
As the sun set, darkness crept in around them.
Reaching the bottom of the building, Lemira stopped. "I need to head back to my dorm."
"Hmm, make sure to apply some ice to your arm. You can't train intensely every day; you'll hurt yourself."
His voice was low and stern, causing her to look down, avoiding his gaze. "I know how to take care of myself."
"Training like your life depends on it, one would think you were preparing for battle."
His words were sharp as ever!
Lemira looked up at him defiantly. "Yes, I am preparing for battle."
"What are you afraid of?"
Orion
the one change in her tone
but couldn't quite grasp her thoughts due to the distance she was maintaining. 
Was she worried about the Sinclairs?
But he had already put pressure on them, and Susanna had publicly apologized today.
Lemira forced a casual tone, "I'm not afraid of anything, just want to make myself stronger."
Only by becoming stronger can she protect herself and those around her.
"I should head back to the dorm now."
Noticing others' glances, she turned and left.
Orion stood there, watching her determined, retreating figure.
He remembered their first encounter in the infirmary; she was so downcast and depressed.
Now, she had developed quite the temper.
Back in her dorm, Lemira thought about their sparring session in the
gym, how they almost vehet
She covered her eyes with her hand, feeling the soreness in her arms. "Lemira, your package."
She stood up to see Janice holding out a parcel, "I didn't order anything."
"But it's got your name on it. Maybe take a look?"
Lemira opened it to find ointment
and a book on boxing, detailing how
to train without getting injuredel?
She knew immediately who it was from.
Taking a photo, she sent it to Orion: [Did you send them?]
[Very effective.]
His reply was succinct.
Lemira applied the ointment, with Janice helping her with her back.
Janice, curious, asked, "Who sent the ointment? Your boyfriend?" "No, just a friend."
Lemira looked at the book on the table, feeling almost mocked by Orion. She grabbed her phone again, sending Orion a digital tip.
###Chapter 334
The guy sent back a text: [?]
[No reward without effort.]
After sending the message, Lemira didn't get a reply for a while, and it seemed he didn't accept the digital cash gift either.
The next day, Lemira woke up to find the muscle soreness had doubled, but the areas where he'd applied the muscle rub felt significantly better.
Orion had been spot-on with his guess.
Lemira grabbed his textbooks and joined Janice to head downstairs, ready to go to class.
But outside the dorm, he spotted Alaric.
Tall with handsome features, Alaric stood outside, drawing the gaze of many girls.
Lemira glanced at him and continued walking straight ahead.
But sometimes, you just can't avoid certain situations.
"Lemira, wait up."
Lemira frowned: "Move, I need to get to class."
"I just want to talk for a bit. It won't take long. I can also wait for you after class."
It was clear he insisted on having a conversation.
Lemira was impatient: "Speak."
Alaric's expression was uneasy, his voice hoarse: "This mess was caused by Evelina and me, Lucian had nothing to do with it. He put half his fortune into this project. If he loses the bid..." "Stop, you're pleading, right?"
Alaric nodded, cautious: "I can compensate you, but can you please not pursue Lucian's responsibility?"
Lemira smirked: "And how do you propose I do that?"
"Tell the organizers that the Langston Group didn't steal your idea, that we're all family here, and it was just a little joke."
Lemira laughed: "Such an absurd request could only come from the Langstons."
"Lemira, I didn't mean anything by it."
Janice couldn't stand it anymore: "Sir, have you considered the consequences for Lemira if she told the organizers that? Would her colleagues continue to trust her? 
en FindNovel
You're just trying to clear your name but leaving Lemira to face the consequences alone. How's that fair?" Janice was furious.
During the team selection, it's clear how biased the Langstons were, but this was outrageous!
Alaric, left speechless, looked at Lemira: "I know this is a tough request."
"If you knew it was tough, you
shouldn't have said it. But you did, which shows you think it's okay for Lemira to be put in a difficult
position. You don't care about her at all; you don't deserve to be her brother!" 
Alaric, thoroughly rebuked, couldn't reply.
Janice to Lemira: "Let's go, or we'll be late for class."
Lemira turned to Alaric: "Received the lawsuit yet?"
"Lawsuit? Are you serious about suing us?"
Alaric's eyes were incredulous, as if he couldn't believe it.
Lemira's lips curled in mockery: "Better hire a good lawyer."
Lemira and Janice walked away.
Alaric stood there, a bittersweet smile on his face.
He thought Lemira, despite being angry, wouldn't go to such lengths. Was she really suing him?
Just then, Evelina rushed over, panic in her voice.
"Alaric, Lemira really sued us. The
legal notice has been delivered to Asher, what do we do? What did Lemira say when you talked
Alaric slumped, unable to stand straight.
Swner?"
His eyes were red with anger: "Evelina, this is all your fault."
###Chapter 335
Alaric was kicking himself now, truly.
He should've listened to Lucian sooner. Then, he wouldn't have fallen for Evelina's tricks yesterday.
Had he called her out then and there, Lemira wouldn't be this furious, and Lucian's project wouldn't have lost its shot at the big league.
Evelina took a few steps back, "Alaric, I was doing it for Asher's investment, for Lucian's project, you know. I didn't see Lemira's trap coming!"
"A trap?"
"Yes, a trap! Lemira clearly set us up to fall!"
Alaric's face hardened, "It was you who jumped, dragging me along. You were the one who plagiarized, you plotted against Lemira first, leading to this mess! This is all on you!"
Hearing Evelina twist the facts, Alaric might have believed it was Lemira's fault in the past.
But not this time, he had seen everything with his own eyes.
This had nothing to do with Lemira; it was Evelina trying to outsmart Lemira and failing miserably.
Evelina shrank back, not expecting Alaric to be so clear-headed and not fall for it this time!
She was slightly agitated deep down.
She looked at Alaric, "But Alaric, remember, you tacitly approved of what I did, suggesting you were on the same page as me, right?"
"Shut it, don't lump me with you!"
Alaric was furious but felt a twinge of guilt too.
"Alaric, do I need to remind you? Not just this time, but think about the recent team issue. Weren't you also hoping Lemira would slink back to the Langston family, then join your team for the tournament?" Evelina's eyes were mocking, "You're just pinning everything on me. That's hardly fair."
"Evelina, I can't believe you're this kind of person!"
Alaric grabbed Evelina's shoulders, "You need to clear this up with Asher, I'm not involved in this mess."
"And you think Asher would believe that?"
Alaric paused, "So, this is the real you, huh?"
Evelina put on an innocent face, "Alaric, I've always been like this. It's you who can't face what you've done." "Enough, stop talking."
Alaric pushed Evelina away, but Sed and fell, hitting her forehead on the step, blood
immediately started flowingyel.ne
Seeing the blood, Alaric was taken aback.
That's when Lucian came over, quickly helping Evelina up, "Alaric, what are you doing?"
Alaric was stunned, "I didn't mean to."
Seeing Lucian help her, Evelina quickly put on a surprised look, "Lucian, it's not Alaric's fault, I wasn't
swnovel
steady, it wasn't on pove
Lucian, hearing Evelina's insincere words, let go in disgust.
He turned to Alaric, "Alaric, what exactly happened with you and Evelina yesterday? I got a lawyer's letter Maple Group, representing Lemira, is suing you both." 
Alaric's face fell.
"Sorry, Lucian, I messed up."
He should've stopped Evelina.
Lucian was anxious, "What happened, why didn't you involve me in yesterday's meeting?"
Evelina spoke up, "Asher said you needed rest, told us not to bother you with this."
Mainly because it involved Lemira, Asher was worried Lucian might act irrationally, so he was kept in the dark! And yet, Lemira got away!
"Enough, Evelina, do you really think I'd believe that?" Lucian clearly didn't.
It was likely Asher was worried upon seeing Lemira, Lucian might side with her, so he was excluded.
Evelina, startled, blood drying on her face, "Lucian, I was really trying to help you!"
Lucian remained silent, giving Evelina a cold look.
Alaric, feeling like a zombie, recounted everything that happened yesterday.
###Chapter 336
Lucian flew into a rage, grabbing Alaric by the collar, "Have you lost your mind? Why on earth are you helping Evelina? Did you forget everything I told you?" "Lucian, I regret it, okay? What do I do now?"
Alaric attempted a smile, but he couldn't even cry.
Lucian hadn't expected things to turn out this way. He let go of Alaric, "I'll go find Asher!"
With that, Lucian stormed off to confront Asher and demand answers.
Meanwhile, Evelina stood to the side, unnoticed and uncared for, especially the wound on her forehead. The stark difference from the past, when her brothers would've overlooked everything just because she got hurt, made her uncomfortable. Why had things changed so much?
She had even planned to use her injury as a ploy to win back Alaric's favor.
Evelina cautiously glanced at Alaric, intentionally revealing her wounded forehead, "Alaric, I didn't mean what I said earlier."
But Alaric, weighed down by his emotions, didn't even give her a glance as he walked away.
Evelina watched his retreating figure, her pitiful expression quickly turning into one of impatience.
So much for her plan.
Adjusting her strategy, Evelina quickly called Dorian, her voice choked with feigned distress, "Dorian, I'm dying."
Someone had to take the fall, otherwise her suffering would be for nothing.
With Lucian and Alaric changing, she had to look out for herself, and Dorian was her best bet.
Naive and wealthy, and easy to manipulate.
Once she married into the Draven family, squashing Lemira would be a piece of cake.
---
After class, Lemira and Janice headed to their team's headquarters, gearing up to select the official team members.
They were also planning to attend the finals at the stadium over the weekend.
Janice hesitated before speaking, "You're really outstanding, Lemira. Some people just don't have strong family ties." Lemira offered a smile, "I stopped caring about the Langstons a long time ago."
She had her own life now, a career, and friends. She no longer yearned for the so-called sibling affection.
A senior team member approached, "Lemira, finals tickets are tough to get. Scalpers are hiking up the prices."
"Buy them. If our club members pass the screening, they should all get to watch the match. I'll cover the cost!"
Lemira was in high spirits; her Al project was about to hit the market, so this expense was nothing to her.
She felt like a successful wher
QUMS
f
The senior member sighed, "I'll try to get everyone to grab their tickets instead. We shouldn't feed the scalpers, it's too expensive. The team hasn't landed a sponsor yet, we'll need funds for plenty of
as in the future."
Lemira took the hint and agreed, realizing she needed to work on getting sponsors.
Michel had invited her to a post-finals gathering, which could be a perfect opportunity to find sponsors.
Leaving the headquarters, Lemira rubbed her arms and decided to head back to her dorm for some rest. Just as she was about to relax, her phone rang.
Picking up, she was greeted by Asher's icy voice, "Lemira, how dare you sue your own family? Heartless!" So, they were panicking now?
Hmph, they must've received the lawyer's letter.
Lemira responded calmly, "I've already signed the disownment papers."
"And what does your signature mean? You were born a Langston, you'll die à Langston. If mom and dad knew you're even renouncing the Langston name, how heartbroken they'd be!" 
Hearing this, Lemira sat up straight, her eyes cold and determined.
###Chapter 337
Lemira's voice was frosty, "I never said I'd change my last name."
It was a gift from her parents, and she intended to keep it.
"But with the way you're acting, what's the difference? Come Thanksgiving, will you even have the face to honor our parents?"
"Don't use mom and dad to guilt-trip me."
"Lemira, it was you who insisted on going out for a birthday cake that day. Mom and Dad, indulging you as always, went out and that's when the accident happened. After that, it felt like every wolf and vulture came out of the woodwork, trying to tear our family's assets apart! I was the one who took on everything, starting from scratch in Orvin to ensure you had a comfortable life.
It was Lucian who stayed back in our hometown, taking care of you as you grew up. He had the potential to do so much more.
And now, you sabotage his company, costing him the chance at a crucial contract and half his fortune. Is this how you repay us?"
After Lemira heard it, it felt like a heavy accusation was being thrown at her.
Asher knew their parents were her Achilles' heel.
Because of this guilt, she had been compliant and devoted in her previous life, only to meet a tragic end!
Lemira responded, her voice cold, "It was Evelina and Alaric who stole my idea, and you allowed it, leading to your loss in the bid. I didn't force your hand. Had any of you intervened, none of this would have happened. But you didn't. So, you're just reaping what you sowed!" She wasn't going to let these words manipulate her.
She didn't owe them anything.
Asher was momentarily speechless, Lemira's clear logic making him falter!
He finally said, "You've become quite sharp-tongued. But at the end of the day, Lucian doesn't owe you anything!"
"But the ruin of his project is on you, not me. Don't try to morally blackmail me!"
Lemira hung up, not wanting to waste more words.
But Asher's calls kept coming, only for her to hang up and then block him.
Finally, peace.
Lemira took a couple of days off, deciding it's time to hit the gym again. She texted her trainer to book a session.
But as Lemira was leaving the team base, ready for the gym, Dorian swaggered in.
The arrival of someone from the Business School made everyone tense, especially considering the past feu between Lemira and Susanna, which ended with a public apology from Susanna. Since then, no one had bothered Lemira 
Why now?
Lemira eyed Dorian coolly, "Oh, you want to join the team?"
"I'm here to discuss something about Eve," Dorian said.
"None of my business!"
Lemira tried to walk past, but Dorian
"Look, Eve just made a
istake. You don't h
istake. You don't have net
è it to court, right?" 
He was quite fond of Evelina; she was gentle and obedient.
"Lemira, if you drop the lawsuit, consider it a favor you can call on from me someday."
"Get lost!"
Lemira didn't even glance back at Dorian as she dismissed him.
But Dorian's entourage blocked her way, his tone threatening, "Don't push it! Or we might forget you're a lady!" "Go ahead, try me!"
Lemira pointed at her own head, walking towards the crowd with an expressionless face and a chilling gaze. Dorian backed away, alarmed, "You're crazy."
No wonder Susanna apologized. Lemira was unpredictable!
Brushing past Dorian, even bumping him hard enough to cause him pain.
Dorian turned around and threw
down a harsh warning: "Lemira,
you're so bold! Just wait, I'll mak
sure you can't even afford a lawyer. Try me!" 
Lemira didn't look back at his threats.
Svon
Her coach had mentioned, now that she was stronger, she should avoid getting into fights.
###Chapter 338
Live and let live, unless they throw the first punch!
Sad to say, those rich boys wouldn't dare to make a move!
Dorian was so infuriated, he was determined to teach Lemira a lesson.
But this had to stay under the radar; his mom probably wouldn't approve of Evelina's background, and the only person he could turn to was his cousin: Thaddeus.
Dorian dialed Thaddeus: "Cuz, I need your help with something."
"What have you gotten yourself into now?"
"Not me, it's my girlfriend; she's run into some trouble."
"Which one? You've got so many, can you even keep track?"
Dorian felt a bit sheepish: "This one's for real. I met her back in Lyria, and now she's at Orvin University Business School."
Thaddeus raised an eyebrow, wondering if it was Evelina.
"Cuz, my girlfriend got a lawyer's letter. Something about this Maple Group planning to sue. Don't you know a hotshot lawyer? Maybe give them a call, warn off Maple Group's legal eagles." Thaddeus burst into laughter, incredulous: "Living the easy life and now trying to talk tough?"
"Cuz, please, I'm begging you."
"Sure, I'll help."
"Thanks a ton, cuz."
Dorian hung up, feeling quite pleased with himself.
Thaddeus, on the other hand, was fuming, muttering under his breath: "What's with this girl, casting a spell on Dorian, making him fight her battles?"
And now roping him into finding a lawyer!
Absolutely toxic!
Thaddeus immediately called Orion to fill him in.
Orion's tone turned icy: "Is your cousin looking for trouble?"
"He's been off his rocker since we were kids. Just letting you know, I'll handle the lawyer stuff. No need for you to step in."
If Orion got involved, Dorian was in for a world of hurt.
Currently, the Sinclair family was already dealing with business headaches, losing their former swagger.
All thanks to Orion's behind-the-scenes maneuvering, ensuring the Sinclairs wouldn't hassle Lemira!
And now, trouble at the Dravens too!
Frustrating!
---
Lemira headed straight for the gym, changing into her workout gear and making her way to the boxing area.
She glanced towards the pillar where Orion stood the day before.
"Ms. Langston, I've put together a training plan for you. Take a
and
I free to share any thonet
stent belongs to
Lemira saw the trainer from yesterday: "You again?"
"I work here, so, yeah."
She thought he was sent by Orion to monitor her.
Turned out, he was just a regular gym employee.
Was she overthinking it?
swnonet
Lemira checked the training plan: "Looks good to me. Let's roll with it."
She had improved a lot and didn't want to risk injury.
After her workout, lying on the floor, catching her breath, she
half-expected him to show up el
moment. 
But he didn't come today.
Well, Orion had proved his point yesterday.
Post-shower, Lemira, gym bag in tow, leisurely made her way back to school.
Reaching her dorm, she spotted a familiar, yet unwelcome, figure.
The Langstons, always lurking around?
Lucian, with a hint of pleading: "Lemmy."
"We're not close, don't call me that."
tany
Lemira headed straight for her dorm, but Lucian
grabbed her wrist,
be forcefully shaken off, ne One
tumbling over. 
Lemira glanced at her hand, surprised by her own strength.
Hogan rushed out: "Ms. Lemira, the boss is seriously ill."
###Chapter 339
When Lemira heard Hogan's words, a flicker of doubt crossed her eyes.
Seriously
ill?
But all she remembered was Lucian suffering from nothing more than a stomach ailment.
In her previous life, she'd never heard of Lucian battling any severe illness!
Yet, Lucian did look significantly thinner.
Lucian straightened up, pushing Hogan aside: "I'm fine, just the same old issue."
"But boss, you..."
"Hogan, you're talking too much."
Lucian cut off Hogan from saying more, turning to Lemira: "I'm not here to plead for leniency. They made mistakes, they should be punished."
Not here to plead?
Lucian took a document from Hogan: "This artificial intelligence project has a lot of potentials. I know you've been a key tech figure at Maple Group, but why not strike out on your own?" "What do you mean?"
"This is my company, and now I'm giving you all my shares. Then you can develop the Al project independently, and when it goes public, all the success will be solely yours."
Lemira looked at the share transfer agreement.
She hadn't expected him to hand over the company to her!
Was Lucian regretting his actions after seeing Evelina's true colors in the surveillance video incident, seeking to make amends?
Lemira glanced at the document but didn't take it.
"No need, keep it for yourself."
"No, I'm doing this willingly. I was wrong not to see how much you've suffered over the years, being deceived and mistreated by Evelina, misunderstood and unfairly punished, favoring an outsider over you." Lucian stuffed the document into her hands: "I've already signed it."
Lemira threw the document away: "But I don't want it!"
The papers scattered all over the floor.
Lucian, looking gaunt, said: "Lemmy, I haven't been a good brother, but I'll learn how to be one."
"Whoever you want to be a good brother to, it has nothing to do with me!"
"How can I make it up to you then? I want to treat you better!"
"Then stay away from me."
Without looking back, Lemira walked away.
Lucian stood still, watching her silhouette disappear into the dormitory building.
He bent down to pick up the scattered documents, his hands trembling. Eventually, Lucian crouched on the ground, unable to get up for a long time.
Hogan, standing aside, turned his head
y with a pained expression: If only he knew, why start at all? 
He'd warned the boss early on that Evelina was no good.
Sadly, the boss hadn't listened!
Ms. Lemira had long since become independent, not relying on the Langston family to live.
Mending the sibling relationship was easier said than done.
---
Back in her dorm, Lemira's mood inexplicably worsened.
She used to adore Lucian the most.
Asher was often away, hot-tempered, and firm in his decisions, which somewhat scared her. Rowan was always immersed in his lab or hospital work, hardly ever coming home.
The rest
with their careers, with Alaric being the youngest, often staying at home. 
ito e brothers were busy
But the one who often took care of her, accompanying her as she grew up, was Lucian.
Yet, in her previous life, Lucian ultimately sided with Evelina.
Only fragments of her past life flashed through Lemira's mind, not very clear.
She quickly pushed these thoughts aside.
In this life, she no longer craved sibling affection, nor did she care their regrets and attempts at making amends. 
Lying in bed, Lemira noticed a notification on her phone.
The gift she sent to Orion yesterday, as expected, wasn't claimed.
After some thought, she sent him a message: [?]
Orion was in a meeting when his phone lit up, a familiar avatar popping up.
###Chapter 340
He glanced down to open the chat and saw the question mark she had sent.
A slight smirk curved his lips as he typed back, [How's the plaster?]
Lemira hadn't expected him to respond so quickly.
She immediately replied, [Pretty good, where did you buy it?]
[Just grab another one when you're done with that, and try to get some rest early.]
Seeing his message, Lemira wondered if the man really missed her point.
He didn't even answer her question!
After sending a string of ellipses and getting no response this time, she tossed her phone aside. Whatever, she thought, she'll just ignore him.
The weekend arrived, and the grand finale was set to take place at the stadium.
Lemira, along with the team from her base, headed out to the stadium.
They had their tickets ready, planning to meet up inside the venue.
While in the cab, Lemira snapped a photo of her ticket and posted it on Facebook: "Off to watch the game."
In her previous life, she had been a direct participant in this very competition.
It was an experience that had left a deep mark on her.
Thankfully, in this life, Alaric's team didn't even qualify for the competition, and Evelina had no chance to steal her opportunity.
Thinking about it made her happy.
Arriving at the stadium, Lemira saw a huge crowd of fans, all buzzing about today's game.
She and Janice were outside, coordinating with the club members while two seniors went in early to check attendance.
As the match was about to start and the crowd outside began to thin, Lemira was ready to head in when she spotted the Langstons alighting from their car. Evelina was trailing behind Asher. Seeing this, Lemira's lips curled in disdain before she turned to walk towards the stadium.
"Lemira, stop right there!"
She didn't even turn her head, but a bodyguard quickly caught up to her, blocking her path.
She looked back, clearly annoyed.
Asher approached with a stern face:
"Let's forget about the Al project issue. We accept our loss, but do you really have to take Eve and Alaric to court? How could you face our parents?" 
"If you all have the face to do so, why wouldn't I?"
Lemira's biggest vulnerability in this life was her parents.
She always carried a sense of guilt and self-blame.
"I heard from Eve last night that you've always felt slighted and jealous of how we treated her. But we brought her into our home for your sake, to repay a debt of gratitude. Yet, you repay kindness with enmity. You've let our parents down! Nor do you have the right to visit their graves." 
Asher's words cut deep, knowing exactly how to hurt her, how to make her back down.
Evelina, feigning innocence, added, "Lemira, know we've had our differences over the years, but I've always seen you as my only family. I was wrong this time; please forgive me just this once." 
Asher, seeing Evelina's seemingly sensible demeanor, felt a sense of pride.
He coldly huffed at Lemira, "Now that Eve has stepped down, you should know what to do. Otherwise, you're dishonoring the memory of our parents and Evelina's late father!" Evelina's eyelid twitched; her father wasn't dead.
This secret, one she'd never reveal, was her only claim to stay within the Langston family.
Lemira looked up at the sky, swallowing the hatred she felt at that moment.
"You're right," she said calmly, "family shouldn't dwell on such matters."
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. Had this b*** really let it go, not pursuing the lawsuit?
But why did Evelina feel an ominous premonition twitching in her eye?
###Chapter 341
Lemira's expression was eerily calm, sending shivers down Evelina's spine.
This was unsettlingly out of character.
After all, Lemira was never one to play by the rules. That witch definitely had something up her sleeve.
Asher, on the other hand, seemed somewhat pleased: "It's good you've come to your senses now. Don't get cocky just because you won once. If you want to make it in Orvin, you'll ultimately need the support of us, the Langston family."
Lemira let out a scoff: "Rely on the Langston family, for what? To starve? Your team competitions are a flop, and your Al projects tanked."
Asher's face soured: "Didn't Lucian say he'd hand over the company to you? Once you get back, quit your job at Maple Group, and tell the director it was their scheme that got the Langston Group disqualified from the bidding!"
"Mr. Asher, did you forget to brush your teeth this morning? Because you're talking big!"
Lemira's eyes twinkled with mockery.
Seeing Lemira's expression, Asher was puzzled: "What's that supposed to mean? I arranged all this for your benefit. Once you get Lucian's company, working for the Langston family is what you should be doing. Not working with outsiders, let alone competing against our own company! Now, call the director and clarify things, then have the lawyer drop the lawsuit!"
Lemira laughed: "Who said I was dropping the lawsuit?"
Asher was taken aback, then angered: "Are you playing games with me? You agreed just now, didn't you?"
"Did I? Don't flatter yourself."
"So, when you said my words made sense, wasn't that an acknowledgment?"
Lemira replied casually: "Ah, right, I did say that. You want me to drop the lawsuit, which is impossible. But, I might consider suing just one person."
Asher eyed her warily: "What do you mean?"
"Exactly what I said. Evelina or Alaric, pick one. I'll only sue one, and the other gets off scot-free."
The smile on Lemira's face widened:
the
Takny
amongst yourselves befor
date. Who will step up and fall, go to jail?"
belongs to en.kikisto ent
"Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Hearing Lemira's words, Evelina's face turned ashen.
She knew this witch wouldn't just comply so easily.
Forcing them to choose!
Such a vile choice!
Lemira was clearly trying to drive a wedge between her and Alaric!
Lemira tutted "Well, I'm doing you a favor, really one person in jail is better than two. I'm only offering this out of family loyalty. If you don't agree then go as a team. It might be nice for you siblings to look after each other in there." 
After dropping her bombshell, Lemira turned and walked towards the stadium.
Asher was furious: "Lemira, hold up! How can you come up with such a malicious plan!"
Choosing between siblings was like forcing them to turn on each other!
Who would willingly go to jail?
Lemira, of course, didn't look back, her smirk evident.
Since they were such a close-knit family, they should indeed make a careful choice.
Upon entering the bustling venue, Lemira sat down and glanced at Janice: "Do you think my plan is too cruel?"
"Not at all, I think it's brilliant! It's
high time to s*** off their hypocritical facade of kinship and confront their deceitful hearts. Only when the fire burns their own feet will they know pain." 
Janice, who had overheard everything, was initially on the verge of speaking out herself.
###Chapter 342
But Lemira didn't need her help at all.
Lemira nodded, "Right, they need to feel the pain themselves to understand what I went through."
Let them have a taste of their own medicine.
She was curious to see if their so-called sibling love would stand the test when faced with personal gain!
The competition started soon after.
As Lemira watched the players walk onto the field, her gaze lingered on Matthew, her expression somewhat distant.
After all, Matthew hadn't been there in her past life.
If Matthew had been part of that final match back then, her chances of winning wouldn't have been great.
But this time, she had refused to join Alaric's team, and her team had been knocked out in the semifinals, missing the finals.
Yet, here was Matthew, appearing in the finals again.
If Matthew was the same person from her past life, he must know how much she wanted to win this match.
Was that why he withdrew from the finals, to let her win?
Lemira, watching Matthew in the stands, was caught in a dilemma.
Was the person from her past life really Matthew?
The match started quickly.
But Lemira was somewhat distracted, her mind elsewhere.
Ding, her phone buzzed: [Pay attention to the match]
It was a message from Orion. Could he be here too?
That made sense, Orion and Thaddeus both knew Matthew, so it was normal for them to come watch the finals. Lemira looked around, but the stadium was so large, finding someone was like looking for a needle in a haystack. She couldn't find him and replied: [Where are you sitting?]
[The locker room inside the stadium]
He was actually inside the stadium.
Having competed in the finals in her past life, Lemira knew the locker room had windows overlooking the field. But with the field being so vast, how could he have seen her?
Meanwhile, in the locker room.
Thaddeus nudged Orion, "Pass me
the binoculars, have you had your fill? Just a while ago when I
you were watching, you we asked if
all
'nope'. And now?" 
But then he claimed to have seen Lemira, and just like that, the binoculars were his.
Orion turned, tossing the binoculars back and taking out his phone to zoom in and snap a photo of Lemira. After taking one, he sent it to Lemira.
She didn't reply, but Orion's lips curved into a smile.
Thaddeus leaned in, "What did you send her that's got you smiling like that?"
Orion flipped his phone over, clearly not planning to share.
Thaddeus, holding the binoculars, said, "The lawyer's got everything set up. The court date's months away, but we're a shoo-in! We'll make sure the Langstons end up in jail and Evelina too." 
That way, Lemira's life would finally be peaceful.
No one would disturb her life again.
"Without Evelina around the Langstons, I wonder if Lemira's brothers will start acting normal!"
Orion's expression was icy, "They don't need to be around Lemira. They are not qualified to be her family!" "You're right. After everything they did to hurt Lemon, they can never be forgiven!"
Orion's phone buzzed.
He opened the chat and saw Lemira had sent an exasperated emoji, his stern features softening slightly. Lemira was furious.
This guy actually took a sneaky photo of her looking her worst!
From such a distance, the photo
was
heet
capturing her in the
most flattering manner - like!!!
complete
—
a
fool! 
Outrageous!
Lemira angrily typed, [Delete that photo now!]
He replied with a raised eyebrow, [Deleted.]
[I don't believe you. I'll check your phone later!]
Orion paused before typing, [Only my girlfriend gets to check.]
Only his girlfriend gets to check?
But wasn't he the eternal bachelor?
###Chapter 343
Lemira couldn't help but snap back with a mix of annoyance and jest, [Thought you were flying solo? Forever alone, buddy!]
[Are you sure you wanna dig into this?] came the teasing reply.
Lemira stared at the message, a bit puzzled.
What's that supposed to mean?
Suddenly, the deafening roar of cheers filled her ears as everyone around her jumped to their feet.
Amidst the chaos, Lemira found her thoughts crystal clear.
Was this guy joking, or was he flirting with her?
"Lemira, the Reapers won! Get up, come see!" Janice excitedly pulled Lemira to her feet. Setting her phone aside, Lemira witnessed the triumphant moment. The Reapers had won!
In her past life, SkyBlaze had triumphed over them.
Memories of the previous championship flooded back - Lemira, all alone in the crowd, watching Evelina celebrate with her brothers, basking in the glory of victory.
Alone and powerless, everything she cherished had been taken from her, with no means of fighting back.
But now, with the Reapers' victory, SkyBlaze was down in the first round - this was how it was meant to be!
She reveled in this outcome.
"The tradition continues, folks!" the announcer boomed as he took the stage. "Time for our random lucky audience member draw."
Spotlights danced across the stadium, accompanied by the crowd's cheers.
Eventually, the light stopped on Lemira. She gasped in surprise, seeing her face appear on the giant screen.
In the gaming world, Lemira was somewhat of a celebrity.
Her appearance on the screen spurred a wave of cheers: "Lemon, Lemon!"
Lemira couldn't help but grin bitterly as she made her way to the stage.
The host exclaimed, "What a surprise! Our randomly chosen lucky audience member is none other than the streaming sensation,
SweetDemon! And she was sitting in the regular seats, not even in VIP!" 
Taking the microphone, Lemira responded, "I wanted to sit with my team from Orvin University. We're all in this together!"
The team members from Orvin University couldn't help but swell with pride.
The host continued, "SweetLemon, we all felt the sting of disappointment not seeing you in the finals. You've got the skills. Anything want to share?" Lemira glanced towards the VIP section and locked eyes with Alaric.
"No regrets," she stated calmly. "This
year, I needed to focus on my exams. There's a time for everything, but next year, I'll definitely be in the competition!" 
Alaric felt as if he'd been slapped. He remembered pressuring Lemira to skip classes for competitions, never
exams. 
Sg her need to prepare for
His face flushed with guilt. He hadn't been a supportive brother.
On stage, the host turned to the Reapers players, "SweetLemon has thrown down the gauntlet. Do you think you can beat her next year?"
Matthew, in his red team jersey, swaggered over, "Lemira, join us, and we'll be unbeatable!"
The crowd erupted, but Alaric's expression soured. He couldn't stand the thought of Lemira joining the Reapers.
Evelina chimed in, "Asher, Lemira knows how much Alaric hates the Reapers. Wouldn't her joining them be a slap in his face?"
Asher fumed, "She's out of control."
Lucian couldn't stand it anymore, "It's her choice which team to join."
"But we have our own team. Our resources, our setup, it's all top-notch. Yet she chooses them, our rivals. Are you really defending her?"
Lucian shot back, "Maybe if Alaric hadn't pushed her too far, she wouldn't have left our team."
Alaric managed a grim smile, "You're right, Asher. It's my fault, not Lemira's."
He felt the weight of his mistakes - he was the reason Lemira had drifted away.
###Chapter 344
Asher instantly furrowed his brow, "That's just a minor family squabble. Lemira might be mad, but joining the Reapers? Doesn't this bring shame on us? Cough, cough, cough!" The excitement sparked a coughing fit in Asher, and a dull pain radiated from his lungs.
It was a lingering effect from the day Lemira had thrown him over her shoulder. No bones were broken, but there was a fracture.
Evelina quickly handed him a bottle of water, "Asher, calm down, you're still not healed. We'll talk to Lemira later, ask her to consider the Langston family's reputation, and not join the Reapers." Alaric's face was an impassive mask, "No need for you guys to say anything."
He felt too ashamed to face Lemira now.
And he didn't want to guilt-trip Lemira in the name of the Langstons!
Asher scoffed, "Alaric, now you're taking Lemira's side too, huh? Just like Lucian?"
"Asher, the team is mine, what I say goes."
Unable to bear any more, Alaric stood up and left. He wanted to clear things up with Lemira.
Asher was fuming. Now everyone seemed to be siding with Lemira.
Had they all forgotten what she had done?
Evelina sat nearby, her expression darkening. In the end, victory was still hers.
Seeing Lemira so popular on stage, Evelina clenched her teeth in envy.
Someday, she'd have Lemira under her foot.
On stage, Lemira looked at Matthew, "Thanks for the offer, but I decline. Next year, I'll lead the Orvin University Team to the finals!" Her eyes sparkled with confidence.
Matthew chuckled, "That's going to be a headache for us, but we won't make it easy for you guys."
"Then you better watch out. New waves will always surpass the old ones!"
Lemira's words were laced with challenge.
The crowd started buzzing with anticipation.
Could Lemira's team really make it to the finals and take the championship next year?
This was getting exciting.
After the event, Lemira stood aside, watching the Reapers on the podium, Matthew holding the championship trophy.
She longed to know what it felt like to hold that trophy.
It was the regret of her past life.
After the photos, Matthew walked straight to Lemira and handed her the trophy.
Lemira was taken aback.
"Here, feel the trophy. After all, next year's trophy will still be ours."
"We'll see about that."
Lemira laughed, holding the trophy close, feeling waves of emotion.
This was the regret of her past life.
Taking out her phone for a selfie, Matthew leaned in, "Let's take one together, and exchange contacts.
keep in touch."
He wanted to get on good terms with his brother's girlfriend!
If he ever retired without a job or
he'd need her to hand
Soney he money, consideret
how stingy his brother was! 
Lemira looked up at Matthew and nodded. She was curious if he was the person she thought he was and decided to ask.
As they exchanged contacts, Matthew's phone rang. He answered, "Bro, you're here, huh? Did you see my awesome performance?" "Stop fooling around outside and come in!"
"Okay, coming."
Orion hung up, his gaze lingering on Lemira and Matthew standing together outside.
Thaddeus clicked his tongue, "Those two look so good together-it's such a treat to see!"
Orion's lips twitched, feeling a bit stifled.
Outside, Lemira handed the trophy back to Matthew, "Thanks."
"My brother, I mean Orion, and Thad are also here. You hold onto the trophy for now; I'll go talk to the coach."
Lemira remembered the unflattering photo Orion had sent her. She still needed to make sure he deleted it.
Holding the trophy, she went backstage, where it was quieter, away from the photo ops.
Passing through a corridor, she overheard voices from the Langstons.
More precisely, Alaric's voice, filled with anger and grief.
"Asher, it was Evelina who secretly filmed Lemira's computer, not me. Why should I take the blame?"
"As the older brother, if it's down to choosing one to take the fall, it should be you."
That was Asher's voice.
Lemira approached, a smirk on her lips,
what do we have here? The
loving, inseparable family deciding who goes to jail?" t belongs
Was there an internal feud brewing?
###Chapter 345
Lemira, clutching her trophy like it was the hottest gossip in town, couldn't hide the smirk that danced on her lips. "Oh, Alaric, looks like you've stepped in it now, haven't you? Asher isn't wrong, you know."
Alaric, in utter disbelief, shot back, "Lemira, you've seen the video too. You know it wasn't me who filmed it!"
"But Evelina had us believing you two were thick as thieves, right, Evelina? That was your story, wasn't it?"
Lemira's gaze shifted to Evelina, who was trying her best to blend into the wallpaper. Playing the innocent one wasn't going to be easy this time.
Evelina, cornered, stammered, "I-I didn't say that."
"Oh, so you're saying you did it all by yourself? So, we should just sue you and call it a day, right?"
"That's not what I meant!"
Evelina's pitch climbed as she protested, the very idea of jail sending shivers down her spine.
But even more terrifying was the thought of causing a rift with Alaric, of being the one to blame.
Lemira clicked her tongue, "So, you don't want to go to jail, and you'd rather send Alaric instead. Is that it?"
"Lemira, do you really have to push people to their limits?" Evelina was on the verge of tears.
Lemira had played her cards with ruthless efficiency.
With a sly grin, Lemira reassured, "Oh, come on, Evelina, don't be scared. Remember, your dad did a solid for the Langston family. Asher always said we should treat you right as payback. So, how could we possibly let you go to jail, right?" Evelina was stunned. These words, often used to guilt-trip Lemira, were now being used against her.
Lemira turned to Alaric, her tone icy, "Right, Alaric?"
Alaric, who had preached the same in the past, suddenly found himself at a loss for words. The past was catching up to him in the most uncomfortable way.
Asher scoffed, "Lemira, so you remember, huh? You should drop the lawsuit. Evelina's father did a favor for you, not us!"
"That's not entirely true," Lemira
countered, her voice cold. "I
remember when Evelina's father died saving our parents from that car crash. He got me out first and then went back for them. The car
our parents, not just for died for
exploded, killing all three. He died for me. You
owe Evelina too, Asher."
Asher frowned, "We don't need you to remind us. That's why I've decided Alaric should take the fall."
"Alaric, if I go to jail, my career is over. And it's all Evelina's fault!"
Lemira sighed, "Alaric, here's where I have to call you out. Evelina's dad did you a favor, how could you let her face fail time? Even if you didn't do it, you owe her. Can you really stand by and watch a young girl ruin her life over this? You're being selfish." 
Her words were heavy with implication, "I thought we were supposed to be thicker than water. Is this how you repay family?"
Alaric was speechless, his own past words now haunting him.
Lemira, seeing Alaric lost for words,
couldn't help but feel a rush of satisfaction. She had waited so long for this moment-the tables had finally turned. 
Asher, unable to bear it anymore, intervened, "Lemira, that's enough. We get it."
"No, it's not enough," Lemira retorted, her lips curling into a cold smirk. "And Asher, I haven't even started on you yet." Asher's eyes narrowed, wary of what was coming next.
"You're in this too, Asher. Knowing Evelina was at fault and doing nothing about it. As a brother, you've fallen short."
###Chapter 346
"Lemira!"
"Asher, just hear me out, will you? Aren't you always the epitome of fairness and justice? As the head of the Langston family, isn't it your duty to step forward and take responsibility for all of this?"
Lemira's tone was somber as she locked eyes with Asher, "After all, you're all bound by blood thicker than water. How can you bear to watch your siblings turn against each other and even end up behind bars? Asher, you're being too selfish." Cut the act of playing the good guy. You're part of this too.
Asher's face turned a shade of green.
He had never thought he'd need to shoulder the blame.
Silence fell over the room.
Lemira's voice had grown hoarse from talking, clutching a trophy in her hands: "Come on, speak up, everyone. Isn't this what you've always taught me? Why is it that when it's your turn, you're unwilling? You're being too selfish!"
In her past life, they had moral high grounded her with eloquence.
They might as well have carved the words 'blood is thicker than water' onto her face.
Now when it's their turn, they couldn't do it?
Hypocrites!
A cold light danced in Lemira's eyes as she was determined to unveil their true faces today! Evelina turned pale upon hearing this.
Lemira, that wretch! She knew she was up to no good, waiting for an opportunity like this.
That wretch aimed to use this incident to drive a wedge between her and her brothers.
Tears tinged Evelina's voice as she looked at Asher, "Asher, this mess is my own doing, I'll bear the consequences. Don't let yourself or Alaric take the fall for me."
If she didn't do something, it would all be over.
Lemira's tactic of sowing discord was too cruel.
Asher's expression darkened, not expecting Lemira to drag him into this.
He hesitated before saying, "Eve, don't worry about it, it's not your fault."
Lemira quickly retorted with a smirk, "See, Asher is comforting you like this, clearly, he's ready to take the fall for you."
"Lemira, when did I ever say that?"
Panic laced Asher's voice.
Lemira feigned surprise, "As the elder brother, if not now, then when will you stand up?"
"But if I end up behind bars, who will run the Langston Group? My entire career would be ruined."
"Asher, you're only ruining your career, but for Evelina, a girl, it's her entire reputation at stake. How can she ever marry in the future?"
Asher was visibly shaken, "But if the company goes bankrupt, how are we supposed to make a living?"
"Hey, worst case scenario, we're
broke and begging on the streets, but that's still better than being a selfish person. Evelina's father has been good to the Langston family, you surely can't let her face 
Swtime!"
Asher was fuming, yet he found himself unable to refute her words.
Because he had said the same to Lemira before.
Reluctantly, Asher said, "Lemira, you keep mentioning 'family,' why don't you drop the lawsuit then?"
"We might be bound by blood, but
I've cut ties, so clearly, I'm no longer
part of this family, am I? So, Met consequences for Evelina Me
Asher, are you unwilling to bear the
"Lemira, is what you're saying even reasonable?"
Lemira kicked over a trash can, her gaze icy.
Her tone was laced with sarcasm, "so you know those words aren't exactly easy to hear."
Then what were you spewing all those days!
Asher suddenly lowered his gaze, unable to meet Lemira's eyes.
Lemira advanced, pressing, "Come on, speak up the great Mr. Asher, always priding yourself as the head of the family, always harping on about how blood is thicker than water, why are you silent now?" 
She grabbed the collar of Asher's shirt.
QUMS
Her voice was venomous, "Cat got your tongue, or are you at a loss for words?"
Go on, speak!
###Chapter 347
Asher found himself cornered by Lemira with nowhere to retreat.
Guiltily, he pushed Lemira's hand away, "Cut the sarcasm, I had no idea about the plagiarism."
"Mr. Langston, trying to wash your hands of it?"
"I'm not trying to dodge the blame!"
Asher's eyes were bloodshot, a sign of his turmoil, as if stepping on a sore spot.
Evelina stepped forward to support Asher, "Lemira, ever since you threw Asher over your shoulder, he's been nursing a broken rib. Don't you think you're going a bit too far?" Oh, playing the good cop now?
Lemira coldly retorted, "Then why don't you just go to jail? That'll solve everything."
Evelina gasped for air, shocked at the suggestion. How could she possibly face jail time!
She just wanted to show off in front of Asher.
The next moment, Evelina looked up at Alaric, "Alaric, no need to be torn about this. I admit it's all my fault. I'll go to jail, it has nothing to do with you."
If someone had to take the fall, it seemed Alaric was the chosen one.
Asher immediately interjected, "No, you can't go."
"Then Mr. Asher, are you implying you'll go?"
Asher was suddenly at a loss for words, only managing to look towards Alaric.
The atmosphere grew tense.
Alaric forced a smile, finally understanding the sting of betrayal.
Was this what Lemira had endured before?
After a pause, Alaric spoke hoarsely, "I'll go, enough with the arguing."
He acknowledged his fate, a result of his own doing.
Misplacing his trust in Evelina was his mistake to bear.
Hearing Alaric's words, Evelina's
face lit up with relief, "Alaric, how et
can we let you take the fall? It's my faultpl dragged you into this.
"Eve, don't say that. It's not your fault."
swnove
Asher patted Evelina's shoulder, "Stop crying, we, the Langstons, stick together."
Lemira nodded, "Right, why the tears? Someone's taking the blame for you, be happy."
"I can't help it, I just feel so bad."
Evelina's act of innocence continued, but Lemira called her bluff, "If you're that upset, why don't you go?"
Evelina couldn't even muster fake tears now, hanging her head in silence.
Jail was not in her plans; she had dreams of marrying into the wealthy Draven family.
Seeing Evelina's downtrodden look, Asher grew inexplicably irritated, "Lemira, are you satisfied now?" Lemira scoffed.
She turned to Alaric, "Congratulations, for making such a noble sacrifice for your flesh and blood." This was his just desserts.
Alaric, his eyes rimmed red, saw Lemira holding a trophy and for a moment, was lost, "Is that the championship trophy?" "Yeah."
Lemira approached Alaric,
showcasing the trophy, "You know, if
I had been with SkyBlaze, maybe we'd have had a shot at this trophy.
But sadly, with Evelina on board, you didn't even make it past the
preliminaries. The resurrection match? Won thanks to me."
Alaric reached out to touch the trophy, but Lemira pulled it back, stating plainly, "It's not yours to touch."
Alaric awkwardly withdrew his hand,
his gaze complex, "If I hadn't let
Evelina join the team and hadn't been so biased and harsh on you, would you have stayed?" 
"There are no what-ifs or second chances in this world."
Lemira caressed the trophy, determined that no one from the Langston family would get their hands on it this time!
She turned to leave.
"Lemira, stop! Are you happy now seeing us like this?"
Asher was furious, grabbing Lemira's shoulder.
###Chapter 348
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "Fair enough, how about I give you all one more night to decide who's going to take the fall?" Asher's face turned pale in an instant.
Lemira's smile broadened, "That includes you, Asher. If you're willing to take all the blame, I'm all ears."
Asher was speechless now.
Lemira pushed his hand away with force, "Clearly, you don't want to face the music either, so why play the saint?"
"Lemira, in your eyes, am I just playing the saint? I've been doing all this for our family!"
"Oh, so if you take the fall and end up behind bars, I'll just apologize, right? Wanna bet?" Lemira chuckled, giving Asher a deep, meaningful look.
She saw right through Asher's arrogance, his well-masked hypocrisy and selfishness.
She had laid it all out, yet he tried to guilt-trip her!
Well, she wasn't going to play nice anymore.
This time, Asher remained silent, his expression so sour it could curdle milk.
As Lemira turned and walked away with a swagger, Asher didn't follow.
She had guessed right.
All that talk about family bonds thicker than water? Just a facade.
Turning her head, Lemira ran into Orion, Thad at the staircase, and Matthew.
She paused, "You all heard that, huh?"
Orion looked at her deeply, patting her shoulder, "Well done, let's head back to the lounge."
Only then did Lemira realize they had overheard everything.
She felt a bit awkward.
Back in the lounge with just the four of them, Matthew couldn't help but speak up, "Why did you say you'd apologize to him? Why owe him an apology?" Thad raised an eyebrow, "It's strategy, don't you get it?"
Lemira smiled, "I said it on purpose because I know him. He won't take responsibility."
Asher
ambitious man, often
resorting to underhanded
keep Langston Grostics to Group thrivintics?
Orvin. 
Matthew clearly didn't get it, "But why not just sue them or give them a good thrashing!"
"Lemon intentionally guilt-tripped them, let them taste their own medicine!"
Lemira nodded, "Exactly."
Seeing their false masks torn away made her feel victorious.
This was her revenge.
Let them experience everything she had gone through in her past life.
Lemira handed the trophy back to Matthew, "Thanks for lending me your trophy, really came in handy."
"Bro, look at my trophy, isn't it awesome?"
Matthew grabbed the trophy, tossing it to Orion without thinking.
Orion caught it and then threw it to Thad, as if the trophy was a hot potato.
Thad caught on fast, "Not bad, Matt. Keep it up and you'll do even better next time!"
Matthew glanced at Lemira, "But next
I'll be competing against
my yearaw. Feel free to cheer
for her!" 
Lemira froze. Matthew called her sister-in-law?
Wao'
Orion, hearing the term "sister-in-law," his tone turned sharp, "Matthew, what are you talking about?"
Realizing his slip-up, Matthew hurriedly backtracked, "You guys aren't together yet?"
Orion's expression grew tense.
Thad stepped forward, covering Matthew's mouth, "Stop talking."
If you spill the beans, it's going to cost your brother his life!
The room fell silent.
Lemira coughed awkwardly, her expression uneasy, "You've
misunderstood my relationshiel
Orion. We're not like that." 
Orion looked up, "In your eyes, what are we?"
###Chapter 349
Lemira caught Orion's deep gaze and suddenly found herself breathless.
Her eyelashes fluttered, "We're just... just friends, you know?"
Wasn't that what he had always said?
They were just friends.
And he had always treated her more like a sister.
Orion, noticing her demeanor, licked his molar and stood up, "Let's go."
He led the way, his handsome features betraying no emotion.
Lemira trailed a step behind, maintaining a deliberate distance.
Thaddeus and Matthew lagged at the back. Matthew looked anxious, itching to step forward and say something, but Thaddeus held him back.
Thaddeus whispered, "Dude, can you not stir things up, please?"
Matthew was like an uncontrollable husky, impossible to hold back.
This was not the time to make things worse.
Matthew, driven by curiosity, couldn't help but ask, "They're really not together?"
After all these months, his brother still hadn't won the girl over? That's pretty lame!
"It's not happening between them."
"Why not?"
"Because Lemira, she's just that..."
Thaddeus didn't finish.
Matthew with his earnest puppy eyes: "Come on, you can trust me. I won't spill."
Thaddeus gave him a look, pressing his face, "And why should I trust you, of all people?"
Matthew, notorious for not keeping secrets, nearly caused Thaddeus to slip.
Matthew was all curiosity. Did she have some secret identity? Or was it her ordinary family background they couldn't mention?
The group proceeded to leave.
Lemira checked her phone; Janice had messaged her, asking where she was.
She glanced back at the others, "I need to head back to campus. My friend is waiting."
Matthew broke free from Thaddeus, "Hey, Lemon, I'll be in Orvin this weekend. Let's grab a burger and maybe play some video games together." "We'll see. It might be fun to team up for a game."
Lemira thought playing games might be a good way to test if Matthew was the person she suspected.
Turning back, she noticed Orion standing there, an imposing presence.
She lowered her gaze, not saying anything, and then turned and ran off.
Orion stood still, watching Lemira's retreating figure, his tongue flicking against this cheek, his gaze intense.
Was she avoiding him?
At that moment, Matthew rushed up, full of gossip, "Bro, you haven't won her over yet? Come on, that's weak."
Orion gave him a glance, "Why is she asking you to play video games?"
"Because I'm good at it. I'll go to the campus club and have her back. Who would dare mess with her then?"
"She doesn't need your backing."
Orion walked off, face stern.
Matthew, confused, got a slap from Thaddeus, "Do you ever get it? Why are you inviting Lemira to play games?"
"I was just trying to help."
"You're just dragging him down."
Didn't he see Orion couldn't even keep his cool?
Thaddeus thought about their relationship, feeling a headache coming on.
He hoped they'd end up together but was worried about Lemira finding out about that thing.
---
After reuniting with Janice, Lemira returned to school.
Janice was all excitement during the walk, "When you talked about
making it to the finals next year ki at
was so cool. We were all pumped up, like we were on a high. 
"Yeah, we'll work hard together. We have a chance."
In her previous life, Lemira had led her team to the finals. With
like-minded teammates, sheel
do it again. 
But Lemira was distracted.
Su
She kept thinking about what Orion had said, asking her about their relationship.
Wasn't it obvious to him?
Why even ask?
Lemira gazed out the dorm window, her silhouette reflected on the glass, her features indistinct.
Back in her room, after a shower, she lay down.
The club's group chat was buzzing with discussions about the day and future competitions.
Lemira skimmed through the messages, then noticed Orion had sent her a text.
[Only my girlfriend gets to check my phone.]
[So, you want to check?]
Seeing those messages, Orion's face inexplicably flashed before her eyes.
###Chapter 350
What's his deal, huh?
Snapping a terrible photo of her and trying to sweet-talk his way out of it?
After she had put someone from the Langstons in their place today, she was actually feeling pretty good.
Lemira, irritated, shut her phone off.
Once the championship game was over, it was all over Facebook.
The Reapers had a huge fan base, and Matthew was especially popular. Good-looking, decent family background-who wouldn't like him?
But the fact that Matthew was a scion of the Everhart dynasty wasn't public knowledge. It was mostly rumored that he came from a well-off family.
She had learned about it in her past life through Asher.
The next day, Lemira went to class as usual.
Dorian, flanked by his cronies, blocked her way: "Lemira, didn't I warn you to stop messing with Eve? You think just because Susanna apologized, you can do whatever you want?" Lemira, clearly annoyed, walked straight towards Dorian.
Scared, Dorian backed away, stammering, "I'm warning you-if you lay a hand on me, the Draven family won't let you off the hook!"
Lemira just looked at him, emotionless, which scared him enough to turn tail and run.
Such a coward?
After running away, Dorian felt his pride was wounded, so he immediately called his cousin Thaddeus to complain: "Cousin, did you take care of that thing for me, the heads-up to the law firm?" "You looking for trouble, telling me what to do?"
"Cousin, I was desperate! Today I tried reasoning with Lemira, and that woman actually tried to hit me. Don't you remember she hit me once back in Lyria?"
"Seems like you haven't learned your lesson. Getting beaten up by a girl, what a disgrace to the Draven name."
Thaddeus felt a headache coming on: "Dorian, I'm warning you, leave Lemira alone!"
"Cousin, is Lemira your girl or something? You protected her back in Lyria too."
"Mind your business. Just remember what I said, and don't say I didn't warn you."
After hanging up, Dorian couldn't help but wonder why his cousin was so protective of Lemira. Maybe there was something between them.
This was going to be complicated.
Back in the classroom, Evelina immediately asked, "So, what happened?"
"I gave Lemira a piece of my mind, but you know how stubborn she is. Nothing gets through to her."
Of course, Dorian didn't mention being scared off by Lemira.
"Did you manage to make sure Lemira couldn't hire a lawyer?"
Evelina realized Asher had been acting distant, probably still upset over what Lemira said.
Lucian and Alaric were outright ignoring her.
Evelina hoped to change her current situation, relying on Dorian's help if he
d'ensure Lemira find
a lawyer, then Alaric would hook. 
If Alaric was fine, she still had a chance to win him back.
off the
Dorian looked a bit awkward: "Actually, it's not a big deal, but if
ret
step in my mom might find out, and that wouldn't be good for your image." 
Evelina felt disappointed but tried to appear understanding: "Of course, we can't let your mom think badly of me."
How would she ever marry into the Draven family then?
Susanna snorted, "Can't even handle this small task, Dorian. You're useless!"
Dorian, feeling his pride hurt, retorted, "And you're not? Why did you apologize to Lemira in public?"
"Because Lempira had something on
me, and I can't cause trouble right now. My sister is discussing an engagement with the Everhart heir. We can't afford any scandals, or do you think I'd tolerate that bumpkin Lemira?" 
Susanna was nearly fuming: "I can make some calls, ensure Lemira can't find a lawyer. It's no big deal."
Evelina's eyes lit up with hope. This was perfect.
Dorian then looked at Evelina: "Has Lemira found a new boyfriend or something?"
Why else would his cousin protect her?
"No, her on-and-off boyfriend has always been that Dr. Everhart."
Dorian's face changed: "He's an Everhart? Is his name Orion Everhart?"
He had a bad feeling about it.
###Chapter 351
Evelina nodded, her curiosity piqued, "What's up? Why are you suddenly asking about this?"
Could it be that Dorian had developed an interest in Lemira?
After all, Dorian's initial interest was Lemira, and it was she who had deliberately snatched him away.
Now, her sole hope was to marry into the Draven family and bear a son. She couldn't let Lemira snatch away this golden opportunity. Evelina, feeling a bit sour, asked, "Have you started taking an interest in Lemira again?"
"That wild woman, Lemira? I'd have to be blind to fall for her. But what's the full name of that school doctor? It's something Everhart!" Now that his cousin had stepped in to help, could it be that the doctor was connected to the Everhart family?
His cousin was tight with the Everhart heir, almost like brothers.
There might be some connection.
Evelina replied, "I'm not sure about the full name, but I can ask a classmate to dig around our high school for information."
Susanna scoffed, "Dorian, I know what you're thinking, and it's just not possible."
"Just curious, that's all. It seemed odd to me."
"Lemira, a nobody from nowhere, what makes her think she can connect with the Everharts? It's probably just a coincidence with the name."
Evelina then realized Dorian's point, nodding in agreement, "Right, if that school doctor really was from the wealthy Everhart family, he wouldn't be working at a college as a poorly paid doctor. I heard he doesn't even own a house and is living off Lemira's credit card." "Guess I'm overthinking it then."
Hearing Evelina put it that way, Dorian felt there was some logic to it.
After all, the Everharts weren't the only wealthy family in Orvin.
Soon, Dorian would regret his assumptions deeply.
At that moment, Susanna pulled out her phone to binge-watch a series: "My crush's new show is out, and he looks so handsome." Evelina, spotting the screen, felt a burst of happiness: "Caspian's new series is finally streaming."
"You know him?"
Evelina quickly nodded, "Yes, Caspian's brother. We've been close since we were kids, and he even said he'd help me break into showbiz." Susanna's attitude softened significantly, "So, when can you arrange a dinner with Caspian? I'm really into him."
Caspian Langston was exactly her type.
Evelina readily agreed, "No problem consider it done. Caspian's been away filming, but now that his new series is out, he'll be back 
Seeing Susanna so happy, Evelina felt much better.
Suon."
Because of Lemira, Susanna had also been cold towards her.
But now that Susanna was a fan of Caspian, things would be easier.
If Caspian supported her upon his return, she wouldn't have much to worry about.
sin
But she had to be more cautious in the future, to prevent Lemira from exploiting any opportunity to stir up trouble between her and the Langston brothers. 
After all, she hoped to marry into the Draven family and needed the Langstons' support.
---
During class, Lemira received a notification from the Maple Group's work chat: [Meeting at 3 p.m.]
Lemira glanced at it and replied, [Got it.]
The team leader tagged her, [Can you make it this afternoon if you have no classes?]
[Yes, I'm free this afternoon. I'll be there on time.]
Being a part of the company, she would attend the meeting if she could, especially after the recent plagiarism incident. Although it resulted in the Langston Group being labeled as plagiarists and losing their bid, there were probably still rumors about her connection to the Langstons. 
After class, Lemira told Janice, "I need to head to the company for a bit. Let me know if anything comes up at school."
"Sure, but we need to find sponsors for the team. We can't keep using your money. The last ticket purchase already cost us quite a bit."
A million might seem a lot, but it quickly dwindles.
###Chapter 352
Lemira nodded, a determined gleam in her eye, "I'll figure something out. I'm aiming to secure some sponsorships soon."
She was off to a networking dinner that evening, a gathering ripe with potential sponsors from various companies. It was the perfect opportunity to drum up some financial support for their base. Just the day before, at the tournament, she had boldly claimed that the Orvin University Team would advance all the way to the finals.
One had to wonder if any of the sponsors present had the foresight to invest early!
After class, Lemira headed straight to Maple Group.
Entering the conference room, she found the tech team already assembled. However, the moment she appeared, the discussion halted, and the atmosphere turned noticeably tense. "What's up?" Lemira inquired, sensing the shift.
The team leader looked at her, concern evident in his tone, "Lemira, did you not hear? Someone's been spreading word in the legal circles, warning off any lawyers from taking our case."
Really? Lemira's thoughts immediately flew to Asher, but it struck her as odd since she couldn't recall Asher having such influence in legal circles. Could it be something orchestrated by Asher's fiancée? "I wasn't aware," she admitted, feeling slightly off balance.
"Don't sweat it. We just got wind of it too, but I'm sure the boss will handle it," one of her teammates tried to reassure her.
Everyone knew Lemira was Mr. Langston's sister, and despite their brother's favoritism making things tough for her, Lemira had shown remarkable independence by striking out on her own for college and beyond. As Lemira settled into her chair, her mood soured. Without legal representation, they stood little chance in court.
Just then, someone announced, "Lemira, don't worry. The boss is on it."
She looked up to see Thaddeus leading, with Orion following close behind. Orion, having recently resigned from his previous position, now worked here, making their paths cross more frequently. Catching Lemira's distracted gaze, Orion quietly texted her: [Daydreaming?]
Her phone pinged, and with a slight flush, she silenced it, only to see Orion's message.
She glanced at him before replying, [Delete my photo.]
[It's deleted.]
But as Lemira locked eyes with Orion across the room, his
slightly amused gaze told hernet
otherwise. She fumed silently
doubting his words. 
Thaddeus, wrapping up the meeting, asked, "Any other concerns?"
"Mr. Draven," someone spoke up, "there's been talk about someone threatening lawyers against taking our case against the Langston Group."
"Really?" Thaddeus seemed
genuinely surprised, having never worried about such an issue before. He reassured everyone, "I've already secured a lawyer. Don't worry about it. Meeting adjourned." 
As Lemira lingered, Orion approached, "Were you worried about that?"
"Yes," she admitted. "Asher always plays dirty. It wouldn't surprise me if he resorted to such tactics."
Thaddeus chimed in, a smile in his voice, "Lemon, no need to fret. We'll win this case."
Orion shifted the conversation, "Have they decided who will take the fall for this?"
Recalling her bold declaration from the day before, Lemira was about to respond when her phone rang.
Glancing at the caller ID, she quipped, "Speak of the devil."
Answering the call on speaker, she
greeted, Mr. Asher, calling
personally must mean you're ready to take responsibility for everything, right?" 
Asher, caught off guard, was momentarily at a loss for words.
That cheeky girl, how dare she speak to him like that?
###Chapter 353
Lemira couldn't help but scoff when she heard the silence on the other end of the phone.
"Here I was, thinking if you'd take responsibility, I'd have to apologize. But you didn't give me the chance! Tsk."
The sarcasm was off the charts.
Asher, red with anger, retorted, "Lemira, why are you stirring up trouble between my siblings and me? What do you gain from this?"
"I'm doing you a favor, honestly. Or else, why don't you all just go to jail together? A real picture-perfect family moment."
"Oh, keep dreaming."
Lemira put on another show: "So, Mr. Asher, that's why I gave you three siblings a choice to decide who among you would take the fall. Isn't that looking out for you?"
"If Alaric goes to jail, his career is over. Have you no heart?"
"That's so selfish of you. Why don't you take the fall for your brother? Always talking about family being thicker than water. But when push comes to shove, it's your brother who has to bear the responsibility. How selfish." Lemira covered her mouth, trying to hide her laughter.
Orion, watching her, thought she resembled a cunning little fox.
Asher's temper flared. "Lemira, don't get too cocky. Even if Alaric takes the blame, without a lawyer, you'll lose the case. Just wait and see!"
"So, you called just to tell me that?"
"Yes, to give you a reality check. Withdraw the lawsuit to avoid public embarrassment."
"See you in court, then!"
Lemira hung up, confident in her prediction that he wouldn't take responsibility.
Orion spoke up, "So, is it Alaric taking the fall? He was barely involved, not even the one who took the photos."
"Lemon, doesn't this seem too easy on them, especially that scheming girl?"
Lemira smiled. "I'm slowly ripping off their family's mask of unity, watching Evelina lose everything, dragging the Langstons down with her."
She was eager for the moment when their so-called family ties would crumble.
This would serve them right for her past sufferings.
Thaddeus applauded, "Well done. I can't wait to see your brothers' faces when they see Evelina's true colors."
Lemira stood up. "If there's nothing else, I'll head back."
Passing by Orion, she glanced at his phone on the table. The next second, his hand was on it, eyes meeting hers.
Lemira coughed and turned away. Orion was on high alert.
After she left, Orion's expression turned cold. "Is this mess with the lawyer because of your cousin Dorian?"
"I'll check. If it's him, I'll make him pay."
Thaddeus considered the possibility of Dorian's involvement.
Orion, receiving a message, stood up. "I'll handle it."
"Where to?"
"The gym."
Without another word, Orion left.
Thaddeus sighed. Such drama.
Back at university, Lemira headed straight for the gym.
After changing, she went to the equipment area to work on her strength, as advised by her coach for better physical conditioning. 
As she was figuring out a machine, a young man approached. "First time here? Let me show you how it works."
After a brief demo, Lemira thanked him politely.
"No problem. You look young. A student at Orvin University?"
Lemira responded half-heartedly,
and the man's eyes lit up. "A bright
student, eh? I always had a
spot
for the academically giftedContent
belongs to en.kikistontent
Lemira remained silent.
The young man continued, "I was too poor for college, went into business instead. Made it big when my company went public. Still, ? regret not getting more education. Always admired well-read girls." 
ABUMS
Finding him bothersome, Lemira moved on to another machine.
###Chapter 354
But the guy just wouldn't give up. "Hey there, gorgeous. You're totally my type. How about we swap digits? I'm single, doing pretty well for myself, and looking for a smart girl to settle down with." Lemira, growing increasingly impatient, shot back, "Not interested. Please, stop bothering me."
"How's this bothering you? Look at you, can't even afford a personal trainer. Must mean you're not exactly rolling in dough. But hey, stick with me, and you could be looking at a future with a few million in the bank for our kid to inherit." The young man stood up and moved behind Lemira, "Here, let me show you how to do it."
Lemira quickly grabbed his hand and twisted it sharply.
The man cried out in pain, "Let go!"
With a cold stare, Lemira retorted, "Clearly, you didn't check yourself out in the mirror this morning. Typical chump!"
After her sharp rebuke, she let go of his hand.
Lemira wiped her hands on her pants, feeling disgusted by the encounter.
The young man, now infuriated, spat, "Playing the innocent, huh? I know all about you college girls. Pretend to be pure as snow, but deep down, you're all gold diggers. Been with several like you, a bit of cash, and off go the clothes." Lemira, without a word, opened her water bottle and doused him with it.
"Rinse your mouth out, it reeks."
"Feisty, I like that. Just name your price. How's $5,000 a month sound?"
Lemira was at her breaking point. She glanced up at the gym's surveillance cameras.
Time to find a blind spot.
The rule was to avoid getting physical, but if you had to, make sure it wasn't caught on camera.
She walked ahead, the man eagerly following, "If you're a virgin, I might even go up to $10,000."
Lemira led him to a safety corridor, a blind spot from the cameras.
She beckoned him with a finger.
Noticing the privacy, the man grew excited, "Oh, you're into this sort of thing? Why didn't you say so earlier!" The next moment, Lemira's fist connected with his face.
She had never encountered someone so vile.
Conveniently, there was a mop bucket nearby. She grabbed it and dumped the water over his head.
Looking down at him, she remarked, "With a mouth as foul as yours, it's about time someone cleaned it out." "I'll call the police, I'll sue! My teeth are gone!"
He cupped his mouth, feeling his loosened teeth. Upon touching them, they fell out.
Lemira clapped her hands together, "Go ahead, call them. I'll just tell the cops you were harassing me, and I defended myself. The cameras caught your behavior perfectly. Who do you think they'll believe?" 
The man on the ground wailed, "I won't let you get away with this. My lawyers will have you behind bars! You see how scary the world can be with money!" 
Lemira couldn't help but laugh.
Such a drama king! Was he auditioning for a soap opera?
Soon, a male trainer rushed over, "Mr. Jones, what happened?"
"This woman assaulted me! Is this how you treat your wealthy clients?"
The trainer looked at Lemira, "What's going on here? Why did you hit him?" "He was harassing me."
"Huh, I've seen plenty of girls like you. Claim to be from prestigious colleges but are just gold diggers at heart, swooning over rich guys." 
"Yeah. She agreed to it, then suddenly demanded $10,000 a month!"
The onlookers whispered among themselves.
After all, in these situations, it's usually the women who end up getting blamed.
A stern voice cut through the chatter, "Talking about keeping someone and you think you're someone special?"
Orion, with a steely expression, walked over and stood by Lemira, his tone softening, "You okay?"
Lemira shook her head.
The young man shouted, "She agreed to be kept by me! But she's not even a virgin. Why should she get $10,000?" Orion's expression darkened.
He turned around and delivered a swift, heavy punch.
###Chapter 355
Lemira watched in awe as Orion's movements unfolded with professional grace.
The young man was sent sprawling to the ground, too pained to utter a single word.
Seeing one of his well-paying clients getting thrashed, a male trainer grabbed a metal filing cabinet nearby and hurled it towards Orion. Orion reached out to block it, and the trainer lunged at him.
Suddenly, the scene erupted into chaos as the trainer's buddies joined the fray.
Lemira, seeing Orion outnumbered, dashed over to help.
But as a girl, even one who had trained in boxing, she found herself at a disadvantage against the natural strength of men.
"Stop it, what are you doing?"
Just then, the gym's owner rushed over.
The boxing coach, seeing Orion in the mix, panicked and swiftly subdued the group.
The drama concluded.
The young man, hiding in the back, stood up cursing, "You're the boss, right? These two attacked me. How are you going to settle this?"
The trainer and his friends bore visible injuries.
Standing by Orion, Lemira suddenly noticed blood seeping from his arm, her concern evident, "You're bleeding."
"Are you hurt anywhere?"
Orion's first reaction was to check Lemira for injuries, and only after seeing her unharmed did he relax.
The gym owner faced the young man, "We've had several complaints about you harassing the ladies here. Did you think your actions went unnoticed?" The young man felt cornered, "But it was mutual. You can't interfere."
"We have surveillance footage of your harassment," the owner countered.
"Hmph, don't try to scare me. I'm definitely calling the police. I lost a tooth!"
The young man's speech was slurred, his mouth bloody.
"Call the police then. Who's afraid?"
Lemira, after speaking up, took Orion's hand, "Do you have a first aid kit? His wound needs attention."
"We do. I'll get someone on it."
Orion responded calmly, "It's nothing."
"Bleeding and it's nothing?"
Lemira led him to a quieter area of the boxing ring.
Soon, the boxing coach arrived with
a first aid kit, looking nervously
Orion, "Mr. Everhart, I'm
intervene
sorry
at
belongs to en.kikionontent
Who would have guessed the Everhart heir would end up in a brawl here and get injured at that.
Lemira took the first aid kit, "It's not your fault. Things escalated quickly."
She sat beside Orion, inspecting the cut likely caused by the filing cabinet, just a scratch.
Orion glanced at the coach, his gaze icy, "Handle it outside."
"Yes, sir."
The coach hurried out.
Lemira reached for the antiseptic, "This might sting a bit."
"Just a
e paused when the
c touched his skin, hisel
20tch." Orion remarked,
deep, "On purpose?" 
WY
gaze
"Of course not. Cleaning wounds always hurts."
Lemira glanced at him, then gently blew on the wound.
Orion tensed up, turning his head away, his expression slightly awkward.
The gym was quiet, just the two of them.
He turned to see her diligently tending to his injury, her focus unwavering.
After she finished, Lemira looked up at him, "I didn't expect someone as composed as you to throw a punch!"
That was unexpected.
Orion, withdrawing his gaze, replied calmly, "I just couldn't stand his nonsense."
Usually, he didn't need to resort to violence.
But he admitted to losing his
temper, especially hearing that man spread rumors about her, he
couldn't, and didn't want to belan
swn ye
back. 
He glanced at Lemira, "You threw punches too, and even knew to lure him where there's no surveillance."
###Chapter 356
"I never thought that guy would be such a creep, constantly harassing me. I just couldn't take it anymore and wanted to teach him a lesson."
But she never expected it to turn into a full-blown brawl.
This is probably going to get messy now.
Lemira glanced at the wound: "Keep it dry for the next few days, and let's get you a tetanus shot later, considering it was a rusty locker that cut you."
Orion merely nodded. He couldn't really feel the pain right now, but his mind was a whirlwind of thoughts.
The boxing coach returned: "Mr. Everhart, they've called the cops."
"The nerve of them to call the cops!" Lemira stormed out in fury. This gym, located just off campus, had been the scene of numerous girls being harassed by that man. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got.
As Lemira left, Orion watched her charge out like a bull in a china shop, a slight smile on his face. She indeed had a strong sense of justice.
"Mr. Everhart, I apologize for my negligence in allowing you to get hurt," the boxing coach said, his voice filled with respect but also tension. Orion glanced at his wound and asked calmly, "Did you find out anything about that guy?"
"Hogan called me. The guy just got lucky and started a tech company, now worth a couple of million. Thinks he's the big man because of it." To Orion, in Orvin, a couple of million dollars wasn't even worth the price of one of his watches.
Orion's gaze turned icy: "Call Hogan. Have him aggressively take over that company. I want that guy bankrupt by sunset tomorrow!"
"Understood. The police have also been informed, and with solid evidence against him as a repeat offender, they'll make sure he pays." Only then did Orion stand and head outside.
He saw Lemira giving that man a piece of her mind, full of righteous fury.
The creeper was getting a verbal lashing from Lemira, unable to utter a word in his defense, mainly because he'd lost several teeth and was in too much pain to speak clearly. Orion walked over and handed Lemira a bottle of water.
Just in time, too. She had been ranting so much she was practically parched.
She turned to the police and stated, "I've told you the whole story. It was self-defense."
"We've got a pretty clear picture of what happened here," the officer responded.
And with that, they cuffed the creeper, who still had the audacity to shout, "Why are you arresting me? I'm the victim here! You know who I am? I'm rich!"
Hearing him still get taken away gave Lemira a sense of satisfaction.
Good riddance to such scum.
But the creeper's cronies, a few other trainers, were still there.
One of them, defiant, said, "Boss,
how can you protect this woman et
My male client is a rich man, and she,just a college girl, clearly had a motive to s*** him." 
Now that their client was taken away, his own profits were down the drain.
A rich guy messing around with a few girls, what's the big deal?
Orion's expression darkened, a chill spreading around him.
The boxing coach, sensing his anger, confronted the defiant trainer, "What nonsense are you spouting? You know exactly what kind of
person your 'rich' client is. Just net
because we're all men here doesn't mean we share your twisted values." 
The gym owner, noticing Orion's displeasure, said to the defiant trainer, You and your buddies can go settle your wages at HR. I can't employ people with such skewed merals." 
"If that's how it is, I'm out. I didn't want to stay anyway."
"Yeah, it's just a consensual thing. Why act all high and mighty?"
As that trainer left, he sneered at Orion, "Don't get fooled by this college girl. Who knows how many guys she's messed with in the dark."
Orion's response was swift and cold, kicking the trainer's belongings aside, his gaze icy.
"Apologize!"
###Chapter 357
Orion's gaze was dark and icy, exuding an air of defiance that was hard to ignore.
The male coach, irked by the confrontation, retorted, "Why should I apologize? You should be thanking me for warning you about these gold-diggers."
Orion's eyes narrowed slightly, his hand reaching out only to be stopped by another.
Lemira stepped forward, locking eyes with the male coach, "Sounds like you've been burned pretty bad in the past. With all this misogyny, you might as well crawl back into your mother's womb and save us the embarrassment." His disdain for women was palpable, yet he too was borne of a woman's struggle.
The coach's face flushed with anger, "Say that again?"
"So, by your logic, women are liars, right? That must mean your mother is a liar too, for deceiving your father and then giving birth to a piece of work like you."
Lemira's words only fueled the coach's rage.
The gym owner intervened, pushing the coach slightly, "That's enough. Want to end up in jail? We have cameras here."
The coach shot Lemira a venomous look before storming off in a huff.
Turning to Orion and Lemira, the owner spoke apologetically, "I had no idea he was capable of this. I should have dealt with that member's issue sooner."
Who could have predicted this outcome?
Orion remained silent, his displeasure evident.
Lemira quickly spoke up, "These things happen sometimes. It's not your fault."
"Ms. Langston, I appreciate your understanding."
Orion then spoke, "Is that it?"
The owner, caught off guard by the question and realizing who he was dealing with, glanced around at the other coaches.
One of the coaches coughed, "Given it's an issue that arose in our gym, we should offer Ms. Langston some form of compensation, like waiving her membership fee for the year and her session fees."
The owner nodded in agreement, "Right, right. How could I forget?"
Lemira shook her head, "There's no need. Had I not taken matters into my own hands, this could have been avoided."
But she wasn't one to back down, especially when thinking of others who could be harmed by such vile behavior.
Orion added, "There's no need to tolerate injustice. You did well."
Lemira nodded, realizing she was still
quickng onto Orion's hand. She
quickly let go, a bit flustered, "And
you were ready to throw punches!" 
Orion, usually so composed, had shown a fiercer side.
But Lemira had stopped him, knowing it wouldn't be wise under the watchful eyes of the cameras.
Orion muttered something about the coach's insolence.
The coach looking at Orion's
suggested, "Mr. Everhand
it's
to play it safe and
s shot." Content get
belongs to
After all, as Orion's bodyguard rather than his coach, he couldn't bear the responsibility should anything happen.
Orion brushed it off, "It's nothing."
Lemira frowned, "This is not 'nothing.' You're going to the hospital now."
Orion was clearly reluctant.
The owner then suggested, "Take them
cho
to the hospital to get
out. Ms. Langston, your hand looks cut too." 
Orion immediately took Lemira's hand, "You're hurt?"
Indeed, there was a cut on Lemira's hand she hadn't noticed.
"I just need some antiseptic, no need for a hospital visit."
But seeing the scabbed over wound on Orion's arm convinced her he needed medical attention, possibly a tetanus shot.
The coach drove them to a private clinic.
Upon arriving, Orion paused, wary of running into acquaintances.
The coach reassured, "Everything's been arranged."
It was crucial that Orion, of his stature, faced no complications.
They headed straight to the director's office, and the floor was cleared upon Orion's arrival.
###Chapter 358
Not long after, the dean came over with his medical kit in hand, noticing Orion was not alone but accompanied by a girl, a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes, "Is this your girlfriend who got hurt this time?" Lemira pursed her lips in response, "I'm not his girlfriend."
Orion glanced at her and then firmly took her hand, "She's injured."
After examining the wound on Lemira's hand, the dean chuckled, "That scratch? You'd heal up even if you came in later."
Lemira's cheeks flushed with embarrassment, "It's his arm that's injured, cut by a metal locker, needs a tetanus shot."
She shifted to show the dean Orion's arm wound.
The dean's demeanor changed upon seeing Orion's injury. After a thorough check, he administered the tetanus shot to Orion.
Then, looking at Lemira, he teased Orion, "Playing the hero and still getting hurt, kinda embarrassing, huh?"
Orion, known for his boldness, seemed much more restrained today, especially in front of a young lady.
Quite the rare sight.
Feeling slightly embarrassed after getting the shot, Orion took the antiseptic from the kit to clean Lemira's wound, which stung a bit.
Lemira winced, and Orion raised an eyebrow, "Does it hurt?"
She knew he was also teasing her on purpose.
The dean coughed, "Alright, you got the shot, now off you go. Don't loiter around here. I'm old, my blood sugar's high, can't stand all this sweet nonsense." Orion put down the antiseptic and took Lemira away from the hospital.
Lemira looked at him, "You know that doctor?"
"Yeah, I know him."
Suddenly, Lemira asked, "Orion, are you rich?"
Orion paused, his gaze fixed on her, trying to discern her thoughts but to no avail.
He asked tentatively, "Why do you ask?"
"This is a private hospital, owned by the Everhart family, a prominent name. Only people of certain status come here. And you know the dean so well." Lemira found it a bit strange.
Orion coughed, "I used to be a doctor, isn't it normal to know people from the same field?"
Then it dawned on Lemira that he used to be a doctor, though just a school doctor.
"Why did you become a school doctor at a high school then?"
She remembered that the sarcastic school doctor didn't stay long before leaving.
Orion glanced at the sky, "Personal reasons."
Personal reasons?
Lemira looked at him curiously, sensing there was more to him, "Are you hiding secrets?" Orion paused for a moment.
He softly said, "Yes."
"So, were you some kind of secret agent before, with some mysterious mission, and now you're retired but still have secretive tasks to handle?" 
Orion flicked her forehead, "Watch less TV."
Walking ahead with his long strides, Lemira had to jog to keep up, "Then why did you become our school doctor?"
It seemed unusual.
After getting in the car, Orion looked at her, "So interested in my story?"
"I suspect you were undercover at our school."
"Quite the imagination, perfect for a screenwriter."
Lemira smiled, "How did you know I've written scripts before?"
She had written scripts for Caspian in her past life.
Caspian, an actor and owner of a production company, was great at acting but not at running a business, constantly losing money due to a lack of good scripts. 
She had tried her hand at
scriptwriting, but Caspian always dismissed her work. Ironically, it was her script that became a
blockbuster, making a fortune! 
Yet, in the end, Caspian credited Evelina as the main creator, reducing her to a mere editor.
Her achievements were stolen once again.
Evelina, dubbed the most beautiful screenwriter, smoothly entered the entertainment world, becoming a star. Well, this time.
She wouldn't give Caspian the movie script.
Considering the timing, Caspian's TV series should have premiered.
But she hadn't received her scriptwriting fee yet!
She planned to reclaim what was hers, with interest!
###Chapter 359
Orion flicked her forehead lightly, "What's on your mind?"
"Nothing."
Lemira didn't press further, but she was certainly going to make things even.
Soon, they arrived outside the school.
Lemira glanced at him, "I'll head back to school then. Remember, don't get your arm wet for the next few days."
Orion's brow furrowed but he remained silent.
Lemira dug into her bag and pulled out four band-aids, then carefully placed them around his wound. "There, that should do it."
"You think you're laying down some kind of spell? These things waterproof or something?"
"They're not, but they'll let me know if you've gotten the wound wet while showering."
A triumphant smile played on Lemira's face. "I'm off then."
Orion watched her disappear into the school, a glance at the pink band-aids on his arm. He couldn't help but smirk. Childish, indeed.
But he didn't remove them. He left them as they were.
It was only after Lemira had gone into the school that Orion's gaze darkened.
His tone was dangerously low, "Where are those scumbags?"
In front of Lemira, he had restrained himself, but that didn't mean he was going to let it slide.
The boxing coach glanced at his phone. "Caught and taught a lesson already. What's your call on dealing with them?"
Orion rolled down his window, resting one hand casually by the frame, his fingers tapping lightly.
"Stitch the gym coach's mouth shut as a warning to keep his mouth shut in the future. Then make them testify, ensuring that the scumbag rots in jail for life."
The coach nodded. Scum like that deserved to be locked away, a menace to society.
Orion's gaze drifted towards the dorms of Orvin University, his expression thoughtful.
That's when his phone rang.
Hesitating for a moment upon seeing the caller ID, he eventually answered, "Mom."
"I heard you got hurt?"
Orion's gaze deepened. "It's nothing."
"You think you can hide the hospital visit from me?"
He massaged his temples, "Just a minor injury."
"Is it because of that girl again? Last time you had that car accident, she was with you too!" "It's not related to her."
He knew visiting the Everhart
family's clinic would alert his family, but by then, it was too late to turn back without raising Lemira's suspicions. 
"If you really like that girl, I won't stop you. Just bring her over for me to meet. Which family's daughter is she?"
Orion's voice was heavy, "There's no need for that."
"Don't tell me her family background
is average? You've always had high standards, with so many girls chasing after you. How could you fall for someone so ordinary?" 
en FindNovel
swre
"It's a different matter. And please, stop trying to investigate her."
"I would love to, but you're protecting her so closely, who could find out?"
Mrs. Amanda sounded a bit
frustrated. After all this time, not a trace of information had surfaced, a testament to how well he was shielding her. 
If he wasn't serious, why go to such lengths?
After a short conversation filled with silence on both ends, Mrs. Amanda sighed and ended the call first.
Orion looked at his phone, then dialed Matthew, immediately hearing bar music in the background.
"Where are you?"
"Bro, I'm at a bar. You coming?"
"Stay home these next few days, keep Mom company, and stop wandering outside."
After hanging up, Orion felt relieved knowing Matthew would keep their mother occupied, away from prying into his matters.
The boxing coach, looking anxious, broke the silence. "Mr. Everhart, I shouldn't have taken you to that private clinic. It was my mistake."
Hearing Mrs. Amanda's call, the coach realized the mistake of taking Orion to that clinic, too easily spotted by acquaintances.
###Chapter 360
Orion slowly closed his eyes, "Just make sure she's safe."
He could handle his own business.
---
Back at her dorm, Lemira couldn't shake off the incident at the gym earlier that day.
It was surprising to see Orion, usually so composed and aloof, losing his cool.
The way he threw punches was a far cry from his usual refined demeanor.
Could it be that Orion had secrets he wasn't telling?
The next day, Janice sent her a link: "Heard about this creep getting caught at the gym across from campus. Be extra careful if you're heading there, heard quite a few girls had run-ins with him." Clicking on the link, Lemira saw it was indeed about the incident from yesterday.
So, her hunch was right; that jerk had managed to prey on several girls, even going as far as harming them.
Just regular college girls, how could they stand a chance against a grown man, let alone a repeat offender?
It seemed she had indeed rid the community of a menace.
But Orion got hurt in the process. She grabbed her phone to message him: [You awake?]
[Yeah, what's up?]
[Send a pic, let me see.]
Leaning against his bed's headboard, Orion replied, [What do you want to see?]
Seeing his message, Lemira quickly locked her phone, afraid someone might see.
After calming herself, she unlocked her phone and replied, [The band-aid I put on you yesterday.] [It's still there.]
[I don't believe you. Show me.]
[Why don't you come see for yourself?]
Staring at the chat, Lemira wondered if he ever spoke straightforwardly.
After class, Lemira headed to the eSports team's base; it was time to train with her teammates.
Their eyes were set on next year's competition-if they wanted a shot at the finals, they had to put in the work now. Logging on, Lemira received a friend request.
Seeing the name, it was Matthew?
After a moment's thought, she accepted and typed, [How did you find out my in-game name?]
Matthew, twirling a lollipop, knew he had to remember his brother's crush's gaming alias.
Getting on her good side was crucial for helping his brother escape an arranged marriage one grand plan!
Matthew replied, [Who among your fans wouldn't?]
Lemira had mixed feelings seeing
Matthe
name, suspecting he
might be the one she had a
crush
secret
on in her past life. 
After a moment, she ventured, [Got a question for you.] [Shoot.]
He knew everything about his brother, including the secrets and his true feelings for Lemira. Lemira hesitated, [Hypothetically, would you drop out of the finals for someone or something?]
In her past life, Matthew had unexpectedly withdrawn from the finals, shocking everyone.
Some even suspected the Langston Group had pressured him.
But Lemira knew better; Matthew was a scion of the Everhart family, beyond the Langston's reach. Caught off guard by her question, Matthew struggled to reply.
Seeing his silence, Lemira typed, [Never mind if it's hard to answer.]
[It is
answer because I've
Wabout it. I take mynet
never
profabout it. I take my et
integrity seriously.
't just quit.] 
Especially not the finals.
But Lemira's question must have a reason behind it.
Was she testing his dedication to gaming?
After all, his mother strictly opposed his pro gaming career; if not for his r's support, he w chance. Conteve
this
belongs to
After pondering, Matthew replied, [Honestly, there is someone who could make me quit the finals.]
His brother, of course!
###Chapter 361
Who else but his brother could pull off such an outrageous act!
But then again, his brother wouldn't really make such a request, would he?
After all, he's his brother's smart, cute, and sensible little brother!
Matthew stared at his computer, sensing a profound meaning behind his sister-in-law's question. But he couldn't figure out why.
What if he gave a bad answer and left a poor impression on his sister-in-law?
He was his brother's hardworking, brave, and intelligent sibling; he couldn't afford to be a burden!
"Captain, are you in an online romance or something? You're smiling so brightly. Who're you chatting with?"
"Get lost, it's nothing like that. I'm chatting with Ms. Lemon, but she threw a weird question at me."
"What did she ask?"
Matthew repeated Lemira's question to his team member.
His teammate had an epiphany: "Dude, she's trying to play you."
"Don't talk nonsense. How could she possibly be trying to play me!"
"Think about it. Didn't Ms. Lemon declare war on us in public on the day of the competition? Next year, we're rivals. She's trying to figure out what or who could make you drop out of the competition. Isn't her intention obvious now?" Matthew thought it over: "You might have a point there."
He almost falling into a trap!
What if she cooed and cuddled up to his brother, blowing pillow talk in his ear, and next thing, his brother asked him to drop out of the competition?
His brother was totally capable of doing something like that!
No, he couldn't dig his own grave!
His head could be cut, blood may flow, but losing the competition was not an option!
Matthew looked at Lemira's message and hesitated, unsure of how to respond.
[Who is it?]
[Are you still there?]
After waiting for a while without a reply from Matthew, Lemira grew anxious.
Was there really someone like that?
She wanted to know who it was!
Eventually, Matthew simply went offline.
He patted his chest, feeling a surge of relief wash over him, nearly getting caught in the conversation trap.
No, he absolutely couldn't reveal his weakness!
Not even to his sister-in-law!
The next second, Matthew's phone buzzed.
He saw Lemira's message: [Did something come up for you to go offline?]
Matthew immediately felt a headache coming on. He needed to think of how to dodge the question smoothly.
He absolutely couldn't let her connect it back to his brother!
Lemira waited with her phone for a long while but got no reply from Matthew. Perhaps he was
with something urgent. Canet
But after seeing Matthew's reply, her heart inexplicably sped up.
Was there really someone like that? Who?
up
Lemira was afraid to know the answer, yet she was also afraid that the answer might disappoint her.
Lemira documented the entire new recruit training process, advising her senior to follow the procedure to train everyone. After leaving the base, she headed straight to the gym.
Her mind was in disarray, and she wanted to distract herself with boxing instead of risking seeking Matthew out.
To ask him directly for that answer.
But her rational mind told her not to do it.
What if Matthew wasn't the one?
What if it was just a coincidence of names?
Upon arriving at the gym, the owner was surprised to see her: "You didn't book a session in advance today?"
"No, it was a last-minute decision. Is the coach not here?"
"Right, he's not. I'll give him a call."
After all, that coach was exclusively Lemira's, only coming to the gym when she had pre-booked, not otherwise.
Even the equipment by the boxing
ring
been completely replaced
with top-brand items, the gym's
belongs to entent
Now, he too felt like he was just working a job.
After changing, Lemira went straight to the boxing area.
She put on her boxing gloves and started punching the bag, her mind replaying her life after being
cked
out by the Langston family, who had cut off all her connections. 
Whenever she found a job, she would soon be fired.
She even thought about taking jobs in the underworld, but her reputation there was tarnished, and no one would hire her.
###Chapter 362
She was at her lowest, fainting from hunger on the streets.
It was then that a stranger stepped in, handed her a card full of cash - a lifeline, urging her to start anew, far from the life that had beaten her down.
But hatred for Evelina consumed her. Blaming Evelina for her misfortunes, she plotted revenge with the very money meant to save her, aiming to kidnap and end Evelina's life.
Her plan, however, backfired miserably, landing her in a mental institution under Asher's orders, where she met her demise due to the cruelty of a caretaker arranged by Evelina herself. What a foolish end, she thought. She should've walked away.
"You're gonna get hurt doing that."
Lemira swung a punch that was easily blocked by Orion.
Panting and drenched in sweat, she paused, "How did you find me here?"
Orion handed her a bottle of water, "Can't I hit the gym?"
"Why this gym, though?" Lemira questioned, taking a sip and dabbing at the sweat threatening to sting her eyes.
Catching her blinking away the sweat, Orion used his towel to dab at her forehead, "Stay still."
Lemira froze, noticing their shadows merge on the floor.
Orion chuckled, draping the towel over her head, "You look like a grandma!"
Lemira, unamused, yanked the towel off.
"What's got you down?" Orion asked, sensing her off mood as she took her frustrations out on the punching bag.
"Was it because of what that guy said to you yesterday?" he probed, knowing there was more to her gloom than a simple verbal spat.
Lemira shook her head, dismissing the notion. Strangers' words never fazed her. It was something deeper, something tied to her second chance at life and Matthew, but how could she explain that? "Just a lot going on, feeling a bit overwhelmed," she finally admitted.
Orion didn't press further, standing up, "Let me help you blow off some steam."
"But you're injured," she instinctively glanced at his arm, covered that day by a long-sleeve shirt.
"Wanna see?" Orion teased, starting to unbutton his shirt to reveal his collarbone.
Lemira stopped him, flustered, "What are you doing? Who asked you to s***?"
"How else will you see?" he teased further, enjoying her discomfort.
"Go change, and I'll see it then," she retorted, the room still warm from the late summer heat.
Orion smirked, "Just kidding. You'd have to pay to see me s***."
"And how much would that cost?" she played along, despite the heat in her cheeks.
"For you?
offer?" be flirted, causing her away, "As if I'd want to."
tee. Want to take up t
She couldn't help but admit, in jest, she stood no chance against him.
s to en.kikistoric the
Relieved to see her spirits lifted, Orion headed to change.
In the locker room, he was bombarded with a call from
Matthew, discussing trivial mat
untikOrion grew impatient, "Get to
the point or I'm hanging up. 
"Bro, don't hang up. Did she make any requests?" Matthew hesitated, hinting at a concern for Lemira.
Orion played along, "She might have."
"Man, you can't side with her against your own brother!" Matthew
protested, worried Orion might ne
withdraw from a competition for Lemira's sake. 
"What did she say to you?"
Matthew quickly caught on. "Bro, you set me up!"
The man's tone turned serious. "Say it!"
It must have something to do with Lemira being in a bad mood today!
###Chapter 363
Matthew was as stubborn as a mule. "If my sister-in-law isn't talking, then neither am I!"
He knew it. He was being played by his brother yet again.
This was just typical, the story of his life!
Orion's tone was less than pleasant. "My patience is wearing thin!"
"Bro, am I even your real brother, or did you pick me up from a dumpster?"
"If you know, you know."
Matthew was livid. "I don't care, I am your real brother. If you're so sure, why don't you get your wife to spill the beans, huh!"
With that, Matthew hung up the phone in a huff. Always getting picked on!
Orion tried calling back several times, but the little rascal wouldn't pick up.
Rubbing his temples in frustration, he texted: "Growing wings, are you?" That little brat!
Matthew wouldn't have spilled something he shouldn't have, making Lemira doubt who he really was, would he?
Orion felt a pang of anxiety.
But from what Matthew said, it didn't seem likely.
Changing into a fresh set of clothes, Orion stepped outside to find Lemira sitting by herself on the ground, looking utterly forlorn. Seeing her like that tugged at his heartstrings.
He walked over and casually tossed a pair of boxing gloves at her, hitting her squarely.
"Ouch!"
Lemira looked up to see Orion smirking at her with a playful gleam in his eyes.
She couldn't help but want to punch him.
Standing up, she accused, "You did that on purpose, didn't you?"
"It was clearly an accident. Did you see me throw it? It rolled over by itself."
"Do you really think I'd buy that?"
Lemira had been wallowing in a pit of despair over what Matthew had said, but Orion's stunt had shifted her mood entirely to annoyance.
Picking up the boxing gloves, Orion challenged, "If you're feeling aggrieved, why not prove your point with a few rounds?"
Biting her lip, Lemira noticed the band-aid on his shoulder. He hadn't moved an inch.
Following her gaze, Orion assured, "Don't worry, I've got it covered."
This guy, could he ever just speak plainly?
Lemira threw a punch, catching him off guard, and grinned as she stepped back, "That's what
get
SWl.ne?
for losing focus." 
Orion rubbed his chin, locking eyes with her, "That punch lacked strength. You can do better."
Lemira was determined to prove him wrong, charging forward.
The two sparred on the boxing ring, exchanging blows.
In a lazy drawl, Orion taunted, "Too slow. What are you, a tortoise?"
"Watch for openings. Use your head, not just brute force!"
"Too weak. Put some muscle into it. What, didn't have your Wheaties?"
Lemira was about ready to explode.
Accused of being slow, she sped up.
Then he critiqued her for being reckless, so she started to think more strategically.
When she did, he complained about her lack of strength.
How could anyone's commentary be so infuriating?
Eventually, Lemira collapsed on the ground, spent. "I can't do this anymore."
Orion looked down at her, "Good. Exhaustion means less overthinking."
He handed her a clean towel, but Lemira was too tired to even lift her arms. She didn't move.
Sitting beside her, Orion gently wiped the sweat from her face, ensuring she felt comfortable. Feeling his touch, Lemira's heartbeat skipped erratically.
She took the towel from him, "I'll do it myself."
Orion didn't say a word, just placed two
bayres of water beside t
He was pretty beat himself, Content to en.kikistom
Lemira had improved significantly in a short period, her strength surpassing that of many women.
The coach was right; she had a natural talent.
Wiping the sweat off, Lemira felt a
wave
too tired to dwell on anythineet
They sat in silence, the setting sun casting a beautiful glow inside.
Orion broke the silence, "What did Matthew tell you?"
"How did you know?"
else.
Lemira looked at him, a mix of surprise and apprehension. Could Orion have sensed something?
She knew Orion was sharp; keeping secrets from him was no easy feat.
At that moment, Orion felt just as uneasy.
###Chapter 364
Because he had no clue what Matthew had said to Lemira.
Orion took a deep breath, trying to keep his cool. "Don't let his words get to you."
"I know."
Lemira had calmed down quite a bit now, taking a sip of water. "I only asked him one thing, but he didn't even answer."
"What did you ask?"
Orion's heart tightened, more than it ever did during business negotiations.
Lemira hesitated for a moment before looking at him. Considering he also knew Matthew and seemed to be on good terms, maybe Orion would have the answer? Matthew must have dropped out of the finals for someone important.
"Do you not trust me?" Orion asked, looking her straight in the eye.
"No, it's just... I was curious if someone could make him drop out of the finals."
Lemira felt her question was a bit inappropriate.
How was Matthew supposed to respond to that?
After hearing her, Orion found it odd. "Why would you ask something like that?"
"Just curious, that's all."
Lemira wasn't ready to tell the whole truth.
Recalling Matthew's remarks, Orion couldn't help but smirk, understanding why Matthew was all huffy when he came to him.
"You're not trying to find Matthew's weak spot so he drops out of next year's competition, are you?"
"What kind of logic is that? Is that how low you think of me?"
The thought had never even crossed Lemira's mind.
She believed in fair play; winning by deceit wasn't a victory worth celebrating.
But seeing Orion's expression, she realized Matthew must have misunderstood too.
"Then why ask? It obviously upset you."
Orion remembered the scene where Lemira Matthew stood together during the competition, feeling an
discomfort.
Lemira wanted to explain, but without revealing her true s she paused. "Okay, I admit, it.
bit of a probe." 
That was the only answer she could give.
Orion studied her for a moment, sensing she wasn't being entirely honest.
"You seem very curious about Matthew?"
Lemira nodded. "A little."
a
She had thought that to confirm if Matthew was the person from her past life, she'd need to interact with him more. Orion, squeezing his water bottle tightly, his gaze intense, remarked, "He's just a kid."
"He's two years older than me. We're both adults here, what 'kid'? Does that make you feel old or something?"
Orion couldn't help but pinch her cheek. "You mean I'm old?"
Rubbing her face, Lemira retorted, "Whoever admits it."
Looking at Orion, she couldn't help but notice he wasn't old at all-young, handsome, with a great physique.
The atmosphere between them felt tinged with ambiguity.
Standing up, she said, "I'm going to change."
She hurriedly left, patting her face to clear her thoughts.
After changing and coming out, she saw him leaning against the wall, his figure striking.
They left the gym together, walking side by side towards the University, their shadows merging.
"Lemmy."
Lucian's car was parked by the curb, and he rushed over, looking troubled.
Lemira frowned, not in the mood to deal with him.
But Lucian didn't give up. "Lemmy, I heard Asher is pulling strings in the legal world to make things difficult for you." Lemira raised an eyebrow. "And?"
"Lemmy, the Langstons losing the
bid has cost them dearly, and Asher is livid. You've made your point
against the Langstons. Why push for a lawsuit and take this to court?" 
en FindNovel
###Chapter 365
Lucian couldn't believe Lemira was actually going through with the lawsuit.
Lemira just laughed it off, "If you do something wrong, you've got to face the consequences. It's not like I forced Evelina to steal from me." Lucian grimaced, "Even if you wanted to sue, you guys can't even afford a decent lawyer. Why embarrass yourself?"
Orion spoke up, ice in his tone, "We'll see when we get to court."
He had hired a lawyer himself, sure of a win.
After saying this, Orion grabbed Lemira's hand, "I'm starved, and you still owe me a dinner!"
Lemira didn't argue and walked away with him.
Lucian didn't follow. Only then did Lemira ask Orion, "When did I owe you a dinner?"
"Remember the car accident last time?"
Lemira remembered. Orion had almost got hurt because of her, and she had promised to treat him to a meal once he was better.
"I remember now," she admitted.
"At least you have some conscience."
Lemira pondered, "So, what do you want to eat?"
Orion looked at her intensely, "You'll agree to anything I choose?"
She felt his gaze was different but dismissed it as her imagination; this man was always good at hiding his true feelings.
Lemira shrugged, "I'm kinda broke right now, nothing too expensive."
"What do you usually like?"
"I heard there's a new bistro near the campus, supposed to be good. Wanna try?"
Orion, ever so dignified, nodded, "But I want a private booth."
Typical, always with the extra requests.
However, the man did like his peace and was a bit of a germophobe.
Lemira called ahead to reserve a private booth, and they set off, walking side by side but maintaining a distance.
After following the GPS for a while, Lemira realized they were going the wrong way.
She stopped to check the map.
Orion came closer, "Lost, little turtle?"
"This GPS is off."
"It's you who can't follow directions. Give it here."
Taking her phone, he glanced around and then put the GPS away, "Follow me."
"You sure you remember the way without the GPS?"
"Remembering a route is easy. Just follow me, lost lamb."
Lemira poked his side playfully, "Stop with the weird nicknames."
Slow turtle, lost lamb.
He inhaled sharply, his gaze turning serious, "Don't just touch a man's waist."
"What, are you ticklish?"
She poked him again, but this time. Orion caught her hand, "Keep touching, and you'll have to take
Bssibility." 
She met his deep gaze and quickly looked away, "I didn't really touch, just poked." Her voice trailed off.
Orion let go of her hand and continued walking, though not as composed as before. Following him, they soon reached the bistro and entered the private booth.
The owner came in to take their
order, "We're a bit busy today,
sorry for any inconvenience Sonet
would you like?" 
Orion sat down without taking the menu, leaving the choice to Lemira.
The owner handed the menu to Lemira, "Your boyfriend is so considerate, letting the lady choo I'm all over the place today"
belongs to en.FindNovel t
Lemira took the menu without explaining and looked at Orion, "What do you feel like?" "I'll have whatever you're having."
Knowing his preferences, Lemira ordered a few dishes, including the house specials. The booth fell silent.
While scrolling through her phone, Lemira felt Orion's gaze on her, impossible to ignore.
She looked up to meet his eyes.
Neither spoke. He remained silence, heating her utensils, the silence between them speaking volumes.
###Chapter 366
Orion's fingers, defined and elegant, made even the simplest actions look mesmerizing.
"What are you staring at?"
He placed the silverware in front of her, and Lemira turned her head, meeting his gaze, "Can't I admire someone as handsome as you?" Orion squinted, "Is that a roundabout way of insulting me?"
"Of course not, you're quite the looker."
"Am I your type?"
Upon hearing those words, Lemira's grip loosened, and the fork clattered to the floor. She bent down in a fluster to pick it up, her mind racing. Did he notice something? Or was it intentional?
Lemira retrieved the silverware, but he took it from her hands, placing his own set in front of her.
He then grabbed a fresh pair and heated them over a small flame.
She didn't respond to his question, and he didn't press further, as if he never asked.
Orion glanced at her, noticing she was preoccupied with her phone.
He had to admit, his question was deliberate.
She had been getting too close to Matthew.
Just as Orion was about to break the silence, the waitress came in with their order.
Seeing the food in front of her, Lemira's appetite surged. She eagerly started eating, her focus entirely on the meal.
Orion watched her for a moment, not saying anything. He noticed the dishes were exactly to his taste.
The two ate in silence.
After finishing her meal, Lemira felt much better, her spirits lifted.
Only then did she notice Orion had finished his meal too. He was watching her, his gaze calm and open.
Lemira felt a bit embarrassed, "Why are you looking at me?"
She reached for a napkin to wipe her mouth, though there was nothing there.
Orion rested his hand on the table, "Feeling better?"
"Yeah, much better."
"I can answer that question you asked Matthew."
Her heart skipped a beat as she looked
t Orion, her eyes filled withet
anticipation and a bit of
apprehension. 
Orion caught her expression and said, "His family, especially his mother has always been against him gaming. If anyone could make him quit, it would be his mother." en FindNovel
He never intended for Matthew to drop out!
IMS
Lemira was stunned. Matthew's mother? That would be the affluent Mrs. Amanda?
But that seemed off. Maybe she was wrong.
"Disappointed?"
Orion noticed the look of disappointment on Lemira's face.
She shook her head, "No, it's getting late. We should head out."
Orion stood up, his gaze lingering on her, "Is winning the competition that important to you?"
"Even if I wanted to win, I wouldn't resort to such tactics."
Orion believed her, but her question was still odd.
He didn't probe further.
Reaching the bar, Orion quickly paid the bill with a scan of his phone.
Lemira was a step behind, "Didn't we agree that I was treating?"
"Yeah, you treat, I pay."
Orion didn't see anything wrong with that arrangement.
The owner smiled, "It's only right for your boyfriend to pay. You two make a lovely couple."
Orion, busy with the transaction, didn't bother to correct her.
Lemira was about to say something when a familiar voice called her name, "Lemira, is that you?" Evelina walked in, eyeing them both.
She sounded smug, "A date at this dive? That's pretty low-end. My boyfriend Dorian is taking me to Bistrova, you know. That's where the elite dine. You need a million dollars just to become a member. 
Lemira blinked. Bistrova?
That sounded familiar.
She glanced at Orion, wondering what he'd make of Evelina's boast.
###Chapter 367
Lemira had this niggling feeling that she'd dined at Bistrova before.
It was Thaddeus who had footed the bill last time they visited that joint.
Orion, feeling slightly guilty for once, managed a strained response. "Yeah, it's the same place we hit up before."
After all, it was Thaddeus' treat.
Lemira nodded, "I knew that name rang a bell."
Evelina covered her mouth to stifle a laugh. "Oh, cut the act, you two. You only went to some knock-off version of Bistrova, not the real deal I was talking about. Given your status as a mere school doctor, I doubt you could afford a meal there." Evelina had walked in just now, spotting Lemira with a man, and couldn't resist joining them.
Sure enough, it was Lemira with that broke school doctor.
Thankfully, Lemira was still hanging out with that loser, leaving no room for her to swoop in on Dorian. That gave Evelina some peace of mind.
Lemira's fair face took on a frosty expression. "It's just a meal. Are you starving for attention or what?"
"Why are you getting so worked up, Lemira? I just want your boyfriend to treat you better. Skip these dive bars and at least aim for a decent diner." Evelina was in high spirits, finally having something to hold over Lemira.
At the very least, her boyfriend was loaded.
But Lemira's boyfriend was just a broke school doctor, doomed to be a pauper for life!
"Evelina, with your pea brain, can you even appreciate good food?" Lemira retorted before grabbing Orion's wrist. "Let's go."
There was no need to stick around for Evelina's babbling.
Orion glanced down but didn't resist, quietly following Lemira out of the diner.
Evelina, still somewhat resentful, followed them out. "Tough times running away from home, huh, Lemira? If you're strapped for cash, just say the word."
Lemira turned around. "Why don't
you focus
boyfriend? After all, his met
on cozying up to your
to mess with."
In this life, Evelina hadn't stolen her glory or achieved anything noteworthy.
So how was the scheming girl going to win over Dorian's tough mother?
That seemed unlikely.
Evelina stomped her foot in frustration. How did Lemira know Dorian's mother didn't like her?
She had even bought a gift for Dorian's mother, only for it to be returned the next day with a not-so-polite message saying they wouldn't accept items of unclear origin. 
It was clear she wasn't liked.
Fuming, Evelina's face contorted
velbet
with anger. She was determined to marry into the Draven family,
become a society lady, and forever outshine Lemira. 
Beep beep, Dorian pulled up in his sports car, honking.
Evelina jogged over, flashing an innocent smile. "You made it."
"Who were you talking to, taking forever to come over?"
"Oh, I ran into Lemira and her boyfriend. I thought they had broken up, but they're still together. Lemira sure is loyal."
To think she'd come to a place as upscale as Orvin and still not ditch that penniless boyfriend. Ridiculously stupid.
Dorian's gaze drifted to the alley, curious about what Lemira's boyfriend looked like.
To be into someone like Lemira, known for her fiery temper, was his taste off?
He caught a glimpse of Lemira and the tall figure beside her.
Dorian felt a sense of familiarity but couldn't place it immediately.
It seemed improbable!
Suddenly, Evelina covered Dorian's eyes, a hint of jealousy in her voice. "What are you looking at?"
###Chapter 368
Was he spying on Lemira again?
That's off-limits.
Dorian clicked his tongue in annoyance, "Cut it out."
But when he looked up again, Lemira and her crew had vanished.
Must've been his imagination.
Only then did Dorian coax Evelina: "What else would I be looking at? Who could be prettier than my treasure? Just curious what Lemira's boyfriend looks like, that's all." "He's pretty handsome, but broke as a joke, taking her to some dive for their dates."
Evelina was in a good mood, "Then you better take me to Bistrova, I want to snap a few pics for Facebook."
Upon arriving at Bistrova, Dorian was surprised to find out there were no tables available.
"I had a reservation, used my cousin's card," Dorian argued.
"Mr. Draven instructed not to let you use his card anymore."
Dorian's pride took a hit, and he called Thaddeus, "Cuz, why can't I use your card anymore?"
"I told you to stay out of the whole Lemira thing, did you listen? And then spreading rumors in the lawyer circles, who do you think you are?"
Thaddeus gave Dorian a piece of his mind and hung up.
Dorian's expression turned sour.
Evelina approached, "Dorian, what's wrong? Can't we get in?"
She had been looking forward to this, especially after boasting in front of Lemira.
"It's because of you, spreading rumors got back to my cousin. He warned me to stay out of it, or my mom's gonna have my head."
Evelina became cautious, "But it was Susanna who started the rumors."
"My cousin isn't dumb, he must've heard something."
Evelina was curious, "Why is your cousin so protective of Lemira?"
"I've been wondering too, if there's something going on between them. Remember when I got hurt in Lyria? My cousin came personally. Otherwise, I would've made a big deal out of it!" en FindNovel
Evelina paused, recalling the man who had visited Dorian in the hospital.
"That man in the hospital, your cousin?"
"Exactly, why else would I drop the case against Lemira!"
Evelina went pale, "But that man seemed close to the school doctor."
Who would've thought a simple school doctor could be tight with an heir of the Draven family?
Dorian was puzzled, "Probably
friends, ask my cousin. But for et now, I can't afford to mess witel.
Lemia, my cousin won't let itslide." 
Evelina could only manage a forced smile, tears were out of the question.
If that man was Dorian's cousin, had she already made a bad impression?
Would he complain too? W content belongs took
Evelina's heart sank, all thanks to Lemira!
She could've made a good impression in front of the Dravens.
What now?
---
Back in her dorm, Lemira saw a message from Orion: [Ran out of the plaster?]
She checked, indeed she had.
[Where'd you buy it?] she responded.
She couldn't find the brand online.
[It's not available in stores.]
[How much? I'll send you the money.]
Orion squinted at her message, [Talking money? That how we're doing this?]
Lemira teased, [What else is there to talk about?]
His fingers swiftly typing, [Let's talk about feelings.]
###Chapter 369
Lemira stared at the message, zoning out for a moment.
Fresh out of the shower, Janice asked, "Lemira, what's got you daydreaming?"
"What does it mean when a guy says he wants to talk about feelings, not finances?"
Janice's face lit up with intrigue. "Could be one of two things."
"Do tell."
"First, he's into you, trying to drop a hint."
Lemira shook her head. "No way."
"Then, it's the second option: he's looking to hook up without spending a dime. Going Dutch without even splitting the bill."
Lemira couldn't help but laugh at the thought. That was even less likely.
She glanced at her phone and replied with just an ellipsis.
Orion saw her response and muttered to his driving boxing coach, "That plaster I sent last time, have the delivery guy drop off another batch." The coach nodded.
Heading straight to their usual hangout spot, Orion sat down and pinched the bridge of his nose. Thaddeus approached, "Yo, Orion, what's with the arm? Got yourself a pink band-aid fortress there." The others crowded around, "Damn, it really is pink."
One of them reached for the band-aid, only to have Orion smack his hand away, "Don't touch." "Man, you're protective over a peeling band-aid?"
"It must be special. A girl put it on you?"
"Pink band-aids? Must be a young one. She even legal?"
Orion frowned, "Back off, all of you. Don't ask."
Thaddeus cleared the onlookers and sat down, "Lemira's work, huh?"
Orion didn't deny it.
"Why'd you suddenly text me to cut Dorian off from his allowance, banning him from Bistrova?"
"A lesson!"
Orion remembered Evelina flaunting earlier, eager to stand up for Lemira.
After sharing the story, Thaddeus clicked his tongue, "That Evelina's a real piece of work. Don't worry, I've got this. Edith hates that fake innocent type, especially those playing poor." en FindNovel
Orion sipped some red wine, holding back another issue.
"What's up?"
"Nothing."
He thought of Lemira chatting with Matthew, both young and of the same age.
The thought made the wine taste bitter.
---
The next day, Lemira received a generous delivery of plaster.
She snapped a photo for him and transferred some money.
Then, she headed to class.
Janice whispered, "Boyfriend? Or someone interested?"
"Neither, just a friend."
Changing the subject, Lemira mentioned, "There's a gaming
banquet this weekend.
swnovel
Lots of insiders will be there. You in?" 
"Sure, sounds interesting."
"We'll go together."
Lemira also needed to secure some sponsors at the banquet.
Soon, her phone pinged. Hoping for Orion's reply, she checked, but it wasn't him.
Michel messaged, [Don't forget this weekend's dinner.]
[I won't.]
After responding, she glanced at her chat with Orion-no reply.
She noticed the same with Matthew.
Maybe Matthew misunderstood her too.
She messaged Matthew, [I think you got me wrong earlier. I wasn't trying to dig for weaknesses to make you back out. That wasn't my
Swnention.]
After sending it, Lemira felt her explanation was a bit far-fetched.
Orion mentioned Matthew's mom disapproved of gaming.
Could Matthew's dropout last time have been due to family, not what she suspected?
###Chapter 370
Matthew's eyes flickered open to the buzz of his phone, immediately snapping to alertness at the sight of Lemira's message. Pulling himself up, he read her words and let out a sigh of relief. "See, I knew my sister-in-law wouldn't mean any harm," he muttered, his spirits
lifting.
With a grin, he texted back, [Well, that's a weight off my shoulders.]
Seeing his response, Lemira felt a wave of relief wash over her. [Are you coming to the weekend barbecue?] she typed.
There was no question about it; he had to be there. It was his duty to watch over his sister-in-law, especially since his brother couldn't risk making an appearance due to his immigration status. "Now's my chance to shine," he thought, giddy at the prospect of proving his worth and making his brother regret ever joking about him being picked from a dumpster.
"Matthew!! Are you still not up? Your grandma's waiting to have breakfast with you!"
Mrs. Amanda burst into the room, her gaze sweeping over the chaos of her son's bedroom, her temples throbbing with frustration. "Mom, how can you just barge in here? I'm entitled to my privacy, you know."
"What privacy? Get up now!" Mrs. Amanda retorted, eyeing her younger son. "Your brother sent you back here, didn't he? To stop me from digging into that girl he's been shielding."
"Can't you just respect his privacy for once?"
"I'm doing this for his own good."
Matthew, unfazed, nonchalantly picked his nose. "Why do you care so much, stepmom?"
At that, Mrs. Amanda's blood pressure soared. "What did you just call me?"
"He's free to be with whoever he wants to be with. It's his life!" Matthew shot back, dodging as his mother grabbed the nearest and hurled it at him.
Dashing down the villa's hallway in his boxers, Matthew yelled at the top of his lungs, "Grandma, save me! Stepmom's on a warpath!"
Mrs. Amanda gave chase, but
couldn't keep up, panting heavily. "Even if I am the stepmom, I'll ensure he marries well, just to shut those gossips up!" Despite her frustration she couldn't deny her affection for Orion, whom she'd raised from a young boy. "Why can't Matthew be even half as obedient as Orion?" she lamented, regretting her decision to have a second child who seemed born solely to try her patience. 
Escaping to his room, Matthew quickly dressed and texted Lemira, [Parties aren't usually my thing, but if you're going, I'm in.] After all, he prided himself on being a supportive and upright younger brother.
Lemira, reassured by his message,
planned to clear the air when they met. Later, she received a message
from the Maple Group's manager
about a pre-trial mediation at the courthouse that afternoon. [I'm free, I'll head to the courthouse directly,] she replied, knowing her presence was crucial. 
Upon arrival, the Maple Group's manager briefed her. "Do you know who our lawyer is?"
"No, haven't they arrived yet?"
"They're not here yet, but the Langston family's lawyer is, and they're quite renowned. This might be tough for us."
As Lemira pondered their situation,
she heard Asher's voice, "Still haven't found a suitable lawyer? Need me to recommend someone?" She looked up to see Asher approaching with a group, Alaric trailing behind, looking noticeably worn. 
Asher, with a hint of condescension, added, "It's not too late to back down. Since you're my sister, I'll forgive you."
###Chapter 371
Lemira let out a scoff, "Only those who feel guilty need to make such a show of it."
She couldn't care less about the Langstons' so-called forgiveness, especially since she hadn't done anything wrong in the first place.
"Lemira, just come back to the Langston family, take over Lucian's company. Together, we can make our Al project bigger and stronger. It'll take the Langston family to new heights. This is good for you, and for the Langston family. What do you say?" Asher was brimming with confidence, as if he was certain Lemira would cave this time.
The person beside Lemira couldn't help but speak up, "Mr. Langston, you're really playing a clever game here. When you kicked Lemira out, you didn't consider her family then. Now that she's proven herself, suddenly she's family again? Is that how family works in your book?" Asher's expression soured.
He said to Lemira, "Staying with the Langston family is the best option for you. Do you know how ruthless Orvin can be? Small companies like Maple Group, they get crushed every year. Against power, you're as insignificant as ants."
Lemira's expression turned icy. Asher targeting Maple Group because of her had put her in a foul mood.
"If Maple Group goes under, I won't let you off easy," she retorted.
"Really? A little girl like you, what kind of storm do you think you can cause? You can't even afford a lawyer. I thought you'd realize by now how insignificant you are."
"Mr. Asher seems so confident. Have you forgotten the Langston Group's firewall fiasco, scrambling to fix everything? Or does that not count?"
Asher remembered the incident and snorted coldly, "You think you can threaten me with that? Naive! You'll see."
Lemira watched as Asher and his entourage walked away, her emotions turbulent.
Alaric lagged behind, approaching Lemira with a haggard look and a hesitant expression.
Lemira turned away to speak with her team, clearly uninterested in engaging with Alaric.
But Alaric stayed put, making it awkward for everyone to discuss the case.
Lemira turned to him, annoyance clear in her eyes, "What do you want now?" "Lemmy."
"Don't call me that. We're not that close."
Her tone was cold and distant, treating Alaric like a stranger.
Alaric seemed unsteady, "I know Asher pulled some strings to make sure you couldn't find a lawyer. You know how he operates. Can't your just make peace with him once? Coming back to the Langston family, Maple Group wouldn't suffer because of you." 
Hearing Maple Group might suffer because of her did make Lemira feel a bit guilty.
The person in charge spoke up first, "What do you mean 'suffer because of Lemira? Our Al project is a hot commodity, competitors would kil
to see
ee us fail. This has nothing to do with Lemira. Without her, our project wouldn't be where it is today."
SMS
Lemira didn't expect her colleague to defend her like this.
After all these years, she had grown accustomed to being misunderstood.
Alaric's face fell slightly, "Lemira, that's not what I meant. I just think coming back to the Langston family is the best solution."
"That's what you think is best. It's all beneficial for you, not for me!"
"I'm genuinely worried about you."
Lemira snorted, "You're worried about yourself, aren't you? If I really agreed to return to the Langston family, you'd be the one off the hook first, wouldn't you?"
Alaric looked uncomfortable, his
personal agenda partially exposed.
Sure, he had his own reasons, but more than anything, he wished for a reconciliation between the siblings. 
###Chapter 372
Lemira smirked, "Since you're so concerned about me not finding a lawyer, why don't you just admit to the judge that it was all your doing? Then I won't need a lawyer at all." Alaric instantly clammed up.
"What, cat got your tongue? Weren't you all 'big brother knows best' a second ago? Now that it's actually for my benefit, you're not so keen?"
Lemira's words cut deep, landing straight in Alaric's heart.
Taking a deep breath, Alaric said, "Lemira, come on, I'm your brother. Are you really going to throw me under the bus?"
He knew he had messed up before.
He also realized Evelina was no saint.
Why couldn't Lemira just give him a chance to make things right?
Lemira laughed: "Let's get one thing straight. You're taking the fall for Evelina's schemes, pushed into the spotlight by Asher. It's not me trying to lock you away. They are the ones who want you behind bars, to carry their sins." Alaric's face paled, struggling to maintain composure.
Choking up, he said, "I truly want to make it up to you."
Lemira felt a wave of disgust. Why couldn't these people be genuine? Why the facade?
Fuming, she turned to Alaric, "Alright, you want a chance to make amends? Turn yourself in to the judge."
After Lemira's suggestion, she saw Alaric's face freeze, then quickly avoid her gaze.
See? This was his so-called 'making amends'.
Apologies wrapped in insincerity, as nauseating as expired medicine.
Lemira's lips curled in a cold smirk, "What's the matter? Can't do it?"
Alaric stumbled over his words, "It's not that I can't, but if I'm locked up, how can I make it up to you?"
"Your imprisonment will be the biggest amends. After that, I might consider overlooking everything you've done before. How about it?"
Alaric fell silent again.
Just then, Asher turned around and loudly said, "Alaric, what are you dawdling for? Why bother with someone so ungrateful?"
Alaric sent Lemira a guilty glance before following Asher, his steps awkward.
Lemira watched his retreating back with a mocking expression.
The manager approached, his expression complex, "Lemira, how can your family be so deceitful?"
No real apologies.
No sincerity in making amends.
All these supposed gestures of reconciliation came at the expense of Lemira's interests.
What kind of family was this?
Seeing her colleagues' expressions, Lemira "I'm used to it. I know
what they're like. Let's go,
head in too." Content be know a
MS
She had messaged Thaddeus earlier, and he had said the lawyer would arrive soon.
With that in mind, there was nothing to fear.
Lemira and her colleagues et
the courtroom. Asher and Alaric were already seated, with a lawyer organizing a hefty stack of documents beside them. 
Lemira and the manager took their seats, but their lawyer was still absent.
The judge asked Lemira, "When will your lawyer arrive?"
Lemira replied, "Any minute now, they're on their way."
Asher's tone was light, "Don't tell they're too scared to show,
deliberately stalling? Lemira, you nee
know you can't win. Why not settle
now? What do you want?" 
Lemira ignored Asher.
Just then, someone entered, "Sorry for the delay."
Asher saw a middle-aged man with glasses and exclaimed, "Mr. Alfred?" Mr. Alfred was known as a legal shark in the lawyer community. Currently, he was the chief legal counsel for the prestigious Everhart family. Why would he take on Maple Group's case, which was considered small fry?
###Chapter 373
Not just Asher was shell-shocked, Lemira was taken aback too.
She had heard of Mr. Alfred before, a big shot, quite the legend.
Even the Langston family's defense attorney got so excited that he stood up: "Mr. Alfred, I had no idea we'd be up against someone of your caliber, my apologies." "No worries, we're all just doing our jobs here. Please, have a seat."
Mr. Alfred was all smiles, making his way over to Lemira: "Ms. Langston, I've looked over the files on my way here. What's your desired outcome for this case?" The outcome of the lawsuit, huh?
Lemira hadn't expected the lawyer she got to be such a big deal.
Well, this lawsuit was in the bag, then.
Asher couldn't help but speak up: "Lemira, think it through before you decide. Remember what I told you. Lucian's willing to hand over the company to you. Isn't that worth more than any salary the Maple Group could offer?" Lemira shot back: "That's not what you said earlier."
Talk about a quick change of heart.
Asher glanced at Mr. Alfred, wishing things were different. But with this guy on the case, they stood no chance of winning.
Mr. Alfred usually only worked for the Everhart family, not bothering with minor cases.
And to think he showed up for a case not even related to the Everharts? Did Lemira pull some strings?
Impossible!
Lemira saw a flash of panic cross Asher's face and told Mr. Alfred, "I want to win, to make those who erred pay the price."
That was the outcome she wanted.
When Alaric heard this, he stared at Lemira in disbelief.
He couldn't fathom Lemira being this ruthless.
Asher b*** the table: "Lemira, do you think our parents would rest in peace knowing you're sending your own brother to jail? You've forgotten all those times Alaric played with you, looked after you as a kid?" "I haven't forgotten, not any of it."
Besides those memories, there was everything the Langstons had done to her over the years.
Including her tragic end after being abandoned in her past life.
She owed the Langstons nothing.
As Lemira was about to speak, Mr. Alfred interjected: "Mr. Asher, you can't threaten or intimidate my client."
"She's my sister. I'm teaching her."
"Ms. Langston is an adult, not a pet
raised by the Langstons. She
need
dictating her
Profesn't
Mr. Alfred's retort was sharp.
As the lawyers continued, Mr. Alfred dismissed any notion of a pre-trial settlement.
Asher was left speechless, turning to Alaric: "It's not that I don't want to help, but I've done all I can."
With Mr. Alfred on Lemira's side, their lawsuit was doomed.
Alaric just smirked, staying silent.
Lemira scoffed: "Mr. Asher, you could've taken responsibility for him."
Asher's face turned red with anger "Lemira, cut the sarcasm. What goes around comes around. Can you
honestly say you're doing rig
by
our parents?" 
Hearing him mention their parents made her heart ache.
She stood up, calm and collected: "Then you might as well drop dead and ask them."
After all, she had already died once.
After making her point, Lemira gathered her files and left, unwilling to share the same space as any Langston. "Asher, you dare curse me?" he yelled after her, but catching Mr. Alfred's eye, he immediately cooled off.
He turned to Mr. Alfred with a forced politeness. "Mr. Alfred, it's surprising someone of your stature has the time for such a minor case. You know Lemira?" 
How come he didn't know Lemira rubbed shoulders with such high-flyers?
"I'm representing the Maple Group in this case, as a favor."
Mr. Alfred's response only confused Asher more. Who could have pulled Mr. Alfred into this?
Asher wanted to dig deeper, but Mr. Alfred didn't give him the chance, leaving as well.
Asher pounded the table in frustration. Damn it!
Was he really going to watch Alaric get sent to jail, by his own sister no less?
If word got out, wouldn't he become the laughing stock of Orvin's social circles?
###Chapter 374
Gotta figure out who on earth hired Mr. Alfred.
Could it be something to do with the Everhart family?
Outside, Lemira stood by the window, catching a breath of fresh air.
"Don't beat yourself up, Lemira. After all, word has spread through Orvin's legal circles. No one's going to take on your case. That's just reality."
Evelina strolled in fashionably late, Dorian in tow.
They were clearly here for the spectacle.
Lemira turned her head, catching sight of Evelina's overly done-up appearance, her lips twitching in response.
Evelina now wore heavy makeup and a form-fitting dress, a far cry from her previously demure look.
Dorian, wrapping his arm around Evelina's waist, boasted to Lemira, "Told you, Lemira, this is Orvin. You gotta play by our rules here. You can't beat us."
"Yeah, Lemira, you might as well drop the lawsuit. Save yourself the embarrassment of a crushing defeat."
Lemira's face was etched with sarcasm. "Who said I'm dropping the lawsuit?"
"You can't even find a lawyer. Refusing to withdraw will only lead to humiliation!"
Evelina had barely finished speaking when Mr. Alfred approached.
Dorian's eyes lit up at the sight. "Mr. Alfred, what brings you here? Does the Everhart family have some case?"
Mr. Alfred responded politely, "Not really, just here on someone's behalf to handle a case."
Seeing Dorian's respectful demeanor toward the attorney, Evelina whispered, "Who is he?"
"Mr. Alfred is basically the grim reaper of the legal world, now the chief counsel for the Everharts. It's rare to see him taking on cases these days. Meeting Mr. Alfred here is quite uncommon." Evelina's face showed surprise, realizing they were in the presence of such a renowned lawyer, and connected to the Everhart family no less.
Lemira turned and handed her documents to Mr. Alfred. "Here's the information I've compiled. Please have a look."
After all, she hadn't known it would be Mr. Alfred taking the case.
Seems Thaddeus has quite the influence.
Evelina slapped the documents out of Lemira's hands. "Lemira, have you no shame? Hearing he's a renowned attorney and you just shove
your
papers at him. Don't drag our
will you?" 
Langstons' name through me
The documents scattered across the floor.
mud,
Dorian sneered. "Lemira, I get you're desperate for a lawyer, but you really think Mr. Alfred would take your petty case? Don't make us laugh."
Evelina was about to lay into her further when she spotted Asher and his group emerging.
Quickly changing her demeanor, Evelina said, Lemmy, I know you're anxious to win your case, but you
can't just force Mr. Alfred to takonet
your minor lawsuit. He doesn't even
know you. It's quite impov
Lemira's response was a swift slap. "The impolite one is you!"
Thinking you're entitled, huh?
Evelina, unexpectedly slapped, twisted her face in shock, then immediately dove into Dorian's arms, shedding tears.
Dorian instantly became protective. "Lemira, how dare you strike her in public? Do you not realize this is a courthouse?" Asher approached. "What's going on here?"
Evelina, tears in her eyes: "Asher,
don't be too hard on Lemmy. I know
she's desperate to win her case,
pushing her documents on Mr.
Alfred, hoping the top lawyer would take her case. I tried to stop her kindly, but she attacked me 
Evelina, while pleading not to blame Lemira, deliberately exposed her slapped cheek.
Asher, seeing the slap mark, turned to strike Lemira. "Look at what you've done!"
Lemira countered Asher's hand with a punch, causing him to break into a cold sweat from the pain.
Evelina stepped forward. "Lemira, what are you doing... Ah!"
Lemira slapped Evelina again, utterly fed up.
"You're standing on my documents. Get lost if you don't want trouble!"
Evelina's face swelled up instantly, her scream piercing, "Lemira, it was you who shamelessly handed your documents to the top lawyer. You're the shameless one!"
Mr. Alfred adjusted his glasses. "Actually, I'm here as her representing attorney."
###Chapter 375
When Mr. Alfred made his announcement, the room went as silent as a graveyard at midnight.
Evelina was struck dumb, like a hen that had just had its neck wrung, her face turning a shade of red that would make a lobster envious. What?
The renowned lawyer, Mr. Alfred, was actually representing Lemira?
Had she misheard?
Evelina, with a face swollen like she'd gone a few rounds with a professional boxer, turned to Dorian, her eyes full of disbelief: "Didn't you say no one would dare take on the Maple Group's case?" And not just anyone had taken it, but a lawyer as famed as Mr. Alfred!
Dorian was even more stunned: "Mr. Alfred, did I hear that right? Haven't you stopped taking on minor cases a long time ago?"
Mr. Alfred's calm response was an acknowledgement: "I'm representing someone."
This was a confirmation that he was indeed Lemira's attorney.
Evelina couldn't accept it: "Impossible. Lemira doesn't know anyone influential in Orvin, how could she possibly afford Mr. Alfred?"
She turned to Asher: "Asher, say something."
Asher, nursing a bruised arm, glared coldly at Lemira: "Yes, Mr. Alfred is her attorney."
It was hard to deny that Lemira had luck on her side.
Evelina was forced to give up, her face burning with pain and embarrassment. The words she had thrown earlier now came back to haunt her. Lemira fixed her gaze on Evelina: "Pick up my papers!"
Evelina whined, "It wasn't on purpose."
"So, accidents don't need correcting?"
Caught off guard, Evelina turned to Asher: "Asher, I was just looking out for her."
"Lemira, look what you did to Eve. This is a courthouse, do you think you can just walk away from this?"
Asher thought he had something on Lemira, but she had played right into his hands.
Mr. Alfred remained unflustered:
"Mr. Asher, accusations require
proof. My client was defending
herself, and it was Ms. Sterling who instigated the altercation." 
Asher was taken aback, not expecting Mr. Alfred to involve himself in such a matter, and fell silent.
Evelina, frustrated, turned to Dorian with a plea in her eyes: "It hurts so much."
Seeing Evelina's battered face, Dorian's interest waned, but he didn't want to see Lemira triumphant either.
Dorian addressed Mr. Alfred: "Mr. Alfred, that's a separate issue. You're too busy to bother with this." "This is part of my duties."
"My cousin must have offered you quite the incentive to protect Lemira like this. Are they involved!"
Dorian could only think of his cousin Thaddeus, who was close with the Everhart heir. Only someone with the Everharts' backing could have arranged for Mr. Alfred's
involvement. 
en FindNovel
Mr. Alfred paused, revealing that it wasn't Thaddeus who had asked him to take the case, but someone from the Everhart family.
Mr. Alfred's tone turned icy: "Mr. Draven, I'd advise you to be careful with your words, lest you bring trouble upon yourself."
Dorian, recalling his cousin's warning, immediately backed down.
Mr. Alfred addressed Evelina: "Ms. Sterling, you need to pick up those papers, or we will pursue this matter further."
Evelina glanced at Dorian, hoping for his intervention.
"Oh come on, you did deliberately knock those papers from Lemira's hands. Just pick them up."
Evelina stamped her foot in frustration: "Dorian!"
She looked to Asher, but even he said, "Just pick them up, give Mr. Alfred some respect."
After all, this man held sway in Orvin and had the backing of the Everharts, a powerhouse you wouldn't want to cross.
Evelina, feeling utterly deserted,
burst into tears. How could they all
refuse to support her? Bending
down to pick up the papers for Lemira felt more painful than death itself. 
###Chapter 376
Dorian tugged at Evelina's sleeve, "You know, Mr. Alfred's pretty tight with my mom too. Do him a solid, will you?"
Hearing this, Evelina reluctantly bent down to gather the scattered papers.
Lemira glanced at Mr. Alfred, musing about the undeniable allure of power and influence. Good thing Thaddeus found such an amazing lawyer! Evelina, feeling wronged, picked up the papers and tossed them carelessly to Lemira, "Here."
Catching them, Lemira gave Evelina a look that was more mocking than amused.
That look was like a slap to Evelina's face. Was this woman actually laughing at her?
Infuriating!
Lemira grabbed the documents and strutted out.
Evelina stood there, her frustration boiling over into tears, "Asher, Lemira's being utterly unbearable."
Alaric, standing by with a mocking tone, said, "Weren't you the one who started this by knocking the files from Lemira's hands?"
"But, but I was only trying to help her."
"Help Lemira by knocking the files from her hands?"
Unable to respond to Alaric's accusation, Evelina just hung her head in defeat.
Asher intervened, "Alright, Alaric, no need to defend Lemira now. She didn't spare you earlier either."
Alaric managed a bitter smile, "My downfall is all on me. Asher, I just hope when you finally see people for who they truly are, you won't have regrets." With that, Alaric left.
Evelina sneaked a glance at Alaric. Given his current legal troubles and ruined career, he was of no use to her anymore.
She didn't see any point in maintaining a relationship with Alaric, preferring not to chase after someone who clearly didn't want her around.
Evelina, feeling downtrodden, asked, "Dorian, what's the deal with your cousin and Lemira?"
"I asked; he told me to mind my own business."
Just then, Dorian got a call from his mother, scolding him severely.
Hanging up, Dorian said, "My mom wants me back home ASAP. I gotta go."
Evelina, watching Dorian's mama's boy exit, was livid.
Asher, however, was puzzled, "Since when did Lemira get to know someone from the Draven family?"
Evelina remembered meeting Dorian's cousin in Lyria but hadn't made a good impression. She didn't dare tell Asher the truth.
So, Evelina tied, "I'm not sure.
Lemira's been sketchy since high school dating the school doctor while keeping things ambiguous with someone from the Draven family." 
Asher was even more infuriated, "I can't believe her lifestyle is so
unchecked! It drives me crazy thinking she believes mingling with those heirs will turn her life around. As if she could ever marry into the Draven family." 
Evelina's face stiffened at those words. Why couldn't she?
After all, she was Dorian's girlfriend, and he had promised to marry her.
Realizing his mistake, Asher quickly added, "Evelina, I wasn't talking about you."
"I know, Asher."
"After all, Dorian and Thaddeus a
different. Dorian doesn't have to inherit the Draven legacy, so you're in the clear. And I'll figure something outf you." 
Evelina couldn't help but feel a sting of jealousy. Why was she any less than Lemira?
Just then, Asher's assistant approached, "Mr. Langston, we found out who owns the Maple Group." "Is it a Draven?"
"No, but Ms. Lemira's name is on the list of shareholders."
Evelina, green with envy, speculated, "Asher, you don't think Thaddeus is keeping Lemira, do you?"
###Chapter 377
Evelina was convinced that Lemira must be under the wing of Dorian's wealthy cousin.
Asher's expression was unreadable. "Are you sure?"
"Think about it, Asher. The signs were there ever since we were in Lyria. And now that Lemira has moved to Orvin, landing a job at this company and somehow becoming a shareholder out of the blue? Something's fishy." Asher knew all too well that these kinds of maneuvers were common in their circles.
Starting a small business to gift to a lover was chump change for them.
But Asher hadn't expected Lemira to get involved with the Draven heir. She was playing in the big leagues now!
Seeing Asher buy into her story, Evelina couldn't hide her smugness. "Asher, we need to come up with a plan. If Lemira has that kind of support, we'll always be looked down upon!"
"She dares, and I'll make sure to have a word with that Draven boy myself, discuss Lemira's situation."
After all, he was Lemira's actual brother. It wouldn't sit right if he didn't at least try to intervene, not with his sister being kept by someone else.
He couldn't let Lemira continue making mistakes.
---
Stepping outside, Lemira finally allowed herself a moment of relief.
The manager couldn't help but vent, "Lemira, your brother Asher is out of line. How did he mock and suppress you before Mr. Alfred intervened? And now he's flipped the script, morally blackmailing you as if you were the one forcing them to steal our trade secrets!" It was infuriating.
Lemira looked up at Mr. Alfred, "Thank you for everything, and for your hard work."
Mr. Alfred, seeing Lemira's polite demeanor and recalling the Langstons' attitude, realized just how biased the Langstons were. But with the support of someone from the Everhart family, Lemira was untouchable, even by ten Langston families.
"It's no trouble, just part of the job."
It must have been Lemira involved in that car accident with Orion, the one he had cleaned up and sworn to secrecy about.
Today, he finally met the girl the Everhart family was so protective over.
After exchanging contact information, he left.
Lemira thought about Dorian's mention of his cousin. She should ask about it, but it didn't seem right to ask Mr. Alfred.
Maybe she'd be better off asking Thaddeus directly.
Interestingly, Thaddeus also bore the Draven surname.
Returning to the office with her
velet
colleagues, Lemira checked on the progress of their artificial
intelligence project, ensuringo everything was on track. 
With Mr. Alfred handling the company's case, everyone felt secure, boosting work efficiency.
Lemira sat in front of her computer, engrossed in coding and testing project data. When Orion arrived, he found her deep in work, glasses on, typing away diligently.
Thaddeus whispered from the side, "Asher has reached out through a mediator, wanting to discuss
Lemira. Seems like Mr. Alfred's visit today raised some eyebrows" 
en FindNovel
Orion glanced away, "Go see what he wants to talk about."
AGUMS
"Alright, I'll go and feel Asher out, see if he's heard anything from Dorian. I'm off then."
As Thaddeus left, Orion remained,
the main shareholder of the
company, and essentially the ,
it, making him the first targeace of
Asher. 
for
Orion returned to his work, reviewing the artificial intelligence project for any issues.
As the day turned to night and the office emptied, Lemira, finishing her tests, noticed the light in the boss's office was still on. Could it be Thaddeus?
Knocking on the door, she heard a familiar, cool voice, "Come in."
It was Orion.
Entering, Lemira saw Orion at his computer, sleeves rolled up, revealing his forearms, focused on his work.
###Chapter 378
She looked up in surprise, "Why is it you?"
"Why can't it be me? Disappointed to see me?"
Orion leaned back in his chair, his gaze fixed on her.
Lemira leaned against the doorframe, "I thought Thaddeus would be here, not you. Looks like you're quite the dedicated consultant." "Come here, did you find any issues?"
Lemira walked over, standing in front of the desk, "I did find a small glitch. We'll need to have a meeting to sort it out."
Orion tapped on the desk, "Come take a look. Is it the same issue you found?"
He's testing too?
Lemira circled the desk to stand beside him.
Orion stood up, offering his seat to Lemira, then poured a glass of water and set it beside her.
Lemira scrolled the mouse, eyeing the error he pointed out, "I thought there was something off. You noticed it too." Admittedly, Orion had a bit of an edge over her.
He leaned in to look at the computer, "Actually, it's quite obvious."
Resting one hand on the edge of the desk, he calmly explained the issue, showing patience.
At first, Lemira listened intently, but then she turned her head, noticing their proximity.
He was leaning over, almost as if he was encircling her in his arms.
Suddenly, Lemira couldn't concentrate. She grabbed the glass of water and took a few sips, quenching her thirst. Orion then paused, glancing at the glass in her hand, "Thirsty?"
Lemira nodded.
He smiled, "That's my glass."
His glass?
Lemira felt her face heat up, quickly setting the glass down, "I'll get you another one."
"No need, let's go grab some dinner."
Orion straightened up, widening the distance between them, as if the moment of closeness had never happened.
Lemira rose from her seat, "It's getting late. I should head back to the dorm before it's too late."
The dorm had a curfew.
Orion glanced at the time; indeed, t was late. He remembered Orvin University dorms closed at 11 PM.
"I'll drive you."
Lemira joined Orion in leaving the office, sitting in the passenger seat.
The car
was quiet, making
I uneasy. Sheet
conversation, "Thaddeus
come in today?" 
"Did you need him for something?"
"He brought in that lawyer for the lawsuit, you know? Mr. Alfred, the famous one!"
Orion responded evenly, "Yeah, I know."
"What's the deal between Thaddeus and Dorian?"
Lemira knew Thaddeus was wealthy, but she didn't realize his connection to the Draven family. Orion's car stopped at a red light, "Why do you ask?"
"Dorian
to court with Evelina
odoned something
odd, implying Mr. Alfred took the case because of his cousin's influence." 
Lemira didn't mention Dorian's insinuation about her having an affair.
Orion knew he couldn't hide it any longer.
After a moment, he said, "He is Dorian's cousin."
Lemira was stunned, "Thaddeus is an heir to the Draven family?"
She hadn't realized Thaddeus' background was so significant.
She looked seriously at the man driving beside her, "I had no idea your buddy was so loaded."
Orion felt slightly guilty, "It's okay, I guess."
"Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"It wasn't necessary."
Lemira thought it over; maybe there was no need, perhaps Thaddeus didn't want his identity revealed.
Soon, the car stopped outside the school.
After getting out, Lemira waved at him, "Drive safe."
"Lemira, ditching your sugar daddy. to date this broke guy? Playing both sides, aren't you scared Mr.
will find out and dump you?
belongs to en.kikistorie aven
Evelina, reeking of alcohol and perfume from a night at the bar, approached them. Orion's expression turned cold instantly.
###Chapter 379
Lemira wrinkled her nose in disgust, turning back to Orion. "You better head off first."
"Lemira, pushing me away so quickly, feeling guilty, aren't you? Afraid your broke boyfriend will find out he's not the only one spoiling you?"
Lemira turned back, facing Evelina's drunken slurs. "All this talk about being kept, seems like you know a lot about it."
"Lemira, cut the crap, you're just feeling guilty."
Evelina, looking over at Orion in the car, sneered, "You don't need to look so sour, Orion. Lemira's just cheating on you, kept by Mr. Draven no less, even got shares in the Maple Group."
Orion's eyes narrowed slightly.
Those shares were his gift to Lemira.
Evelina boasted, "For a school doctor as broke as you, you'll never make that kind of money in your lifetime. Guess you're the first one living off someone else here. But hey, you're pretty handsome. If you were with me, I could give you way more." She just couldn't stand Lemira playing both sides, especially with men so blindly devoted to her.
Dorian, that mommy's boy, ran home at his mom's call, not even daring to pick up her calls.
Evelina burped, her satisfaction evident. She wasn't having a good time, and she wasn't about to let Lemira have one either.
She intended to take everything from Lemira, including her man.
"So, what do you say, Orion? It's a better deal with me!"
What could Lemira offer this man? She was the most beloved daughter of the Langston family.
"Evelina, have you lost your mind?"
Lemira yanked Evelina away, delivering a sharp slap across her face. "Didn't get enough during the day, did you?"
Evelina landed on the ground with a thud, her head buzzing.
Lemira pulled out her phone to record Evelina. "If you're so drunk you're desperate for a man, go to a hotel, don't come here making a scene!" Evelina wanted to retort, but the sight of Lemira filming made her scramble up. "Delete that video."
"Back off, or believe me, I'll post this.
on the college forum. Let all your e
followers see you drunk and desperate. Think your 'innocent coed' title will stick?" 
Evelina, sobered up by fear, slunk away.
Lemira put away her phone, turning to Orion. "She's just drunk ranting. I'm heading back to the dorm before curfew."
Orion nodded, watching her enter the school.
Thinking over Evelina's words, he called Thaddeus, his voice cold. "What did Asher say?"
"I was about to tell you, they've got the wrong idea about me and Lemon Saying I'm keeping her, and Asher even wanted to negotiate. As if he's in any position to threaten me" 
Orion's expression darkened. "Leak the Langston brothers' corporate espionage. The worse the fallout, the better." "Got it, Lemon deserves better."
Thaddeus paused. “As a friend, just
a heads-up. Sooner or later, your real identity will come out. Have you thought about how to explainit to Lemon?" 
Sooner or later, Lemira would run into someone who knew Orion.
It was just a matter of time.
Orion swallowed. "I know."
Yet, he had no idea how to start that conversation.
He feared that once Lemira knew his true identity, they might not even remain friends.
What he had now, felt like stolen moments.
"Just think it over, you can't hide forever."
After hanging up, Orion rolled down his window, lighting a cigarette, his thoughts tangled as he gazed at the night sky.
His phone beeped, snapping him back. Lemira had texted: [Got home yet?]
Extinguishing the cigarette, he replied, [Almost there.]
A smile crept on his face, one he didn't even notice forming.
###Chapter 380
Lemira had already sprawled out on her dorm bed, snapping a selfie with a patch plastered on her arm and sending it with a message: [You left me all b*** up. Had to slap on a bunch of these patches.] Otherwise, she joked, she might wake up with someone else's limbs.
Orion's car idled at a stoplight when he instinctively reached for his phone, his expression darkening as he read her message.
Resting an arm on the open window, he typed back, [Wasn't me.]
Lemira responded with a string of ellipses.
Orion glanced at her reply, tossed his phone aside, and drove home in a better mood, the brief exchange already fading from his mind.
Lemira, still mulling over his response, couldn't help but send a "beating a dead horse" emoji.
She was clear in her accusation, after all.
---
The next day, Lemira was jolted awake by her phone's incessant ringing.
She had planned on sleeping in, given her morning off.
Annoyed, she answered, "What?"
"Lemira, I can't believe you'd go this far to see me dead. I took the fall for everything, yet why'd you have to drag it all into the spotlight, hellbent on ruining me completely?" Alaric's voice was filled with indignation and despair. Sitting up, Lemira yawned, "Are you out of your mind? When did I ever expose anything to the media?"
"Just check the news. Who else but you would do this?"
Upon seeing the news, Alaric knew his career was in tatters.
Sponsors were bombarding him with calls, demanding contract terminations.
His team manager mentioned that many players were considering leaving.
Outraged, Alaric confronted her, "Lemira, I admit my past mistakes. I'm even willing to face jail time, but why must you go to these lengths?"
Lemira checked her phone and indeed, there was the news item Alaric mentioned.
**The Langston Group Accused of Corporate Espionage, Gaming Mogul Caught Red-handed.**
The piece detailed how Alaric
allegedly pilfered corporate secrets for Asher's company, without specifying the secrets or mentioning her by name. 
Yet with the scandal now public, Asher's company's stock had plummeted.
After reading, Lemira replied coolly, "Believe it or not, I didn't do this." "Then who else would have?"
"If that's what you want to believe, t then fine. But the report's not it's all
lying;
true." et

Lemira didn't care to explain further. Let the misunderstanding stand.
After all, it wasn't the first time the Langstons got her wrong.
"Lemira, after all these years, I owe you nothing. We're square!" Alaric hung up.
Lemira smirked at her phone but was puzzled. Who was behind this?
She forwarded the news to Thaddeus: "Did you orchestrate this?"
Thaddeus was the only person who came to mind.
"How did you know?"
Thaddeus sounded slightly embarrassed. Had Lemira caught onto something? "Who else has the guts? But this will surely bring Dorian's wrath down on you." Evelina would definitely seek out Dorian.
"Dorian? Don't sweat it," Thaddeus paused. "You know who I am?"
"Yeah, Orion filled me in."
Thaddeus: ""
What was this? Orion throwing his friend under the bus for secrecy's sake. Great!
"Lemon, who I am doesn't matter.
We're friends. If Dorian ever gives
you trouble, just let me knowet
Lemira chuckled. Dorian couldn't trouble her even
swnovelet
he tried.
Then, out of the blue, she asked, "So, how did you and Orion meet? What did he use to do?"
###Chapter 381
It always felt like Orion was shrouded in mystery.
After Lemira asked, silence fell on the other end of the line.
Tentatively, she spoke up, "Is it something you can't talk about?"
Was Orion's identity really supposed to be a secret?
"Look, it's not like that. You should probably ask him directly. I've got a meeting to catch, gotta run."
After hanging up, Thaddeus was hit by a wave of relief mixed with fear.
Lemira wasn't easy to fool.
He immediately called Orion, feeling the need to give him a heads-up to avoid any slip-ups.
That's as far as brotherly duty goes.
He had already taken the fall for supporting a college girl financially; there wasn't much more he could do. Lemira pondered Thaddeus' words. Orion's past job must have been shady?
All so secretive.
She glanced at the top news stories on her phone. The buzz had died down, probably suppressed.
Given it had started affecting stock prices, Asher must be having a tough time.
Putting down her phone, Lemira's mood lifted.
But the disturbance meant she couldn't sleep now. She turned on her laptop to sort out issues identified in the artificial intelligence test. They needed prompt attention.
A message about the dark web popped up on Lemira's phone.
Logging in, she received a private message from an admin: [Someone wants to buy the firewall system you wrote a while back. They're offering $20,000 for you to rewrite a system for their company to fend off hackers.]
This task seemed straightforward.
Lemira replied, [I can do it for $50,000.]
After a brief pause, the response came, [The client agrees, but you need to personally visit their company to set it up and prove it can withstand a hacker attack before the final payment. They also offer an annual maintenance fee of $10,000 to handle any sudden issues.] Seems like this company was a frequent target for hackers.
[Fine. What's the company's name?]
[The client requests confidentiality. You'll be informed when it's time for you to visit for setup.]
Such secrecy.
Well, no one liked to disclose too much on the dark web.
As long as she got paid, it was fine by her.
Taking on the job was a no-brainer for Lemira-who would say no to more money?
Continuing with the Al project code, she grabbed lunch before heading straight to Maple Group.
Upon arrival, she noticed several bodyguards standing outside the company floor. Who could be visiting?
As Lemira entered, the manager quickly approached her, "Lemira, the Langstons have arrived, looks like your two brothers, and they seem quite furious." 
Her brothers?
Just as she was about to head to her office, Asher emerged, "Lemira, though
you could hide? Did you
really think I couldn't find you with
someone protecting you?"t
Inside the office, Lucian was present too.
But Thaddeus was nowhere to be seen.
Frowning, Lemira walked into the office, confronting them, "What are you here for?"
To think they'd come directly to her workplace!
But now Asher must have realized this company belonged to Thaddeus.
She wasn't worried about Asher causing any trouble that could threaten the company.
Fuming, Asher blurted, "I'm here to settle scores with Thaddeus. Don't think I'm unaware that the media exposure is linked to you."
It dawned on Asher that just last night, he had a run-in with Thaddeus, who had mocked him extensively.
Today, the media had exploded with
the scandal involving Evelina ande using a significant
in
the company's stock value.
belongs to en.kikistotent
Given the unclear relationship between Lemira and Thaddeus, it had to be connected to Lemira.
With a cold smile, Lemira retorted, "Got any proof?"
###Chapter 382
"Do I need proof for this?"
Lemira's tone dripped with sarcasm. "Isn't that your favorite line? Always harping on about evidence when it's something to do with me?"
No evidence, so it's her fault, not Evelina's.
No evidence, so she's slandering Evelina.
And now they're talking about evidence?
Asher's face turned red with anger at Lemira's smirk. Pointing a finger at her, he barked, "Don't give me that crap. Aside from spreading rumors, there's also the fact that my company's firewall has been under constant cyber attacks, leaving our system paralyzed now and then. Was it you?"
Hacked?
Lemira let out a laugh. "Seems like you've got plenty of enemies waiting to kick you when you're down."
"Who else but you could pull off something like this?"
Asher was fuming, his hand involuntarily balling into a fist, but the stern look in Lemira's dark eyes made him think twice, and he lowered his hand.
He subconsciously touched his arm where Lemira had hit him the day before. It was still bruised.
Lemira watched as Asher lowered his fist, a cold look in her eyes. Violence seemed to be an effective deterrent against him.
At least now he knew better than to try anything physical with her, aware he couldn't win.
Lucian coughed and stood up. "Lemmy, Asher's just a bit too anxious, don't take his words to heart."
Lemira was impatient. "You're not welcome here, just leave!"
"Lemira, I'm not leaving until you explain yourself. You hacked into my company's system. I need to know if any confidential information was leaked. You owe me an explanation!" "An explanation, you say?"
Lemira opened Thaddeus' laptop with a straight face, her slender fingers dancing across the keyboard.
Code streamed across the laptop screen, and in no time, she had breached the Langston Group's system. Lucian watched in surprise. He hadn't realized Lemira was this skilled.
To think she could hack into Asher's company system on the fly-a system that cost a fortune to secure
and was supposedly o
most hackers. 
Lucian's gaze on Lemira became complex. He had underestimated her.
Despite being the Langston family's brightest star, she had always been overshadowed and suppressed by her brothers.
Asher scoffed. "Lemira, you better fix my company's system right now."
The next second, Asher's secretary piped up in panic. "Boss, the office just called. Our entire system has crashed, and we've lost control
over
the secure zones." 
"What?"
Only then did Asher face Lemira. "Stop, what have you done?"
He had thought Lemira was fixing the system, but that clearly wasn't the case!
Lemira paused, her voice cold. "You wanted an explanation, didn't you?"
"This is your explanation?"
"If I were hacking your company, it wouldn't be this minor. If it were me, the damage would look exactly like this. Understand?"
Lemira's expression was blank, her gaze tranquil, sending a shiver down Asher's spine.
Asher, veins throbbing at his temples, stuttered in rage. "You dare!"
"You didn't believe me. The only way to prove it wasn't me hacking into your system was to show you."
Lemira's tone was light, almost airy.
Asher turned to his secretary, yelling, "What are you looking at me
the tech team on it! Do
can fix it?" 
Get
Idiots!
Lemira sat back, watching Asher fume and fuss, trying to find a solution that wasn't coming easily.
Soon, Asher approached Lemira, hands braced on the table, his eyes bloodshot.
He said, "Lemira, fix the system. You've dug this hole!"
Lemira looked up, her voice soft but firm. "Then ask me nicely."
###Chapter 383
Lemira couldn't help but feel a surge of satisfaction as she watched Asher fuming in front of her. There was something oddly gratifying about seeing him lose his cool. Upon hearing her words, Asher exploded, "Lemira, you dare make me beg you?!"
"Why
not?"
"I'm your brother, Asher!"
His eyes were bloodshot, his chest heaving with each breath, a mix of shock and disappointment directed at Lemira. She had actually made him beg.
Lucian stepped in, trying to calm the storm, "Asher, take a breather, man!"
"I can't just 'take a breather'! Do you have any idea what it took to build The Langston Group?"
Asher was livid, pointing a finger at Lucian, "All these years, I hustled alone, enduring so much, making money to support all of you. And this is how you repay me?"
Lucian hesitated, then said, "Asher, if you want Lemmy's help, maybe try asking nicely, instead of treating her like an enemy."
"Be nice? After what she did?"
Asher was furious, turning to Lemira, "I poured my heart and soul into that company. You once lived a life of luxury because of it!"
Lemira scoffed, "You're really putting a big hat on me, Mr. Asher. Maybe you should just sell hats. Who knows? You might strike it rich."
Lucian, ever the peacemaker, interjected, "Lemmy, can you just... not?"
"Why should I?"
Lemira stood her ground, "You guys stormed into the company with accusations, claiming I embezzled from The Langston Group. You didn't trust me. Now, after I've proven myself, you're trying to pin this on me?" Lucian, attempting diplomacy, replied, "It's our fault for not trusting you. I'm sorry, okay?"
"And what's your apology worth? Is saying 'sorry' supposed to be some big achievement?"
Lemira's tone was ice cold.
Asher, unable to stand it any longer, pointed at Lemira, "Lucian already apologized. What more do you want?"
"If apologies are so powerful, then I apologize for my earlier actions," Lemira's tips curled in a cold smirk "But I'm under no obligation to fix the system. After all, I've already said sorry. What more could you possibly want?" 
Moral blackmail was something she had mastered long ago.
Asher was so angry he could feel his temples throbbing, yet he couldn't find the words to argue back, his frustration boiling inside. Lucian gave a bitter smile, "Lemmy, did I mess up again?"
Why could he never get it right? Why did he always end up making Lemira angry? He just wanted to mend their sibling relationship. Lemira glared at Lucian coldly, "You did nothing wrong. Just keep doing what you're doing. No one's forcing you to change." "But that's not fair to you."
Wasn't it their favoritism and neglect that drove Lemira to leave in the first place?
Lemira replied coldly, "I've already cut ties with the Langston family. You don't need to pretend to change for me."
Asher's secretary interjected
anxiously "Boss, the data leak has
started We need to act fast to
prevent it, or our secrets will be
exposed, and we'll be ruined 
Asher realized the gravity of the situation.
He couldn't afford to waste time.
His voice hoarse with anger, he turned to Lemira, "What will it take for you to fix the system?" Lemira lifted her eyelids slightly, "I've already said what I had to say. I don't repeat myself." The thought of begging her was unbearable for Asher.
Lucian looked at Lemira, "Lemmy,
please. This company is Asher's et
life's work, and it was our parents' legacy. Can you really stand by and watch it fail?" 
Lemira's expression remained unyielding, "Wasn't our parents' company declared bankrupt and liquidated?"
After their parents passed, everyone around them changed, and the company eventually went under.
"True, it was liquidated. But there was a branch in Orvin, and Asher built everything from there."
###Chapter 384
Lucian's eyes were pleading as he said, "Come on, do it for mom and dad, will ya? It's the only thing they left us."
Lemira looked down, her heart softening at the mention of their parents.
She looked up at Asher. "I can help fix it, but you owe me an apology. You were wrong to accuse me."
Asher was still fuming. Apologize? No way!
Lucian went over to calm Asher down, whispering, "Man, now's not the time to be stubborn. Lemmy's our sister. It's no big deal to swallow your pride for family. Remember when you used to give her piggyback rides as a kid?" Asher was taken back to those memories.
Back then, he adored his little sister, Lemira, and wanted to give her the world.
So, when he made his first big earnings, he bought an antique crown just because Lemira said she liked it.
But when did everything change?
After a moment, Asher gruffly said, "I was wrong earlier. I accused you without knowing the full story. That was my mistake."
Lemira couldn't help but remark, "Wow, an apology from you? That's rare!"
In their family, Asher was the de facto head.
Always restrained and patient in public, but at home, he was short-tempered with his family.
He was kind to strangers but saved his worst for those closest to him.
Lemira had never seen Asher lower his head to anyone in the family before.
Lucian quickly added, "See, Lemmy, Asher admitted his mistake. Can you please help out? It's about our parents' company."
"I know. You don't have to remind me."
Lemira sat back down at her computer, her fingers flying over the keyboard.
Soon, the Langston Group's website was back up and running.
Asher asked, "How much data was leaked?"
"A lot, but the critical stuff is still secure," Lemira replied before logging off.
Asher was anxious. "Why are you stopping? There's more to fix."
"That's not my problem. I didn't cause it," temira retorted, pulling out a flash drive. "Here are the IP addresses of the attackers. You can follow these to find out who did it."
en FindNovel
Handing the flash drive over, Asher tried to grab it, but Lemira pulled it back.
"What's this about?" Asher's eyebrow twitched.
"This flash drive? It comes with a price," Lemira said, her lips curving into a cold smirk. She wasn't about to lose out on this deal.
Asher clenched his teeth. "You're talking money with me? After everything I've spent on you since you were born!"
"Mr. Asher, don't forget, my education was covered by the trust fund mom and dad set up. And I've already paid back Lucian for everything else," Lemira retorted. Lucian offered a weak smile. "Asher, she's right. She paid me back."
"Hmph, as if she could've paid back more than she spent!" Asher scoffed.
"When mom and dad were around, I spent their money. Since they passed, and you brought Evelina into the Langston household, I hardly spenta dime of family money.?t was all spent on Evelina," Lemira stated, her memories sharp. 
Ever since Evelina arrived, Lemira's nightmare began.
She had been living worse than a maid over the years.
Asher protested loudly, "That can't be right. I've given you more pocket money than Evelina ever got. You're my sister; I wouldn't shortchange you."
"Then maybe you should ask Mr.
Lucian," Lemira said, her tone laced with sarcasm. Lucian, feeling guilty, couldn't meet his gaze: "Asher, Lemmy's telling the truth." 
"Why would you do that?" Asher demanded.
"To keep things fair, so I treated them the same. You said Lemmy was always against Evelina, so I took Lemmy's allowance and gave it to Evelina as compensation." Lucian's regret grew with each word.
Asher felt as if he'd been struck, his expression one of stunned disbelief.
###Chapter 385
Lemira watched the scene unfold with an icy demeanor.
She spoke up, "Did you catch that, Mr. Asher? I don't owe you anything. Those trinkets and what have you - I've given practically all of them to Evelina. I didn't keep a single one." "But I bought you that vintage golden tiara! It was from my first big payday after starting my business, bought especially for you."
"Right, but did you forget? I compensated Evelina with it, as a peace offering."
Asher was momentarily stuck, as if realizing there was indeed such an incident.
He opened his mouth, wanting to counter Lemira's statement.
But upon reflecting on the years gone by, aside from that golden tiara, he couldn't recall buying Lemira any other significant gifts. For a moment, Asher was at a loss for words.
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm, "So, Mr. Asher, have you decided what price you're willing to pay?"
Asher was no longer able to morally bind Lemira.
He said stiffly, "How much do you want?"
"It depends on what you think it's worth. These are mostly your competitors or past enemies. With this data, you could gain a lot more." After Lemira finished, she looked at Asher.
Finally, Asher spoke, "One hundred thousand."
"Two hundred thousand."
"Lemira, don't be ridiculous! Is this stuff even worth two hundred thousand?"
Lemira lightly retorted, "Then forget about it."
With that, she casually tossed the USB drive into the trash can, as those files were of no use to her anyway.
Seeing Lemira discard the USB drive like trash, Asher was infuriated.
Was she really dismissing one hundred thousand dollars just like that? Begrudgingly, Asher conceded, "Fine, two hundred thousand it is." "Transfer the funds now, money for goods."
Lemira was straightforward about it. After all, the data was useless to her; if it could serve to irritate Asherand
bring in some cash, it was
Asher, however, was far from pleased.
win-win.
Reluctantly, he glanced at his secretary, "Have finance transfer the funds to her!"
The secretary tentatively suggested, "Boss, maybe we should ask Ms. Lemira to help fix our system. After all, we've had no luck with anyone else." "Did I ask for your opinion?"
Asher's pride was hurt; he didn't want to ask Lemira for help.
Lucian chimed in, "Asher, you've always been wary of outsiders, concerned they'd steal company data. Why not entrust Lemmy with the task? At least she's family." 
en FindNovel
"Cut it out, who's family with you guys? Don't count on me; I'm not taking the fall for anything!"
Lemira flatly refused, leaving no room for negotiation.
Asher turned to Lucian, "You heard her, she's not interested. Stop embarrassing yourself."
Lucian gave a wistful smile towards Lemira, his eyes filled with hope.
Lemira remained unyielding, "I won't agree."
Lucian persisted, "We could match the external rate for your services, name your price."
Lemira was somewhat exasperated, "Mr. Lucian, are you hard of hearing? Didn't you catch what I just said?"
Lucian was about to continue when Hogan intervened, "Boss, if Ms. Lemira doesn't want to, let's not push her."
Lucian glanced at Hogan, his intention was to keep Lemira close to the Langston family, to maintain some semblance of connection.
Hogan sighed, "Boss, we can always
pay for the right person. Didn't the big boss mention hiring an expert from the dark web? They should be able to fix it." 
###Chapter 386
Asher snorted, "Exactly, I've already found someone. We'll have the company's system issues resolved in no time. There's no shortage of talent in this world. As long as I'm willing to pay, there's nothing that can't be fixed." When Lemira heard the words "underground market," a premature guess flashed through her mind.
Could it really be such a coincidence?
She probably was overthinking it. After all, the underground market was vast; it couldn't possibly be that she just happened to take a private job for the Langston Group.
Glancing at her phone, Lemira noticed a notification for a transfer of $20,000.
Leaning back, she pushed the trash can towards him: "Take it."
She wasn't about to pick it up herself. Want it or not, that was up to him.
Asher's tone turned colder: "Lemira, you want me to dig through the trash?"
"What else? I'm not picking it up. Whoever needs it should do the digging."
"What kind of attitude is that? I've spent $20,000!"
Lemira's gaze turned icy: "Then you might as well not want it. I can refund you the money!"
Asher was on the verge of exploding.
He hadn't expected Lemira to be so indifferent!
At that moment, Lucian walked over, bending down to retrieve the USB from the trash can.
Hogan, feeling uncomfortable, tried to intervene: "Boss, let me do it."
"It's alright, it's not dirty."
Lucian picked up the USB, wiped it with a tissue, and looked at Lemira, knowing she still had the Langston family's interests at heart. Otherwise, she wouldn't have left behind this data.
Even though it cost $20,000, it was only fair.
Lucian spoke indifferently: "Lemmy, I heard you're quite close to Thaddeus, but do you even know who he is?"
Lemira didn't appreciate the way Lucian looked at her.
She frowned: "I just found out, but that's between him and me, none of your business."
Asher couldn't help but intervene: "Lemira, you're a Langston, raised with a silver spoon in your mouth, and now you're someone's mistress? How can you face our parents in heaven?" 
In an instant, Lemira's face turned cold.
She stared at Asher: "Say that again?"
"Asher, can you not?" Lucian, flustered, his pale face flushed as if he might faint at any moment, tried to calm the situation.
Seeing him like this, Asher backed down.
Turning around, Lucian couldn't help but cough.
Hogan, concerned, handed him some medicine: "Take some, will you?"
"No need, I won't die."
Lucian, suppressing his discomfort, looked up at Lemira, hoping to see concern in her expression.
Unfortunately, Lemira's face was expressionless, revealing nothing.
Lucian couldn't hide his
disappointment: "Lemmy, we only came to ask because we heard about your relationship with someone from the Draven family: We're worried you might be at a disadvantage. The Draven family isn't just any wealthy household." 
Even for the Langstons, reaching the Dravens' level was a stretch.
Lemira scoffed: "Worried I'll be a mistress and disgrace the Langston name?"
Asher coldly replied: "Glad you understand!"
"But I've severed ties with the Langston family long ago. I don't need to report my actions to you!"
"Lemira, have some shame! As a girl,
you think behaving like this is
something to be proud of? J some petty shares in a smalb company?" 
Suddenly, the door was kicked open.
for
Orion walked in with a stern face, glaring at Asher: "Say that again, I dare you."
Asher studied Orion's features, his face turning pale instantly.
Could he possibly be?
###Chapter 387
Orion stormed in with a face as grim as a thunderstorm, making a beeline for Lemira.
The sudden entrance startled Lemira, her eyes wide as saucers. Noticing the dark cloud hanging over Orion's face, she reached for his hand, trying to reassure him, "I'm fine." "Don't get into a brawl here," she whispered urgently. "We'd be handing them the perfect ammunition."
She knew Asher could play dirty if pushed.
But she couldn't let Orion fall victim to their schemes.
Seeing Lemira's calm demeanor seemed to soothe Orion's fury somewhat.
His gaze then shifted to Asher, pondering if he had been too lenient with the Langstons, allowing them to walk all over Lemira for too long.
Asher, meeting Orion's intense gaze, felt a tinge of complexity in his emotions. "He reminds me of someone from the Everharts".
""Who are you?"
"Who he is is none of your concern right now," Thaddeus made his entrance, exuding a prideful air, a stark contrast to his usual approachable demeanor.
Asher's face lost color at the sight of Thadessus. "Mr. Draven," he acknowledged, remembering the few times he had crossed paths with the magnate at elite gatherings. Lucian, standing by Asher, expressed his surprise, "Asher, are you saying he's the Mr. Draven from the Draven dynasty?"
"Yes, that's him."
Lucian's expression shifted
dramatically. He had encountered Mr. Draven several times in Lyria, always in contexts involving Lemira, unaware then of Mr. Draven's
significance. 
en FindNovel
It dawned on him that the man Lemira had been associated with wasn't some school doctor, but Mr. Draven himself.
Asher, picking up on Lucian's surprise, asked, "You know him?"
Thaddeus broke the silence, "Oh, Mr. Lucian Langston and I have met a few times, though our encounters were far from pleasant." Asher frowned, unaware of these interactions.
Lucian quickly clarified, "I didn't know Mr. Draven's status back then. Any offense was unintentional. I just wanted to protect my sister." "Protect? With your family's version of protection, Lemmy wouldn't see another day," Thaddeus remarked sarcastically.
Asher bristled at the comment, but
Thaddeus status made direct confrontation risky. Offending.
Thaddeus could jeopardize the
Langston Group's standing in Orvin.
Lucian turned to Thaddeus, admitting their past faults, "Lemmy is our only sister. She's been pampered with wealth since birth, not someone to be trifled with." Orion interjected coldly, "Isn't your only sister named Evelina?"
Thaddeus continued, "Exactly,
wasn't it always the other 'sister' you
favored? Your actions towards
Lemmy speak louder than words. How dare you claim to protect her now?" 
wn
Lucian felt as if each word was a dagger to his conscience. He had tried to calm his turmoil, to forget and make amends to Lemira for past wrongs. Seeing Lucian falter, Asher supported him, reproaching, "I told you not to come."
"How could I not?" Lucian protested. "Mr. Draven, please, if you'll spare Lemmy, name your price."
###Chapter 388
Lucian fixed his gaze on Thaddeus, his determination clear. No one would disrespect his sister on his watch.
Lemira could never be anyone's mistress!
Thaddeus let out a mocking laugh, "Alright then, how about you exchange Lemira for the entire Langston family fortune?"
Lucian nodded without hesitation, "Okay."
Asher's voice was harsh, "I haven't agreed to anything. After all, Lemira made her own bed, and that has nothing to do with the Langston family."
Lucian stepped forward, confronting Thaddeus, "I'm willing to give up my entire personal fortune!"
"And how much is that? Not enough!" Thaddeus sneered, "Seems like your sincerity isn't all that!"
He turned to Lemira with a smirk, "I was just testing their so-called sincerity."
Lemira smiled slightly, "No need for tests, I already know."
Asher exploded at Lemira, "So, you're proud of yourself, Lemira? If you're so blind to kindness, then so be it. In front of Mr. Draven here, let me make it clear: you are no longer part of the Langston family. Any trouble you cause won't be linked to us anymore!" It was better to make things clear to avoid dragging the family down.
Lemira replied calmly, "Wasn't I already out?"
Asher wasn't satisfied, "Even if you end up on the streets, it has nothing to do with me..."
He couldn't finish his sentence as Orion threw a glass of water at him.
Orion's face was livid, "Say that again, and see if the Langston Group doesn't go bankrupt tomorrow!"
Asher, drenched, glanced at Orion, unsure of his status.
Moreover, with Thaddeus present, he could only storm off in a huff.
Lucian remained, turning to Lemira, "Lemmy, no matter what Asher says, in my heart, you'll always be my sister. You can come to me with any trouble in the future."
Thaddeus mocked, "Oh, cut it out. When have you not come to Lemira for help? When has she ever needed you? Show some dignity, will you?"
Lucian couldn't contain his coughing fit, clutching his aching stomach.
Lemira remained indifferent, as if she hadn't seen anything.
Hogan, anxious, asked Lemira, "Ms. Lemira, do you still have the recipe for that healing porridge you made for the boss?"
Lemira's lips curled coldly, "Healing porridge, huh?"
"Yes, the boss always felt better after eating the porridge you made."
"That's not right, he clearly preferred Evelina's porridge, didn't he?"
Lemira would never forget how Lucian had praised Evelina's
porridge for being thoughtful,
the healing porridge she slaved over from dawn was neglected. 
Regretting now?
Too late!
Lucian, full of regret, said, "Lemmy, I now realize it wasn't Evelina's porridge that worked; it was your healing porridge. I was wrong before, blinded by ignorance 
Hogan chimed in, "That's right, Ms. Lemira. The boss realized this a while back."
Thaddeus ever the cynic, intervened, "Realized it so long ago but only saying t now? Got a procrastination problem? You might as well say it in your next life, really!" 
Hogan instantly shut up.
Lucian hurriedly explained, "Lemmy, I just didn't know how to say it, afraid you wouldn't forgive me."
The more he recalled his past mistakes, the more unbearable the guilt became, making it even harder to face her.
Lemira's expression was cold, "Then let me give you the answer now: I won't forgive you."
Never!
Lucian stood numbly, his breath suppressed by sorrow.
He whispered hoarsely, "Would you forgive Lucian if I were dead?"
He bent down to pick up a shard of the broken glass, pressing it against his wrist and slashing deeply.
###Chapter 389
Blood gushed out instantly, staining the floor beneath. Lemira's breath hitched at the sight of the vivid red liquid. She couldn't believe Lucian had actually hurt himself!
"You've lost your mind?" she exclaimed.
Hogan was equally shocked, hastily snatching the shattered porcelain shard from Lucian's grasp and pressing down on his wrist. "Boss, how could you treat yourself so carelessly!" Lucian, however, seemed oblivious to the pain.
He fixed his gaze on Lemira. "After I'm gone, the company's all yours. Just remember to visit my grave on Memorial Day, that's all I ask!"
Lemira's hands slowly clenched into fists.
Orion stepped in front of Lemira, blocking her view.
He looked down at her. "Closing your eyes."
Lemira stood still, her eyelids drooping, only to see more blood pooling on the floor.
"Boss, we need to get you to the hospital!"
Lucian remained motionless, stubbornly staring at Lemira.
Hogan cried out in despair, "Ms. Lemira, please, let's get the boss to the hospital. He could die, for real!"
Lemira reluctantly closed her eyes. Why was everyone pressuring her?
She stepped out from Orion's embrace and looked towards Lucian.
She walked over to him.
A glimmer of hope flickered in Lucian's eyes. He wanted Lemira to see the sincerity in his apology!
He was willing to die for her!
Lemira approached Lucian and struck him on the neck, causing him to faint.
Coldly, she said, "Take him to the hospital."
Hogan, no longer concerned with formalities, called in the bodyguards to carry Lucian away.
Asher, who had been waiting in the elevator, was shocked to see Lucian covered in blood. "What happened?"
Hogan's voice broke. "The boss wanted Ms. Lemira's forgiveness and took drastic measures."
He had tried to advise Lucian, but to no avail.
Otherwise, it wouldn't have come to this!
Asher, too, was panicked, clumsily helping Hogan take Lucian to the hospital.
Blood trailed from the office to the elevator.
Lemira, seeing the blood on the floor, turned away, unwilling to look.
She hadn't expected Lucian to go to such extremes!
Orion handed her a tissue and bent down
hands. "This was his choice.
Ps to wipe the blood from here
Don't
sweinet
let it affect you." 
"Yeah, Lemon, this is like emotional blackmail."
Orion added, "Guilt tripping."
Thaddeus nodded. "Exactly. He hoped that by doing something so extreme, you'd relent. We won't fall for it!" Lemira took a deep breath, seeing him methodically cleaning her hands. Her eyelashes fluttered.
She had always guarded against letting her feelings show.
Yet, at this moment, they seemed to grow uncontrollably.
Her heart tightened, and she quickly averted her gaze, fearing someone might notice.
After checking her hands were clean, Orion straightened up and casual disposed of the tissue. "So,
done with work today?" Conwe
"Not yet. Was planning to meet with. everyone to discuss some bug fixes. Didn't expect the Langston family to
storm in like that, causing ally to
Von
trouble." 
Lemira looked somewhat uneasy.
Orion suggested, "How about we meet in half an hour?"
Thaddeus hastily interjected, "Actually, there's no rush. We could meet tomorrow."
Can't you see Lemon's not in the best mood?
Isn't it a bit cruel to work now?
Thaddeus desperately tried to signal Orion, but the man pretended not to notice.
Lemira, however, shook her head. "I'm fine. Let's meet in half an hour."
###Chapter 390
She couldn't let the Langston family get under her skin.
They were practically strangers!
Lemira eyed the two men before her, "I'm going to hit the restroom."
After her words, she left the office. The blood on the floor was still there, but a janitor had already come to clean it up.
Once Lemira was out of sight, Thaddeus couldn't help but criticize, "You could show a little empathy, man. This was the time to walk Lemira out, maybe comfort her a bit."
"She's no delicate flower needing constant care!"
Orion glanced at the blood on the floor, "Seems like the Langstons haven't learned their lesson yet."
"They do need a lesson, but remember, the Langston Group started as a branch founded by Lemmy's parents. Even the company's name and location were chosen by her parents. Wouldn't she be devastated if it went under?" After all, it was a part of her heritage.
Orion's expression was icy as he turned and left the office, heading towards the restroom as well.
He saw Lemira had taken to the emergency stairs.
There she was, sitting alone on a step, lost in thought.
The image of Lucian cutting his wrist, the blood dripping, haunted her.
It just wouldn't fade away!
Orion settled beside her, whispering, "Need someone to talk to?"
Lemira turned to see him, a mix of tears and laughter in her eyes, "What are you doing here?"
"Offering some comfort!" Orion patted his shoulder, "Lean on me for a bit, no charge."
Lemira glanced at him and then rested her head on his shoulder.
She slowly closed her eyes, "Tell me, was I too harsh?"
"Remember how Asher used to scold you? And during exam time, all the stationery Lucian prepared for you was faulty, almost causing you to flunk." Lemira took a deep breath, "I know."
Orion flicked her forehead gently, "You're too nice. Time to lower those standards a bit."
"Ever heard the saying: 'Drop the decency, enjoy being a little wicked'?"
"Aren't you the one who told your followers your nickname was 'Ms. Mischief"?"
Lemira burst out laughing, "Stop it, that joke isn't even funny."
After a moment, she spoke, "I do hate them, and I'll never forgive them."
Lemira added, "But as a child, they were really kind to me. Treated me like I was too precious to touch or break."
That was until Evelina came into the picture.
Her parents died in a car crash when she was just a few years old.
The good times were truly good.
But the bad times... they cost her life!
Orion looked at her conflicted expression, feeling a pang of
.
sympathy, "But you've already paid the price, squared everything away." 
Lemira thought of her past life, indeed.
She had died once, already paid her dues.
Sharing these thoughts made her feel significantly lighter.
She realized she was leaning on his shoulder, his arm naturally placed on the step behind her, making it look as if he was holding her. 
She looked down, not moving.
Neither of them spoke, maintaining the pose.
Lemira's heartbeat quickened
uncontrollably, worried he might
hear it, she panickedly looked up, "Is it almost time?" 
Just then, Orion looked down, his lips brushing across her forehead.
Neither had expected this.
Lemira scrambled to her feet, "We should head to the meeting."
Her foot missed a step, and he quickly pulled her into his arms, "Be careful."
Her cheeks flushed a deep red.
They were so close, the space around them tight and silent.
Now, it was just the two of them, and the sound of their mingling heartbeats.
She looked up, their eyes locking.
The distance between them slowly shrinking.
###Chapter 391
Lemira's heart skipped a beat as Orion's face loomed closer to hers, her mind blanking out in the moment. Suddenly, voices from outside snapped them back to reality.
Lemira quickly turned her head away from his embrace and dashed out the door without looking back. Orion stood there, his gaze darkening, unconsciously touching his lips.
He had to admit, some things were beyond his control.
Like wanting to be near her, to hold her, to kiss her.
Leaning against the wall, he rubbed his shoulders and instinctively lit a cigarette.
Outside, Lemira stopped to catch her breath, her cheeks flushed as she noticed in the restroom mirror.
She splashed her face with cold water, trying to calm down before stepping out.
Glancing towards the emergency exit, she wondered if Orion had followed but didn't check, heading straight back to the office.
Entering the conference room, it seemed everyone had arrived.
Thaddeus, sitting at the head of the table, raised an eyebrow at Lemira's quick return and her noticeable blush.
"What's the matter? Someone had a comforting chat?" he teased.
Lemira kept her head down, silent.
Thaddeus then started the meeting, "Alright, let's begin."
"The project lead, Mr. Orion, isn't here yet," someone pointed out.
Lemira felt Thaddeus' eyes on her as Orion's absence was mentioned.
Thaddeus just smiled, "Let's not wait for him. We'll start."
Distracted, Lemira fumbled with her documents but soon focused, detailing a solution for a bug they'd found.
Thaddeus, observing her dedication, texted Orion: "Meeting's started. How'd you cheer Lemon up so quickly? Share your secret." Orion's blunt reply: "Buzz off!"
Thaddeus smirked, knowing well Orion's actions contradicted his words.
After the meeting, Lemira finally took
a
to drink some water,
noticing Orion had returned to his
office, which she had overlooked earlier. 
She avoided his gaze, but Orion watched her, her earlier vulnerability contrasting sharply with her current professionalism.
Thaddeus teased Orion about his failed attempt at comfort, hinting at an unspoken tension.
As everyone dispersed, Lemira packed up, telling Thaddeus she'd head back to her studies but would remain available for the project. "Take the weekend off, Lemon. Rest up," Thaddeus suggested.
Her glance briefly met Orion's before she hurried out, ignoring his offer to drive her home. "Thanks, but I'll catch a cab," she said, speeding up her pace.
Orion watched her leave, Thaddeus teasing voice in his ear, "What kind of comfort did you offer? She runs from you like a mouse from a cat." 
SUMS
"Mind your own business, bachelor," Orion retorted, following Lemira out.
Thaddeus, in mock offense, pointed at himself, "Bachelor? Look who's talking You've got a long way to go
if you're chasing after that one. You
haven't even started the trials yet!" 
###Chapter 392
Lemira stepped into the elevator, letting out a sigh of relief as she lowered her head.
But as soon as the elevator doors slid shut, they bounced open again.
She saw the long legs of a man stepping in, positioning himself next to her.
It was Orion; Lemira knew it without looking up.
She caught his reflection in the elevator's mirror and felt her cheeks heating up.
This was truly what it felt like for time to drag on.
Finally, when the elevator reached the ground floor, Lemira almost ran out in a panic.
But the man pulled her back, cornering her against the wall of the elevator.
Orion looked down at her, his gaze intense, "Running from what?"
Lemira, startled, turned her head, whispering, "Let me go first."
"Answer my question first."
"I'm not running. I was just leaving through the ground floor; I don't have a car."
Orion's voice lowered, "But I do."
"What does your car have to do with me?"
"I can give you a ride."
Lemira looked up at him, her mind a mess, unsure of how to respond.
Just then, the elevator doors opened, and voices spilled in.
Lemira, desperate to escape the awkward situation, pushed him slightly, worried they'd be seen by people outside.
But Orion remained immovable, his tone calm, "I'll give you a ride."
He didn't leave room for argument.
The elevator was open now, and the voices outside halted.
Lemira, her face flushing, insisted, "Fine, just move."
Orion finally stepped aside slowly, giving a warning glance to the people outside.
One of them, catching Lemira's eye, asked, "Do you need help?"
Lemira shook her head, "No, thank you," and bolted out of the elevator.
Orion followed at a slower pace, telling someone beside him, "Ever heard of wooing someone?"
The bystander, with a look of aristocratic disdain, walked away.
The onlookers were confused; they
hadn't seen wooing done by cornering someone against the elevator wall before. It seemed more like a scene from a heist movie.
en FindNovel
Embarrassed, Lemira hurried away, mortified by the encounter.
What was Orion thinking!
The sound of a car honking followed, and Orion rolled down his window, "Get in."
Lemira ignored him, slightly annoyed.
Orion drove slowly beside her, "With those little legs of yours, you could walk all day and not make it back." "I'll just hail a cab!"
Defiantly, Lemira walked out of the car's path, and just then, a taxi dropped off a passenger.
She quickly approached it and left.
Orion watched her go, parked his car by the roadside, and texted Lemira, "Mad at me?"
Receiving his message, Lemira responded with an emoji of a pig being punched.
How could he be so shameless in front of people just outside the elevator?
Soon, Orion replied with an emoji of kneeling in apology.
Seeing this, Lemira couldn't help but smile a little; he was getting better at this. But her phone rang.
She glanced at the caller ID and hung up promptly.
Another call came in, which she also ignored.
The callers were Asher and Alaric.
Then, Hogan called her.
Hesitating for a moment, Lemira answered.
In her past life, Hogan had been one of the few to stand up for her.
She spoke coldly, "What is it?"
"Ms. Lemira."
"Lemira, Lucian is in critical
condition in the emergency room, and Alaric has been notified and will soombe detained for investigation. Are you satisfied now?" 
The furious voice of Asher came through.
Lemira stared out the car window at the sky, "This has nothing to do with me."
Hogan, sounding anxious, said, "Ms. Lemira, the boss's condition is dire. If anything were to happen to him, would
you come to see him one last
w n
time?" 
Lemira bit her lip, contemplating the finality of it all.
###Chapter 393
Lemira fell silent for a moment.
From the other side of the phone, Asher's voice cut through, "Lemira, you're not allowed to come to the hospital. It's all your fault Lucian and Alaric ended up like this. You have no right to show your face here!" Hogan, frantic, blurted out, "Boss, how can you say that?"
"Am I wrong? Who else is Lucian in the ER because of?"
"But it's what our boss wanted. The person he most wants to see right now is Ms. Lemira. It's his wish; you can't stop her!"
Holding the phone, Hogan's voice was filled with pleading, "Ms. Lemira!"
"I didn't say I was coming to the hospital. Just a bit of blood loss, he won't die from that."
Lemira wasn't naive. She wasn't about to rush to the hospital over such a manipulative tactic.
When she died in her past life, she was all alone, too.
Her so-called brothers were all at Evelina's side then.
Lemira simply hung up the phone.
Hogan, looking at the disconnected call, slumped, utterly defeated.
Asher, incredulous, stared at his phone, "She just hung up? She's really not coming? The person being resuscitated is her own brother!"
"Boss, weren't you the one who said she shouldn't come?"
"That was said in the heat of the moment. How could she possibly not come?"
Hogan forced a smile, "Boss, there's no need for hostility among family. We could have a decent conversation."
"Wasn't I being decent enough?"
"Boss, you've faced your enemies with a smile before. So why do you have to lash out at Ms. Lemira? I don't get it. Shouldn't family be even more patient, understanding, and caring?" Hogan couldn't understand it at all.
Now Lucian understood, but it was too late for Ms. Lemira; her heart was already too hurt for regrets to matter.
Asher was left speechless, not believing he was in the wrong.
Lemira made a mistake, but did that mean he had to sweet-talk her?
Impossible!
Eve would never have acted like Lemira.
As night deepened, Lucian was wheeled out of the OR.
Unconscious, his lips were still murmuring Lemira's name.
Asher felt a pang of discomfort, "Even now, he's still calling out for that ingrate?"
An assistant by Asher's side reported, Boss, the company's system hasn't suffered any more cyber-attacks, but our stock has taken a hit. The shareholders are demanding answers." 
"I know, we'll deal with it tomorrow."
Asher glanced at Hogan, "You've met Mr. Draven back in Lyria, right?" "Correct."
"And that man beside Lemira?"
"He's the school doctor from Ms. Lemira's high school. Seems he's on good terms with Mr. Draven."
Asher narrowed his eyes, "Just a school doctor? Did you check?"
"We did. He's just a regular school doctor. Ms. Lemira ran away with this man, but with Mr. Draven's help, we've never been able to locate where Ms. Lemira was staying." 
Just a regular school doctor?
Then it seemed he was mistaken. After all, a member of the prestigious Everhart family rarely mingled outside their elite circle, a circle Asher couldn't penetrate. 
Given the high status of the Everhart member, he probably wouldn't be working as a mere school doctor. Probably just lucky to know Mr. Draven.
Asher breathed a sigh of relief. All's well that ends well.
Lemira didn't return to school this time. Over the weekend, she went back to her apartment for her live stream. Upon arriving, she saw a pair of men's shoes in the entrance. With a kick, she sent them flying into the closet. Lemira didn't feel like eating; she had no appetite.
When she started her live stream, her mood wasn't the best, but she still went through with a PK as usual.
With the game releasing a new character, Lemira demonstrated the new moves and techniques for her audience.
Toward the end of the stream, during a casual chat, someone brought up the plummeting stock prices of the Langston Group.
###Chapter 394
Lemira glanced up, her tone detached, "The Langstons? I've cut ties with them. Their drama doesn't concern me anymore."
Ever since Lemira had a virtual showdown with a troll, everyone knew she had a sharp tongue.
After ending her live stream, Lemira felt a rumble in her stomach. Hunger.
She had barely shut down her laptop when there was a knock at the door.
Puzzled, Lemira headed to the foyer. "Who is it?"
"Delivery."
"I didn't order anything."
"The address checks out. You're Lemira, right?"
"Yes, that's me."
With that, the delivery guy handed her the package and left.
Lemira found it odd. Only three people knew where she lived. Orion, Thaddeus, Janice.
Ding. A text from Orion flashed on her screen: [Don't forget to eat.]
Looking down at the delivery, Lemira realized he had ordered for her.
Sitting down, she texted back, [Who asked for your charity? I can order my own food.] [Just trying to make amends,] he replied.
A small smile flickered across Lemira's face before she quickly suppressed it.
She wasn't hungry before, but now her stomach was singing a different tune.
And the food? Exactly to her taste.
After eating, she glanced at their chat and deliberately left him on read.
The next day, Lemira woke up without an alarm, a rarity for her. She had an esports banquet in the evening. She texted Janice to meet at her apartment to get ready together.
Another message popped up: [Lunch is at the door.]
Getting up, Lemira received the lunch package, her mood visibly brightening. [Thanks, boss,] she texted Orion. [Not mad anymore?]
[I was never mad.]
Seeing her reply, Orion's lips curled slightly. Not mad, huh?
He set aside his phone, just as Matthew's yelling filled the air. "Bro, you're back? Why didn't you tell me!"
Orion glanced at Matthew, shoving him aside with a hand.
That's when Mrs. Amanda appeared. "Matthew, act your age. Stop pestering your brother."
"I just wanted to chat with him."
Matthew was curious if his brother had given in to his sister-in-law's absurd demands. He really didn't want to drop out of the competition. 
Mrs. Amanda's headache intensified at the sight of her younger son. "Aren't you attending some esports dinner? Better head out early 
Orion asked, "What kind of gathering is it?"
swnovel.ne
"Just a party. They've even invited
vel
the Orvin University Team. My agent's eyeing their captain," Matthew hinted, implying Lemira's attendance. 
Mrs. Amanda perked up. "Is their captain that good?"
Orion frowned, warning Matthew with a look.
Defeated, Matthew scampered off.
Mrs. Amanda sighed. "If only he had half your level-headedness. The Sinclairs have been asking about dinner together."
"Mom, I'm swamped. Don't commit to anything on my behalf. You'll be the one embarrassed," Orion deflected.
Mrs. Amanda wanted to argue but was interrupted. "Mr. Langston, your grandmother awaits in the garden," the butler informed. Orion made his way to the garden.
His grandmother gestured him over. "Come, help me trim these bushes."
Orion grabbed the shears, experienced in this task.
His grandmother eyed him. "Heard you met a girl you like in Lyria?"
"Grandma, it's hardly anything serious."
"With your looks, no girl is out of reach if you truly pursued."
Orion paused, looking at the elderly woman, hesitating.
With a bitter smile, he confessed, "Grandma, she's the girl from back then."
The cup slipped from the old lady's grasp.
###Chapter 395
Mrs. Eileen truly didn't see it coming, her gaze complex as she looked at Orion.
It took her a long while to speak up: "You know it's impossible between you two, with that car accident and all..." No one could forget the death of their parents.
Orion was crouching in front of the elderly woman, bending his straight back.
The old lady spoke up: "Your guilt, you can make it up to her, that's the best choice for both of you."
He was bowing down, speaking in a low voice: "I know."
But he couldn't control it.
At first, it was compassion, and then, it was love.
The old lady sighed: "Seems like, she must be a good girl, to have moved your heart, hasn't she?"
"Grandma, you don't know how tough these years have been for her, even her brother has been neglecting and suppressing her."
Orion paused for a long moment: "I thought I was rational enough."
"Rationality can prevent one from entering a relationship, but it can't stop one from developing feelings."
Mrs. Eileen knew her grandson; if he wasn't truly moved, he wouldn't have opened up to her.
The old lady perceptively caught on to his thoughts.
She spoke: "Orion, are you telling me all this because you want to be with her?"
"Yes."
Orion had made up his mind last night; he truly had feelings for Lemira.
The person he liked, he was determined to fight for.
That was also the reason he came back.
Mrs. Eileen playfully hit him: "You little rascal, trying to sweet-talk your grandma, huh?"
"Grandma, I don't need you to do anything, but I do need your support."
Mrs. Eileen pondered for a moment before speaking: "At the end of the day, the accident wasn't your fault; it was a tragedy. But it's unfortunate for that girl. I just don't get it, the accident wasn't that severe, how did it suddenly explode?" If only that girl's parents hadn't died.
Orion's voice was hoarse: "I haven't dared to tell her anything yet."
He didn't know if he was worthy, he hesitated and struggled for a long time.
"Go for it if you like her, let her see your sincerity, but you need to find the right moment to reveal your identity and the truth about the past."
Orion nodded: "I understand, will you accept her then?"
"I don't approve of you two being together."
Orion didn't speak.
The old lady saw through his
determination: "What you should et
worry about is not whether I accept her, but whether she will accept you after knowing everything." 
"I'll find a way."
"It's best to let go sooner, it's better for both of you. There are so many girls out there, why insist on her?"
Mrs. Eileen understood her grandson well, fearing that in the end, both would be hurt.
Orion remained silent, diligently pruning the flower branches for the old lady.
There are many girls in the world, but there's only one Lemira.
He turned and walked into Matthew's room.
Matthew, startled, scrambled to hide something, but relaxed upon seeing Orion: "Dude, it's you. Why didn't you knock? I have my privacy, you know." "Porno mags? What's there to hide?"
Orion glanced and immediately knew what Matthew was hiding.
He pulled up a chair to sit down: "What time are we heading out tonight?"
Matthew's interest was piqued instantly: "You're coming too?"
Orion's gaze was serious as he looked at him: "There's something you need to do. Remember to protect her at the party, don't let anyone bully her, got it?" 
"Got it, no need for you to say it! I'll protect her!"
Matthew thumped his chest proudly, then lowered his voice: "Dude, she hasn't made any weird requests, right? Like asking me to drop out of the race or something?" 
Orion smacked Matthew on the head: "She's not that kind of person."
###Chapter 396
"Then why did she ask that question?"
"That's none of your business, Matt."
Matt, arms akimbo, shot back, "Hey, bro, you're the one begging me to play bodyguard for your wife. Better check that attitude, or I might just walk off this gig!"
Orion felt a twitch at his temple and in one swift move, had Matt pinned down on the bed.
"Ouch, ouch, ouch! Bro, you trying to commit fratricide or what? I'm telling Grandma you hit me!"
Orion's voice was eerily calm, "Who was it that needed to watch their attitude?"
"That would be you. You're the one asking for favors, hmph!"
Matt felt emboldened, thinking he could finally get one over his brother with this leverage.
Orion simply dragged Matt out of the bed by his feet and out of the bedroom.
"We're gonna chat in the gym," he said, dragging him along.
Matt, unable to get up, screamed for his life, "Help, Mom, save me! I'm gonna die; my bro's gonna beat me up!"
Mrs. Amanda, overhearing this, just turned her head towards the ceiling, "I think I forgot to put on my face mask."
Thus, Matt was dragged into the gym, followed by screams that soon filled the air. But the household staff were used to these antics and paid no mind. Not long after, Matt emerged, shuffling along with a black eye and holding his backside, while Grandma and Mrs. Amanda were seated on the couch. Sobbing, Matt complained, "Grandma, he hit me!"
Grandma glanced at Orion, "Why are you hitting him again? No more of that."
Orion coolly replied, "Just checking if his skills have gotten rusty."
"You were just looking for an excuse to hit me!"
Matt then turned to Mrs. Amanda, "Mom, you saw everything and did nothing?"
"Your brother must have had his
elige
reasons, Mrs. Amanda said, barely concealing her amusement at seeing the little tyrant finally getting his comeuppance. 
Matt, furious, exclaimed, "I can't stay in this house anymore."
He vowed to expose his brother's antics at the upcoming gala, hoping it would ruin his chances with any potential girlfriends.
At the gala outside that evening.
Lemira and Janice stepped out of their car, both dressed in stunning gowns.
Janice was thrilled, "I've never been to a gala like this. So many celebrities from different teams are here."
"We'll get plenty of autographs to give out as rewards back home," Lemira said, equally excited, as she signed in for the Orvin University Team.
Lemira's presence naturally drew
attention, given her reputation. The Reapers' manager, Michel, hade always wanted her on his team but never succeeded. 
Lemira seized the opportunity to collect autographs.
Michel approached, "You're still collecting autographs? Plenty of people here would love yours."
"I'm getting these for our team members, as gifts. They've been making good progress lately." Michel sighed, "Wish you were on my team."
"It's a matter of ambition," Lemira
replied, content with her role as captain of the Orvin University Team, fulfilling a dream she had harbored since her previous life. 
Michel hesitated before mentioning, "I heard about the Langston family troubles. You okay?"
"I'm fine. The Langstons brought their misfortunes upon themselves."
"A fitting end indeed. Lemira, you're becoming quite the renegade."
At that moment, Lemira noticed two familiar faces approaching. Evelina and Caspian had arrived.
She hadn't expected Caspian to return so soon.
With a stern face, Caspian declared, "Lemira, now that I'm back, it's time for a proper lesson."
###Chapter 397
Lemira caught the familiar tone in Caspian's voice and almost found it laughable.
How could they still be so confident in controlling her life now?
Lemira lifted an eyebrow, "And you are?"
"It's me, Caspian. Have you forgotten how I used to teach you already?"
Seeing Lemira's defiant demeanor, Caspian couldn't suppress the anger boiling inside him. "No wonder everything's been a mess at home lately, Lemira, look at the trouble you've caused."
The firewall at Asher Technologies had issues, Lucian's company lost a bidding war and half of its worth, and Alaric was even detained for investigation.
All these troubles were linked to Lemira.
Lemira chuckled lightly, "None of this is my concern."
"You dare say it's not your concern. Did you or did you not mess with Asher Technologies' firewall?"
"Asher's system crashed because of a hacker attack, and he begged me to fix it for him."
Caspian's face stiffened. Was that the case? Evelina had told him something different.
Right after he landed and came to the party, he was looking to settle the score with Lemira.
Evelina quickly explained, "Caspian, what I meant was Lemira initially hacked Asher's system to pressure him. Now, she's so skilled that Asher himself asked for her help."
After hearing the explanation, Caspian looked at Lemira again, realizing he had never seen how capable she was before.
But the sight of Lemira's indifferent face irritated him all over again. "Asher worked his fingers to the bone to build his company. As a member of the Langston family, you should've offered your help willingly, not have him begging you." Evelina quickly added, "I heard she even charged Asher $200,000 for her services."
Caspian grew even angrier, "Lemira, you're so heartless, charging Asher such an exorbitant fee?" Lemira casually cleaned her ears, "What else? I'm not a charity worker here to offer free services." "Lemira, it's only been a few months since we last met, how could you change so drastically?" Fuming, Caspian grabbed Lemira's wrist, "Come with me to the hospital to see Lucian and apologize." Lemira effortlessly pushed Caspian away.
Caspian nearly stumbled, incredulous at Lemira's newfound strength.
Lemira wiped her hand in disgust, "Don't touch me."
"Caspian, Lucian is so ill in the hospital, nearly dying because of you, and you won't even visit?"
"It's not my fault he chose to harm himself, don't try to guilt-trip me."
Deep down, Lemira knew Lucian's self-harm was a desperate attempt to make her yield.
For a moment, she almost believed it was her fault, almost softened.
Thankfully, Orion was by her side, helping her to see clearly. Lucian always knew how to manipulate her.
Evelina,
had issues with
Whenevean would try to smooth t belongs to en.kikistoveto
things over, thinking he
downplay everything.
But it was always her who ended up hurt.
Including the grievances she bore
right before her exams, which, inet
brushed off with an overn
Lucian's eyes, could be easily
Caspian's eyes reddened with anger, "Lemira, you're truly ungrateful. I'm asking you one last time, are coming to the hospital or not?" 
you
QUMS
"No."
"If you don't come, I'll never forgive you for as long as I live. I'll cut you off."
Caspian glared at Lemira, remembering how she used to fear his anger, afraid of him ignoring her.
Lemira laughed, "Well, that's a promise then. Make sure you keep your word."
With that, she turned and walked away.
Caspian, seething, adjusted his tie, "Lemira, you'll regret this."
Evelina, seeing how mad Caspian was, tried to console him, "Caspian, don't be mad. Lemmy's just being stubborn."
"She's been stubborn for too long now. How much longer does everyone have to cater to her whims?"
Caspian couldn't believe how much had changed during his absence.
###Chapter 398
Lemira was pushing the boundaries again.
Evelina sighed, "Caspian, it's really my fault. Lemmy just hates me."
"It's not your fault."
"But Lemmy is about to sign a disownment agreement with the family. Lucian and Alaric are getting soft, especially Lucian. He blames me for being with the Langstons, thinking that's why Lemmy stormed off in a huff." Evelina's voice was tinged with hurt.
Caspian softened at her words, "Don't blame yourself or Lucian. He's always spoiled Lemira rotten, but don't worry. As long as I'm here, I won't let anyone mistreat you." "Caspian, I'll follow your lead."
Evelina nodded obediently, "Caspian, I want to make something of myself, try my hand in showbiz. I'm an adult now, shouldn't keep relying on the Langston family. I want to earn my own keep."
"Alright, I'll set everything up for you, make sure you shine as a top star."
"Really, Caspian? My friend Susanna adores your work. Could I get your autograph and a photo with you?"
"Of course, I'd be glad to do that for you."
"Then let's head over. But about Lemmy, you think you'll keep trying to talk to her?"
Caspian's expression cooled, "No need."
Whenever Lemira messed up, a little cold shoulder and she'd come around realizing her mistakes.
This time, he intended to give Lemira a good long freeze to teach her a lesson.
---
Lemira grabbed something to eat in the food court.
Michel approached, "You alright? Your brothers are all the same, you're their sister."
Michel was fuming on the sidelines.
Lemira smirked, "They've always been like this."
"No wonder you wanted to cut ties with the Langstons. If I were you, I'd have gone nuclear on them."
It was infuriating.
They didn't treat Lemira like a sister, barely even as a person.
Lemira smiled, changing the subject, "Our team's sponsors have pulled out. I need to find new ones. Know anyone?" "That's a piece of cake, follow me."
Lemira followed Michel to a gathering of suit-wearing, professional-looking individuals.
Michel introduced her, "This is Lemira, captain of the Orvin University Team. You're familiar with her, right?"
After greetings, Lemira briefly explained the team's situation and mentioned their need for a new base sponsor.
One executive said, "We're all looking
vene
forward to what Orvin University Team can achieve next year. Sponsoring shouldn't be an issue. We'll talk." 
"Our company's interested too. Here's my card, let's connect later." Lemira breathed a sigh of relief; the sponsorship seemed secured.
"If you're thinking of sponsoring Orvin University Team, think it through. She turned down our Sinclair's sponsorship, so good luck with yours." 
Susanna, in a designer dress, strutted over with Evelina and Caspian in tow.
Evelina watched silently, unwilling to let Lemira have her way.
Lemira's face turned cold, "Susanna, want me to expose the Sinclairs' dirty laundry for all to see?"
Lemira didn't hold back mentioning the Sinclair family's money laundering.
Since Susanna came looking for trouble, Lemira wasn't going to play nice.
Caspian frowned, scolding Lemira, "Watch your mouth. Think you can afford to offend the Sinclair family? Apologize to Ms. Sinclair, now." 
Lemira smirked coldly, "And you are?"
Caspian raised his voice, "Lemira, don't make me teach you a lesson! Apologize, now!"
###Chapter 399
Lemira gave Caspian a fleeting glance, her eyes brimming with sarcasm.
Seeing that look, a surge of anger sparked within Caspian.
He raised his hand, intent on striking her, but Lemira stood her ground, her gaze dark and unyielding.
Caspian held back, but eventually reached out to grab Lemira's arm, hoping to pull her in front of Susanna to apologize.
Lemira caught Caspian's approaching hand, twisted his arm with a swift motion.
Caspian's face turned pale with pain. He tried to resist, but the pain in his arm only intensified.
Susanna's face turned ashen, she quickly stepped in to intervene, "Lemira, what are you doing? Let go!"
"Lemmy, please, you're going to break Caspian's arm, aren't you?"
Evelina's voice was filled with urgency, yet a hint of triumph flickered in her eyes. After all, Caspian was a celebrity, and being treated like this by Lemira in public wouldn't bode well for her. Now, both Lucian and Alaric seemed to side with Lemira.
She needed to prevent the other siblings from aligning with Lemira as well.
After releasing her grip, Lemira spoke calmly, "Mr. Caspian, you were the one who initiated this. I was merely defending myself."
Caspian felt humiliated, not expecting Lemira to have become so skilled.
Was this the same timid sister he remembered?
Evelina immediately stepped in front of Caspian, "Lemmy, that was too much. Caspian was only trying to help you."
"That kind of help I can do without," Lemira retorted.
Caspian, red with rage, declared, "Fine, Lemira, now I see your true colors. I came back intending to offer you opportunities. Since you so clearly disdain everything the Langston family stands for, don't blame me for redirecting everything to Eve." In the past, this would have terrified Lemira.
But now, Caspian couldn't find a trace of fear on her face, which unsettled him.
Was Lemira truly indifferent to him diverting resources to Evelina?
Lemira's expression remained cool, "Do as you wish. I've never cared for the resources you dangle."
She had always been by Caspian's side, writing scripts for him, brainstorming new project ideas for him.
That was her trying to forge a good relationship with Caspian, trying to support him in her own way.
She had never anticipated receiving anything in return from Caspian.
Caspian still disbelieved, "We'll see how long you can keep up this facade."
Evelina, though elated, had to suppress her excitement, "Lemmy, Caspian's just joking. How could I possibly take your opportunities?"
"Ha, Eve, don't be modest. Caspian means what he says. Since some people are ungrateful, I see no reason to be kind to them anymore." Caspian, feeling deeply embarrassed, turned and left.
Lemira found the entire situation laughable. In her past life, the so-called opportunities given to her by Caspian had all ended up with Evelina anyway.
And yet, they dared to use these as a threat against her now. But this time around, she didn't care in the slightest.
Evelina, believing her scheme had succeeded, was in high spirits, confident that Caspian would never forgive Lemira.
Susanna, feeling sympathetic
towards her idol Caspian, glared at Lemira, "I've never seen someone bite the hand that feeds them like you do Caspian has been so good to you, and yet you show no gratitude." 
Evelina chimed in, "Ms. Sinclair, Lemira has made a name for herself,
I hear her signing bonus was a
million dollars. Perhaps she feels
she no longer needs Caspian's help." 
"Ha, a few million? That's less than my annual allowance," Michel scoffed.
"But Lemira earned that herself, Ms. Sinclair. You just hold out your hand to your family for money. How are those two things even comparable?"
Susanna, irked, fixed her gaze on
Michel, "How dare you insult mezet
Just
ait, I'll have my dad deal with
you all. You think your team can stand up to me?" 
She had come specifically to deal with Lemira, the wretch.
Michel's tone carried disdain, "Ms. Sinclair, weren't you aware our team is backed by the Everhart family?"
"And my sister's about to be engaged to the Everharts, soon to become the young Mrs. Everhart. You'll be the first we let go!"
That reminder hit Susanna - the Reapers were indeed financed by the Everharts.
###Chapter 400
The Sinclairs didn't stand a chance, of course.
engaged."
Michel clicked his tongue: "The whole Sinclair and Everhart saga has been buzzing around forever, yet I've never seen the Everhart guy publicly with your sister, nor has he ever acknowledged her. It's like there's nothing there, but she's acting as if they're practically
Lemira looked at Michel, surprised. Was there really such a backstory?
In her previous life, she had heard rumors about Ms. Sinclair getting engaged to the Everhart heir, but it seemed like it was never officially confirmed. It always remained just that - rumors.
Susanna was fuming: "What would a broke worker bee like you know? My future brother-in-law has been busy abroad, only recently returning to the Everhart family. Our families are about to sit down for dinner soon to discuss the engagement." Why else would she swallow her pride and publicly apologize to Lemira?
It was all for her sister's engagement to the Everhart heir.
"Susanna, are you out of your mind? Since when did my brother agree to have dinner with the Sinclairs?"
Lemira looked up to see Matthew approaching, wearing oversized sunglasses and exuding a cool, mysterious vibe.
Was he here to set the record straight?
Upon seeing Matthew, Susanna's face soured: "It's already been discussed between our families."
"That was something my mom worked out with the Sinclairs, it's got nothing to do with my brother."
"Your mom was arranging the engagement on behalf of your brother."
"Well, then let my mom marry your sister. Since it's always been her handling the marriage talks, seems like they'd be a better match."
Matthew's bold statement shocked everyone around.
Susanna burst into tears: "Matthew, don't you dare go too far. Your mom personally arranged this engagement. Aren't you afraid of embarrassing her?"
"Well, I've been the black sheep of the family long enough, a little more embarrassment won't kill her."
She has Orion to make her proud, after all.
Susanna, unable to bear the scrutiny and unable to outwit Matthew, stormed off.
But Evelina stayed, her face alight with excitement.
She hadn't realized that the captain of the Reapers was the Everhart heir's brother, a bona fide member ultra-wealthy dynasty.
This was beyond Dorian's league.
A frenzy took hold in Evelina's heart. If she could snag Matthew, she'd become the young Mrs. Everhart.
Containing her excitement, Evelina knew she had to make her move.
She approached Matthew, her voice. soft and weak: "Susanna is just a kid at heart, she was only talking about the sponsorship for the Orvin University Team base." 
"The Orvin University base needs sponsorship?"
Matthew completely ignored Evelina, walking over to Lemira: "Why didn't you tell me about this?"
His sister-in-law needed sponsorship, something he could easily arrange with a simple call.
Was there really a need for her to personally seek out sponsors? That's giving those companies too much credit.
Lemira nodded: "The Sinclairs used to be the main sponsor, but after a bit of drama, they pulled out."
She didn't delve into what exactly had happened with the Sinclairs.
Matthew looked towards the sponsors: "What are you waiting for? This is a golden opportunity, grab it before it's gone." Lemira gently tugged at Matthew: "I've already spoken to them, we'll discuss the details later."
"Of course, young Mr. Everhart, we didn't say we wouldn't sponsor."
"Absolutely, we're all willing. Especially with Ms. Langston's talent, she's bound to be a dark horse next year."
Matthew nodded, satisfied: "That's more like it. Lemira is my friend, make sure you treat her right."
After all, it was his brother's command.
Suddenly, Lemira realized everyone's attitude towards her had improved significantly. Evelina, seeing Matthew standing by Lemira's side, was livid with envy.
What was so special about Lemira?
Unable to contain her jealousy,
Evelina shamelessly approached et
so close
"Lemmy, when did you get Mr. Everhart?" 
###Chapter 401
Lemira couldn't help but scoff when she spotted Evelina eyeing Matthew as if he was the golden ticket to a better life. So she wants to climb the social ladder now? Lemira deliberately kept her distance. "We're not exactly close, you know."
Evelina's face faltered, painting a picture of sorrow. "Lemmy, we've grown up together, even though I was only adopted. Even if you hate me, I've always seen you as my own sister." Lemira's lips twitched in annoyance. Here we go again with the drama.
Evelina, having played her victim card, then turned to Matthew. "Mr. Everhart, I'm sorry you had to see this. Lemmy always thinks I'm after her brother, but that's not true."
Matthew raised an eyebrow. "If Lemira doesn't like you, maybe you should take the hint and keep your distance."
He had made up his mind; if his sister-in-law didn't like this woman, neither did he.
Evelina's face stiffened, surprised by Matthew's blunt dismissal.
Damn it, why wasn't her usual tactic working on him?
Lemira watched Evelina, barely hiding her amusement. "Did you really think you could fool everyone like you did the Langstons?"
Evelina struggled to maintain her fa?ade in front of Matthew. "Lemmy, Lucian is in ICU, and Alaric's been detained. His team is on the brink of disbandment, facing a massive penalty for breaching their sponsorship contract. Don't you care about your family at all?" She aimed to tarnish Lemira's image in front of Matthew, refusing to let Lemira outshine her.
Lemira snorted. "I've cut ties with the Langstons a long time ago."
"Lemmy, when will you stop being so stubborn? Lucian harmed himself because of you. Don't you feel bad for him?" Evelina continued her act, hoping to gain the sympathy of the men around them.
Soon, a bulky man in team colors approached Evelina. "Goddess Eve, you're just too kind. You've done enough for the Langstons as their foster child."
Evelina barely concealed her disdain for the unattractive man, but since he was defending her, she'd use it to her advantage.
She wiped her tears, looking pitifully
at Lemira "I know you hate me, but Lucian really cares about you. He's even willing to give you the company as compensation. Please, visit him in the hospital for me." 
The man immediately sympathized with Evelina.
He lashed out at Lemira. "You're heartless, not even visiting your own brother in the hospital. Eve has been the one running around taking care of everything."
"I do it because I should, but I really
hope Lemira would visit him," Evelina said, turning her tearful eyes
to Matthew. "Mr. Everhart, since you're friends with Lemmy, could
You
please talk to her?" 
Evelina hoped Matthew would see Lemira as the ungrateful one, while she played the role of the compassionate sister.
However, Matthew, aware of Lemira's estrangement from her family and the favoritism shown to Evelina, sided with Lemira.
"I do have something to say," Matthew began, to Evelina's temporary delight.
"I think Lemira should stay as far away from the Langstons as possible."
Evelina was stunned, her scheme unraveling. Matthew's disdain was clear. "Who said I was doing this you? At the championship backstage, I heard everything. How you guilt-tripped Lemira. Stop playing the saint." 
Evelina tried to intervene as Matthew confronted the man defending her. "Mr. Everhart, please, there's no need for violence on my account."
"Who's fighting for you? Are you delusional? You and your moral high ground can take a hike," Matthew retorted, his patience worn thin by the charade.
###Chapter 402
After Matthew's words, Evelina's fa?ade crumbled completely.
She hadn't expected Matthew to have overheard their entire conversation that day.
Gritting her teeth, Evelina said, "Mr. Everhart, you've really got it wrong. Lemmy has always had it out for us."
"With a family like yours, it's not just Lemira who would have issues, I'm bloody annoyed myself."
Matthew rolled up his sleeves, "Get lost, out of my sight, now."
Evelina was indignant, "Lemmy, Lucian really wanted to see you one last time. Are you really going to be this heartless?"
Grabbing a champagne bottle, Matthew splashed it towards Evelina, "Shut it, Miss Goody Two-shoes."
He could see right through her manipulations.
He despised the goody two-shoes the most.
Evelina screamed, having worn a brand-new, expensive dress that day.
But she dared not lash out at Matthew, knowing she couldn't afford to offend a member of the Everhart family.
She turned to a less attractive man nearby for sympathy, who then couldn't help but defend her, "Matthew, don't think you can bully people just because of your status." "I'll handle this myself."
Lemira, with a champagne bottle in hand, approached Evelina, "Cut the moral high ground act, stay away from me!"
Evelina hid behind her unsightly defender, not wanting to lose face in front of Matthew.
Ultimately, Evelina had no choice but to leave in defeat, especially since she needed to clean her dress.
After Evelina left, Lemira put down her champagne.
She glanced at Matthew, "You didn't have to wade into this mess."
People outside didn't know the full story; they would indeed think she was cold for not even seeing her brother one last time.
"I can't stand goody two-shoes, Susanna's mom was one too, so annoying."
Matthew disliked Susanna's mother from a young age, but she was always his mom's best friend, making it impossible to distance himself from the Sinclairs. Moreover, protecting his sister-in-law was his duty.
Michel also came over, "Lemira, don't take their words to heart. They're just clinging to you now that you're doing well, wanting to leech off you."
"Yeah, you need to steer clear of families like them, who only manipulate and haunt; don't let them close."
Heeding their comfort, Lemira nodded, "I know."
And she had lived by that all her life.
Later, Lemira mingled with other guests, exchanging contacts.
One of them asked, "Ms. Lemon, are you single?"
Lemira responded, "I am single."
"He beat me to it, Goddess Lemon, I'm a huge fan. If you're single, how about me?"
"Ms. Lemon, give me a chance too."
Seeing this, Matthew rushed over, protective, "Back off, don't even think about it!"
She was his sister-in-law!
"Matthew, that's not fair, man. Let's keep it a fair competition."
"Get lost, all of you stand no chance. Careful, or I'll turn on you."
Matthew shooed the group away, ensuring no one bothered his sister-in-law, or they'd face his brother's wrath.
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief, whispering, "Thanks."
"No problem, protecting you is my specialty."
Lemira glanced at Matthew, then clarified, About that time I asked if you'd quit the competition for
vele
someone, don't get it wrong.d didn't
mean anything by it."dn't
"I know, I know. You're not that kind of person. I trust you."
Since his brother assured he wouldn't listen to his sister-in-law and quit the competition, he was relieved.
Seeing Matthew genuinely wasn't bothered, Lemira finally felt at ease.
She put down her champagne glass, "I'm off to the restroom."
After leaving the restroom, Lemira saw Evelina, her face set in a scowl, waiting outside.
Lemira ignored Evelina, washing her hands in silence.
Evelina, fuming, lowered her voice "Lemira, funderestimated you. To think you'd get cozy with the young Mr. Everhart. Aren't you afraid
Thaddeus would find
Matthew's protection of Lemira was clear; he obviously had a soft spot for her. Why did Lemira get all the attention?
Shaking the water off her hands, Lemira didn't dignify Evelina with a response.
But as she left, she was blocked by You think you can climb
your way into the Everhart family? Come back with me!" 
W?
###Chapter 403
Lemira glanced at Caspian standing in front of her and snapped, "Get lost!"
But Caspian didn't budge. "I was wondering why you suddenly got so bold. Turns out you've got a man backing you up. Lemira, have you no shame?"
Lemira retorted coldly, "What shame? Captain Matthew and I are friends."
"Lemmy, the way Matthew was defending you earlier, anyone with eyes could see he's into you. But what if Mr. Draven finds out about you and Matthew? Would he be upset?" She hoped to see panic on Lemira's face, but Lemira remained expressionless.
Caspian, however, was shocked. "Eve, what do you mean by that? What's her relationship with Mr. Draven?"
He had just returned and was unaware of the many developments he had missed.
"Caspian, I got this from Asher. He said Lemmy has a deep connection with Mr. Draven, who even transferred the shares of a tech startup to her."
Hearing this, Caspian understood everything.
Was this a sugaring arrangement?
Caspian glared at Lemira. "I underestimated you. No wonder you've become so audacious, climbing up the ranks through Mr. Draven."
Caspian was furious, unable to accept that his sister could do such a thing.
Lemira's gaze turned icy, "For the last time, Thaddeus is a friend."
She didn't want to waste her words and tried to leave.
"Lemira, I haven't finished speaking. Who said you could go? If our parents knew about it, they'd be turning in their graves!" Lemira's eyes turned colder, and she grabbed Caspian by the collar: "You're not worthy to mention our parents."
"And you think you are?"
She punched him, and Caspian fell to the ground, unable to get up.
He was shocked. If he thought it was an accident before, now it was clear Lemira was skilled, certainly more than him.
Looking at this unfamiliar version of his sister, Caspian was deeply unsettled.
Lemira then turned to Evelina, who stepped back in fear, "What, what do you want?"
Lemira advanced, slowly tightening her grip on Evelina's neck.
She whispered menacingly, "Did you think you'd be safe just because Alaric took the fall for you?"
"Let me go. It's not like I forced Alaric to do it."
It was Alaric's own decision.
Lemira watched Evelina's desperate struggle: Your triumph won't last. I'll make you lose everything, wishing for death as I was locked away and tortured in a mental institution in my past life." 
"I believe you, let me go."
Evelina was genuinely frightened.
When had Lemira become so formidable?
She didn't want to die.
Finally, Lemira let go, and Evelina collapsed, gasping for air like a dying fish.
Caspian managed to stand, "Lemira, how could you attack Eve? Her father saved your life!"
"That's why I spared her life."
Caspian tried to intervene but realized he was no match for Lemira alone.
Watching Lemira walk away, he felt uncomfortable facing this newfound strength in his sister. He missed the old days when she used to dote on him. 
Outside, Lemira acted as if nothing had happened.
The party soon ended.
Lemira found Janice: "How did the autograph collection go?"
"Smoothly mentioned I'm from the Orvin University Team, and many being fans, eagerly agreed
ographs and p
belongs to en.kikintent
"It's getting late; let's head back."
Lemira and Janice left after she briefly spoke to Matthew and Michel.
###Chapter 404
Matthew walked alongside her, "Let's ditch this place, it's pretty dull."
Lemira glanced at Matthew's sunglasses, "You always wear those shades, is it some kind of fashion statement?"
"Yeah, it's all about looking cool!"
Matthew awkwardly adjusted his sunglasses, striking a pose, "Cool, huh?"
Janice played along, "Super cool!"
They all headed out.
Lemira and Janice caught a cab and left.
Matthew stood there, waving goodbye until the cab was out of sight.
Michel approached, with a complex look, "Dude, don't tell me you're falling for her?"
Matthew had been sticking close to Lemira all night, like a knight in shining armor.
It was obvious to anyone that Matthew was acting out of the ordinary.
"What are you talking about, she's my brother's girl!"
"Your brother's girl, I knew I wasn't wrong back in Lyria. It really was your brother!"
Michel had thought he was mistaken.
Matthew, curious, "What's he doing in Lyria?"
"I'm not sure, just saw him with Lemira once and wasn't sure it was him."
Now it was pretty clear, it had to be Orion.
Michel asked, puzzled, "But what about the engagement rumors with Ms. Sinclair that have been going on for years, are those false?" "If it wasn't true, how could it have lasted so long?"
"It's all talk, my mom getting ahead of herself. My brother never acknowledged it, thinking time would make him accept, impossible." Matthew knew his brother well; once he made up his mind, nothing could change it.
Suddenly, Michel removed Matthew's sunglasses, "Who gave you that black eye?" Matthew quickly snatched his sunglasses back, "Who else but my brother?"
Using sparring as an excuse to check if I've gotten rusty, then he hits me!
At that thought, Matthew slapped his forehead, "I almost forgot something important."
He needed to reveal his brother's identity to Lemira!
It'always his brother hitting him for no reason.
But Lemira was already gone, so Matthew decided to message her, "I have something important to tell you. Message me when you get home." 
He had to tell her today.
Lemira, in the cab, saw Matthew's message, curious about what he wanted to say.
Janice hesitated, "Captain, I think he might have feelings for you."
"You noticed too?"
"It's hard not to, he was all over you tonight, smoothing things over for you, making sure no one bothered you." 
Lemira felt a headache coming on, but she didn't have feelings for Matthew.
Although she wasn't sure if Matthew was the person from her past life, she just didn't feel it.
Was this the so-called online romance dying in the light of day?
The cab first stopped outside the school, Lemira dropped Janice off, then headed to her apartment.
But as Lemira got out, a sleek black car pulled up beside her.
Caspian stepped out, "Lemira, so you live here. Did Thaddeus buy this place for you?"
Her expression darkened instantly, "Who told you to follow me?"
She didn't want anyone from the Langston family to know where she lived.
"Lemira, I know you left home in a huff, needing money, wanting to prove yourself, but you can't let
yourself be kept by a man! You're coming back with me today! 
Lemira defiantly replied, "You can try."
Q.UMS
Caspian signaled, and a van pulled up, disgorging a group of bodyguards who immediately surrounded Lemira.
"Lemira, listen to me, don't go down the wrong path."
###Chapter 405
Lemira saw the flock of bodyguards crowding around, and she knew Caspian had come prepared this time.
She took a few steps back. "This is illegal, you know."
"You're my sister. Even if you call the cops, it's just a family matter."
Caspian advanced step by step. "So, are you coming with me willingly, or do I have to get physical? Your choice."
Lemira couldn't help but find the situation ironic. "Do I even have a choice?"
It was clear she had none; she had to go with him.
Caspian was just the same as he had always been.
He approached her, snatched her phone, and glanced at the contacts. "This must be that school doctor from before, right? Too bad he can't save you this time."
Lemira eyed the bodyguards surrounding her. She couldn't take them all on.
She knew Caspian well enough; if she tried anything, she'd be the one getting hurt.
Lemira didn't plan on a direct confrontation, eventually allowing Caspian to pull her into the car.
Caspian sat beside her, his tone noticeably softer. "You've got Lucian sick with worry, and Asher's business is a mess because of you. But at the end of the day, you're our sister. Just apologize, and we'll let bygones be bygones." Lemira remained silent, her expression cold.
Caspian fixed his gaze on her. "I'm talking to you. You've always been obedient and sensible. Everyone around me praises how good of a sister I have. Don't do anything to disappoint me."
"Are you done?" Lemira said, looking at Caspian. "Did they also tell you that I've cut ties with the Langstons? Asher himself agreed to it."
"Asher might have agreed, but I didn't," Caspian retorted.
Lemira shot back coldly, "Mr. Caspian Langston, that's not what you said at the party earlier."
Caspian had been embarrassed at the party and declared he'd wash his hands off her.
"Just call me Caspian. Why are you using my full name? I was just mad at you earlier. With everyone watching, I couldn't just lower my pride to appease you."
Caspian handed her a Hermes box. "I bought two scarves, one for you and one for Eve. They're the latest trend. You pick first."
Lemira glanced at the scarves with a hint of sarcasm. "Keep them both for Evelina."
"That's not an option. One of them is specifically for you."
"Mr. Langston, Evelina's father has been a benefactor to the Langstons. If you can't even spare two scarves for Evelina, what would they think of you?" Lemira argued. 
No sooner had she finished than her chin was forcefully grasped.
Caspian's expression grew stern. "Lemira, you know I have limited patience. It's been a while since last laid a hand on you. Don't test my patience, understand?" 
"Ha, did I say something wrong?"
"You indeed did. In my heart, you're my only sister. Evelina doesn't mean as much to me as you do."
Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery. "Being your sister must be really unfortunate then, having to endure beatings."
"You get beaten because you refuse
to listen. used Evelina to motivate
you, and you've improved
significantly over the years. But
lately, you've been slipping back into
old habits." 
en FindNovel
Caspian's handsome face twisted with a cruel edge. "But you're my sister, and I'll make sure to teach you properly." "Well, you can try."
Lemira threw a punch at Caspian's face with all her might.
She hadn't resisted before because it was futile against so many bodyguards, and she would only get hurt.
But now it was different.
It was just her and Caspian in the back of the car.
With that punch, Caspian almost instantly blacked out, blood streaming from his nose.
The driver, seeing the chaos in the rearview mirror, panicked. "Mr. Langston!"
"Stop the car!"
Lemira's hand was around Caspian's neck, threatening the driver. "Or I'll snap his neck."
Frightened, the driver pulled over immediately.
As Lemira let go and attempted to flee, Caspian awoke, covering her mouth and nose with a handkerchief, dragging her back into the car.
His voice was in her ear. "Lemira, this was meant for you earlier, but since you were so well-behaved, I didn't use it. But in the end, you still disappointed me."
###Chapter 406
Lemira knew the cloth was laced with chloroform, but she eventually passed out anyway.
Watching Lemira slump into unconsciousness, Caspian finally let go of her and took the napkin offered by his bodyguard.
The driver tentatively suggested, "Sir, maybe we should tie her hands, just to be safe."
After all, Ms. Lemira seemed pretty skilled.
Caspian's hand flew in a swift backhand slap, "Tie whose hands? She is my sister, Ms. Langston, got it?"
The driver quickly zipped his lips in fear.
Caspian closed the car door: "To the hospital."
He touched his swollen face.
Ouch, the girl has been practicing, and she knows how to fight back now.
They arrived at the hospital.
Caspian carried Lemira into a high-end private room, cheerfully announcing, "Lucian, guess who I brought?"
"Lemmy? Why did she pass out?"
Lucian was overjoyed to see Lemira but noticed she hadn't woken up.
"Caspian, what happened to Lemmy?"
Caspian touched his swelling cheek, "It wasn't easy bringing her here. We were talking, and suddenly, she lashed out and knocked me out cold. Lucian, she's gotten pretty tough, and harder to handle."
Caspian was pleased, but not happy that Lemira had turned tough and seemed to be turning against the family.
"Caspian, that's too much. You can't treat Lemmy like that; what you used could harm her."
"Don't worry, Lucian, I know what I'm doing."
Soon a doctor came to apply medication to his wounds and ice to reduce the swelling.
Lucian sighed, "Caspian, Lemmy's grown up, we can't treat her like we used to."
"But look at her, storming off after exams, going off to Orvin University alone, and then getting involved with the Sinclairs, which ended up with Alaric in detention. If you'd been stricter and kept her close, none of this would've happened." "This time is different; we were in the wrong."
Lucian had realized they couldn't blame Lemira for everything.
Caspian glanced at Lemira, "I was kept away from her due to a forced isolation, and then there was the trouble with the film crew. If I'd been there, Lemira wouldn't have ended up like this." en FindNovel
He had always been the one teaching Lemira how to be.
Lucian took off Lemira's shoes and tucked her in.
He lowered his voice, "Caspian, I'll handle
3 Situation, but youet
not to resort to
old ways!" 
"Got it," Caspian replied, somewhat impatiently.
Caspian's agent approached,
opian; you've got an appearance
How did you injure your
face?" 
"It's nothing."
"How can it be nothing? For a star, the face is crucial."
Caspian remained unfazed, not taking the incident to heart.
He stood up, glancing at Lemira on the bed, "Lucian, talk to her. I'll come back after I'm done."
"You better not treat Lemmy like this in the future."
"You can't tell me you're not happy to see her here?"
Lucian was exasperated; it wasn't the same.
He wanted Lemira to visit him at the hospital, but not like this.
No sooner had Caspian left than Lemira's phone rang.
Lucian glanced at the caller ID - Orion.
Without hesitation, he hung up and set the phone to silent.
In his heart, Lemira was always family.
After finishing, he turned to see Lemira looking at him.
Lucian felt guilty, "Lemmy, you're awake?"
Lemira, expressionless, slid off the bed.
Lucian hurriedly offered her slippers, "Lemmy, put on your shoes, the floor is dirty."
Lemira extended her hand, "Give me my phone."
"Lemmy, now that you're here, can't you stay a bit longer?"
###Chapter 407
Lemira kicked off her slippers with a swift motion.
Her voice was icy as she demanded, "Hand over the phone."
Lucian swallowed the bitterness in his throat, then quickly changed the subject, "What would you like to eat? Are you feeling alright?"
Lemira felt as if she had punched a pillow-utterly powerless.
She looked up at Lucian, frustration evident in her eyes, "Why can't any of you understand what I'm saying?"
Everyone claims they want to make it up to her, yet they never offer what she truly desires.
"Lemmy, I know you're mad at Caspian, but you know how he's always been hot-tempered. Don't hold it against him. Remember the times when you were bullied as a kid, and Caspian would go out of his way to get back at them for you?" Lucian was pleading, desperate not to let Lemira harbor any misunderstandings towards Caspian.
After all, Lemira was already on bad terms with the Langstons, and he couldn't bear the thought of it continuing this way.
Lemira let out a scoff, "Revenge for me?"
"Yeah, you were probably too young to remember."
"How could I forget? It was his temper and pride that made it impossible for him to get along with anyone. Those who couldn't beat him ended up bullying me instead."
Lemira remembered the countless times she was bullied because of Caspian.
It sounded nice to say that Caspian was standing up for her, but in reality, these people targeted her because of him.
Yet, she adored her brother, and despite being bullied, she still enjoyed following him around.
Because aside from her, no one was willing to speak to Caspian.
And then, when Evelina joined them, with her manipulative ways, Lemira's popularity at school plummeted, leaving her isolated.
Sadly, in her previous life, she couldn't see through it all and actually found joy in Caspian standing up for her.
Lucian struggled to maintain his composure, "I had no idea it was like that."
Lemira lowered her eyelids.
Back then, she was the youngest.
Asher, Lucian, and Rowan were busy with work, Evander was a loner, and Alaric was nothing but Caspian's sidekick. She had no choice but to trail behind Caspian and Alaric.
Even knowing that those Caspian fought would end up bullying her she was willing because Caspian would fight back for her. That made her feel valued. 
Lucian tread lightly, "I've already spoken to Caspian. He won't dare do that again." Lemira's lips curled in mockery, "Your actions now are no different from Caspian's."
"Lemmy, I'm worried about any
lasting
have a doctor examine you before you go. How about you join me for lunch now?" 
on your health. Let'
"No."
Lemira raised her hand and knocked Lucian out cold, dealing with one person was still manageable for her.
She moved Lucian to the bed and suddenly wondered if he had lost weight.
He felt so light, almost as if he was all bones.
This thought briefly crossed Lemira's mind before she let go and took her phone back.
She saw several missed calls and messages from Orion.
Putting on her shoes, Lemira left the room, not wanting to stay any longer.
But as she stepped out, she saw several black-suited bodyguards standing outside, blocking her way.
Lemira's steps halted at the doorway, her teeth clenched as she marched forward.
But the bodyguards swiftly surrounded her, "Ms. Lemira, you can't leave."
"If you're calling me Ms. Lemira, then step aside."
"I'm sorry, Ms. Lemira."
In the end, Lemira was carried back to the room.
Hogan rushed in, carrying a thermos, and demanded the bodyguards leave, "Get out, all of you! Who allowed you to lay hands on Ms. Lemira?" Lemira glanced at Hogan impatiently, "Let me leave."
"Ms. Lemira, I wish I could let you go, but my word doesn't carry weight here."
Hogan sighed, "Ms. Lemira, Mrs.
Caspian Langston did indeed go too far.
Wait until the boss wakes up,
?οι
then you can leave. Sir, what
happened to you?" 
Noticing Lucian's unresponsive state, Hogan's face turned pale with shock.
###Chapter 408
"Ms. Lemira, get a doctor, quick! The boss must've passed out from something serious."
Lemira coughed, "No need for a doctor."
"Ms. Lemira, this is no time for jokes."
"I'm not joking. I knocked him out myself."
Lemira looked a bit uneasy, "He took my phone and wouldn't let me leave."
Hogan finally breathed a sigh of relief, "The boss didn't want to keep you here against your will, he just wanted you to stay a bit longer."
"But they never cared about what I wanted. Did they ever ask if I wanted to stay with them?"
Hogan gave a wry smile, "I know, I tried to tell the boss before, but he wouldn't listen. Regret doesn't help now."
Knowing she couldn't leave, Lemira felt increasingly frustrated.
Soon, Lucian came to, and upon seeing Lemira sitting on the couch, his face lit up with surprise, "Lemmy, you're still here?"
Lemira replied coolly, "I'm going back to rest."
"Sure, have something to eat first. I'll have Hogan drive you back."
"I've lost my appetite sitting with you. I just want to go back now."
Lemira was out of patience.
Lucian felt saddened; he knew it was Lemira who had struck him.
Hogan quickly tried to mediate, "Boss, Mrs. Caspian Langston's people are guarding outside. You should let Ms. Lemira go back herself. Forcing her to stay will only backfire." There's no forcing kindness.
Eventually, Lucian agreed, "Alright, Lemmy, I'll personally take you back."
"No need."
"If I don't, you won't be able to leave. You know how Caspian can be."
Lemira reluctantly agreed.
But she felt terribly uncomfortable about it.
Walking out of the hospital with Lucian, indeed, none of the bodyguards dared to stop her.
Hogan drove her back himself. Since Caspian knew where she lived, there was no point in hiding it anymore.
Throughout the drive, Lucian tried to find an opportunity to talk to her.
But Lemira just stared out of the window, silent.
Lucian sighed; he remembered how talkative Lemira used to be.
Whenever he was tired from work, Lemira would buzz around him, sharing recent amusing stories to cheer him up.
He couldn't understand how things had come to this point between them.
As they reached her apartment complex, Lucian cautiously said, "Lemmy, I'll make sure Evelina stays away from you, she won't hurt you again." 
"Is Evelina the only one who hurt me?"
Lemira's scornful glance at Lucian was her only reply before she got out and walked away.
But then she saw a familiar figure, "Orion?"
When Orion turned and saw Lemira, he immediately put away his phone and rushed over.
His tone full of concern, "Why didn't you answer your phone or reply to my messages?"
"I just ran into an unexpected situation."
Lemira hadn't expected her return would involve being forcibly taken to the hospital by Caspian. Orion gave Lemira a long, penetrating look, sensing she wasn't telling the whole truth.
When Lucian saw Orion, he quickly got out of the car and followed.
The two men exchanged glances, each marked with hostility.
Lemira coldly told Lucian, "You can leave now."
"Lemmy, I know, I was blind before, blinded by my own foolishness, and I made mistakes."
Orion's
dripped with
"Empords show sincerity?' comfortably?" Content living
foster daughter, isn't she still.
"You all know that the surveillance footage was destroyed. Asher won't believe anything I say."
Lucian looked troubled, "Lemmy, I
can't just kick Evelina out. After all her father died trying to save our
parents, and he saved your life too." 
swnw
Orion replied icily, "Are you so sure it was that driver who saved Lemira that day?"
###Chapter 409
Orion knew exactly what had happened back then.
After the accident, the driver didn't even try to help; he just fled the scene.
It was Orion who went to check and carried Lemira out from under the wreck.
Lemira looked blankly at the man next to her. Why would he say that?
Lucian frowned and said, "What do you know? After the accident, only Lemmy was found sitting by the roadside, crying. The driver and my parents died in the explosion, and the driver's body was found in front of the car door, clearly he had tried to go back to save others." Lemira knew this was the official narrative from the police investigation.
But why would Orion dispute that?
Facing Lemira's gaze, Orion averted his eyes. "Maybe a passerby helped out?"
He also couldn't figure out why the driver would turn back.
Maybe it was a guilty conscience, but the person was dead, and the reason was unknown.
Lucian insisted, "That's impossible. That road had just opened not long ago; there were no surveillance cameras around, and hardly anyone passed by there."
Lemira said to Orion, "It's a shame I can't remember what exactly happened during the accident, or else I would know who saved me."
She couldn't have ended up sitting safely by the roadside without reason.
Someone must have carried her out from under the car.
Orion's gaze was deep, too thick to dissolve.
He eventually said nothing more.
Because he dared not tell her that he was also at the scene.
Lucian confidently spoke, "Lemmy, the investigation was clear. It was Evelina's father who saved you. I know you have issues with her, but that's a fact." Despite Evelina's questionable character, it didn't change the fact her father had done a favor for the Langston family.
Hearing this, Lemira's eyes carried a hint of sarcasm.
"I've never denied that. But the life Evelina has been living with the Langston family and the life I've lived. I've paid my dues to Evelina a long time ago." Lemira's tone was cold, especially considering Evelina had wronged her in the past.
She owed nothing to them.
Lucian gave a bitter smile; he knew all too well.
Lemira coldly said, "If you want to repay a favor, do it yourselves. Don't drag me into it."
After speaking, she pulled Orion and left.
Lucian wanted to stop Orion from getting too close, but at that moment, he didn't dare to chase after them.
He was worried that upsetting Lemira further would mean she would never talk to him again.
Then Caspian called him, "Lucian, I heard you sent Lemira away?"
"I took her home. She couldn't possibly stay at the hospital."
"I'll go see her after work; there are things we still need to clear up. She actually wants to sue Alaric, ruining the guy's career and making him the laughing stock." 
Lucian felt weary, "It's not Lemmy's fault, Alaric and Evelina brought it upon themselves."
"Wasn't it Alaric's doing? What does Evelina have to do with it?"
"That's what Evelina told you, right?"
Lucian knew it would be like this. Evelina always played her games and would never tell Caspian the truth.
"Lucian, I know you don't see eye to
eye with Eve, but you can't to
what she says just because
favor Lemira." 
"Caspian, the one who copied Lemira's files was Evelina, Alaric just saw it and didn't stop her."
Caspian hesitated, "That can't be right."
Evelina had always appeared obedient and sensible; he never had to teach her anything.
"There's video evidence of this. You
just need to check the police
vel
records. Evelina was the main instigator, it has nothing to do with Lemmy." 
After hanging up, Lucian was determined not to let the Langston family fall apart.
The six siblings had to stay united.
He was determined to clear up any misunderstandings from the past.
Back at the apartment with Orion, Lemira was in a bad mood, though she didn't show it. She glanced at him, "I've been busy these past few days and haven't had time to tidy up."
###Chapter 410
"Did you swing by the hospital to check on Lucian?"
"Sort of. I'm gonna grab a change of clothes."
Lemira turned and headed back to her bedroom, hoping to shake off the day's events.
Meanwhile, Orion was waiting outside when Lemira's phone began to ring.
Peering at the caller ID, he saw it was Matthew and answered, "I bet you're home by now. Got something pretty big to talk about."
"What's up?" Orion asked, only to be met with silence on the other end.
Matthew, sweating bullets, blurted out, "Why are you answering her phone?"
"Disappointed? What's so important? Go on."
Orion narrowed his eyes, suspicious of Matthew's late call.
What could Matthew possibly want to talk to Lemira about that was so urgent?
"Uh, I just wanted to... compliment you, yeah. My phone's about to die, gotta run." Matthew hung up, his nerves shot.
He thought, "I need to lay low for a while. This could spell trouble."
Orion, staring at the disconnected call, sensed Matthew wasn't intending to praise him.
Shortly after, Lemira emerged, changed and visibly calmer, "Thanks for being here for me."
In this world, only Orion seemed to rush to her side if she didn't answer calls or texts.
Orion studied her closely, "You sure you're okay?"
"What could be wrong? Lucian's seen Evelina's true colors. He's treading lightly around me now. He won't harm me." Lemira purposefully didn't mention Caspian.
Orion, sensing her omission, paused before speaking, "Can't remember anything from the accident back then?"
"Nope. Doctor said it's post-traumatic amnesia. My mind's shielding me by blanking out that day."
Lemira had never dwelled on the accident before.
But today, she felt compelled to uncover the truth, to find out if the driver really was her savior.
Orion didn't pry further, "It's late. Rest up and call if you need anything."
"Will do."
After Orion left, Lemira slumped against the door.
She didn't want Orion entangled in this, especially with Caspian, whose moods were unpredictable, having been involved with the underworld since middle school.
Though now trying to make it in showbiz with his good looks, Caspian was still mingling with his old contacts, smoothing over troubles.
Caspian, leveraging his charm, had
almost clinched an acting awarddast year and was tipped for it again, thanks to a blockbuster script and a hit TV series, both penned by her. 
en FindNovel
But Lemira wasn't about to let Caspian intimidate her any longer.
The next day, Lemira allowed herself to sleep in, then headed to the esports team's base at school in the afternoon to check on their training. 
swnovel.ne
Approaching the base, she noticed a crowd, including girls holding support signs for Caspian.
He was actually at the school base.
Inside, Lemira spotted Caspian surrounded by fans and walked over.
Caspian came her way, "Let me introduce my sister Lemira, the most important person in my life."
The fans screamed in excitement.
Lemira, annoyed, whispered, "What are you doing? I've cut ties with the Langstons."
Was he trying to guilt-trip her?
"You got it all wrong. I'm here to make amends. Lucian filled me in on recent events, and I realized Evelina misled me."
Caspian had checked the footage himself and knew Lemira was innocent.
"I didn't mean to upset you. Let's bury the hatchet, yeah?"
###Chapter 411
Lemira stared into those handsome features before her, disbelief coloring her expression. She knew all too well how much Caspian reveled in playing roles-whether on the job or in real life. Caspian, with a smile playing on his lips, whispered, "Heard your team's looking for sponsors. I'm here to help. Just play along, will you?"
But Lemira was far from willing to comply.
Yet, as Caspian firmly grabbed her shoulder, feigning intimacy as they walked in together, she realized he had orchestrated everything, including the media ready to snap their photos. Under different circumstances, she wouldn't have played along.
But this was the team's home base. Causing a scene here would only bring negative attention to the team.
After all, Caspian was a celebrity, having adopted a stage name early in his career without ever revealing his family's identity.
What was he up to now?
Lemira couldn't quite figure it out.
To the cameras, Caspian said, "Everyone's curious about the bruise on my face, right? My sister gave it to me. We've been sparring recently, and she's improved a lot. I, her big brother, can't even beat her now." Outside, Caspian was the epitome of a caring older brother.
Sure enough, fans started commenting on how lucky she was to have such a wonderful brother.
Lemira's face fell.
Suddenly, a voice directed at Lemira said, "Your brother's going out of his way to boost your popularity and secure sponsorships, and you're here sulking?"
Lemira looked up to see Susanna and Evelina standing among the fans.
The young Sinclair girl was a fan of Caspian?
Evelina added, "Come on, Lemmy, crack a smile. Anyone would think you're unhappy with Caspian."
Lemira clenched her fists, irritated.
Caspian leaned in, his voice low, "Just go along with it, okay? It's for your own good."
But she never asked for any of this!
It's always the same with them, compensating based on what they thought was best.
"Why should Lemira cooperate with a family that treats her poorly? She's already cut ties with them, as everyone knows," a girl in a baseball cap stepped forward.
It was Jessica, her former class president, causing Lemira's eyes to unexpectedly well up with tears.
Evelina was surprised to encounter an old classmate.
Caspian's gaze hardened, though his expression remained unchanged" only learned about my sister's falling out with our family recently. Regardless, she'll always be my sister, irreplaceable to me
Pointing at Evelina, Jessica said, "And what about her? You treated your adopted sister better than Lemira."
Evelina's cheeks flushed with anger at the mention of her adoption, a topic she loathed.
Evelina retorted, her eyes reddening, "We were all in the same class. You've always been close to Lemira, but that doesn't give you the right to make baseless accusations. Our brothers treated us equally and fairly." 
"The so-called fairness that meant when both of you were sick, Lemira had to run errands. Despite Lemira being the top student, she had to give up an opportunity at Orvin University to attend a lesser college with you. I doubt anyone would want that kind of fairness," Jessica knew exactly what had happened during those three years in high school. 
The crowd erupted into murmurs.
Even the reporters were shocked, unaware of such details.
Caspian's face darkened as he whispered to Lemira, "Your friend is quite loyal, but she shouldn't have said all this in public. Should I teach her a lesson?"
"You better not hurt her," Lemira warned, aware of Caspian's methods.
Caspian's smile broadened, "Then you better explain yourself, or your friend here is going to face some trouble."
Lemira gritted her teeth, her gaze shifting towards Jessica across the way.
###Chapter 412
She was grateful for Jessica standing up for her, but she couldn't let him get into trouble because of her.
With a light smile, she began, "Sure, all of that happened, but none of it has anything to do with me and Caspian. He's always been pretty good to me."
After hearing this, Caspian's smile grew wider, and he leaned in to whisper, "That's my girl."
After interacting with his fans for a while, Caspian finally wrapped up the meet-and-greet and slipped away from the venue.
As soon as Caspian left, his fans dispersed too.
Susanna hurried off to follow her celebrity crush, while Evelina couldn't hide her envy at Lemira, surprised that Caspian actually showed up to boost Lemira's popularity.
That wasn't supposed to happen. She had already tried to sow discord between Caspian and Lemira at the party.
Evelina felt something was off. She was determined to confront Caspian for clarification.
Once the crowd had left, Lemira approached Jessica, "What brings you here?"
"I was at the finals too. Then I heard you became the captain of the Orvin University Team, and I just had to come check on you. Didn't expect to walk into that scene, but I had to speak up for you." "Why didn't you text me you were coming?"
Jessica blushed a little, "I felt a bit awkward."
After all, their paths hadn't crossed much in high school, though they had become closer since then.
Jessica felt guilty for having contributed to isolating Lemira back in the day, which made her hesitant to reach out.
"It's fine, let me introduce you to our team. You mentioned wanting to visit the Orvin University Team, remember?"
Seeing an old classmate lifted Lemira's spirits.
Yet, Jessica was concerned, "What's with Caspian? Why is he trying to guilt-trip you now?"
She had seen how Caspian treated Lemira, even getting physical with her at the school infirmary. He didn't seem like a good person at all.
Lemira's smile faded, "He likes playing the good guy in public, probably to gloss over the bruise I gave him."
"Did you hit him?"
Lemira nodded, "Yes."
Jessica couldn't help but laugh, "Good for you!"
introducing her to Janice and a
Semira thought it would be
After showing Jessica around t
nice to treat everyone to dinner. 
As they were leaving the campus after practice, Lemira noticed a limousine parked by the roadside.
She paused, pretending not to see it.
But then her phone rang. It was Caspian.
She knew ignoring his call would only lead to more trouble, so she stepped aside to answer, "What's up?"
"Get in the car. We need to talk."
"I've got dinner plans with a friend. Whatever you have to say, say it here."
Caspian's voice was laced with impatience, "I'm telling you one get in, unless you
to run into trouble.
belongs to en.kikistoriet
Lemira clenched her phone tightly, glancing at the limousine.
In the end senior
she asked Janice and the
take Jessica to the
restaurant first, promising to food. net
shortly. 
Lemira then made her way to the car.
Inside, besides Caspian, Evelina was also present, her head hanging low as if she had been crying.
Caspian patted the seat next to him, "Lemira, come sit."
Lemira remained standing, "What do you want?"
"I know I was harsh at the party yesterday, and I wronged you. Evelina misled me, you see?"
Lemira was puzzled by Caspian's intentions.
Caspian glanced at Evelina, "Come on, apologize to Lemira."
Reluctantly, Evelina stood up, "Caspian, I was just thinking about Asher and Lucian's project. Ah!"
Caspian's hand flew up, striking Evelina across the face with a force that left her cheek rapidly swelling.
###Chapter 413
Lemira couldn't believe her eyes when she saw Caspian raise his hand to Evelina.
Caspian, hitting Evelina?
She remembered how Caspian always treated Evelina with respect, always making Lemira follow Evelina around like an assistant.
Even when Lemira had a rebirth moment and ended up in the doctor's office after a spat with Evelina at school, Caspian rushed over and, without asking any questions, blamed her, even going as far as to slap her. Why the sudden change of heart? Lemira wasn't pleased; she just thought Caspian had gone off the deep end even more.
Tears welled up in Evelina's eyes, shocked that Caspian would ever lay a hand on her.
Caspian spoke coldly, "I told you to apologize, didn't you hear? Cut the crap!"
It was then Evelina spoke up, her voice quivering with tears, "Lemmy, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have stolen your ideas out of spite, nor should I have convinced Alaric and Asher to slander you." Hearing Evelina's so-called apology, Lemira felt nothing stirring in her heart.
Caspian, however, looked at Lemira with a softer tone, "I watched that video too. It's clearly Evelina's fault, not yours."
Lemira scoffed at the absurdity, "Is that all you wanted to say?"
"Lemira, I've explained everything, and even had Eve apologize. You can't keep holding a grudge, otherwise, it'll just cause more trouble at home."
Caspian's words seemed part plea, part threat.
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "I've never been holding any grudge. Why should I return to a home that treats me poorly?"
"You're right. I'll have a word with Asher about this, don't worry."
After saying his piece, Caspian dismissively waved his hand, "Didn't you have dinner plans with your classmates? Off you go."
Lemira didn't look back as she walked away.
Caspian's smile cooled as he turned to Evelina, "Have I ever been unfair to you? I despise liars the most, got it?"
"I got it, I'll never dare again."
Evelina fought back tears, now fully remembering what kind of person Caspian really was. All these years of kindness had almost made her forget his temper.
She had thought her little scheme at the party last night would work, only to have it fall apart today.
Caspian's tone softened
considerably, "Go put some ice on that cheek. I'll find you a role in the
new movie. Here's the scripte
good look." 
"Thank you, Caspian."
Evelina's eyes lit up with surprise upon seeing the script.
a
"It's nothing. After all, I haven't forgotten who rallied the troops when I was cornered by enemies. It was you."
Evelina quickly lowered her gaze to hide her guilt.
In truth, it was Lemira who had called for help.
But she could never admit that now.
Caspian had never really liked her, the outsider sister, until after that incident. And she would never reveal this secret.
Everything she had now, she believed, was rightfully hers.
---
Stepping out of the car, Lemira finally breathed in the fresh air.
Glancing back at the vehicle, her gaze hardened.
She wouldn't let this situation last much longer. If it weren't for worrying Caspian would trouble her classmate Jessica, she wouldn't have played along with his charade. 
After dinner, Lemira sent Jessica home and returned to her dorm.
Janice informed her, "Caspian's school visit and your interview went up on Twitter."
Lemira checked it out.
Caspian's video title: [Let me introduce you to my sister, the 'drama queen'.]
The video had garnered Caspian a lot of sympathy, even earning him the tag of a doting brother.
Janice hesitated before adding, "The actor competing with Caspian for the Best Actor award recently got exposed by an ex-girlfriend for domestic abuse. Caspian's timing with this video is impeccable, and the content is cleverly chosen." 
Lemira smirked sarcastically, "Yeah, Caspian never makes a losing deal."
This move not only explained the bruises but also discredited his rival and improved his public image.
And it even forced her to compromise.
###Chapter 414
A perfect deal with multiple benefits.
But Caspian claimed he was there to make amends, saying that in her past life, she had failed to see his true colors.
She thought her relationship with Caspian was the strongest, but when she threatened to reveal that the script wasn't actually written by Evelina, endangering Caspian's interests, he coldly cast her aside without a second thought. Caspian had always been adept at winning people over with such tactics.
Lemira saw a message from Matthew from the day before.
He said he had something important to discuss.
But after everything that happened last night, she had completely forgotten about it.
Now, Lemira was somewhat curious about what Matthew wanted to say.
She noticed that Matthew had called her, but the call was picked up by Orion, judging by the call duration.
Lemira texted Orion: [Do you think Matthew has a girlfriend?]
Upon reading this, Orion immediately felt a sense of urgency.
Frowning, he replied, [Not that I know of. Why do you ask?] [Does he have someone he fancies then?
Reading this, Orion sat up straight.
He called Lemira, and she answered instantly: "Hello?"
Lemira was surprised he'd actually call. Could there be something going on with Matthew?
It took Orion a moment before he spoke: "Why are you asking all these questions about Matthew's love life?"
His voice was heavier, his jaw tenser.
Lemira hesitated: "Just curious, that's all."
Maybe she was overthinking things.
The important thing Matthew wanted to discuss could very well be something else.
Orion's gaze narrowed, "There must be a reason. You don't just ask these questions out of nowhere."
Lemira thought for a moment before saying, "You picked up Matthew's call last night, right?"
"Yeah."
"What did he say?"
Orion's lips tightened: "Nothing much."
"Really?"
"What do you think he would say?"
Lemira paused before responding, "If I knew, why would I be asking you?"
After a brief silence, Orion finally suggested, "If it's nothing, you should get some rest early." "Okay, goodbye."
After hanging up, Lemira decided she needed to hit the gym and get some boxing practice in. If she were stronger, she could have better. defended herself against last night's
swnov!
ordeal and not felt so helpless. 
Soon, Lemira received several calls from sponsors interested in supporting the team base. She knew this was all because of Caspian's interview video going viral; now everyone at school knew she was
the big star's sister. 
The current situation felt as distasteful as eating a burnt pie.
Caspian had done it on purpose.
Looking at the recent expenditures of the team base, they were running low on funds and desperately needed sponsorship.
Then, Orion's call came through, his voice deep: "Running low on cash?"
"It's not me, it's the team. I've had a falling out with Susanna, and the Sinclair family has cut off their sponsorship. They've even asked other companies to stop cooperating with us." 
"The Maple Group could offer sponsorship. Why not just ask?"
Lemira hesitated: "I wanted to see if we could secure sponsorship without relying on connections."
"Business is all about leveraging connections; don't be too idealistic."
Lemira laughed, "Then thank you for the sponsorship, boss."
After hanging up, Lemira had only walked a short distance from her dorm when suddenly, someone sprayed white confetti at her, shouting, "Lemira, you have to drop the lawsuit, let him go!" Shielding herself, Lemira saw they were holding support banners for Alaric, clearly his fans.
She snatched the banners from their hands.
At that moment, Caspian rushed out, standing protectively in front of Lemira.
"Everyone, listen to me. The situation with Alaric is still under investigation and has nothing to do with my sister."
"But we heard it was Lemira who filed the lawsuit. How could a sister be so cruel as to send her own brother to jail?"
"You're mistaken. My sister wouldn't file a lawsuit; she's not that kind of person."
Caspian smiled reassuringly at Lemira, "Right?"
###Chapter 415
Lemira stared at Caspian, almost piecing together the day's drama.
Trying to corner her into not suing, huh?
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk, "Of course, I won't sue."
Caspian's face broke into a satisfied grin, confident in Lemira's wit to say what needed to be said - and what didn't.
Pushing Caspian aside, Lemira retorted, "Because it wasn't me who sued in the first place. Alaric stole trade secrets. It's Maple Group that's suing."
Caspian's smile faded, surprised by Lemira's lack of cooperation.
Lemira crushed a confetti canister under her foot with disdain, casting one last cold glance at the fanboy before walking away.
The fanboy, seeing the crushed canister, didn't dare stop Lemira.
Caspian had his lackeys remove the fanboy, then chased after Lemira. "Hold up, did I say you could leave?"
Caspian was visibly upset. "Evelina apologized last night, and I've already reprimanded Asher. They know they were wrong. I gave you an out just now; what more do you want?"
"I should be the one asking that. The outsiders don't know Asher was involved. Imagine the fallout if that gets out. You think your nominee for Best Actor will stand to gain anything?" Calling him a nominee hit a nerve with Caspian.
Caspian's face turned steel blue with rage. "Lemira, are you threatening me? Grown bold, huh? Not even listening to your brother anymore."
Lemira stood her ground, "I'm saying this for your own good. Don't stir up trouble."
"I just want our family to be at peace. Asher was wrong, and I'll make him apologize. Just tell me what you want for compensation; I can make it happen." Lemira scoffed, "I want you to stay away from me."
After her remark, she walked away, but Caspian, unwilling to let go, followed. "You think your little games will make the media believe you over me, a big star?" "Give it a try."
"Lemira, if you walk away now, your dear class president and roommate won't have it easy."
Lemira stopped, visibly annoyed.
Turning to Caspian, her tone dripping with sarcasm, "Ever since we were kids, have you had any talent other than using threats to get your way?"
"Caspian, dare to repeat that?" His complexion darkened as he grabbed Lemira's wrist tightly.
But Lemira broke free effortlessly, her strength too much for Caspian to contain.
Caspian, taken aback, had always seen Lemira as the obedient one, the one who feared him the most.
Lemira replied coldly, "You can't beat me anymore."
And she wouldn't stand there and take it.
Caspian, with malice in his voice, "Aren't you afraid for those close to you?"
"Mr. Caspian, have you forgotten? The script for the TV show you recently starred in, and the upcoming movie, were written by me. But they carry your and Evelina's names, remember?"
Caspian squinted, "What are you implying? The scripts were a collective effort, not just your achievement."
"You can lie to yourself. But if I share
our chat history and call recordings
about you asking for scripts, your talented nominee for Best Actor facade won't hold." 
"Lemira, you wouldn't dare!"
"If you hurt anyone close to me, let's see if I dare."
With a mocking glint in her eyes, Lemira turned and left the campus, slightly relieved. Caspian indeed cared much about this year's Best Actor award. 
Heading to the gym, Lemira knew she needed to strengthen herself further. Her words would make Caspian wary, but knowing him, he'd seek revenge. But this time, she wouldn't back down.
###Chapter 416
After a few days of peace, Lemira made her way to the team's headquarters, only to discover a film crew had taken over the place. There, under a sunshade, sat Caspian, shades on, exuding his usual arrogance. Just the sight of him soured Lemira's mood instantly. She could almost hear Caspian's smug voice in her head, plotting ways to corner her into submission.
The nerve of that guy, she thought, always lingering like a bad smell.
As soon as Caspian spotted Lemira, he sprang up. "Ah, my dear sister, you've finally graced us with your presence. Fancy a role in the movie? I can make that happen." "I'd rather not. Since when do you have the authority to shoot a movie here, anyway?"
"The school gave its blessing. I've been planning this youth drama about life at Orvin University Team. Think of it as a sweet, coming-of-age story."
Caspian's grin was as infuriating as ever, acting as if their recent quarrel had never happened.
So, this was why it had been so quiet these past few days - he was lying in wait.
"Lemmy, why don't you make a cameo? It'd be a family affair."
Evelina stood nearby, dolled up in a preppy plaid skirt and ponytail, looking every bit the innocent girl.
Lemira's face was a mask of disdain. "Who said we're family?"
Evelina stepped forward, grabbing Lemira's hand. "Lemmy, I know you're still mad at me."
"Get lost!"
Lemira yanked her hand away, sending Evelina dramatically tumbling to the ground.
All eyes turned to them.
Evelina's eyes welled up, ready to play the victim, but Caspian was quick to pull her up, his smile not faltering. "Oh, what happened? Did you trip?" Evelina shrank back. "Lemmy, she pushed me."
"Impossible. Lemira doesn't have the strength to push you over. Must've been your own clumsiness, right?"
Caspian's stare bore into Evelina, a clear warning.
Finally, Evelina nodded, her voice tiny. "I... I tripped on my own."
"That's more like it."
Caspian's smile widened as he turned to Lemira. "See? I'm on your side this time. No more accusations of favoritism, okay?"
Lemira found the whole scene laughable.
Without warning, she slapped Evelina across the face.
Evelina shrieked. "Why would you do that?"
"Why? Do I need a special occasion to smack some sense into you?"
As if Lemira didn't know Evelina's fall was nothing but a charade.
Turning on her heel, Lemira stormed into the headquarters. There was no way she'd play along with their farce.
Outside, Caspian hurriedly had his agents explain to the onlookers that the scene was merely a rehearsal, nothing serious. Evelina, playing the part of the wounded bird, stood beside Caspian. "Caspian, my face is bruised. I can't shoot today." "I understand. We'll take today off. Tomorrow we can continue."
Caspian's tone was soothing. "If your fans or classmates ask about what happened, you know what to say, right?" "I know."
"Good girl. If only Lemira were as obedient as you. Looks like I need to figure out a way to teach her a lesson."
Caspian's voice grew colder.
Evelina seized her chance. "Caspian, if you telkeveryone I'm rehearsing with Lemmy and then she doesn't show up in the film, what then? Maybe we should give her acole." 
"There'd be plenty of chances for revenge," she thought.
"That's a good point."
"But I'm afraid Lemmy won't agree."
Caspian's tone turned imperious. "She won't have a choice."
Soon enough, Lemira received a call from the university administration urging her to comply with Caspian's request and accept a role in the film. 
As the team captain, Lemira found it impossible to refuse.
Unless she was willing to give up her position.
But why should she sacrifice her dreams for the Langstons?
Caspian walked into her office,
looking down at her with a smirket
"I've always said, there are many
way to make someone comply. So, do you yield?" 
###Chapter 417
Lemira was seething with anger.
Her expression icy, she challenged, "You really want me to take on this role? Aren't you scared I'll mess up your precious play?"
"It's fine. After all, you're my sister, and I can put up with a less-than-stellar performance. But what I can't stand is your defiance, always at odds with me." Caspian dropped the script in front of Lemira: "Take a good look at your part. This time, Eve's the star, and you're playing the innocent victim."
"The innocent victim? That should be Evelina's role, not mine. She's the professional."
"Jealous, are we? Fine, call me bro, and I'll swap you into the lead role, making Eve your supporting act. That way, you can't accuse me of playing favorites."
Seeing Caspian's smug expression, Lemira retorted coldly, "If Asher finds out what you're doing, he'll accuse you of being ungrateful, especially after everything Evelina has done for the Langston family." "Asher's just obsessed with appearances. She's just a driver's daughter. How can she compare to you?"
"Don't you see the contradiction in your words?"
Lemira remembered how Caspian used to be quite fond of Evelina.
"Lemira, you've always thought I favored Evelina over you, right? But there's a reason for that. She saved my life."
Evelina saved Caspian's life?
She had no idea. Caspian was always getting into trouble, picking fights, and being cornered by thugs.
One time, Caspian got seriously injured, bloodied and hiding in an alley.
Lemira had rushed out to find help and bumped into Evelina, who was on her way home from school.
After Lemira explained the situation, the thugs caught up and recognized her.
In the moment, Evelina pointed out where Caspian was hiding.
To prevent the thugs from finding Caspian, Lemira had no choice but to run in the opposite direction, drawing them away from him.
She was nearly killed by those thugs but was saved by a patrolling officer.
But when Caspian woke up, he began treating her worse while his kindness towards Evelina grew.
Was it all because of that incident?
Caspian, his anger barely contained, said, "Lemira, it seems you've forgotten, but I remember it clearly."
Back then, he was on the brink of death, and Lemira had abandoned him.
His only sister had left him to die, and it was Evelina who came back to save him.
Evelina told him Lemira had run away in fear.
From that moment, Caspian resented Lemira, showing favoritism towards Evelina and enjoying seeing Lemira ostracized and slandered by everyone else. Only that could ease the bitterness in his heart.
Lemira, her gaze icy, pressed, "And when exactly did Evelina save you?"
"Just that time."
Caspian was interrupted by a knock at the door. "Caspian, someone's looking for you."
Caspian managed to calm himself.
He looked at Lemira, "I don't believe you've forgotten. You're just playing dumb."
"I truly don't remember."
"Please, you wanted to go out for a birthday cake, and our parents died because of it. You're alive and well but forgot everything about the accident, making it impossible to find the real culprit." 
Lemira's face paled, "What do you mean?"
"That driver was just a scapegoat. There had to be someone else in that car, maybe even the one driving. But you've 'forgotten' everything, playing the victim, the amnesiac." 
Lemira stood up abruptly, "I'm not pretending to forget. I genuinely don't remember."
"Ha, Lemira, you accuse us of
favoritism, but you're the reason our parents are dead. You made our lives a misery for years. We didn't kick you out of the house, and you dare say we're biased? Do you think you deserve to?" 
Caspian couldn't stand to say more, leaving in a huff.
He refused to believe Lemira couldn't remember their ordeal, thinking she just didn't want to admit her wrongdoing.
The car accident was the same.
Lemira sat back down, pondering Caspian's words.
But no one had ever spoken to her about that incident in all these years.
###Chapter 418
Was there really someone else in that car during the accident?
Lemira clutched her head, but for the life of her, she couldn't remember what exactly happened during that crash.
After much pondering, she decided to give Lucian a call.
"Lemmy, you're calling me? What's up?" Lucian's voice was filled with surprise.
Lemira hesitated before speaking, "The accident back then... have we really not found the culprit?"
"Why bring this up all of a sudden? Did you remember something?"
"No, but Caspian mentioned that there was more to the accident than meets the eye, right?"
After Lemira's question, the line went silent.
Finally, Lucian spoke, "This isn't something we can clear up in a brief call. Can you come to the hospital?"
"Can't you just tell me over the phone?" Lemira didn't fancy the idea of visiting the hospital.
Lucian's voice carried a plea, "This is important. We need to talk face-to-face. Do you really not want to see me?" He coughed violently, and Lemira could hear doctors and nurses in the background. "Mr. Langston, you can't neglect your meals any longer. You need to eat well."
"Mr. Langston, if this continues, we might have to operate on your stomach."
Listening in, Lemira couldn't quite pinpoint her feelings.
He seemed to be in serious condition, a stark contrast to his past self.
Soon, Hogan took the phone, "Ms. Lemira, he's off for treatment. Can you make it here later?"
Lemira was silent for a while before responding, "I'll see."
She hung up and scrolled through her phone, finding news articles about her recent slap incident, now clarified as a rehearsal gone wrong.
Feeling upset, Lemira left the base through a side door and headed straight to the gym.
Changing into her workout clothes, she was surprised to find a familiar figure at the boxing ring.
"You got time today?" she asked in astonishment.
Orion, in a grey tracksuit, looked youthful and vibrant.
"Just checking if you've been slacking off."
His gaze was gentle as he extended his hand, "Come on."
at him, feeling her
irritatinside. She took his &
and climbed into the ring.
hand
s to en.FindNovel ontent
Putting all her energy into the
sparring session, she realized no et
sw nevei
matter how she attacked, Orion effortlessly dodged every move. 
Exhausted, she collapsed onto the floor, "You liar, you're not an amateur."
Even with her improvements, she still couldn't beat him.
Orion handed her a towel and water, "Don't believe everything a man says."
"You're different," she countered.
Orion looked at her, "I'm still a man."
Glancing at the time, Lemira closed her eyes to rest.
Orion broke the silence, "Got plans after this? You've been checking the time."
"Yeah, I have an appointment."
Hearing this, Orion's hand paused. He asked, without revealing much, "A guy or a girl?" "A guy."
Lemira got up to change, leaving Orion frowning at her departure.
Was it a guy?
After changing, Lemira saw Orion waiting, "Guys are always quick, huh?"
"Where's your meeting? I'll drive you."
He sounded so casual, as if it was on his way.
Lemira didn't argue, "Sure."
As they drove, Orion couldn't help but ask, "Seeing someone?"
Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "No, I'm heading to the hospital."
His eyes narrowed slightly, "To see Lucian?"
"I need to ask him something.
Caspian mentioned earlier today et
that there was more to the accident. There was someone else in that car, and I want to know who." 
Orion slammed on the brakes!
###Chapter 419
Lemira jumped at the sudden stop, glancing at the man beside her. "What's up?" she asked, trying to sound casual yet concerned about the abrupt braking. "Just spaced out for a moment," Orion admitted, his gaze fixed on the car ahead, though his mind was far from present. Could the Langstons have found out?
All the while, Orion wished their journey could stretch out a bit longer. The moment Lemira reached the hospital and found out from Lucian who was in the car responsible for the accident, things between them would never be the same. But the road was clear, not a single traffic jam in sight.
Glancing at the hospital building, Lemira said to Orion, "If you've got things to do, you can go ahead. I'll just catch a cab back."
"I'll wait here," Orion said, his voice heavy, as he braced for the outcome that belonged to him.
Lemira nodded and got out of the car. But then, Orion called out, "Lemira."
She turned back, seeing him struggle to find the words. She walked back to him. "What is it?"
Orion's hands were sweaty with tension. "It's just... no matter what happens in the future, I'll always have your back."
Lemira offered a tight smile. "I know. I'll text you if anything comes up," she said before turning to enter the hospital, leaving Orion to watch her go, his expression a mix of hope and dread. Unable to help himself, Orion lit a cigarette, never before feeling time drag so painfully.
---
Inside the hospital, Lemira found Lucian being coaxed to eat by Hogan. Lucian's face lit up at her arrival. "Lemmy, you're here! Did you eat? I would've had Hogan pick you up if I knew."
"It was a spur-of-the-moment decision," she replied, her tone cool as she focused on Lucian. "I want to know the truth about that car accident."
"Ms. Lemira, could it wait until after the boss eats? His stomach..." Hogan began.
"No need. I'm not hungry. Don't make Lemmy wait," Lucian interrupted, pushing aside his covers to get up.
Lemira noticed the bruising on Lucian's hands from the IV needles and softly suggested, "Maybe you should eat first."
Hogan was pleased. "See, Ms. Lemira is even saying you should eat. You've got to do it for her, at least."
Lucian hesitated but eventually sat back down to eat. Midway, he wiped a tear from his eye. "It's been ages since we had a meal together as a family."
Lucian remembered the family
gatherings where Lemira would
cook, catering to their varied tastes.
But since Lemira's departure, the Langston gatherings ceasedpand Orvin's mansion felt empty 
The room fell silent.
Hogan, seeing Lucian eat, happily told Lemira, "The boss hasn't been eating well lately. Only you can get through to him."
"I'm not that important" Lemira said, sensitive to such remarks.
Hogan quickly apologized, "I didn't mean it like that."
After Lucian finished his meal and Hogan cleared the dishes, Lemira pressed, "Can you tell me now?"
"Look, Lemmy, everything about that night has been investigated. If you haven't remembered, why burden yourself with knowing? That's why we never told you," Lucian explained, echang the family's protective instincts. 
Lemira frowned. "But I'm an adult now, not a child. I have the right to know."
"Alright. Did Caspian tell you there was someone else in the car? From what we know, that person came from a wealthy family, part of the Orvin elite." "And you didn't find out who it was?"
Lucian shook his head. "No. The
road was new, cameras weren't operational, and it was night. Whoever was in that car likely fled under the cover of darkness 
###Chapter 420
"If the person inside the car wasn't driving, then who was?"
It's the driver who's supposed to be at fault for running a red light.
Lucian nodded, "You're not wrong. But the fact that the guy ran away makes me doubt. Why would he run if he wasn't driving?"
Lemira found herself agreeing.
Why run unless you've got something to hide?
Frowning, Lemira said, "But I can't remember anything from that night, and I have no clue if the culprit was the driver. Are you all disappointed in me?"
It was her birthday, and her parents had forgotten to buy a cake.
So, she threw a fit about wanting cake, leading her parents to take a newly opened shortcut to save time, which then led to the accident.
"Indeed, we are disappointed,"
Asher pushed open the hospital room door and entered, followed by Caspian and Alaric.
Lucian's expression changed, "Asher, what are you doing here?"
"Lucky I came, or else how would I know Lemira has the audacity to ask such questions?"
Asher glared at Lemira coldly, "Caspian let it slip, and you think catching the culprit will absolve you? Will it bring our parents back?"
Tears welled up in Lemira's eyes instantly.
Stepping in front of Lemira, Lucian said, "Asher, that's too harsh. She was just a kid; how is any of this her fault?"
"Yeah, Asher, Lemira might be a bit rebellious now, but if we guide her, she'll understand," Caspian chimed in, trying to smooth things over. "No matter what, we can surely teach her."
"Hmph, I can't teach her. She's grown too big for her boots now," Asher retorted with sarcasm.
Caspian looked at Lemira with a half-smile, "You're at fault here. Back then, you made such a big mistake, and we all covered for you, bearing this pain. Asher moved to Orvin to track down the culprit, but what did you do? You nearly bankrupted Asher's company!"
Lemira fought back her tears.
She looked at Caspian, "It wasn't me forcing them into illegal activities. How can that be my fault?"
"I know, it was wrong of Alaric and Evelina. We made Evelina apologize already now it's Alaric's turn. We're a
family ily, should we not stand united in Orvin, find the culprit, and avenge our parents?" 
"I'll handle revenge on my own. I can't decide on suing."
Lemira knew why Caspian was saying all this.
She wouldn't fall for it.
Caspian sighed, turning to Alaric, "Not to blame you, but you believed Evelina's bad ideas. Serves you right for taking the fall." Alaric remained silent.
But Asher was annoyed, "What do you mean by that, Caspian? Evelina is still young, and her father died trying to save our parents. You can't expect Evelina to go to jail, right?" 
en FindNovel
"Asher, you're too prideful. You're already repaying Evelina by treating her well all these years. Don't forget Lemira is our sister. Evelina has been playing us, and she deserves a lesson." 
Caspian had seen the footage, realizing Evelina was that scheming.
If Evelina hadn't saved his life once, he would've kicked her out of the Langston family by now.
Asher frowned, "No, we've already decided to let Alaric take the fall."
Caspian turned back to Alaric, "Say something, man. Bail isn't going to last forever. Speak now or it'll be too late."
Finally, Alaric looked up, meeting Lemira's gaze.
After losing everything, Alaric realized just how grievously he had erred.
Lemira didn't even glance at Alaric, walking straight to the hospital room door.
Asher spoke up, "Actually, I've found a lead on the guy who ran."
"Who is it?"
Lemira's heart sank as she turned around.
"If you want to know the lead, fine. But Alaric can't go to jail. You choose."
###Chapter 421
Lemira stared at Asher, disbelief etched across her face. She hadn't expected him to actually have a lead.
It felt like familiar, recalling how in a past life, Asher had somehow offended a powerful family, nearly bankrupting his company.
Could it be related to this?
Suddenly, Alaric approached her, his eyes brimming with guilt.
In a hoarse voice, he said, "Lemira, remember how I used to take you out to play? I'd walk you to and from school, always stepping in whenever Caspian was too rough on you.
I admit, I had selfish reasons this time. I wanted revenge for the humiliation of losing the game after you left the team.
Now, I've lost everything, my reputation in tatters. Could you maybe, for the sake of our old times, not sue me?"
Lemira wasn't surprised by his plea.
After all the sweet talk, he still wanted her to drop the lawsuit.
Caspian chimed in, "Lemira, Alaric's team is disbanded, and he's paid a hefty sum in damages. He's suffered enough, don't you think?"
Seeing Alaric so humbled before her didn't bring Lemira any satisfaction.
All she wanted was to know who was responsible for the hit-and-run that year.
She wanted them to pay.
Asher pressed on, "Lemira, have you made your decision?"
"I've said it before; it's not up to me. Corporate espionage is a matter for Maple Group to decide."
"But you and Thaddeus are close, right? A little persuasion from you, and he'd agree, wouldn't he?"
Caspian's tone was casual, "Thaddeus, being from a wealthy family, wouldn't sweat the small stuff. As long as Maple Group holds the project, everything else can be worked out."
He knew these situations all too well.
"I'm only friends with Thaddeus."
"Even better, being connected to the Draven family could benefit the Langston family too. Lemira, you're actually the strongest among us now. With you and Asher backing us, we can definitely uncover the truth behind the accident." Lemira glanced at Caspian, "I'll investigate on my own. If you want to reconcile, go talk to Maple Group."
She wouldn't agree privately.
"Hold on, Lemira. Are you really going to protect Maple Group's
interests over finding out what i net
happened in that accident? How can you be so selfish?" 
Asher was livid, "Your choice just now was disappointing, Lemira."
Lemira's lips pressed into a thin line, "My parents would understand my decision."
She refused to be morally blackmailed by Asher.
Asher, red-faced with anger, raised his hand, "Say that again?"
Lucian quickly intervened, "Asher, calm down, man. Don't start swinging."
"Don't hold me back. Did you not hear her? She doesn't care about finding clues to the accident. She doesn't care about our
death! She's cold-bloodedent
Asher was visibly shaken with anger.
Lemira stood her ground, her gaze steady, "Think what you want."
She wanted to know the truth behind her parents' accident more than anyone.
But not at the cost they were suggesting. She could investigate on her own.
Caspian stepped in front of Lemira, "Enough, Asher. It was wrong of you to force her to choose like that."
Lemira coldly interjected, "Move."
She knew Caspian had more to say.
"But about Alaric, you really are in the wrong. He's always looked out for you, especially since you were close in age. He took care of you the most."
Caspian's tone was soft, "Dropping
the lawsuit could be seen as repaying him for all he's done. You want to cut ties, right? It's only fair to settle debts first." 
Settle debts?
She had paid them back long ago.
Wasn't her death in a past life tragic enough?
"Caspian, what are you rambling about? Since when do siblings talk about settling debts?"
Lucian stepped in, looking at Lemira, "You should head back. This isn't something to be decided in haste."
###Chapter 422
Caspian frowned, frustration clear in his tone, "Lucian, don't try to stop me. Be careful, or you might get hurt."
"She's still young; she needs time to think things through. Lemmy, you better hurry up and leave. Drop me a text once you get to school." Lucian stepped in front of Caspian, blocking his way.
Without looking back, Lemira walked away.
Seeing how much thinner Lucian had become, Caspian couldn't bring himself to dismiss Lucian's concerns.
Fine, he thought, he'll give Lemira a day to make up her mind.
As Lemira left the hospital, her mind felt utterly blank.
Wandering the streets alone, she couldn't bring herself to think about anything.
The events of the past were a complete blur to her.
Orion followed her from a distance, too scared to approach.
It wasn't until Lemira had walked quite a way that he couldn't resist honking his horn, "Lemira."
Hearing her name, Lemira stopped and saw Orion.
The moment she saw him, tears streamed down her face.
She was overwhelmed with sadness.
Orion quickly got out of his car and approached her. Lemira immediately hugged him, "Just let me hold you for a moment, just a moment." Orion was stiff, caught off guard.
After a pause, he finally asked, "What's wrong?"
After Lemira let him go and wiped her tears, she said, "Take me home, please."
Once in the car, Orion glanced at her, uncertain but noticing her distressed state.
He chose not to ask, too afraid to press further.
Upon arriving at the apartment, Orion offered, "I'll walk you up."
"No need, you go back. I just want some time alone," Lemira responded, her hand trembling slightly, not wanting to argue.
Back in her apartment, Lemira lay on her bed, her thoughts in turmoil.
The next day, Lemira was woken up by a call.
It was Janice: "You didn't come home last night. Aren't you coming to the morning classes?"
"Nah, I don't feel like it. Can you mark me present?" Lemira replied, her mood somber.
After hanging up, she noticed a notification from an underground network.
Opening the
app, she saw a
message from the admin: [The client was very satisfied with your firewall system and has invited you for a face-to-face meeting. I've sent you the address of their company] 
Lemira recognized the address immediately. Wasn't that the headquarters of Asher's corporation?
She had wondered about the coincidence before.
And now, it seemed, it really was a coincidence.
Lemira immediately replied: [Sorry, I've suddenly decided not to collaborate. I won't be providing the firewall system anymore.] She wasn't going to work with the Langstons.
[May I ask why?] came the reply.
But Lemira didn't respond.
She slept in until the afternoon before finally getting up and heading to school for the team's training session.
As the team captain, she had to oversee their recent progress.
Leaving her apartment, Lemira hailed a cab to school.
Not far away, Orion's car remained parked, surrounded by cigarette butts, a testament to his restless night.
His chin now sported stubble, and he watched Lemira's departing figure, ultimately lacking the courage to follow.
He never imagined he'd be afraid of anything in his life.
---
Upon arriving at school, Lemira headed straight for the team's base.
Unsurprisingly, she found Caspian shooting a film, surrounded by a crowd of fans.
Not wanting to draw attention, Lemira instinctively ducked and tried to enter through a side door.
"Lemmy, you finally made it. Everyone's been waiting just for you," Evelina, with her keen eyes, spotted Lemira and called out loud. Her shout indeed made everyone turn their heads.
Caspian walked towards her with a gentle tone, "I knew you probably didn't sleep well last night, so I didn't call you over early. I'll treat the crew to dinner later; I won't hold it against you for being late." FindNovel
Lemira took a step back, putting distance between them and Caspian. Nobody had informed her about the filming session this afternoon!
"It's not important. Have you decided? Your parents or strangers?" Caspian grasped her wrist tightly, his gaze threatening, "Don't disappoint me.” 
###Chapter 423
Lemira shrugged off Caspian's grip without a second thought, completely disregarding his feelings.
Her voice was ice cold, "But you've let me down too many times."
Caspian, mindful of the surrounding fans, didn't dare retaliate.
But his voice grew colder, "Lemira, when have I ever let you down? Remember when you were bullied as a kid? Wasn't I always the one standing up for you?"
"Standing up for me? More like those troublemakers came after me because of you, all the dangers you brought my way."
Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery, "Spare me the 'protective big brother' act, you're not fit for the role."
With those words, Lemira turned and headed towards the team's headquarters.
Caspian was livid. Not fit?
Back when he was nearly beaten to a pulp, didn't Lemira just run off?
Evelina, noticing Lemira's departure, feigned concern to the fans, "Please, don't get the wrong idea. Lemmy's just been really busy lately, and she's been dealing with some family issues, so she's a bit on edge." Some fans expressed their dissatisfaction, "But Lemira shouldn't be acting all high and mighty, making the team wait on her."
"Yeah, I even saw her snapping at our dear Casp."
Evelina sighed theatrically, "Lemmy's always been like that, quite the temper. Back home, everyone always tiptoes around her."
At that moment, Caspian joined them, "Sorry about that, my sister can be stubborn, not as sweet as Eve here. But she's really talented, so for my sake, please don't hold it against her."
The fans were star-struck as Caspian approached, bursting into excited screams.
After greeting them with a smile, Caspian led Evelina back under the sunshade. Once they were out of the fans' view, his smile faded instantly, "Why did you spout nonsense?"
"Caspian, I was just trying to smooth things over. Lemira's behavior could've reflected badly on you."
"The worse Lemira treats me, the better it is for my image."
Having navigated the entertainment industry for years, Caspian knew how it worked.
He glared at Evelina, "If I catch you playing these little games again, trying to smear Lemira's name, you're out of the Langston family!"
"Caspian, I really didn't mean to."
Caspian gripped Evelina's hand
tightly, lowering his voice, "Do you
think you can fool me with these
tricks? If it weren't for the people around, I'd have set you straight already." en FindNovel
Wincing in pain, Evelina nodded pitifully, "I've learned my lesson, it won't happen again." "There won't be a next time."
Caspian let go of Evelina's hand and immediately switched back to his charming persona, addressing the production team, "My sister Lemira's here, let's move inside the base for the shoot." 
en FindNovel
Evelina stood there, massaging her wrist.
She hadn't expected Caspian to be this tough. After all, when she was first brought into the Langston family, Caspian hardly paid her any attention.
If it weren't for that time Caspian got
hurt and she maliciously insinuated
that Lemira had fled, Caspian
probably wouldn't have given her the
time of day. 
All she needed was to become a famous actress, gain wealth and fame, and then she'd see who would dare look down on her.
And as for that mama's boy Dorian, he'd have to publicly acknowledge their relationship sooner or later.
It was all because of that bidding incident. Thaddeus must have said something to Dorian's mother, forcing Dorian to break up with her.
Dorian was too weak to stand up for himself, so now they had to pretend to break up and keep their relationship a secret.
---
Upon entering the base, Lemira saw the camera setup. This was obviously the location for the next scene.
Janice approached her, concern etched on her face, "You alright? You look pale."
###Chapter 424
"It's fine, how was practice this afternoon?"
"Well, we were supposed to train, but the production team needed us for filming, teaching us all how to coordinate our scenes, so no training today."
Lemira's mood visibly cooled.
Caspian was definitely doing this on purpose. He knew the team had big plans for next year's competitions, and everyone was squeezing practice into their already tight schedules. Their practice time was precious as it was.
Just then, Caspian strolled in: "Everyone ready? Just do what we went over earlier."
Lemira, with a stern face, looked at Caspian: "When will we wrap up?"
"That depends on how well everyone works together, and the actors' performance."
Caspian appeared unfazed, as if the earlier discussion hadn't happened: "If your performance is lacking, it might take longer. We might even have to continue tomorrow."
Lemira felt irritated: "I recall there are only two scenes, one here and another outdoors."
"Correct. You might want to go over your lines now. We'll start with the leads' scenes."
Lemira went back to her office to fetch the script. Having written scripts before, diving into this one wasn't too hard for her.
When she returned to the lobby, Caspian said, "We're starting. You ready?"
"Yeah."
Lemira took her place. Her role was simple, playing the team captain but as an antagonist who looks down on the female lead, only to be proven wrong in the end. Her character was to duel with Evelina's in-game character.
But during their duel, Evelina's character quickly met her demise.
Evelina, looking forlorn, said, "Lemmy, it's just a scene. You gotta pull your punches a bit, or how are we going to film this?"
Caspian calmly intervened: "Let's take it from the top."
Evelina's eyes gleamed with a hint of triumph, finally besting Lemira, at least once.
Regardless, the victor was her.
Lemira, albeit reluctantly, had to go easy, yet Evelina's character still lost.
Lemira, growing impatient, retorted, "How foolish are you? How can you lose like that? How did you ever compete before?" Evelina's eyes welled up: "It wasn't on purpose."
Caspian approached: "Lemira, if
you're not willing to lose to
elmet
shoot today. We'll t "Content belowait
till to
"No, we'll do it today."
Lemira didn't want to waste any more time.
But Caspian shook his head: "Let's all take a short break. I'll talk to her about the scene. After all, my sister is new to this, let's be a bit more understanding." 
No one else had anything to add.
Caspian took Lemira upstairs to the office.
But Lemira was furious: "It's clear Evelina's just not up to par. If I make it too obvious I'm going easy, it'll be clear to everyone. They'll think that's the level of the Orvin University Team." 
This was supposed to be a coming-of-age drama that also promoted the Orvin University Team.
"I know, it's Evelina who's falling short, not you."
Caspian's tone was light, he even grabbed a glass of water to drink.
Lemira eyed him: "So, you're intentionally wasting our time?"
"Exactly."
Caspian's smirk carried a hint of malice, aware of Lemira's eagerness to get the team ready for next year's competitions. Lemira snatched the glass from his hand and tossed it into the trash.
Her voice was cold: "What are you really after?"
Caspian didn't get upset, instead, he casually picked up a napkin from the table and wiped his shirt.
He said calmly: "I'm teaching you a lesson. This is what happens when you don't listen to my advice!"
###Chapter 425
Caspian continued, a hint of complacence in his voice, "Get it now?"
He was sure he could handle Lemira.
But Lemira just laughed, her eyes shimmering with a frosty amusement.
Seeing the smile on her face, Caspian felt a wave of unease. "What's so funny?"
"Are you really that concerned about your little sister?" Lemira teased, sitting back with a smug look. "Why else would you be so desperate to drag me back to the Langston family? Isn't Evelina enough for you?" Caspian's gaze turned icy. "Lemira, I don't appreciate that look."
"Feeling's mutual," she retorted, spinning her chair around. "I remember when you were little, anytime you felt slighted or insulted outside, you'd come home and take it out on me. Who's looking down on you now?" "Lemira, think before you speak. Angering me won't do you any favors. Think of your friends, your team."
"To hell with it!" Lemira stood up abruptly, grabbing Caspian by the collar. "Only a coward takes out his frustrations on his family. After all these years, you're still a coward!"
Caspian knew how to push her buttons.
But she also knew what mattered most to him.
As expected, Caspian was furious, his hand raised to strike, but it hung in mid-air before he reluctantly lowered it.
Lemira's eyes sparkled with defiance. "Go on, hit me. Can't do it, can you?"
Caspian's eyes reddened with suppressed rage. He was indeed powerless against her now.
With a bitter laugh, he warned, "Lemira, I won't resort to violence now, but there are other ways to make your life miserable. Forget about your team training smoothly. You better prepare for a lifetime of looking over your shoulder." Having said his piece, Caspian stormed out of the office.
Lemira, left standing alone, slammed her fist on the desk in frustration.
Janice hurried in, concern written all over her face. "Did you hurt your hand? Did Caspian threaten you?"
Lemira glanced at her hand, a shadow crossing her face. "After our parents died, it was chaos at home. I learned to read my brothers' moods, to please them based on their temperaments."
Janice's eyes welled up with tears. "But you're their sister. How could they treat you this way?"
Lemira lowered her gaze. "They blamed me for our parents' deaths, so I endured. They're used to how things were and now they want me to revert to that." 
She had died once in her previous life.
She wouldn't return to the Langston family, to live that life again.
Looking at Janice, Lemira said, "I might have to leave the base team."
Caspian was relentless, like a rabid dog.
Everyone was training hard for the competition; she couldn't let her presence jeopardize their chance.
Janice's tears fell. "No, we won't let these issues interfere with our training."
A senior team member joined them, "Exactly. We'll adjust our training schedules. I refuse to believe he can keep this up indefinitely."
belongs to en.FindNovel wontent
Lemira, her eyes brimming with tears, apologized, "I'm sorry."
"There's no need. We know what you've been through, how biased your family is. We're a team; we stick together."
Lemira wiped away her tears, determined to find a way to stop Caspian's threats.
She only wanted to live a life far from the Langston family.
But if they refused to leave her in peace, then none would find it.
Descending back to the set, the filming that followed was filled with tension.
Lemira took out her frustration by repeatedly defeating Evelina's character in the game, which somewhat lifted her spirits.
Evelina, on the other hand, seemed more stressed than usual.
Caspian, sensing the shift in mood, finally spoke up, "Let's call it a day. Dinner's on me tonight."
After the crew had left, Caspian turned to Lemira, "Seems like you're not too worried about your team's training being delayed."
"Filming takes time, after all. The one who should be worried isn't me."
Lemira faced him with a calm demeanor, ready to see who would last longer in this stalemate.
Trying to mask his anger with a
veneer of gentleness, Caspian offered, "Let's go have dinner. I've
swnov
picked out your favorite
###Chapter 426
Lemira's lips curled into a chilly smirk. "You're mistaken. The one who fancies that bistro is Evelina, not me." Caspian's face twisted awkwardly. "Must've slipped my mind then, been swamped at work lately."
"If you can't keep it straight, then drop the 'big brother' act, will you? There are no cameras here."
Caspian's expression soured considerably.
Evelina quickly stepped in to smooth things over. "Caspian, Lemmy's just blunt, don't take it so personally."
Seizing the moment, Caspian made his exit from the team's headquarters.
Janice huffed in frustration. "Pretending to be someone they're not. I wish we could just expose him for who he truly is."
"But he's a celebrity. Without undeniable proof, nobody's going to take your word for it."
Especially since Caspian had always played up his 'good guy' persona, her word alone couldn't stand against his army of fans.
Lemira surveyed the group. "Let's start training then. I want to spar with each of you to see our progress."
They trained together until the dorm's curfew, only stopping then.
After a shower back at the dorm, Lemira found a package on her desk.
Recognizing the packaging, she opened it to find a box of pain relief patches.
She snapped a photo, sending it to Orion with a simple, [Got it, thanks.]
Orion, staring at her message, was unsure how to respond.
Her casual demeanor left him guessing.
Thaddeus glanced over. "If Lemon's messaging you, she's obviously not holding a grudge, knowing well it wasn't your car, and not directly your fault." "But she doesn't seem to be in the know."
Orion hesitated, then nodded. "You're right. I have to confront Matthew about trying to sell me out."
After blow-drying her hair, Lemira noticed Orion hadn't replied.
Instead, she found several messages from an underground market contact.
The contact was pressing. [They're really kee
bump on et
on having you, ready to offer. If you've got any
conditions, now's the ti
[It's not about the offer. I'm not interested,] Lemira texted back, unwilling to collaborate with Asher's company.
[Got beef with them?]
[Yes, I do.]
[Then use this chance to make them grovel. They need you; don't waste this opportunity.]
Lemira pondered, then an idea struck her. Asher had clues to her parents' accident. Perhaps, she could trade for that information.
Given Asher's slow progress in gathering bits of the story, it wouldn't be easy on her own.
Despite her reluctance to engage with the Langstons, uncovering the past was crucial for her. "You have a point. I'll see Mr. Langston at the Langston Group first thing tomorrow."
Some matters required a face-to-face discussion.
The next morning, after her classes, Lemira headed straight for the Langston Group.
Backpack slung over her shoulder, she approached the receptionist. "I'm here to see Mr. Langston." "Do you have an appointment?"
The receptionist did a double-take upon seeing Lemira. "You're Lemira?"
With a nod, Lemira confirmed. The receptionist then personally escorted her to the CEO's office.
Asher, looking up to find Lemira, was taken aback. "What brings you here?"
Straight to the point, Lemira said, "I want the information on the person who fled the scene that night."
"It seems you've made your choice, dropping the lawsuit. Should've done so from the start. Seems there's
some decency in you after all, your parents didn't raise you wrong." 
Asher's mood improved significantly, adopting a
condescending tone. "But if you net
want the clues, you'll have to ask
nicely." 
###Chapter 427
Asher's voice carried a hint of smugness, "Looks like the tables have turned."
He still had vivid memories of the incident at Maple Group. Back then, Lemira had the audacity to make him beg her.
Deep down, Asher harbored resentment, and now, it was finally her turn to utter those words.
He wondered how long Lemira could hold out.
With a frosty tone, Lemira retorted, "No, it's still you who's begging."
Asher snorted, "Lemira, I've been patient with you out of respect for our parents. But if you're going to be this clueless, you might as well leave the company. We wouldn't want to upset our folks." Lemira glanced around the office, her eyes landing on the framed motto "Hard Work Pays Off" that her father had once inscribed.
Unmoved, she stated, "But you're the one who sought me out this time."
"Me, seek you out? Don't be ridiculous. Just go, I have work to attend to. Without your firewall code, I can find someone else with the skills to rewrite it."
Asher's tone was laced with derision, "Nothing is irreplaceable."
"That's true, but the person you found was me."
"You? Impossible."
Asher was quick to dispute, skepticism evident in his expression. "The person I contacted is a reliable name in the black market. You, at your young age, famous in the black market?"
Lemira calmly responded, "I initially took on a side gig for some extra cash. After all, writing firewall systems isn't new to me. I know the process well. But only after seeing the company address did I realize it was you, and that's why I declined."
As Lemira finished, Asher's expression soured. The person he had reached out to had indeed turned down the job upon learning the company's address.
Asher, at a loss for words, stared at the documents before him.
Lemira continued, "The first time I entered the black market was when Lucian's tech company faced issues. I thought of teaching myself computer science to help. Lucian found out and forbade me from dealing with the black market ever again." Asher spoke up, "So, you're here to gloat?"
Lemira met his gaze, "Honestly, I don't have the time for that."
"Yet here you are, making sure I realize I can't find anyone trustworthy without you, right?"
Asher adjusted his tie, clearly agitated.
"Mr. Asher let's make a deal. As per our initial agreement, I'll rewrite the
code, and you give meet
information I need." 
Lemira's gaze was steady, "It's a fair trade for you."
"Lemira, what makes you think I'd agree? I can't even trust outsiders, let alone you. Do you know how much trouble your unannounced system breach caused me? 
Asher was not keen on repeating history.
"But your resorting to the black market suggests you couldn't find anyone suitable, doesn't it?"
Lemira stood up, "I'm in no rush. You know how to reach me if you change your mind. If you're concerned about the Langston family finding out wrote the firewall software, we can signa confidentiality agreement." 
Knowing Asher's pride, Lemira was aware he wouldn't want the Langstons to learn he had approached her again.
As Lemira was about to leave, Asher called out.
"Lemira, you'd rather deal with me in this manner than give Alaric a break?"
"It's not about not giving him a break, it's about you and Evelina never giving him one," Lemira shot back, her tone mocking.
Asher, infuriated by her gaze, exploded, "Lemira, dare you say that in front of the legacy our father left?"
"And would you? To tell them the whole story without feeling guilty?" Lemira countered with equal fervor.
"I, at least, am not deluding myself or manipulating others to appear blameless," she declared, walking away without looking back.
###Chapter 428
Asher slammed everything off his desk, his anger making him nearly lose control.
Lemira heard the commotion from outside the office: "Get back here!"
A small smirk played at the corner of Lemira's lips. She knew Asher couldn't keep up the fa?ade for long.
After all, an outsider might betray Langston Enterprises' corporate secrets, but she had no reason to. The company was her parents' legacy, a branch they started from scratch. Lemira returned to her office.
The secretary quickly prepared the contract, and without a second glance, Lemira signed it.
She handed over the contract: "Where's the lead?"
Asher, with a stern face, said, "I thought you were just cold-hearted, not interested in finding the person who fled all those years ago."
Lemira quirked an eyebrow: "Don't waste time."
"It's taken me years to find even a sliver of a clue, and it's linked to the Sinclair family."
"The Sinclair family? Susanna's clan?"
Asher nodded: "Exactly."
Lemira thought about the Sinclair family's protective stance towards Susanna. It seemed likely that the person behind the wheel that fateful night was someone from the Sinclair family, using a scapegoat driver to cover it up. "Lemira, even if you know, you can't investigate this alone. You're too vulnerable by yourself."
Lemira's response dripped with sarcasm: "I'm so vulnerable, yet here you are, wanting to team up with me."
Seeing Asher's face darken, Lemira felt a surge of satisfaction and left the corporation behind.
She hadn't expected the Sinclair family to be involved, realizing she needed a plan to dig deeper into their activities around Lyria back in the day.
Lemira returned to the school's team base.
The film crew was still there, though the crowd had thinned.
"Lemira, you're late again," Caspian remarked, sitting relaxed under a parasol, "Even though you're my sister, making everyone wait isn't right."
Evelina chimed in with a grin, "Yeah, Lemmy, we're only waiting on your scenes now."
Lemira's tone was icy: "I guess I'm not in a hurry."
"Lemira!" Caspian exclaimed.
"I'm not your sister; I deserve some respect. The team has training later, no time for filming."
With that, Lemira walked off, indifferent to Caspian's frustrated look.
If she wasn't in a rush, the pressure was on them, not her.
Caspian liked playing the doting brother in public, so she'd let him deal with the mess. Once he couldn't stand it anymore, he'd stop making things difficult. 
Upon returning to her office, Caspian stormed in.
"Lemira, are you doing this on purpose?"
"Absolutely," she smirked, "Anyway, it's not my time that's being wasted."
"Clever girl Caspian snapped, don't think you've won. We're
shooti
the outdoor scenes
tonight. You can't have training then, can you?" 
"Sure, that works."
Lemira agreed readily, tired of the back-and-forth with Caspian. Her time was too precious to waste. Caspian left in a huff.
Janice entered with a smile: "Guess he won't be dragging his feet anymore, huh?"
"Probably. Caspian's too proud to keep this up," Lemira replied.
"But I don't think he'll give up easily. You should plan ahead, so he can't keep using this against you."
Lemira nodded: "I've got enough dirt on him to ruin his reputation and cost him the Actor of the Year award."
As she finished, she noticed the door was slightly ajar.
"Who's there?"
Silence. Janice checked: "No one."
Evelina, hiding around the corner,
glanced at her phone where
recorded their conversae at
look on her f
If Caspian heard this, he'd surely come down hard on Lemira.
Lemira, you've brought this on yourself.
###Chapter 429
Lemira glanced outside the door, a thought suddenly crossing her mind.
Maybe it was time to put an end to all of this.
She knew Caspian too well. If she kept refusing to admit her mistakes, this would never end. Now that she had gotten the clue from Asher, there was no need to tread lightly anymore.
That night, they were shooting a nighttime scene.
The location was an abandoned building, capturing a moment where the antagonist lures the protagonist into danger, only for the hero to save her in the nick of time. After wrapping up the shoot, Lemira waited on the side to remove her makeup, but the makeup artist seemed to ignore her completely.
She could feel the cast and crew's disdain toward her.
No doubt Evelina had been spreading rumors and tarnishing her image, but Lemira didn't care. She wasn't interested in the showbiz world anyway.
As everyone began to leave the set, Lemira had no choice but to grab some makeup remover and cleanse her face herself before leaving the building. "Lemira, stop right there!"
Caspian's face was livid as he approached her, his gaze dark and ominous. "I heard you've been collecting dirt on me, planning to expose me and ruin my reputation?" Seeing the taser in Caspian's hand, Lemira took a few cautious steps back.
"Who told you that?"
"It doesn't matter who told me. What matters is that I'm going to teach you a lesson today. You better not run, or you're dead."
Without a second thought, Lemira turned and ran.
Caspian wasn't alone; he had ten tattooed men with him.
Most of the crew had already left the abandoned building, leaving no one to help.
"Lemira, you can't escape. Just come and apologize, and I might go easy on you."
"But if you keep running, don't blame me for what happens next."
After running for a while, Lemira found herself surrounded by the tattooed men.
She turned to face the approaching Caspian. Seems like you haven't changed, Caspian. Always resorting to violence when things don't go your way." 
"When you were a kid, I had to discipline you for your own good."
Caspian, holding the taser, slowly approached Lemira.
His smile was chilling. "Why aren't you running now?"
Lemira's voice was steady, "You're a big star now. Aren't you afraid of losing it all?" "As long as what you know doesn't get out, I'll never lose anything."
Caspian stood in front of Lemira. "I'm doing this for your own good You've caused too much trouble while I was away. Admit you were wrong." 
"I did nothing wrong."
As soon as Lemira finished speaking, Caspian struck her with the taser.
Lemira fell to the ground, clutching her arm, looking up at Caspian approaching. "They were the ones breaking the law, not me." "Lemira, you always think the family is against you, but look at what you've done."
"All I know
and was top of my class,
and yet you forced me to stay ande attend a local college. Is this your idea of looking out for me?"
belongs to en.kikistotent
Lemira glared at Caspian. "If that's your idea of care, you can keep it."
"You still dare to talk back? Family doesn't keep score like this. You clearly need a lesson."
Caspian didn't hesitate to strike again.
He had been waiting for this moment for too long.
Lemira raised her hands to protect herself, her voice breaking into a sob, "Caspian, please stop. It hurts."
"Feeling the pain now? It's too late, Lemira. Weren't you defiant before?"
"Caspian, I'll do whatever you say. I can drop out of Orvin University and come back home. I'll listen to you from now on."
Lemira lay on the ground, her hands protecting her head, begging for mercy.
Hearing Lemira's pleas, Caspian felt a surge of exhilaration.
###Chapter 430
He always said there was no such thing as a sister who couldn't be taught a lesson, just like when they were kids, a good spanking would set her straight.
Caspian stopped in his tracks, squatting down in front of Lemira: "See, I warned you so many times not to mess with me. But you wouldn't listen, now you feel painful, huh?" Lemira, holding her face, continued to sob softly.
Caspian's lips curled into a slight smile, his voice soft, "Stop crying, I was just giving you a lesson, wouldn't actually kill you. You're my only sister, after all."
Suddenly, Lemira moved her hands away, revealing a face untouched by tears.
She looked up at Caspian with a brilliant smile.
Caspian, feeling a chill run down his spine at the sight of Lemira's smile, had a bad feeling.
He frowned, asking, "What are you smiling about? Not had enough yet?"
At that moment, Evelina, scrambling up the stairs, out of breath, exclaimed, "Caspian, the video, she recorded everything."
Caspian's face went pale upon hearing this.
He glanced down at Lemira, snatching the hidden camera from her collar and stomping it to pieces.
Caspian, with veins of red in his eyes, hissed, "You dared to set me up! Lemira, how dare you!"
Lemira shoved Caspian's hand away, "The one who's done for is you, not me."
"Ha, the video you recorded is gone. What will you use to blackmail me?"
Caspian calmed down and stomped on the camera again, bending over to look for the memory card. Evelina, tears in her eyes, panicked, "Caspian, she was live streaming, so many people have seen it."
Destroying the camera was pointless now.
"What, live streaming?"
Caspian turned ashen, incredulous.
He then pulled out his phone, bombarded with calls from agents and a message warning him about Lemira's live stream.
But he had silenced his phone earlier to teach Lemira a lesson without interruptions.
He missed the warning.
Caspian's hands trembled, overwhelmed by a wave of dread.
With Lemira's following, the live stream must have gone viral.
Caspian broke out in a cold sweat, never having been so scared in his life.
He was finished.
He knew the industry rules better than anyone; such negative publicity was career-ending. Lemira slowly got up from the ground, wincing as she accidentally pulled at her wounds.
For the sake of realism, she had indeed taken a few hits.
But Orion had taught her self-defense, how to protect herself in these situations, and minimize injury.
Lemira looked up at Caspian, drenched in sweat, "How was my acting?"
"Lemira, have you lost your mind? How does ruining me benefit you?" Caspian's voice shook with emotion.
Evelina rushed over, accusing, "Lemira, Caspian has always been
so good to you, protecting ce
childhood, and you want to
QUMS
him?" 
If Caspian's career fell apart, what about all the promises he made to her?
Lemira, that wretch, daring to expose everything on a live stream.
Lemira, seeing the two in despair, couldn't help but laugh, "Evelina, since you think he's been so good to me, why don't you take a few hits and see?" 
Evelina instinctively shrank back, "I've always been obedient to Caspian."
Caspian approached Lemira incredulously, eyes reddening, "Lemira, this is the second time. The first time when we were kids, you nearly got me killed, and now again?" 
"Second time? Then tell me, when was the first?"
###Chapter 431
Lemira glared at Caspian across the room, their eyes locking like sworn enemies. Caspian sneered, "You might have forgotten, but it's etched in my memory forever."
"Because I've done nothing wrong, my conscience is clear!" Lemira was adamant. She had always been compliant with Caspian, never once defying her brother. How could she possibly have betrayed him?
Evelina, overhearing the conversation, panicked. She couldn't let Caspian spill the beans. What would she do then?
Rushing over, Evelina grabbed Caspian's arm. "Caspian, this isn't the time to hash this out. We need to figure out how to smooth this over. It's all over social media."
Caspian couldn't afford a scandal, not until Evelina had successfully infiltrated the entertainment world.
"You're right," Caspian conceded. The immediate issue was to manage the crisis.
He immediately called his agent. "Hire the best PR firm around, ASAP. We need to handle this now."
The agent was frantic. "I've already got the Everhart family's top PR firm on it. They'll be here any minute. I'm sure they'll sort this out quickly."
"We'll just say Lemira and I were rehearsing a scene. The live stream was just an early surprise we planned for the fans," Caspian explained, his gaze then turning icy as he looked at Lemira. "You think your little trick will work? Dream on." Evelina was elated. "Exactly, just say it was a rehearsal. After all, Lemira being a newbie and you, Caspian, giving her private lessons is totally plausible."
That would cover their tracks.
After hanging up, Caspian menacingly turned to Lemira. "Now that we're off-air, how do you suppose I repay you for this 'gift'?"
Evelina suggested, "Maybe just a small lesson, Caspian. But don't go too far; we don't want to have to explain serious injuries to the media."
Worried Caspian might lose his temper and go overboard, Evelina knew if Lemira got seriously hurt, explaining it as just a rehearsal gone wrong to the media would be impossible.
Caspian shoved Evelina aside, his anger palpable. "Since when do you give orders?"
Evelina crashed to the floor, wincing in pain. Caspian was unpredictable, a loose cannon. Approaching Lemira with a chilling glare, he hissed, "Choose your fate."
Lemira
and a swift kick, sending kick, sending Caspian flying. She wasn't about to
ck back with a punch
wait
around and be a victim.
After being kicked, Caspian's face twisted in pain. "Grab her! Lemira, you've done it now. You've really pissed me off."
Lemira pulled out pepper spray from her bag, spraying it at the approaching thugs.
Soon, police sirens wailed outside.
Caspian sat up quickly. "You called the cops?"
Lemira was surprised herself, she hadn't had the chance to call them, but she wasn't about to admit that. "Now, you might want to think about how you're going to explain this to them." 
Realizing the gravity of the situation too late, Caspian should have left earlier to avoid the police blockade.
He grabbed Evelina's hand. "Stall them for me, will you?"
"I got it, Caspian. Just go."
The last thing Evelina wanted was for Caspian to get into trouble.
Helped up by his thugs, Caspian limped away, but not before
won't be so gentle next tim
eatening Lemira, "This isn't over. I
Lemira retorted with a cold laugh, "Same goes for you."
swnovel
Watching Caspian retreat, she finally allowed herself to sit, feeling the pain ripple through her. "Damn, that hurts."
Seeing Caspian trying to sneak away, she pointed him out to the incoming officers. "He's over there, trying to get away."
Caspian and his thugs took an alternate route, only to accidentally tumble into an abandoned sewer.
Hearing Caspian's screams, Lemira felt a wave of relief, her own pain momentarily forgotten.
###Chapter 432
"It's true what they say about karma," Lemira mused, her gaze lifting to the night sky at the sound of helicopter blades cutting through the air above the abandoned factory. Orion, with his usual stern expression, descended from the helicopter, an aura of vengeance about him.
Thaddeus followed, issuing orders, "Split up and search."
Hearing footsteps above, Lemira worried it wasn't the cops, deciding to head downstairs first. Yet, as she approached the stairwell, she found herself surrounded.
Orion, leading the pack, noticed Lemira's battered state, his eyes narrowing in concern. He quickened his pace towards her, his voice hoarse with worry, "Why didn't you call?"
It was only through her live stream notification that he'd pieced together what had happened.
Lemira offered a weak smile, "It all happened so fast."
She had suspected Evelina was eavesdropping but didn't want to alert Caspian, who was overly cautious about surveillance-she had only one shot at this.
"I'm taking you to the hospital," Orion declared, his emotions choked back as he scooped Lemira into his arms.
"Let's hit the precinct first, the media should be swarming by now," she insisted, pushing away from his embrace, "Don't worry, it's mostly superficial. I remembered how to avoid the vital spots, just like you taught me." Orion's concern deepened at the sight of her swollen arm, "Lemira, why don't you take better care of yourself?"
She shrugged off his concern, determined to make her move against Caspian. Limping forward, Orion supported her, cautioning her to watch her step with a hint of irritation in his voice.
"Could you maybe not say something so morbid?"
Thaddeus lit their path with a flashlight as they exited the building, where police immediately approached, "You should get to the hospital first."
"I need to document my injuries," Lemira stated flatly.
Orion frowned, "Then it's to the hospital we go."
Noticing the absence of media, Lemira felt a twinge of disappointment.
Orion, taking charge, assured her, "If you're aiming to use the media to spotlight this, we'll arrange it after the hospital. That's your priority now, got it?" 
Lemira nodded in agreement.
That's when Evelina approached, her expression twisted in disdain, "You're only going to make the Langston family despise you more. I never thought you'd be so ruthless.
you Caspian's sister?"
Evelina was panicking, aware that Caspian was cornered.
Staring her down, Lemira turned to the officers, "She's involved. She's me
been stirring trouble between and Caspian, encouraging him to harm me." 
"Evelina, you're spouting nonsense!" Evelina's voice rose in desperation.
Yet, the police took Evelina away as she screamed threats about Asher coming to her rescue.
Lemira smirked, doubting Asher's loyalty in the face of his own interests.
Soon, Caspian and his tattooed thugs were escorted out in handcuffs, Caspian severely injured and bloodied on a stretcher.
Approaching him, Lemira was taken aback by the extent of his injuries.
"Enjoying the view, Lemira?" Caspian sneered, "If my face is ruined, I swear it's war between us!"
###Chapter 433
Lemira effortlessly shrugged off Caspian's grip.
With a deliberate slowness, she said, "Wasn't it you who fell and got hurt? Did I push you?" "It's all because of you!" Caspian roared back, the pain from his wound making him shiver. "Ouch, Caspian, what's up? Don't get all worked up; it'll only make the cut on your face worse." Lemira's hand pressed on Caspian's arm, a smirk playing on her lips. "Does it hurt? Good."
Caspian was in too much pain to utter a word, his face pale as a ghost.
His eyes, bloodshot, he seethed, "Lemira, I'll kill you, I swear I'll kill you!"
Everything he had was ruined by Lemira.
Yet, Lemira only pressed harder, causing Caspian to break out in a cold sweat, his mouth firmly shut.
In a panic, Caspian's manager rushed over. "Ms. Langston, you're pressing on his wound. Are you trying to kill him?"
"Let's get one thing straight, the person wanting to kill me is him, my own brother, and now the whole internet has seen it."
Only then did Lemira let go, turning to walk towards the car.
Caspian's manager was frantic. "We need to get him to the hospital fast. What if something happens to his face? Can you handle that responsibility?" Thaddeus glanced at the message from Orion: [Block the ambulance!]
With a gesture, he ordered a line of cars to stop right in front of the ambulance, making it impossible to pass.
"Sorry, the car just broke down. We'll let you through once it's fixed," Thaddeus drawled, leaning against his car.
The manager saw Thaddeus but dared not flare up, knowing it was a battle he couldn't win.
Evelina was beside herself with worry. "There was a helicopter just now."
Thaddeus clicked his tongue. "That helicopter was for finding Lemira, not for any Tom, D***, or Harry. And I'm certainly not as naive as you." Evelina's face turned beet red with anger. "Mr. Draven, how could you say that? Dorian is my boyfriend, and he has never spoken ill of you." Hoping to persuade Thaddeus with Dorian's name.
"We broke up, didn't we? My sister Edith would never approve of someone like you, so drop the idea."
After Thaddeus finished, the manager pleaded, "Mr. Draven, this is a matter of life and death. Can you please make way?"
"It's not that I won't let you through;
I
it's just the car's broken down,"
Thaddeus retorted coldly. "The Langstons are quite the bunch, aren't they? Mess with Lemira and think you can get away scot free? Just wait, this isn't over." 
Orion looked furious enough to kill.
Turning, Thaddeus got into his car, no longer engaging with anyone.
The manager realized the deep connection between Lemira and Thaddeus. Battling the Dravens was a lost cause. Evelina, shivering on the side, now faced the police.
Damn Lemira.
She quickly called Asher, her voice quivering with tears. "Asher, there's been an accident. Caspian and Lemmy were shooting outside, and somehow they started fighting Lemmy even livestreamed it, making Caspian fall and seriously injure himself. What do we do now?"
"I'm on a business trip, catching the
next flight home. Contact Lucian for me, never mind. Take care of Caspian, I'll be back as soon as possible." 
After hanging up, Evelina's demeanor chilled. She couldn't let Lemira ruin Caspian.
She still needed him to make her way into the entertainment industry.
---
Orion drove, glancing at Lemira as she got into the car. He hadn't stopped her from confronting Caspian.
Leaning back, Lemira checked her phone to see the livestream had blown up.
She chuckled, noticing a call from the head of PixelStage, asking if she was okay or needed to call the police.
After replying, she accidentally touched her arm wound, wincing in pain.
Orion looked concerned. "Does it hurt much? We're almost at the hospital."
"Yeah, it didn't at first, but now it's getting worse."
Catching a glimpse of Orion's stern face, Lemira instinctively asked, "Are you mad?"
"Can't you tell?" Orion replied, his tone harsh. "Why use such a foolish method? What if Caspian had seriously hurt you? What would I do then?"
###Chapter 434
Lemira's expression froze for a moment as she stared blankly at him.
Her gaze fluttered slightly before she looked down and whispered, "I'm fine, aren't I?"
"What if you weren't? Didn't I tell you to call me for anything? I can take care of anything for you!" Orion's voice grew louder with frustration.
The memory of hearing Lemira's desperate cries for help during a livestream haunted him. In that moment, he had felt a murderous rage.
And yet, it turned out she was just playing a dangerous game.
Lemira glanced down at the scrape on her knee, murmuring, "Even as friends, I can't bother you with everything."
The last sponsorship for the team had also come from Maple Group.
She couldn't always depend on Orion. She had to handle her dealings with the Langston family on her own, not wanting to drag her friends into her mess. Especially given Caspian's temperament, provoking him would only lead to relentless backlash.
Orion's car halted at a red light, and he turned his head, his gaze dark and deep.
"Do you really see us just as friends?" he asked, breaking the silence.
Lemira's grip tightened on her pants as she struggled to find her voice, "What else would we be?"
Orion rested his hand on the steering wheel, his look intense, "If you can't protect yourself, then I'll do it. Stay by my side, and nobody will dare to mess with you." Lemira's heartbeat raced.
She could feel her cheeks flushing.
Just as she was about to respond, a honk from behind urged them forward, "The light's green."
Orion drove off, leaving a heavy silence in the car.
Lemira stared ahead, her thoughts in turmoil.
What did his words really mean? Or was she reading too much into it?
Soon, they arrived at a hospital.
Lemira noted, "Isn't this the upscale clinic you came to last time?"
It was known as a place for the affluent.
Orion, with a stern face, said, "Get out."
Reluctantly, Lemira stepped out, and the medical staff were already waiting.
She was immediately seated in a wheelchair and whisked inside.
She looked back at Orion, who was talking to a doctor, noticing the respectful demeanor of the medical staff towards him.
Orion watched Lemira being taken for examination, instructing coldly "Be thorough with the checkup and be gentle with the disinfection, she's sensitive to pain." 
The doctor quickly assured, "Mr. Everhart, rest assured, we'll take the utmost care." Orion leaned against his car, lighting a cigarette, trying to calm his nerves.
Lemira's examination ended quickly. Sitting uncomfortably in the wheelchair-since she wasn't seriously injured-she attempted to stand but was gently pushed back down. 
en FindNovel
Orion wheeled Lemira into a private room, his gaze stern, "Just stay here."
Feeling intimidated, Lemira murmured, "I'm a bit hungry."
"Wait here."
Orion left the room, and Lemira, watching his departing figure, felt a strange comfort.
Pulling out her phone, she saw messages from Janice and squad leader Jessica.
As she was about to reply, the door swung open, and three impeccably dressed individuals entered.
The woman leading them, adorned in designer brands, approached Lemira offering a business card, "Hello, Ms. Langston, I'm the manager from TG Group." Lemira didn't accept the card, "What does a PR firm want with me?"
"Ms. Langston, perhaps you're not
familiar with TG Group? We're the top PR team under the Everhart family's umbrella. There's no reputation we can't salvage. What would it take for you to agree to
release a statement claiming that
the recent livestream was ist a
rehearsal?" 
Lemira scoffed, "There's nothing you can offer that would make me agree. I want Caspian's downfall."
"This meeting is your opportunity. Any backlash will only affect you."
Before she could finish, the door was kicked open.
Orion stood in the doorway, holding a meal tray, his expression icy.
###Chapter 435
Orion stood at the doorway, looking like the Grim Reaper himself.
The folks from TG Group were completely taken aback at the sight of him.
What was the Everhart heir doing here?
The woman leading the group was especially flustered.
Orion's face was a stormy shade of gray: "Get out!"
The woman hurriedly tried to explain, "We're here on business, dealing with..."
Orion's hand whipped back, hurling a mug from the table at them: "Get out, don't make me say it a third time!"
The woman, unwilling to give up just yet, attempted to speak again when her colleague grabbed her: "Let's go."
Didn't they see Mr. Everhart's furious expression?
Lemira, noticing his mood, quickly said to the woman, "Whatever manager you are, I don't care who's backing TG Group, but I absolutely won't cooperate with any statement you're planning." The woman looked at Lemira in surprise: "Don't you know who he is..."
Orion's cold gaze swept towards the woman, filled with warning.
The woman was dragged out by her colleagues, knowing if they stayed any longer, they'd probably be resigning from their jobs at the personnel department tomorrow.
Lemira glanced at the departing trio: "They must be the PR team hired by Caspian, heard they're quite formidable. Having the Everhart family as their backing." "Don't worry about it, TG won't be taking this case."
Orion's tone was firm as he laid out some food on the table: "Eat something."
Lemira glanced at him cautiously: "You mean, reach out to Matthew?"
She knew Orion was on good terms with both Thaddeus and Matthew, maybe they could pull some strings.
She faced Orion: "I have an idea."
Orion handed her the utensils: "Let's hear it."
"I could hire TG Group as my PR team, paying them as agreed, so as not to put Matthew in a tough spot, what do you think?"
Orion looked at her deeply: "Eat first."
"You don't think it's a good idea?"
"I'll contact Matthew, you eat something first."
Lemira then began to eat, her right hand injured, making it difficult to use her left.
She found it hard to pick up food, often dropping it.
"Clumsy, now you realize it's inconvenient?"
Orion took the food container, feeding her himself.
Lemira paused: "Could you possibly lower yourself a bit? You make
like you're feeding a pet elnet
t belongs to
"Quite the list of demands."
Though Orion said this, he still crouched in front of Lemira.
She glanced at the man before her, her gaze darting away.
After a few bites, Lemira shook her head: "I can't eat anymore." "Rest well."
"But I saw the TG Group people haven't left."
Lemira had noticed the trio still outside, likely not leaving without a fuss.
Orion calmly passed her a napkin: "I'll handle it, you rest."
"But..."
"Lemira, how about trying to rely on me for once?"
His gaze was intense, overwhelming Lemira.
She coughed, turning her head: "But I can't always depend on you."
"Why not?"
His tone made Lemira's heart her eyes questioning Orion: "But you belongs to
said
"Contenutter
Swi
He had encouraged her to make new friends at college, to start a new life.
Orion looked at the girl, covered in bruises: "But now, I regret it."
He couldn't bear the thought of seeing
alone in an abandonedet
building, crying and hurt like today. 
Lemira's cheeks warmed considerably: "Are you confessing to me?"
She wasn't naive, sensing a change in Orion's attitude over time.
Orion flicked her forehead: "I thought you didn't get it?"
He stood up: "I just thought you were too young, but now, I can wait."
He couldn't stand to witness today's events ever again.
Lemira blurted out: "You don't have to wait."
She spoke, feeling her face burning.
Orion's lips curved slightly: "At least wait until I deal with the people outside."
###Chapter 436
Lemira watched him leave, touching her face, feeling like everything had happened too suddenly. Was she dreaming, or was she still not fully awake? Outside the hospital room, Orion walked out with a stern face, glancing at the three people in front of him. "TG Group, right?"
The leading woman quickly nodded in respect, "Mr. Everhart, I'm the manager, just now..."
"You now have two choices," Orion said, his expression and gaze cold and distant.
"First option: resign and leave Orvin."
All three spoke in unison, "We choose the second option."
Orion glanced back at the girl in the hospital room, who was sitting on the bed, scrolling through her phone.
"Then, from today on, you're her PR team and personal assistants, in charge of handling all her affairs, big or small."
The leading woman was stunned. Was this a promotion?
They had heard rumors about Orion having a girl he liked who was involved in a car accident with him, but all news was suppressed.
Was this the girl?
Considering the circumstances, she might very well be the future young Mrs. Everhart.
Was this a blessing in disguise?
After dealing with the three individuals, Orion immediately called Thaddeus, "I remember your aunt is married to a media mogul. I need to ask her for a favor."
"I know what you're going to say, and I've already spoken to my aunt. This time, we'll make sure Caspian is finished. But why bother? Dealing with someone like Caspian should be easy, right?" "But that's not what Lemira wants."
Orion had numerous ways to ensure Caspian could never recover, but that wasn't the outcome Lemira desired.
Everything Lemira had been given since childhood wasn't what she wanted.
He didn't want to continue that pattern; he wanted her to live life on her own terms, without excessive interference.
Thaddeus sighed, "Fine, stop
showing off your relationship. That
Caspian kid was just airlifted away
by his agent. But with all this delay, he's got enough on his plate
en FindNovel
wn
Thaddeus looked up at the night sky, knowing there was much to do.
Caspian was rushed to the hospita for emergency treatment, causing chaos outside as the media
swarmed, eager to uncover the story behind the incident. 
Lucian, despite being ill, made his way to the hospital, just in time to see Caspian wheeled out, his face visibly scarred.
"How did it get so bad?" Lucian asked anxiously.
Evelina, tearfully, replied, "I don't know. By the time I got here, it was already like this."
Evelina was genuinely crying because if Caspian was disfigured, his future career would be over.
Nowadays, who didn't rely on their looks for work?
If his career was over, what would she do?
Lucian, growing impatient, said, "Stop crying. What exactly happened during the live stream? I don't believe you know nothing about it."
Lucian didn't trust Evelina's words, especially when Lemira was involved.
Evelina stuttered, "I really don't know. Caspian and Lemira always had conflicts. He wanted to convince Lemira to drop the charges, to keep our family together. Probably, Lemira refused, leading to the conflict." 
Lucian pressed on, "You're still not telling the truth. Caspian wouldn't lash out without reason."
Spotting Asher's return, Evelina fell to the ground, "Lucian, I really don't know."
Asher rushed in to help Evelina up, "Lucian, why are you interrogating Eve? She's not the one who attacked, it was Lemira!" "Asher, you can't be so biased."
"I'm being fair. Lemira, she even livestreamed it, trying to ruin Caspian. Let her come here herself!"
Asher believed the whole situation was Lemira's fault, "Alaric was already ruined, I can't let Caspian be destroyed by Lemira too!"
###Chapter 437
Lucian gave a wry smile, "She's been rushed to the hospital."
Asher's voice suddenly softened, his expression slightly uneasy, "What, she got hurt too?"
"Asher, you know how Caspian loses his temper. If he throws a punch, how could Lemmy not get hurt?"
Lucian was angry, "Asher, from the beginning till now, you haven't shown any concern for Lemmy. She's our sister too!"
Especially since the livestream showed it was Caspian who started the fight.
Asher quickly defended, "But Lemmy can hold her own in a fight. When those two go at it, it's hard to tell who'll come out on top."
Evelina chimed in, "Asher, Lemmy just got some bruises, but Caspian's face took a serious hit. It's pretty bad, his face is all messed up. Fixing that might be tough. What's he going to do now?" "His face is messed up?"
Asher couldn't believe Caspian's face was ruined.
After all, looks are a big deal in showbiz. A ruined face could mean a ruined career.
It was then Asher approached the unconscious Caspian, seeing the scars on his face, he fell silent.
He turned to Lucian, furious, "Didn't you see the marks on Caspian's face? Why are you still defending Lemira?"
"Asher, I saw Caspian's injuries, but I'm sure Lemmy had nothing to do with it."
"How could this not involve Lemmy with such a big scene on the livestream?"
Lucian replied, somewhat helplessly, "But wasn't this whole mess started by Caspian himself?" He coughed as he got too worked up.
Asher, fuming but not wanting to argue further, thought about how his siblings had ended up like this, all seemingly connected to Lemira.
At that moment, a police officer walked in, "Mr. Caspian hasn't woken up yet? We'll need to take his statement soon."
Asher frowned, "My brother is innocent. That livestream was a setup by my sister, aiming to ruin my brother."
"Sir, we'll investigate and find out what truly happened."
"Don't you see the state my brother is in? Lemira has just a few scratches. Can't you tell who suffered more?"
Asher struggled to contain his anger.
"We understand that Mr. Caspian was injured falling into a pit at a construction site while running away, which is unrelated to the victim Lemira." After the police explained, Asher was incredulous, "Really? It has nothing to do with Lemira?"
But that's not what Evelina told him.
Asher glanced at Evelina, who quickly clarified, "Asher, it was dark and chaotic, I didn't notice how Caspian got injured."
Lucian scoffed, "Asher, Evelina often
lies. You believe her without
vol.ne
question, yet you doubt our own sisted Lemira is innocent. How is that fair to our parents?"
"I've done nothing wrong by our parents. When our family faced financial trouble, I was the one who took care of you all." Asher was on the verge of breaking down.
Evelina tried to explain, "Lucian, I wasn't at the scene. By the time b realized the police were involved, it was already too late. Seeing Caspian being carried out like that, I thought it was related to Lemira."
Lucian pressed on, "If you saw nothing, why spread misleading information to Asher, making him believe Lemira caused Caspian's injuries?" Evelina took a step back, guilt in her eyes, "I didn't."
"Every time there's conflict, you blur
the truth, casting Lemira in a bad light. The Langston family siblings being at odds, you're always stirring the pot We should've never brought
you into the Langston fav
###Chapter 438
Lucian was getting angrier by the second.
Asher stepped right in front of Evelina, blocking her from Lucian's tirade. "Lucian, that's way out of line. Eve's dad died trying to save our parents. We owe it to her to take care of her." "Yeah, and I was nice to Evelina before, but it turns out she's just an ungrateful snake!"
Lucian really regretted letting the fox into the henhouse.
He never should have agreed to Asher's idea of bringing Evelina back to the Langston household.
Evelina, hiding behind Asher, said with a quivering voice, "Asher, I know Lucian doesn't like me. Maybe it's best if I just leave, so I don't cause any more trouble."
Just then, the police showed up, and Evelina wanted to make herself scarce.
But the cop said, "Hold on, you can't leave yet. You mentioned you were injured and needed to go to the hospital for a check-up. We still need your statement." Evelina's face fell. "I... I've already told you everything I know, which is nothing."
"But the victim, Lemira, claims it was you who instigated Caspian, provoking him to violence."
"I didn't do any such thing. Lemira's always had it out for me, so of course she'd point the finger. But I don't blame her. Still, you can't just accuse people without proof." Evelina turned to Asher, tears welling in her eyes. "Asher, you believe me, right?"
Asher nodded. "Of course, I believe you. But don't worry, just cooperate with the investigation. If you've done nothing wrong, then there's nothing to fear."
Evelina stiffened. She was scared they'd find something.
She was not keen on cooperating.
Lucian asked the officer, "Did Lemira mention any proof?"
"Yes, she claims there's a video recording on Evelina's phone, so we'll need to check it."
Evelina stepped back in panic. "I don't have it."
The officer said, "Please hand over your phone for inspection."
Lucian snatched Evelina's phone from her hand, unlocked it, and handed it over to the officer.
Evelina just looked down, a cold smile playing on her lips.
After a previous close call with
surveillance footage, she was extra careful There was no way she'd
leave such damning evidence on her phone. 
Once she showed Caspian the video, she deleted it immediately.
Lucian was getting impatient. "Are you going to confess, or should we wait for the officer to find out?"
Evelina kept her head down. "I haven't done anything. What's there to confess?"
Soon enough, the officer finished checking the phone and handed it back to Evelina. "We didn't find the video Lemira mentioned."
Asher glared at Lucian. "Told you Eve wasn't capable of such a thing. You're just biased against her."
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. "Asher, don't be mad at Lucian. He's just worried, that's all."
"Evelina, don't play the innocent with me. Just because you deleted the video early doesn't mean you're off the hook Once Caspian's awake, we'll get his side of the story. You think you can cover this up?" 
Lucian was beside himself with frustration.
sw novel
No matter what he said, Asher refused to believe him, convinced of Evelina's innocence.
Just then, Caspian woke up.
He looked around and g***, "It hurts... get me a mirror."
Evelina rushed to his side. "Caspian, you're finally awake. You had us all scared. Asher and Lucian were so worried."
Caspian, struggling to sit up, demanded, "I said I want a mirror, didn't you hear?"
He was terrified his face was ruined.
It absolutely couldn't be!
Evelina, tears streaming down her face, said, "Caspian, the doctor said your face can be fixed. Please, don't be angry, and don't blame Lemmy." 
"Where is Lemira? I'm going to kill her!"
sw n
###Chapter 439
Caspian could only feel the searing pain across his face.
He never imagined he'd actually damage his face. How was he supposed to make it in Hollywood if he couldn't recover? He had plans to gun for the Oscar this year, but now, with his face ruined, how was he supposed to clinch any award? Asher walked over and pinned Caspian to the bed, "Calm down, man. You're still healing, hooked up to an IV and all."
"Asher, it's Lemira's fault. She orchestrated this whole mess. If it wasn't for her trap, I wouldn't be in this state!"
Caspian was in a frenzy, beyond reasoning.
Seeing the wound on Caspian's face, Asher hesitated before speaking, "Don't worry, Caspian. Rowan's been in medical research for years. Fixing your face shouldn't be a problem."
Caspian suddenly quieted down a bit, glancing around, "Where's Lemira then? Too scared to face what she's done to me?"
Lucian stepped forward, "Caspian, it was you who laid hands on Lemmy. How can you say she did this to you?"
"Lucian, of course, you'd take Lemira's side."
Caspian would never admit to being the aggressor. That would ruin his career for good.
He noticed the cops were around, clearly putting on a show for them.
Sure enough, a cop approached, "Mr. Caspian, why did you assault your own sister? She's injured too."
"We were just rehearsing. I was teaching her acting, but I didn't expect her to live-stream, slander me, and then call the cops."
Caspian's tone was full of sorrow, the picture of a man betrayed by his kin.
Evelina chimed in, "Yeah, Lemira struggled with her acting, held us up for hours yesterday. So Caspian was just giving her some extra coaching today. I never imagined she'd do something like this." Lucian glared at Evelina, "Lemmy wouldn't do that."
Caspian's voice was hoarse, "About my sister holding up the shooting schedule because of her poor acting, you can ask anyone in the crew. They all know I'm not lying."
"Mr. Caspian, if you were just rehearsing, then why did Lemira actually get hurt?"
"My sister wanted the scene to feel real, but I didn't hit her hard. If she's seriously hurt now, it wasn't by my hand."
Caspian looked frail, "I never
thought, my own sister, whom I
treated sincerely, would plot against
me like this. I too want to know
why." 
Asher was furious, "What other reason could there be? You tried to persuade Lemira to drop the charges, but she refused. That's why she's scheming against you, to keep you away from her."
Evelina tried to smooth things over, "Asher, maybe talk to Lemmy later. It's not right for her to slander Caspian like this." Lucian scoffed, his disappointment palpable.
He had thought their sibling bond was strong, but after Lemira left the Langston family, their true colors showed.
"Lucian, what's with that look?"
"Asher, you'll regret this. One day, you'll regret it even more than I do."
After saying that, Lucian left the hospital room. He wouldn't let Caspian hurt Lemira again and needed to warn her in advance. At the Everhart Private Hospital.
Lemira rested against her bed, the news of her brother's domestic abuse live-streamed causing a stir.
However, Caspian's agency released a statement saying they were just rehearsing a scene.
She intended to record a video for practice but accidentally started a live stream, sparking this huge misunderstanding.
Now, the narrative was leaning towards it being just a rehearsal gone wrong.
Lemira didn't respond. Anything she said now would only draw more attacks from Caspian's fans.
She decided to wait for the police investigation's results before making any statements.
"Ms. Langston, you're awake? Would you mind if we talk?" Lemira saw the representatives from TG Group again, her expression cold, "I've said before, I won't agree to any terms with you." 
"Ms. Langston, you've got it all wrong. We're here as your PR team now."
###Chapter 440
The woman leading the pack handed over her business card to Lemira once again, "Name's Debby, save my number. Should you need anything, feel free to ring me up."
Lemira took the card, somewhat surprised by Orion's swift actions.
He actually managed to snag Caspian's PR crew for her.
She ventured, "But weren't you guys with Caspian before? How's he going to manage without you?"
"Ms. Langston, between you and me, I got assigned to Caspian's case because I was being sidelined at the firm. They thought they were dumping me with a tough case. But, truth be told, I'd rather be here."
Debby didn't hold back, "For now, you don't need to entertain any press. Best we wait for the police investigation to wrap up. Maybe take a few days off from school, rest up. By the time you're discharged, we should have a clearer picture." "That was my thinking exactly."
Lemira saved Debby's contact, "Don't you worry about compensation, I won't shortchange you."
Debby paused for a moment but didn't argue.
Clearly, Mr. Everhart was keen on keeping things under wraps, and they weren't about to blow his cover.
After Lemira had gotten her leave sorted with school, she messaged Janice not to worry. She'd check in on the team's progress once she was out.
Soon after, Lucian showed up outside her hospital room.
But Debby and her team stopped him in his tracks, "Ms. Langston needs her rest, she won't be seeing anyone."
"I'm her brother, Lucian."
"I'm aware, but she's especially not keen on seeing anyone from the Langston family right now."
Debby, now part of Lemira's PR team, had done her homework on her background, including the not-so-warm relations with the Langstons. Lucian stood by the door, peering into the room, "Lemmy, I just came to see how you're holding up. I know this mess with Caspian isn't on you." How could Lucian not know the kind of trouble Caspian was capable of? Growing up, Caspian was always the one getting into brawls and trouble. Lemira didn't even look up, pretending she hadn't heard.
She knew all too well what the Langstons were like and had no interest in their lip service.
Seeing no reaction from Lemira, Debby
hy told Lucian, "Ms. Let
You
but she's not interested.
can leave now."
Lucian stubbornly stayed, "Lemmy with Caspian's reputation in tatters, he's desperate and capable of
. I can't leave you bevele
alone." 
Debby raised an eyebrow, "Sir, there are three of us here, alive and kicking. Did you miss us?" Lucian pressed his lips together, "Who are you?"
"We're with TG Group's PR team, handling everything for Ms. Lemira, including her personal security." "You're just a bunch of hired hands. I'm not comfortable leaving my sister in your care."
That's when Orion stepped in, "Did you forget? Lemira is in this mess because of the Langston family.. You've brought her nothing but trouble. You really think you have the right to be concerned?"
His presence put the PR team on high alert, ready to face the big boss.
Lucian, with a wry smile, admitted, "I know, but this time's different. Caspian doesn't play by the rules."
He feared Caspian might try to snatch Lemira from the hospital.
It was entirely within Caspian's wheelhouse.
Orion's gaze was icy, "Thinking you can take Lemira from this hospital? You're overestimating the Langstons." Hearing Orion's voice, Lemira finally approached the door.
She addressed Lucian with a cold tone, "Just leave, associating with the Langstons only brings me misfortune!" Lucian reached for Lemira's wrist, "Lemmy, I'm on your side this time, I—”
He coughed violently, his hand coming away bloody.
After hastily wiping his mouth, he turned, panicked, "I-I should go."
Lemira's hand hung in mid-air before slowly withdrawing.
But Lucian hadn't gone far when he collapsed, his face ghostly pale.
###Chapter 441
Lemira caught sight of Lucian fainting and for a moment, she was at a loss for words.
She glanced up at Orion, "Let's get a doctor to look at him first, don't want him dropping dead here."
It was then Orion glanced over at the PR team, and Debby quickly took her team to fetch a doctor to examine Lucian.
Now, it was just the two of them alone.
Lemira lowered her gaze as the man beside her spoke, "Does your arm still hurt?"
"It's better now, as long as I don't touch the wound."
Seeing the injuries on her, Orion's expression darkened, "Right now, the most important thing is for you to heal. Don't worry about anything else."
"I know, with TG Group's PR Team on my side, I really don't have much to worry about."
After saying this, Lemira sneaked a glance at him, "Are you still mad?"
"Don't do that next time."
Orion flicked her forehead gently, "Next time, talk to me about how to handle things. Don't just take it all on yourself."
Lemira touched her forehead, feeling something slowly changing between them.
Just then, Debby from the PR team came over, "Ms. Langston, Mr. Lucian's condition isn't looking good. The doctor's asking for a family member." Thinking of Lucian's gaunt appearance, Lemira felt as if her heart was stuffed with cotton.
Orion took her hand in his, his palm warm and dry, "You don't owe the Langstons anything."
"I know. Let's go see him, and once he wakes up, we can have him transferred out of here."
Lemira didn't pull away as they walked together.
She glanced at him, and Orion looked back, "What is it?"
His tone was calm, their fingers interlaced naturally as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
Lemira looked away, a small smile forming on her lips.
They reached the doctor's office.
The doctor, taken aback by Orion's presence and noticing he was holding hands with a girl, deduced their relationship was no ordinary one. Lemira initiated, "How's Lucian doing?"
The doctor brought out Lucian's X-rays,
quite severe. I recommend a biopsy;
we suspect it might be gastripsy, His stomach condition is et
cancer." ,
Kon
"Gastric cancer? Could there be a mistake? He's always had stomach issues but has been under medical supervision."
Hearing the words "gastric cancer", Lemira felt an unreal sensation.
She remembered in her previous life Lucian never developed gastric cancer.
She didn't quite catch what the doctor said next.
Orion led Lemira out of the consultation room, "I remember his stomach issues being old, but for it to deteriorate this quickly means he didn't take it seriously." 
Back in Lyria, Lucian had fainted once before, and Lemira had also taken him to the hospital.
Lemira took a deep breath, "Ever heard of the butterfly effect?"
"Yeah, but what does that have to do with Lucian's illness?"
Lemira looked down, "Do you think because one person's destiny changes, it could affect others' as well?"
"Come with me, I want to show you something."
Orion led Lemira to the backyard, "What are we looking at?"
"Look at the ants on the path."
He crouched down, placing a leaf in the ants' path, altering their course, "Their destiny has changed too."
Lemira saw the ants' orderly line descending into chaos.
Orion continued, "Our lives are
always changing. You might decide on a whim which road to take, what to do today, which way to go home. No one knows what changes these decisions might bring."
As Lemira watched the ants navigate around the leaf and reform their line, she nodded, "I understand now, thank you."
Lucian's stomach issues were evident from the start, but Hogan mentioned surgery was needed long ago, yet it was delayed till now. Orion was about to say more when his phone rang.
###Chapter 442
Orion stepped aside to take a call, returning to Lemira's side with a decision in mind. "I've got to head to the office to sort out some stuff. I'll be back for dinner. What are you in the mood for?" "I'm craving the signature dish from Bistrova. Can we get takeout from there?"
"If that's what you want, I'd pluck the stars from the sky to stir-fry them for you."
Lemira burst into laughter. Was he really making jokes like this?
Orion pinched her cheek gently. "There's that smile. Don't go around with a long face. It adds years."
Her cheeks warmed at his touch. "You better get going. I'll be fine on my own."
He gave her a long, deep look before turning to leave.
Around the corner, he spotted his PR team waiting. "Make sure Bistrova delivers her meals while she's in the hospital."
Debby nodded eagerly. "Of course, Mr. Everhart. Consider it done."
After Orion left, Lemira found herself alone in the small garden, watching ants move their colony, the sky looking like it was on the brink of a thunderstorm. Soon after, Lucian woke up.
Lemira entered his room. "Your condition's gotten worse. The doctor recommends more tests and to proceed with the surgery sooner."
"I know my condition. I had the surgery scheduled, but then this happened. With Asher away on business, I couldn't just ignore it."
"But this is out of your hands."
Lemira's tone was direct, her expression serious. "You'd be better off getting the surgery."
"I'll make sure Caspian realizes his mistake and apologizes to you."
Lemira didn't take the bait.
Since the live stream incident, she hadn't planned on showing Caspian any mercy.
Then Debby walked in. "Ms. Langston, the Langstons are here. They've been stopped in the hospital parking lot, uh, spotted by our team." "Perfect timing. Lucian, you'll be transferring hospitals. Go with them."
Lemira summoned a wheelchair for Lucian, escorting him to the underground parking.
In the elevator, Lucian couldn't help but speak. "Lemmy, with Caspian's career ruined and his face scarred, even surgery might leave marks."
Lemira's face was impassive. "Some things
d advise you to keep quiet."
their meaning when said
She knew Lucian's tendency to smooth things over, to make big issues small if possible.
But in situations like these, someone always had to lose for a resolution to be found. "Lemmy, I—"
"I'm not the one to lose out here, and your advice won't change my mind."
That shut Lucian up.
Exiting the elevator, Lemira pushed him to the parking lot where Asher, fuming with rage, confronted her. "Feeling guilty, so you're hiding in
here?" in
Lucian interjected, "Asher, must you be so hurtful?"
wn
"Hmph, I'm not wrong. Lemira, hiding in the hospital won't solve your problems. You think you can take on TG Group's PR team with your little stunt?'d advise you to clarify that the livestream was just a rehearsal, not domestic abuse." 
Lemira's lips curled coldly. "Good thing I have my PR team."
"Think your PR can match TG's? You're new here, probably don't know the ropes." Asher's tone dripped with scorn.
Debby stepped forward. "Hello, Mr. Langston. I'm the PR manager for TG."
Asher's face froze. "Lemira, you went behind Caspian's back to poach his PR team? That's harsh."
Lucian intervened, "Asher, what are you saying?"
"Don't stop me!"
Asher's push sent Lucian tumbling from his wheelchair.
Lemira rushed to help, only to be shoved by Asher. "Don't pretend to care now."
Lemira scoffed, "He came out in a wheelchair, and you didn't even ask how he was."
"Being in a wheelchair isn't the end of the world."
"He's got stomach cancer."
That's when Asher finally panicked.
###Chapter 443
Lemira shot Asher a frosty look, her face a mask of disdain.
"You keep saying it's all for the family," she sneered, "but when Lucian rolled out in that wheelchair, looking pale as a ghost, I didn't hear a peep of concern from you."
"Lemira, is that any way to talk to you brother?" Asher's voice boomed across the room.
Lemira remained cool, her voice steady, "The guiltier the conscience, the louder the bark. It's just a way to mask their own faults."
Asher was left speechless, struck by her words.
He then turned to Lucian, finally noticing how gaunt he had become. Lifting him with ease, as if he weighed nothing, Asher's concern grew. "How have you gotten so thin? Didn't you say you needed surgery for your stomach issues? Didn't you go?" Sitting in his wheelchair, Lucian pushed Asher's hands away, "Asher, I was in the hospital waiting for the surgery, but then this mess happened, and I had to come."
"Now that I've taken leave from work, let me handle this. You just focus on getting better. If it's serious, we can ask Rowan to come back and operate."
"It's not that serious. No need to bother Rowan."
"But didn't she say you had cancer? How is that not serious?"
Asher suspected Lemira was lying, exaggerating Lucian's condition.
Lucian just offered a bitter smile, denying nothing.
Asher turned back to Lemira, his voice raised in anger, "Did you hear that? Lucian doesn't have cancer. You just wish the worst for us, don't you?" Lemira glanced at Lucian before turning away, deciding some battles weren't worth fighting.
"I should've minded my own business," she muttered under her breath as she started to leave, only to be stopped by Asher's angry voice. "Lemira, did I say you could go? After what you've done to Caspian, leaving him scarred, you can just stay in the hospital without a care?" She turned, her tone final, "It seems they haven't told you the whole story. Wait for the police investigation."
Lemira had no desire to argue further.
But Asher, not willing to let it go, attempted to follow her, only to be blocked by Debby and her team, "Mr. Langston, take one more step and we caththe police. Think about the repercussions for the Langston family." 
"You were hired for Caspian's PR, weren't you? How much is she paying you? I'll double it!"
Debby looked at him oddly, "This isn't about money."
The Langston family seemed out of touch. With the Everhart heir's protection, Lemira wasn't someone they could sway with cash.
"Asher, just moments ago Ms. Langston was injured, and you didn't even ask about her. That family abuse live stream seems more and more credible now," Debby taunted. Asher's face darkened, "You don't know Lemira. Because of her, the Langston family is on the brink of ruin."
Lucian, sick, Alaric facing jail, and now Caspian injured - all because of Lemira.
Lucian tried to reason, "Asher, are you really unaware of Caspian's nature, or just pretending?"
Caspian's temper was notorious within the family.
Asher massaged his temples, "I just don't get why Lemira can't step back. Haven't we been good to her? Instead, she's sending one brother to jail and leaving the other in ruins." 
en FindNovel
"Asher, you know why Alaric is in jail. And it's not the first time Caspian's laid hands on Lemmy. Deep down you know the truth, but you're forcing her to submit," Lucian didn't hold back, exposing Asher's true motives. 
"You might think you're doing this for revenge, for our parents, but pressuring your own sister like this? You'll regret it," Lucian warned.
"I won't," Asher declared stubbornly, "I've dedicated years to building our business for the day we could confront Orvin and avenge our parents. Look what Lemira's done."
###Chapter 444
Asher was in a pickle, fuming over the mess he'd gotten himself into. There was no turning back now, only damage control.
----
Lemira returned to her hospital room. That evening, Orion, caught up with work, couldn't make it back but sent over a meal from Bistrova's.
Debby spoke up, "Ms. Langston, the police are expected to release preliminary investigation results tonight. We could go live later and clarify the situation. It'd be best if you wore your hospital gown, showcasing your injuries for added public sympathy." "Got it."
Sure enough, not long after dinner, the police issued their preliminary findings.
"Following Ms. Langston's live broadcast of her ordeal, our thorough investigation has confirmed that Mr. Langston indeed engaged in violent behavior. More details will follow as our investigation deepens."
This statement quickly became trending news.
Given that Caspian was a notable celebrity, the revelation of his violent tendencies flipped public opinion against him overnight.
Caspian was now branded as a violent figure.
More allegations surfaced, claiming Caspian's temper was notorious behind the scenes, and he was prone to physical outbursts. There were stories of minor actors going deaf from his slaps, incidents that were previously swept under the rug but were now coming to light. Seeing the tide turn, Lemira went live on her account, with a speech prepared by Debby.
Appearing on camera, Lemira looked pale, her injuries visible for all to see. No makeup was needed to emphasize her plight.
"Everyone knows my family life has been troubled. They once refused to let me accept an offer from Orvin University, wanting to keep me close. But I fought hard to leave the Langston household, to start anew, yet they wouldn't let me be.
Live streaming is the only weapon I have to reveal Caspian's true face.
He's always been quick to violence; any disobedience on my part was met with physical punishment..."
With her face ashen and eyes red, Lemira detailed the events leading up to the live broadcast.
Wiping away tears, she continued, "Caspian loves crafting the image of a caring brother, his facade so convincing that no one believed my side of the story. I hope the law will hold him accountable this time." 
During her live session, Caspian's fans stormed in, hurling insults and clashing with her supporters.
Suddenly, a request for a PK live duel popped up, authenticated as Caspian.
What did Caspian want to say?
Debby gestured frantically, signaling her not to accept, and to end the live session.
Lemira complied, turning to her PR team, "Is it okay not to respond?"
"It's fine. That's definitely not Caspian but his agent. With his face in that state, he wouldn't dare show himself, not unless he's given up on his career in the spotlight." 
Lemira agreed.
Caspian, ever the vain one, surely wouldn't expose his injured visage just yet.
But her phone was blowing up with calls, all from Caspian.
With a light chuckle, Lemira answered, only to be met with Caspian's livid voice, "Lemira, how dare you reject my duel request? If you're not guilty, why refuse? 
"Lucian mentioned your face is quite a sight now."
That comment hit a nerve.
"Lemira, you've forced my hand. You think hiding in a hospital will keep you safe? Even if you're unscathed, your friends might not be so lucky."
Lemira's expression darkened, "This is between us. Come at me if you dare."
"Cause me misery, and you think I'll let you off easy? Lemira, you've ruined me, I won't let you have the last laugh."
Her gaze turned icy, "Lay a finger on them, and I'll expose your disfigured face for the world to see, let everyone witness your downfall." "You wouldn't dare!!"
###Chapter 445
Lemira's voice was icy, "Do you really think there's anything I wouldn't dare to do?"
"Lemira, you're the black sheep of the Langstons. You've completely messed up Asher's plans. How are we ever going to find the killer and avenge our parents now?" "What do you mean?" Lemira was clueless about any plans Asher had.
When she had gone to negotiate with Asher, he hadn't mentioned anything of the sort.
"Lemira, are you only asking now? It's too late! You're the reason our parents are gone, and now you're sabotaging Asher's plan. If you're not the black sheep, what are you?" Caspian was hysterical.
Asher entered the room, taking Caspian's phone, "Lemira, aside from Lucian, I specifically arranged each of your brothers' careers so that one day, when we found a lead, we could catch the killer and make them pay!" Hearing this, Lemira scoffed, "Trying to guilt-trip me with our parents now?"
"But I never lied to you about this."
After Asher said this, silence fell on both ends of the call, then he continued, "The Langstons haven't come this far easily, Lemira. Whatever issues you have with Caspian could have been settled privately, without ruining him." "Hah, now you say this? Don't you find it absurd?"
Lemira hung up, not believing a word Asher said.
If there really was such a plan, Asher would have mentioned it during the whole Alaric situation. Debby tentatively asked, "Ms. Langston, do you really have photos of Caspian's disfigurement?"
"No, I lied. But he wouldn't dare to call my bluff."
Lemira hadn't thought to take any photos at the time.
Seeing Caspian covered in blood, looking quite horrifying, had taken her by surprise.
She wasn't used to keeping such leverage.
But since Caspian had used someone close to her to threaten her, she had said it on purpose.
"Well, we'll handle the media. You just rest up."
"Thanks, I appreciate it."
"No trouble at all, it's what we're here for."
Debby and his team quickly left the room, knowing it was their turn to step up and win this battle.
Alone in her room, Lemira received a message from Orion: "What are you up to?"
"Just finished streaming, scrolling through the drama online."
"Don't bother, it'll only upset you. Go out, take a walk. I'll join you later."
Orion's response lifted Lemira's spirits considerably.
Two days later, Lemira had to visit the police station.
Orion
the amet
will join
accompany her. In
took her hand, "Mr.
us soon. Any question et
ask him." t
"I will."
Lemira glanced at their intertwined hands, then out the window, her mood visibly brighter.
They soon arrived outside the precinct.
Wearing a hat and mask to avoid media
attention, Lemira was initially anxigus but noticed no paparazzi lurking and felt relieved.
belongs to en.FindNovel. ent
Inside, she and Mr. Alfred underwent police questioning, which didn't take long.
Exiting the precinct with Mr. Alfred, Lemira saw the Langstons had just arrived.
Caspian's face was wrapped in bandages, and he was in a wheelchair, looking severely injured. Enemies on sight.
Spotting Lemira, Caspian accused,
"Lemira, I am your brother. You said you wanted to act, so I pulled strings to get you'roles. When you
struggled, I even helped you
wnovel.n
rehearse. And this is how you repay me?" 
###Chapter 446
In front of outsiders, Caspian's act was convincingly real.
Lemira's expression was cool as she said, "Quit the act, Caspian. This isn't a movie set. No one here is buying your performance." Orion's voice dripped with sarcasm. "Caspian, is this what you call 'rehearsing a scene'? Beating Lemira up like this?"
Caspian felt a twinge of guilt, "It was an accident. Lemira said she could take it."
Evelina stepped forward, "But it's Caspian who ended up getting hurt the worst. How can you go live and twist the story, Lemira?"
Orion looked at Evelina, his tone harsh, "Caspian got injured while running away at the sound of the police sirens. If he wasn't guilty, why run?"
Evelina struggled for words, "Because Caspian is a public figure. Scandals like this could ruin his reputation."
Lemira spoke coldly, "Was it you who stirred things up, Evelina? Telling Caspian I was gathering dirt on him, is that why he lashed out?"
Evelina immediately looked down, a picture of innocence, "I would never do such a thing."
Caspian gave Evelina a meaningful look. Lemira was right; it was Evelina who had deliberately played him the recording, making him aware of Lemira's supposed betrayal. That had provoked him into acting rashly.
Evelina noticed Caspian's glance and shrank back, too scared to speak up. She was sure Caspian wouldn't expose her.
Caspian's gaze then shifted to Mr. Alfred standing beside Lemira, his expression darkening, "Lemira, I underestimated you. To think you could get Mr. Alfred to represent you in court." The day of the incident, Thaddeus had blocked the ambulance with his car. Caspian would never forget that.
If it weren't for his agent moving heaven and earth to get a helicopter dispatched, who knows how long it would've taken to get to the hospital.
Maybe the scars on his face would've been less severe.
All of it traced back to Lemira.
Lemira's tone was icy, "I'm not the same kid who just stood there and took it anymore. I hope you remember that."
After speaking, Lemira walked past Caspian, her features cold and detached.
"Caspian, you left me behind once as a kid, and I nearly died. If you weren't my brother, I would've settled scores with you long ago." Seeing Mr. Alfred shook Caspian up.
TG Group's PR Team had been swayed by Lemira, and now with Mr. Alfred by her side, Caspian's chances were slim.
Caspian turned around, his eyes
brimming with tears as he stared at
Lemira, "You owe me a life since we
were kids, and now you're trying to take mine again?" 
"Explain yourself. When did I ever owe you a life?" Lemira had heard this accusation from Caspian several times.
Quick to interrupt, Evelina urged, "Caspian, let's go inside. We shouldn't waste more time."
Orion eyed Evelina coldly, "Your eagerness to change the subject... were you involved in that past incident?"
"You're talking nonsense. That has
nothing to do with me," Evelina protested, her face draining of color. If Caspian learned the truth, she was done for. 
Caspian spoke up, "No, it was
Evelina who saved me back thenet
And you, Lemira, left me in thatalley, ever pointed the thugs my way. Am I wrong?" 
Suddenly, Lemira remembered something.
She stared intently at Evelina, "So, this is what you told Caspian?"
It all made sense now.
###Chapter 447
Evelina's face was as pale as a ghost, and she couldn't find the words to respond.
Trembling with fear, she stammered, "I-I didn't say anything, please don't blame me."
Now she was in deep trouble. If Caspian found out, she was as good as dead.
Lemira, observing Evelina's guilty demeanor, had a pretty good guess of what had transpired.
She turned to Caspian, "Remember that time you almost got beaten to a pulp by those thugs in the alley?"
"Lemira, you finally remembered. Don't you feel a bit guilty?"
"Why should I? I ran out of the alley to get help for you. That's when I bumped into Evelina, but the thugs found us. They threatened us to reveal your whereabouts."
Caspian frowned deeply. "Lemira, did you tell those thugs where I was?"
"The one who betrayed your location was Evelina, not me. If I hadn't distracted Evelina by claiming I knew where you were and led them in the opposite direction, you wouldn't be here today." Lemira remembered it all too well.
Ever since that incident, Caspian had been increasingly hostile towards her.
On the other hand, Evelina seemed to grow closer to Caspian, who often came to her defense.
Lemira couldn't figure out why, mistakenly thinking Evelina had stolen yet another brother figure from her.
So, this was the real reason.
After hearing this, Caspian glanced at Evelina, "Is this true?"
"Caspian, it's not like that. That day, it was Lemmy who panicked and wanted to disclose your location, but I stopped her. Then I quietly went back to the alley to find you and took you to the hospital." Evelina's face was drained of color, and admitting the truth was not an option.
After all, years had passed without witness.
No one would believe Lemira's word over hers.
Yet, Caspian fell silent.
Orion eyed Evelina, "If Lemira was the one who pointed out Caspian's location, why didn't the thugs go after him, but you did?"
Evelina stuttered, "I managed to throw the thugs off track."
"And how did you manage that? What was Lemira doing at the time?"
Under Orion's relentless questioning, Evelina became visibly flustered, "I-I can't remember exactly what I did and Lemira... she was so scared she just ran off, even claiming she barely knew Caspian and that I was his real sister." 
Lemira scoffed, "Evelina, you're still a master of lies, I see."
"I'm not lying."
"You claim you can't remember what you did, but you seem to recall my actions very clearly."
Lemira glared at Evelina. "The reason you 'can't remember' is that I was the one who lured those thugs away, something you couldn't possibly claim."
Because admitting it would give her away.
Evelina, now sweating bullets, insisted, "No, I really can't remember, Caspian, you have to believe me."
Caspian glanced at Evelina before
fixing his gaze on Lemira, "Without evidence, your word is as good as any. How can I believe you didn't abandon me considering you're even
trying to sabotage me now?"even
Caspian wasn't quite convinced Lemira had actually saved him.
Lemira's expression turned icy. "And Evelina's words are without evidence too, yet you believed her? It's all about trust, isn't it?"
Caspian, looking uneasy, pressed on,
"You say you led those thugs away,
but how did you escape them? They're not the kind to be easily evaded, especially by a young girl like you." 
Lemira's face darkened, a shadow passing over her features.
She remained silent for a moment before replying, "That's not a memory I cherish."
Upon hearing this, Orion immediately took her hand, "You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to."
###Chapter 448
Lemira nodded, a mocking smile playing on her lips. "Right, as if saying anything now would make a difference. I regret my actions back then; I should have just left you to your fate." Her sarcasm lit a fire in Caspian's eyes.
"Lemira, you're saying this because you can't explain yourself, right?"
Evelina chimed in with a smirk, "Lemmy, Caspian couldn't even handle those thugs. How did a delicate flower like you manage to escape? That doesn't add up."
"True, I ended up getting caught, and they even threatened me to make a call to someone, asking for a personal ransom."
Lemira locked eyes with Caspian, "I didn't call you. I called someone from the Langstons."
Caspian, pressing his lips together, asked, "Who? Lucian?"
Hearing Lucian's name, Evelina snickered, "But Lucian always had a soft spot for Lemmy."
If it was Lucian, she believed she could deny everything.
Lemira's smile was tinged with irony as she stared at Evelina, "Sorry to disappoint you, but I called Asher."
The color drained from Evelina's face.
A call to Asher?
What now?
Right then, Asher's car pulled up beside them, and he stepped out, "Lemira, have you finally come to regret not calling me?"
Turning to face Asher, Lemira said, "There's something I've been wanting to ask you. After all, I can't keep carrying the blame for all these years."
"What is it?"
"You remember the incident with Caspian fighting those thugs, almost dying in that alley, right?"
Asher nodded, "I remember. It was you who diverted the thugs, giving Caspian a chance to escape. But then, you were caught. They forced you to make a call, and just as I returned from my trip, I called you. I came to your rescue." Silence fell over the group.
Evelina, trembling with fear, took several steps back, thinking of escaping.
Lemira turned back to Caspian, "Did
you hear that? You didn't believe me,
believe him?" Contenime
you believe Lucian. Will you
Caspian's ears rang with disbelief.
This couldn't be true.
belongs to
He stared at Evelina, hiding in the corner, and roared, "Get over here and explain what the hell happened!"
Evelina, terrified, tried to run but was caught by the bodyguards.
She sobbed, "Caspian, I didn't know Lemmy had lured those thugs away."
"Then why did you lie just now?"
Caspian grabbed Evelina's hair with such force, his eyes bloodshot with anger. Why did she deceive him?
He had been kept in the dark for so long!
Evelina screamed in pain, "Caspian, I was just speaking the truth, and my earlier words were merely a guess. Lemira didn't tell you either, right? Why is she speaking up only now?" 
en FindNovel
IMS
Caspian looked up at Lemira, "Why didn't you tell me back then? Why didn't you let me know?"
Lemira glanced at Asher with a smirk, "Because Asher said he would tell you."
Asher looked slightly uneasy, "I must've forgotten to mention it. b thought, well, you were siblings after all, and Eve did save Caspian. So, I thought, what's done is done" 
en FindNovel
"Asher, do you realize how much you've hurt me?"
Caspian's voice broke slightly.
QUMS
It was this misunderstanding that made him resent Lemira all these years, allowing Evelina to torment her.
And it was all just a misunderstanding!
The liar was Evelina. He had been deceived for so long.
Caspian turned to Lemira, his lips quivering, "I didn't know it was you who saved me."
Could she ever forgive him just this once?
###Chapter 449
Lemira stared at Caspian, her eyes full of scorn.
Her voice was icy, "You don't need to explain so much to me. After all, I regret saving you now. Almost got myself in deep trouble for it."
She regretted giving her all to the Langston brothers.
They weren't worth her efforts.
Caspian's face looked like he had been slapped, utterly disheveled.
It took him a moment to find his voice: "I was under the wrong impression that you left me behind on purpose, so I bullied you all these years, treated you poorly, all because of that dreadful woman Evelina..." "Really? Just because of her? Did you ever trust me even a bit?"
Lemira's gaze was steady on Caspian. If there was any trust in her, they wouldn't have believed the words of an outsider like Evelina, right?
In the end, they all believed the divisive lies of a seemingly innocent troublemaker.
Such siblings were better off lost.
Caspian became anxious, "It's not like that. I know you're angry, but I'll make Evelina pay for what she did."
At that moment, Caspian was torn.
He had never been in such an awkward and humiliating situation in his life, his voice trembling.
Caspian lifted his hand and slapped Evelina, his tone ice-cold: "I warned you before about lying. You really thought you could fool me for so long!"
He wished he could kill Evelina.
Evelina's face swelled from the slap, and she quickly looked at Asher for help: "Asher, please, save me. I was just scared and got it wrong. But I did go back to save Caspian." Evelina was terrified.
She didn't want to be beaten to death by Caspian, a man she considered a lunatic.
Asher quickly pulled Evelina to his side, scolding Caspian: "What are you doing? Eve was young then, it's normal for her to misspeak."
"Asher, you're defending her?"
Caspian was furious.
Asher's tone was a bit unnatural:
"After all, it was my fault for
forgetting to tell you about Lengira
saving you. If you want to blame
someone, blame me." 
He hadn't thought that merely forgetting to mention that small detail would lead Caspian to hold a grudge until now.
Caspian, eyes reddening with anger: "Asher, is this just a small matter to you?"
Because of this misunderstanding, he had been targeting Lemira all along!
Hating her!
And now he was told it was all a misunderstanding, that Lemira hadn't abandoned him but had saved him!
What did all his actions over the years amount to then?
Wasn't it all just a joke?
Caspian couldn't even bear to look at Lemira now, feeling utterly guilty.
Asher too, felt a bit guilty, glancing at Evelina: "You're also to blame. Why didn't you clarify things?"
Evelina quickly apologized: "I'm
sorry, Asher, Caspian. It was my fault for being too scared back then. After all, had just arrived at the Langston family and didn't dare to speak up, leading to this
misunderstanding." 
"Caspian, look, Eve has apologized. Let's not dwell on it. And don't lay hands on Eve again, lest outsiders see and make your situation worse."
Caspian felt utterly defeated: "But all this happened because of that misunderstanding."
Otherwise, he wouldn't have targeted Lemira, let alone raised his hand against her.
Caspian couldn't help but glance at Lemira: "I'll turn myself in. It's my fault, I'll take full responsibility."
Lemira remained silent.
She hadn't expected Caspian's attitude towards her to change so suddenly, all because of this incident. Perhaps in her previous life, she would have died without knowing the truth.
Evelina, that poisonous flower, had everyone wrapped around her finger.
Lemira looked at Caspian: "Then you need to make it clear to the police who showed you that recorded video that incited you against me. Don't let the instigators get away." 
###Chapter 450
Caspian flashed a bitter smile. "I know."
Beside him, Evelina's face turned ghostly pale. "Caspian, I didn't show you any recorded video, okay? The cops checked everything. There's nothing on my phone." Even if Caspian knew, without proof, he couldn't touch her.
It was all because Caspian hated Lemira too much.
Caspian fixed his gaze on Evelina. "If I turn myself in, you won't escape either."
"No, Caspian, you can't confess."
Asher stepped in front of Caspian. "If you confess, what about the plan we had? Alaric's already in ruins, I can't let you get destroyed too."
"Asher, you can't stop me."
"I have to try."
Asher had his guys circle Caspian. He then turned to Lemira. "Since you said I saved you back then, you owe me one."
Lemira's reply was laced with sarcasm. "So what?"
"I have only one request that you spare Caspian this time and claim that the live stream was just a rehearsal."
Hearing this, Lemira felt a heavy weight press on her heart, a burden she could never shake off.
Orion took Lemira's hand, his tone icy. "From what I know, Lemira did so much for the Langston family, including writing the firewall for the Langston Group, without asking for a dime. You owe her a lot." "Let's keep matters separate. If I hadn't arrived in time, we all know what would have happened to Lemira at the hands of those thugs."
Asher pressed Lemira. "You know that better than anyone, right?"
Lemira bit her lip hard. Yes, she couldn't deny it.
Orion stepped in front of Lemira, shielding her from Asher's aggressive gaze. "Mr. Asher, she was so young back then, taking risks for your brother. Ultimately, it's Caspian who owes you." 
Asher didn't bite.
He looked past Orion at Lemira. "Regardless, I saved you. You owe me!"
Orion cut him off. "Never seen a family as shameless as the Langstons."
With that, he walked away with Lemira, refusing to let her be morally blackmailed. Caspian watched Lemira leave, his anger peaking. This was all Evelina's fault. Asher spoke to Caspian. "I'll go to the police station. You stay put." Caspian's tone was even. "Fine, but I'd like to have a word with Evelina." "No, Asher, I'll go with you."
Evelina didn't want to be left alone with Caspian. She feared for her life.
Asher hesitated. "Eve, you played a part in what happened. Just apologize to Caspian, and we're good."
Ignoring Evelina's plea for help, Asher and his entourage headed to the station.
Asher's lawyer spoke up. "Boss, it's. obvious Miss Evelina also lied.
are you covering for her, letting bet
Lemira suffer?" 
"I don't need your advice on how to handle things."
He knew Evelina hadn't been truthful and deserved a lesson. But he couldn't let Caspian's reputation be ruined.
So what if Ms. Langston, Lemira, had to suffer a bit?
Outside, Caspian dragged Evelina to his car, her face a mask of terror.
He gripped her throat, his voice menacing. "You have two choices Either kill you right here, or you go and kneel before Lemira, begging for her forgiveness!" 
###Chapter 451
Caspian was gripping Evelina's neck so tight, he wished he could end her right there.
From the start, he was against Asher bringing the chauffeur's daughter back to the Langston mansion.
She turned out to be nothing but trouble!
Lemira stormed out, cutting ties with the family, and Evelina's scheming couldn't be ignored.
Evelina's face turned a shade of purple, unable to utter a single word.
It was the agent in the passenger seat who snapped Caspian out of it, "Hey, let go! What if she dies on you?"
Only then did Caspian loosen his grip. Evelina gasped for air, her throat and lungs screaming in pain.
For a moment, she thought she was a goner.
If it weren't illegal, Caspian would've gladly killed her.
Evelina, panic-stricken, coughed, "Caspian, I was young and foolish, said things I shouldn't have. Please, don't hold it against me."
"Kneel."
Caspian's voice was ice as he stared at Evelina, pulling out his phone to record, "Now, apologize to Lemira. Make her believe your regret. Otherwise, I'll make your life a living hell." Kneeling on the car floor, Evelina clutched her skirt tightly.
How she hated this man.
If only she could reach her dad, she'd have Caspian taken care of.
Asher knew Caspian was violent, yet he insisted she apologize.
The Langstons were turning against her. She needed an exit strategy.
Maybe it was time to meet her resurrected father.
When Caspian noticed Evelina's silence, he slapped her, "Apologize! Are you deaf?"
The slap left Evelina dizzy, her cheek burning. Holding her face, she whimpered, "I was wrong back then, lying and deceiving. Lemira, please forgive me just this once. It's my fault, not Caspian's." 
Caspian, grabbing her hair, demanded, "Face the camera when you speak. Start over!" Despite the pain, Evelina didn't dare retaliate, knowing Caspian's fury all too well.
After Caspian had his moment, he sneered, "Don't think just because you're the chauffeur's daughter, you can replace Lemira as Ms. Langston. Dream on. You're nothing but a pet to the Langston family." 
Evelina's eyes darkened with resolve. She swore revenge.
Caspian ordered the driver, "Stop the car."
As the vehicle halted, he looked at Evelina with disgust, "Get out. You have one day to make Lemira
forgive you. Otherwise, you'll suffer
the same fate she did."
"I understand," Evelina mumbled, tumbling out of the car. Her luxury heels fell off, but Caspian threw them out after her, dismissing her like a beggar.
Picking up her shoes, Evelina watched Caspian drive away, determined.
With the Langstons siding with Lemira, it was time for Evelina to find her own way.
She dialed the mysterious number, once believing she'd never need her so-called father if she became Ms. Langston.
But times had changed.
The call connected, a middle-aged man's voice greeted, "My dear daughter, what do you need my help with now?"
"Let's meet. I'm considering your proposal to work together and bleed the Langston family dry."
Evelina, nursing her wounds, was filled with hatred.
She vowed to make those Langston brothers, who looked down on her, regret it and grovel at her feet.
"Good, let's meet now. I'm free. Follow the instructions I gave you to avoid being spotted."
###Chapter 452
"You're overthinking it. No one's tailing me. The Langstons hardly give a damn about me now. Your death didn't earn their genuine care!"
Evelina's voice cracked with emotion, recounting the countless grievances she endured within the Langston household. After years of playing it small and submissive, just because Lemira had the guts to walk away, it made her brothers regret their negligence. How she loathed them.
Despite doing so much more than Lemira, why was her effort and sacrifice invisible to them?
"It's good that you've come to realize this. I've been telling you not to be so blindly devoted to the Langstons, and now you're tasting the bitter consequences. We're your real family."
"Now I know, and I swear, the Langstons will regret ever crossing me."
Evelina was fuming, her eyes red with unshed tears, vowing never to let the Langstons, including Lemira, off the hook.
---
Lemira returned to the hospital with Orion by her side.
Her mood had dipped, unable to fathom how Caspian could be so cruel over a misunderstanding - thinking she had abandoned him.
How ludicrous.
Caspian chose to believe Evelina's lies over her truth.
Orion placed his hands on Lemira's shoulders, "Don't dwell on it. The one suffering now is him, not you."
"But I don't need his fake explanations and apologies."
"You're right. At the end of the day, they're all selfish, blaming you for their mistakes," Orion felt the Langston brothers took Lemira's sacrifices for granted, only realizing their loss too late, their apologies insincere.
His heart ached more with each thought, "If only I had come to find you sooner, you wouldn't have had to suffer so much."
He was full of regret.
Lemira smiled, "No, you came at just the right time."
At that moment, she had just been reborn, seeing through her brothers' hypocrisy, determined to leave the Langstons behind. Had it been earlier, she might have continued her blind support, unable to heed Orion's advice. Orion looked down at the girl before him, "Still, I wish to make it up to you."
"You've done nothing wrong. What's there to make up for?" Orion was genuinely kind to her.
Lemira looked up into his handsome face, "Orion, I truly like you."
She leaned in closer, and he gently
held her face, a hint of relucet
his voice, "Let me take the next time." 
Orion kissed her forehead tenderly.
Lemira wrapped her arms around him, resting her head against his chest, "Can't it be mutual?"
"Because I want to give more."
His soft voice enveloped her, and Lemira nuzzled against his chest, "You don't have to give more. I'm not greedy."
In her previous life, she yearned for her brothers' attention and happiness, but ended up with nothing.
This time, she was determined to live for herself and find true happiness.
After embracing for a while, Orion's phone rang incessantly.
Lemira, blushing, reminded him, "Your phone's been ringing non-stop. Must be something important."
Orion, reluctantly letting go, "There's a meeting. I'll come back to you later."
"Okay."
Watching Orion leave, Lemira touched her flushed cheeks.
Is this what being in love felt like?
She almost wished he didn't have to go.
Returning to her hospital bed,
Lemira checked her phone and saw a video from Caspian - Evelina being publicly shamed. 
She watched with a sardonic smile.
Truly a dog-eat-dog world.
At that moment, the PR team entered.
Debby approached her, "Ms.
Langston, we've had someone tailing the Langstons. Evelina was seen meeting someone in a café after being kicked out of the@ar." 
"Who did she meet?"
Debby sent the photo to Lemira's phone, "The person was cautious, we only got a profile shot. Take a look."
Lemira's face paled upon seeing the photo.
The man bore a striking resemblance to Evelina's father!
###Chapter 453
When Lemira saw the photo, her mind went blank.
Her hands trembling, she zoomed in on the picture. Though it was just a profile shot, she was certain of her recognition. That was Evelina Sterling's father.
The same man who used to be her parents' chauffeur. But, wasn't he supposed to have died along with her parents? Why was Evelina's father still alive?
In that moment, Lemira felt a chill run down her spine, as if a vast conspiracy was engulfing her.
Her mind was a mess.
If Evelina's father was still alive, then who was the driver that died? And why had Evelina's father faked his disappearance, staying hidden all these years? There had to be a secret reason.
"Ms. Langston, are you alright? Is there a problem with this man?"
"It's nothing."
Lemira quickly masked her expression: "What did this man do when he met Evelina?"
"They met for just a few minutes, then hurriedly parted ways, keeping a wary eye out. They were so cautious, it's clear they were afraid of being overheard."
"Keep an eye on Evelina, and be discreet. And look into this man, see what you can find."
After Debby left, Lemira opened the photo again, studying it countless times.
Why was the chauffeur still alive?
She was convinced that there was more to the car accident years ago, a hidden truth she couldn't remember. If only she could recall the details, she was sure she'd uncover the secret.
Lemira pulled the covers over her head, shivering with cold.
Evelina meeting her father meant she definitely knew something.
After all these years, Evelina had been living happily with the Langstons. The thought of her parents looking down in anger made Lemira's blood boil. She was determined to uncover the truth and avenge her parents. She needed to find a way to probe Asher, to see if he knew the truth but hadn't told her.
Resting on her bed, Lemira lost her appetite for lunch.
Orion called her: "Heard you barely touched your lunch. Feeling off?"
Lemira hesitated before answerings "Caspian sent me a video of Evelina apologizing, and him hitting her just find it ironic, the Langstons are inherently selfish." 
Though she felt Evelina deserved some form of retribution.
But blaming everything on Evelina as if Caspian was an innocent bystander didn't sit right with her.
Orion, standing in his luxurious office overlooking the bustling CBD, patiently replied: "Don't let their petty schemes distract you."
"I know."
"If you're feeling cooped up, take a walk in the garden downstairs. I'l have a computer set up in your room; Matthew Everhart can keep you company with some games." 
en FindNovel
Hearing his offer to install a computer, Lemira quickly declined: "I'll be discharged soon, there's no need for such extravagance."
Orion didn't press further after her refusal.
After hanging up, Lemira's thoughts were in turmoil.
She had always believed the car accident was just an unfortunate mishap.
It turned out there was more to the story.
When Orion returned in the afternoon, he noticed Lemira seemed alright, which eased his worries: "You sounded upset over the phone."
"Don't worry, I won't let the Langstons guilt-trip me."
She tiptoed closer to him: "So, you rushed back because you were concerned about me?"
Orion looked down at her, his throat moving slightly.
He couldn't help but gently touch her face, his actions tender: "Yes, I can't bear to see you upset or crying ever again."
Orion recalled her previous live
stream to clarify the assault, where she had shed tears, albeit as part of
an act. Still, it had pained him to see her that way. 
###Chapter 454
So, he cut the meeting short and rushed back.
Lemira tilted her head, pressing her face against his palm. "Did I ever cry this hard before?" She couldn't recall ever having cried like this.
Orion pursed his lips, remembering. Yes, there was that time, during the accident years ago.
When he had pulled Lemira from the wreckage, she had cried just like this, heartbreakingly, because he wouldn't let her near the burning car. She had even bitten him. But she had forgotten all about that.
His palm was slightly warm as his gaze locked onto her face with intensity.
As he leaned in closer, Lemira straightened up, clearing her throat. "You probably haven't had dinner yet, right? I'm a bit hungry."
"I could eat."
He took her hand, his look deep and meaningful.
Lemira glanced down at their intertwined fingers, asking subconsciously, "What are we to each other now?"
Orion brushed a stray hair behind her ear. "After you're discharged, I'll take you somewhere."
"Where?"
"That's a secret for now. If we're looking for a label, it needs to be done properly."
Lemira's gaze flickered. A label?
Did that mean defining their relationship?
Although their relationship had changed over the past few days, they hadn't discussed what they were to each other.
She hadn't expected Orion to be so thoughtful.
After sharing a meal, Lemira still hadn't told him about Evelina's father.
After all, it was just speculation at this point.
The next day, Debby brought the investigation results: "Ms. Langston, our people lost him. The man is highly cautious. And there's no trace of this middle-aged man, as if he doesn't exist." Lemira felt a slight disappointment. As if he doesn't exist, right?
According to the records, this man should have been dead.
Seeing Evelina's beaten face, Lemira couldn't help but speculate. Was Evelina looking for a way out?
After all these years, Evelina hadn't slipped up once.
Claiming to be an orphan, Evelina enjoyed the privileges of a Langston, living like a princess.
Given Evelina's vanity, she wouldn't seek out her father, the driver, unless she was desperate.
If it came
that Evelina's father
was still alive, her status in the Langston family would be compromised. 
Soovel
Lemira spoke lightly: "Looks like Caspian laid hands on Evelina, scaring her into seeking help."
One thing after another came to light, exposing Evelina.
She needed to find a way to force Evelina to contact her father more.
Only then could she gather better evidence and catch the person involved.
Then, Lemira received a message from Caspian: "Has Evelina come to apologize to you? If you're not satisfied, I'll make sure she does until you are." 
Seeing how he spoke, nothing had changed.
How Caspian treated her back then was how he was treating Evelina now.
Lemira suddenly thought of a devious plan.
She texted Caspian back: "She hasn't come."
Upon receiving the reply, Caspian's mood slightly improved.
If Lemira was willing to respond, did
it mean that as long as Evelina
obtained Lemira's forgiveness, th
would be no issue between him and Lemira? 
At that moment, Caspian saw Evelina entering Lucian Langston's room with a thermos.
Caspian's expression turned cold as he grabbed Evelina's hair.
He said fiercely, "Evelina, I told you to apologize to Lemira yesterday. Why didn't you go? Tired of living?"
###Chapter 455
Caspian gripped Evelina's hair without any mercy, his fingers entangling in her locks as if they were vines he was determined to uproot.
Evelina's tears streamed down her face, "I was all bruised up yesterday. If I had gone to see Lemira and the paparazzi caught that, the stories they'd spin... I just wanted to wait until the bruises healed a bit."
"You're lying. You could've snuck off to a clinic without the media sniffing around. You just didn't want to, did you? Trying to drive a wedge between me and Lemira, aren't you?" Caspian's anger boiled over, and he slapped Evelina across the face. The pain made Evelina see stars, her legs nearly giving out beneath her.
She quickly sought refuge next to Lucian, her eyes pleading, "Lucian, I really do realize my mistake. I'll explain everything to Lemira and get her forgiveness."
But Caspian, far from satisfied, pulled Evelina back and kicked her, sending her tumbling to the floor.
Lucian couldn't stand by any longer, "Caspian, stop it. Do you want to kill her?"
Caspian's face, bandaged from some prior mishap, bore a chilling expression, "She deserves it. If it weren't for this deceitful woman lying and causing strife between me and Lemira, we wouldn't be in this mess!"
Caspian had been restless, tormented by the thought of having misunderstood Lemira. The guilt was eating him up.
Evelina shrank back, deliberately showing Lucian the bruises on her face.
Seeing the marks, Lucian frowned, "Caspian, aren't you at fault here too? You didn't trust Lemmy enough."
"If you thought Lemira had abandoned you, you'd be just as furious," Caspian retorted, his face a mask of unease, unwilling to admit his own mistake.
He was convinced Evelina had tricked him, "I want you to apologize right now. Do you hear me? Or I'll deal with you myself!"
Evelina nodded hastily, "I'll go apologize to Lemira."
"Not just apologize. You need her forgiveness. Even if Lemira asks you to kneel and polish her shoes, you'll do it," Caspian demanded.
Head bowed, Evelina whispered a
response, "I'll find a way. But I came here to bring you guys some food. I've cooked everything myself, especially for Lucian since I heard he's been having stomach troubles. I've made a special chicken soup, similar to what Lemira used to make." 
Struggling to her feet, Evelina carefully handed the soup to Lucian.
"Lucian, I heard about your stomach issues. This took me a while to get right, trying to match Lemira's recipe as closely as I could. Please, try it." Initially reluctant, Lucian's curiosity got the better of him after seeing Evelina's condition and remembering Lemira's soup he hadn't tasted in ages. Taking a sip, he found it surprisingly similar.
"How is it?" Evelina asked timidly.
"It's okay, not quite Lemira's, but it's a decent attempt," Lucian admitted, his tone softening.
"I know it can't compare, but I wanted to make amends somehow," Evelina said, her voice strained with pain.
Lucian, a bit moved by her effort,
advised, "Then go make things right
изала
with Lemmy. Cut out those old tricks, or you'll find yourself
unwelcome in the Langston family."
en FindNovel
"I understand. This is all on me, not Caspian," Evelina took all the blame upon herself.
Hearing this, Caspian's mood
improved slightly, "At least you're aware. You,.a chauffeur's daughter have been living like a princess among the Langstons. We owe you nothing. If you pull any more stunts, I'll have you thrown out of the Langston family!" 
###Chapter 456
Evelina lowered her head, fear etching every line of her face, but her eyes remained dark and unreadable.
She would never willingly leave the Langston family.
Limping out of the hospital room, she saw Asher approaching. Without a second thought, she feigned weakness and collapsed to the ground.
Asher rushed to her side, cradling Evelina in his arms. "What's wrong? How did you get so hurt?"
Evelina weakly shook her head. "I'm fine, but I need to apologize to Lemmy, clear the air about the past, and get her to forgive Caspian." But as soon as she finished speaking, Evelina pretended to faint. She had no intention of apologizing to Lemira.
Asher immediately called for a doctor to take Evelina away, then turned to confront Caspian in the hospital room. "It's one thing to teach Eve a lesson, but did you have to go so hard on her? She's got a fractured rib!" "Asher, don't play the good guy with me. Wasn't it you who insisted Evelina leave with me yesterday? Don't act like you didn't know. I would never lay a hand on her!"
Asher's expression flickered uncomfortably. "That doesn't justify you nearly killing her. Her dad died saving our parents. If this gets out, how do you expect the Langstons to show their faces?"
"But, Asher, remember, it was this witch who stirred the pot, causing me to lash out at Lemira too!"
"Caspian, you might be soft on Lemira now, but she hasn't shown any mercy. Maybe you should think about how to handle the fallout from that live-streamed assault."
Caspian stood his ground. "Evelina clearing the air and getting Lemira to vent will ensure she doesn't pursue this matter too harshly."
After all, he was also a victim, deceived by Evelina.
Asher scoffed. "Well, that's your mess to clean up, not mine."
In the next room over, Evelina quietly woke up, realizing she had indeed fractured a rib, which explained the pain.
She texted: "Caspian nearly killed me. Why should I continue playing the victim?"
"The worse Caspian beats you, the more sympathy and compensation you'll get from Asher and Lucian. Money is what matters. Once you've drained the Langstons dry, you won't have to worry about them anymore." Evelina thought back to the recent meeting with her father, shocked to find him still alive.
She inquired about the car accident, and her father
mentioned he had bet
prior engagement that day, so a friend was driving instead. 
Evelina felt her father wasn't telling the whole truth.
SWI
The Langstons had always said her father was the driver; when did the story change? But she didn't press further, content knowing her father was working on a solution.
Evelina seethed with hatred. Once
the Langston family was bankrune
and she was in a position of power, she'd make sure they all paid a steep price! 
Barely asleep, Evelina was rudely dragged from her bed.
BUMS
Caspian looked at her coldly. "No time for sleep. Time to apologize to Lemira."
The sooner this was settled, the sooner he'd be free of trouble.
Evelina had no chance to resist; Caspian forced her to come along.
Lemira, having received Caspian's message, was indifferent to seeing anyone from the Langston family.
But things were different now.
She headed straight to the underground parking lot, noting Caspian's caution to avoid the media. Emerging from the elevator, Lemira saw Caspian dragging Evelina by her hair out of the car.
Spotting Evelina, bruised and
battered, Lemira couldn't help but
smirk. "Evelina, surely you
understand your place now. You're just a driver's daughter. How dare you compare yourself to me?" 
QUMS
Pushing Evelina to the brink would force the hidden hand to reveal itself.
Hearing these words, Evelina's anger flared, her gaze burning with hatred towards Lemira.
###Chapter 457
Lemira's tone dripped with sarcasm.
Evelina was seething with anger, silently vowing that once she got her hands on everything the Langston family owned, she would make this wretched woman beg for mercy. She swore it!
Caspian slapped Evelina on the head: "What are you staring at? Apologize!"
Evelina, biting back the pain, said, "Lemmy, it was all my fault back then. I spoke out of turn, and that's why Caspian has held a grudge against you for all these years." Lemira almost laughed upon hearing this.
Only then did Caspian turn to Lemira, his voice a bit stiff: "You heard her. I was deceived by her, which led to the misunderstanding and my harsh treatment of you." "Oh."
Lemira responded indifferently: "Are you done? Because if so, I'm leaving."
As she turned to go, Caspian's voice stopped her: "Lemira, it was all a misunderstanding. Can't you forgive and forget?"
Forgive and forget?
Lemira turned back: "And you think a few light apologies can make up for everything I've been through?"
Caspian's face turned a shade of thunder: "Lemira, whatever you went through, I'll make sure Evelina goes through it too. Is that enough for you?"
Lemira glanced at Evelina, whose face had turned pale with fear, and replied, "How does that even begin to make things right?"
Evelina, in pain, wondered if this was not enough for Lemira. Did she really want her dead?
Caspian moved to say more but was blocked by Debby from TG Group: "Mr. Langston, please, enough."
"And you think you can stop me?"
"Mr. Langston, your agent begged us at TG to handle this violent incident. Unfortunately, we've taken Ms. Langston's side on this." Caspian was furious, feeling belittled.
Lemira entered the elevator, casting a last mocking glance at Evelina.
She was curious to see how much more Evelina could endure.
Recently, Evelina hadn't been seen with that middle-aged man anymore.
Back in her hospital room, Debby said, "Ms. Langston, they'll try
everything to soften your heart
you won't pursue any charges." 
"I know."
Lemira knew the Langstons too well and understood Caspian's intentions.
But she wouldn't agree so easily, nor did she want to let Evelina off the hook. After Debby left, Lemira turned on her laptop.
Her slender fingers flew over the keyboard, hacking into Evelina's phone.
After the day's events, Evelina might contact her father.
Lemira found a conversation on the phone. It was simple but telling.
Evelina's father had instructed her to
feign vulnerability to gain Asher's et
sympathy, aiming to drain the Langston family dry. 
So that was Evelina's game.
Lemira remembered in her past life she had caught Evelina lying and falsifying medical records, even leaking evidence against Asher's company. 
But back then, her brothers didn't believe her.
She ended up thrown out of the house and died miserably in a mental institution.
She never found out if the Langston family was eventually ruined by Evelina.
Thinking about it, Evelina couldn't have done it alone. Her father must have been behind it.
Lemira checked Evelina's phone again but found nothing beyond that conversation.
The number was a burner, untraceable.
###Chapter 458
Lemira finally found only intimate photos of Evelina and Dorian Draven in the encrypted album. Nothing more.
She thought for a moment, then decided to plant a virus on Evelina's phone, to keep tabs on who the little miss perfect was contacting. Lemira shut down her laptop, realizing Evelina's father was indeed very cautious.
And a formidable opponent.
But wasn't Evelina's dad just a country guy who came to the city to work as a driver? How did he know all this high-tech stuff?
The more Lemira thought about it, the more it didn't add up.
But without any leads, she was powerless.
All she could do was wait.
She didn't believe Evelina could keep up her facade forever.
Taking a moment to collect herself, Lemira wandered into the backyard to watch the ants at work.
Soon, a posh lady wearing a hat and mask, looking like she was afraid of being recognized, walked by.
She pulled out her phone and dialed: "Have you found out which room that girl is in?"
Mrs. Amanda thought it best to have a chat with the girl herself, curious about what kind of charm she possessed to have Orion wrapped around her finger.
As Mrs. Amanda made her call, she dodged people, fearful of being spotted by the guards her son had arranged.
If she was seen, she wouldn't be able to approach the girl.
But Mrs. Amanda wasn't watching where she was going. Her high heels missed a step, and she tumbled toward the ground.
""Careful."
Lemira, with quick reflexes, caught the lady.
Mrs. Amanda, heart racing, patted her chest: "Oh my, that scared me to death, young lady, thank you."
Lemira let go, but not before accidentally brushing against her injured arm, her face paling with pain.
Mrs. Amanda quickly helped Lemira to sit down: "Are you alright, dear Do you need to get that looked at? If thereare any issues later on TI take care of it." 
If it wasn't for this young lady, she might have broken a bone in the fall.
Lemira shook her head: "No need, it just hurts a bit when touched."
Feeling a bit guilty, Mrs. Amanda handed Lemira a business card: "Here, take this. If you run into any trouble, feel free to contact me." Mrs. Amanda still had to meet the girl and couldn't afford to waste more time here, or else she'd soon be discovered by her son's men. Lemira glanced at the business card but didn't think much of it.
After Mrs. Amanda hurriedly left, she turned back for a brief moment, feeling like she recognized the young girl.
---
Lemira, squatting in front of a tree, surprisingly received a call from Asher.
She answered nonchalantly: "What's up? Unless it's about the company's firewall, I don't see why we need to talk."
"Asher, did you think I wanted to call you? You know Caspian brought Evelina to apologize to you, and look at her now, beaten up like this. Can't you soften your stance a bit? Do you really want Evelina to get killed?" 
Oh, so he's come to accuse me?
QUMS
Lemira scoffed: "First off, I didn't lay a hand on her. Secondly, I actually found it quite satisfying. Lastly, how is this any of my business!" 
"Asher, don't you have a conscience? After all, you and Eve grew up together. Are you really that heartless?"
"Spare me the moral high ground act. Did you forget I nearly died during that live stream?"
Asher was at a loss for words: "But you're fine, aren't you?"
"Yeah, I didn't die, so now it's not my turn."
Asher sounded helpless: "Lemira, Eve's dad was there for us when our parents died. I'm begging you, let her off the hook." "Are you so sure Evelina's father is dead?"
###Chapter 459
Lemira couldn't find peace whenever she thought about that photograph. Evelina's father was still alive!
The car accident from years ago was definitely more than it seemed.
Asher, with a hint of suspicion in his voice, stated, "Lemira, what are you implying? Eve's father is dead. After he saved you, he went back to save my parents and died in the explosion with them."
"If he died in the explosion, it would be hard to recognize his face, right? Are you sure the man who died was Evelina's father?"
"Of course, I am. I saw the car that belonged to Evelina's father myself. There's no mistake."
Lemira frowned, "No mistake?"
The middle-aged man she saw in the photo was indeed Evelina's father.
So, where did things go wrong?
With a cool tone, Lemira said, "What if Evelina's father didn't die?"
"That's impossible, Lemira. Are you making up excuses to not feel indebted to Eve? By saying her father is still alive?"
Asher was visibly upset.
Lemira found it ridiculous, "You never doubted it, not even once?"
"You think I haven't investigated the accident? The only lead I found was its connection to the Sinclair family, nothing else. If you're so capable, why don't you investigate?"
Lemira took a deep breath, "Besides the Sinclair family, our driver had no issues?"
Asher hadn't doubted it, nor found anything amiss?
"Lemira, Eve's father is dead. Why are you still fixated on a dead man? What's the point?"
Hearing this, Lemira realized the Langston family never suspected the driver.
She suspected Evelina's father might be involved with the Sinclair family.
But she never heard of any feud between the Sinclair family and her parents!
Lemira was going to mention this to Asher, but seeing his obstinate attitude, she decided against it.
To avoid tipping anyone off prematurely.
Asher, growing more frustrated,
said, "Lemira, I can't believe you're this cold-hearted. Caspian was manipulated into acting against you. Can't you give him a secondo chance?" 
en FindNovel
"Only God can give second chances. My job is to send people to meet God. I don't deal with anything else."
After saying that, Lemira hung up the phone.
She decided to investigate on her own since Asher wouldn't believe her.
Once she found Evelina's father and gathered solid evidence, she'd throw it in Asher's face.
Standing up, Lemira glanced over and saw the elegant lady she had noticed earlier at the staircase, seemingly talking to a nurse.
Mrs. Amanda, making her way to the staircase, planned to use the emergency exit.
Her assistant
t now in nurse attire to
blend in, reported, "Ma'am, I've located the girl's room, but the young master has people guarding all exits, including members of the TG Group's PR Team. It won't be easy to get close." 
"He even involved the TG Group's PR Team? Seems he's quite fond of that girl. I'm curious to see which little enchantress has bewitched my son to this extent." 
Mrs. Amanda was somewhat shocked.
Typically, only The Young Mistress of the Everhart Family would receive such treatment, complete with a personal team at her disposal. Orion was quick to extend such privileges to this girl.
This was a troubling development.
Mrs. Amanda glanced at her assistant, "Keep gathering information for me. I'll figure something out."
After the assistant left, Mrs. Amanda turned back to Lemira, "Young lady, what are you looking at?" "Watching ants move house, killing time."
Lemira eyed the affluent woman, "Are you here to visit someone in the hospital?"
###Chapter 460
"Right, I'll head up in a bit. Sweetheart, how did you get hurt? It doesn't look like a fall; more like someone had a go at you?"
Mrs. Amanda could tell at a glance that the injuries on Lemira weren't from a simple tumble. They were the kind you get from someone laying hands on you. Lemira's expression turned a bit awkward: "It's nothing."
"Honey, did someone at home do this to you? You can tell me. You just helped me out big time, and I swear I'll sort this out for you."
Mrs. Amanda, seeing Lemira's expression, jumped straight to the conclusion of domestic abuse.
"Listen here, young lady, you can't let men walk all over you. If he raises his hand, you have to stand up for yourself, got it?"
Lemira couldn't help but let out a mix of a laugh and a sigh: "It's not domestic abuse, but it's not far off. My brother is the one who did this."
"That brother of yours is a real piece of work. If I had a daughter and my son dared to lay a finger on her, I'd break his legs myself. How could he lay hands on his sister?" Mrs. Amanda was fuming.
She looked at Lemira: "Who is your brother? I'll hire the best lawyer in town for you, make him pay for what he did."
"It's okay, I can handle it. But thank you, Mrs. Beautiful."
Hearing the words 'Mrs. Beautiful', Mrs. Amanda couldn't help but touch her face with a hint of pride: "Have I really been looking after myself that well? I'm old enough to be your mom." "You look very young."
Mrs. Amanda's mood improved significantly: "Sweetheart, could you do me a favor? Could you take me up to the VIP hospital wing and say I'm a family member?" "Sure."
Mrs. Amanda was taken aback: "You're not going to ask why?"
"No need."
Lemira stood up: "Let's go, I was heading back to my room anyway."
Mrs. Amanda linked her arm with Lemira's: "Then let's be on our way."
This should keep them from drawing too much attention.
The two of them took the elevator up. The bodyguards stationed nearby exchanged glances but pretended not to see anything.
Maybe Mrs. Amanda is here to visit her future daughter-in-law.
They stepped out of the elevator,
and
Amanda flashed a
relieved at her cleverness.
s to en.FindNovel et
Lemira saw a familiar figure in the corridor and called out, "Orion."
The man turned around, and upon seeing
emira and his stepmotheret
novelet
arm in arm, his usually stoic expression cracked. 
Was he seeing things?
Lemira noticed Orion's bewildered look.
What's going on?
Following Orion's gaze, Lemira turned to the elegant lady beside her.
Mrs. Amanda's eyes widened, and she bolted as if she'd seen a ghost. Busted.
Wasn't Orion supposed to be tied up in an international conference?
Mrs. Amanda, heels and all, dashed down the stairs.
Orion approached Lemira, hesitating: "You're okay, right? What did she say?" "She just asked for directions."
But Lemira sensed Orion's anxiety: "What's wrong? Do you know her?" "The elegant lady?"
Orion scrutinized Lemira's face, his voice filled with unease: "That's it?" "Yeah, just directions. She looked like a well-off lady, very well-maintained." Lemira looked up at Orion: "Do you know her?"
Orion was at a loss for words.
Then, their phones rang simultaneously.
Lemira
from
indie wit must be the alarm Picating she had been in
app monitoring Evelina et
their father. 
###Chapter 461
Orion didn't need to check his phone to know who was calling.
The two exchanged a glance and spoke at the same time.
"You go ahead and take the call."
Orion stepped aside with his phone, while Lemira returned to her room and booted up her laptop.
She quickly attempted to hack into Evelina's phone, but discovered that the malware she had planted was gone.
What's going on?
Did Evelina catch on?
As Lemira tried to implant the malware again, she was met with a firewall counterattack.
Evelina's phone had antivirus software installed.
Lemira didn't linger, withdrawing immediately. Had she just tipped off Evelina?
How did Evelina find out so quickly?
What now?
Evelina would only be more cautious, making it even harder to find any leads.
Staring at her computer, Lemira suspected there was more to Evelina's father than met the eye.
She began to question the car accident from years ago.
Meanwhile, Orion decided to head downstairs, where he indeed found his stepmother lingering at the foot of the stairs, looking uneasy. Mrs. Amanda looked at Orion, "I came to the hospital to see that girl. After all, you've been quite active these past few days for her." She had thought Orion was just acting on a whim, but it turned out he was serious.
"You saw her, right? You didn't say anything to her, did you?"
Mrs. Amanda was surprised, "Say something? I didn't even see her."
She then remembered the girl she had met, who had called out Orion's name.
Mrs. Amanda was stunned, "Was that her?"
Orion nodded somewhat helplessly, "Yes, and you didn't even know who she was when you walked up hand in hand with her?"
"I, I was just worried about being spotted by your people, so I asked a patient inside to lead me upstairs. Who would have thought it would be her?" Mrs. Amanda actually had a favorable impression of the girl.
She became agitated, "Although you have good taste, I don't think she's right for you."
"If you think she's nice, what's the problem?"
"Her background is probably quite humble, and you, being the Everhart heir, should have a wife of equal standing. Otherwise, people will talk."
As a stepmother, Mrs. Amanda
couldn't allow Orion to be with a girl
of humble origins, lest people gossip about her mistreating him by
choosing a common girl.
Orion was somewhat resigned, "Mom, she's remarkable, and I pursued her. She doesn't know about my background."
Mrs. Amanda was momentarily
speechless, her frustration evident, "Regardless, I disapprove of your relationship. You haven't told her about your identity yet, which means you have doubts too, right?" 
"That's not my concern."
But Orion didn't plan on disclosing Lemira's background to Mrs. Amanda, as that would only complicate matters.
He spoke firmly, "Once our relationship stabilizes, I plan to bring her home to meet Grandma."
"What about the arrangement with the Sinclair family?"
Mrs. Amanda panicked, knowing the longstanding expectation of a union between the Sinclair and Everhart families.
Though aware of Orion's
disapproval, she had hoped that in time, without a romantic interest, he might relent, as such arranged marriages were customary. 
But now, Orion had someone he liked.
"If it comes down to it, Matthew isn't too young. He can get engaged to the Sinclair family."
"But Ms. Sinclair is several years older than Matthew."
"It might do Matthew good to have someone to keep him in line, to prevent him from running wild."
As soon as Orion finished, Matthew's shocked voice came from nearby, "Bro, are you really my brother? Why would you do this to me?" Matthew stormed over, looking every bit the wronged party.
Orion glanced at him, "You know exactly what you've done. Did you think you could hide and I wouldn't find you?"
Matthew shrank back, turning to Mrs. Amanda, "Mom, why don't you marry Ms. Sinclair yourself?"
"What are you babbling about, you rascal? How could I possibly marry her?"
"Why couldn't you? It's all about equality these days. Let Dad be a bit more open-minded and not so petty. Ouch, why'd you hit me?"
###Chapter 462
Mrs. Amanda's eyelids were twitching with anger, and it seemed Matthew was born to be her nemesis.
Matthew kept his distance, saying, "I didn't say anything wrong. Since when does getting engaged not require the consent of the people involved?" "Shut your mouth!"
Rubbing her temples in frustration, Mrs. Amanda glanced at Orion before storming off. This was something she needed to carefully think over.
Orion turned to Matthew, "What are you doing at the hospital?"
"Well, I came to get checked up, of course. But then I heard my sister-in-law got into a scuffle, so I came to check on her."
"She's fine, doesn't need your concern. I have something else I need you to do."
Watching his stepmother's retreating figure, Orion knew that if she could find her way to the hospital, so could the Sinclairs. He was determined to clear any rumors before Lemira was discharged, ensuring she didn't suffer any indignity. He shifted his gaze back to Matthew, who was the best man for the job at hand.
Matthew felt a chill run down his spine. "Hey, bro, if you've got something to say, just say it. Don't give me that look."
It sent shivers down his spine, and he knew it spelled trouble.
After Orion had given his instructions, he returned to Lemira's room, finding her in low spirits.
"What's wrong? Who called you just now?"
Lemira hesitated, unsure if she should bring it up with Orion.
The doctor came in for a routine check-up and announced, "Ms. Langston, if there are no further complications, you can be discharged today."
"Thank you, doctor."
Lemira felt she was ready to leave days ago, but Orion had insisted she stay.
Once the doctor left, seeing Lemira's excitement, Orion knew she'd been stir-crazy in the hospital.
After completing the discharge formalities, Lemira planned to head back to her dorm. She was behind on her coursework and worried about her team's base. Orion had no choice but to drive her back to the university.
Parking at the campus entrance, he
took Lemira's
s hand. "Avoid the av
you're fully recovered. Then, I'll belongs to en.kikistoricht
join you for a workout."
"If you join me, wouldn't that be wasting the gym membership fee?"
Orion flicked her forehead. "If anyone hassles you over the livestream or anything else, let me know immediately."
With a slight smile, Lemira said, "I'll head off then."
Watching her leave, Orion found himself unexpectedly reluctant to let her go.
Upon returning to her dorm, Lemira's injuries were still visible, especially the bruises on her arm.
Climbing the stairs, her done
noticed her injuries. Lemira
deliberately wore short sleeves
unafraid of showing her wounds. 
Janice was thrilled to see her back. "Why didn't you tell me you were coming?"
Noticing Lemira's injuries, Janice was instantly concerned. "Does it still hurt?"
"Only if touched, but it's nothing serious."
As Lemira closed the dorm door, she noticed someone had moved into the previously empty bed.
Janice mentioned, "She just arrived today, hasn't moved in yet. Looks like she's loaded, all her stuff is branded."
Since Clara had taken a break and moved out, it had been just the two of them.
Lemira didn't dwell on it and rested after freshening up.
The next day, wearing shorts and a tee, Lemira's bruises were conspicuous, a common summer outfit notwithstanding. Arriving at the academic building, she encountered Evelina, dressed in long sleeves and pants to hide her bruises.
Evelina rushed to Lemira, grabbing
her hand and crying, "Lemmy, it's all my fault. I caused the
misunderstanding between you and Caspian. Blame me, please 
Lemira remained cool. "Blame you for what? Make it clear so everyone can understand."
Evelina's eyes darted around before she knelt down, biting her lip.
###Chapter 463
Lemira couldn't help but feel a mix of surprise and satisfaction as she watched Evelina, who always seemed to hover above her like some untouchable goddess, now kneeling before her, begging for forgiveness. It was a scene she had imagined, but never truly expected to witness. The thought crossed her mind that this must be more torturous for Evelina than if she had been physically hurt.
It was clear that Caspian must have pushed Evelina to her limits for her to resort to such a public display of remorse. As Evelina knelt there, crying her eyes out, she became the center of attention, her voice shaky with emotion. "Lemira, it's my fault that you and Caspian are at odds. Please, don't let my mistake ruin your relationship. I'll do anything if it means you won't be angry with him anymore."
Lemira, standing above the kneeling Evelina, couldn't resist showing off the bruises on her arm, adding to the drama of the moment.
Janice, ever the protective friend, stepped forward and pushed Evelina away. "Can't you see Lemira is hurt? Save your fake apologies. The authorities won't let someone who's done wrong get off easily."
Evelina, still on the ground, lowered her voice, a hint of desperation in her tone. "Lemira, what do you want from me? You hacked my phone, didn't you? Installed some spyware to snoop around?"
Lemira kept her cool, seeing right through Evelina's attempt to probe her. "If I wanted to get into your phone, do you think I'd need to use spyware?"
"You must have. Who else could it be?" Evelina tried to maintain her composure, but panic was setting in. After her father had warned her to be cautious about potential surveillance, she hadn't thought much of it until she actually found the spyware. Deleting her conversations with her father was a reflex born out of fear. If Lemira discovered her father was still alive and informed the Langstons, her position and plans would crumble.
"Lemira, your accusations make me wonder if you're trying to cover up something shady. Are you afraid I'll discover your secrets?" Lemira retorted, clearly enjoying Evelina's discomfort.
"I haven't done anything wrong. But hacking is a crime, you know. Do it again, and I'll call the cops," Evelina bluffed, knowing she couldn't admit to any wrongdoing.
Evelina's continued kneeling only added to her discomfort, both physically and emotionally. She pleaded once more, "Lemira, isn't this enough for you?"
Lemira looked down at her with a smirk. "Enough? We're far from done. Tell Caspian we're through unless you disappear from our lives for good."
With those final words, Lemira left Evelina behind, a pitiful figure surrounded by whispering onlookers. Evelina, feeling utterly humiliated, struggled to her feet, eager to escape the judgmental eyes.
Despite the day's events, Lemira's
attempt to implicate her turned out fruitless. Evelina considered the
possibility that someone else,
perhaps Dorian's mother, fearing her influence over her son, might be behind the hacking attempt. 
Resolved to protect herself, Evelina backed up her phone's contents. Her next move was to seek out Dorian at the business school, hoping his support could shield her from Caspian's wrath. She was tired of being on the receiving end of physical abuse and longed for a reprieve. 
Meanwhile, Lemira returned to her classroom, finding solace in the support of her classmates and the assurance of TG Group's PR Team handling any fallout. She knew the Langstons would soon come
knocking, especially since she was adamant about pressing charges against Caspian for assault. The battle lines were drawn, but Lemira was not afraid. 
###Chapter 464
After finishing her morning classes, Lemira headed to the esports team's headquarters to check on everyone's training progress. However, as soon as she arrived outside the facility, she was instantly mobbed by Caspian's fans.
"Lemira, why are you slandering him by claiming he abused you?"
"Lemira, weren't you satisfied with ruining Alaric's life? Now you're after Caspian too?"
"Do you have any idea how much effort Caspian has put into getting where he is today? Destroying him is like killing him!"
Lemira hadn't expected such a horde of zealous fans to suddenly appear.
"Let's be rational, folks. Don't gang up on our movie star's sister."
Caspian's agent burst through the crowd, addressing the fans, "Caspian has said it was all a misunderstanding, and he doesn't blame Lemira. After all, they're blood thicker than water. Please, don't disrupt Lemira's life."
Hearing the agent's words, Lemira's eyes flashed with scorn.
So, it was all just a staged drama.
Lemira looked at the agent and sneered, "You really think you can cover up the truth this way?"
The agent approached Lemira, speaking in a subdued tone, "Ms. Langston, I don't know what truth you're referring to, but Caspian's still in the hospital. Yet, he's worried about you facing backlash from fans and specifically asked me to protect you here at school." The fans started to get agitated.
"Lemira, do you have no conscience? He's so concerned about you, yet here you are, falsely accusing him of violence."
"How could there be such a venomous sister like you, Lemira?"
The agent, seeing the angry fans, had a glint of triumph in his eyes.
He whispered to Lemira, "Ms. Langston, I'd advise you to be sensible, lest you end up hurting yourself."
"The ones who should be sensible are you guys. If you're not at fault, why rush to these underhanded tactics? Worried about a police statement after their investigation?"
The agent's expression stiffened, "Ms. Langston, after all, you're family. Can't you just talk it out?"
"I don't think there's anything to talk about."
Lemira tried to leave but was blocked by the fans.
That's when the school's security personnel arrived, driving all the fans away, bringing some quiet to the campus.
Lemira pointed at the agent, "He's in on it too, kick him out."
The agent was visibly annoyed, "I'm part of the crew, not a fan. Lemira, driving away the fans will only
tarnish your image further. No one will believe your side of the story." 
en FindNovel
"I've never cared if the fans believe me or not, as long as the police do."
Once the police get involved, Caspian will pay for his actions!
Lemira headed straight for the esports team's headquarters.
With no other options, the agent reluctantly called Caspian, "This isn't working. Your sister's clearly out to get you, showing no signs of backing down or seeking
ef
reconciliation." 
en FindNovel
"That's impossible. Evelina even begged for forgiveness on her knees; she should have cooled off by now."
After hanging up, Caspian, frustrated, smashed things around in his hospital room.
It was only today, after removing the bandages, that Caspian saw the extent of the scars on his face, including keloid scars, which made his appearance frightening. 
He couldn't help but dial Lemira's number, only to be met by her cold voice.
"If you're calling to make amends, save your breath."
"Caspian, I too was deceived by Evelina. And look at me now, disfigured. Haven't I paid enough? Why push me to the brink?"
Caspian was dejected, "If you get me and Alaric jailed, how could you face our parents when visiting their graves during the holidays?"
Why did Lemira have to be so ruthless, showing no mercy or familial affection?
###Chapter 465
Lemira couldn't help but almost laugh when she heard Caspian's words. True to the Langston pedigree, their apologies seemed to be crafted from the same mold. With a cool tone, she said, "How am I supposed to explain to mom and dad during our annual Memorial Day visit to the graves that this has nothing to do with you?" Deep down, she also wanted to ask if her parents were just as furious when she passed away so tragically in her past life, only to be replaced by Evelina as Mrs. Langston. Maybe it was her parents' blessings from beyond, granting her a second chance at life.
"Caspian, I've already clarified the misunderstanding from before and even avenged you by giving Evelina a lesson she won't forget. You saw her today, covered in bruises. What more do you want?" Lemira remembered how Evelina was unusually dressed in long sleeves and pants instead of her typical skirts, probably to cover her wounds.
Her voice dripped with sarcasm, "And you think that's enough to make up for all the suffering I've endured? Evelina's getting off too lightly." "Then tell me, how do you want to settle this score? I'll do it for you."
"It'll depend on how sincere you are about making amends."
After hanging up, Lemira was curious to see to what lengths Caspian would go to reconcile.
Having been caught hacking into Evelina's phone recently, she figured it wouldn't be wise to attempt that again soon.
Evelina would definitely switch phones, making it impossible to gather evidence through that route anymore.
If only she had managed to keep a recording of Evelina talking to her father.
But that wouldn't have been enough anyway, given Evelina could deny it all, claiming it was a burner number.
She needed to corner Evelina, forcing her into a situation with no way out.
What Evelina dreaded most was being ousted from the Langston family, losing the lavish lifestyle and privileges that came with it. After the call, Caspian looked at himself in the mirror, regretting ever letting Evelina manipulate him into turning against Lemira.
If only he hadn't acted that day, none of this would have happened.
He wouldn't be disfigured.
Thinking it through, he called Evelina, "Lucian needs you to bring some healing soup to the hospital."
A hint of menace flickered in his eyes. Since Lemira wanted a resolution, he'd give her one.
All of this was Evelina's doing.
On the other end, Evelina burst into tears upon receiving Caspian's call.
Dorian, feeling sorry for her, consoled, "Why are you crying? What happened?"
"Caspian called me, asking me to deliver food to Lucian at the hospital. I know it's just an excuse. He wants to hit me again." "Eve, why don't you just side with Lemira and expose Caspian's true colors? That way, he can't keep bullying you."
"I can't do that. I grew up in the Langston family. I can't betray them like that. How about you come with me to the hospital?" With Dorian by her side, she was sure Caspian wouldn't dare lay a hand on her.
Dorian hesitated, "It's not that I don't want to go with you, but my mom has bodyguards watching me, can only meet you at school. I have to report everywhere else I go." 
Evelina's tears paused for a moment at the realization of her boyfriend's limitations.
"Eve, if you're in real danger, call me immediately."
Her eyes lit up slightly, "And you'll come to save me?"
"I'll call the police for you."
Frustrated, Evelina clenched her teeth at his lack of commitment. Who needed his help calling the police?
She stormed out of the classroom
attempting to contact w
only to find his number was
disconnected-as always, a disposable number. 
Left with no choice, she reached out to Asher for help, the only one she believed could save her now.
Arriving at the hospital, she made her way to Lucian's room, purposely rolling up her sleeves to expose her bruises, hoping to garner some sympathy. 
As expected, Lucian frowned upon seeing her wounds, "What happened to you now?"
###Chapter 466
Evelina shivered, pulling her coat tighter around her shoulders. "I went to school today to see Lemira. I even got down on my knees and apologized, explaining that none of this was Caspian's fault. But Caspian seems unhappy. He called me, asking me to come back to the hospital. Lucian, I'm scared!" Lucian was well aware of Caspian's temper, which had been particularly volatile towards Evelina these past few days.
He couldn't help but say, "I'll talk to Caspian later. It's not right, him treating you this way."
Caspian burst through the door, his facial scars more intimidating than usual.
Evelina jumped at the sight of him.
He advanced, gripping Evelina's arm tightly. "If you hadn't recorded that video, stirring up trouble by claiming Lemira was going to leak my dark secrets, I wouldn't have laid a finger on her, and none of this would have happened." Evelina quickly looked to Lucian for help.
Lucian reluctantly spoke up, "She really did show you that video, didn't she?"
"Exactly. Even though this lowlife deleted it, I'm not lying. I had no reason to go after Lemira without provocation."
After hearing this, Lucian turned to Evelina, "Is that true?"
Evelina struggled to find the words, "I-I didn't."
Lucian's disappointment was palpable, "You're lying."
He vividly remembered the incident with the bar's surveillance footage. Despite having seen the video himself, Evelina had flatly denied it.
This time, he believed Caspian. The video must have existed but got deleted by Evelina.
Caspian looked at Lucian, surprised, "Lucian, you believe me?"
"Yes, I believe you. Evelina has done something similar before. Lack of evidence doesn't mean it didn't happen. Of course, I believe you. After all, Lemira is our little sister. You wouldn't harm her without reason."
"But Asher won't believe a word I say. Evelina is despicable. She's the reason Lemira and our relationship soured, always stirring trouble between us."
Caspian grabbed Evelina by her hair, "Since I'm scarred, you should bear the same pain."
"No, I can't be disfigured."
Evelina screamed in terror, begging for mercy, "I promise I'll never dare again. Lucian, didn't you say you'd help me?"
Lucian hesitated, "It's just a scar; it won't kill you."
Despair washed over Evelina. She regretted her scheme to gain the Langston family's sympathy.
Her life would be over if she was disfigured.
Caspian brandished a pocketknife, gesturing at her face, "Then, we'll just make a cut here."
"No, please, Caspian! I'll do anything, just don't disfigure me, I'm begging you." "Stop, Caspian, have you lost your mind?"
Asher had rushed back in time to witness the scene, pushing Caspian away, "Are you insane? If word gets out that Eve was disfigured, it won't end well for you either. Haven't we had enough chaos lately?" 
"Asher, all this mess is Evelina's doing, all because of her!"
Evelina, tearful, clung to Asher, "It's all my fault, don't blame Caspian."
"Eve, you're too kind. Remember, you owe the Langston family nothing Your father died saving my parents; it's the Langston family who owes you." 
Evelina looked down, her voice soft, "But I've always considered you my family, growing up in the Langston house. I couldn't do such a thing." 
Asher felt a wave of relief. Evelina was the only one who remained sensible and obedient.
He addressed Caspian, "You forced Eve to apologize on her knees. Did Lemira agree to reconcile with you?" Caspian's face turned red, "No."
"I've always said Lemira was heartless. You should've struck first, ensuring she could never turn the tables on us." Lemira showed no mercy, so neither would he.
###Chapter 467
Caspian was taken aback when he heard that.
Before he could react, Lucian jumped in, "Asher, you can't do this."
"Lucian, if we don't take action first, do you want Caspian to end up behind bars like Alaric? If you have a solution, I'm all ears."
Lucian knew this was a tough situation to navigate.
He sighed, "But Lemira is the victim here, she hasn't done anything wrong. It's Evelina who stirred up trouble and caused this mess. Why should Lemmy back down?"
"I get there's been a misunderstanding, but can't this just be sorted out privately, without making such a big scene?"
Asher felt Lemira was being unreasonable, unwilling to take a step back or compromise.
Lucian was too frustrated to articulate a response.
Asher turned to Caspian, "If you don't follow my advice, you might as well get ready for jail time. Lemira will never let you off the hook."
Caspian remained silent for a moment, contemplating. The last thing he wanted was to ruin his life over this.
He hadn't even clinched the Best Actor award yet.
Seizing the opportunity, Evelina cooed at Asher, "Asher, don't be so upset. It's partly my fault that Lemmy stormed out."
Asher felt a twinge of guilt, "Then, you've been wronged. I happen to have an Aurora Trust; I'll let you manage it."
A flash of delight crossed Evelina's eyes, her plan had worked.
Still, she feigned modesty, "Asher, I might not be capable enough, but I'll do my best not to disappoint you."
"I believe in you. You'll do great."
Caspian was furious, "Asher, you're actually covering for Evelina and compensating her with the foundation. Didn't you say it was meant for Lemira?" "Who Eve is is not for you to remind me."
Asher replied calmly, "Lemira refuses to compromise, and Eve has suffered enough. What's wrong with a little compensation?"
Evelina bowed her head, pretending, "Asher, maybe I shouldn't accept it."
"Evelina, cut the act!"
Caspian couldn't stand her pretense anymore, "I'm going to make sure you suffer just like I have."
"Asher, I'm scared."
Asher stepped in front of Evelina, "You don't have to take this. If he continues, expose his deeds just like Lemira did." "Asher, you're threatening me now?"
Caspian was in disbelief.
Asher scoffed, "Caspian, I'm warning you. Lay a hand on Eve again, and you'll regret it. Let's go, Eve."
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief, her gamble had paid off; she didn't want to endure more hardship.
Caspian watched Evelina's retreating figure, seething with rage.
He turned to Lucian, "Lucian, has Asher lost his mind?"
Lucian could only offer a wry smile, "Caspian, didn't I warn you? You'd regret it someday."
Caspian was at a loss for words, his spirit crushed.
Who would have thought karma would strike so swiftly?
"What should I do now?"
"Since you were the one who acted, you're So at fault. You should b
bee
apologizing and making amends to Lemmy, not Evelina."
belongs to en.kikist
Caspian's expression twisted awkwardly; how could he face the world like this?
Was Lemira entirely blameless?
After class, Lemira saw that Caspian's fans causing a scene at the school had made the news.
But the incident didn't cause much of a stir.
With the police's preliminary investigation, most people were reserving judgment.
While refreshing the news, Lemira noticed Matthew had made headlines. What's going on?
Matthew had done an interview where a reporter asked if Ms. Sinclair's visit to the bridal shop meant the two families were mearing a happy announcement. 
Matthew flatly denied, "Asher and Ms. Sinclair have never been involved, much less engaged. It's all media fabrication. Asher is currently seeing someone, and things are going well." 
###Chapter 468
No sooner had the news hit the internet than it became the talk of the town.
Lemira caught sight of Matthew's statement online, and it seemed clear that Ms. Sinclair was out of the picture. Susanna had been boasting non-stop about her sister's impending engagement to the power heir.
Now, it looked like Susanna was running out of bragging rights.
After hanging back for a while until the crowd thinned, Lemira and Janice finally stepped out of the classroom.
They bumped into Susanna, who was furiously on the phone, "Tell those media vultures to zip it. My sister and the Everhart family are already discussing engagement plans. Matthew is just spouting nonsense." Susanna was on the verge of a meltdown.
Matthew's baseless claims had turned her into a laughingstock among her peers.
As Lemira passed by, Susanna awkwardly ended her call, "Lemira, you must be secretly laughing at me too. But let me tell you, Matthew is full of it. Soon, the Everharts will announce their engagement to my sister." Lemira replied nonchalantly, "Then, congratulations in advance."
"Hmph, at least you know your place. After all, my sister is the most sought-after belle in Orvin, childhood sweethearts with the Everhart heir."
Susanna couldn't hide her pride.
Lemira didn't linger, walking away with Janice, who whispered, "Heard Susanna's off the hook. The family that was bullying her dropped the lawsuit." "How? I thought the evidence was solid."
"It was, but apparently, the Everhart family stepped in, and another classmate took the fall for Susanna. She bragged about it before."
Lemira remembered the bullying video she found on Susanna's phone, the girls were tormented mercilessly.
Yet, the real culprit was still at large.
Lemira thought about Asher's revelation that the car running the red light years ago belonged to the Sinclair family, and someone had fled the scene, suggesting a scapegoat. The real perpetrator remained free.
Now, she found out even the Langston family's driver was under suspicion.
Lemira's mind was in turmoil, trying to piece together the past.
Could Evelina's father have ties to the Sinclair family?
"Lemira, your phone's been buzzing non-stop."
Snapped back to reality by Janice, Lemira saw Orion's call.
A smile crept across her face as she answered cheerfully, "Hey."
"Finished with classes? I'll come pick you up."
Lemira recalled Orion's promise to take her somewhere special after her discharge.
She couldn't help feeling excited.
"Sure, but I need to swing by the team's base first, to sort some things out."
"Alright, I'll come by later."
After setting a time with Orion, Lemira noticed Janice's curious gaze, "Why look at me like that?"
"Was that your boyfriend? You seem really happy."
Lemira coughed slightly, "Something like that."
Upon arriving at the base, Lemira
announced, "Everyone's going to et
spar with me one-on-one. I want to see how much you've aved." 
swm
But the atmosphere at the base felt unusually tense.
A senior team member approached Lemira, glancing upstairs, "Lemira, someone's here to see you."
With a puzzled look, Lemira headed upstairs, noting several bodyguards stationed outside.
She entered the office to find
ced by a hat, sunglasses, and Caspian, his face almost entirelynet
mask. 
Lemira's tone was icy, "What are you doing
nere? I've said everything t to be said over the phot
Caspian stood up, removing his sunglasses, his gaze weary and defeated.
He then took off his mask, revealing a face marred by a hideous, crimson scar.
###Chapter 469
Lemira's first clear glimpse of Caspian's face post-injury struck her hard.
The last time they had met outside the police station, his face was wrapped in bandages, concealing the extent of his injuries.
Now, there was no hiding the long, prominent scar stretching across his cheek, its red, raw flesh standing out grotesquely. For someone like Caspian, whose career thrived in the spotlight, this was a devastating blow. And given the depth of the wound, simple remedies were off the table.
The office was eerily silent.
Caspian, looking deflated, pulled out a velvet box and laid it on the desk, revealing a set of pink diamond jewelry - a necklace, a bracelet, and a ring.
With a hoarse voice, he said, "I know you gave the diamond ring I bought you to Evelina as an apology gift, so I bought you a new set to make up for it."
Lemira couldn't help but scoff at the sight.
"I don't need these anymore," she said coldly.
"Lemira, I know I was harsh on you back then, blaming you for leaving me. But now I realize I was duped by Evelina. If I had known the truth sooner, I wouldn't have treated you that way."
Lemira thought back to her tragic end in a past life.
Frankly, she found Caspian's words hard to believe.
Caspian, gauging Lemira's reaction, felt a sinking feeling, just as Asher had predicted.
Lemira, sitting back, said, "Are you done? Take your things and leave. I have a lot to deal with."
Her expression was icy, utterly unmoved.
Caspian, unable to hold back, blurted out, "Lemira, you see what's become of my face. Even if you drop the charges, my career is over. Can you really stand to see me locked up?"
"If that's your argument, you should be asking Evelina to face jail time. After all, she's the real culprit, isn't she?"
Caspian fell silent for a moment. "She's deleted the video that could've proved her guilt. I have no evidence."
"Then you should be confronting Evelina, not me."
Lemira's eyes sparkled with sarcasm. "So, you think I should forgive you because your face is ruined, and I should just bear all the slander?" "That's not what I meant."
"Then I must have misunderstood you. Please, leave."
Lemira didn't even let Caspian get another word in; she was too busy for this.
Caspian stepped forward in disbelief. "Lemira, I'm your brother. If anyone's a victim here, it's me!"
"If you were the one at fault, I'd accept it, Caspian continued, still not giving up. "But I was tricked by Evelina too. How can you not see my
side?" 
Understand him?
Lemira's voice dripped with irony. "So, what? You beat Evelina up, make her apologize publicly, and I'm supposed to forgive you just dike
that?" 
"I didn't say that. But Evelina is the main culprit. You should be holding her accountable."
Caspian thought he was the innocent party here.
Lemira laughed outright. "Then you should be asking Evelina to atone for you, just like Alaric took the fall for her."
Caspian's face darkened. With Asher protecting Evelina, there was no way she'd serve time for him.
Watching Lemira's retreating figure,
he said disappointedly, "Lemira, no wonder Asher said you've become cold-hearted. Now I see it for myself." 
He had shown her his injured face, yet she hadn't softened at all.
"Lemira, you're like a totally different person. I can hardly believe you're my sister!"
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Caspian would never have believed Lemira could be so merciless.
Lemira's lips curled coldly. "Because the Lemira who used to bend over backward to please you, who was always meek and compliant, is dead."
"Lemira, even if you suffered because of us in the past, we're still family. I just don't get it. Why let things come to this?"
###Chapter 470
"The reason you're all making such a fuss is because you can't take advantage of me. And since you claim we're family, it's only fair you face the consequences too." Lemira was no longer susceptible to guilt-tripping.
After dropping that bomb, she stormed out of the office, shoving past a bodyguard who tried to stop her with more strength than she was known for.
These past years, she'd learned one brutal truth: being kind to the Langstons was akin to being cruel to herself.
Caspian stood alone in the office, fuming and kicked his desk in frustration. "Lemira, you're forcing my hand. Don't blame me for not leaving you a way out!" Outside in the hall.
Lemira, along with her team, was deep in a practice match, oblivious to when Caspian had left.
After wrapping up the session, she checked her phone and saw a message from Orion: "I'm at the school gate. Come out when you're done." Suddenly, Lemira felt a flutter of nerves.
She grabbed her bag and headed to the school gate, just in time to see Orion's car parked by the curb.
Subconsciously, she touched her hair by her ear before approaching the car.
"Here."
Orion handed her a bouquet of flowers, catching Lemira off guard. She hugged them close, "Thank you."
"Why the surprise?"
Glancing at the flowers in her lap, Lemira said, "It feels surreal. You don't strike me as the flower-giving type."
"No one is incapable of giving flowers unless they pretend not to know how."
As Orion drove, he asked, "Caspian's fans giving you trouble?"
"Yeah, they tried every trick in the book to guilt-trip me. But I won't cave."
At least, not for now.
If Caspian also fails to handle Evelina, Lemira might have to return to the Langston fold, gradually uncovering the true face behind the facade, eager to see if this so-called family would truly sacrifice for each other or end up at each other's throats over self-interest. "They claim to be thicker than water, right? I'd love to see if they truly stick together or start tearing each other apart when push comes to shove," Lemira said.
Orion, noticing Lemira's unaffected mood, felt slightly relieved.
Suddenly, Lemira mentioned, "Oh, Matthew made the headlines today. Did you hear?"
Orion's grip on the steering wheel tightened, "Really?"
"Yeah, he was clarifying that his brother's engagement to Ms. Sinclair was just a rumor, and that his brother already has someone he likes." 
Orion cleared his throat, "And what do you make of that?"
"It's hard to say. Though Matthew clarified, it would've been more appropriate if the person directly involved did. But with these elite families, who knows? Maybe there's just a temporary rift between the Everhart and Sinclair families, and they might just announce something officially soon." 
"Impossible."
Orion immediately dismissed the idea.
Lemira turned to him, "You seem so sure, almost as if you're the Everhart heir."
Orion kept his eyes on the road, words almost escaping him, "Lemira."
Suddenly, a car swerved dangerously close, forcing Orion to slam on the brakes, narrowly avoiding a collision.
Startled, Lemira rolled down the window and yelled, "Do you even know how to drive? Was your license bought?" Seeing Lemira so animated, Orion decided against revealing anything.
When they reached a more secluded spot, Lemira noticed several helicopters parked on the lawn.
"We're taking a helicopter?" she asked, turning to Orion.
"Whose idea was this, Thaddeus Draven?"
Orion's expression faltered, "You guessed right."
She knew it; it wasn't like him to plan such things.
Approaching the helicopters, Lemira asked, "Is this rented or bought?"
"Bought."
Orion often used helicopters for work to save time, probably a convenience provided by Thaddeus. Lemira nodded, not pressing further.
But just
Voey were about to board
a woman's anxious
d from behind, "Orie, it's
me." 
who
Turning, Orion's face darkened at the sight of Sophia approaching.
###Chapter 471
Orion furrowed his brow and glanced at the assistant beside him.
Lemira turned her head slightly, "Did I just hear someone call your name?"
"You must have heard wrong."
Orion shifted, blocking Lemira's view. On the other side, Sophia was surrounded by a few bodyguards and taken away.
Soon, the helicopter took off and left.
Sophia could only watch helplessly as Orion left with that girl, nearly bursting into tears.
She had just seen Orion being so gentle with that girl.
Sophia had never seen this tender side of Orion before, and she couldn't suppress the jealousy rising in her heart. After all, her lifelong dream was to marry Orion, become his wife, and have a couple of kids with him. But now, this dream seemed shattered by the sudden appearance of this woman.
She was determined not to let Orion go to anyone.
Sophia's assistant approached her, "Ms. Lemira, I managed to snap a picture of that girl, though it's not very clear."
Sophia glanced at the photo and immediately recognized who the girl was.
She had seen her before in the hospital, but had believed Thaddeus's denials.
Damn, she had been fooled.
Sophia fumed, "Find out everything about this girl, by any means necessary."
"No need for that," the assistant interjected. "This girl is Lemira. She's the one who was involved in that incident with your sister Susanna at school. It's been all over the internet recently." "So, it's her."
A sly smile crossed Sophia's face; things were falling into place easier than she thought. If Mrs. Amanda knew what this girl was really like, she'd surely oppose her.
She pulled out her phone and dialed Mrs. Amanda, "Mrs. Amanda, are you free for a coffee this afternoon? There's something I've been thinking about a lot and feel I should discuss with you." She had to let Mrs. Amanda, let Mrs. Eileen know what kind of person this girl truly was.
Only she was the right match for Orion.
Lemira and Orion took the helicopter to a secluded but beautiful restaurant.
The place was beautifully decorated, perfect for a date.
But Lemira, lowering her voice, commented, "This place doesn't seem very busy. There are hardly any customers."
"Probably because it's out of the way."
Orion didn't mention he had booked the entire venue.
After finishing their meal in silence, Lemira's etiquette at the table had improved significantly, feeling the weight of maintaining an image. 
Orion offered her a napkin, "Fancy a walk?"
"Sure."
As they walked side by side, their hands unintentionally touched, causing her heartbeat to accelerate. The next second, he took her hand in his.
Seeing their shadows together under the moonlight, hand in hand, added a layer of intimacy to the moment. They continued walking in silence until Orion stopped and looked down at her, "Bored?"
"Not really. I just think the scenery would be prettier during the day."
"They say it's more romantic at night."
As he finished speaking, fireworks suddenly lit up the sky, illuminating the night.
Lemira looked up at the fireworks, but Orion's gaze was fixed on her, "Do you like it?"
"I've seen beautiful fireworks before, but this feels different, probably because of who I'm with."
Lemira turned to look at him,
fireworks bursting behind him,
in a way that was hard to loo
highlighting his handsome features
from. 
Was it his looks that caught her eye at first?
BUMS
away
Orion, a bit nervous, said, "Lemira, I'm not as great as you might think. I can hesitate and back down, but seeing you hurt, I swore I'd never let anything like that happen to you again. So..." 
"So what?"
"So, would you be my girlfriend? Let me take care of you from now on, okay?"
###Chapter 472
Orion extended his hand towards her, his gaze deep and intense.
Lemira bit her lip, feeling a flutter of excitement, and placed her hand in his.
She looked up, "Orion, thank you for being there for me when I needed it most."
Perfect
timing.
After she spoke, Lemira sneezed, "Seems a bit chilly in the hills."
"I better get you home; it's getting late."
Holding hands, they walked outside together, Lemira glancing at their intertwined fingers, her mood lifting. After leaving the Langston estate, she was no longer alone.
She had friends, and now, a boyfriend.
But the journey took longer than expected, and Lemira had to run to her dorm, fearing she'd be late.
Out of breath, she made it back, receiving a message from Orion: "If you didn't make it, I'm waiting outside."
"Made it last minute, exhausted."
Lemira, panting, sat down as her roommate, Janice, poured her a cup of hot chocolate: "How was your date?"
"It was good; we made it official today."
After a sip, Lemira felt better.
"He's the one who gave you the pain relief cream, right? I knew he liked you, even when you denied it." Lemira smiled, "Tomorrow, I'll buy the team some milkshakes."
After getting ready for bed, she texted Orion: [What are you doing?]
[Just got home, get some rest.]
Orion parked at Ms. Ashworth's old house. After sending the message, he went inside.
Mrs. Eileen sat on the couch, waiting: "You're home? Insisting your brother clarify things with the Sinclair family, you're serious about this girl?"
"Yes."
"Any other girl would do, but not her. Unless you tell her everything, and she still accepts you, I won't oppose."
Orion remained silent, "I need time."
"I'll give you a month. If it's not settled by then, I'll step in."
Mrs. Eileen's stern look carried the weight of her authority; she didn't want to see either of them hurt. Orion, worried for her health, agreed, "I'll handle it."
Mrs. Eileen sighed deeply, why did it have to be that girl, a twisted fate indeed.
---
The next morning, Lemira headed to class in high spirits.
The sky was clear; she even sent Orion a picture of it.
After sending it, she saw Evelina, dressed in designer from head to toe, strutting her way. Evelina's outfit must've cost a fortune.
Stopping near Lemira, Evelina
1
bragged, Thanks to you letting Caspian mess with me, Asher kas put me in charge of the Aurora Trust." 
Aurora Trust?
Lemira's face fell, "Why would Asher do that?"
That trust was her parents' legacy.
It was meant for her, not Evelina!
Evelina flaunted her designer bag, "This is Asher's way of making it up to me for being wronged. If you have a problem, take it up with Asher." 
After enduring so much, why not accept some compensation?
The Langstons owed her that much!
With that, Evelina walked away in her heels.
Frustrated, Lemira called Asher, "You gave the Angel Fund to Evelina?"
"Yes, it you've
been
the Langston Conovera
disobedient, causing et
chaos in the Langston fot
Consider this a lesson." 
###Chapter 473
Lemira couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of it all. Being lectured? Really?
With a frosty tone, she retorted, "You could have compensated Evelina in so many other ways, but you deliberately handed over the Aurora Trust to her. That was mom and dad's legacy. What gives you the right to give something so precious to an outsider?"
"Because Evelina's dad died trying to save our parents. She has been nothing but obedient and sensible throughout the years with the Langstons, and yet, she has faced so much injustice. Compensating her like this is only fair."
Lemira snorted dismissively, "Are you so sure Evelina's father died for our parents?"
"What else? I've investigated this matter countless times. Lemira, you just can't accept owing Evelina's family a debt, hence the constant skepticism. Is it really worth it?"
Hearing Lemira's angry voice made Asher's day a lot better. For a while now, Lemira had been quite smug, acting as if she didn't care about anything, pushing the Langston family to the brink.
Alaric's eSports team investments went down the drain, leading to massive financial losses.
And now, if Caspian got blacklisted, the compensation would be even more astronomical.
Asher couldn't let his years of business planning suffer because of this.
He knew Lemira would be bothered about the Aurora Trust.
"So, you did it on purpose?" Lemira gritted her teeth.
"Of course, I did. What about it? You said you wanted to cut ties with the Langstons, so everything about the Langstons shouldn't matter to you anymore."
Asher was adamant he could handle Lemira.
"If you keep up this nonsense and insist on suing Caspian, then I'll give everything our parents left to Evelina. After all, we owe her family that much."
"You wouldn't dare!"
Lemira was fuming.
Had Asher lost his mind?
A cold smirk played on Asher's lips, "There's nothing I wouldn't dare to do. After all, you've shown no consideration for the Langstons' interests, so why should I consider yours? You chose to leave, making Eve the rightful daughter and heir to everything."
"But those are my inheritance! You have no right to give them to Evelina!" Lemira's eyes reddened with rage, determined not to back down this time.
"But mom and dad only made a verbal
Suomise, they didn't leave a before they passed, et
it's pointless." Contoret
After saying that, Asher added, "Did you think by leaving the Langstons, everyone should come begging
to you? Impossible!"
The call ended abruptly.
Staring at her phone, Lemira trembled with anger.
She had underestimated Asher's shamelessness.
To force her into submission, he wouldn't hesitate to stoop so low.
If Evelina was comfortable within the Langstons, the culprit behind the scenes would remain hidden.
Taking a deep breath, Lemira knew she had to find a solution.
She wouldn't let Evelina take what her parents left her, nor would she let the perpetrator get away scot- free.
Fuming, Lemira headed to class, but her mind was in turmoil and needed sorting out.
She decided to consult her lawyer first to see if there was any truth to Asher's claims.
Throughout the class, Lemira barely paid attention.
After class, she went straight to the eSports team's base to focus on training.
But upon entering, she saw Susanna and another attractive woman with a great figure.
Lemira remembered seeing this woman at the hospital after an accident, seemingly familiar with Thaddeus and the others.
With a haughty tilt of her chin, Susanna announced, "Sis, she's here."
Approaching Lemira, Sophia
extended her hand warmly, "Nice to see you again. Let me introduce
myself, I'm Susanna's Victo
AO.UMS
Lemira was taken aback, "Susanna's sister? That's quite the coincidence."
"I only recently found out about the misunderstanding between you and my sister came specifically to clear the air. You know Thaddeus and the others, so I guess we can consider ourselves friends now?" 
Lemira couldn't quite accept the 'friend' label just yet.
QUMS
With a polite smile, she responded, "The issues between Susanna and me have been resolved."
###Chapter 474
The Sinclair family had a change of heart, or so it seemed. They dropped their vendetta against her, and in return, she hadn't released any of the dirt she had on Susanna. It was an uneasy peace, but peace nonetheless.
But Lemira wasn't naive enough to think they were just looking to bury the hatchet. She knew she wasn't that important.
Sophia offered a thin smile, "Susanna acted rashly, pulling our sponsorship without consulting the family. I'm here to discuss reinstating our support. After all, the Sinclair family has been a sponsor for years. It's not like us to just withdraw."
"Thanks, but no thanks. We've found another sponsor," Lemira quickly rebutted.
At this, Susanna couldn't help but interject, "Lemira, my sister is extending an olive branch. Don't slap it away."
Sophia cut her off, "Susanna, please. Be polite."
"Sis, you're being too generous as it is, and she's still playing hard to get," Susanna fumed, unable to swallow her pride.
Lemira looked at Sophia, "Maybe we can revisit this sponsorship thing some other time. Just not right now."
She wasn't completely shutting them down, a nod to their standing.
After saying her piece, Lemira went back to training.
Sophia watched Lemira play, impressed despite herself, "She really is good at gaming."
It reminded her of Orion's own skills, before the accident that had driven him away from the esports scene.
"Why are you even dealing with this, sis?" Susanna asked, always looking up to Sophia, aspiring to her level of grace and poise.
Sophia's tone was pensive, "Just curious. What started the beef between you two as soon as school started?"
Was it possible Lemira knew about Orion's true identity and was giving her sister a hard time on purpose? "You have no idea how arrogant she is. She even looked down on our Business School, so I had to put her in her place. I heard she was quite the troublemaker in high school, always hanging out with the school doctor, and they're still together, rumor has it. She's a mess.
"She had a boyfriend in high school? And he was the school doctor?"
"Exactly. You don't need to be nice to her."
Sophia thought this was juicy information.
Perhaps Orion hadn't disclosed his real identity to Lemira, likely keeping his guard up.
She decided Mrs. Amanda needed to hear about this. Although only a stepmom, she was deeply invested in Orion's affairs. If Orion ended up with someone of questionable reputation, it would reflect poorly on Mrs. Amanda's stewardship. 
Susanna whispered, "Matthew blurted out that your engagement to the Everhart family was a sham, and you didn't even clarify. It's embarrassing me at school.
Sophia's smile waned.
swnove
"No need to fall into the trap of self-justification. Matthew doesn't speak for his brother."
"But I saw your fiancé leaving a bar with some vixen. Is he cheating?"
"Stop gossiping."
Sophia hadn't mentioned Lemira to Susanna to avoid spooking her.
But she was starting to piece things together. That's why the Sinclair family had been facing trouble lately.
When Susanna targeted Lemira, Orion must have intervened behind the scenes, all to defend Lemira.
A chill ran down Sophia's spine, yet she saw an opportunity. If Orion was keeping his identity a secret, it was probably nothing serious.
She was the one destined to be with Orion, not Lemira.
The Sinclair sisters didn't linger long.
Once they were gone, Lemira let out a sigh of relief. What were they up to now?
She then checked her phone and saw a message from Mr. Alfred, essentially saying she needed
a
witness for her parents' will net
preferably her brother. 
The only person who might help her was Lucian.
Hesitantly, she dialed his number, but Asher picked up, "Lemira, calling on your own? Trying to convince Lucian to vouch for you? Fat chance!"
###Chapter 475
Lemira certainly didn't expect Asher to be on the other end of the call.
Her voice was icy, "Where's Lucian?"
"Lucian? Who's that? You can't even bring yourself to call him brother, and you think you have rights to the Langston family's fortune? You're not even a part of the Langston family anymore. What makes you think you deserve anything?"
Asher felt a rush of triumph, finally having the upper hand over Lemira.
Lately, this girl had been nothing but a thorn in his side.
Lemira replied with unwavering determination, "That's my inheritance from mom and dad. You have no right to decide who gets it. I'd rather donate it to the Heartbridge Society than let Evelina have any of it."
"In your dreams. Unless you drop the lawsuit against Caspian and Alaric, I won't give you anything. Otherwise, it all goes to évelina. I mean what I say."
The call ended abruptly.
Lemira kicked the table in frustration, feeling utterly disgusted.
Soon after, she received a call from Maple Group, "Lemira, I've got some not-so-great news." "Out with it."
"Remember how Lucian's company failed to win the bid? Well, they've been quite active lately, competing against our Maple Group and spreading rumors about us."
After hearing this, Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile. The Langston family was making their move. "What kind of rumors?" she asked.
"They're saying you're Ms. Langston, involved in the Langston Group's Al project, ran away from home with their trade secrets, and then had the audacity to sue them."
"That's all they've got?"
Lemira knew she couldn't just sit back and let the Langston family continue to haunt her.
After her team's practice session, she headed straight to the gym to work out.
While on the treadmill, she heard Orion's voice, "Didn't I tell you to rest for a few days?"
Hearing his voice, Lemira quickly adjusted the treadmill's speed.
Looking at the man beside her, she asked, "What brings you here?"
"Did you talk to Mr. Alfred about splitting the Langston family's assets?"
"Yes, I never cared much for those assets, but Asher insists on giving Evelina my parents' inheritance. I can't stand for that."
When Lemira's parents had passed away, the family was nearly bankrupt.
The wealth the Langston family had accumulated was thanks to her brothers hard work. She had no interest in it, so Evelina could have her share, but not her parents' legacy. 
en FindNovel
Orion understood Lemira's stance, "I can't believe they'd stoop so low to force you to back down." "Every time, whenever something like this happens, they always resort to such tactics to make me yield."
Lemira looked at Orion, "And then there's the plagiarism issue during Maple Group's bidding, with Asher spreading rumors that I stole the Langston family's trade secrets." 
en FindNovel
"What's your plan?"
Seeing the look on Lemira's face, Orion knew she had something in mind.
"I'm thinking of holding a press conference to clear everything up once and for all, so the Langston family can't keep hoping for a miracle." 
Time to burn bridges.
Orion's lips curved slightly, "Sounds good."
"Since you agree, I'll have TG Group's PR Team set up the press conference."
Lemira refused to let Asher's tactics disgust her any longer.
Orion handed her a bottle of water, "Looks like you don't need my help after all."
###Chapter 476
Lemira had been plotting her move against the Langstons for a while.
She turned to him and said, "Of course."
"Whatever you need, just ask."
"I need you by my side, supporting me. Even if I have to do some shady things to take down the Langstons, I need you to always stand by me."
Lemira's gaze carried a hint of uncertainty.
But he just flicked her forehead and said, "Of course. If you decide to go rogue, I'll be your lookout." Lemira's lips curled into a slight smile. "It won't come to that. I'm a law-abiding citizen, after all."
After their workout, they shared a dinner together.
Orion dropped her back at college, parking by the curb, he pondered for a moment before speaking, "I've got a business trip in a few days. I'll try to make it back in time for your press conference."
"Don't worry about it. Your work is important. The PR team has the press conference under control. They're pros."
Lemira hadn't planned on having Orion by her side for everything.
Dealing with the Langstons was something she felt she should do on her own.
After watching Lemira enter the college, Orion finally dialed Thaddeus, "Lemira's hosting a press
conference in a few days. If I can't make it back in time, keep an eye out for her, will you?"
"Sure, no problem. But making Matthew publicly clear up that engagement rumor with Ms. Sinclair, aren't you worried about offending the Sinclairs?"
"I've given the Sinclairs face for years. It's their loss if they don't appreciate it."
Orion had never acknowledged an engagement with Sophia Sinclair, despite giving the Sinclair family opportunities to clarify things, which they never took.
So now, if he had to set the record straight himself, so be it.
After ending the call with Thaddeus, once Lemira messaged him she was back in her dorm, Orion concluded the conversation.
Upon receiving a quirky emoji from Orion, Lemira finally put down her phone.
Noticing the bathroom was occupied, she glanced at Janice, "New roommate?"
"Yeah, but she's a bit special."
Before Janice could elaborate, the girl from the restroom emerged.
Lemira then realized just how 'special' Janice meant.
The new roommate had a limp, though she tried to slow her pace, it was still noticeable.
Lemira briefly caught her eye before introducing herself, "Hi, I'm Lemira."
"Hi," came the cool response, without a self-introduction, quite aloof.
Lemira didn't mind too much.
Janice texted her, [She's not from our department, seems like a journalism student. The dorm. keeper asked us to look out for her. But she doesn't seem to like talking much.] 
en FindNovel
Lemira replied, [Alright, we'll help if we can.]
The next day, Lemira and Janice went to class without the new roommate, who hadn't woken up yet.
After class, Lemira received a notice from the college, "Lemira, the
Sinclair family will resume the ne
sponsorship of the team. Please arrange a meeting." 
"Professor, we already have a sponsor. We don't need the Sinclair's sponsorship."
"Lemira, the Sinclair family has been a sponsor for many years. It would be rude to reject them outright. Please handle it."
The professor hung up without giving Lemira a chance to refuse, leaving her slightly uneasy.
She hoped it was as Ms. Sinclair said, just a simple sponsorship.
As Lemira was leaving the
classroom, she saw Evelina rushing in, tears streaming down her face, grabbing her hand, "Lemmy, Lucian's not doing well. His last wish is to see you one last time. Please, come to the hospital!" 
###Chapter 477
Lemira eyed Evelina's tearful performance with a mix of skepticism and alarm.
When something seems too good to be true, it often is.
What new scheme was Evelina cooking up this time?
The crowd of students around them had grown, some even pulling out their phones to capture the
moment.
Evelina, with eyes red from crying, pleaded, "Lemmy, if you just agree to visit Lucian in the hospital one last time, I'll be forever grateful."
Lemira's lips curved in a slight smirk as she stepped forward, taking Evelina's hand.
"Why are you making such a scene? You're just wasting precious time. Let's head to the hospital now." Evelina was stunned. Had she heard right?
Lemira, agreeing to visit Lucian at the hospital? Given Lemira's well-known disdain for such dramatic gestures, this was unexpected.
Evelina had banked on Lemira's refusal, setting the stage for this very drama.
But Lemira didn't take the bait!
Gathering her things, Lemira tugged at Evelina, "Come on, let's not waste any more time."
Reluctantly, Evelina followed Lemira out of the classroom.
Striding across the schoolyard, Lemira could hear Evelina's voice trailing behind her, "Lemira, since when do you care about the Langstons? Why the sudden concern for Lucian?"
Lemira glanced back, her gaze piercing, "Did you really think I wouldn't see right through your little act? You're too transparent."
"What are you talking about? I'm just the messenger here. You're reading too much into it."
Fuming, Evelina clenched her teeth. Her plan had been exposed by Lemira.
Darn it, she had even arranged for someone to record the event.
With a scoff, Lemira said, "Then let's get going. You call the cab."
Evelina begrudgingly hailed a cab.
She wouldn't have bothered with Lemira if not for her father's insistence on maintaining appearances to continue reaping benefits from the foundation
swnovel
Upon arrival at the hospital, Lemira headed straight for Lucian's room.
Hogan, surprised to see her, greeted, "Ms. Lemira, what brings you here?"
"Evelina made quite the scene at school, down on her knees, claiming Lucian was on his deathbed and wanted to see me. How could I not come?"
As Lemira finished her explanation,
Evelina rushed in, trying to justify herself Lucian, I didn't mean any harm. +thought seeing Lemira might lift your spirits before your surgery."
Lucian frowned, "Evelina, I'd appreciate it if you didn't make such decisions on my behalf in the future."
"Evelina, I've had enough of your so-called 'comfort food.' I want you out, and don't bother bringing me food again."
Startled, Evelina protested, "Lucian, what did I do wrong?"
"Just leave, don't make me repeat myself."
Lucian was visibly upset.
Resentfully, Evelina left the room, shooting Lemira a smug look.
Lemira glanced at the broken bowl
on the floor, her tone mocking,
"Evelina made it sound like you were knocking on death's door. You seem fine to me." 
Lucian, slightly embarrassed, admitted, "Honestly, Evelina's cooking isn't my cup of tea. You can ask Hogan if you don't believe me."
"Yeah, Evelina's always pushing her dishes on us, but the boss hardly touches them."
Lemira eyed the remnants on the floor, "Seems like 'hardly' is an understatement."
She openly called out Lucian's lie.
Lemira had never cared about their blatant favoritism toward Evelina, but their futile attempts to appear impartial were both amusing and pitiful.
###Chapter 478
Lucian's face went through a spectacular range of emotions in a split second.
If I had to sum it up, it was akin to the look of someone caught cheating.
Hogan quickly tried to smooth things over: "Ms. Lemira, you're the only sister that matters. No matter how much Evelina tries to curry favor, she can't surpass your place."
"To be honest, I'm not too concerned about who's more important right now. I'm here because I have something to discuss.'
Lemira glanced at Hogan: "Would you mind waiting outside? I worry some might eavesdrop."
Lemira didn't underestimate Evelina anymore.
In her past life, her defeat could very well be attributed to Evelina's father's interference.
After Hogan left, Lucian quickly said, "Lemmy, what did you want to talk about? As long as it's within my power, I'm here to help."
"It's straightforward. Before our parents passed, they made a verbal will, and you were there. I need you to testify to that."
Lemira came to the hospital specifically to have Lucian as her witness.
Hearing this, Lucian breathed a sigh of relief: "And here I thought it was something serious. Our parents did mention what they left for you. We didn't give it to you earlier because you were underage, but now that you're an adult, you indeed have the right to claim your belongings."
Lucian's response gave Lemira some peace of mind.
"I disagree."
Asher slammed the door open, his face ashen, clearly having just rushed back.
Evelina stood at the doorway, not daring to enter.
Asher, fuming, said, "Lemira, you have only one choice - to gracefully drop your lawsuit. Then, I might overlook your past actions and give you the inheritance our parents left you."
"Asher, how could you? Those belongings are rightfully Lemmy's."
Asher scoffed, "But don't forget, if it weren't for my hard work making the business so successful, all that would've been left for Lemira were debts, not a single dollar. Why shouldn't I have a say?" 
Hearing this, Evelina chimed in timidly, "Asher, maybe I should give the foundation back to Lemmy."
"What talk of giving back? What's given to you is yours."
Asher turned to Lemira, "You didn't seem to care much over the phone. So why come to the hospital seeking Lucian's help now? Isn't that a bit embarrassing?"
Lemira stood her ground, "I'm here to claim what's mine. If anyone should feel ashamed, it's you, not me." Asher was deliberately threatening Lemira; his reasoning was flimsy.
In a burst of frustrated rage, Asher exclaimed, "Lemira, to think you haven't changed a bit. You've
brought the Langston family to ruin; you have no right to the inheritance!" 
Lucian intervened loudly, "Asher, why say such hurtful things? It was Alaric and Caspian who were in the wrong, not Lemmy!"
"I know Alaric and Caspian were at fault, no need for you to point it out."
Asher adjusted his tie, somewhat calmer, "But I had them apologize to Lemira. Her refusal to compromise is why I'm so angry!"
Lemira sneered, "So, causing harm just requires an apology? That's it?"
"What else do you want? I can make
them make it up to you in the future. I just wish you'd stand with the Langston family at this moment. You can't even make this small compromise, and you still claim to be part of the Langstons?" 
"You're right, I indeed have no desire to be a Langston."
Lemira turned and left the room, only to be stopped by Caspian outside.
"Lemira, if you relent on this matter, I promise to testify for you, to help you reclaim what our parents left. How about that?"
###Chapter 479
Caspian couldn't believe how much Lemira cared about their parents' legacy.
At first, he thought Asher's plan was futile, especially since Lemira had cut ties with the Langston family and vowed never to return.
But to his surprise, Lemira truly cared.
Facing Caspian, Lemira expressed her disbelief, "So, you all just stood by and watched as strangers claimed our parents' belongings? Using them as leverage against me?"
Caspian, feeling guilty, admitted, "If you had agreed to reconcile earlier, none of this would've happened." "You guys never change," Lemira sighed.
It was the same story, generation after generation.
Even knowing the kind of person Evelina was, both Lucian and Caspian remained silent when they saw Asher handing over the inheritance to her.
Disappointed, Lemira looked at Caspian, "The real disappointment to our parents is you."
Caspian, too ashamed to meet Lemira's gaze, waited until she left before kicking a nearby trash can in frustration.
When Evelina appeared, Caspian pulled her aside.
"What do you want?" Evelina screamed.
"Listen up, you have no right to any of the foundation or property," Caspian snarled.
Evelina, unable to hold back, glared at him, "Let go, or I'll tell the media you're abusive. You'll never recover from that."
"Dare to talk back, Evelina?"
"Because I'm not wrong. You've always been cowardly, blaming Lemira for leaving you behind. I just agreed with you, and now you're pinning everything on me."
Evelina spoke quickly, barely above a whisper, "You pretending to care for Lemira now, after treating her poorly all your life, isn't that hypocritical?"
Her words enraged Caspian.
Grabbing her throat, he threatened, "Who gave you the right to speak? Believe me, I could end you!" "Struck a nerve, did I?"
Evelina refused to back down. With Caspian's reputation and career in shambles, she saw no need to appease him any longer.
"Asher, stop him!" she gasped as Asher intervened, pulling Caspian away and rescuing her.
Breathing heavily, Evelina showed the marks on her neck, "Caspian, it's not that I refused to give up the foundation. It was Asher's decision."
Asher, furious, confronted Caspian, "You're a huge disappointment."
"Asher, Evelina's nothing but trouble. Don't be fooled by her."
"Eve's character is clearer to me
than anyone. Lay a hand on her again, and I'll personally make sure you pay," Asher warned before leaving with Evelina. 
Caspian was left seething, his agent trying to calm him down, "Listen, as a friend, I'm advising you not to go against Asher. Just get through this and you'll have plenty of chances to deal with Evelina later." 
Caspian knew he had limited options.
But he couldn't understand why Asher was so protective of Evelina. He always had a tough approach with Lemira, showing favoritism towards Evelina as if spellbound. 
After leaving the hospital, Lemira received a call from Lucian.
"Lemmy, I'll support you in the will dispute," he offered.
"Doing so will anger him, and he won't agree. Are you sure?" Lemira questioned, knowing the risks involved.
###Chapter 480
"I'm not sure how long I will hold up, what can Asher do to me anyway?"
Thinking of Lucian's illness, Lemira said, "Then you should get the surgery first. We can file the lawsuit after you've recovered."
"Lemmy, don't worry about me."
"I'm not worrying about you, don't flatter yourself. I still need to prepare the evidence. It's not as simple as just showing up in court."
Lemira had to wait for Evelina to make a move at the foundation before she could collect solid evidence to file the lawsuit.
"Lemmy, what about Caspian?"
Lemira's tone was laced with sarcasm, "If he can't handle Evelina, he thinks he can persuade me? Dream on."
With that, she hung up the phone.
She needed to start preparing for the press conference, and she couldn't wait any longer.
After a call with the PR team, she set the time for the press conference - it would be tomorrow.
Back at the dorm, Lemira told Janice, "I won't be going to the base tomorrow afternoon."
"Alright, got something up your sleeve? A date, perhaps?"
"No, I've got a press conference tomorrow afternoon. I might as well blow this thing wide open, keep the Langston family from hassling me."
After her hospital visit today, Lemira was particularly eager to hold the press conference.
"Asher really crossed the line, making you out to be the villain, all to save Caspian. Even giving your parents' heirlooms to an adopted daughter. Disgusting.
Lemira's eyes sparkled with mockery, "That's how they've always been."
Every time they messed up, they would try everything to force her to back down.
After talking to Janice, Lemira decided they should head to the cafeteria for dinner, glancing at her new roommate, "You wanna join? Or should we bring something back for you?"
The new roommate shook her head, "No need, someone's bringing me dinner."
Nodding, Lemira left the dorm with Janice.
After they left, the new roommate, having overheard Lemira's conversation, finally took out her phone and sent a message.
The next day, after her classes, Lemira headed to TG Group to meet up with the PR team.
As Lemira got out of the car, she saw the TG Group's towering building. Rumor had it several of these buildings belonged to the Everhart Group.
The Everhart family truly was top-tier wealth.
After meeting up with Debby, they left the building together.
But then, Mrs. Amanda stepped out of the elevator and caught a glimpse of Lemira's back, her expression instantly tensing, "What's she doing at TG Group? Check it out. 
Soon, her assistant made a call and reported back, "Lemira is about to hold a press conference. Seems like she's planning to expose something big, invited a bunch of media" 
"She wouldn't dare reveal her relationship with my son, would she? This needs to be stopped."
Mrs. Amanda rushed upstairs. The relationship with the Sinclair family was already strained; she couldn't afford another scandal.
When Lemira arrived at the press conference venue, she saw a crowd of media already gathering. This time, she was determined to lay bare the truth, including that the hot scripts and upcoming movies credited to Caspian were actually her work. 
Sitting at the podium, she felt a wave of nerves.
Debby whispered reassuringly, "If you're unsure what to say, just follow the speech we prepared. Anything
goes wrong, give me a look."
"Got it, no problem."
Lemira picked up the mic, ready to speak, when suddenly, the journalists seemed to receive a
simultaneous alert, rising up and leaving en masse.
What's happening?
Why is everyone leaving?
###Chapter 481
Lemira had braced herself for countless unexpected scenarios, but never in her wildest dreams had she imagined reporters abruptly walking out on her.
This was a shocker.
Glancing at TG Group's PR Team, she saw Debby intercepting the last reporter: "Can I ask why everyone suddenly left?"
"Ms. Lemira, I apologize, it's not that I want to be rude, but my boss called and urgently demanded my return."
"Can you share who's behind this?"
The reporter hesitated before answering, "It's odd to me too. Let me find out and I'll get back to you." And with that, the last reporter departed.
Collapsing into her chair, Lemira turned to Debby, "Someone's orchestrating this, but the Langstons out in Orvin shouldn't know about it. Who has the clout to make all media outlets leave simultaneously?"
She couldn't believe the Langstons wielded such power in Orvin!
There had to be another explanation.
Debby pondered for a moment, "Well, there is one person who could, the News Queen of the Waverlies. Got any beef with the Waverlies?"
"I don't even know them, let alone have any issues."
Even in her past life, she had no ties to these people.
"That's curious. But Ms. Langston, don't worry. I'll dig into this right away."
"Thanks, Debby."
No sooner had Lemira finished her sentence than she saw Asher marching over with a posse. Seeing Asher, she had an inkling.
But when did the Langstons get such pull? Something was off.
Asher made his way to Lemira, grabbed the mic after sitting down, and greeted, "Hello, everyone." Lemira turned to Asher, "Did you engineer this?"
"Lemira, you've truly disappointed me. Hosting a press conference to reveal your ordeal with Caspian? Sadly, you won't get that chance.'
He proceeded to burn Lemira's prepared speech.
Gazing at her, he warned, "I've told you, family matters shouldn't be aired in public, but you never listen." Lemira, looking at her destroyed speech, "I'm surprised. Didn't realize the Langstons had such sway in Orvin.
Asher dropped the mic, his tone menacing, "Lemira, forget about going public in the future. No one
will believe you, just like your press conference today-nobody came." 
en FindNovel
SUMS
Evelina, feigning concern, chimed in, "Lemmy, why antagonize our family? What good does ruining Caspian do for you?"
"Shut up, you're the root of this."
Lemira had meticulously planned today's event, only to see it derailed.
This was her first real taste of the sheer power of influence.
Evelina reluctantly clammed up.
Asher, visibly upset, added, "Lemira,
Eve's not entirely wrong. We've been building these connections to
uncover the truth behind our parents' demise. Now, it's all
disrupted because of you. Still think
you're in the right?" 
Evelina's complexion changed in an instant.
What was Asher implying? Was he still probing into the accident?
Could it be that Asher also doubted the accident's narrative, or suspected their father wasn't dead?
In her past life, Lemira recalled, Asher never did uncover the truth.
So, Asher was pinning this on her, using their parents as leverage.
Lemira, eyeing Evelina, retorted, "MK.
Asher, by saying this, are you
l.ne
implying there's something fishy about the accident? Does that make Evelina's father a suspect?
###Chapter 482
"Lemira, what on earth are you babbling about? My dad's been gone for years.
Evelina's voice cracked with fear. Could it be that the Langston family had uncovered something?
She had always believed herself safe, especially since she wouldn't have known her father was still alive if he hadn't contacted her directly.
So, if she was in the dark, the Langstons had to be clueless too. But, to her dismay, she found out Asher had been secretly digging into the car accident from years ago, sending shivers down her spine. Had Asher discovered anything?
Who had hacked her phone a few days ago, Lemira or Asher?
Lemira looked at Evelina with a smirk, her pale face amusing her. "Even you would fear, huh? Hidden for so many years, yet you never thought the Langstons were still on the case!"
Asher frowned, "Lemira, Eve's dad is gone. He couldn't possibly be a suspect."
"If there was something fishy about the accident, who's to say the dead aren't walking?" Lemira shot back, her gaze fixed on Evelina. "What do you say?"
"My dad's dead, Lemmy. Bringing this up is just cruel. If my dad could survive that, then so could your parents.
Evelina's mind raced. She had to stand firm on her father's death.
The Langstons only had suspicions, no proof.
Tears welled up in Evelina's eyes as she choked up looking at Asher. "Asher, Lemmy can say whatever she wants about me, but she should never bring up my late father."
Seeing Evelina cry softened Asher's heart.
He scolded Lemira, "That's crossing the line, even targeting someone who's passed away."
Passed away?
Lemira scoffed at the absurdity. Evelina's father wasn't dead.
"Lemmy, you keep mentioning my deceased father. Do you think he might still be alive? I wish he was more than you do."
Evelina's words were probing.
Lemira stared coldly. "I do suspect it. And why does that make you nervous?"
"I'm not nervous, just think your theory is far-fetched. You lost your parents; I lost my father. You of all people should understand how I feel." 
ownew,
Evelina feigned a strong front but
inwardly sighed in relief. Lemira's et
suspicion seemed a mere
Gidence. 
Had Lemira seen the conversations with her father when hacking her phone, she would have mentioned
it.
Lemira's silence proved she had no evidence, no discovery.
Then, Debby approached Lemira, "Found it. It was Mrs. Waverly who tipped off the media to leave." The Waverlies?
Lemira remembered the Langstons had no ties with the Waverlies in her past life.
Asher's lips curved into a cold smirk.
if
hope you realize I've b
back. Keep this up,
won't make you regret i
see
Chills ran down Lemira's spine.
"Your rush to silence me, Asher, it reeks of fear."
"Lemira, let's see how long you can keep that sharp tongue. I could crush you with a flick of my wrist!" With that, Asher stormed off.
Evelina lagged behind, taunting Lemira, "Want to know about Asher's ties with the Waverlies?" "I'll find out myself."
Evelina flaunted her figure-hugging designer dress, smugly saying, "Beg me, and maybe I'll tell you." In your dreams.
Lemira glanced at Evelina's approaching figure, swiftly plucking out the padding from her dress.
###Chapter 483
"Ah!!!"
Evelina's scream pierced the air of the entire venue, as if she were on her deathbed.
Lemira, with a huff, whipped out a silicone bra insert and flung it right at Evelina's face. "I'm not a man. Stop shoving your fake b*** in my face, or next time, I'll pop them for real!"
Lemira knew Evelina all too well.
In her past life, Evelina had gone under the knife to please Dorian, emerging as a busty, innocent-looking beauty.
Men seemed to have a thing for that, and Dorian was utterly enchanted.
Evelina, both ashamed and furious, retorted, "Lemira, you're one to talk about fake b***. You're just jealous of me!"
"What on Earth about you could possibly make me jealous?" Lemira scoffed, giving Evelina a once-over with a mocking glare. "Other than stealing my Ms. Langston title to live this glamorous life, what do you have? Without the Langston family's protection, you're just a driver's daughter. What are you then?" The mention of her father being a driver was what Evelina hated the most.
She glared at Lemira, venom in her eyes. "You're nothing but born lucky. And now, I've taken even that from you. Just you wait, I'll live a life ten, no, a hundred times better than yours. You and your broke boyfriend can rot at the bottom of society."
Evelina huffed. One day, she vowed, Lemira would pay dearly for her words!
Once she and her father drained the Langston family of their wealth, Lemira would be nothing.
Then, she'd see how Lemira would try to act like a lady of high society!
"Who's calling who poor now?"
Matthew sauntered in, having heard someone was picking on Lemira. He was curious to see who had the gall.
Evelina's face went through a spectrum of emotions upon seeing Matthew. In a coquettish voice, she said, "Mr. Everhart, I was just trying to persuade Lemmy not to fight with her family. And then, she attacked me."
Evelina even covered her chest, feigning modesty.
Matthew cursed, "What, are you selling yourself, dressing like that?" Evelina's face flushed with anger. "Mr. Everhart, that's not it at all."
She hadn't expected Matthew to be immune to her charms. How infuriating.
When Evelina saw Asher returning, she immediately turned on the waterworks: "Lemmy, I was just trying to talk to you. If you didn't want to listen, you could've jus￡said no. Why did you have to u*** me to humiliate me?" 
"Eve, what happened?"
Asher hurried over, draping his
jacket over Evelina and glaring at et
Lemira "Lemira, you've gone too far. What has Eve ever done to you?" 
Lemira grabbed a glass of water from the table and doused them both.
Evelina quickly hid behind Asher, who ended up soaked.
"Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Lemira looked at them coldly. "Feeling a bit clearer now?"
Matthew dragged over a water cooler, placing it next to Lemira. "Had enough? There's more where that came from."
The jug was ready.
Seeing Matthew so protective of Lemira, Evelina felt a pang of discomfort. "Mr. Everhart, I get you want to stand by Lemmy, but..."
"But what? You Langstons owe
Lemira a tot. And you, playing the
damse in distress? A driver's
daughter living the high life because of whose generosity, huh? Got no shame?" 
en FindNovel
Silenced, Evelina could only hang her head and play the victim.
Asher addressed Matthew, "Mr. Everhart, this is a Langston family matter. You're stepping a bit out of bounds, don't you think?"
###Chapter 484
"How come you get to push Lemira around using the clout of the Waverlies, and I can't give you a taste of your own medicine? Don't think I'm clueless about your engagement to that disabled daughter of the Waverlies, aiming for a piece of their fortune."
Matthew's words instantly drained the color from Asher's face.
Upon hearing the word 'engagement,' Lemira remembered that Asher indeed had a fiancée back in Orvin.
In both her past and present life, Asher seldom mentioned this matter.
So, the Waverlies' daughter was disabled. That explained why Asher always avoided the topic.
An infuriated Asher shot Matthew a glare. "You're the last person who gets to lecture me."
"Can't stand your kind of people, always poking your noses where they don't belong. What are you gonna do, bite me?"
Asher's face turned a livid shade of purple, clearly at a loss for words against Matthew.
All he could do was to turn his gaze to Lemira, his expression a mix of frustration and disbelief. "I sure underestimated you."
Evelina chimed in nonchalantly, "Lemmy here has always been quite popular, even Mr. Draven enjoys a good rapport with her, you know."
Matthew's face soured at that, interpreting it as a dig at Lemira's personal life being a mess.
He whipped out his phone, offering to Evelina, "How about we exchange contacts?"
Evelina, flattered by the gesture, hurried to take out her phone.
Was Matthew finally seeing Lemira's true colors?
But then, in the next second, Matthew retracted his phone. "Did you really think I wanted to add you on WhatsApp? Any guy can get your number, huh? Seems like your personal life is pretty lax."
Evelina's face froze, mortification written all over it.
Asher couldn't help but intervene. "Mr. Everhart, that's a bit harsh, don't you think?"
"After that innocent act, implying Lemira's personal life is a mess because she knows a lot of guys? As if I couldn't see right through that. I just proved my point; she's the one leading that kind of life, thinking everyone's just like her." 
Matthew's words were sharp as knives.
Evelina was left in tears.
Why did all the Everhart men have to be so venomous?
Lemira, listening to Matthew's tirade, couldn't help but feel uplifted. His way of calling people out reminded her of Orion.
She looked at Asher, a smirk playing on her lips. "So, it was through your fiancée's connections that you arranged all of this today, acting as if it was all your doing."
Asher's face turned from pale to purple, clearly embarrassed, and he stormed off with Evelina in tow. Lemira watched them leave. "I really had no idea his fiancée was one of the Waverly girls."
Matthew nodded. "Yeah, Ms.
Waverly was born with a disability, one leg shorter than the other. The Waverlies have been keeping it under wraps, hardly anyone has seen Ms. Waverly or had much contact with her in social circles." 
No wonder Asher never mentioned his fiancée in her past life, nor brought her to meet the Langston family.
It all made sense now.
Asher, always so concerned about appearances, must have felt marrying a disabled girl was beneath him, worried people would accuse him of social climbing or living off a woman.
Lemira found the whole situation laughable, especially after Asher's earlier threats.
Matthew continued, "I heard the Waverlies were looking to marry off their daughter, preferring a son-in-law who'd move in with them, easier to control. But they kept it · hush-hush, so we had no clue who it was. Never imagined it'd be
someone from the Langston family." 
Least of all Lemira's brother.
Lemira was taken aback. "The Waverlies wanted a son-in-law to move in with them? You sure?"
Asher, with his personality, agreeing to be that son-in-law?
###Chapter 485
Lemira had always suspected that Asher was only marrying into the Waverlies for their influence, given her health issues.
But to her surprise, he was actually becoming a son-in-law who moved into his wife's family home. Given Asher's strong personality, Lemira doubted this arrangement would work out.
Matthew raised an eyebrow, "You really don't know anything, do you? This marriage was arranged a year ago."
"I honestly had no clue. He rarely comes home and never mentioned it."
In her past life, Lemira only found out about this after college, and even then, it was through Evelina's gossip.
Back then, Asher never mentioned being a son-in-law, probably too ashamed to admit it.
Lemira smirked coldly, "No wonder the Langston family has been thriving this year. Asher has been too busy to even visit his hometown."
It must be the resources from the Waverlies that allowed Asher to grow his business so rapidly.
Not just Asher, but Caspian and Alaric too had seen great success, all thanks to the Waverlies' support. Matthew chimed in, "What right does a man living off his wife's family have to threaten you?" Lemira had a clearer picture now.
She turned to Matthew, "Thanks for coming. But how did you know to find me here?"
Her press conference was supposed to be a secret, shared with only a select few, including Orion.
"I happened to see you leaving TG Group today, so I got curious and found out about this conference," Matthew said, leaving out that he had eavesdropped on his mother's conversation about Lemira, which led him here to save the day.
Lemira didn't dwell on it and addressed the PR team from TG Group, "Looks like we won't be able to hold the conference here."
"Don't worry, Ms. Langston, I'll head back and see what can be done," Debby replied, implying she needed to report this unexpected development to Orion. 
Matthew understood the PR team's intent and said to Lemira, "The Waverlies have always had a strong grip on the media, even more so than TG. Asher did well to ally with the Waverlies." 
After all, not everyone could enjoy the luxury of being supported by the Waverlies.
"I know, but it's not entirely
hopeless, Lemira was aware the Langston family was trying to keep the lid on the scandal to protect Caspian and their business_O interests. 
Matthew, seeing Lemira's concern, confidently reassured her, "Don't worry too much; it might all be resolved by tomorrow."
If it weren't for his brother being away, today's press conference would have gone ahead as planned.
With the pressure from both his mother and the Waverlies, today's situation was tricky.
Lemira replied, "Let's hope for the best. I need to head back to school now, but let's catch up over dinner sometime.'
After all, Matthew had helped her out more than once.
Matthew offered, "Let me give you a ride to school, and I can check out your team's skills. See if you can match up against us."
"That would be great. Having you there might just give them the boost they need," Lemira agreed, seeing it as a valuable opportunity.
Together, Lemira and Matthew left.
Debby immediately contacted Orion, "Mr. Everhart, there's been a development. Today's press
conference had to be canceled."
"What happened?"
Orion was perplexed; everything had been arranged before he left.
After hearing Debby's explanation about the Waverlies' intervention and Asher's engagement, he asked, "How's Lemira?"
"Ms. Langston is handling it well. Mr. Matthew came to support her, so she's not at a disadvantage."
###Chapter 486
Orion hung up the call and immediately dialed Thaddeus, "Is Asher the one the Waverlies have picked for their son-in-law?"
"To be honest, I have no clue. The Waverlies are keeping it under wraps, saying they want to wait until their daughter and her fiancé have developed some feelings before making it public."
After explaining, Thaddeus added, "Where did you hear it was Asher? That seems a bit far-fetched." Orion recounted the press conference Lemira had called earlier that day.
This left Thaddeus in silence: "How did Matthew find out? I had no idea."
"I'm curious about that too. I'll ask him about it later."
"On the Waverlies' end, I'll see what my uncle knows."
Thaddeus hadn't expected such a coincidence.
Orion tried calling Matthew after hanging up, but got no response.
So, he texted Matthew, asking how he knew about Asher's engagement to the Waverlies' daughter. Matthew had just arrived at school with Lemira.
Worried about exposing his brother's identity, he hadn't dared to answer the call.
When Lemira and Matthew showed up at the team's base, everyone was stunned and then burst into
screams.
Who would have thought they'd see their idol at school one day?
Matthew, being the youngest esports prodigy, had a massive fanbase.
Lemira smiled at everyone, "He's here to spar with you guys today. Make sure to seize the opportunity." Before Matthew could reply to his brother, Lemira had him seated and started his coaching session. While coaching, Matthew thought, he definitely needed to ask his brother for a coaching fee reimbursement.
Back in the office, Lemira told Janice, "Order everyone a cup of coffee on me, will you?"
"Did your press conference go smoothly? I didn't see it trending."
"Not smoothly, because it never happened."
Seeing Janice's worried expression, Lemira quickly reassured, "Don't worry about me. You better go
watch their training. Can't let star-gazing get in the way of practice."
After Janice left, Lemira's expression softened a bit.
She remembered Alaric's issue, where Asher wasn't as anxious, but he seemed particularly worried about the Caspian situation.
It seemed Asher had invested a lot in Caspian.
Just then, Lemira's phone rang. It was Caspian calling.
Lemira didn't answer and hung up.
Soon, the office landline rang, and she picked up tentatively, "Hello, who's this?"
"Lemira, I heard you were planning a press conference today, aiming to reveal everything, right?"
Hearing Caspian's voice, Lemira found it odd; he didn't seem too angry?
She replied indifferently, "Yes, but the conference didn't happen. However, I plan to go live. He can't stop
me.'
"Lemira, Asher is planning to send Lucian off for treatment with Rowan, meaning he won't be able to testify about the will for you. Do you feally want to watch as everything falls
into
Evelina's hands?"
Of course not!
"Lemira, how about we team up?"
"Team up? Am I hearing you right? But I don't see any necessity in cooperating with you." Lemira was about to hang up.
"It's necessary You already know about Asher's engagement to the Waverlies You can't even take on the Sinclair family, let alone the
Waverlies. Even if you go live, to net
Waverlies can stop you; PixelStage has shares belonging to the Waverlies." 
Lemira scoffed, "But you're still lying. That's not the real reason you're proposing a partnership."
She knew Caspian wasn't that kind of person.
There was a long silence on the
other end, followed by Caspian's voice tinged with resignation, "Asher plans to hand my entertainment company over to Evelina and p
her to stardom. I won't let that woman succeed. I've worked hard for my company, and Asher has no right to give it away."
Lemira laughed mockingly, "So, she's taking your company, huh? Well, that's karma for you."
###Chapter 487
Lemira's voice was dripping with sarcasm, "Well, I didn't expect Evelina to make her move so quickly." After a moment of thought, she added, "Looks like Asher thinks you're more of a liability than an asset to the company now. That's why he's kicked you to the curb and put Evelina in your place. Even if I hadn't gone live or exposed all this, you'd still end up facing legal consequences."
That was Asher's true intention.
After all, Asher had sunk a ton of money into the entertainment industry and certainly didn't want to see it all go down the drain.
So, starting to cut ties now meant Asher was giving up on Caspian.
Upon hearing her words, Caspian was on the verge of breaking down, "You're right. Now I've hit rock bottom, worse than being in jail. Happy now?"
Caspian had never imagined he'd be abandoned by Asher,
Nor had he ever thought that Evelina, a mere driver's daughter, could under Asher's protection, not only take everything from Lemira but also from him!
Lemira let out a cold laugh, "Quite satisfied, actually."
Letting them experience what she had gone through was more than satisfying.
"Lemira, you should've agreed to team up with me. Once Evelina gets her hands on all your assets, it'll be too late.'
"Ha! Now you're panicking? When Evelina took everything from me, you just stood by and told me to be 'magnanimous'. And now that she's taking your company, you're feeling wronged? Is that it?"
Lemira's words were like a knife, plunging deep into Caspian's heart.
Caspian was speechless for a long moment, finally managing a feeble, "I've gone through what you went through, and now I understand the injustice you felt."
"Well, you had it coming!"
Lemira cut off Caspian's further attempts to justify himself.
In a breakdown, Caspian pleaded, "Lemira, I'm sorry, truly sorry. It was my arrogance, my fault."
His voice was choked with emotion, seemingly filled with genuine regret and remorse.
Lemira chuckled lightly, "You might as well go cry to Asher, maybe he'll have a change of heart. After all, blood is thicker than water, right?"
With that, she hung up.
But Lemira's mood was anything but calm.
Recently, her PR team had been digging into Evelina's father, but came up empty-handed.
It was as if a grown man had vanished without a trace.
Lemira's attempt to hack Evelina's phone had been discovered, and Evelina had certainly taken precautions, erasing all evidence.
If not for a photo accidentally captured by her PR team, she might have doubted her own sanity, questioning if she had seen a ghost or mistaken someone else.
Yet, Lemira was certain she hadn't been mistaken.
Now that Asher was lavishing Evelina with resources, making her thrive, the puppet master behind the scenes was even less likely to show.
Lemira's thoughts were a jumble. She needed to think things through.
Soon after, she received a call from
PixelStage's manager, "Ms. Langston, your account has been reported and needs to be suspended pending an investigation. Don't worry, it'll be reinstated once everything's cleared up." 
Lemira knew without asking that the Waverlies were behind this.
It seemed the Waverlies were indeed keen on protecting their precious son-in-law.
Shortly after, Matthew walked into the office with a cup of iced coffee, "Is a cup of coffee all it takes to send me on my way?"
"Thanks for your hard work today. I owe you a dinner."
"Alright, I'll take off now before the fans outside make it impossible to leave."
Lemira noticed the crowd gathering outside the team's base, mostly fans who had heard Matthew was
there and had come to see their star.
She let Matthew slip out a side door.
After leaving the base, Matthew,
wearing a cap, called Orion, "Bro, I overheard it by chance. My mom, along with the Sinclair family's notorious socialite, often hangs out with Mrs. Waverly. I overheard them talking about it." 
"Why didn't you say something sooner?"
"Back then, they only mentioned a surname, Langston, from Lyria, with parents deceased, leaving only siblings. didn't think much of it at the time. But today, when I found out the Waverlies had managed to send those reporters away, I realized that son-in-law must be Asher 
###Chapter 488
Matthew spoke up one afternoon, and the moment he saw the color drain from Asher's face, he knew his suspicions were right.
Orion, upon hearing the news, massaged his temples, equally taken aback.
"Bro, you can just handle this directly, can't you? But Mom and Grandma seem to be against you two, and if Grandma has already put in a word with the Waverlies, I doubt your influence will do much good."
"Don't worry about Mom and Grandma; just keep an eye on them for me."
"You got it, bro. I'm on your side, down with this whole arranged marriage nonsense! But sticking around home means I can't make any extra cash on the side, and I'm running a bit tight."
"I'll increase the limit on your card."
"Thanks, bro. You're the best, I swear. Mission will be accomplished."
Seeing the limit on his card increased, Matthew couldn't help but beam with joy. Time to pick up a new ride!
After leaving the gaming team base, Lemira returned to her dorm, completely exhausted.
Janice tried to comfort her: "Asher's gone too far, using every dirty trick in the book just to set you back. You nearly died that day."
"I'll figure something out, don't worry."
"It just irks me, you know? With all the brothers you have, yet Evelina, that driver's daughter, took everything from you."
"I've stopped letting it get to me. I can do just fine on my own. S*** this so-called familial bond."
No sooner had Lemira finished her declaration than her new roommate chimed in, "I don't agree. Family is important. No matter what happens, it's all about sticking together."
Lemira glanced back at her new roommate, "That's true for most families, but some aren't worth it." "You have no idea what Lemira's been through," Janice interjected defensively.
"Let's not argue about this."
Lemira didn't want to discuss her relationship with the Langston family in front of an outsider. Those who don't believe her story wouldn't start now. She didn't need their validation to live her life. 
Recalling something Caspian had mentioned, she decided to give Lucian a call, only to find his phone turned off.
With no classes the next morning, Lemira headed straight to the hospital to find Lucian, the most credible witness she had.
But when she arrived, Lucian's room was empty.
The doctor informed her that Lucian had been transferred to another hospital.
Could Asher have really moved him closer to Rowan, as Caspian suggested?
"Lemira, I knew you'd come to the hospital today," Caspian said, still in his patient's gown, face masked. "Where's he now?"
"He's been transferred. Lucian had a huge fight with Asher about the medical orders and was forcibly moved by Asher's people the next day. Even I don't know where he is now."
As Lemira looked around the empty room, she realized Asher had acted faster than she anticipated.
"It seems Asher has invested quite a bit in your company," she remarked.
"True, but it hadn't been profitable until the script you wrote made our recent TV series a hit. And with the
movie coming out in a few months, we'll finally be in the black. 
Caspian then added, "There's a screenwriters' meet-up tonight. Asher's bringing Evelina himself. If you
don't show up, your hard work will all be credited to Evelina."
"And how are you any different? Playing the good guy now?"
Lemira was clearly unimpressed.
Caspian's expression turned
awkward: "I admit, I was intentionally making things difficult for you, trying to get under your skin. Now, it's clear I was just as much a fool fore Evelina's games. But we need to reclaim what's ours!" 
Lemira looked at him squarely: "I have one condition." She didn't trust Caspian one bit.
###Chapter 489
Lemira knew Caspian was desperate to partner up with her because he couldn't bear to lose everything he had built.
For Caspian, the thought of handing over the company to Evelina was worse than a dagger to the heart. It's only when the boomerang hits you that you realize how much it hurts.
Caspian finally spoke, "What are your terms?"
"My terms are simple. Transfer all your company shares to me."
"Lemira, have you lost your mind?"
Caspian couldn't believe what he was hearing. "If I give you all my shares, then what's the point of all my efforts? It would all be for nothing."
"Didn't you say you'd do anything to make it up to me, as long as I don't sue?"
Lemira's gaze was full of mockery.
Caspian was momentarily speechless. "But I've worked so hard to get the company to where it is today."
"I know, but you can use Asher's shares. And you'll still be the star of the show. No matter how you look at it, you're in a win-win situation."
"Lemira, when did you become so greedy?"
Lemira stepped closer, her voice low and haunting. "Me, greedy? Without my hard work and scripts,
would your company have thrived like this? I'm only asking for what I deserve."
She once thought of staying away from the Langstons.
Not anymore. She wasn't naive anymore. What was rightfully hers, she would not let go easily.
She turned around. "If you don't agree, forget it."
"You won't get anything either."
"But at least I won't be ruined. I can find other ways. But you won't have that chance."
Lemira's eyes shimmered with sarcasm, betting Caspian couldn't afford to lose.
Sure enough, a few steps later, Caspian's voice followed her. "I agree to your terms." His voice was filled with defeat.
Turning around, Lemira saw the
vel
once arrogant Caspian leaning against the wall, his posture
slumped, a far cry from his previous demeanor. 
After a moment, Caspian approached her. "We need to work together to ensure Asher can no longer control my company."
"So, you no longer fancy running a company with your dear Asher?"
Caspian managed a bitter smile. "If Asher is blinded by Evelina, I can't just throw myself into the fire."
He couldn't let his hard work be stolen.
Asher, protecting Evelina as he does, shouldn't expect any favors for his company.
Soon, Caspian's agent arrived with outfits for the evening event.
After dressing up, Lemira noticed
Caspian in a suit, still wearing a mask t to cover the scars on his face. At first glance, he looked no different than usual. 
Lemira said, "This will only offend Asher. Do you think Rowan will still perform the surgery for you?" She knew Rowan was a skilled surgeon.
Asher held sway in the Langston family, after all, financial power speaks volumes.
"Rowan isn't like that. I've told him everything that's been happening at home. Not everyone is fooled by Evelina."
Is that so?
Lemira's eyes were laced with irony as she looked out the car window.
Her hand brushed her waist, remembering how in her past life, she had donated a kidney to Evelina.
To her, all the Langstons were the same.
They soon arrived at the venue.
Lemira took a deep breath. In her previous life, when she learned about this screenwriters' exchange event, Evelina had already been trending as the most talented, screenwriter, stealing her script. 
What could she do?
QUMS
She could only watch as Evelina took everything from her, leading her to a point of no return.
###Chapter 490
But this time, she wasn't going to let Evelina have her way.
Inside the banquet hall.
Clad in a designer couture dress, Evelina stood by Asher's side, flashing a sweet, sensible demeanor, aiming to leave a good impression on everyone. After all, from today on, she would be known as the genius behind the latest hit series, written under the pseudonym MM.
As for Lemira, that fool, she was destined to be nothing more than a stepping stone in Evelina's path. First, to become a renowned scriptwriter, then to take over Caspian's company, channeling all resources to spotlight herself alone.
With this plan, becoming a superstar was just around the corner.
Evelina grew more excited by the thought. After all, becoming a superstar had been her dream since childhood.
Indeed, the advice from her father was golden. Not only had Asher provided her with a foundation, but he also entrusted her with managing Caspian's company. Soon, she would be on top of the world.
As the room filled up, the host took the stage, saying, "I'm sure everyone remembers the recent hit series. Now, let's welcome a representative from Gameverse to speak."
Asher took the stage with a few polite remarks, then turned to Evelina, saying, "Gameverse has had its ups and downs, but thankfully, I have a very talented sister."
Warm applause filled the room.
Basking in the attention and applause, Evelina climbed the steps in her high heels. After years of hard work, she had finally made it to this moment.
Just then, a man and a woman entered through the main door.
The moment Evelina saw Lemira, her smile froze. What was that wretch doing here with Caspian?
A bad premonition washed over Evelina.
If Lemira was here, how could Asher announce that she was the true scriptwriter?
Not just Evelina, but Asher too was taken aback by Caspian's decision to bring Lemira to the banquet. What was Caspian up to?
Caspian's agent loudly announced, "Our very own Caspian was discharged from the hospital today and made a special effort to attend this banquet."
This statement highlighted Caspian's identity, just in case the mask he wore prevented recognition.
Caspian walked straight to the
stage, standing in front of Asher et
"Asher do you mind if I say a few words? After all, I've been closely involved with this project." 
Asher clenched the microphone, his voice low, "What are you doing bringing Lemira here?"
"Asher, didn't you just mention our talented sister? I specifically brought her along. Or who were you planning to have on stage after your speech?"
Caspian turned his head to glance at
Evelina standing on the steps: "Are we letting a distant sister take the place of our own? That wouldn't be right." 
wn
Caspian raised his voice deliberately, ensuring the nearby guests could hear.
Evelina, standing on the steps, turned visibly uncomfortable. She hadn't expected Caspian to dare disrupt the event with Lemira in tow!
She had thought Caspian wouldn't dare to cross Asher, which is why she had dropped her facade around him, openly mocking Caspian.
If only she had kept up the act, maybe Caspian wouldn't have brought Lemira to stir trouble.
Asher fixed his gaze on Caspian: "Enough, don't say any more. You're disrupting my plans!"
"Asher, wasn't your plan to publicly declare our own sister as the talented scriptwriter? Am I wrong?"
After his statement, Caspian turned to Lemira, loudly announcing, "Let
me formally introduce everyone to
my most talented sister, Lemira. Come on up!" 
Lemira, lifting her dress, ascended the steps.
When she reached Evelina, she stopped, extending her hand to her, "Shall we do this together?"
###Chapter 491
Lemira flashed a deceptive smile and reached out her hand to Evelina, as if extending an olive branch. Evelina felt her blood boiling. She had spent nights memorizing her speech for tonight's dinner party, only to have it all come crashing down.
And now, Lemira had the audacity to invite her on stage? This was nothing short of a slap in the face. Asher, sensing the tension, quickly interjected, "Eve, why don't you both go up? After all, you're sisters, and you both contributed equally to the screenplay."
Reluctantly, Evelina reached out her hand, but Lemira withdrew hers, a smirk playing on her lips.
"Just kidding. You actually thought I was serious? Now that the star of the show is here, we don't need a stand-in for the speech."
Lemira's sneer was as cold as ice. "After all, a fake can never replace the real thing."
Turning on her heel, Lemira strutted past Evelina, deliberately bumping into her, nearly causing her to stumble. Evelina's cheeks flushed with anger - Lemira was insufferable!
Calmly taking her place on stage, Lemira looked up at Asher, whose expression was anything but pleased.
"My dear brother prepared such a big surprise for me. I'm truly touched!" she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.
Asher, frustrated but aware of the audience, held back his anger.
Caspian, ever the instigator, passed another microphone to Lemira.
Addressing the crowd, Lemira began, "Hello, everyone, I'm MM. I've been off my game lately, so Asher decided to let our adopted sister speak on my behalf. But I made it anyway because, after all, I'm the one who wrote the screenplay. She doesn't have a clue."
Asher quickly cut in, "Lemira, I remember Eve putting in a lot of effort for the screenplay, don't you?" "Oh, I haven't forgotten. She did play her part, fetching tea and accidentally spilling it on my laptop, losing the entire manuscript."
Lemira's gaze on Evelina was icy. "Thanks to your clumsy mistake, had to rewrite the entire thing, which  turned out even better. So, you did help,' in a way." 
The sarcasm was palpable.
Evelina, seething with rage, turned away, not wanting to face the crowd's scrutiny.
Asher tried to defend Evelina, "It was just an accident, and she did contribute to the screenplay."
It seemed Asher was determined to include Evelina in the screenplay's credits, no matter what.
Lemira felt a wave of nausea at the thought but decided to play along.
"So, tell us, what exactly did you contribute?" Lemira challenged Evelina.
Aware of the audience's gaze, Evelina boldly stated, "My inspiration for this screenplay came from..."
She had her speech memorized, ready to impress.
Lemira, half-smiling, pressed on, "If
you were so involved, tell us how many drafts we went through, how many character roles changed, how many grises the lead characters faced, and how many times the villain's backstory was altered. Do you remember any of that?" 
Evelina's confidence faltered. How could she remember details of a screenplay she hadn't written? Lemira's point was clear: Evelina had no real involvement.
Asher attempted to defuse the
situation, "Lemira, it's been a while since the screenplay was written. It's hard to remember every detail." 
swney
But Lemira was unyielding, "Yet, I remember everything clearly."
Caspian supported Lemira, "Yes, we went through many revisions and discussions."
###Chapter 492
When Caspian stood up for Lemira, Evelina's earlier words seemed especially hollow.
Whispers started circulating around.
"In our line of work, there's nothing worse than slaving over a script, only to have someone else's name slapped onto it."
"Yeah, why should our hard work be credited to someone else? That's just shameless."
Evelina, hearing the murmurs, felt her eyes well up, looking helplessly towards Asher on stage for support.
Asher, facing Caspian, said, "I definitely saw Evelina contributing to the script. You can't just exclude her like that."
"Asher, I get you want Evelina to shine, but the script is clearly Lemira's work. Evelina has nothing to do with it. Trying to force it just makes no sense," Caspian shot back, unapologetically exposing Asher's intentions.
Asher, now in a tough spot and knowing Caspian had more credibility in the industry, had little to say in return.
Caspian approached Asher, "Listen, why don't you get Evelina to focus on improving her skills? There'll be other opportunities. But this script, this was all Lemira. Let's celebrate that."
Asher, although visibly upset, had no choice but to step down, scoffing as he passed by Lemira. Lemira, with a slight smirk, watched Asher go to Evelina's side, seemingly to comfort her.
Unfortunately for Evelina, she wouldn't be stealing the spotlight this time.
Caspian then addressed the crowd, "You all know I've had a couple of big hits recently, and there's been some drama between me and my sister over an audition tape that went viral for all the wrong reasons. So, I brought her here today to clear up any misunderstandings."
Lemira, watching Caspian, had mixed feelings about his announcement. She knew his motives extended beyond the immediate situation, aiming to regain control of the entertainment company and to clear up the audition tape misunderstanding.
Without ion, Lemira understood this was a temporary alliance with Caspian.
Because her main goal was to uncover why Evelina's father was still alive and the truth behind the car accident years ago.
She intended to make Evelina unwelcome within the Langston family, forcing those behind Evelina to act, which could lead her to find Evelina's father.
After Caspian's speech, he cautiously glanced at Lemira, who didn't rebut, much to his relief. Together, they stepped down, greeted by a crowd offering their congratulations.
Evelina, sour at seeing Lemira praised, complained to Asher, "Asher, Caspian bringing Lemira to the party must mean he disagrees with you handing the company over to me. He's probably holding a grudge against you now." 
Asher, noticing the situation, sternly approached Caspian and Lemira, "You two, I need a word." Caspian stood his ground, "Asher, let's talk after the party. Shouldn't you be happy for Lemira right now? You seem a bit off."
Lemira was surprised at Caspian's quick defense, cutting no slack in his retort.
Evelina, trying to diffuse OR
said, "Caspian, Asher means no harm. He's been cleaning up
mess you two caused. How can you treat him like this?" 
Lemira coldly replied, "And how exactly are we treating him?
Because Caspian announced I'm the sole writer of the script without adding your name?"
Evelina's face twisted in response, still shamelessly claiming, "But I also put in the effort." Asher, facing Lemira, declared, "Regardless of your stance, Evelina's name is on the script." This house wasn't about to be ruled by Lemira.
###Chapter 493
Lemira couldn't help but burst into laughter when she heard those words.
She retorted, "I've never seen anyone as shamelessly brazen as you guys."
Evelina, trying to maintain her composure, said, "Even though I can't recall how many times the script has been edited, I was the one who came up with the initial idea and the direction of the plot. You can't just kick me to the curb now, can you?"
Lemira couldn't help but laugh again.
She looked around at her colleagues and said, "Did you all hear that? Evelina's so-called 'ideas' were all unusable. She opens her mouth once and expects to have her name on my screenplay."
Her colleagues were instantly infuriated.
"That's just shameless, claiming credit for the screenplay just like that."
"I've always heard that the Langstons treat their own sister poorly but favor an unrelated sister instead. Today, I've finally seen it for myself."
The colleagues, who had created countless 'innocent victim' characters, were all too familiar with these tactics.
Evelina stammered in response, "That's not it. I really did contribute to the screenplay."
"If you really have evidence, just show the drafts you contributed to. No need to play the sympathy card here."
Evelina was at a loss for words because she had no drafts to show.
She could only look towards Asher.
Asher was also furious. He glared at Caspian, "Don't think bringing Lemira here will change anything. I've already decided to hand over the management of the company to Evelina. You better take some time off and wait for this to blow over." With just a word, Asher, the major shareholder, decided Caspian's fate.
A smug look flashed in Evelina's eyes as she said to Caspian, "Caspian, rest assured, I'll manage the company well. If I encounter anything I don't understand, I'll still consult you."
Lemira scoffed, "The company has always been run by Caspian. Evelina, someone who couldn't even score on her SATS, probably can't even understand the company's ledgers, let alone manage a company." 
en FindNovel
QUMS
Asher felt embarrassed, "Lemira, you're just a playwright; you don't understand company management either. From now on, your scripts will need to pass Eve's review."
Evelina's smile widened, basking in her apparent victory over Lemira, the playwright.
Evelina intentionally said to Lemira,
"Lemmy, I know you're quite the
talent when it comes to writing scripts, but don't forget the company's role in nurturing that talent. I hope you'll write even better scripts in the future, or the company might not be so lenient."
Evelina leaned closer to Lemira, lowering her voice, "No matter how much you
struggle, you won't win against me."
Lemira pushed the 'innocent victim' away.
She coldly said, "Those scripts were
all Caspian begging me to write because of their quality, which got them fast-tracked into production not because of any 'leniency'. I told you, you know nothing about running a company, but you wouldn't believe me." 
Caspian also stepped forward to clarify, "That's right, I did indeed beg Lemira to write those scripts. Even though she's a newcomer, everyone can see her talent."
"But without the company, a playwright's scripts are just paper!"
Evelina couldn't stand Caspian defending Lemira like this.
Hearing this, Lemira laughed out loud, "Did everyone hear that? We playwrights are just paper, according to her."
Evelina's words had angered everyone!
Realizing her mistake, Evelina quickly tried to clarify, "That's not what I meant. I was talking about Lemira, not everyone."
Someone couldn't stand it anymore and snapped, "Mr. Asher, are you letting an outsider run the company because you think it's not going bankrupt fast enough?" Asher looked at Evelina with disappointment. What a fool!
###Chapter 494
But Asher still spoke up for Evelina, "I'll hire a professional CEO to manage the company. Eve will learn from them. There won't be any issues with the company's management."
"Asher, who the CEO is, you don't get the final say."
Caspian had finally seen through Asher's stubbornness, determined to funnel resources into Evelina. Well, he couldn't blame him for not being polite anymore.
Asher snorted coldly, "I'm the majority shareholder, how does my word not count?"
"From today, you're no longer the majority shareholder."
At that moment, Lucian appeared in his wheelchair.
He also looked quite unwell, and said directly, "Caspian and I can transfer our shares to Lemira. Then, she'll be the company's majority shareholder."
The room was filled with murmurs of surprise.
Hearing this, Asher's face changed color.
He lowered his voice, "What exactly are you trying to do?"
Asher really hadn't expected them to band together against him!
Lucian continued, "Asher, are you sure you want to discuss this here? The only person who will be embarrassed is you."
Asher nodded and, with a cold face, went to the lounge.
Lemira was also surprised to see Lucian. Wasn't he supposed to be held captive by Asher?
Caspian addressed everyone present, "I'm sorry for the spectacle, but the company will be managed by Lemira from now on. You've all seen her scriptwriting talent. I hope we can collaborate in the future."
Hearing Caspian say this, Evelina also stormed off after Asher.
Lemira, Caspian, and Lucian moved aside.
She looked at Lucian with some surprise, "How did you get here?"
"Caspian sent someone to find me. I came as soon as I could. No matter what, the company can't fall into Evelina's hands."
Lucian knew the company was Caspian's life's work, but he hadn't expected Asher to be so biased.
Caspian smiled wryly, "We all underestimated Evelina's cunning."
Lucian turned to Lemira, his tone cautious, "Lemmy, don't worry, I'll always be on your side."
Lemira didn't respond and turned towards the lounge.
Caspian, pushing Lucian, followed her.
In the lounge.
Lemira was the first to enter and saw Evelina whispering something to Asher.
Upon her arrival, Asher looked at her as if he could devour her.
Asher, furious, confronted Lemira, "Lemira, I really didn't expect you to be so capable. You said you were leaving home, cutting ties with the Langston family, and now you're back to fight for the inheritance? Have you no shame?" 
"And you knew the script was all my work, yet you wanted to credit Evelina for it. Have you no shame?"
Asher choked for a moment, "But Eve contributed to the script as well. How can you say in front of all these people that she's just riding on your coattails?" 
"Do you dare swear on that? If it's false, may the company go
bankn
every project fail, and you
end up destitute."
t belongs
After Lemira spoke, she stared at Asher, "Go on, swear. No? You don't dare?"
Asher didn't open his mouth, angrily retorting, "Superstition!"
"It seems even if it's superstition, you don't dare swear. That means you know exactly what you're doing."
Asher did this on purpose, trying to take her work and force her into submission.
Asher turned it around, "Lemira, if you hadn't pushed the Langston family to this point, would I have done this?"
"So, I learned it from you."
Lemira raised her head, laughing, "Now I'm the company's largest shareholder. Your word doesn't count!"
Asher was instantly furious.
###Chapter 495
Lemira's smirk was ice-cold, revealing a side of her even she didn't know existed until now.
Caspian and Lucian stood by Lemira, making it crystal clear they were on her team.
Asher, pointing fingers at Caspian and Lucian, exploded, "You two turncoats, do you even remember who helped you kickstart your company? And now, you're handing over all your shares to Lemira? Have you lost your minds?"
Lucian managed a bitter smile, "Asher, you're the one losing it. Lemira is our sister, not our enemy."
He couldn't fathom why Asher was going to such extremes.
Evelina was fuming on the sidelines. How could both Caspian and Lucian side with Lemira, even going as far as transferring their shares to her?
If Lemira became the company's major shareholder, wouldn't that ruin her plans?
Evelina, frustrated, chimed in, “Lucian, you of all people know how much Asher has sacrificed for the Langston family. He shared his shares out of brotherly love, and now you're sidelining him. That's just cruel."
"Spare me your moral high ground," Lemira shot back at Evelina. "Asher practically drained the Langston family's finances and assets to start his venture. It's only fair for everyone to share in the dividends."
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears, turning to Asher, "If I had shares, I would never betray you."
Asher was speechless, never imagining this day would come.
He glared at Lucian and Caspian, "Are you sure you want to side with Lemira against me?"
Lucian responded, "Asher, it's not about being against you. Handing the company over to Evelina instead of Lemira is nonsensical, especially since Lemira's scripts have raked in a fortune for us."
"Ha! Have you so quickly forgotten how Lemira had Alaric and Caspian jailed? Her heartlessness towards the Langston family, does that mean nothing to you?" Asher was utterly defeated.
He couldn't believe his own brothers were turning against him, all he did was for the good of the Langston family.
Caspian stepped in, “Asher, are you out of your mind? The incident with Lemira, yes, I was at fault. I was the one who wanted to hurt her, and Evelina misled me. That was on me. Evelina, the real villain, misled me, and what does that have to do with Lemira?" 
Caspian didn't hold back, "Including the Alaric situation, it was Evelina who first stole Lemira's work and dragged Alaric into it. Alaric wasn't innocent, but Evelina was the instigator. Lemira was the victim
here!" tele
Asher, clenching his teeth, retorted, "It was all a trap set by Lemira."
"Did Lemira force Evelina to steal her work? No. We were in the wrong from the start!"
Caspian, getting closer to Asher and pointing at Evelina, said, "This woman is the root of all evil. Both incidents were caused by her."
Seeing this, Eyelina quickly played the victim, "Caspian, I did what I did just to secure the contract for Lucian's company. And as for you assaulting Lemira, that has nothing to do with me. You've always been quick to throw punches." 
Caspian, hearing Evelina's words, was livid.
Asher pushed Caspian away, "I know Evelina better than any of you. She might be a bit naive, but she's not malicious."
Hearing Asher defend Evelina, Lemira almost burst into laughter.
She didn't bother explaining further, simply stating, "Do whatever you want with Evelina, but when it comes to the company, you don't have a say. Evelina, you're out."
###Chapter 496
Caspian finally cooled down, "Asher, I poured my heart into this company. Evelina doesn't deserve to even touch it."
"But I've already got Eve signed to the company with an artist contract. All the top scripts in the future will have her as the leading lady, including a supporting role in a movie that's releasing in a few months."
Asher's tone was still as arrogant as ever, "The contract is signed and effective. If you want to break it now, it's going to cost you a fortune to compensate Eve."
Lemira couldn't help but smirk at this. When it came to being unpleasant, Asher always had a knack.
He's moving fast, assigning all these roles to Evelina already!
Caspian snorted, "So what? The company has its plans, and with Evelina's acting skills, it would be an embarrassment to even let her out."
As long as the company wasn't under Asher's control, Evelina wouldn't get any good resources.
Lemira looked at Evelina with a half-smile, "As the boss, I must say, you really need to up your acting game, try to actually bring some revenue to the company. Oh wait, your acting has always been top-notch, acting is definitely your calling."
Evelina's face twisted in anger at these words.
After all, what Evelina wanted was to be the boss of the company, having the final say in everything.
But Lemira beat her to it, stealing what she considered rightfully hers, and that was something Evelina couldn't stand.
Caspian mocked, "Her acting is so bad, aside from pretending to be frail within the Langston family, she's nothing outside."
Evelina stormed out of the break room, her eyes red with rage, feeling utterly humiliated.
Asher looked at Lemira, "You really have a way with things, getting them on your side!"
"It's not about being capable, I'm just not in the wrong. They stand with me out of guilt."
But Lemira wasn't sure how long this guilt would last.
All she needed was to corner Evelina enough for the person behind the scenes to emerge.
"Sure, Lemira, don't think you've won just yet."
Lucian piped up, "Asher, haven't you always wanted us to be a family again? Now that Lemmy has agreed
not to pursue Caspian and Alaric's actions, you should keep your promise and let Lemmy come back home." 
Asher adjusted his tie, "I did say that, but has anyone truly admitted their mistakes?"
Lemira responded coolly, "I won't admit to mistakes that aren't mine. The ones who should, aren't me."
"Right, the mistake isn't Lemira's, it's ours."
Alaric entered, looking remorseful at
Lemira, "I was fooled by Evelina before, it's true. And Caspian is right, I'm not innocent. I'm willing to transfer my shares in the Langston family to you as compensation." 
swnowl.n
Caspian added, "Lemira, Alaric, Lucian, and I, we're all sorry for what we did
before. You were right."
Lemira didn't respond immediately.
Lucian wheeled closer, "Lemmy, we all know we were wrong. Can you come back
to the Langston family?"
Lemira noticed Evelina standing at the door, realizing she hadn't left.
Evelina dreamed of driving her out of the Langston family, taking her place,
including Evelina's father's position.
She wouldn't let them have their way.
Her lips curved into a cold smile, "Fine, I accept the reconciliation!"
As long as she pretended to return to the Langston family, Evelina and whoever
was behind her would probably get restless.
After Lemira's declaration, Evelina
couldn't help stepping out from behind the door, looking pitifully at Asher, "Asher, do you accept her back into the Langston family too?" 
Lemira, that wretch, why does she have to come back after leaving?
###Chapter 497
Lemira couldn't help but feel a surge of satisfaction seeing Evelina's dismayed expression.
It was clear as day that Evelina was anything but thrilled about her coming back to the Langston family, especially with Lucian, Caspian, and Alaric rallying by her side.
This was precisely the reaction Lemira had hoped for.
When Evelina posed her question, Asher's discomfort was unmistakable.
Lucian jumped in before Asher could respond, "Asher, haven't you always wanted us to be a close-knit family? Sure, we've had our disagreements, but now Lemmy's willing to bury the hatchet. Alaric and Caspian are cool with it, so let's all just move past this."
Evelina, feeling cornered, argued, "Lucian, but Lemmy's sudden willingness to make amends, who knows what she's up to."
No way was Evelina going to let Lemira waltz back into the Langston family and usurp her spot.
Lucian scoffed, "Lemira is our sister, Ms. Langston. It's only natural for her to want to reconcile. After all, the Langston family is her true home."
Caspian, unable to contain his anger, pointed directly at Evelina and lashed out, "What right do you, a mere chauffeur's daughter, have to question her? You think you can just replace Lemmy and become Ms. Langston? Dream on."
He could clearly see through Evelina's ulterior motives.
Tears welled up in Evelina's eyes as she turned to Asher, "Asher, I never imagined replacing Lemmy as Ms. Langston. I was just worried about her sudden change of heart towards the Langston family, that's all."
Asher reprimanded Caspian, "Eve's father died saving our parents. She's been treated like royalty in the Langston family. She has no reason to compete with Lemira."
"Asher, we've done more than enough for Evelina over the years. Wasn't the accident connected to her father? What debt did he owe the Langston family?"
Caspian's words sent a chill down Lemira's spine, "What do you mean by that?" Could Caspian know something?
Evelina, equally alarmed, quickly defended, "Caspian, what are you talking about? My dad died in that accident. How could it be his fault?"
Deep down, Evelina feared Caspian might know her father was still alive.
Lemira approached Caspian, demanding, "What exactly happened in that accident?"
Caspian continued, "If Evelina's father hadn't been reckless, how could the accident have happened? Wasn't he responsible at all?"
Hearing this, Lemira felt a heavy weight in her heart; it wasn't the answer she hoped for.
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief, glad that her father's secret was safe for now.
She pleaded, "Caspian, my dad was always careful. It was another driver who ran a red light and crashed into his car. How was he to blame?"
"But the accident report showed he didn't brake, and he was speeding. Anyone in their right mind would've hit the brakes, but he didn't!"
Evelina found herself at a loss for words, as she too was unclear about the specifics of the accident.
She had asked her father about it, but he refused to discuss it, urging her to drop the matter.
Tearfully, Evelina responded, "Maybe he panicked and couldn't react
time. But talking about someone
who's been gone for years like this, is that really fair?" 
"Indeed, it's not," Asher intervened, looking at Caspian. "I've looked into the accident thoroughly, and it was the fault of the driver who hit him.
Evelina's father wasn't to blame." 
MS
"Asher, but didn't you once say it was strange he didn't brake?"
"I did, but there could be other reasons, like shock preventing him from braking. Evelina's father is gone now; dwelling on this serves no purpose." 
Asher had investigated the incident, and the real culprit was the other driver.
Lemira then spoke up, "What if the brakes on that car had been tampered with?"
If Evelina's father were alive, then it was conceivable he had sabotaged the brakes.
###Chapter 498
Evelina immediately retorted, "That's impossible. My dad would have checked. If the brakes were tampered with, it had nothing to do with him. After all, he died trying to save your parents."
Lemira's smirk was unsettling as she replied, "I was merely speculating. Why are you so defensive?"
Standing next to Asher, Evelina said in a hurt tone, "Asher, I know I'm not the favorite around here, especially after Lemmy ran away. My brothers are even more resentful towards me. But I won't back down when it comes to my dad. He died a hero."
This was Evelina's way of stirring Asher's guilt.
Sure enough, Asher softened, comforting Evelina, "Eve, don't worry. I won't let anyone bully you while I'm here."
"Asher, I know, but I'm just worried about Lemmy adjusting to being back home. After all, things got so heated with our brothers, we almost got the law involved."
Evelina deliberately brought this up to poke at the brothers' sore spot.
Lucian interrupted her, "Let's put the past behind us. We're siblings, aren't we? No need to dredge up old grievances. It makes it seem like you're trying to stir up trouble."
Evelina quickly replied, feeling cornered, "Lucian, that wasn't my intention."
"Good," Lucian continued. "Now that Lemmy is returning to the Langston family, you should probably move out of the room at the Orvin mansion. That's Lemmy's room."
Evelina's face fell at his words.
She stuttered, glancing at Asher, "But Asher, you said that room was mine? I've never really had a room of my own, and you promised it to me."
Asher cleared his throat, "There are plenty of rooms in the mansion. Lemira can choose another."
Lemira's lips curled coldly, "But the Orvin mansion was bought by our parents, right? They did say the room with the best view was mine."
She wasn't about to give up what was hers.
Lemira glanced at Evelina, "Even if you were to choose a room, it would only be from those unclaimed. My room is mine by right, and no one but my parents can change that."
Asher frowned, "Lemira, all the rooms are the same. Let's not make a big deal out of it."
"Oh, so because I wasn't there, my room suddenly becomes Evelina's? Have some dignity!"
After Lemira's remark, Evelina burst into tears.
Asher quickly came to her defense, "Lemira, you're causing chaos in the Langston family on your first day back?"
Caspian chimed in, "Asher, this is all your fault for letting Evelina stay in Lemira's room."
Alaric added, "Asher, you're the real troublemaker here."
Lucian pointed out, "Asher, that
room wone
left for Lemira by our
parents. You had no right to offer it to Evelina." 
Lemira crossed her arms, "Mr. Asher, do you get it now? This is all on you."
"Hmph, the Langston family doesn't revolve around you!"
"But together, our shares outnumber yours,
Seher. Whether Mr. Langston
will still be in your hands is yet to be seen." ,
Asher's face turned pale.
Evelina stepped forward, "Lemira."
Lemira snatched the necklace from
evelina's neck, "This worthy of it?"
to me by my mom. You t
She had noticed the necklace earlier and was about to forget this crucial detail.
The necklace left a red mark on Evelina's neck as she responded loudly, "This was a gift from Asher."
"He had no right to give away what's mine."
Asher quickly said, "Lemira, why be so petty?"
Lemira just laughed, stepping forward to straighten Asher's tie, leaving him confused about her intentions.
###Chapter 499
Lemira glanced up, catching Asher's eye. "You used to say that the ties I picked out for you were the best. Every time you had a big contract meeting, you'd ask me to pick a new one for you to wear."
Asher shifted uncomfortably. "And what about it?"
Was Lemira playing the sentiment card? If she could just play nice, perhaps he could overlook her mistake this time.
But in a swift move, Lemira yanked the tie from his neck. "This one's from me, right?"
She tossed it into the trash can without looking back.
"What are you doing?" Asher's voice rose in anger.
Lemira slapped him, leaving Asher stunned.
"There, we're even now. I'm not going to fuss over you handing my belongings and my room over to Evelina."
Her voice was melancholy. "As for the tie, I'll buy you a new one. That one's old anyway."
Asher was speechless. Lemira continued, "Now that we've cleared the air about the past, let's head out. We wouldn't want people to think the Langstons are having a family feud."
Lemira took Asher's arm. "Let's go."
Evelina panicked. "Asher!"
He glanced at her, guilt flitting across his face. "I know what you're going to say, but Lemira is a Langston, after all. Making a scene isn't good for anyone in the family."
Reconciling with Lemira seemed the only beneficial option for him. Otherwise, today it was a united front against him in the entertainment company; tomorrow, it might be interference in the Langston Group operations.
Evelina was in turmoil. How could Asher forgive Lemira so easily? If Lemira was back in the Langston fold, what would become of her?
Evelina quickly said, "Asher, they were just trying to kick you out of the company!"
Lemira let out a laugh. "That was a joke. After all, the company belongs to Caspian, and I'm here to back him up."
Evelina seethed. That liar.
Evelina also took Asher's arm. "I'll come out with you, too."
She couldn't let Lemira take Asher from her.
Lemira's smile was tinged with irony. "I don't mind. After all, I've had some time to think things over."
Asher nodded, pleased. "It's good that you've come around, Lemira. Remember, you're a Langston."
The sarcasm in Lemira's smile deepened.
She hadn't forgotten.
Her return to the Langstons was to uncover the truth behind that car accident years ago and to seek justice for her parents against Evelina's father.
Lemira followed Asher out.
Caspian turned to Lucian. "Lucian, don't you think Lemira's change of heart was
too sudden? Could there be another reason?"
Lemira's behavior was indeed odd and rather abrupt.
Lucian replied calmly, "Whatever Lemmy's reasons are, as long as she's willing to return to the Langstons, that's all that matters."
Caspian looked at Alaric, "We've
finally got Lemira to agree not to pursue our past misdeeds. No matter what happens, we have to
support Lemira and not be fooled by Evelina, okay?" 
Alaric nodded. "I understand."
Recently, Evelina had been distant and cold, a stark contrast to her previous demeanor. It was clear she saw o further use for him, revealing her true colors. 
Alaric had come to realize the extent of Evelina's deceit and how it had affected his relationship with Lemira.
At the party outside, when Lemira
and Asher appeared arm in arm et
indeed shocked many, especially since the Langston family's quarrel had been public. 
Asher broke the silence. "Sorry to have you all witness our family dispute. It's all resolved now."
Someone asked pointedly, "So, who actually wrote that script?"
Lemira spoke up, "Well, of course, it was me. Right, Asher?"
Asher knew Lemira's temper all too well. Siding with Evelina now could only invite disaster.
Finally, he nodded. "Yes, I've clarified the matter. The script was indeed Lemira's solo work. I was mistaken before."
Evelina's eyes reddened with anger upon hearing Asher's words.
###Chapter 500
Could you believe Asher didn't stand up for her? Now she's the punchline of the whole party?
Lemira glanced Evelina's way, her words dripping with faux concern: "I know you've always wanted to shine, but crashing the scene won't get you anywhere. It might backfire. I'm only looking out for you. You're not mad, are you?"
Her words were like a slap, driving Evelina nearly insane.
Evelina's face soured. "I'm heading to the restroom."
Watching Evelina's retreating figure, Lemira let go of Asher's arm, her mission to rile up Evelina accomplished.
After all, in the Langston family, Asher was the only one firmly in Evelina's corner.
Lemira played her part well, earning Asher's approval and lessening his reservations about her.
Asher whispered, "See? Isn't this better? Why don't you and Eve make up and live peacefully?"
Lemira's lips twisted into a cold smirk, "Sure, but you have to be fair. Give me what's mine, and I'll follow your advice."
"Fine," Asher conceded. "I'll keep everything mom and dad left for you safe until you prove you truly want to be part of the Langston family again."
Asher was cautious, suspecting Lemira's return might be for the inheritance.
What if Lemira changed her mind once she got her share?
Lemira responded coolly, "Alright, but Evelina can't touch my stuff, including the Aurora Trust."
"Agreed."
Asher promised quickly, figuring he could compensate Evelina later.
Lemira glanced at her champagne glass, musing over Evelina's reaction to this deal.
This was just the beginning.
Asher, always so arrogant and self-assured, preferred the bigger picture. It used to be Lemira who suffered, now it was Evelina's turn.
The tables have turned, and Lemira was curious how long Evelina would hold out.
She was also eager to see Asher's face when he found out Evelina's father was alive and tied to a past accident.
After the networking event, Evelina emerged from the restroom, visibly upset.
Lucian suggested, "Let's have dinner this weekend, our first as a reconciled family."
"Sure, but my room better be ready."
Lemira couldn't resist a dig at Evelina, "Oh, and Evelina, the
me
is mine. It should return t that I'm back." ContentV
Belongs
Evelina was livid, "Asher, didn't you promise the Aurora Trust to me?"
Asher coughed awkwardly, "I was just trying to push Lemira's buttons. Don't worry, I'll make it up to you."
"But I've
foundation so much into the
even planned a
sale the invites are out.
supposed to do now?" et
Evelina never expected Asher to turn his back so swiftly.
Blood ties indeed ran deeper.
Hearing about the charity sale, Lemira's eyes sparkled, "Seems like
You've
put in effort, Evelina. Keep organizing the charity sale
belongs to en.kikistotent
Evelina would surely mess with the funds.
Asher looked surprised, "You agree?"
He thought Lemira would , but he was relieved.
Lemira deliberately told Evelina, "Just don't s*** it up. Do a good job with the charity sale, and you'll get paid."
Evelina was furious. How dare she treat her like an employee?
The charity money was supposed to be hers. How could a mere salary suffice?
With Lemira back, the whole plan was in disarray. Evelina knew she had to reach out to her father. Lemira had to go.
###Chapter 501
Lemira had just given Evelina a piece of her mind before turning on her heel to leave.
Lucian stepped forward, concern etched on his face. "Lemmy, let us give you a ride back to college. It's late, and I don't feel comfortable with you going alone."
"No need," Lemira replied coolly. "I'll just grab a cab."
Her demeanor remained distant. Though she had agreed to a truce, forgiveness was not on the table. Once she uncovered the truth about the car accident, she intended to sever ties for good.
Without another word, Lemira hopped into a taxi and disappeared into the night.
Evelina watched her depart, her teeth clenched in frustration. "Just wait and see," she thought bitterly. "The last accident didn't finish her off, but who knows how things will turn out next time?"
Turning back to Asher, Evelina donned a mask of vulnerability. "Asher, even though I'm glad Lemmy's back, something feels off."
"What do you mean?" Asher asked, his brow furrowed.
"I'm not doubting Lemmy," Evelina continued, "but it seems strange that she's suddenly willing to let go of Caspian and Alaric's involvement in the accident."
"You're overthinking," Asher assured her. "Lemira's making peace because of the inheritance our parents left. She's concerned about it falling into your hands. Until I'm sure, I won't hand it over to her."
Asher was convinced that Lemira's compliance was driven by her interest in the inheritance. Once the storm blew over, they could revisit the matter.
Evelina felt a pang of discomfort knowing Asher was backing Lemira's return. She had been enjoying her time with the Langston family, almost feeling like Mrs. Langston herself. But Lemira's reappearance was unsettling, like a bad omen.
Lowering her gaze, Evelina knew she couldn't just sit back and do nothing. If Lemira fully integrated back into the family, her own position would be in jeopardy. She needed a backup plan, and with the benefits she'd already reaped from the foundation, there was still more to gain.
Lemira arrived back at her college dorm, thoughts swirling. Evelina's furious expression was fresh in her mind. "This is just the beginning," Lemira mused. After the charity event, once she secured proof of the "two-faced" girl's embezzlement, she would make her move.
Evelina had barely taken control of the foundation's finances and had already siphoned off hundreds of thousands. No wonder her wardrobe was suddenly filled with designer labels. 
The "two-faced" girl wouldn't dare hold onto such a hefty sum herself; she'd likely funneled it to her father Lemira had various plans brewing and was determined to stay calm. In the Langston family, she trusted none of her so-called brothers. Their current alliance was purely self-serving, as Evelina's actions had threatened their interests. 
For now, their cooperation was temporary.
Back in her dorm, Lemira saw a message from Orion: [I'm back from my trip. Got time tomorrow?]
She glanced at her schedule: [I've got classes all day. How about we meet at the gym in the evening?]
Without Orion around, she hadn't been to the gym in a while, but now that she was almost fully recovered, she was eager to resume boxing and regain her strength. 
Orion, looking at the gift box beside him, thought it might be best to give it to her tomorrow.
From the passenger seat, Thaddeus chimed in, "Maybe take her somewhere fun for a change?"
"She wants to hit the gym," Orion replied with a chuckle. "I'll be her sparring partner."
"Most couples go out and about for dates. You two practically live in the gym."
"As long as it's what she wants, I'm there," Orion said, his voice firm with affection.
"What about the Waverlies interfering with the press conference? Any plans on that front?" Thaddeus asked, his tone turning serious.
Orion's smile faded as he considered the question. "I'll talk to her about it tomorrow."
"You could handle it yourself, you know. I hear girls are into that whole 'take charge' thing."
"She wouldn't appreciate me making decisions on her behalf without reason. That's not how I want to be, like her brothers. I respect her choices."
He glanced at the gift box, his expression softening. Whatever Lemira decided, he would stand by her side.
###Chapter 502
The next day, after class, Lemira headed back to her dorm to change and picked out a short skirt. It was just the right length to cover the scar on her leg from that
car accident years ago.
Janice, her roommate, chuckled, "Hey, Captain, got a date or something? You're rocking the skirt today."
"What do you think of this one?"
"It's gorgeous. Your legs are so long and straight, I'm seriously jealous."
Realizing she might have hit a sensitive spot, Janice quickly changed the subject. Lemira grabbed her bag and headed downstairs. On the way, she noticed someone had spilled takeout on the stairs, making them dangerously slippery.
Thinking quickly, she texted Janice, [Hey, tell the others to avoid the stairs near our hall. There's a spill, and it's slick.]
Janice glanced at the photo Lemira sent and looked over at her new roommate, who was busy at her computer, "If you head out later, don't use those stairs. Lemira said someone made a mess and didn't clean it up."
The new roommate blinked in surprise, then nodded, "Thanks for the heads up."
Janice didn't push any further. The new girl was quiet, and they all coexisted peacefully enough.
Meanwhile, Lemira headed straight to the gym, not bothering to change out of her skirt. She went directly to the boxing area, where she spotted Orion leaning against the ring, engrossed in his phone.
Sneaking up behind him, Lemira attempted to surprise him, but the second her hands touched his eyes, she found herself pinned down. His reflexes were lightning-fast.
She blinked up at him, "It's just me."
Orion chuckled, pulling her to sit on the edge of the ring, his arms bracing on either side of her as he leaned in, "Your ambush was a bit slow."
"Slow? No way, your reflexes are just insanely quick. You're always on high alert!"
She was genuinely surprised at how he could be so perceptive. Their eyes locked, and Lemira found herself captivated by his handsome face, her heart doing little flips.
Orion's gaze was intense and dark, as he gently brushed his lips against hers. Lemira, feeling a rush of nerves, responded to his kiss.
His body tensed for a moment
before his hand cupped the back of
her head, deepening the kiss. Lemira's hands clutched together and then she wrapped her arms around his waist, feeling a surge of joy 
This was the man she adored.
The setting sun streamed through the windows, intertwining their shadows on the floor as if they were one. Lemira's breath was uneven, her ears buzzing, lost in the moment and oblivious to the world outside. 
After a while, Orion pulled back, his breathing heavy. With a subtle look, he wiped
the moisture from her pink lips and said, his voice hoarse, "Go change."
Lemira's cheeks flushed, and she
nodded, fooking down. Orion's eyes fell to her legs, where her skirt had ridden up slightly, revealing the scar from her accident. 
The sight pained him, bringing him back to reality. Controlling his emotions, he
tugged her skirt back down, "Maybe don't wear skirts this short."
"Is it really that short?"
"Yeah, I think it is. I don't want anyone else seeing."
He lifted her down, and Lemira adjusted her skirt, "Alright, I won't wear it anymore."
"Are you silly?" He flicked her forehead gently. "Wear what you want. I might get jealous, but I can handle keeping unwanted eyes away."
She could enjoy her freedom, and he'd handle any trouble that came with it.
With a blush, Lemira dashed off to the changing room, but on the way, she bumped into a familiar face-Susanna's sister.
Lemira halted, "Fancy seeing you here, Ms. Sinclair! Here for a workout too?"
Something felt off, though. Why would a Sinclair, known for their elite status, be at the little gym across from campus?
Sophia managed a tight smile, "I'm here looking for someone."
Lemira's curiosity piqued. Who could be important enough for Ms. Sinclair to come searching personally?
###Chapter 503
Lemira was curious but chose not to press for more information. After all, she barely knew Ms. Sinclair.
Sophia, however, couldn't help but notice the blush on Lemira's cheeks and the rosy gloss on her lips. Suppressing her own bitterness, she asked, "Ms. Langston, did you come to the gym alone?"
"No," Lemira replied, heading straight to the locker room without elaborating.
Sophia watched her retreating figure, feeling a pang of jealousy. She made her way to the boxing area, where she finally spotted Orion.
Unable to hold back, Sophia approached him. "Orie, why have you been avoiding me these past few days?"
Orion's expression turned noticeably colder upon seeing her. "Why would I be avoiding you?"
"Then why haven't you answered any of my calls?"
"If it's work-related, just contact the company's person in charge. I don't see any reason for us to be talking on the phone," Orion replied, his tone icy and clear.
Sophia's eyes welled up with tears. "Is it because of that girl that you're drawing a line between us?"
"You need to understand that there was never anything between us. This time, I had my brother clear things up, but if your family, the Sinclairs, keeps insisting otherwise, I'll have to clear things up myself next time."
Orion's demeanor was detached. "Out of respect for our family ties, I'm giving you the choice to handle this yourself or have me do it."
Sophia's face paled. She couldn't believe Orion was being so final, but she knew he wasn't joking. He would actually go through with it.
Orion's patience was wearing thin. "You should leave now, before my girlfriend sees you and gets the wrong idea."
"Do you know she was involved with an older man back in high school?" Sophia blurted, recalling something Susanna had told her.
Orion's expression darkened as he fixed his gaze on her. "I don't want to hear such divisive tactics again."
"Don't you care?"
"That man was me, but we were just friends back then. Stop spreading false rumors about her."
Sophia was stunned-Orion had been the school nurse? Her mind reeled. Had he known Lemira all along?
Orion's voice grew icier. "Warn your sister-if she keeps targeting Lemira without cause, the Sinclair family will regret it."
Terrified, Sophia took a step back and then hurried away.
Orion narrowed his eyes. Had the Sinclairs become too brazen over the years? He had expected them to recognize the need for Matthew to publicly refute the engagement rumors. en FindNovel
Soon after Lemira emerged in her workout gear and approached him, her face warm with a blush. "Oh, I
forgot to tell you, the press
conference didn't go well last time." 
"Because I wasn't there, but we can reschedule. This time, nothing will go wrong,"
Orion assured her, his gaze earnest. "I promise."
He regretted being away on business. He hadn't anticipated that Asher was
actually a son-in-law to the Waverlies.
Lemira smiled softly. "No need."
"What are your plans now?" Orion asked.
"I'm thinking of going back to my family," Lemira replied, noticing Orion's subtle reaction.
"Why?"
"You probably know that Asher used my parents' heirlooms to threaten me. Without a written contract from the property division back then, I can't retrieve those items yet, and I don't want them falling into Evelina's hands." 
"Mr. Alfred mentioned this to me. Legal battles take time, but you don't have to return to your family."
Orion held her hand gently. "And you don't need to worry about the Waverlies. Last time was only because I wasn't around."
###Chapter 504
"Even if you're here, it might not make much of a difference. The Waverlies hold a formidable position in the media industry, and they're not easy to challenge," Lemira said, her voice laced with caution.
Orion listened thoughtfully before responding, "Lemmy, you really don't need to be so cautious."
"This is Orvin, after all. Sometimes you have no choice but to bow your head," Lemira replied, her eyes serious as they met his. "But returning to the Langston family isn't just about the inheritance my parents left me. There's another significant reason."
"What is it?"
She hesitated for a moment before speaking. "I discovered there's more to the car accident back then."
Orion's heart skipped a beat, and it took him a moment to find his voice. "What did you find out?"
Had she discovered his secret?
In that moment, he felt like a prisoner awaiting a verdict.
"I found out Evelina's father isn't dead," Lemira revealed.
Orion was taken aback. "Wasn't her father your parents' driver? He supposedly died in that explosion."
He had been there, witnessing the tragic scene where the driver returned to the car moments before it exploded. Under those circumstances, survival seemed impossible.
Lemira nodded. "That's what I've always believed, too. But recently, I had the TG Group's PR Team keep an eye on Evelina, and they captured her meeting with a middle-aged man."
"Are you sure the man in the photo is Evelina's father?"
"I'm certain. I wouldn't mistake him."
Initially, Lemira had doubted herself, but upon reflection, she knew it was indeed Evelina's father.
Orion was astonished. Could the driver really have survived?
He couldn't help but ask, "Then who was driving that day? The driver must have
died, but whether it was Evelina's father is uncertain, right?"
"That's right. I even tested my brothers about it, and they all said they saw
Evelina's father driving before they left."
"Maybe there was a switch along the way?"
Lemira nodded. "I've considered that
possibility, but my parents are gone,
and I can't remember the
of
that day. There's no evi
support my theory." 
"Evelina's father only appeared once, and since then, I've found no trace of him."
"Even the TG Group couldn't find anything?" Orion asked.
"No, they couldn't. That's why I've decided to return to the Langston family for now. Only by cornering Evelina like last time can we force the people behind her to reveal themselves." 
Orion pondered this. "When I investigated the car crash, I found no connection to the Sinclair family, even though they seemed the most likely suspects. But if we consider your theory, it might have been orchestrated by Evelina's father." 
"You're right, I'd almost forgotten about that. Starting with the driver might lead us
to something," Lemira agreed.
Orion gently touched her head. "It's just a theory, though. It's been years, and it might take some time."
"I know, but the accident wasn't simple. Asher said the driver was linked to the Sinclair family, and there was someone else in the car."
Orion's lips tightened as he lost the ability to speak, his fingers trembling slightly. Finally, he managed to ask, "What do you plan to do once you find that person?" "I want to ask them why they were in such a hurry that day, why they had to run the yellow light," Lemira said, her emotions flaring.
"If they hadn't run the light, the accident wouldn't have happened."
Her eyes burned with fierce determination. "I want them to pay for what they did!"
###Chapter 505
Orion locked eyes with Lemira, feeling as though his knees might give way beneath him. Her eyes were red with unshed tears, radiating a fierce anger. That look felt like a knife piercing his chest, leaving him breathless and in pain. Struggling to maintain his composure, he gently wiped away the tears from the corners of her eyes. "He will pay for this," he promised softly.
Yet, hadn't he already paid enough? Lemira quickly composed herself, her voice filled with determination. "I need to find out what really happened with that car accident."
"Yeah, I'll help you investigate," Orion replied, resolve hardening within him. If Evelina's father wasn't dead, perhaps the accident wasn't as straightforward as it seemed. Did the Sinclair family truly have nothing to do with it? He needed to dig deeper.
He glanced at Lemira, the words he longed to say dying on his lips. Lemira checked the time and suggested, "Shall we start our sparring then?"
Orion turned and handed her a box. "I picked up something for you while I was away. Hope you like it."
Lemira opened the box to reveal a pair of red boxing gloves. "They're beautiful," she said, a smile lighting up her face. She had been using the gym's gloves, planning to buy her own once she improved, but Orion had anticipated her need. "Do you like them?" he asked.
"Yeah, I love them. Thanks for the gift," she replied, slipping them on. They fit perfectly.
Orion watched her smile, his mind a whirlpool of thoughts he couldn't easily express. "Try them out, see how they feel," he encouraged, trying to push away his concerns.
Lemira was so engrossed in her new gloves, she didn't notice the shadow of worry in his eyes. After they finished sparring, Lemira collapsed onto the mat, exhausted. She admired her gloves again, "I knew having my own would make a difference. They're so much better."
Orion, ever considerate, handed her a towel and a bottle of water, gently wiping the sweat from her neck. Suddenly, Lemira cupped his face in her hands. "Orion, I just realized something."
"What?" he asked, curious.
"You're looking a bit handsome," she teased.
When Orion didn't react as she expected, Lemira cleared her throat, "It's a cheesy
line. Haven't you heard it before?" Her attempt at humor seemed to fall flat.
His gaze softened as he looked at her, and he leaned in to kiss her. This kiss was more urgent and passionate than the last. Lemira wrapped her arms around his neck, her eyes closed, her eyelashes,
fluttering slightly. The light frei
above bathed them in a warm glow, and Orion opened his eyes to gaze at her, filled with deep affection and longing. He had to admit, when it came to Lemira, he was a bit of a coward. 
The sound of a janitor with cleaning tools broke their moment, and Lemira opened her eyes, meeting his deep, unfathomable gaze. Why did it seem like Orion wasn't as cheerful? Orion paused, handing her the water. "Take a break and change your clothes. Want to grab a late-night snack?" 
Lemira sipped the water, glancing at the time. "It's pretty late. Maybe not tonight.
I'm not that hungry."
She looked up at Orion. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing."
"You're lying. You've seemed off all evening."
Lemira was worried he might be facing some trouble. Orion took the towel and gently wiped her neck again. "No, you're imagining things. Why would I be anything but happy on a date with you?" He was adept at hiding his feelings and quickly adjusted his tone. 
Lemira scrutinized him but couldn't find anything amiss, so she let it go. She stood
up, removing her gloves. "If anyone is giving you a hard time because of me, promise you'll tell me."
###Chapter 506
Orion had never experienced the feeling of being defended by someone before. Taking her gloves, he said, "Alright, I'll let you stand up for me this time." Lemira then headed to the locker room to change. Orion looked at the red gloves in his hand, lowered his head, and kissed them gently, his expression a swirl of complex emotions. He was afraid to voice his feelings, afraid she'd look at him with eyes full of resentment. So he retreated.
When Lemira emerged from the locker room, Orion was nowhere to be found at their usual spot. Just as she was about to text him, she noticed a message from him: [Something came up at work. I had to leave early. Left something for you at the front desk.]
Had he really gone? Lemira made her way to the front desk and found a bag containing a large box of sushi. She wasn't particularly hungry, but she could manage sushi. She texted Orion, [Got the food, thanks. Don't work too hard.]
On her way back to campus, Lemira pondered whether Orion's sudden work commitment was related to the Al project. When she returned to her dorm, she overheard Janice's anxious voice, "Stella, are you okay? Do you need to go to the hospital?" Lemira watched as their new roommate, Stella, collapsed to the ground. She rushed forward to catch her, knowing Janice's petite frame wouldn't suffice. Stella was pale and shivering. "No hospital, I just haven't eaten."
Lemira handed the sushi to Janice. "Hold this for me, I'll carry her to the infirmary."
"I'm coming with you," Janice said, sprinting alongside them towards the infirmary. Once there, Lemira gently laid Stella down. "Doctor, she fainted. She says she hasn't eaten. Could it be low blood sugar?"
The doctor examined her briefly, then spoke up, "If she doesn't have any other conditions, it's likely hypoglycemia. She's also a bit undernourished." Lemira sighed with relief; at least it wasn't anything more serious.
She looked at Stella lying on the bed. "Do you want to eat something? I can order us a delivery." "No, thank you," Stella Waverly's voice was soft, and no sooner had she spoken than her stomach growled.
Lemira took the sushi from Janice. "Let's eat together. There's plenty to go
around." Though she hadn't been very hungry initially, the rush had worked up her appetite.
Janice joined them. "This sushi is from a famous place and it's quite pricey. Your boyfriend must really care about you."
"Is it? I didn't even check the brand." Lemira tasted a piece, realizing it was indeed delicious.
She offered one to Stella. "Don't be shy. I can't finish all of this on my own. Help me out."
Stella accepted the sushi, glancing at it before murmuring, “Thanks, you two."
Janice smiled warmly. "It's nothing. We're all roommates; we should look out for each other." Stella bowed her head, taking small bites. Lemira and Janice exchanged a glance, neither prying into why Stella hadn't eaten, treating it as if it hadn't happened. They stayed with Stella while she received a glucose drip. 
Janice turned to Lemira, "About the inheritance your parents left, any chance you can get it back?" "I' need to go through court. It's complicated without a will" 
“Asher is just awful, giving your stuff to Evelina and forcing you to back down. It's you who's been wronged!" Janice was indignant on Lemira's behalf. 
Lemira tried to appear nonchalant. "I know, but I have a plan. I won't let Evelina take what's mine."
"Do you think Asher's got something going on with Evelina? Why else would he favor her so much?" Hearing this, Stella's eyes flickered with intrigue.
###Chapter 507
Lemira really hadn't given it much thought. After all, in her previous life, Evelina was always chasing after Dorian, trying to marry into a wealthy family. She figured someone like Evelina wouldn't even give the Langston family a second glance. Lemira shook her head, "I'm not sure about that."
Asher always seemed to favor Evelina. Even in her past life, he was the one who suggested bringing Evelina into the Langston household. To be honest, Lemira never really understood why.
After a while, Stella spoke up, "You guys go on back to the dorms. You don't have to wait for me."
Janice was quick to respond, "There's not much time left anyway. I already talked to the dorm keeper and said we'd be back later. It's fine."
Lemira added, "We came as three, we leave as three."
Stella could hardly meet Lemira's eyes. Her hands, hidden under the blanket, slowly clenched, but she said nothing more. In the end, the three of them headed back to the dorm together. Janice and Lemira intentionally slowed their pace to match Stella's.
Back at the dorm, Lemira washed up and collapsed onto her bed, the day's activities having worn her out. With no classes the next morning, Lemira slept in until noon.
When she finally got out of bed, she was surprised to see a spread of delicious food on the table. She hadn't expected Stella to eat so well in the dorm.
Stella gathered her courage and spoke to Lemira, "Care to join me?"
"Sure thing."
Lemira realized that her new roommate was probably trying to thank them, hence the invitation to share a meal. She didn't decline.
Once Lemira had freshened up and sat down for lunch, she noticed the food was from Bistrova. She recognized their signature dishes and presentation. Her new roommate's family must have some money.
In the afternoon, Lemira headed to the e-sports training base, while the film crew continued shooting outside. The campus romance drama wasn't done yet.
As Lemira approached, she heard the director berating Evelina, his tone far from pleasant. When the manage saw Lemira, he quickly- approached with enthusiasm, "Ms. Langston, you're here! Come, have a seat over here, there's shade." 
Now that Lemira was the company's largest shareholder, no one wanted to ruffle her feathers. With a slight smirk, Lemira took her place under the parasol, a spot once reserved for Caspian Langston.
Evelina's expression soured the moment she noticed Lemira's arrival. With an amused look, Lemira asked the manager, "Is Evelina struggling with her performance?"
"Ms. Sterling is still a newbie. Her acting skills aren't quite there yet."
Turning to Evelina, Lemira said, "Make sure you learn a lot from the director. Don't squander the resources the company is providing you."
Evelina's eyes flared with anger. Ever since Lemira became the company's main shareholder, everyone had been quick to change their allegiance. It was infuriating!
After speaking, Lemira headed to the training base, not wanting to linger outside. Nearby, someone asked the manager, Weren't we told Ms.
Sterling was going to take over the company? How did it switch to her?" 
QUMS
"You just don't get it," the manager replied. "Lemira is a Langston. Siblings never stay mad at each other for long. After a bit of drama, everything's back to normal. Outsiders will always be outsiders."
This was meant for Evelina's ears. After all, if she hadn't provoked
Caspian with that video, the livestream incident wouldn't have happened, and Caspian wouldn't have ended up with a disfigured
face. Now that Lemira was the main shareholder of the entertainment company, it was clear that family ties were stronger than anything else. 
Evelina felt the sting of betrayal and was filled with resentment. What kind of life would she have once Lemira was back with the Langston family? She couldn't take it anymore.
Meanwhile, back at the e-sports base, Lemira texted the TG Group's PR Team: [Keep a close eye on Evelina.]
###Chapter 508
Evelina had become quite accustomed to the privileged lifestyle with the Langston family. Now, as she watched her image of the "two-faced" girl crumble bit by bit, she was certain she would need to reach out to her father.
Over the next few days, Evelina found herself being reprimanded on set. Her agent's demeanor towards her had also turned chilly, likely under Caspian's orders.
By Friday, Lemira realized she had been added back into the family group chat. She recalled leaving the chat after her rebirth. Glancing at the messages, she saw Lucian tagging her: [Tomorrow's the weekend. Are you free to come home for dinner tonight?]
Intent on playing her role to the fullest, Lemira agreed, planning to stir things up at the Langston household.
Meanwhile, outside, Evelina also saw the group chat message. Enraged, she smashed the cup in her hand. The group chat had been blissfully free of Lemira, but now she was coming back to disrupt everything.
Storming off to a secluded spot, Evelina pulled out an old spare phone and made a call, her voice trembling with emotion, "How much longer do I have to endure this? Can't we get rid of Lemira like we did with that car accident?"
"Eve, patience is crucial. Didn't you mention the Langston family is investigating the accident? We can't make a move now, or they'll find out."
"So I just have to keep putting up with this?"
"For now, yes. But remember, you can still pull some cash from the Aurora Trust. And if you can persuade Asher to collaborate with my recommended partners on the Al project, we'll be able to drain a significant portion of the Langston Group's funds. Then, you won't have to endure the Langston family any longer."
Evelina reluctantly agreed. She would endure it a bit longer. Once the Langston family went bankrupt, she'd repay today's humiliation a hundredfold.
After Lemira's team training finished, she received a call from Orion. His voice was composed, "Any plans for the weekend?"
"Not really, though I do plan to drop by the Langston family tonight. Got to keep up appearances."
Orion detected a hint of eagerness in her voice, "You seem quite enthusiastic!"
"Of course, it's going to be quite the spectacle."
"But I'm concerned about you going there alone. I'll come with you."
What if the Langston family tried to cause trouble for Lemira?
Lemira almost choked on her drink, "You want to come with me to the Langston family?"
"Yeah, unless I'm unwelcome?"
She chuckled, "It's not that. There's just no need for you to meet them Maybe during the holidays, you can come with me to visit my parents' graves." 
In her heart, only her parents were her true family.
Orion paused for a moment before replying, "Alright."
He felt uncertain. When the time came to reveal everything, would Lemira still want to be with him?
"Okay, let's have dinner together tomorrow then."
"Sure, send me your address and keep me updated on your plans."
Lemira complied, sending her address to Orion. As she stepped out of campus, ready to hail a cab, she noticed Caspian's car parked by the curb, her agent standing outside. "Ms Lemira, our future Oscar winner has come to take you home for dinner." 
At that moment, Evelina emerged from the school and recognized Caspian's car. Grinding her teeth," she approached, "Caspian, are you here to take us home?" 
Caspian rolled down the window, a mask partially obscuring his face, his eyes
cold, "I'm here to take my sister home. Who do you think you are?"
###Chapter 509
Lemira stood quietly on the side, watching as Evelina turned a shade of green with frustration.
"Caspian, I'm part of the Langston family too, you know," Evelina said, her voice dripping with resentment.
"You don't deserve it," Caspian retorted, rolling up the car window, clearly unwilling to exchange another word with her.
Lemira approached Evelina, giving her a once-over. "Did you really think your little tricks would work forever? Unless you're planning to keep up the act your whole life, which you clearly didn't manage," she said, her voice heavy with sarcasm.
Evelina's expression darkened considerably. She regretted not listening to her father's advice to keep up her facade in front of Caspian. But Caspian had been in a tight spot back then, facing a lawsuit from Lemira, and Evelina had thought he was finished. She had dropped her act, not expecting Caspian and Lemira to join forces.
Once Lemira got into the car, it drove away, leaving Evelina standing there, furious and stomping her foot. She vowed that she and her father would drain the Langston family dry, making them pay dearly when the time came.
In the car, Lemira glanced at the receding figure of Evelina. "Aren't you worried that the 'two-faced' girl might run back and tattle on you?"
Caspian paused for a moment. "Only Asher is on her side now, and we all know what kind of person Evelina is."
"Yeah, only when the boomerang hits you do you realize it hurts. I get it," Lemira replied with a wry smile, then dropped the subject.
Caspian hesitated before asking, "There are a lot of things happening at the company. How do you plan to handle it?"
"You take care of it. I don't have the time right now," Lemira replied, easing Caspian's tension. It seemed she was targeting Evelina, not him.
When the car arrived at the villa, Lemira took in the sight of the house. In her past life spent in Lyria, she'd never had the chance to visit.
As she stepped out, the staff lined up in two neat rows. Evelina arrived just then, her cab pulling up as she stormed out, determined to make a scene. Spotting the grand welcome, she dashed ahead of Lemira.
"Welcome home, Ms. Lemira!" The staff chorused, their voices synchronized.
Evelina strutted at the front, basking in the attention with a smirk. But her triumph was short-lived as Caspian grabbed her hair and yanked her back forcefully.
Tears streamed down Evelina's face from the pain. "Caspian, what are you doing?"
"Evelina, you need to know your place. This dinner is in Lemira's honor. Who do you think you are, walking ahead of her?" Caspian snapped, giving her a shove that sent the 'two-faced' girl sprawling to the ground. 
Humiliated in front of the staff, Evelina noticed their mocking glances and, feeling cornered, shouted, "But I'm also Ms. Langston! Why can't I walk in front?"
She had been the only daughter here for a while, used to being treated like royalty. But everything changed with Lemira's return.
Caspian scoffed. "The Langston family treated you as an equal, but you had your own agenda. You don't deserve the kindness the Langstons showed you."
Recalling how Evelina's demeanor had shifted the moment she got control of the company from Asher, Caspian realized all the goodwill he'd given her was a regrettable mistake.
Evelina's confidence faltered. She regretted not keeping up her act for longer in front of Caspian.
Caspian then turned to Lemira. "Let's start over, shall we?"
Lemira observed the scene with a smirk, then glanced over at Evelina. "Trying to replace me? You're not even close," she taunted, deliberately provoking the 'two-faced' gir before turning to head into the villa. 
"Welcome home, Ms. Lemira!" The staff echoed once more, their voices loud and clear.
Lucian and Alaric Langston stood at the entrance, holding a bouquet of flowers, ready to welcome her.
Evelina watched from the doorway,
her eyes burning with jealousy. All of this should have been hers. Why did Lemira get to swoop in and take it all away? The Langston family really were ungrateful, favoring a blood relative over all the kindness she'd shown them over the years. 
###Chapter 510
Evelina, with an air of arrogance, called out to the staff, "Can't you see I need help here? Are you all blind?” But the staff ignored her, rushing into the villa's living room. Evelina was left to hobble her way towards the villa on her own.
Inside, Lemira admired the decor. "This place really reminds me of Lyria," she remarked. Lucian nodded in agreement. "Yes, our parents decorated it back in the day, and we've tried to keep everything the same, just as they intended." A nostalgic glimmer flickered in Lemira's eyes.
Noticing Evelina's entrance from the corner of her eye, Lemira decided to stir the pot. "So, where's my room?" she inquired. Lucian quickly responded, "Upstairs. We've got it all set up for you." "Oh, I see," Lemira smirked, her eyes landing on Evelina. "I guess that means someone's going to be without a room?" Feigning innocence, she added, "But hey, not much I can do. This house was bought by my parents, and the biggest, best room was always meant for me."
Evelina was fuming but shot back, "Well, Asher bought me another house as compensation." It seemed Asher really did have a soft spot for Evelina. Lucian, seeing through Evelina's bragging, said, "Since Asher got you another place, maybe you should move there." Evelina's face went pale, at a loss for words. Caspian nodded in agreement. "Exactly. It's not like we're family. Living together doesn't really make sense."
Evelina burst into tears, but no one stepped in to comfort her. Lucian, Caspian, and Alaric all buzzed around Lemira, treating Evelina as if she were invisible. Lemira sauntered upstairs, casting a triumphant glance back at Evelina in the hall. This was only the beginning.
Back in her room, Lemira felt a wave of mixed emotions. In a past life, she'd never even set foot in this place, let alone claimed this room. It had been Evelina's domain, with no space for Lemira.
Dinner time came around quickly. Asher returned, and Evelina was the first to greet him, as he was the only one in the house who would give her attention apart from her brothers. Asher noticed the scrape on Evelina's arm and his expression darkened. "What happened to you?" Evelina stammered, "When Lemmy came back, I accidentally got in her way, and she got mad. But don't hold it against her, Asher. It's been so long since she's been home. I don't want to fight with her."
Asher fumed, "Does Lemira think she can just do whatever she wants now that she's back?" Fuming, Asher stormed into the living room. Evelina smirked from the sidelines. As long as Asher was on her side, no one else could touch her. 
Lemira lounged on the sofa, watching Asher approach with fire in his eyes, undoubtedly thanks to Evelina's instigation. Asher spoke first. "Lémira, you've caused chaos е since you stepped foot in here Why'd you have to injure Eve?" Lemira said nothing, merely raising an eyebrow with a look of amused disdain. 
Caspian, in a burst of anger, stood up, grabbed Evelina by the hair, and pushed her to the ground. Evelina screamed, "Asher!" Asher was too stunned to react, staring at Caspian. "What are you doing?"
"Asher, I'm showing you exactly how Evelina got hurt. See? This had nothing to do with Lemira!"
It took Asher a moment to find words. "You can't just go around hitting her!"
Lemira burst out laughing, finding the entire scene absurd. Asher turned his ire on her. "You've got the nerve to laugh, Lemira? This whole mess started because of you."
Lemira set her glass down with a
thud, sarcasm dripping from her words. "Seems like I'm not welcome here, so maybe I should leave. I
guess all that talk about
reconciliation was just that-talk."
With that, she walked out of the villa. 
Caspian shrugged, throwing caution to the wind. "Asher, if Alaric and I end up in
jail, it'll be your fault for driving Lemira away." Asher's face was a mix of anger and frustration as he rushed out to chase after Lemira.
###Chapter 511
Asher rushed into the hallway just as Lemira was about to leave.
"Lemira, wait up!"
"If your words mean nothing, then there's no reason for me to stay," Lemira retorted, her tone icy.
Asher's expression hardened, and he forced out, "I must have misheard earlier. I thought it was you who started the fight."
If Lemira left now, what would happen with Caspian and Alaric? He couldn't afford to carry that burden.
Lemira's lips twisted into a cold smile. "Did you mishear, or did someone deliberately twist the truth?"
Asher's tone grew softer. "Does it really matter?"
"It does matter. You all love sweeping things under the rug, but I'm done with that. We need to clear this up."
Just as Lemira finished speaking, Caspian dragged Evelina into the room.
Caspian glared at Evelina. "So, what exactly did you tell Asher earlier? Repeat it."
Evelina sheepishly glanced at Asher. "Asher, I never said Lemmy hit me."
Asher felt a twinge of discomfort. Evelina hadn't said it outright, but her tone certainly implied it was Lemira.
He paused for a moment, then addressed Lemira, "I guess I misheard. Is that enough?"
"Asher, if you misheard, you should apologize to Lemira," Lucian interjected, stepping in. "You assumed Lemira was at fault, and that's on you. She's been wronged by our assumptions before, and we can't let it happen again."
Asher's expression was reluctant. He was Asher, after all. Apologizing wasn't in his nature.
Noticing Asher's hesitation, Evelina quickly added, "It's really my fault. I misled Asher, which caused all this. I should be the one to apologize."
Seeing Evelina take the blame, Asher felt somewhat relieved. He had been irritated with her moments before.
Lemira watched as the "two-faced" girl approached her with feigned sincerity and swiftly slapped her across the face.
Evelina was stunned.
Lemira rubbed her wrist. "Since you're apologizing, it means you're admitting fault. Slapping you is for your own good."
Evelina screamed, "For my good?"
"Yes, you're always so ambiguous. It easily leads to misunderstandings. It's not a good habit. I'm just helping you correct it. You should be thanking me." 
Lemira even helped Evelina back to her feet, her voice dripping with faux kindness. "Try not to talk like that
Sore, okay? I don't want to have
to do this again." 
Evelina shivered at Lemira's pleasant expression. This side of Lemira was even more unnerving. What was this woman up to?
She quickly turned to Asher for support. "Asher!"
Asher cleared his throat. "Lemira has a point. She helped you up, which shows she wants to get along."
Evelina nearly exploded with frustration. Lemira's actions were anything but conciliatory, but with Asher's stance, she didn't dare argue.
Lemira let go of Evelina's hand, making a point to wipe her own on Evelina's clothing.
Evelina felt her blood pressure spike. This woman was definitely doing this on purpose, pretending to return to the Langston family to take
everything from her. 
Back in the dining room, the butler, Zack, approached. "Mr. Langston, shall we serve dinner?"
Lemira's smirk deepened when she saw Zack.
Zack noticed her gaze but avoided making eye contact.
As they took their seats, Lemira noticed Evelina habitually pulling out a chair. She
swooped in and sat down. "Thanks!"
Evelina fumed. "That's my seat!"
"Really? Well, I just love sitting here," Lemira replied with a cheeky grin.
###Chapter 512
Lemira wasn't about to budge, not even an inch.
Caspian spoke up, "Evelina, Lemira just got back home. Maybe you should give her some leeway."
Lucian chimed in, "Any seat's as good as another, Evelina. How about you take this one over here?"
Evelina was on the verge of tears. In the past, she'd always snagged Lemira's spot, and her brothers had always backed her up. Never in her wildest dreams did she think she'd be the one asked to move one day.
Asher stayed silent, leaving Evelina with no choice but to grudgingly take another seat, though she simmered with resentment. Lemira noticed Evelina's unwilling expression. Good, she thought.
Before long, Zack, along with the staff, began serving dinner. As Lemira's fork clattered to the floor, she glanced at Zack, "Could you bring me a fresh set, please?"
Zack promptly obliged, returning shortly with new utensils. After taking a bite of her meal, Lemira spat it back onto her plate, "What's going on in the kitchen? This food is atrocious. Is this your way of saying I'm not welcome back?"
Zack, taken aback, retorted, "Ms. Lemira, these dishes were prepared by the head chef. They can't possibly be bad."
"Well, they are to me."
Lemira's eyes gleamed with mockery, "Seems like you're not up to the task. Maybe it's time for a change of management."
Evelina quickly interjected, "But he's been with our family for over a decade. We're all used to him. We can't just replace him on a whim."
"But he went and changed the front door code without permission, altering things our parents left behind. I don't think someone like him should stay on with us."
Lemira's resolve was clear, "I don't want to see him here."
Asher was at a loss for words and turned to Lucian for support.
Lucian spoke, "If Lemmy's not happy, then a change it is. But since he's been with us for so long, it's best he returns to his hometown, Lyria. He's no longer needed here. What do you think, Asher?"
Asher, who would have usually brushed off such a trivial matter, hesitated. With Lemira's stubborn streak, any confrontation could easily escalate into full-blown discord. Weighing his options, Asher
decided Zack's departure was the
more suitable course of
He nodded, "That seems fair."
"Asher, you can't send Zack back home."
action.
Evelina, seeing Asher agree, was suddenly frantic.
Asher, losing patience, said, "Eve, don't be difficult. Zack's from Lyria, going back is the best option for him."
"But to me, Zack's like family. I don't want him to leave."
Evelina clung to Asher's arm, trying to coax him as she had so many times before. This time, Asher gently pushed her away, "We'll do as Lucian suggested."
After all, it was just a matter of letting go of a butler. It wasn't the end of the world.
Lucian turned to Evelina, "If you can't bear to part with Zack, you can always head back to Lyria with him."
Evelina fell silent. There was no way she'd go back to small-town life. Yet without Zack around, any little scheme she might have had in mind
staff were all trying to win over Lemira, paying Evelina no mind Whatsoever. 
d be impossible. Then let
Evelina sulked, barely touching her food. Meanwhile, Lemira enjoyed her meal, delighting in Evelina's discomfort.
After dinner, Asher approached Lemira, "Since you've made peace with the family, shouldn't you drop the charges and clear things up with the public?"
"No rush, we'll take it slow."
Lemira wasn't naive enough to comply so easily. She knew Asher could turn his back on her at any moment.
With that, Lemira left the dining room. Asher set down his utensils, "Hmph, Lemira's temper is getting worse. Eve, you'd best steer clear of her for now."
Evelina seethed, her chest tight with anger. As she watched Lemira leave, she vowed to herself that tonight she'd deal with this troublemaker once and for all. Otherwise, how could she ever hold her own in the Langston family? 
###Chapter 513
Lemira was lounging in the main hall, gesturing for Zack to bring her some tea.
She took a sniff of the steaming cup, wrinkled her nose, and placed it back on the tray. "Make it again," she commanded.
Zack, swallowing his frustration, took the cup and returned to the kitchen to prepare a fresh pot. When he came back with a new cup, Lemira reached for it but recoiled as the heat stung her fingers. Annoyed, she splashed it onto Zack. "Are you trying to scald me?" she snapped.
Zack's eyes momentarily flashed with displeasure, but he quickly apologized, "I'm sorry, Ms. Lemira, it wasn't intentional."
Lemira let out a derisive laugh, fully aware that her actions were deliberate.
Evelina, witnessing the scene, approached them. "Lemmy, Zack's quite elderly. You could have one of the maids make your tea instead."
"Isn't he just a servant?" Lemira retorted. "If you're so worried about him, why don't you do it?"
"Lemmy, you're clearly doing this on purpose," Evelina remarked.
Caught off guard, Evelina hesitated. She certainly wasn't about to take on the role of a servant.
Lemira chuckled coldly. "Exactly, I'm doing it on purpose. Got a problem with that? Keep it to yourself!"
Anyone or anything in the Langston household that made her uncomfortable was fair game for her disdain.
Evelina glanced over at Asher, hoping for support, but he remained silent, pretending not to notice. This only fueled Evelina's frustration. Wasn't Asher supposed to be on her side?
Caspian chimed in with a mocking tone, "If you want to play the hero, why not handle Zack's duties too? Don't just stand there."
Evelina bit her tongue, choosing not to respond.
Lemira abruptly changed the subject. "Isn't there a charity sale coming up for the foundation? How's the planning going?"
Evelina reluctantly replied, "It's scheduled for the weekend."
"Give me a copy of the event plan. I need to check for any areas that need improvement."
"But it's almost the weekend. There's no time for changes!" Evelina protested.
Lemira gave her a knowing smirk. "I'm the boss around here. If you don't want to be responsible, you can step down now."
Evelina shot another pleading look at Asher.
Lemira cut in sharply, "Looking at him won't help. The foundation is mine, and I call the shots."
Asher cleared his throat awkwardly. "Eve, maybe you should sit this one out to avoid any hassle."
"No way. I've taken on this responsibility, and I'll see it through," Evelina replied defiantly.
Seeing Evelina's stubborn
determination for the charity sale, Lemira smirked internally. So greedy, she thought. Even charity money isn't safe! 
With that, Lemira retreated to her room.
A message popped up from Orion: "Is the show over?"
"Pretty much for today," Lemira replied. "Living life with no filter makes it surprisingly more refined."
She started a video call with Orion. "Check this out. This is the room my parents decorated for me."
Orion was greeted with pink walls and decor that screamed little girl's dream His expression softened as he spoke, "You're your parents' little princess." 
"Of course I am," Lemira said, looking around the room, feeling the love her parents had poured into it.
After chatting for a while, Evelina's voice echoed from outside, "I brought the event plan."
Lemira glanced at Orion. "Gotta go."
Ending the call, she opened the door. Evelina reluctantly handed her the file. "Here it is."
Lemira flipped through the pages. "You wrote this?"
"Yep, all by myself. Asher even said it looked fine."
"But I see
of issues. Plenty
needs to be revised. I'll tell you what
needs
fixing, and it must be det
tonight!" 
by
Evelina gritted her teeth. "Alright, tell me."
Lemira pointed out several flaws, then tossed the file back at Evelina. "Get it done by tonight."
"Fine, but don't lock your door, Lemmy. I'll come back when I'm finished."
"Sure, now get out of here."
###Chapter 514
Lemira watched Evelina's retreating figure, her eyes filled with a myriad of thoughts. Once Evelina returned to her room, her expression was as cold as a winter's night.
Zack quietly entered, carrying a glass of milk. "Ms. Evelina," he whispered, "we can't just sit around and do nothing. We need to take action, or things will only get worse for you."
"Do you think I don't know that?" Evelina snapped, looking up from the planning
documents in her hands. Her eyes fixed on Zack. "I have an idea, but I'm not sure
if
you have the guts to pull it off."
"Tell me, Ms. Evelina."
"You're being sent back to your hometown tomorrow anyway. Why not get some revenge tonight before you go? Lemira is expecting me to deliver the revised plan. She won't lock her door tonight."
Evelina's voice dripped with malice. "Pretend you're drunk and barge in. What you do after that is your choice."
Zack's eyes gleamed, but he hesitated. "I've heard Ms. Lemira is quite capable."
"I know," Evelina replied. "I'll have a maid bring her some milk laced with a little something extra. Later, I'll check if she's drunk it when I deliver the plan. She won't be able to fight back by then."
Just the thought of it made Evelina feel a sense of satisfaction. Once Lemira was disgraced, how would she hold her head up high again?
Zack hesitated, "But I'll end up in jail for sure. How will I live without this job?"
"Don't worry," Evelina assured him. "I'll give you some money. You can claim you were drunk. Asher won't want to cause a scandal by pressing charges. At most, you'll be thrown out."
Evelina's eyes sparkled with excitement. "It's a win-win situation. You've been single all these years, and spending a night with Miss Lemira is quite the catch."
"True enough," Zack conceded, rubbing his hands together in anticipation. "Ms. Evelina, I've always admired you, though."
"I've always seen you as a respected elder," Evelina replied, masking her disgust with a smile. "I remember you saying that in the Langston family, we're all the same, and you'd always be on my side. Does that still hold true?"
"Of course," Zack affirmed, taking her hand. "Unlike the Langston family, I'm loyal. I'll always protect you."
Evelina couldn't help but cringe at the sight of his graying hair. In the past, she had feared being ousted from the Langston family, so she had deliberately encouraged Zack's infatuation with her, which had been beneficial in many ways. 
She withdrew her hand. "Go have a drink and get ready. I'll ring the bell when it's time."
"Alright," Zack agreed, kissing her hand before reluctantly leaving the room.
As soon as he left, Evelina rushed to
the bathroom to wash her hands Once L'emira was ruined, she would never have to endure Zack's presence again. 
Tonight, she would ensure Lemira's downfall.
Evelina sent the revised plan to the foundation's assistant, giving the poor assistant a verbal lashing that finally brought her some relief.
A few hours later, Evelina, holding the revised documents, knocked on Lemira's bedroom door.
As expected, it was unlocked. Evelina entered.
Lemira was still engrossed in her video game. She glanced at Evelina with indifference. "Wait a minute. I'll be done with this game soon."
Evelina felt a twinge of annoyance and glanced at the empty milk glass on the table. Everything was going according to plan. Evelina smirked.
Not long after, Lemira yawned, looking groggy. She stood up. "I'll look at it later. You can leave now."
"Alright, make sure to give it a good read," Evelina said with a triumphant smile, eager to leave the room and summon Zack.
She couldn't contain her excitement. "Lemira is done for."
"Are you so sure about that?" A voice interrupted.
###Chapter 515
Evelina was startled by a sudden noise behind her, causing her to freeze. She turned around stiffly to find Lemira standing in the doorway.
Lemira entered slowly, her gaze icy as she looked at Evelina. "So, you really want me out of the picture, don't you?"
"Lemmy, why are you here? You must have misheard; I wasn't talking about you."
Evelina was terrified, beads of cold sweat forming on her forehead. Wasn't this troublemaker supposed to be knocked out after drinking that drugged milk? How did she end up here?
With a smirk, Lemira stepped forward and knocked Evelina out cold.
Lemira was eager to see what Evelina had so carefully orchestrated for her.
Effortlessly, Lemira dragged Evelina back to her own bedroom but then reconsidered, placing her on Evelina's bed instead and deliberately turning off the lights.
Lemira hid in the bathroom, excited to see what would happen next.
Time ticked by slowly until the bedroom door quietly creaked open, and a shadowy figure slipped inside.
It was Zack, reeking of alcohol and clutching a half-empty whiskey bottle.
He tiptoed to the bed and, seeing a girl fast asleep, began to u*** her, placing himself over her, kissing and groping her.
Zack muttered obscenities, his words slurred, "You little witch, thought you could insult and kick me out, huh? Well, here I am, having my way with you. So what if you're a rich girl? You're still just trash."
Lemira listened to the vulgar words spewing from Zack's mouth, a cold sneer on her lips.
So, this was the grand scheme Evelina had devised. She really went all out.
But this little drama deserved Evelina as the star of the show.
Lemira couldn't help but wonder how Evelina would react once she learned the truth.
Before long, the quiet bedroom was filled with the sounds of low moans and Zack's drunken curses.
Suddenly, the door burst open with a b***.
Lucian rushed in, flipping on the lights, and was greeted with the
fel gled
sight of a man and a woman tangled
on the bed. His anger flared instantly. "Zack, what the helDare you doing?" 
Zack, bleary-eyed and startled, shrank back at the sight of Lucian. But buoyed by liquid courage, he blurted out, "Ms. Lemira told me was leaving tomorrow. She asked
me to come over, said she wanted to talk." 
"You bastard! My sister isn't someone you can lay a finger on. I'll kill you!"
Lucian was seeing red, ready to tear Zack apart for daring to lay hands on Lemira.
Zack, pinned down and getting pummeled, slurred, "It was Ms. Lemira who s*** me."
Lucian's fist connected with Zack's face in a rage-fueled punch, leaving him bloodied.
Soon, Asher and Caspian arrived, drawn by the commotion.
They quickly noticed the peculiar scent in the room, and their expressions darkened.
Furious, Caspian hauled Zack up by his collar, demanding, "Who the hell gave you permission to touch her?"
Bloodied and smirking defiantly, Zack passed out cold.
Caspian dumped Zack on the floor, delivering several vicious kicks, wishing he could do more.
Asher, taking in the chaotic scene, immediately instructed Alaric to close the door, ensuring no servants witnessed the spectacle and spread rumors.
Lucian's eyes were burning red. "Asher, I told you this butler was trouble. You insisted on bringing him to Orvin, and now look what happened. Are you happy?"
Faced with the accusation, Asher couldn't muster a single defense.
Caspian tried to calm Lucian down. "Lucian, take it easy."
"How the hell am I supposed to calm down? Something like this happens to my sister, and you expect me to stay calm?"
Lucian was trembling with rage, barely able to stand. "Call the police, right now!"
"No, we can't call the police," Asher interjected firmly. "If we involve them, this will become town gossip in Orvin, and where will that leave
the Langston family's reputation?" 
###Chapter 516
Lucian threw a punch at Asher, his frustration evident. "What about Lemmy? She was hurt!"
Asher's face was impassive. "I'll make it up to Lemira for the harm she's endured, and Zack will be held accountable. But we can't involve the police or let this go public!"
"This isn't the right time for that discussion. We're all men here, not the best suited to handle this. Let's have Evelina come over," Caspian suggested just as the
bathroom door opened and Lemira walked out.
The room fell into silence, everyone stunned.
Lucian hurried over to Lemira. "Lemmy, are you alright?"
Lemira shrugged, shaking her head lightly. "What's supposed to be wrong with me?"
Caspian's eyes widened in disbelief. "Then who the heck is on the bed?"
Asher felt a sinking feeling. He walked over, pulled back the blanket slightly, and was shocked to see Evelina's face. He stumbled back, startled. "It's Evelina."
Lucian was bewildered. "What on earth is happening?"
Asher turned to Lemira, his anger simmering. "Did you orchestrate this?"
Lemira's eyes were filled with sarcasm. She walked over to the bed and slapped Evelina awake with a few firm smacks.
Asher's expression darkened. "What are you doing?"
"Waking her up so she can explain everything to you herself."
Asher hesitated, wanting to intervene, but with the blanket slipping, he turned his gaze upwards to the ceiling. "Lemira, that's enough!"
"We're not done here."
Caspian and Lucian both turned away, exchanging a knowing glance, understanding beginning to dawn on them.
Evelina stirred, blinking groggily, then screamed upon seeing Lemira. "What are you doing?"
"Just waking you up so you can tell Asher what happened!"
Evelina finally realized her state of u*** and the discomfort in her body. She glanced at Zack,
velve
disheveled on the floor, and horror washed over her. 
She stammered, her lips quivering, "Why did you do this to me, Lemira?"
The realization struck her hard; she had been outmaneuvered.
Lemira's gaze was icy. "You reap what you sow. Maybe you shouldn't have tangled with Zack."
Evelina, enraged, lunged at Lemira, her hands aiming for her throat, only to be met with a swift slap that sent her reeling.
In her current state, Evelina was no match for Lemira.
Evelina broke down, sobbing uncontrollably. "Asher, Asher, Lemira set me up!"
Lemira smirked at her brothers. "Evelina's not exactly dressed for company, Asher, you'd better keep your cool."
Asher rubbed his temples, clearly frustrated. "Eve, put some clothes on first, then we'll talk."
With trembling hands, Evelina dressed and then threw herself into Asher's arms, crying. "Asher, you have to report this!"
Asher caught a whiff of something unpleasant and his expression flickered with distaste.
Lemira chuckled softly. "Can't report
it, though. Otherwise, everyone will
know the Langston family's
business, and we'd be the talk of the town." 
Evelina wailed, "Is my suffering less important than the Langston family's reputation?"
Asher found himself at a loss for
irony not lost on him.
Those the very words he had
spoken earlier, now turned back on
him. 
He hadn't expected Evelina to be the one in the bed. This was Lemira's room. Perplexed, Asher pressed Evelina for answers. "Why were you in Lemira's room?"
###Chapter 517
Evelina screamed, "Lemira knocked me out and brought me here!"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile, "No, we were going over the project proposal together. It got late, and you fell asleep."
"You're lying! You knocked me out and brought me here. You knew what was going to happen. You set me up on purpose."
At that moment, Evelina was so furious she wished she could wring Lemira's neck.
Lemira retorted, "What do you mean I knew what was going to happen? Do you have any proof?"
"Of course, I do! The hallway has..."
Security cameras?
Evelina suddenly remembered she had instructed Zack to turn off the cameras to erase any evidence of her presence.
Now she had no proof that Lemira had brought her here.
What was she going to do?
Lemira's eyes were icy, "You were going to say there are cameras, right? Fine, then go check the footage. Why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you know the cameras were turned off by Zack and there's no evidence?"
"No, how could I possibly know? You're the one who turned them off, not me!"
Evelina's face was full of guilt, unable to admit the truth.
Asher was getting a headache, "So, what actually happened?"
Lemira picked up a glass of milk nearby, "This milk was tampered with. Anyone who drinks it falls asleep. Evelina was with me discussing the proposal, and she told me not to lock the door. Then Zack, drunk as a skunk, barged in."
Evelina quickly interjected, "I had no idea about any of this! You kicked Zack out, and he held a grudge against you, which is why he did it."
She had already thought up an excuse.
Lemira nodded, "You might be right. Who would have thought you'd fall asleep in my room? I just went to the bathroom, and when I came back, all this happened."
"That's not what happened!"
Evelina protested vehemently; she hadn't just fallen asleep.
Lemira pressed, "Are you saying I knew Zack would come up to assault me, and I deliberately brought you here to get assaulted?"
Evelina couldn't dare say that. She lowered her head, tears of resentment falling, "Asher, I swear I was in my own room. Lemira brought me here."
Lemira looked at Asher, "Evelina fell asleep in my room. She's misremembering."
With no footage, Evelina's words lacked proof.
Evelina started sobbing loudly, "Asher, you have to believe me!"
Lemira glanced at Asher, with a
mocking smile, "So, you still only et
believe Evelina, right? Then maybe I should leave. I can't stay withthe Langston family anymore. 
Asher was exasperated. Lemira had this temper, and if things didn't go her way, she'd threaten to He
couldn't bring himself to harsh
word. 
Lucian spoke up, "We can wait until Zack wakes up and ask him. Maybe he didn't even know which girl was in the room."
Caspian nodded, "Exactly. This is Lemira's room; clearly, someone was targeting her."
Evelina's heart sank hearing this.
Damn, if Zack talked, she'd be exposed.
Evelina hurriedly suggested, "Let's lock Zack in the basement. I want to question him myself tomorrow."
Caspian stepped forward, "No need to wait until tomorrow. I'll wake him up now and get to the bottom of this, so nobody can worm their way out of it."
Caspian had fallen victim to Evelina's tricks before, and he was determined for Asher to see Evelina's true colors today.
Without hesitation, Caspian dragged Zack to the bathroom and splashed cold water on him.
Seeing this, Evelina felt a twinge of panic. She had to think fast; she couldn't let Zack spill the beans about her.
Lemira noticed Evelina's anxious expression and her smile grew
colder. She was curious to see net
the "two-faced" girl would talk her way out of this one. 
Soon, Zack was jolted awake by the cold water.
###Chapter 518
Caspian dragged Zack out, his boot firmly pressing down on the man's hand. "Speak up. Who ordered you to do this?"
Zack was about to respond when Evelina stormed over, launching into a flurry of punches and kicks. "You scoundrel! Who told you to do this to me? I'll kill you!"
Zack was utterly bewildered, staring at Evelina in her disheveled state. "Wait, why is it you?"
This was supposed to be Lemira's room, wasn't it? Why was Evelina here? What in the world was going on?
Evelina was sobbing uncontrollably, her neck showing a tell-tale bruise. Zack gulped, a realization dawning on him. Had he really been with Evelina? Despite himself, a strange sense of triumph welled up inside him.
Evelina slapped him hard across the face. "Who ordered you to ruin me?"
Thinking quickly, Zack glanced at Lemira. "It was her! Ms. Lemira told me to do it!"
Evelina's eyes went cold as she turned to Lemira, heartbroken. "Lemmy, it was you all along? That's why you wanted me to rewrite the proposal at midnight and drink that glass of milk."
At this, the "two-faced" girl dissolved into tears.
Lemira chuckled at the scene. "What a performance! Why can't you act this well on stage? You're usually dreadful."
Evelina's pleading eyes turned toward Asher. "Asher, this is the truth. You can't let her off just because Lemira is your sister. I'm the victim here!"
Asher sighed, looking at Lemira. "Why would you do such a thing?"
Before Lemira could respond, Lucian stepped in. "Asher, I believe Lemmy had nothing to do with this."
Caspian nodded in agreement. "I'm with Lucian. This butler was clearly targeting Lemira."
Zack protested again. "Ms. Lemira lured me here. I had no idea it was Ms. Evelina in the bed."
He had to back Evelina now, especially after what happened. He had to take responsibility somehow.
Evelina seized the moment, her voice rising. "Asher, I'm calling the police! I can't let this go!"
Asher hesitated. "We can't call the cops."
Evelina looked shocked. How could Asher not want to report this after what happened to her?
Asher cleared his throat. "Eve, if report this, it could ruin your reputation. If the Draven fam
you
hears about it, Mrs. Grace Draven will never accept you." 
Evelina shuddered at the thought,
her fear quickly turning to rage.
"Asher, this is all Lemira's fault
wanther to suffer the same fate!" 
The idea that Lemira had set her up with that old creep made Evelina's blood boil.
Asher finally addressed Lemira. "We can't involve the police, but you need to pay for this. The foundation will compensate Eve. After this, no one is to mention it again." 
Lemira laughed out loud. "I'm the one who got framed!"
Lucian backed her up. "Asher, this was clearly a plot by Zack and Evelina, and now Evelina's just facing the consequences."
Asher's eye twitched in frustration. "Zack said Lemira orchestrated it. If you're the victim, Lemira, do you have any proof?"
"Oh, I do," Lemira said with a smirk.
She walked over to the table, picked up her phone, and waved it in the air. "I recorded the whole thing."
Evelina's face turned ashen. That snake had recorded everything? What had Zack said while drunk?
###Chapter 519
When Lemira pulled out her phone, the room fell silent.
Evelina shivered, turning to Asher. "Asher, I think I need to lie down. I can't stay here and look at that disgusting butler."
"Hold on a sec," Asher replied.
Caspian stepped in front of Evelina, blocking her path. "Weren't you just so confident? Now you're trying to run away?"
Moments ago, she seemed so sure of Lemira's guilt, and now a video shows up, and she's bolting?
Evelina's eyes darted around nervously. "The truth is clear as day. I'm the victim here. Lemira's the one who walks away without a scratch, isn't she?"
Why are they still on her case?
Lemira tapped play on the video. The lighting was dim, but it was clear enough: Zack was pinning Evelina down.
Asher looked away, uncomfortable. "Turn the volume up."
This wasn't something Asher wanted to watch.
Soon, Zack's slurred words filled the room. "You think being Ms. Lemira means squat? I still had my way with you. Cross Ms. Evelina, and she'll make sure you suffer too."
Lucian's hand flew out, slapping Evelina across the face. "What do you have to say for yourself? How could you be so cruel?"
Lucian was stunned. Evelina actually got Zack to do something like this?
How did an adopted daughter dare?
Caspian turned to Asher. "Asher, the truth's out now. Did you hear that? Evelina orchestrated everything, that's who she is!"
Asher looked like he'd taken a punch to the gut.
He glanced at Lemira, guilt in his eyes, but didn't know how to start.
Then Zack shouted, "I-I was drunk, talking nonsense. I did it all myself. No one
told me to. Ms. Lemira wanted me gone, and I couldn't handle it."
Zack was taking all the blame.
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. Now it had nothing to do with her.
She started to cry, looking pitiful. "Asher, you know Lemmy never liked me, but I've never had any ill will towards her. I couldn't do something so awful. And anyway, I ended up being the victim here!" 
Asher, a bit softened, helped Evelina up. "I know you wouldn't do something like that."
Caspian sneered. "Evelina, you dug your own grave. Serves you right!"
"Enough! Can't you see Eve's been through hell too?" Asher interjected.
Asher kicked Zack. "Lock him in the basement. We'll send him to the police tomorrow."
Lemira's voice dripped with
sarcasm. "Why not call the cops now? Didn't Evelina say there was
something wrong with the milk net
gave her? Let's do a blood test right now see if she's telling the truth." 
Evelina panicked because she hadn't touched any tainted milk.
She quickly turned to Asher. "Asher, let's hold off on calling the police. I'm worried about the Langston family's reputation. I don't want this getting out."
If the cops found out anything, she'd be doomed.
Asher nodded. "Eve, you're being sensible. Go take a shower and rest. We'll deal with this in the morning."
"Hold on, who said you could leave? Calling the police isn't just your decision," Lemira interrupted.
Lemira was stunned. Even with clear evidence, Asher was still shielding Evelina. Asher walked up to her, his tone commanding. "Enough. You could've stopped it all, but you just watched Eve getting attacked by Zack. Do you really think you're blameless?"
Lemira met his gaze. "It's called karma, Asher. She got what she deserved." Everyone knew the truth deep down.
Asher, furious, raised his hand, but Lemira blocked him firmly, her voice icy. "What, did I lie? You can't say you don't know the truth, but you still protect Evelina!"
Asher's expression changed. No matter what, this couldn't blow up.
"But Eve's been through enough already. Let it go, Lemira. Delete the video."
"Deleting it is not gonna happen. I just got back and got hit with this bombshell. I'm gonna see this through."
"What do you want, then? You heard Zack. It's got nothing to do with Eve. He's taking all the blame. Even if you call the cops, it won't change a thing" Asher's words carried a threat. 
###Chapter 520
Lemira's eyes glinted with sarcasm, making Asher feel a twinge of guilt. Eventually, he turned and left the room with Evelina.
Lucian stepped up to Lemira. "Lemmy, how about you sleep in the guest room tonight? I'll have someone clean up your room."
Caspian glanced at Lemira. "Did you know about Evelina's plan in advance?"
Otherwise, how would Evelina have ended up in Lemira's room unannounced?
Lemira's eyes were cold. "How could I have known about Evelina's plan? Let's just say she faced the consequences of her own actions."
She nodded towards the empty milk bottle on the table. "There's a bit left; it could serve as evidence."
As for the milk, she hadn't drunk it. Most of it had gone down the drain, but enough remained for proof.
Lucian's gaze at Lemira was complicated. He had a hunch that Lemira had anticipated Evelina's scheme, turning it on its head so Evelina would taste her own medicine. Everyone had their suspicions.
Lucian spoke up, "Lemmy, you should get some rest in the guest room. We can deal with this tomorrow."
Lemira turned and headed to the guest room.
Lucian couldn't help but voice his thoughts, "Caspian, have you noticed how much Lemmy's changed? She knew about Evelina's malicious plot and could have stopped it, but she stayed in the bathroom, letting Zack assaulted Evelina."
Lucian was struggling to come to terms with Lemira's indifference.
Caspian sighed, "Lucian, if Lemira hadn't been smart, she would have been the victim today. I think she did the right thing. Evelina needed to learn the hard way." "But wasn't it enough to just teach Evelina a lesson? Did it have to go this far?"
Lucian couldn't shake the unsettling feeling knowing Lemira had let the situation escalate with Zack and Evelina.
"Lucian, you're too soft-hearted. Lemira did nothing wrong. We could report this to the police; they might find more dirt on Evelina."
"Forget it. Calling the cops could ruin our family's reputation. Besides, Evelina's suffered enough."
Caspian disagreed but didn't press the issue. They'd deal with it tomorrow.
Lemira locked herself in the guest room, lying down on the bed. Thinking back to Evelina's confrontation with Zack, she smirked. That "two-faced" girl must be furious.
What a show that was.
Lemira was too excited to sleep. She picked up her phone to find a message from Orion, asking her to text back when she was free.
She replied, "Just finished watching quite the drama. You must be asleep by now. I'll tell you all about it tomorrow."
Almost immediately, Orion video-called her.
Lemira answered, seeing his face on the screen. "Still awake at this hour?"
His gaze was intense. "I was waiting for your reply."
Lemira chuckled. "What if I hadn't replied all night? Would you have waited?"
"I might have camped outside the Langston residence."
She knew he wasn't kidding. Rolling over in bed, she said, "Didn't have a moment to text you earlier."
"What happened?"
"The 'two-faced' girl tried to trap me, but she ended up falling into her own snare." Lemira recounted the night's events.
When Orion heard about the tainted milk, his expression darkened. "I'm coming to get you."
"No need. I'm not that naive. The
only ally the 'two-faced' girl had was Zack, and now he's out of the
picture. Her only support left is her father." 
That was precisely what Lemira wanted.
Orion's eyes were steely. "I'm still worried."
"Don't be. I can handle myself, and apart from Asher, my other brothers are on my side for now."
Lemira was determined to corner the "two-faced" girl.
Orion, with his lips firmly set, had already started investigating Evelina's father but found nothing substantial.
They chatted for a while longer before Lemira drifted off to sleep.
Hearing her steady breathing, Orion's gaze softened.
He realized the car accident from years ago might not have been an accident after all. It was time to reopen the investigation. What was the Sinclair family hiding? 
The next morning, Lemira woke up, stifling
of
yawn as she headed
She noticed a
f in the hall.
Curious, she asked, "What's going on?"
"Zack took his own life in the basement last night."
###Chapter 521
"Wait, Zack did what?"
Lemira couldn't believe her ears. She rushed down to the basement, where the entire Langston family had already gathered.
Asher stood by the door, staring at Zack's lifeless body hanging from the ceiling. His brow furrowed, but deep down, he was relieved. A suicide out of guilt meant they could pin all the blame on Zack.
Lucian noticed Lemira approaching and quickly shielded her view. "Don't look, it'll haunt your dreams."
Lemira set her jaw. "Zack wouldn't have taken his own life."
Evelina must have coerced him somehow. A greedy person like him wouldn't just up and end it.
Caspian spoke up, "So you think he was murdered?"
"No way," Asher shot back immediately. "And if it was murder, who did it? Eve's just a girl; she couldn't have done it alone. Don't you dare try to frame her."
Lemira smirked. "Who's to say Evelina didn't have help?"
Clearly, someone was pulling the strings behind the scenes.
Asher was getting agitated. "She's an orphan, Lemira. Where would she find someone capable of murder?"
Lucian nodded in agreement. "Asher's got a point. Maybe Zack really did take his own life out of guilt."
"Asher, we have to report this to the police. But what excuse should we use?" Lucian pondered for a moment.
Asher chimed in, "Let's say Zack stole a bunch of valuables from the house. He was caught trying to take something from Lemira's room last night, and out of shame, he ended it."
Lucian agreed. "I suppose that works. Zack's accounts were always sketchy, but I turned a blind eye."
Lemira found it all rather amusing. A man with such a questionable character had served the Langston family for years.
Caspian spoke up on her behalf, "Lucian, if you knew Zack was trouble, why keep him around?"
Lucian looked uneasy. "I thought it was wrong to just fire him after all these years, especially since Evelina was close to him."
Who would've thought things would turn out like this?
Just then, Evelina burst into the room. "Asher, I heard Zack killed himself. Is it true?"
Asher stopped her from going any further. "Yes, but you really shouldn't see. It's not a pretty sight."
Evelina's eyes were red from crying. "I never expected this. Even if he deserved it, it's still a life lost."
Thank goodness her father had taken care of this problem. Too bad they couldn't get rid of Lemira just yet.
Lemira rolled her eyes. "Oh, the theatrics."
Caspian stepped forward and pushed Evelina towards the basement. "If you're so concerned, why not have a closer look?"
Evelina caught a glimpse of Zack's face and screamed, going limp with shock. Anyone would be scared stiff seeing a dead body like that.
Asher cradled Evelina in his arms and shot Caspian a glare. "That was too much."
"She wanted to show concern, right? Up close and personal seems fitting."
love
Evelina was a mess, pale and speechless, draped over Asher's shoulder. It was her first encounter with death, especially one
orchestrated by her father 
Meanwhile, Lemira had moved to

the living room. She hadn't expected Evelina's father to act so swiftly. She pulled out her phone and texted someone from the TG Group's PR Team Check the
around our neighborhood. That person must have shown up again." 
This was the perfect opportunity to trace it back to Evelina's father.
Asher looked at Lemira. "When the police
to stive, both you and Eve need
to stick to the story. Zack was
caught stealing, got scared, and you know?" 
Evelina nodded obediently.
But Lemira lifted her chin defiantly. "I'll tell the truth. Why should I swallow this
lie?"
She noticed Evelina's expression change, the "two-faced" girl clearly not wanting this to blow up any further.
###Chapter 522
Lemira fixed her gaze on Evelina. "Besides, I think Zack didn't commit suicide. He was murdered."
"That's impossible!" Evelina retorted immediately. "Zack was just feeling guilty and decided to end it himself. No one had a motive to kill him. We were all in our rooms last night; who would have done it?"
Asher looked at Lemira with disapproval. "If this blows up, it won't do either of your reputations any good."
"I couldn't care less," Lemira sneered, her eyes filled with malice and mockery. "I wasn't the one sleeping with Zack."
Evelina's anger flared. If the Langston family fortune hadn't been at stake, she might have gotten rid of Lemira last night.
Recalling her father's words, Evelina began to cry, "Asher, I can handle being wronged. But last night, Lemmy and I were in the same room. If word gets out, who would believe Lemmy wasn't involved?"
Caspian barked, "Evelina, shut up!"
Lemira pulled out her phone. "I've got video evidence. It's you who was with Zack."
Evelina gritted her teeth. "But people outside won't believe so-called evidence."
Asher rubbed his temples, feeling a headache coming on. "Lemira, what will it take for you to cooperate?"
"My demands are simple: give me what Mom and Dad left me and transfer your shares in the entertainment company to me."
That was the only way to s*** Asher of his control over the company.
Asher clenched his jaw. "Lemira, you're taking advantage of a crisis."
"Oh, you caught me," Lemira laughed. "Those are my only terms. Agree, and I'll cooperate with the police."
"Lemira, you're dreaming. I won't agree."
Lemira laughed, turning to Evelina. "See? To our dear Asher, profit is the most important thing."
Asher was momentarily silent.
Evelina, suddenly panicked, grabbed a fruit knife and pointed it at herself. "Asher, if people find out about this how can ever show my face in
Orvin again? My background ine
already mocked; I might as well be dead." 
UAS
Asher quickly snatched the knife away. "Eve, calm down."
"Asher, let me die. That way, I won't drag the Langston family down, or you."
Evelina cried dramatically, though inside she was terrified. If the police investigated and found something, she and her father would be finished.
She had to do something, even if it meant pretending to be suicidal.
Finally, Asher relented. "Fine, Lemira. I agree to your terms. But for Mom
10
and Dad's assets, you'll have to wait until Alaric's issues are fully resolved." 
"Alright, but you can transfer the company shares now, can't you?"
Asher's face was like stone. "I'll have my secretary draft the contract."
"No need for that," Caspian interjected, placing a transfer contract in front of Asher. "Just sign."
Asher's face turned ashen. He glared at Caspian. "Are you sure you want to sever ties with me? Without me, your company wouldn't have made it this far."
"Asher, I'll forge my own path from here."
Caspian wanted to take full control of the company.
With no other choice, Asher signed the document. "Fine. But from today, don't expect another dime from me for your company!"
Evelina whimpered, "Asher, I'm sorry. It's all my fault. If you weren't defending my
honor, you wouldn't have lost so much money."
"Eve, I'm supporting you because it's the right thing to do. You're a victim here, unlike some people who take advantage of the situation."
LatLe
Asher glared at Lemira. "Look at Eve, how gracious she is, thinking of the Langston family first and even choosing not to call the police!
wn?velhet
then look at you, constantly
pressuring your own favel
MS
###Chapter 523
Was Evelina really thinking about the bigger picture?
Lemira hurled a cup at Evelina, the liquid splashing onto her. "She's only thinking about herself."
Evelina clutched her hand, looking hurt and upset, clearly too afraid to retaliate.
Asher immediately defended Evelina. "Lemira, how dare you get physical? You're becoming more and more outrageous."
"Yeah, I am outrageous. What are you gonna do about it?" Lemira's eyes gleamed with defiance, her demeanor sharp and unyielding.
Asher stared at Lemira, finally conceding. If this situation escalated, regardless of Evelina's schemes or Lemira's retaliation, it wouldn't bode well for the Langston family.
Asher tossed a signed document at Caspian. "You all think you're so independent now. Let's see how far you get!"
Lemira responded coolly, "Don't worry, the company will go further than you think."
Honestly, the entertainment company had only survived thanks to Caspian's acting skills and those three brilliant scripts she wrote.
Asher was in a foul mood as he glanced at Evelina. "You know what to tell the police, right?"
"I know," Evelina whispered, sensing Asher's frustration. Lemira had clearly put him in a difficult position, but Evelina was disheartened too.
Everything should've been hers, but Lemira had snatched it away. If her father hadn't warned her last night, she would've already turned against the Langston family.
Lemira could've intervened, but she just stood by. Evelina ended up being implicated; everyone wanted to sweep it under the rug, and now Lemira was getting so much out of it!
Soon, the police arrived.
Evelina went pale, shrinking into the couch, worried about what might be uncovered.
Lemira suddenly sat across from Evelina, a sly smile on her face. "Why so nervous? Didn't you want to get to the bottom of this? Go on, talk to the police."
Evelina kept her mouth shut, fearing that provoking Lemira would lead to her spilling everything to the police.
In the end, the story went that Zack had stolen from the family, and his suicide was the consequence of being found out. The body was quickly taken away.
After seeing the police off, Asher finally relaxed and turned to Lemira in the living room. "Are you satisfied now?"
"Honestly, not really."
"Do you have to be so confrontational all the time?"
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "If someone makes me uncomfortable, I'll make sure they're twice as uncomfortable."
Asher was visibly frustrated, but he couldn't bring himself to be harsh
This gif was nothing like before; she was a force to be reckoned with. 
He stormed off, "I'm going to the office."
swnt
Evelina looked pitiful. "Asher, could you take me to the hospital?"
She didn't want to be alone at the Langston family estate. Without Asher's
support, she'd be at a disadvantage.
Asher led Evelina out of the hall.
Evelina, still teary-eyed, said, "Asher,
maybe I should just move out fora while. Staying here will only upset Lemia and cause fights with you all 
QUMS
"Eve, don't worry about Lemira. Just stay put."
Evelina bit her lip. She really wanted to move out this time. Lemira was a force to be reckoned with, and Evelina didn't want to suffer any more losses. 
"Asher, maybe I should move out temporarily and come back when Lemira's calmed down?"
"No need for all that trouble. But in the meantime, if you have to take a hit, take it. Don't provoke Lemira."
Evelina was fuming inside. Why should she have to take a hit?
Lemira had only just returned, yet everyone was siding with her. If Evelina didn't act soon, she'd definitely be thrown out.
Trying to change the subject, Evelina asked, "Asher, how's the Al project going? That foreign investor seemed promising."
"Still negotiating. Need to investigate their background," Asher replied.
###Chapter 524
"Asher, can I join you on this project? I'd love to learn more and maybe help take some of the workload off your shoulders."
Asher felt a wave of relief wash over him. "Sure thing. If only Lemira were as considerate as you, Eve."
Evelina's expression faltered, her eyes dropping to hide the darkening storm within. She vowed that one day she'd make sure Lemira was beneath her, literally groveling and licking her boots.
Once Asher and Evelina left, the room fell into a hushed calm. Caspian held the share transfer agreement, eyeing Lemira cautiously. "You haven't forgotten our little agreement, have you?"
Lemira met his gaze, steady and unwavering. "Don't worry. Once I get my inheritance from my parents, I'll hand over the shares Asher relinquished to you." After all, she needed her own security too.
"It's not that I don't trust you, Lemira; just making sure," Caspian sighed in relief, not handing over the agreement immediately. He needed his own assurances.
Lucian frowned slightly, chiming in. "Caspian, don't you trust Lemmy? We all see Evelina for who she really is now; we won't be fooled like before."
"It's not that I distrust Lemira," Caspian replied. "Keeping the contract with me means if Asher kicks up a fuss, I can handle it."
Lemira knew exactly what Caspian was thinking but chose not to call him out on it. Instead, she turned and headed upstairs.
Lucian looked at Caspian, disappointment etched on his face. "Do you really have to be so guarded with Lemmy too?"
"Lucian, I'm not as noble as you. Even close siblings should keep things transparent. Instead of questioning me, maybe think about how to talk some sense into Asher. I hear Evelina introduced the investors for that Al project. Something feels off."
How could Evelina possibly know such influential investors?
Lucian sighed. "You think I haven't tried? If Asher would listen, things wouldn't have gotten this bad with Lemmy."
"Then maybe don't intervene. Let the Al project crash and burn, and Asher will see Evelina for who she truly is. Like Lemira said, sometimes people only feel the sting when the boomerang hits them square in the back."
Caspian walked off, contract in hand.
Soon after, Lemira came back downstairs, having changed her clothes. She'd gotten a tip-off from TG Group about some leads.
Lucian was still in the hall. "Lemmy, where are you headed?"
"Got an errand to run."
"Want a ride?"
"No need, it's better if I go alone."
Lemira refused directly, not wanting the Langston family to catch wind of her true intentions for returning.
As she left the Langston estate, she spotted Orion's car parked along the street. He rolled down the window. "Hop in."
"What are you doing here?" Lemira asked, surprised as she got in, turning to face him. "You didn't stay out here all night, did you?"
Orion cleared his throat. "Of course not."
"But you're wearing the same clothes as last night. The tie's the same too, and you look exhausted. It's obvious you didn't rest well."
Lemira remembered exactly what Orion was wearing during their video call the previous evening. For someone with his level of tidiness, not changing clothes in this Summer heat was telling. en FindNovel
Orion sighed, a trace of resignation in his voice. "You caught me. After you mentioned being set up, I just couldn't leave it alone. I stayed close just in case something cam@up." 
Something stirred in Lemira, a warmth spreading through her chest as her eyes glistened with unshed tears Impulsively, she leaned in and kissed his cheek. 
Orion wrapped an arm around her shoulder, pulling her closer to deepen the kiss.
Just then, someone b*** loudly on the window. "What are you two doing? Stop it right now!"
###Chapter 525
Lemira jumped, startled, and turned to see Lucian standing outside the car window. She felt a bit awkward. What was he doing here? Orion's expression darkened, clearly annoyed at being interrupted. The Langstons were getting on his nerves more each day. Lucian stood in front of the car window, visibly upset. "Get out of the car, both of you!" Lemira wiped the corner of her mouth, feeling a bit tense, but seeing Lucian's expression calmed her down quickly. She rolled down the window and looked at Lucian with a cool demeanor. "What do you want?" Her tone was so indifferent, it was as if the person outside was a stranger.
Lucian was frustrated and shot a glance at Orion in the back seat. "Lemmy, why are you still hanging out with him?" Lemira countered, "And why shouldn't I be?" "He's not right for you. This guy's background is sketchy, his job is average, and he's obviously after your family's status." Lucian had always been suspicious of Orion. He was just a small-town school nurse before, and now he'd followed Lemira all the way to Orvin. It seemed like he was just clinging to her.
Lemira laughed dryly. "Whatever he is, I like him." "Lemmy, you're still young. We might have been harsh before, and that's why you let him in. But trust me, he's not a good guy."
"Enough. Whether he's good or not is none of your business," Lemira snapped. Lucian turned his warning to Orion. "I'm telling you, don't you dare lay a finger on Lemmy, or the Langston family will make sure you regret it."
Orion's voice was icy. "And what good has the Langston family ever done? Last night, she was almost in trouble. Is that what you call looking out for her? If that's your idea of care, no one in their right mind would want it."
Lucian was left speechless, his grip tightening on the car door. "What happened last night was an accident."
"Funny how the Langston family seems to have so many 'accidents.' Maybe one day the tables will turn. With me, Lemira will never face such 'accidents.""
With that, Orion started the car and drove off, leaving Lucian behind, calling out, "Lemmy, get out! I need to talk to you!"
But Lemira just rolled up the window, ignoring him completely. The car was suddenly much quieter. Lemira turned to Orion, "You're still as sharp-tongued as ever." "Normally, I don't lose my cool, but with them, I just can't help it." Lemira chuckled. Her phone rang, and without even looking, she knew who it was. She ignored the call. 
After driving in silence for a bit, Orion asked, "Where to?"
"To TG Group. They've found some leads."
Orion thought for a moment. "Let's head to the gym instead. The PR firm is too crowded and nosy." He was concerned about keeping his identity under wraps. Going to TG Group would risk exposure.
After a moment's hesitation, Lemira agreed. "Alright."
Investigating Evelina's father was sensitive. If the wrong people got wind of it, they'd go underground, making it hard to catch them. Relieved, Orion nodded as Lemira messaged the TG Group team to meet them at the gym. Once there, they headed to the boxing area. Lemira took out her red gloves. "I love these. Best gift ever." As Orion approached, her gaze instinctively fell on his lips, remembering the interrupted kiss from earlier. 
He leaned in close, bending down to her level. "I think I deserve a gift too."
"What do you want-" Her words were cut off as Orion pulled her into a kiss, wrapping his arms around her waist tenderly. Lemira looped her arms around his neck, responding with delight. Orion held her tight, his hands warm against her back as he kissed her senseless, leaving her breathless and trembling. Eventually, he pulled back, his voice husky. "They should be here by now." Those words brought Lemira back to reality. She had almost forgotten they were here to meet the PR team, not just to get lost in each other. 
###Chapter 526
She blushed and tried to wriggle out of his embrace, but he held her tight. His chin rested gently on her shoulder. "Just a little longer, okay?" he murmured.
"But everyone's already here. It's not exactly the best look," Lemira mumbled, feeling a bit embarrassed.
Orion still didn't release her. "They've been here for a while. A few more minutes won't hurt," he reassured her.
Lemira stayed put, her cheeks flushed, listening to the steady, strong rhythm of his heartbeat. The memory of their recent kiss had left her mind blank, unable to think of anything else. Eventually, Orion loosened his grip.
Lemira, still red-faced, said, "I-I'll go check outside."
Her retreat was almost like a hasty escape, and Orion chuckled softly as he watched her leave.
Stepping outside, Lemira took a deep breath and patted her cheeks, trying to regain her composure. It wasn't polite to keep people waiting too long.
Sure enough, she saw the PR team from TG Group jogging on the treadmills.
Debby spotted Lemira and came over. "I saw you two were busy, so we didn't want to interrupt. And we figured a little exercise wouldn't hurt," she said with a smile.
Lemira felt a bit guilty. "Sorry for keeping you waiting."
"No worries," Debby replied. "Arranging meetings at the gym is pretty smart- sneak in some exercise during work hours."
Debby's words helped put Lemira at ease. Honestly, who would dare interrupt when the heir to the Everhart fortune is having a moment with his girlfriend? Besides, with Orion involved, was there anything that couldn't be sorted out? Lemira led the PR team to the boxing area, where she saw Orion sitting with a bottle of sparkling water in hand.
He spoke up. "Let's hear it."
Debby reported, "Ms. Langston, we hacked into the Langston family's security system overnight. We did find someone sneaking into the mansion late at night. However, they seemed to know the system well, and we only caught a glimpse of their back."
"If they knew the security layout, Evelina must have tipped them off."
"That's our guess too. We're going through nearby cameras and have found a few suspicious vehicles. It's going to take some time to narrow it down."
Lemira knew it wouldn't be easy.
The fact that Evelina's father had resorted to such drastic measures meant her initial suspicions were correct.
Corner Evelina, and those lurking in the shadows would eventually show themselves.
Lemira nodded. "Having leads is a good start. It means we're on the right track."
Orion ruffled her hair. "There are no eternal secrets in this world. It's just a matter of time before we uncover the truth. You've done well."
"It's just unfortunate that Zack was killed and took the blame, so we still can't pin anything on Evelina."
Lemira had hoped to finally bring Evelina to justice.
She sounded slightly disappointed. "I suspect this isn't the first time Evelina's father has done something like this. Remember Evelina's partner-in-crime during the SATS? The one who supposedly hung himself? I suspect Evelina's father was behind that too." 
Evelina's father could casually commit murder, so it was likely he played a role in her parents' deaths. This wasn't just an accident!
Orion found it all very suspicious too. That driver was definitely a problem.
He spoke up, "Now that we've found some clues, we'll definitely get to the bottom of it. I promise."
Once he uncovered the truth about that car accident, maybe Lemira's resentment towards him would lessen.
Lemira nodded. "Tomorrow, Aurora Trust is hosting a charity sale. The 'two-faced' girl is sure to pull some tricks. This time, we'll catch her embezzling red-handed." 
After their workout session, Lemira and Orion grabbed a meal together.
Orion dropped her off at the Langston estate. "Call me if anything comes up. Don't
try to handle things alone. Leave the dirty work to me."
"I know."
Lemira was finding herself more and more fond of him.
After she got out of the car, she waved and walked into the Langston family mansion.
The lights were bright in the hall, and her brothers were all there, with the 'two- faced' girl sitting next to Asher.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "Everyone's here, huh? Having a meeting?"
Asher was the first to speak. "Lucian said you broke it off with that broke school doctor ages ago. So what's with you and that guy? Lemira, are
you really that desperate for a man?" 
###Chapter 527
Lemira's eyes turned icy the moment she heard those words. She couldn't stand anyone talking about Orion like that.
She glared at Lucian. "Let me make this clear one last time: Orion is the man I love."
"You're too young to even know what love is," Asher retorted, clearly frustrated that Lemira hadn't called it quits yet. "Now that you're in Orvin with the Langston family backing you, the man you marry will be someone from high society, not some broke school doctor!"
Lemira let out a derisive laugh. "Who I marry is none of your business."
"Of course it is! You're my sister, Lemira. If you tie the knot with a poor school doctor, what do you think that'll make me look like?"
Asher had already mapped out the futures of both his sisters. Since they were staying in Orvin, marrying into wealth was the plan. It would mean a good life for them and benefits for the Langston family.
Evelina chimed in timidly, "Lemmy, Asher's just thinking about your future. What's the point of marrying a pauper?"
Though truth be told, Evelina would love for Lemira to end up with someone penniless, she knew the more she pushed, the more defiant Lemira would become.
Lemira shot back, her words venomous, "What, like you with Dorian? Throwing yourself at him, only to be insulted and rejected by Mrs. Grace Draven?"
Evelina's face flushed with anger. "You're making that up! Dorian and I are just friends."
"Save it for the gullible. Dorian's been bragging to his buddies about how he had you, even claiming he took your virginity."
Asher's temper flared, and he slapped Evelina hard across the face. "Have you no self-respect?"
Evelina was stunned, her cheek stinging, unable to believe how quickly Asher turned on her.
Asher's face was dark with anger. "Well? Say something!"
Evelina stammered, "Asher, I—I was sweet-talked by Dorian."
"I told you from the start, dating is fine, but don't just jump into bed with someone. Did you even listen?"
Lemira egged things on, "Everyone knows you were chasing after Dorian, practically begging for it."
Evelina burst into tears. "Asher, I'll make things right with Dorian."
Lemira mocked her, "Mrs. Grace Draven's got two bodyguards sticking to Dorian like glue, making sure you can't get near him. The Draven family's made their position crystal clear." FindNovels
Asher looked at Evelina with disappointment. "How am I supposed to plan your future now?"
Evelina shot Lemira a glare. "At least I've tried to do something for the family. But Lemira, as Ms. Langston, you prefer to be with a nobody school doctor."
"Neither of you are giving me any
peace," Asher said, rubbing his
temples in frustration. "Eve, if Dorian's too high up the social
Letse
ladder find you someone e
from a partner family. You'll live
comfortably." 
FindNovels
Evelina was resentful. She had no desire to marry into a lesser family, but she didn't dare protest.
Turning to Lemira, Asher continued, "And you, break up with that nobody immediately."
"Orion's not a nobody, and besides, I have my own money. I don't need to marry up to improve my status. Unlike you, Asher, I'm not willing to sacrifice everything!"
Lemira was hinting at Asher's own situation as a live-in son-in-law with the Waverlies.
Asher's anger flared. "Lemira, say that again, I dare you."
"I said I'm not you. I won't sacrifice myself for an arranged marriage Being a live-in son-in-law must be tough, huh? You don't even dare to tell the family about it!" FindNovels
Her eyes were cold, and Asher realized she wasn't bluffing.
Asher's eyes reddened with rage. "Everything I've done is for this family, to make
sure you never go hungry or worry. Was I wrong?"
"The Langston family hasn't lacked for anything in ages. This is all about your ambition."
###Chapter 528
Lemira saw through Asher's intentions clearly; it was evident he was manipulative in his attempts to marry into the Waverlies for his own advantage.
After expressing her thoughts, Lemira went upstairs. Asher was left in the living room, seething with anger and feeling deeply embarrassed by Lemira's straightforward words. Evelina took the opportunity to speak, "Asher, don't be upset."
"Get out, it's you all who've been causing me trouble," Asher retorted sharply, storming off and dragging Evelina into his ire. Evelina was shocked at how easily Asher was provoked!
Caspian, with a hint of derision in his eyes, commented, "Asher's pride has always been his greatest weakness. Now that Lemira has exposed him, of course, he's lost face." Lucian nodded in agreement, aware of the engagement with the Waverlies but had kept quiet to protect Asher's ego. Evelina, covering her face with her hands, lamented, "Lucian, but Lemmy has been with that loser for some time. What if he's just using her?" Lucian's expression grew stern, determined to prevent that situation. Caspian, however, retorted to Evelina, "At least Lemira has money. You have nothing and still cling to Dorian. You know what that's called? A gold digger." With that, Caspian walked away.
Evelina was furious, looking to Lucian for support, but he said, "I think Caspian has a point. You should have some self-respect. The Draven family is beyond your reach." Evelina's eyes filled with tears, but Lucian, Caspian, and Alaric all left her alone. No one defended her, and no one cared. Evelina began to think her father was right. She had no blood ties to the Langston family; to them, the only sister was Lemira. Well then, she thought, don't blame me for being impolite. The next morning, Lemira got up early. But when she reached the living room, only Lucian was there. He looked at her and said, "They've already gone to the venue. I stayed back to go with you." Lemira nodded and went straight to the kitchen for breakfast. Lucian followed, hesitating before asking, "Is that guy really worth it?"
"At least back when you all treated me like that, he was the only one by my side, and he's not an opportunist."
Lucian hesitated, "Maybe we should meet him sometime."
"There's no need because your opinions don't matter to me." Lemira made it clear she didn't consider herself part of the Langstons, nor did she see them as her brothers. Seeing Lemira's expression, Ducian didn't dare say more. After
the charity event,
breakfast, Lemira headed straight to event, only to see Eveling, dressed in designer labels, flaunting her manicured nails, acting all high and mighty with the staff. FindNovels
Lemira approached the lavishly decorated venue, "Evelina, have you lost your
mind? I told you to change the venue!" "There wasn't enough time, and besides, I think it looks great."
Evelina said with a smug smile,
"Lemmy, you don't understand these
things, just leave it to me." Lemira yanked the fur coat off Evelina and tossedit to the ground. Evelina clutched her chest as if in physical pain, "What are you doing? This is expensive, real fur!" FindNovels
"This is a charity event, not a fashion show. You look like a wannabe influencer, and what does that say about our foundation?"
Lucian, overhearing, said sternly, "Evelina, change your clothes. The event goes by Lemmy's plan."
"But Lucian, I'm in charge of this event!"
Lucian glared at the staff, "Escort Evelina out, and follow Lemmy's lead. She's the one in charge of the foundation."
"Let's see who dares to kick her out."
II
Asher arrived with a group, glaring at Lemira know you can't stand Eve. "I
But aft
and want to push h?r
Langston family, but you're being too hasty. I'm not dead yet! FindNovels
###Chapter 529
Lemira heard these words and grabbed a beautifully ornate vase from the table, smashing it at Evelina's feet.
Evelina stood close to Asher. "Asher, do you see this? Lemira's never satisfied with my plans, and now she's throwing things."
"Lemira, we're just a few hours away from the event. Why are you causing a scene now?"
"Causing a scene? I'm trying to fix the mess Evelina left behind."
Lemira stepped forward, grabbing Asher by the tie. "Have you lost your mind? This is a charity bake sale, not a lavish gala or luxury exhibit. If people see this, they'll laugh at the Langston family!"
Asher then realized something was off.
Evelina quickly defended herself. "Asher, I didn't use anything too extravagant. The guests today are people of status. I thought we needed food, decor, and other things that stand out so no one disrespects the Langston family."
"Fool!"
Asher rubbed his temples, too angry for words.
Evelina flashed a smile at Lemira. "See, Asher is on my side."
"Evelina, what's wrong with you? You're being completely foolish!"
Asher snapped at Evelina, "Lemira's right. This is a charity bake sale, not a high- end event. Change everything back!"
Evelina's expression faltered, and she mumbled, "I was just thinking about the Langston family's reputation."
Lemira scoffed, "You're just thinking about your own vain reputation. You organized this event costing hundreds of thousands. Our sales won't even cover that. You're out of your mind!"
"Hundreds of thousands?"
Asher was even more shocked. He stared at Evelina, "Really?"
"No, no, not that much. Just about two hundred thousand. These things cost money!" Evelina stammered.
Asher wanted to lose his temper but held back, considering all the guests who were about to arrive.
Evelina was startled by Asher's reaction, unable to understand why spending a little money was such a big deal.
Lucian finally spoke up, "Asher, this is why I wanted Evelina out of the way. It's not Lemira's fault. Stop yelling at her without knowing the facts."
Lucian, usually mild-mannered, was now standing his ground.
Asher realized he was wrong and tried to justify himself, "Lemira's been getting harder to deal with. How is that my fault?"
Lemira, not wanting to waste more words, spoke coldly, "Change all the decorations. We can't be a laughingstock. Evelina should stay out of this."
"Why?"
Evelina immediately questioned Lemira.
"Enough, Evelina. You didn't do well
this time. Thank goodness Lemira caught it early. Otherwise, the Langston family would be embarrassed. Go change your outfit and let Lemira handle things." FindNovels
Despite her reluctance, Evelina had no choice but to comply.
Lemira looked at Asher, "If it weren't for the foundation being our parents' legacy wouldn't let Evelina tanish its name. Otherwise, I'd have nothing to do with this." FindNovels
With that, she turned to handle the situation.
Asher was fuming, venting his frustration at Lucian, "Does Lemira even consider me her brother?"
"Asher, honestly, you haven't treated her like a sister. No wonder Lemica acts this way," Lucian replied, feeling that Asher was too biased in favor of Evelina. One day, he might regret it, but by then, it could be too late.
FindNovels
Lemira worked tirelessly to change the setup in record time. If it weren't for her parents' legacy, she wouldn't have cleaned up the mess.
Once everything was set, the event began, and the guests started to arrive.
Evelina finally appeared in a simple white dress, begrudgingly. She muttered to Lemira, "This plain setup will only make people think the Langston family is cheap."
###Chapter 530
Lemira glanced at Evelina with a cold intensity. "You better get your act together. Do you really think Asher will tolerate your nonsense a second time?"
Evelina let out a derisive snort. "You're just jealous because Asher has been kind to me. That's why you're back at the Langston estate, trying to take what's mine."
"Yours?" Lemira's eyes darkened. "Everything you have was originally mine. I'm the rightful Ms. Langston. You only pick up what I leave behind."
Evelina was instantly infuriated. "We'll see who regrets it in the end."
"Bring it on," Lemira retorted, her voice low and icy. "I'm not the pushover I used to be. I'm going to reclaim what's rightfully mine and kick you out of the Langston estate!"
With that, Lemira turned on her heel and left, leaving Evelina seething. She knew Lemira's return meant trouble, a threat to her already precarious position in the family.
Meanwhile, Evelina spotted Mrs. Grace Draven at the charity event and quickly approached her, feigning delight. "Mrs. Grace, what a surprise to see you here."
Mrs. Grace Draven, dressed modestly but with a designer bag slung over her shoulder, responded with a cool detachment. "Please, call me Mrs. Grace Draven. We hardly know each other."
She wouldn't have attended if not for the Waverlies' influence.
Evelina, unperturbed, continued to hover around Mrs. Grace Draven, eager to impress.
Lemira spotted Mrs. Grace Draven too and was mildly surprised. It was likely the Waverlies' influence that brought her here. Instead of joining them, Lemira went to check on the food preparation.
She noticed a woman who seemed a bit unwell and hurried over. "Are you alright? Should I call a doctor?"
The woman waved her off. "I'm fine."
Upon closer inspection, Lemira realized she knew the woman, having seen her at the Everhart family's private hospital once before.
Mrs. Amanda recognized Lemira as well and gave a faint smile. "Oh, it's you. What are you doing here?"
She had been invited to the charity event, unaware it was connected to the family involved in the accident years ago. Mrs. Amanda had never forgotten Asher's face and recognized him when she saw him earlier. FindNovels
"I'm just helping out," Lemira replied, assisting Mrs. Amanda to a nearby seat and offering her a glass of lemon water.
Mrs. Amanda took a sip, feeling a bit better, and looked at Lemira curiously. "Are you working here part-time?"
Just then, Evelina strutted over, her high heels clicking sharply on the floor. "Lemira, what's the deal? You removed the luxury desserts! specially ordered, and now an important guest can't have them. How embarrassing!" FindNovels
"Who's asking for them?" Lemira inquired, frowning.
"Dorian's mother, of course. She's the most distinguished guest here today. Do
you want to upset her? Go get the desserts out immediately."
Lemira sighed. "You can go get them yourself. I'm attending to this guest right now; she's not feeling well."
Evelina scoffed. "Are you out of your mind, Lemira? Dorian's mother is the priority here. The others can just go to a hospital if they're sick. Why are you wasting time?"
Mrs. Amanda intervened, not wanting to cause Lemira any trouble. "Go on, attend to your duties."
She was appalled by Ms. Langston's arrogance, bullying a temporary worker like this.
Evelina shot Mrs. Amanda a
disdainful look and continued, "Lemira, Asher entrusted you with today's event if Mrs. Grace Draven is displeased, how will you explain to Asher?" FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda's complexion grew paler at those words. She clutched Lemira's hand in a sudden panic. "Are you part of the Langston family?"
Of course, this young woman was a Langston! What a shocking twist of fate!
###Chapter 531
Lemira noticed the flustered look of the lady in front of her. "Yes, I am indeed part of the Langston family."
Mrs. Amanda pressed on, "Is Asher your brother?"
Reluctantly, Lemira nodded. She didn't want to admit it, but with Evelina there, she had no choice.
Mrs. Amanda found herself in a mix of laughter and disbelief. The girl Orion fancied was actually the sole survivor of that infamous car accident all those years ago! What a twist of fate!
Lemira quickly steadied the lady. "Are you alright?"
Evelina, pouting nearby, chimed in, "Lemira, didn't I tell you to bring back the pastries we took away? I need to entertain Mrs. Grace Draven and I've got no
time to do it myself!"
Ignoring Evelina, Lemira helped the lady up. "Let me take you to the lounge to rest for a bit."
"Lemira, are you deaf? Mrs. Grace Draven is the guest of honor today!"
Lemira dismissed Evelina with a shove, sending her sprawling to the floor. Evelina scrambled up and rushed off to tattle to Asher. This time, Lemira was in real trouble. After all, Asher was keen on maintaining their connections with Mrs. Grace Draven.
Meanwhile, Lemira guided Mrs. Amanda to the lounge. She quickly poured her a cup of hot tea. "Are you sure you don't need to go to the hospital?"
"No, really, it's just a bit of low blood sugar," Mrs. Amanda fibbed. Her mind was still reeling, unable to find calm after the shock of encountering the family involved in that old accident. Even more astonishing was that Orion's crush was the daughter of that family!
Lemira brought over some cookies, placing them on the table. "Maybe a little snack will help."
Mrs. Amanda's eyes glistened with emotion. "Thank you, dear. What a twist of fate, indeed." She hadn't planned to attend, but with Mrs. Grace Draven coming, she had a convenient excuse to drop by. Little did she know, the Waverlies' prospective son-in-law was tied to that fateful accident.
Lemira offered a gentle smile. "Today's charity bake sale was a bit hastily arranged. I hope you'll overlook any shortcomings."
"Did you organize today's event?"
"Not entirely. I just stepped in to make some final tweaks. It's my parents' charity foundation, after all. I can't have people laughing at it."
Mrs. Amanda's hand trembled slightly. "So your parents founded this? I hadn't heard of it before."
"My parents were from Lyria. They loved philanthropy. But they passed away in a car accident years ago, and the foundation was left dormant until recently."
The mention of the accident made Mrs. Amanda feel a heavy weight in her chest.
Finally, she spoke, "After losing your parents, how have you been? I heard your brother's been good to his only sister, even sending you to Orvin. University's Business School." FindNovels
Lemira gave a wry smile. "The one sent to Business School wasn't me. It was our
adopted sister, the daughter of the driver from the accident. You've met her."
"How could that be?"
Mrs. Amanda suddenly remembered
the last time she'd seen Lemira at
the hospital: Oh right, the rumors
about Lemira. The last time, she was hospitalized because her brother bad of her. It was quite the scandal kit At the time, Mrs. Amanda thought the family dynamics were
complicated, but she never imagined it was this tangled. 
to FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda felt a pang of sympathy. "So these past years haven't been easy for you?"
"That's all in the past now."
Just as Lemira finished speaking, she heard voices outside. Asher must have arrived.
She stood up. "You rest. I should get back."
As Lemira exited the lounge, she caught sight of Asher and Evelina approaching.
Evelina wasted no time. "Asher, see? Lemira's been slacking off. I asked her to bring Mrs. Grace Draven her favorite pastries, but she refused. Now Mrs Grace Draven is upset, thinking this whole event looks like a bunch of beggars asking for money." FindNovels
###Chapter 532
Asher's expression was tense. "Lemira, we absolutely cannot afford to upset Mrs. Grace Draven."
"I understand, but someone's health was at stake, and that's important too. I asked Evelina to handle the dessert delivery herself."
"Lemmy, you told me to stay out of this event. Besides, no one listens to me anyway." Evelina chimed in, her voice dripping with exaggerated concern. "Asher, I was just thinking of the family's reputation. But Lemira, she's putting a nobody ahead of Mrs. Draven. It's like trading a gourmet meal for fast food."
Asher frowned, turning to Lemira. "You made the wrong call this time, Lemira. Eve's right; Mrs. Grace Draven is not someone we can afford to offend. Go deliver those desserts immediately."
"Okay," Lemira replied, not wanting to escalate things further. After all, the Aurora Trust was a legacy her parents had built.
Lemira turned on her heel and left, with Evelina smirking triumphantly behind her. Evelina relished the thought of Lemira having to navigate this situation.
Asher paused for a moment. "Who's in the lounge?"
Evelina dismissed it with a wave. "It doesn't matter, Asher. There's nothing significant going on. Let's get back out there; Mrs. Grace Draven is waiting."
She pulled Asher away, dismissing the woman in the lounge as inconsequential compared to Mrs. Draven.
Inside the lounge, Mrs. Amanda stood by the door, having overheard the conversation outside. She could tell from the Langstons' tone that Lemira wasn't being treated fairly.
Mrs. Amanda was shocked to realize Lemira was the girl from all those years ago.
Unable to contain herself, she called her son, Orion, who picked up quickly. "Son, I have to ask you something. Do you know who Lemira is?"
Orion fell silent at the question.
After a moment, he replied quietly, "She's the girl I care about."
Mrs. Amanda was taken aback. "Don't lie to me. You know the truth, don't you?" Orion's voice was steady. "It doesn't matter."
"How can you say that? Of all people, why her? You two can't be together unless she turns her back on her family!"
Mrs. Amanda felt sure Lemira was unaware of the full story, and knowing Orion, he hadn't told her the truth.
Her voice quivered, "Lemira is a good girl. You're going to hurt her."
"I'll protect her," Orion insisted.
"You can't. You don't understand how a girl's mind works."
After hanging up, Mrs. Amanda covered her face with her hands, overcome with emotion. Everything in her life had gone smoothly, even her stepson was exemplary. But she had made one grave mistake, and now the consequences were coming home to roost. FindNovels
Thinking of how Lemira had been so unfairly treated growing up, even hospitalized by her brother, made Mrs. Amanda's heart ache.
Life, she thought, has a cruel sense of humor.
Outside, the charity auction was about to begin.
Lemira went around distributing desserts to everyone. But when she reached Mrs. Grace Draven, the
woman sneered, "You dare serve
this to your guests?" FindNovels
Evelina leaned in, whispering sharply, "Lemira, I told you to serve Mrs. Grace
Draven separately. Why did you give everyone the same thing?"
Mrs. Grace Draven wasn't in the same social league as the rest.
Lemira remained composed. "I thought everyone should have a taste."
Serving Mrs. Draven separately would only highlight the Langston family's elitism.
"Keep your cheap snacks to
yourself!" Mrs. Draven exclaimed
tossing the dessert at Lemira before rising to leave. "This is pointless. If it werent for the Waverlies, wouldn't have bothered showing up! FindNovels
?
Asher rushed to placate her, turning back to Lemira with a command. "What are you standing there for? Apologize to Mrs. Grace Draven!"
###Chapter 533
Lemira really didn't want to apologize. But with Mrs. Grace Draven causing such a scene, the charity bake sale was doomed, and it would surely become the talk of the town. Asher was watching her intently. Evelina chimed in with a smug look, "Lemira, it's obviously your fault for not planning this event properly. Just apologize to Mrs. Grace Draven. She's not the type to hold grudges." If Lemira offended Mrs. Grace Draven, how would she ever win her favor again? Lemira, you fool, stop pretending to be so high and mighty!
Finally, Lemira approached Mrs. Grace Draven. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Grace Draven. I didn't think this through. If you're unhappy with the pastries, I can prepare a special batch just for you."
"A special batch? What am I, royalty or something?" Mrs. Grace Draven looked at her with disdain, clearly unimpressed by the Langstons' desperate attempts to climb the social ladder. Evelina quickly added, "Mrs. Grace Draven, what would make you happy? Lemira is willing to do anything."
"Oh, really?" Mrs. Grace Draven glanced at the dessert that had fallen to the ground and then back at Lemira. "Didn't you say these pastries are delicious? Go on, pick it up and eat it, and I'll forget you insulted me."
Lemira looked at the dust-covered pastry. It was a deliberate challenge. Asher frowned. "Mrs. Grace Draven, isn't that a bit much?"
Lucian stepped forward, shielding Lemira. “Mrs. Grace Draven, Lemmy is young and made a mistake. If word gets out about this, what will people think of you?"
Mrs. Grace Draven's expression darkened. "Is this how the Langston family apologizes? Then there's nothing more to discuss."
"Asher, say something!" Evelina picked up the pastry and placed it on a plate, bringing it to Lemira. "The middle looks clean. Just take a bite. Mrs. Grace Draven won't mind, right?"
Mrs. Grace Draven smirked, "Right, I'm not that petty." She was curious to see how far the Langston family would go to win the Draven family's favor.
Lucian glared at Evelina. "Are you out of your mind? Get that away!" Forcing Lemira to eat off the floor was crossing a line.
“Lucian, I'm just trying to help the Langston family. Asher, don't you agree?" Evelina was fuming inside. If she had organized the event, she wouldn't have offended Mrs. Grace Draven.
Asher hesitated, glancing at the dessert. "Lemira, you made this mess, you fix it." He figured it was about time Lemira learned her lesson in Orvin, you couldn't just offend anyone, especially not the Sinclairs or the Dravens. FindNovels
Lucian's face turned stern. "Asher, have you lost your mind too?" How could they make Lemira eat something off the ground? What did that say about the Langston family's dignity?
Evelina took a spoonful and held it out to Lemira. "This part's clean. Go ahead.” Finally, Lemira would get a taste of her own medicine.
"Is this the kind of behavior we expect from the Langston family?" Mrs. Amanda had just arrived, witnessing the whole scene, and she had thought
was furious. Amanda would stand
the Langston brothers
by Lemira, but only one did, while the
other just stood by. So the rumors
were true. FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda stormed over,
grabbing the pastry and smushing it into Evelina's face. "Since you're so fond of it, why don't you eat it yourself?" The room fell silent in shock Lemira couldn't believe this kind lady had stood up for her! Evelina was even more stunned, shrieking at Mrs. Amanda, "How dare you touch me! Do you even know who I am?" FindNovels
###Chapter 534
Evelina was absolutely fuming as she turned to Asher, tears welling up in her eyes. "Asher, did you see what happened? I told you Lemira knew that old lady and even encouraged her to lay a hand on me!"
Asher's expression soured the moment he laid eyes on Mrs. Amanda. He hadn't anticipated that the person who had just gone to the lounge was none other than Mrs. Amanda. Without a second thought, he slapped Evelina across the face. "What nonsense are you spouting? Apologize immediately!"
"Asher, that old lady attacked me! Why should I apologize?" Evelina replied, her voice trembling with indignation.
Asher was so exasperated he could hardly think straight. He seized Evelina's wrist and snapped, "I said apologize. Now!"
Evelina was taken aback by Asher's sternness. "Asher, why are you being so harsh?" After all, she thought, it's just an old woman. How important could she be?
Just then, Mrs. Grace Draven walked over, affectionately linking arms with Mrs. Amanda. "Mrs. Amanda, I hadn't seen you anywhere and thought maybe this charity auction was beneath you, so you left."
Mrs. Amanda's voice dripped with sarcasm. "Oh, I just felt a bit unwell, so I took a moment in the lounge. The Langston family's apology, though, is more than I deserve."
Asher's face blushed with embarrassment as he quickly explained, "Mrs. Amanda, I apologize. We didn't know you'd be here today. Please forgive our shortcomings in hospitality."
Mrs. Amanda?
Evelina's mind went blank, her lips quivering. "Asher, are you saying she's the matriarch of the Everhart family?"
Asher shot a sharp look at Evelina. "Exactly. Do you realize the mess you've caused?"
Evelina almost lost her balance hearing Asher's confirmation. Nobody told her Mrs. Amanda would be here today. What was she going to do now?
Asher hurriedly tried to smooth things over. "Mrs. Amanda, my sister here is a bit naive and too outspoken. Please don't take it to heart."
"Your sister? I thought the Langston family only had one sister. When did another one come into the picture?" Mrs. Amanda's words were laced with irony.
Asher hesitated before responding, "Eve is my sister, but she's adopted."
"An adopted sister acting so high and mighty, anyone would think she's the biological one while Lemira's the adopted one."
Lemira had heard such comments before, and it still stung hearing it now. Mrs. Amanda's stance was clearly in favor of Lemira.
Evelina panicked, quickly trying to
explain, "Mrs. Amanda, I didn't know who you were earlier. I'm sorry if I offended you, but Lemira did make a mistake, and we weren't bulking her or purpose." FindNovels
"Forcing Lemira to eat food picked off the floor isn't bullying? Interesting!" Mrs. Amanda picked up a cupcake from the table and tossed it to the ground "Why don't you pick it up and eat it now," she challenged Evelina. 
FindNovels
Evelina's face drained of color. How could she eat something off the floor? Desperately, she looked to Asher for help.
Asher mumbled, "Mrs. Amanda, isn't this going a bit too far?"
"Oh, you think it's too far? Where was that concern when Lemira was the one being humiliated? Some brother you are."
Mrs. Amanda was so furious she could hardly breathe. Seeing Lemira being mistreated in person was far more infuriating than any rumor she'd heard.
Asher was at a loss for words. "I only meant to teach Lemira a lesson, nothing more."
Who could have guessed that the person Lemira had been looking after was Mrs. Amanda herself? Now Asher regretted not having visited the lounge earlier; it would have prevented this entire fiasco.
"Well, now I intend to teach your adopted sister a lesson!" Mrs. Amanda huffed, casting a glance at the cupcake on the floor. "If she won't eat it, maybe the Langston family should think twice about their actions!" FindNovels
###Chapter 535
Mrs. Amanda's words carried significant weight, and her intent was crystal clear. Asher's face turned ashen. The Langston family couldn't afford to offend the Draven family, let alone the Everhart family. Everyone present watched the scene unfold, too afraid to utter a word. After all, no one wanted to cross the Everhart family.
Evelina was on the verge of tears, choking out, "Asher, I had no idea this was Mrs. Amanda. Lemira could have warned me, but she didn't say a thing." If only Lemira had given her a heads-up, she wouldn't have offended Mrs. Amanda.
Asher turned to Lemira, demanding, "Why didn't you say anything?" This mess could have been avoided!
Lemira let out a sarcastic laugh, "And you're questioning me?" She had just realized that this sophisticated lady was Mrs. Amanda, Matthew's mother. The Langston family hadn't changed at all.
Mrs. Amanda stepped in front of Lemira, addressing Asher icily, "Why are you yelling at her? She didn't even know who I was, and she did nothing wrong!" Lemira looked at Mrs. Amanda standing protectively in front of her, feeling a wave of gratitude.
Mrs. Amanda then turned to Lemira, her tone softening considerably, "Earlier, when I wasn't feeling well, it was Lemira who helped me to the lounge. Meanwhile, your so-called adopted sister was busy obstructing her. Such poor manners!"
Asher's face shifted through shades of embarrassment, unable to muster a response. Evelina dared not speak either, mumbling, "I just wanted to quickly bring some food to Mrs. Grace Draven."
"Don't drag me into this. I never asked you to do any of that," Mrs. Grace Draven quickly interjected, addressing Mrs. Amanda politely. "I was merely testing the Langstons' attitude. It seems the rumors are true-they favor the adopted sister over the biological one."
Asher hurried to clarify, "Mrs. Grace Draven, we don't—"
"The incident that was all over the internet, wasn't that your doing, Langstons?" Mrs. Grace Draven's voice dripped with sarcasm. "Everyone saw how you defended a sister with no blood relation, who, I've heard, is just a driver's daughter. You'd think she was royalty."
Asher's expression hardened, "My parents died in a car accident. Eve's father saved them but died in the explosion. That's why we took her in."
Mrs. Amanda, hearing this, felt even more sympathy for Lemira. If this was their preferential treatment now, she couldn't imagine what Lemira endured as a child.
Evelina put on a pitiful face and said
to Mrs. Amanda, "I've been an
orphan since childhood. Lemmy has always disliked me, thinking 16
everything from her, but I never wanted that." FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda slapped her without warning. Evelina was stunned, unable to process what just happened.
Mrs. Amanda glared, "Don't play the victim with me. I'm not buying it! If the Langston family wants to repay a debt, there are plenty of ways ve never seen 'abuse your own sister' on that list." Were the Langstons out of their minds? FindNovels
Evelina glanced at Asher, hoping for some support, but he stood silent, pretending not to notice her getting slapped.
Mrs. Amanda turned to Lemira, "You've been through enough today. How do you want to handle this?"
Lemira was a bit surprised by Mrs.
Amanda's kindness. After a
moment's thought,
leave it
charity event
now The Said, "Let's
has already started." They had
already lost quite a bit of time due to
the incident. FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda nodded, remembering, "Oh right, I almost forgot. Let's focus on the event now and deal with this later."
Lemira exhaled in relief. Everyone took their seats as if nothing had happened. Mrs. Amanda gave Lemira a reassuring nod, "Go ahead and do your thing." Lemira quietly moved aside.
Asher approached with Evelina, whispering, "Thanks for earlier. You handled it well." Lemira's face remained impassive, offering no reply.
###Chapter 536
Asher was about to say more, but Lucian interrupted him. "Asher, I think it's best if you keep quiet for now. Didn't you say Evelina was innocent? Then maybe you should focus on how you'll explain this to Mrs. Amanda."
Evelina, feeling wronged, tried to defend herself, "But I didn't know she was Mrs. Amanda!"
"Even if she wasn't Mrs. Amanda, just an ordinary guest, she's still someone we invited. How could you call her an old lady and be so disrespectful? No wonder Mrs. Grace Draven says the Langston family lacks manners!"
Lucian had seen everything clearly and knew exactly what had happened.
Evelina was being criticized so harshly that she couldn't even argue back, so she just looked at Asher. "Asher, I didn't mean it."
"Eve, how could you treat our guests with such bias? No wonder Mrs. Grace Draven doesn't think highly of you. You grew up with the Langston family; look at how Lemira handled things today."
Asher was still shaken. "Thank goodness Lemira escorted Mrs. Amanda to rest; otherwise, you could've embarrassed the whole Langston family! How could you be so thoughtless?"
Evelina was in tears, unable to refute Asher's words.
Turning to Lemira, Asher's tone softened significantly. "I'm leaving the rest of the event to you. Please make sure everything is sorted with Mrs. Amanda, or the Aurora Trust might not get another chance."
"Now you're worried?"
Lemira raised an eyebrow, her gaze sarcastic. "Weren't you the one who trusted Evelina? You let her handle things, not me."
Asher's face darkened. "What's the point of saying that now? Do you want to see the Aurora Trust, which our parents founded, fail?"
"Yeah, Lemmy, let's put aside our differences and deal with the situation at hand."
Lucian stepped in to mediate. "As for Evelina, I'm sure Asher will address her actions after today."
Asher immediately nodded. "I'll make sure you have an answer once the event is over."
Lemira glanced at Evelina, realizing it was a perfect opportunity.
She smiled coldly. "I have one condition: she has to leave the Langston family."
Evelina agreed without hesitation. "Fine, I'll move out."
Life had become increasingly difficult since Lemira returned to the Langston family; she might as well live freely on her own.
"But Evelina can't take a single penny from the Langston family. She leaves empty-handed."
Lemira's words made Evelina's face change. "Why should I?"
Without anything, how was she supposed to survive?
Lucian mocked her. "Evelina, have
you forgotten where you came.
from? The tough life you had 
joining the Langston family
FindNovels
Evelina hadn't forgotten; that's why she was desperate to replace Lemira, to avoid returning to that kind of life.
"Alright, let's discuss all this after the event."
Asher looked at Lemira. "If you want today's event to fail, go ahead."
He was confident Lemira wouldn't do that.
Despite her temper, Lemira was always dutiful to their parents.
Lemira didn't respond, but she already had a plan in mind.
After the charity auction ended, Mrs. Amanda turned out to be the most generous donor.
Lemira noticed that the event had
raised over a million dollars, with et
Mrs Amanda Contributing eight hundred thousand. FindNovels
The other attendees, perhaps inspired by Mrs. Amanda's
theosity diso donated more th
had initially planned.
belongs to FindNovels.net>
After the event, there was a photo opportunity with everyone eager to stand next
to Mrs. Amanda.
But Mrs. Amanda waved Lemira over. "You, come stand by me."
Evelina glanced over, bold enough to stand next to Mrs. Grace Draven.
Mrs. Grace Draven frowned. "Don't stand next to me; I don't want to be near someone without manners."
Evelina was fuming with anger.
Why did Lemira get to stand next to Mrs. Amanda?
###Chapter 537
Lemira watched as Mrs. Grace Draven pushed Evelina aside, a glint of mockery in her eyes. Did that "two-faced" girl really think playing the pity card would work on these high-society ladies?
Asher turned to Evelina and said, "Hey, come over here and help us take some photos." Having upset Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Grace Draven earlier, Evelina figured it was best to keep her distance and avoid further trouble.
Seeing Asher not standing up for her, Evelina's resentment towards the Langston family grew. Of course, she wasn't their biological daughter, so they felt they could treat her however they pleased. If it were Lemira, things would surely be different.
Evelina clenched the camera in her hand tightly, watching Asher walk over to stand beside Lemira. It was clear he was siding with that viper, Lemira. Today was supposed to be her event, her time to shine, but Lemira had stolen the spotlight.
"Evelina, you'd better be smart about this. If you offend the Everhart family and drag us down, Asher might just kick you out," Lucian warned, his words carrying a hint of threat.
Swallowing her anger, Evelina went over to take the photos. Once the group picture was taken, the event wrapped up. Mrs. Amanda was still surrounded by a crowd, all eager to curry favor with her.
Noticing Mrs. Amanda's reluctance to deal with so many people, Lemira approached her, saying, "Mrs. Amanda, why don't I take you to the lounge for a little break?"
"That sounds lovely," Mrs. Amanda replied, grateful for the rescue.
Lemira led Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Grace Draven to the lounge, having thoughtfully arranged for Mrs. Grace Draven's favorite brand of pastries to be placed on the table. The Langston family followed them inside.
Mrs. Grace Draven took a bite of the pastry and commented, "The Langston family's true lady, Lemira, certainly knows her manners, unlike some who were merely adopted and lack any sense of decorum."
Evelina, standing beside Asher, felt her face flush with embarrassment. Asher quickly said, "I apologize on Eve's behalf for her oversight earlier. We hope she can apologize to both of you properly."
Evelina stepped forward, eager to make amends and restore her image. Mrs. Amanda's tone was frosty, "You should apologize to Lemira, not us. Surely you remember how you treated her earlier?"
Instinctively, Evelina glanced at Mrs. Grace Draven, knowing she hadn't been alone in slighting Lemira. Mrs. Grace Draven hurried to clarify, "I was merely testing the Langston family, not intentionally making things difficult for Ms. Lemira. Who would have thought the Langstons would actually push Lemira to such an extent? I've never seen a family like it." FindNovels
Realizing Mrs. Amanda was firmly in Lemira's corner, Mrs. Grace Draven quickly distanced herself from the situation. When Evelina tried to defend herself, Asher stopped her.
"Eve," Asher said, "Mrs. Grace Draven is right. You shouldn't have acted like that. You owe Lemira an apology." Asher could see Mrs. Amanda was keen on defending Lemira, and he couldn't afford to offend her.
Evelina, however, was reluctant. Mrs. Amanda threw the pastries on the floor, "Same as before, pick them up and eat, and this will be settled."
Evelina's eyes welled with tears of anger, "But it's not entirely my fault." Why was she being singled out?
Mrs. Grace Draven chuckled coldly, "Oh, my. Don't tell me the Waverlies aren't aware of the Langstons' behavior. It's quite embarrassing to be associated with such conduct."
Mrs. Amanda added, "I'm beginning to wonder about the Waverlies' choice of son- in-law. Where is Mrs. Waverly anyway? Could it be she's too embarrassed to show up after what happened?"
Asher's expression darkened;
indeed, Mrs. Waverly hadn't arrived. He approached Evelina, speaking softly, "Eve, I know you've always been obedient and sensible Just do as you're told this time, and Ul make it up to you." 
FindNovels
Whatever happened, he couldn't afford to have the Waverlies develop a bad opinion of the Langston family. Noticing Asher's serious demeanor, Evelina eventually bent down, picked up the pastry from the floor, and with trembling hands, took a small bite before immédiately spitting it out. FindNovels
###Chapter 538
It felt like swallowing poison.
Evelina glanced at Lemira, her voice thick with tears, "Is it enough now?"
Lemira gave a cold chuckle as she looked at the "two-faced" girl, "I hope you won't do something like this again, or karma will come back to bite you."
This was what you'd call hoisting your own petard.
Earlier, right in front of everyone, Evelina had deliberately picked something up off the ground and forced it on Lemira.
Now the boomerang had swung back.
Mrs. Amanda watched Lemira, her tone gentle, "As long as you're alright, that's all that matters. The last time we met, I could tell you were a good kid."
Asher was taken aback and asked, "Lemira, have you met Mrs. Amanda before?"
Otherwise, why would Mrs. Amanda be so protective of Lemira over just this incident?
Lemira looked over, "Last time, when I was in the hospital after Caspian's incident, I met Mrs. Amanda there."
"Yes, and Lemira helped me out at the hospital too."
Mrs. Amanda turned to Asher, "I hope you'll be fair with everyone. I really get along with Lemira, and if I hear she's being mistreated in the Langston family, I'll definitely step in."
Lemira was surprised by how much Mrs. Amanda stood up for her.
Asher was even more surprised, but he quickly replied politely, "Rest assured, Mrs. Amanda, Lemira is my only sister, and I'll make sure she's treated well. Everything before was just a misunderstanding; we've all made peace, right, Lemira?"
Lemira nodded towards Mrs. Amanda, "Thank you for coming to today's event. I'll remember your kindness."
Mrs. Amanda patted Lemira's hand, "We'll head out for today. Let's plan an afternoon tea together soon. Let's exchange contacts."
Feeling a bit overwhelmed, Lemira pulled out her phone and exchanged contact info with Mrs. Amanda.
Only then did Mrs. Amanda leave.
Mrs. Grace Draven gave Lemira an incredulous look, wondering if Mrs. Amanda wasn't being overly kind to this girl. Something about it felt off, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it.
After the two ladies left, a figure peeked out, immediately dialing Orion's number, "Bro, Mom's gone."
"I saw."
Orion had just arrived, having only heard from Matthew that Mrs. Amanda was attending a charity event.
Which happened to be the event Lemira mentioned today.
Orion had rushed over, but now he hesitated to approach Lemira.
He wasn't sure if Mrs. Amanda had revealed the truth to Lemira.
Pausing for a moment, Orion asked, "Was she bullied?"

"Yeah, Dorian's mom was really out of line, made sis-in-law pick up snacks from the floor to eat. I was about to step in, but Mom beat me to it." 
FindNovels
Matthew recounted the events, with a shrug, "Mom's got that fighting spirit; I didn't
even get a chance to step in."
Orion frowned, surprised at Mrs. Amanda's defense of Lemira.
"Bro, Mom's probably already charmed by her personality. You two can be together openly now."
"Shut up!"
Orion knew it wasn't that simple. After some hesitation, he headed to the lounge.
Some things just needed to be cleared up.
Inside the lounge, it was unusually quiet.
After the two ladies left, Evelina had rushed to the lounge to vomit and rinse her mouth.
Red-eyed, Evelina emerged, "Asher, what happened just now was clearly Mrs. Grace Draven's doing, nothing to do with me."
She was nearly fuming.
"Eve, Asher knows you've been wronged. What do you want as compensation?"
Asher knew the real deal, but he couldn't possibly have Mrs. Grace Draven take the fall, so Evelina had to bear the brunt.
"Asher,
Evelina's eyes darted aroun
I organized this event, so can I handle the allocation of the donations, le like to make a good impression on Mrs. Grace Draven." FindNovels
Her pride might have taken a hit, but she wasn't about to lose the chance at handling ?ver a hundred thousand dollars in donations! FindNovels.net>
Lucian immediately ed, "No way! That's not right.”
"Why not? I think it's fine."
Asher turned to Lemira, "Eve took the fall for you; you should let her have this."
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile, "Get lost!"
###Chapter 539
Asher was fuming. "What's your attitude about this?"
Lemira, catching the edge in Asher's voice, retorted, "And what exactly did she endure on my behalf?"
"You were the one who offended Mrs. Grace Draven earlier. Just because Mrs. Amanda has your back, don't think you can deny what happened."
"You think I'm like Evelina, abandoning a sick Mrs. Amanda to cozy up to Mrs. Grace Draven, don't you?" Lemira's voice was sharp as a knife. "If that's the case, you've just made enemies with the Everhart family. How do you plan to keep your place in Orvin?"
Lucian chimed in, standing by Lemira. "Lemmy's right. We owe her today.
Evelina's just a walking disaster, causing trouble wherever she goes. She got what she deserved!"
Asher glanced at Evelina, her face full of indignation, and spoke coolly, "This is how it's going to be."
"I said no!" Lemira remained firm.
Asher stared her down. "It's not up to you to agree or not. The foundation hasn't been transferred to you yet. Just this once, Eve will handle it. After that, you call the shots, alright?"
Evelina's lips curled into a sly smirk. She wasn't about to let go of such an opportunity.
Lucian sided with Lemira. "Asher, isn't this favoritism?"
"You all call it favoritism, but I'm just being fair! The foundation's still my responsibility!"
Asher couldn't stand Lemira's boldness and wanted to curb her defiance.
The door to the lounge swung open. Orion walked in, his face a mask of calm, having overheard the heated exchange. He went straight to Lemira, taking her hand with a steady grip. Lemira was taken aback by his sudden appearance.
Orion turned to Asher, his gaze unwavering. "Your version of fairness means Lemira has to back down and lose out. Seems like your hand's a little off balance, favoring one side. Just as expected from the Waverlies' son-in-law!"
Lemira was stunned, the words leaving a sharp sting in their wake. Asher's face turned a furious shade at the mention of son-in-law, a sore spot he fiercely protected. "Say that again if you dare!" FindNovels
His whole life, he had prided himself on his strength, especially in front of family, maintaining his patriarchal demeanor. The mention of being a son-in-law was a deeply buried secret, now dragged into the light by this audacious outsider, leaving him feeling utterly humiliated FindNovels
Lemira stepped protectively in front of Orion. "Tomorrow, I'll draft the papers to transfer the foundation to my name."
"In your dreams."
"If you don't cooperate, that video of Evelina and Zack's, well, encounter will hit the internet." Lemira's words were laced with venom, pinning Asher and Evelina in a vice grip.
Asher snapped back to reality, stifling his rage. "Fine, but Eve will still handle the subsequent charity events."
Lemira responded icily, "I'll be keeping a close eye, just to ensure no funny business occurs and no sudden influx of cash appears in personal accounts."
"I won't, I promise. You can check my accounts anytime," Evelina skot back, a hint of panic in her voice But she knew she Could always funnel
the money to her father, keeping Lemira none the wiser.
belongs to FindNovels
With her goal achieved, Lemira dropped the topic. The bait was set; now, she just had to wait for the big fish to bite. She glanced at Orion. "Let's go."
"Hold it. Who said you could leave? Since he's here, let's get everything out in the open."
Asher glared at Orion, disdain evident. "I won't waste my breath. You're not good enough for my sister, and you're not getting any resources or benefits from her."
"Asher, stay out of my life!" Lemira defended Orion fiercely, unwilling to let Asher belittle him.
Orion remained unfazed, squeezing Lemira's hand reassuringly. Asher clearly hadn't realized who he was dealing with.
Orion met Asher's gaze. "Do you think everyone is like you, looking to climb the social ladder through women?"
###Chapter 540
Asher's face flushed with anger, turning a shade of crimson as intense emotions surged within him. For a moment, he was at a complete loss for words.
Lemira paid him no mind and instead walked out of the lounge with Orion by her side.
Lucian considered following them, but with Asher having fainted from anger, he had no choice but to stay behind and care for him.
Outside, Lemira glanced over the lively charity event. "What brings you here?" she asked Orion.
"I was concerned, so I decided to come and see how things were going," he answered, carefully examining her expression. Despite her usual composed demeanor, he couldn't shake off a sense of unease.
He couldn't resist inquiring, "What's your plan regarding the foundation?"
Lemira gave a light shrug, a mischievous smile tugging at her lips. "I was acting. The more I pretend to be reluctant, the more Evelina will trust my words."
She secretly hoped Evelina would make a move on the funds raised today.
Orion had suspected as much, though he had been too distracted by other concerns to fully realize it earlier.
"Today, two prominent society ladies attended, Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Grace Draven. Likely here out of respect for the Waverlies."
Lemira suddenly turned to him, curiosity in her eyes. "I realized today that I've seen Mrs. Amanda at the hospital once. Do you remember?"
Orion's expression grew slightly awkward. "I remember."
"She was with me in the elevator, seemed like she was avoiding someone. As soon as we stepped out, she bolted."
At the time, Lemira hadn't given it much thought, but now it seemed peculiar.
Orion felt like a tightrope walker, precariously balanced over a deep chasm. His stepmother had discovered Lemira was the girl from the car accident years ago, and he knew it wouldn't remain a secret for long.
He hesitated, then asked, "Lemira, what do you think about what Asher said regarding differences in status?"
He worried she might be upset if she knew his true identity, fearing she would think he hid it from her because he suspected her of being a gold-digger.
Lemira rose on her tiptoes and placed a finger over his lips. "I don't care."
Orion held her hand. "Please, let me explain."
"No, you listen to me. I don't care about who you are or where you come from because I love you for who you are."
Lemira cupped his face in her hands. "Don't let Asher's words bother you. You matter more to me than any of them."
Orion's heart swelled with emotion, as if filled to the brim with warmth.
Finally, he summoned the courage. "Lemira, actually, I am—"
But Lemira's attention shifted, her gaze landing somewhere beyond him. "Is that Matthew?"
kn
Orion turned and, sure enough, there was the kid, caught in the act, hiding behind a now cleared arrangement of flowers. FindNovels
He bit his tongue in frustration. Was this kid born just to mess with him?
Lemira walked over to where Matthew stood, curious about what had so captivated him.
Orion gave Matthew a swift nudge with his foot, making him wince, "Ow! Who's kicking me?"
As soon as Matthew saw Orion, he quickly fell silent, like a meek little lamb.
Lemira, witnessing Orion's kick, was startled, but Matthew didn't seem upset. Were they on good terms?
She turned to Matthew, "What are you doing here?"
"I-I was looking for my mom, but when I got here, she was already gone."
Matthew scrambled for an excuse.
Lemira nodded, remembering Mrs. Amanda had indeed attended the event. 4 need to thank Mrs. Amanda for helping me out today.should take her to dinner sometime. FindNovels
"That's a great idea! After all, we're going to be family someday," Matthew blurted
out.
Lemira chuckled, shaking her head. "Family? You're joking, right?"
Matthew glanced at Orion, thinking he must have told Lemira already. But it seemed he hadn't.
At that moment, Orion's palms were
slick with sweat, nerves skittering him as he looked at Lemira.
throug
"There's something need to tell you." FindNovels
###Chapter 541
Lemira noticed how tense Orion looked and gave him a reassuring smile. "Go ahead, what's on your mind?"
Before Orion could speak, the head of the foundation approached her. "Ms. Langston, we have some urgent matters that need your attention."
"I'll be right there," Lemira replied, turning back to Orion. "Do you want to tell me now, or should I catch up with you after I'm done?"
Orion hesitated, clearly struggling to find the right words. Maybe it had something to do with what Asher had mentioned earlier?
With a resigned sigh, Orion said, "You should go."
Lemira nodded and followed the head of the foundation, leaving Orion to deal with Matthew.
Orion glanced at Matthew with a warning. "Watch what you say from now on."
"Asher, I thought you told Lemira everything already. Why keep it a secret? She's not the type to care about money; she likes you for who you are."
"I know," Orion admitted.
"Then what's holding you back?" Matthew asked, puzzled.
Orion's expression turned somber, and he spoke quietly, "It's because I've wronged her."
If only that accident had never happened between him and Lemira. He could freely tell her who he truly was without any guilt.
Lemira left with the foundation team.
On the drive, she texted Orion, telling him and Matthew not to wait for her since she had more work to finish. She needed to put the foundation back in order after reclaiming it. As for Evelina, she'd just have to wait until the bait was taken.
But what was it that Orion wanted to say? Lemira was curious.
After finishing her work at the foundation, Lemira returned to the Langston estate late in the evening As she headed upstairs, she noticed Evelina lurking at the top of the staircase, her expression dark and accusatory. FindNovels
Lemira continued her way up, unfazed, but Evelina spat venomously, "You knew
all along that person was Mrs. Amanda. You played the good cop to frame me, didn't you?"
Since returning from the charity event, Evelina had been stewing over what had happened and was convinced it was all Lemira's doing.
With a mocking smile, Lemira retorted, "You embarrassed yourself in front of those ladies today. Good luck trying to marry Dorian now; you've blown it."
"You witch! I knew you set me up!" Evelina snapped.
Lemira moved swiftly, grabbing Evelina by the throat, her voice icy. "You'd better behave. I've got a nice HD video of you and the butler Shall I send it to Mrs. Grace Draven for her viewing pleasure, or maybe let Dorian take a look?" FindNovels
"No! Please don't!" Evelina's defiance crumbled into despair. If the Draven family found out, she'd be finished. Dorian still had feelings for her, but seeing that video would end everything.
Lemira patted Evelina's cheek condescendingly. "Good. From now on, you're my obedient little pup. When I say jump, you don't ask how high."
Evelina seethed but was helpless. Last time, her father had chewed her out over the incident with the butler. She hadn't dared to tell him about the video, fearing he'd refuse to help her get rid of the butler.
Evelina regretted orchestrating that whole mess with him. She'd underestimated Lemira and was now paying the price.
"What will it take for you to delete the video?" Evelina asked through gritted teeth.
Lemira's eyes glinted with contempt.
"I'm the real Ms. Langston. You're just a chauffeur's daughter who let a
few good years go to your head f might have taken a little sabbatical but fm still Lemira Langston when I return." s?novels
With that, Lemira left Evelina standing there, seething. She knew her words would provoke Evelina into action.
Evelina stood frozen for a long time before trembling back to her room. She pulled out a separate phone and dialed a number. “Dad, I need you to take care of Lemira. She's got to go."
"Eve, I told you to keep calm and avoid direct conflict with Lemira for now," her father cautioned.
###Chapter 542
"Dad, you won't believe what happened today. She actually made me pick up food from the ground and eat it!"
Evelina burst into tears. "Asher knew all about it, but he still let it happen. The Langstons are all the same-saying we're family by blood, and yet I'm always treated like an outsider!"
With just a slight nod, Lemira could easily step back into the Langston family, seize her old room, and wrest away the foundation and the entertainment company Evelina had fought so hard for.
The resentment burned within Evelina, but she didn't dare mention the video recordings.
"Eve, it's not too late to open your eyes. Do as I say-get hold of the donations and transfer them to the account I mentioned. Once the Al project is signed and Asher sends over the money, you won't have to put up with the Langstons anymore."
"Okay, I understand."
Evelina ended the call, her face set in a frosty determination. She was going to make the Langstons regret ever siding with Lemira.
Once the Langston family's wealth was drained and they hit rock bottom, she'd relish seeing Lemira lose that haughty heiress demeanor.
The next morning, Lemira was up early, waiting for Asher to show up and sign the contract.
But Asher never came.
Lucian glanced at her and said, "Asher had something urgent to attend to. He left early."
"He's not backing out, is he?"
"Lemmy, you've got that video. Asher won't dare backtrack."
Lucian was confident. Asher wouldn't want the butler's issue to blow up.
Yet Lemira couldn't shake her doubts.
Just then, Caspian appeared. "I heard it's because of the Waverlies. Whatever happened at the charity auction yesterday must've displeased them, and Asher's busy putting out fires."
After all, Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Grace Draven were influential figures. Evelina's mess at the charity event definitely needed cleaning up.
"Caspian, keep those thoughts to yourself around Asher. We don't want him upset. He's still trying to do what's best for the Langston family, Lucian advised, ever th peacemaker. FindNovels
He turned to Lemira. "Caspian and I are heading to the island to see Rowan tomorrow. If you need anything during this time, just reach out to me."
Going to see Rowan? One was likely for surgery, and the other for facial reconstruction. No wonder Caspian was absent from yesterday's charity event. FindNovels
Lemira noted Lucian's thinning frame. She knew that if he went to Rowan's, his stomach issues would soon be sorted.
She looked away, "Got it."
"Lemmy, Alaric will be by your side. If Asher and Evelina stir up anything against you, he'll help."
At that moment, Alaric slowly shuffled in from outside, avoiding Lemira's gaze.
Lemira's voice was cold, "I can handle my own matters."
Caspian chimed in, "Lemira, I've also asked Alaric to oversee the entertaiment comparty for few. We were wrong to trust that two-faced Evelina. We've all been burned by her deceit, and it won't happen again." FindNovels
This time, Lemira had helped him reclaim the entertainment company, and Caspian felt a deep guilt for how they'd treated her in the past.
Lemira remained unmoved by their words.
She stood up, "Is that all?"
Lucian, seeing her aloofness, couldn't help but plead, "Lemmy, can't you give us another chance to earn your trust?"
Lemira's lips curled into a mocking smile, "What if I demand that Evelina be kicked out of the Langston family?"
"Lemmy, Evelina became an orphan because of the Langston family. Even with her mistakes, we can't just throw her out with nothing."
Lucian was caught in a bind, "Her father saved your life, and that's an unchangeable fact."
Her phone buzzed with a message from her PR team: [There's a lead on the butler's murder.]
She let out a dry laugh, looking up at Lucian, "Are you so sure about that?"
###Chapter 543
Lemira gazed at the Langstons standing before her, their constant reminder of how Evelina's father had saved her life echoing in her ears. In her previous life, she had taken those words to heart, never receiving the affection or concern she sought from her brothers, all because she felt indebted to Evelina's family.
She had believed it wholeheartedly, allowing them to take everything from her, even her life. But this time, she had discovered that Evelina's father was very much alive.
Could that car accident from years ago have something to do with him? Why else would he be hiding behind Evelina's shadow?
Lucian looked surprised, "Lemmy, what do you mean by that?"
Caspian glanced at her suspiciously, "Asher's been digging around for the person who fled the accident scene back then, but all we've got is a trail leading to the Sinclair family. No solid leads yet. Lemira, do you have any clues?"
Lemira gripped her phone tightly, tempted to throw the evidence right in their faces. But she held back. This wasn't the place for revelations. Besides, she didn't want to alert anyone yet.
She replied coldly, "No. I've got other things to attend to," and left the Langstons' mansion without looking back.
From a window on the second floor, Evelina watched Lemira's retreating figure. Caspian's words echoed in her mind, filling her with unease. Was it really linked to the Sinclair family?
She'd asked Asher about it before, but he'd kept her in the dark. Did he suspect her father too? A chill ran down her spine as she hurried back to her room to warn her father. They needed to be prepared, no matter what.
Lemira left the Langstons' mansion and headed straight for the café where she had an appointment. On the way, she repeatedly checked the messages from her PR team, feeling a mix of excitement and anxiety. Had they finally located Evelina's father?
Arriving at the café's private booth, she found Debby waiting. Debby turned her laptop towards Lemira. "After some digging, we found this car suspicious. It was outside the Langstons' mansion that night and later ended up at this repair shop." "Is the car owned by the shop?" Lemira asked.
"Yes," Debby confirmed. "It's a vehicle used by their repair staff. We've looked into the employees but couldn't match anyone to the man in the photo from that night."
Lemira studied the screen, a bit disappointed. She'd hoped they were closer to finding Evelina's father.
"I'm sorry for not being clearer in my messages," Debby apologized. "But we had to be discreet. Especially with you being around the Langstons, you need to be extra cautious." FindNovels
Lemira nodded, "You did the right thing. At least we're one step closer."
She was convinced that Evelina's father was somehow tied to this repair shop. It
was just a matter of time before they found him.
Turning to Debby, Lemira added,
"The donations have been transferred to the
Evelina will try to undation
try to pull something
soon. We just need to wait for 'the
two-faced' girl to make her move." FindNovels
"Exactly," Debby agreed. "Once Evelina moves the money, we'll trace it back to whoever's behind this."
Lemira felt a surge of determination. She had to find Evelina's father and uncover the truth about the accident.
After wrapping up their discussion,
Lemira ordered a coffee, needing a
moment to collect her thoughts.
booking out the window, she saw Asher Stepping out of a car,
accompanied by a girl with a noticeable limp. FindNovels
She was shocked when she recognized the girl. "It's her!" she exclaimed.
Could her new roommate really be with Asher? Her mind raced as she recalled that her roommate's last name was Waverly. Was Stella Asher's fiancée?
Debby followed Lemira's gaze. "That's Ms. Waverly. She doesn't appear in public often due to her condition, so not many people recognize her."
###Chapter 544
Debby, being well-connected in the PR industry, definitely knew all these public figures.
Lemira remembered the last time she was about to hold a press conference, and suddenly Asher stopped her. She might have mentioned something about the press conference in the dorm before.
Could it be that Stella had tipped him off?
Lemira asked, "Do you know anything about this Stella?"
"Not much, honestly. She rarely makes public appearances or joins any events. But Ms. Waverly's background is quite tragic. After her mother passed away, she got a stepmother and eventually a stepdad. Although the stepmom treated Ms. Waverly well, it's never the same as having your real mom."
"Why do you say that?"
"I heard Stella has some leg issues, making her quite reclusive and not very talkative. Her stepmom kept Stella hidden away and later arranged a marriage for her. I thought it was a good match, but then it turned out to be Asher, who's not exactly a catch, especially at his age."
Debby had done her homework on the Langston family while working for Lemira, so she was well aware of Asher's reputation.
Lemira nodded, "I didn't expect it either. Stella is in my dorm, and she probably overheard me and tipped Asher off about the press conference."
"She's in your dorm? Looks like the Waverlies were trying to orchestrate some interaction between you two. Didn't expect you to fall out with your family so badly."
Lemira had thought of that too.
But she and Stella had hardly any interaction. Stella was practically invisible in the dorm, rarely speaking and almost never leaving except for classes. Her meals were delivered to her.
Lemira had always wondered why someone from such a wealthy family would stay in the dorm.
Now it all made sense.
"Ms. Langston, you better be careful about what you say in the dorm from now on."
"I know."
Lemira watched as Asher and Stella walked into the restaurant together, probably to have a meal.
It seemed Asher was trying to patch things up with the Waverlies to deal with Evelina's mess.
After leaving the café, Lemira headed straight to the school's esports team facility to oversee the team's training.
Everyone was progressing quickly, she noted as she watched them practice.
PixelStage had notified her that she could start streaming, but she was short on time.
The Waveries likely learned from
Asher that she had reconciled with the Langston family, so they
probably wouldn't cause anet
trouble.
FindNovels
Just then, Lemira received a message from Orion: "What's up?"
"At the team base for training. A bit hungry."
She had only had some pastries at the café and skipped lunch, so hunger was catching up with her.
"Hang tight."
Lemira glanced at the message, wondering what he meant by that.
Her game started, so she didn't have time to ponder it.
Soon,
Sopanice walked in with milk tea.
"Everyone, take a break and enjo
some afternoon tea. Courtesy of the captain's boyfriend!" FindNovels
Lemira couldn't help but chuckle.
He had bought something for everyone at the base.
She snapped a photo and sent it to Orion: "Got it. Thanks, boss!"
"Aren't you supposed to thank your boyfriend?"
Orion, sitting in his office, saw her message and smirked.
He texted back, "Dinner tonight?"
"Got a meeting to plan our training
schedule: We're representing the et
school in a competition next month. Can't lose How about tomorrow?" FindNovels
Lemira wanted to meet up with Orion but had too much on her plate.
She was also curious about what Orion wanted to tell her.
"Captain, someone's here to see you."
Lemira looked up to see Sophia walking in. "Can we talk privately?" she asked.
###Chapter 545
Lemira frowned slightly. What could Ms. Sinclair want to discuss with her?
After a moment of contemplation, she decided to head over to the office.
She poured Sophia a glass of water. "I'm afraid I don't have much to offer in terms of hospitality, Ms. Sinclair."
"Please, call me Sophia. And no need to be so cautious; I'm here to propose a collaboration."
"A collaboration?"
Lemira remained wary. She remembered the recent fallout with the Sinclair family and doubted Sophia was unaware of it. There had been rumors about the failed engagement between the Everhart and Sinclair families. Susanna had been keeping a low profile lately.
"Yes, the Sinclair family has been sponsoring the Orvin University Base for years, always in close partnership. You've probably seen the returns on those investments. I wanted to invite you to join us."
Investing? The previous team leader had joined forces with the Sinclairs for what seemed like a high-end investment, but it was really just a money-laundering scheme for them.
"I'm not interested in investments. I don't think we can work together," Lemira replied.
"Don't be so quick to refuse. I've heard you have an Aurora Trust, and my proposal is related to that. I know your recent event didn't go well, and everyone's saying you're just in it for the money."
Lemira bristled. "That trust was founded by my parents for charity. It's not a money-making scheme."
"I understand, but public opinion can be harsh. I'm organizing a joint event with Aurora Trust for one-on-one sponsorships for girls in need. Your participation could really benefit your foundation."
"Why are you coming to me with this?" Lemira asked.
"Because the Orvin University Base has always participated in charitable events, and I've always been the organizer."
Lemira got it. "Alright, I'll participate."
"Great. I'll set up a planning dinner soon to discuss the event details. You have to be there."
With that, Sophia left without lingering any longer.
As she walked away from the team base, Sophia glanced back with a hint of disdain in her expression. "Is everything arranged?"
"Yes, Ms. Lemira. On the day of the event, we'll reveal her true colors."
Sophia felt pleased. She wasn't about to give up on Orion. After all, how long does a man's affection last marriage of equal standing was what they needed FindNovels
After Sophia left, Lemira called the Aurora Trust to prepare for the sponsorship event for girls. They'd need to buy lots of supplies, and the most crucial was sanitary pads. Many girls in impoverished areas" couldn't afford proper sanitary products and had to resort to makeshift solutions, leading to
health issues. FindNovels
The person in charge replied, "Should we leave all this to Ms. Sterling? She needs to sign off on the funds."
"Yes, that's fine."
Lemira figured Evelina would be quite busy in the coming days. Moving money around required some effort.
Later that evening, Lemira returned to her dorm from the team base. She noticed
a bouquet of roses on the table, beautifully wrapped.
Janice exclaimed, "Wow, Stella, did your boyfriend send you these?"
Stella glanced at the roses, smiled slightly, and nodded. "Something like that."
Lemira just gave the roses a cursory glance, suspecting they were from Asher.
Janice then turned to Lemira. "Are you really letting that 'two-faced' girl get involved in your charity event? Remember how she buttered up Mrs. Grace Draven to make things difficult for you at the last fundraiser? And Asher still covered for her! I really wonder if there's something going on between them." FindNovels
"Don't jump to conclusions."
Lemira glanced at Stella. Now that she knew about Asher and her new roommate's connection, it was best not to speculate too openly.
###Chapter 546
"I wasn't wrong, you know. That 'two-faced' girl messed up, and yet Asher still blamed you. I've never seen anyone so biased. She's not even his real sister. Honestly, it's fair to suspect there's something more going on."
Janice finished her rant, and Stella frowned slightly. "Maybe they're just really close siblings."
"That's being way too close," Janice retorted, about to argue further, but Lemira cut her off.
Stella glanced at the bouquet of roses nearby, her expression growing more complicated.
The next day, in class, Lemira spotted Evelina flaunting yet another designer outfit, her hand gripping a Hermès bag, looking smug and self-assured. But when Evelina caught sight of Lemira, her eyes darted nervously, and she quickly put distance between them, as if dreading a confrontation.
Lemira chuckled inwardly. That 'two-faced' girl really didn't bother hiding her true colors.
After class, Lemira received a message from Orion. He mentioned he had to go on a last-minute business trip for a day. It seemed like he'd been busier than usual lately.
Was it because he overheard Asher's criticism and was now overcompensating by working overtime? Once Orion got back, Lemira decided she'd have a talk with him. There was no need to overwork himself.
Lemira had been living in the college dorms. With Lucian and Caspian gone, she had no plans to return to the Langston family residence. But then Sophia messaged her, inviting her to help organize a dinner event.
After some thought, Lemira decided to attend. She couldn't let people think her parents' foundation was just a money-making scheme.
After class, she hailed a cab to the venue. When she arrived, she realized just how upscale the place was, with luxury cars parked out front. It caught her off guard.
As she approached the entrance, a guard stopped her. "Staff should use the back entrance. This entrance isn't for you."
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "I'm not staff. Besides, aren't you staff too? Do you look down on yourself?"
The guard flushed with anger. "I've seen plenty of gold-diggers like you, trying to snag a rich guy. This is a members-only club. Do you have a membership?"
She didn't, actually.
"Well, well, isn't it Lemira? What are you doing stuck at the entrance?" came a snide voice.
Susanna sauntered over, arm-in-arm with Evelina.
Evelina was clearly enjoying Lemira's predicament. "Lemira, are you here for a date with your broke boyfriend? Didn't he tell you this place is members-only?"
"Someone like Lemira wouldn't
know. She thinks a little cash makes her wealthy. This club, though, requires connections to even get membership, Susanna mocked, eager to humiliate Lemira, FindNovels
"But if you apologize to me, I'll let you in. My sister has a black card here, you know!"
Lemira laughed. "It's your sister who invited me here."
"Impossible. Why would my sister bother with someone like you?"
Susanna's confidence wavered He sister was indeed hosting a private event today. Could it be true? FindNovels
"Ms. Langston, is that really you?" Mrs. Amanda approached, surprised to see Lemira there.
Lemira was equally taken aback. "Mrs. Amanda, what a coincidence."
"Why are you standing outside?" Mrs. Amanda asked.
Susanna quickly interjected, "Mrs. Amanda, she doesn't even have a membership
and still tried to get in. She thinks she can go anywhere she pleases."
"Susanna, have some respect. It's just a club. You're only here because of your sister Mrs. Amanda scolded, then handed Lemira her membership card. "Here, use it as you please." FindNovels
Lemira was stunned.
###Chapter 547
Lemira held the sleek black membership card in her hand, her eyes wide with
surprise. She couldn't believe Mrs. Amanda had gone out of her way to help her. It was flattering, to say the least!
Even Susanna and Evelina were taken aback. Susanna, unable to hold back, blurted out, "Mrs. Amanda, what are you doing?"
"Do I need to explain myself to you, Susanna? Have you not learned a shred of manners from your sister?" Mrs. Amanda's voice was stern; she had overheard Susanna's earlier snide comments towards Lemira and found them beyond rude.
Susanna's eyes welled up with tears at the reprimand, but she bit her tongue. She couldn't afford to get on Mrs. Amanda's bad side, not when her sister's reputation was at stake.
Evelina quickly intervened. "Mrs. Amanda, you misunderstood Susanna. She was just concerned for Lemira, making sure she knew the ropes so she wouldn't have an awkward moment at the entrance."
Susanna shot Evelina a grateful look. Thank goodness this country girl could vouch for her.
"Better be," Mrs. Amanda said curtly, giving Evelina a once-over. She remembered Evelina's father had also passed away in the same tragic accident years ago, which softened her heart a little.
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief, grateful the situation hadn't escalated. "Lemira, let's head inside. Don't mind Susanna; she just speaks her mind."
Lemira smirked. "Speaking your mind and being downright mean are two very different things."
This two-faced girl would say whatever it took to keep Susanna happy.
Mrs. Amanda turned to Lemira, "Ms. Langston, come with me."
Lemira didn't hesitate and followed Mrs. Amanda into the club.
Susanna seethed, "When did Lemira get so chummy with Mrs. Amanda?"
Evelina shrugged. "Not sure. At the Langston family charity auction the other day, Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Grace Draven were both there. But Lemira was always around Mrs. Amanda; she knows how to please people."
Jealousy gnawed at Evelina. Why did Mrs. Grace Draven find her annoying, no matter how hard she tried, while Lemira seemed to effortlessly win over Mrs. Amanda?
Susanna's voice dripped with venom. "That low-class Lemira, always climbing the social ladder despite claiming she doesn't care for our Business School."
"Susanna, we should head in too. Keep an eye on things so Lemira doesn't badmouth you to Mrs. Amanda. You don't want her thinking worse of you."
"As if she'd dare!"
Susanna stormed off, fuming.
Evelina smirked. With Susanna acting as the obvious troublemaker, there was no need for her to get involved directly.
Inside the club, Lemira handed the card back to Mrs. Amanda. "Thank you for helping me out back there."
Mrs. Amanda waved her off. "Don't be silly. Keep the card."
"But I can't accept it without earning it."
Lemira was genuinely puzzled by Mrs. Amanda's kindness, but she couldn't just accept the card.
Mrs. Amanda sighed. "Alright, let's get you your own membership card. You'll be able to come here anytime."
"I appreciate it, but I'm only here for a charity event meeting. I won't be coming often."
"The Sinclair family charity event, right?" Mrs. Amanda knew about that.
She frowned slightly, wondering why
hadn't arranged e
properly for Lemira, knowing it was her first time here content belongs to FindNovels
Lemira nodded.
"Even so, having a membership card will be handy for the future."
Mrs. Amanda could see that Lemira was a determined young woman and didn't push her to use her card.
Lemira found herself swept along with Mrs. Amanda to sort things out.
Sophia soon appeared, her composure slipping when she saw Lemira with Mrs. Amanda. How did Lemira know Mrs Amanda? Could it be that orion had already introduced her to his family? Mrs. Amanda seemed to approve, judging by her demeanor. FindNovels
Sophia's heart sank. She had spent years by Mrs. Amanda's side, hoping to one day marry into the Everhart
family was all of that about to crumble? FindNovels
###Chapter 548
Sophia took a deep breath, plastering a polite smile on her face as she approached. "Mrs. Amanda Sinclair, what a surprise to see you here!"
Amanda turned around, spotting Sophia. She was dressed in a designer dress, her smile graceful and poised, exuding the aura of a true socialite.
Before Amanda could respond, Mrs. Sinclair interjected, "I brought her here to get a membership card."
Sophia feigned an apologetic tone, "I'm so sorry, I've been so swamped lately I forgot it's Ms. Langston's first time here. You can't get in without a membership."
She quickly turned to the manager, "Could you issue Ms. Langston a guest pass under my name?"
Lemira frowned, refusing outright, "No need."
She had no desire to be entangled with the Sinclair family, let alone rely on Sophia's influence.
Sophia maintained her smile, "Ms. Langston, please don't be so formal with me. We'll have many events here in the future, and it'll be more convenient for you to get in and out."
"Sophia, no need for the hassle. Just get Lemira her own card; it's much simpler than a guest pass," Mrs. Amanda suggested.
Sophia's smile faltered slightly. Her offer of a guest pass was a subtle attempt to deter Mrs. Amanda from getting Lemira a full membership.
But to her surprise, Mrs. Amanda seemed quite fond of Lemira.
Mrs. Amanda turned to the manager, "Get her a membership, please."
The manager nodded promptly, "Do you have your ID with you?"
Lemira shook her head, "No, I don't."
Sophia breathed a sigh of relief and asked the manager, "Doesn't a membership require a financial check? What's the minimum amount?"
"A minimum of a hundred thousand dollars."
Lemira stayed calm. A hundred grand was indeed a substantial amount,
confirming that this club was a place for the affluent.
Sophia, however, looked at her and said, "Lemira, next time bring your ID, and I
can lend you the money for the financial check."
Lemira sensed a hint of hostility from Sophia but wondered if she was overthinking it.
She declined, "That's unnecessary. I have the hundred thousand."
Sophia raised an eyebrow, surprised, "Looks like your family gives you a generous allowance."
Considering the Langston family's financial standing, a hundred thousand in cash was no small change.
Even Susanna didn't receive that much in monthly allowance.
"Where would she get that kind of money? She must've sold off the
inheritance from her pormed
Susanna snapped as she stormed over, not wanting to see Lemura all smug. FindNovels
Lemira's expression cooled at the mention of her parents' inheritance.
She looked Susanna in the eye, "Do you live by the sea, Susanna?"
"No, I live in a villa on Central Avenue!" Susanna boasted.
Sophia immediately caught the unspoken meaning, trying to intervene, "Susanna, what nonsense are you spouting? Is this what I taught you?"
Susanna, though displeased, dared not go against her sister and simply glared at Lemira, convinced she was a nuisance.
Mrs. Amanda chimed in, "Sophia, you should keep Susanna in check. It's not her place to comment on others' finances."
"You're right, Mrs. Amanda. I'll make sure to educate Susanna properly," Sophia replied, suppressing het, frustration. Having a sister like Susanna was exhausting.
belongs to FindNovels
Lemira watched as Susanna was reprimanded, but she had to admit Sophia was
a master at handling such situations.
Mrs. Amanda offered, "Lemira, if your funds haven't cleared yet, I can cover it for
you."
"No need, I have it," Lemira replied, pulling out her credit card.
Evelina couldn't help but ask, "Lemmy, as far as I know, you inherited real estate. Where'd you get all this cash?"
Lemira shot her a cold look, "Silence."
"Lemmy, don't be mad. I'm just
worried you might've taken a wrong turn. After all, the charity auction the other day raised over a hundred grand," Evelina continued. FindNovels
###Chapter 549
Evelina's insinuations were as clear as day.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk as she spoke directly, "So, you're suggesting I misappropriated funds from the foundation's account?"
"That's not what I meant at all," Evelina replied with a smile as innocent as a lamb. "I just wanted to remind you that charity funds shouldn't be moved around lightly. It could reflect poorly on the Langston family if word got out, don't you think?"
With a wave of her hand, Evelina quickly added, "Lemmy, if I upset you, just pretend I didn't say anything, alright?"
Lemira clicked her tongue, "Oh, don't give me that. You've already said it all, haven't you? Quit pretending."
"Lemmy, I'm only doing this for your own good," Evelina insisted, her eyes growing red as she turned to Mrs. Amanda. "You were there at the bake sale, right? You should know how much we raised."
Mrs. Amanda nodded, "Of course I do, but what does that have to do with Lemira verifying her funds today?"
Evelina hadn't expected Mrs. Amanda to stand by Lemira so staunchly. Wasn't she even a little suspicious of this troublemaker?
Sophia glanced at Lemira and said, "Verifying funds might mean the account is frozen for a few days."
It was a precaution to prevent anyone from borrowing money just to verify funds, only to transfer it out after getting their membership card.
Before Lemira could respond, Evelina started to cry, "Lemmy, the foundation's events need funding. We can't have this money frozen."
Her words seemed to imply that Lemira's account held the charity funds.
Sophia had her own thoughts but kept them to herself. "Ms. Langston, is it a problem if the funds are frozen for a few days?"
Lemira answered, "No problem at all."
After all, the money wasn't charity funds. It was her earnings from streaming and dividends from her Al project, which was about to go public. Soon, she'd be earning even more.
Evelina approached, grabbing Lemira's hand. "Lemmy, don't make things worse for yourself. We're all friends here. Just admit if there's a mistake, and no one's going to judge you."
Lemira pushed Evelina away, "Are you out of your mind? The money in my account is not charity funds. I'm not that greedy."
"Lemmy, at this point, just stop pretending. Mrs. Amanda and Ms. Sinclair even offered to lend you money. Why don't you just borrow some?"
Evelina's eyes were red like a rabbit's, putting on a noble act.
Lemira grabbed a nearby glass of water and splashed it at the two-faced girl.
Evelina shrieked, "What are you doing? Do you have any idea how expensive this dress is?"
Lemira clapped her hands, "I'm saving you."
"Saving me?"
"Yeah, you were spouting nonsense like you were possessed. Feeling clearer now?"
Lemira's eyes held a mocking glint, "Let me say it one last time: the money my account isnt charity funds. If your ears have a problem, go to the doctor. Might as well check if your brain is working right." FindNovels
Evelina was furious, "How could you possibly have a hundred thousand dollars in
cash? If it's not misappropriated funds, then what is it?"
"Do I need to explain myself to you?"
Lemira paid Evelina no mind.
Sophia hadn't expected Lemira to be so assertive, especially in front of Mrs. Amanda. She spoke calmly, è "Alright, if Ms. Langston says it's not charity funds then probably isn Let's not throw accusations around without evidence." FindNovels
Evelina had no hard proof; she
couldn't even check the account
balance at the moment, but she was
determined to investigate at the foundation tomorrow. She wouldn't let temira off easily.
belongs to FindNovels
Seeing Evelina silent, Sophia knew she had no evidence. What a waste.
Soon, the manager handed a card to Lemira. "Ms. Langston, welcome to the club."
"Thank you."
With the card in her hand, Lemira turned to Mrs. Amanda. "Thank you for your sponsorship."
To become a member here, it took more than wealth and status; you needed someone to vouch for you too.
###Chapter 550
Thanks to Mrs. Amanda's endorsement, she smoothly became a member.
Mrs. Amanda chuckled, "Oh, it's nothing. Come on, let me show you around."
Sophia couldn't help but interject, "Mrs. Amanda, I'm afraid you'll have to return Ms. Langston to me first. We have a planning meeting scheduled today."
"Oh, right, I almost forgot. Why don't I join you for that meeting?"
"I'd love that."
Sophia linked arms with Mrs. Amanda as they walked, chatting about their families with an easy rapport.
Lemira walked beside Mrs. Amanda, feeling a bit like a third wheel, considering Mrs. Amanda and Sophia almost became mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.
Soon, they arrived at a banquet hall.
As soon as Sophia appeared, someone approached her, "Weren't you supposed to pick someone up? What took you so long? Who's important enough to have Ms. Sinclair fetch them personally?"
"Ms. Langston is visiting for the first time and isn't a member yet, so I went to meet her."
Sophia introduced Lemira to them.
The woman who had spoken earlier sized up Lemira, "I heard your last charity sale was quite underwhelming."
"Yeah, the setup was so basic. Those who knew it was a charity event might understand, but others might think it was a beggar's gathering."
Evelina quickly added, "I was organizing that event, you know, and Susanna even gave me previous event plans Ms. Sinclair had done as a reference. But Lemmy said it was too extravagant and changed everything."
She effectively pinned the blame on Lemira.
Lemira's expression cooled a bit, "I believe a charity event doesn't need luxury decor; it's a waste of money."
Susanna snapped, "Are you saying my sister wastes money?"
"Susanna, stop twisting words. Ms. Langston didn't mean that, and her point isn't wrong."
Sophia felt a headache coming on from her sister's foolishness. Couldn't she see Mrs. Amanda was present? This kind of talk would only drag her down too!
Mrs. Amanda supported Lemira, "I think it's sensible to be frugal at charity events. Spending so much on appearances is less valuable than donating directly to those in need." FindNovels
Lemira felt touched by Mrs. Amanda's support.
Sophia quickly tried to smooth things over, "Ms. Langston, I've been meaning to talk to you about this. Our previous events were indeed a bit lavish. We'll learn from you and make some changes." FindNovels
Mrs. Amanda nodded approvingly, "Sophia, that's a good mindset."
"Mrs. Amanda, of course, I strive to improve and not let anyone down."
Hearing the leading socialite's
response, Lemira couldn't help but
admire her. No wonder Mrs.
Amanda favored Ms. Sinetair potential daughter-inaw. Her diplomatic skills were unparalleled. FindNovels
The little incident passed, as no one dared to argue once Mrs. Amanda spoke.
Lemira stuck close to Mrs. Amanda, getting introduced to the influential ladies present.
Watching this, Sophia felt a pang of anxiety. Originally, she planned to act on the day of the event, but her patience was wearing thin.
Sophia signaled her associates, who quickly brought several boxes forward. Sophia took the initiative, "Everyone, come take a look. These are donations from our foundation, mostly sanitary products. Let's decide which ones are suitable." Lemira joined to inspect the variety of brands.
Suddenly, someone held up a pack, exclaiming, "Who purchased these? They're all expired!"
Lemira's heart skipped a beat when she recognized the brand. That was what their foundation bought. Could Evelina have tampered with the supplies?
###Chapter 551
The moment the news of the expired tampons broke, everyone's eyes turned to the scene.
Lemira was quick to grab a pack herself, and sure enough, the expiration date had long passed.
Sophia immediately demanded, "Who on earth was so careless to buy expired or nearly expired tampons? Do you have any idea what kind of fallout this would cause if the media caught wind of it?"
Silence fell over the room.
Sophia continued, "Who here bought this brand of tampons?"
Lemira, clutching the tampons, spoke up, "Our family purchased this brand, but I assure you, they were not expired."
She had always insisted that the donations they bought should offer the best value, even if they weren't the most expensive.
Susanna immediately sneered, "So it was you who bought the expired tampons. Why are you even trying to deny it? You probably misappropriated the funds, and when money ran short, you went for the cheap stuff."
Lemira turned to Sophia, "We can't be the only ones who bought this brand. Since everything got mixed up, how can you be sure it was us?"
She wasn't about to take the blame without evidence.
Sophia nodded, "You're right, we need to get to the bottom of this. Don't worry, Ms. Langston, I won't accuse anyone without proof."
Susanna opened her mouth to continue her taunts, but Sophia stopped her.
Turning around, Lemira noticed Evelina was nowhere to be seen. She asked Susanna, "Where's Evelina?"
"She went to the restroom to dry off after you spilled water on her. And now you're looking for a scapegoat?"
Ignoring Susanna's jabs, Lemira quickly messaged the foundation's head: "Who was responsible for purchasing the tampons, and where were they bought?"
Lemira had a sinking feeling in her gut.
vel
She'd suspected Evelina might fudge the paperwork for some kickbacks, but what if the "twofaced" girl was actually as greedy and foolish as she feared
FindNovels
Before long, a staff member arrived with another box. "Ms. Sinclair, we checked,
and this box is also full of expired tampons."
The room erupted in shock.
Lemira marched over and saw the box was labeled with her Aurora Trust.
Her head spun with anger. Her suspicion was right.
Sophia approached, her tone stern, "Ms. Langston, this isn't a small
matter what we hadnt nouded the expiration dates? What if
someone used these faulty products and got hurt?" FindNovels
Taking a deep breath, Lemira replied, "I'm sorry, I just found out myself. I'll get to the bottom of this."
Sophia sighed, "This isn't something that can just be cleared up with an investigation."
People around them began to chime in: "Exactly, we only allow those with a solid reputation to join our charity drives you wouldn't have been here if Ms. Sinclair hadn't vouched for you." FindNovels
"Some people just don't know how to appreciate an opportunity, buying expired
goods like this. If word gets out, it'd be so humiliating."
Sophia quickly intervened, "Alright, let's not jump to conclusions."
Lemira had nothing to say at that moment. The evidence was damning, and there was no room for denial.
Mrs. Amanda spoke up, "Lemira, you should look into who's responsible. Sometimes people don't follow orders as they should."
With Mrs. Amanda's attempt to ease the tension, Lemira nodded, "I'll investigate thoroughly."
Susanna scoffed, "I bet someone siphoned off the funds, and now that the accounts are frozen, where would she get the money for donations?"
Lemira shot her a cold glare, "Susanna, remember that your words have legal consequences."
###Chapter 552
"You mean to tell me you did it yourself and now we can't talk about it?" Susanna found a perfect moment to tease Lemira and there was no way she was going to
let it slip.
Sophia gently pulled her sister aside and spoke up, "Ms. Langston, according to the rules, the supplies you've prepared have issues, so you can't participate in this joint charity event. That's the rule."
Lemira nodded, "I understand. I'll be on my way then."
"Please take this box of sanitary pads with you. It'll serve as evidence for the investigation." Sophia made sure the expired pads were repackaged and handed them to Lemira.
Mrs. Amanda quickly interjected, "Lemira, let me arrange a ride for you. It's not easy for a young woman to carry that."
"No need, I can manage on my own." Lemira picked up the box with one hand effortlessly.
Sophia was taken aback, "Ms. Langston, you're stronger than you look."
But from today, Lemira's foundation was going to be the talk of the town for all the wrong reasons.
Mrs. Amanda couldn't help but voice her concern, "Sophia, I don't think Lemira had anything to do with this. She's not that kind of person. Isn't it a bit harsh to just send her away?"
"Mrs. Amanda, it's not that I don't want to help, but these are the rules. It wouldn't be fair to bend them just for Lemira. It would make things difficult for me in the future."
Sophia then whispered, "Mrs. Amanda, how do you know Ms. Langston? You two seem pretty close."
"Oh, Lemira and I just clicked. She helped me out during the last charity sale when I wasn't feeling well, so I can vouch for her character."
Of course, Mrs. Amanda couldn't tell Sophia everything.
Sophia still had her doubts. "Ms. Langston seems to have a good relationship with Thaddeus. I saw her visiting Orie in the hospital after that car accident."
"Really? They must know each other then." Mrs. Amanda's expression was a bit off. "You all carry on. I have to be somewhere."
Sophia watched Mrs. Amanda leave, feeling unsettled. It was clear Mrs. Amanda knew Lemira was the girl Orion was protecting, but she hadn't said a word. Mrs. Amanda used to favor Sophia as a potential daughter-in-law. Had she changed her mind so quickly?
belongs to FindNovels
But Lemira probably didn't know Orion's true identity yet. There was still a chance.
Sophia turned to Susanna, "Where's your little sidekick?"
"No idea. It's her first time here, so she's probably wandering around taking photos."
"Make sure she hears about the expired sanitary pads."
Susanna's eyes lit up, "You're right, can't believe I forgot. Evelina can spread the word, and let's see kow Lemina holds her head high after this." 
FindNovels
Sophia didn't bother explaining further to her sister. Today's events were all thanks
to that dimwit Evelina handing them a weapon.
After leaving, Lemira went straight to Asher's company. This matter needed a resolution, and she wasn't going to let it go.
Carrying the large box, she stormed into the Langston Group. This wasn't her first visit.
The receptionist, recognizing her,
made no attempt to stop
instead quickly called
office to report her arrival.
belongs to FindNovels
Lemira stepped out of the elevator and headed straight to Asher's office.
Asher was in the middle of a discussion when he saw her burst in, "What are you doing here causing trouble again?"
"You were the one who supported Evelina to handle the charity funds, weren't you? Well, this is what she bought!"
Lemira marched up and dumped the expired sanitary pads all over the desk.
###Chapter 553
Lemira's bold actions left everyone in the office stunned.
Asher's face turned a bit awkward when he saw the tampons. "Why are you pulling these out? Aren't you embarrassed?"
"What's embarrassing about tampons? You guys don't seem to feel embarrassed buying c***!"
Asher's face flushed with frustration. "Stop being unreasonable. Let's talk about this at home. Can't you see I'm in a meeting?"
There were a few executives in the office.
One of them said, "Boss, I'm not superstitious or anything, but we're discussing a big project here, and tampons are just bad luck."
"Yeah, back where I come from, when a woman is on her period, it's considered unlucky. She can't go to church or participate in certain rituals. It could affect the man's fortune."
"Boss, your sister is being way too reckless. How can she just flaunt tampons like that?"
Their comments only fueled Asher's anger.
He pointed at Lemira, "Get out of here and take all those things with you!"
Lemira picked up the tampons from the table. "Haven't your moms, wives, or any women in your family ever used these? Haven't you seen them before?"
"But no one flaunts them like this!"
"Exactly, tampons are supposed to be used discreetly. It's bad luck if others see them."
Lemira unwrapped a tampon and slapped it right onto the mouth of one of the executives. "Well, congratulations, your life's over now."
The executive cursed in fury, "You witch, you..."
The other two executives quickly intervened. "Watch your words, she's Ms. Langston."
Lemira looked at the two peacemakers. "Almost forgot about you two."
She slapped a tampon onto each of them, watching their faces turn pale as if it was something filthy.
Lemira coldly remarked, "Don't forget, the place where periods come from is the same place you came from. If periods are filthy, then so are you."
The three executives were too shocked to retort.
Asher rubbed his temples in frustration. "Everyone, just leave."
After all, family matters shouldn't be aired publicly.
Watching the executives leave in a hurry, Lemira felt a bit of satisfaction.
Asher looked at the scattered tampons on the floor with resignation. "What do you want?"
"This whole tampon issue was stirred up by Evelina, and you need to fix it." "What's wrong with the tampons?"
"These are expired tampons. Evelina was in charge of purchasing them. You tell me what's wrong."
Lemira had been dying to crack open Evelina's head to see what was inside. How could someone be so foolishly greedy?
Asher checked the expiration dates on the tampons. They were indeed expired.
After a moment's thought, he said, "I'll talk to her about it. I'll cover the cost of this batch, alright?"
"Ha, do you think it's that simple?"
Lemira knew Asher would clean up Evelina's mess. She continued, "I was invited to Ms. Sinclair's charity event today. The donations from the Langston family are expired goods. What do you think people witbsay about the Langston family? FindNovels
"What?"
Asher's expression changed. If it was just expired goods, they could be replaced. But according to
bengira, the situation was mel
serious. FindNovels
Lemira knew that unless the Langston family's reputation or interests were at stake, Asher would hardly care.
"Now there has to be an explanation
for the expired tampons, or word will spread quickly, and the Waverlies will hear about it too. This mess was made by Evelina, so deal with it yourself." FindNovels
Lemira finished, leaving Asher looking particularly grim.
Just then, his secretary knocked on the door. "Boss, Ms. Evelina is here."
"Perfect timing, let her in."
Asher's face was stormy. If this got out, it would be incredibly embarrassing.
Lemira watched Evelina walk into the office, her eyes cold.
It seemed the "two-faced" girl had gotten wind of the situation and was here to plead her case.
###Chapter 554
This is exactly why she had arrived so early.
Evelina spotted the tampons on the floor and immediately tensed up. "Asher, about those expired tampons, let me explain."
"What is there to explain? How could you buy expired products and embarrass us at Ms. Sinclair's charity event?"
"Asher, I was just investigating the issue. I got scammed too, you know. I never intended to buy expired products."
Lemira pressed on, "You're lying. I checked how much you spent on those tampons. It was significantly more than the usual price for that brand. There's no way they would just send expired products unless you were getting a kickback, and they were trying to make up the difference."
"I didn't take any kickbacks," Evelina protested firmly. "Asher, this is my first time handling something like this. I was naive and got swindled by the suppliers. I'm a woman myself—why would I intentionally buy expired tampons?"
Evelina looked genuinely upset and distressed.
Asher's face remained stern. "But you were in charge, Evelina. You should have been more careful. Now we're the laughing stock-what do you propose we do?"
"Asher, I'll go explain everything to Ms. Sinclair."
Lemira's tone was dripping with sarcasm. "Do you really think your excuses will work? Now the Langston family's Aurora Trust has been disqualified from participating, and we're going to be the talk of the town!"
Evelina hung her head, trying to defend herself. "I didn't mean for this to happen." Damn it! She had clearly instructed the suppliers to send nearly expired tampons, but instead, they sent expired ones. She was a victim here too.
Lemira turned to Asher. "I heard the Waverlies often do charity work because of Ms. Waverly. This might tarnish our reputation with them."
Asher was indeed worried about that.
He sighed in frustration. "I'll handle this."
"Since Evelina clearly lacks the capability, I suggest she shouldn't manage the funds anymore."
After Lemira suggested this, Asher agreed on the spot. "Then you take over." "Asher, there's something else I need to tell you."
Evelina glanced at Lemira. "Today, at Ms. Sinclair's event, Lemira got a membership at the club and froze
million dollars. I suspect, Lemmy, million do I that you've been dipping into the charity funds." FindNovels
She didn't believe for a second that Lemira had a million dollars in cash. Now all this rush to take over
managing the funds? It was
It
suspicious, trying to cover up the membership card issue. FindNovels
Asher looked at Lemira. "Is this true? I thought a guarantor was required for that."
"Mrs. Amanda vouched for me, which is how I managed to get the membership."
Asher hadn't expected Mrs. Amanda to think so highly of Lemira, enough to vouch for her.
Evelina wasn't backing down. "Asher, we're talking about the million in Lemmy's account. If it's really charity money, it shouldn't be touched."
Lemira spoke up directly. "That million is my own money."
"Where did you get that kind of money?"
Lemira looked at Asher. "You transferred some money to me before, plus my own earnings. It all adds up."
Asher recalled the deal he had made with Lemira-she was handling the company's firewall system. But he hadn't mentioned this to the Langston family.
Asher nodded vaguely. "Alright, make sure you clarify things with Mrs. Amanda."
"I will."
Lemira received a call from the person in charge, and she put it on speaker. "Go ahead, what did you find out?"
"Ms. Lemira, our investigation
showed that Evelina arranged fora
kickback with the suppliers, who then sent expired tampons out of greed. We have all the evidence. Should we call the police?" FindNovels
Lemira looked at Asher and Evelina. "Yes, call the police!"
"No, you can't call the police."
Evelina's knees buckled, and she snatched the phone away.
###Chapter 555
Lemira glared at Evelina with a frosty expression, demanding, "Hand over the phone."
"No way, we can't call the cops," Evelina pleaded, turning to Asher for support. "Asher, I'm not savvy with this stuff. The suppliers said kickbacks are standard practice, but I had no idea they'd send expired products!"
Asher, his patience worn thin, slapped her across the face. "You've really let me down. Since when did the Langston family ever mistreat you?"
He was furious, feeling his reputation crumble in front of Lemira.
Through tears, Evelina insisted, "Asher, I was just momentarily foolish and got duped by the suppliers. I swear I've learned my lesson."
Asher was exasperated, "Now you realize? What about when you were pocketing kickbacks? Did it never cross your mind what would happen if this blew up?"
He ran a hand through his hair, frustrated. "Evelina, lately you've been nothing but trouble."
"Asher, please, just this once, help me out," Evelina begged, never expecting the suppliers would send expired tampons and leave her in such a mess.
And she certainly didn't expect Lemira to act so quickly, giving her no time to destroy any evidence.
Asher brushed her off. "The foundation's in Lemira's hands now. She's the one you need to be pleading with, not me."
This issue, unfortunately, was out of his control. Lemira had the evidence.
Looking at the 'two-faced' girl, Lemira demanded again, "Give me the phone."
Evelina bit her lip, "Lemira, we've known each other since childhood. Can't you let this slide just this once? If I'm ruined, it'll tarnish our family's reputation too. I'll hand over the funds to you and step back, okay?"
"No way!"
Lemira snatched her phone back. The funds needed to be recovered, but she also had to keep the pressure on Evelina.
Evelina cast a desperate glance at Asher, "So that's it, Asher? Just because I'm not blood, I can't be forgiven for one mistake?"
Asher was taken aback, "Eve, what's that supposed to mean?"
Evelina burst into tears and ran out of the office.
Asher, flustered, tugged at his tie, shocked by Evelina's remark.
Lemira chuckled dryly, "Well, I'll just go ahead and report this."
"Lemira, do you really have to blow this up?" Asher asked.
"If we don't, everyone will think the Langston family skims off charity funds and buys expired tampons."
With that, Lemira turned and left.
She figured if Asher didn't step in, Evelina would surely seek out another ally.
She quickly called Debby, their PR expert.
Evelina and the suppliers. Somet
Evelineep a close watch on
on Evelina's side might make move. t FindNovels
But this situation wasn't something that could be simply swept under the rug. "Ms. Langston, you should be careful too. What if they try to pin this on you?"
"You're right," Lemira acknowledged.
Thinking it over, she decided it was best to stay at the Langston family home for a while.
She went back to school to pack, telling Janice, "I'm heading home for a few days, won't be crashing in the dorm."
"Why would you want to go back there?" Janice asked, puzzled.
Noticing Stella was around too, Lemira decided to recount the day's drama at the club.
Janice was outraged, "No way! Evelina, that two-faced' girl, is something else! She skims off the top buys expired tampons, and then Asher tells you not to report it And expects you to clean up her mess? Unbelievable!" FindNovels
"I've already reported it," Lemira assured.
"Good call Otherwise, Asher might just cover for Evelina and leave you
hanging We need to make sure
Evelina gets what she deses this
time." .
FindNovels
###Chapter 556
Lemira packed her things and left, feeling a sense of finality.
She wondered if the Waverlies would still let Asher protect Evelina once they knew the truth about the whole mess. And how would the Waverlies handle it?
That evening, Lemira went straight back to the Langston family home.
The new butler was practically tripping over himself to be helpful, buzzing around her like a bee to honey.
Evelina stormed downstairs, catching sight of the scene, and snapped at the butler, "Where's the fruit platter I asked for? I've been waiting forever!"
"Apologies, Miss Evelina, I've been busy attending to Ms. Lemira. I'll get right on it," the butler replied, still trying to find his footing in the household hierarchy. He'd heard the gossip from the staff about the previous butler's fate, so he was keen to make a good impression on Lemira. After all, she was the one with the Langston bloodline; Evelina, no matter how favored, couldn't quite match that.
Evelina's face turned crimson with anger, and she slapped the butler. "Do you think you can look down on me now?"
The new butler took the hit silently, retreating to the kitchen without a word.
Lemira, observing Evelina's petty display of power, spoke coolly, "Instead of picking on others, maybe you should think about how you'll explain your kickback scheme to the police."
Evelina was seething.
But her father had reassured her that he'd handle everything. All she had to do was wait patiently and play the contrite victim in front of Asher.
When dinner time rolled around, Asher stumbled back to the Langston house, reeking of whiskey. Evelina doted on him, trying to win his favor. "Asher..."
But Asher wasn't having it. He pointed a finger at her, his voice dripping with disdain. "Look at the mess you've made! The Waverlies know all about it and came down on me for not keeping my sister in line. Do you know how embarrassing that was?"
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears. "Asher, I was scammed by the supplier too!"
"Scammed? If you weren't pocketing kickbacks, no one could scam you. This boils down to your own greed and stupidity. Why can't you be more like Lemira? She's managed to geton Mis Amanda's good side and speak in favor of our foundation!"
FindNovels
Asher had heard that Mrs. Amanda was vouching for the Langston foundation, likely due to Lemira's influence.
Evelina lost her composure. "That's because she has the Langston. name. I'm just a chauffeur's
daughter Those society womvel.ne
would never take me seriously." FindNovels
She felt a deep, biting sense of injustice. She had tried so hard.
Asher's face was a mask of frustration. Finally, he turned to Lemira. "With the Waverlies and Mrs. Amanda both speaking up for us, the foundation issue is unde control. We'll just issue a statement saying the problem was due to procurement staff taking kickbacks, which led to the expired products." FindNovels
Lemira's gaze was icy. "So you want the procurement team to take the fall for Evelina?"
"That's never going to happen. I'll tell the police it was Evelina who made the purchases."
Asher was visibly frustrated. "What do you want this time to let Evelina off?"
"This time, I don't want anything. I just want her to face the consequences of her actions."
Lemira was adamant. Surely, Evelina couldn't always escape unscathed?
Asher finally turned to Evelina, resigned. "You see how it is. My hands are tied. I'll hire a good lawyer for you."
"Asher, you can't abandon me like this."
Evelina collapsed to her knees, tears streaming down her face. "I really
understand now. I won't do it again, I promise."
At that moment, there was a noise from the doorway.
A man wheeled himself into the room, his voice cold as ice. "Eve, get up. You
don't need to beg them."
###Chapter 557
Lemira glanced back toward the door, her eyes widening in shock.
It was Evander Langston-he had actually returned.
In her past life, she remembered Evander always staying at Rowan's lab, handling affairs for the pharmaceutical company.
When Evelina saw the man in the wheelchair, her face lit up with joy. She dashed over to him, throwing herself into his arms. "Evander, you're finally back!"
"Yes, I'm back now, and no one can bully you anymore," Evander replied, holding Evelina with a gentle expression.
Evelina spoke softly, "Evander, you're all I have now."
Evander comforted Evelina in a low voice before wheeling himself into the living room, where he stopped in front of Lemira, his expression serious. "What about the promise you made to me before?"
Lemira paused, trying to recall what promise Evander was referring to.
She had promised Evander she would get along with Evelina and take care of her.
Lemira let out a cold laugh, her eyes sharp. "I must have been out of my mind back then."
"Lemira, you owe Evelina a life and me a leg," Evander accused, his voice filled with reproach. "Unless you end up like me, living with a disability, you'll always owe me."
Lemira felt a sharp pain pierce her heart, but she quickly composed herself. "You've got it wrong. Your leg was lost because of the lab fire. The amputation was necessary. How do I owe you a leg?"
"But my leg could have been saved," Evander argued. "You told the doctors to amputate. Now, Rowan's developed a treatment. If my leg had been spared, I'd be cured now."
Lemira found it laughable.
At the time, Evander had been rushed to the hospital, and only she and Evelina were there; the rest of his brothers couldn't make it.
The doctor asked her whether to amputate, warning that his leg was
unsalvageable and his life was at risk.
She chose to amputate to save Evander's life.
Now, they were blaming it all on her.
So that's why Evander disliked her he blamed her for his amputation?
Lemira's gaze was icy. "If I hadn't chosen amputation back then, you'd be six feet under by now. You'd be
relying on dreams from the afterlife of
to reach me." FindNovels
"Lemira, do you still refuse to see your mistake?" Evander's face flushed with anger, shocked at her refusal to admit fault.
Evelina quickly intervened, "Evander, don't get so upset. It's bad for your health."
Hearing Evelina's words, Evander's expression softened considerably.
He turned to her, "You were there too. Did Lemira make the decision to have my leg amputated on her own?"
Evelina lowered her eyes. "Yes, the doctor thought we were too young to decide and wanted our guardian to make the call. I didn't expect Lemmy to sign the consent formson her own content belongs to FindNovels
Evander, feeling justified, declared, "Lemira, you hear that? I haven't wronged
you."
Lemira smirked coldly. "That's
because no one else could make it
in time and the doctor said if a decision wasn't made, you'd dies from blood loss. Didn't Asher know about this too?" FindNovels
She had done it to save Evander's life.
She turned to Asher. "The doctor called you about it, didn't they?"
Asher's face was uneasy. "They did mention it, but I said wait until I got there to decide. What made you think you could sign off on the amputation?"
"In a life-or-death situation, I called you before deciding, but you didn't pick up!"
###Chapter 558
Lemira was fuming, and back then, she was just a kid, scared out of her wits.
On one side was Evander's life, and on the other, his leg.
What choice did she have?
In the end, she took the fall.
Asher frowned and spoke up, "I was already on my way. I didn't get the call because I was caught up with something else."
"But what if you guys hadn't made it in time? What if he died because we didn't amputate?" Lemira retorted.
"That's not possible. The doctors wouldn't just stand by. This is on you, Lemira. You owe Evander," Asher said, shifting all the blame onto Lemira.
Lemira stared coldly at Asher. "That's not what you said back then. You told me to go with the doctor's advice if you couldn't make it in time."
"Lemira, you must've misheard. I said to save his leg, not to just go ahead and amputate," Asher snapped, clearly irritated. "You were young and scared out of your mind. You must've remembered it wrong."
Lemira took a deep breath. She knew Asher would never admit the truth.
The Langstons' selfishness was something she'd seen all too clearly.
She turned to Evander, her voice icy. "I signed because the doctor recommended it. I don't see it as my fault. If you have a problem, take it up with the doctor."
"Lemira, do you really think I'm blaming you unfairly? Even Rowan said amputation wasn't the best option. You didn't push the doctors to try harder, just agreed to the amputation," Evander said, bitterness lacing his words.
Evelina chimed in, her voice sweet but cutting, "Lemira, I've kept quiet all these years, but I have to speak up now. You did suggest the amputation."
Lemira snapped, grabbing Evelina by the chin. "Are you spewing nonsense too?"
"Lemira, let go!" Evander shouted, grabbing his crutch and hitting Lemira's leg with it.
She grimaced in pain, releasing Evelina, and looked down to see a red mark forming on her leg.
Evelina quickly hid behind Evander. "Evander, all I did was speak the truth, and Lemmy got so angry."
"I know, don't worry. I'll protect you," Evander assured her.
He turned on Lemira, furious. "You ruined my leg, and now you want to ruin Eve e too? Believe me, I could
break your feg tog, so you know bow feels! FindNovels
"Stop it."
Alaric rushed in, blocking Evander's crutch. "Evander, you can't just go around
hitting people without knowing the whole story."
Alaric snatched the crutch away and tossed it aside.
Lemira, enduring the pain in her leg, looked at Asher. "No matter what you all say, I'm going to the police. Evelina's kickback scheme is illegal, and i wont let it slide FindNovels
She wouldn't be distracted by their attempts to change the subject.
Asher stayed silent.
Evelina tugged at Evander's arm, her voice sickly sweet. "Evander, I was scammed by the supplier. It wasn't my fault."
Evander turned to Asher. "Are you really just going to stand by?"
Asher spoke coolly, "There's nothing I can do. She got herself into this mess."
He was done cleaning up Evelina's disasters.
Alaric's voice dripped with sarcasm "Evander, Evelina's an outsider. if the cops take her away it won't
Even
affect the Langston family on
belongs to FindNovels.net>
"Who says Eve's an outsider?"
Evander took Evelina's hand. "She's my woman, and we're planning to get
married."
###Chapter 559
This was like dropping a bombshell.
Lemira felt her head spinning. Something wasn't right.
She glanced over at Evelina, who wasn't putting up any fight. In a past life, hadn't Evelina schemed to marry Dorian and become a member of high society?
Why was everything different now?
Asher seemed a bit peeved. "Evander, what are you doing? Everyone knows Eve is our adopted sister. Being with her, aren't you worried people will gossip?"
He knew Evander had a thing for Evelina back in the day, but he thought after all these years, Evander would have moved on.
Evelina kept her head down, silent.
Right now, the only person she could rely on was Evander.
Her dad hadn't been in touch, and she couldn't count on him entirely. She needed a backup plan.
Luckily, Evander still had feelings for her.
Evander spoke up, "Eve's just an adopted sister. She's not related to the Langston family by blood. I've liked her for years. If I hadn't hurt my leg, I wouldn't have
waited this long to say it."
Lemira found it all a bit odd.
Based on what she knew about Evelina, the "two-faced" girl had no interest in the Langston family. She wanted to marry into wealth and live the high life.
Why would she agree to be with Evander now?
Unless it was to dodge the scandal with the foundation kickbacks. The "two-faced" girl would do anything to save herself.
Asher looked conflicted. "This doesn't seem right."
"There's nothing wrong about it. Eve and I like each other," Evander insisted.
Asher glanced at Evelina, surprised. "But wasn't she seeing that guy from the Draven family?"
Evelina quickly clarified, "I've broken up with Dorian. He was just fooling me with what he said before."
Of course, she wasn't about to admit she was still secretly seeing Dorian.
Asher wasn't buying the "two-faced" girl's story.
Lemira also thought the excuse was a bit flimsy.
But Evander turned to her. "Lemira, Eve's going to be your sister-in-law soon, part of the Langston family. You can't be so ruthless to your own family, can you?" FindNovels
Lemira clapped her hands, her expression unchanged. "Well, this is quite the show!"
She never expected Evelina to pull something like this.
She wanted to tell Evander she had
already signed papers severing ties with the Langston family, so she couldn't care less who Evelina ended up with. FindNovels
But that was before.
She was back with the Langston family to expose whoever was backing Evelina. Quitting now would mean all her efforts were wasted.
Lemira said flatly, "What's it got to do with me? I'm not the one getting married to her."
"Lemira, if you agree to let this go, then we can forget about you authorizing my amputation all those years ago."
Evander's tone was self-righteous.
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears as she choked out, "Evander, how can I let
you suffer for my mistake? I should just accept the punishment."
"No, Eve. I won't let you face the police. I'll protect you, I promise."
Evander clutched Evelina's hand, full of affection.
He turned to Lemira. "So, have you made up your mind?"
Lemira didn't respond. She couldn't believe Evander was into Evelina.
But then Alaric, standing by her side, spoke up. "Exander, what are you talking about? Your amputation had nothing to do with Lemira. It was Asher who didn't want to take responsibility. He ignored Lemira's caffs, forcing her to sign the paperwork for your amputation." FindNovels
Alaric's words were like another bomb going off.
Lemira was stunned. "Is that true?"
She had always wondered why, in such a dire situation, Asher wouldn't pick up his phone. It didn't add up.
Asher knew Evander was in surgery. What could be more important than his own brother's life?
"It's true, alright. Lucian told me himself. There's no way it's false."
Lemira turned to Asher, her eyes filled with disdain.
Her look infuriated Asher, who hurled a glass at Alaric. "What nonsense are you
spouting? I never did anything like that!"
###Chapter 560
Lemira let out a bitter laugh. "Why not just call Lucian and confront him directly?"
She dialed Lucian's number, but there was no answer. Still, she was almost certain Alaric was onto something.
Alaric, brimming with righteous anger, glared at Asher. "Asher, did I say anything wrong?"
Asher, feeling a pang of guilt, stammered, "You misunderstood. I was just telling Lucian that I regretted missing Lemira's call, which led to Evander losing his leg."
Lemira shot back, "And if you'd answered the call?"
Asher hesitated. "Well, then it would have been a serious decision to make."
"And what if not amputating meant he would die?"
Asher was at a loss for words. The only answer was the obvious one: amputation to save a life. But he couldn't bring himself to say it out loud.
Finally, Asher protested, "Who could have known what would happen back then?"
"Exactly, who could have known? Yet everyone blames me. Is that fair?"
Lemira raised her voice, "I'm making it clear today. I will make sure the foundation holds Evelina accountable. Let's see if she's as invincible as she thinks!"
With that, Lemira stormed upstairs, leaving the room in an awkward silence.
Alaric sneered at Asher, "You've really let us down, Asher. I'm going to contact Lucian and make sure he clears up the truth about what happened back then. Lemira shouldn't take the fall."
"How dare you speak to me like that?" Asher was both nervous and defensive, realizing that everyone seemed to be siding with Lemira against him. Did the truth even matter after all these years?
Once Alaric left, only three people remained in the room.
Evander approached Asher. "Asher, I've finally managed to be with the person I love. Do you really want to see Eve caught up in a lawsuit?"
Asher glanced at Evelina. "Has she truly agreed to be with you and marry you?"
Asher felt guilty about Evander's disability. Over the years, he'd done everything to make up for it. But he never expected Evander to fall for Evelina.
Evander smiled, "Eve agreed. That's why I came back."
"But what if she's lying?"
Asher wasn't naive. He'd noticed Evelina changing, becoming more manipulative and ambitious. While these weren't necessarily bad traits, using family to escape
accountability was something Ashe couldn't stand. FindNovels
Evander took Evelina's hand. "Eve isn't like that."
Evelina lowered her eyes, speaking softly, "Asher, I've been through so much, and it's made me realize how good Evander is to me. I truly know I was wrong. Please, help me."
She believed Asher could find a way, perhaps by reaching out to the Waverlies. But knowing Asher's pride, Evelina doubted he would humble himself for her.
So, she had Evander brought back.
Asher finally sighed, rubbing his temples. "Let me think about it."
He stood and walked away.
Once Asher was gone, Evelina pulled her hand away, forcing a smile. "Evander, you just got back. Why don't you rest a bit? I'll go see what's cooking in the kitchen."
Freed from Evander's presence, Evelina headed to the kitchen, washing her hands over and over. The last thing she wanted was to marry someone disabled. She was merely using Evander.
She quickly attempted to contact her father, but his phone was off. She couldn't reach him at all.
"Damn it," she muttered. "Can Dad even sort this out?"
The next morning, Lemira was woken by her phone ringing. It was Debby on the other end, apologizing. "Sorry to bother you so early, but
there's an issue with one of the foundation's suppliers." FindNovels
"Did someone die again?" Lemira asked instinctively.
"No, but the supplier's been caught in a scandal for kickbacks with various foundations They've been arrested And we spotted that car from the dealership at the supplier's place and got a picture of the driver." FindNovels
"Send me the photo."
Lemira's heart pounded with anticipation.
###Chapter 561
Lemira never imagined she'd actually stumble upon a clue by just waiting for the right moment.
It seemed her decision to head back to the Langston family and pressure Evelina to slip up was spot on.
"Ms. Langston, the person in the photo looks different from the previous ones."
Lemira had also received the photos Debby sent over. The middle-aged man behind the wheel wasn't Evelina's father.
But seeing as it was another car from that dealership, it suggested a connection between Evelina's father and this man.
The clues were piling up, and it seemed like Lemira was getting closer to the truth.
She whispered, "Keep digging."
She didn't say much more. After all, they were at the Langston estate, and it was best to tread carefully.
"Ms. Langston, there's a scandal brewing with the suppliers about kickbacks, and several foundations are caught up in it, including Ms. Sinclair with Aurora Trust. The Waverlies are trying to keep the media quiet, but it's still causing quite a stir."
"I see."
After she hung up, Lemira felt this wasn't just a coincidence; someone had orchestrated this.
With everyone entangled in this mess, no one would focus on the fake sanitary pads scandal involving the Langston family.
Could it have been Asher?
But the Waverlies got dragged into this too. Was Asher really not afraid of upsetting them?
As Lemira freshened up and headed downstairs, she heard Asher in a heated argument, “Evander, have you lost your mind? You've involved so many families. Can our Langston family really afford to cross them?"
"Asher, my strategy was to pull the rug out from under everyone. This way, no one will dare laugh at the Langston family over expired sanitary products. After all, no one's hands are clean now."
"And you didn't think to discuss this with me first?"
Asher was furious.
Evelina stood beside Evander, trying to calm things down. "Asher, don't be mad. Evander did it for my sake. He's still getting used to things around here in Orvin and made a mistake. FindNovels
Deep down, Evelina was relieved. Unable to reach her father, she was thankful Evander stepped in to handle the situation.
Asher, being married into the Waverlies, figured they wouldn't make a big fuss over this.
But Asher, already on edge, swung his hand and slapped Evelina. "This mess is all your doing, and you still have the nerve to speak?"
Asher regretted entrusting Evelina with the foundation's responsibilities. At least Lemira wouldn't have been foolish enough to take kickbacks.
Lemira watched the drama unfold from the staircase, finally making her way down.
She knew it couldn't have been Asher orchestrating this, especially with the Waverlies involved.
Evander stood protectively in front of Evelina, wearing a concerned expression.
Evelina hid in Evander's embrace, unable to argue, as the evidence was irrefutable.
She blamed Lemira for everything. If it weren't for her attending that charity event, none of this would have come to light.
"Asher, there's no need for violence. Did you forget Evelina's father died saving your parents? Our Langston family owes her that much!"
Asher was taken aback and momentarily speechless.
He had often used those words against others, especially Lemira, but hearing
them turned back on him today felt unsettling.
He couldn't argue against it, leaving him both angry and frustrated.
Asher adjusted his tie, catching a glimpse of Lemira standing on the stairs, which only fueled his anger. "Lemra, you're enjoying the show, aren't you? This is all your doing! FindNovels
"What did do? Was it me taking kickbacks and buying expired sanitary pads, or was itme exposing the suppliers kickbacks with the
foundations?" FindNovels
Lemira's words were sharp, leaving Asher at a loss for words.
###Chapter 562
It wasn't Lemira who caused all this mess. It was Evelina.
Asher felt like his brain was being put through a blender, slowly piecing together
the truth. But before he could speak, Evander jumped in.
“Lemira, stop pretending to be the good guy here. All these moves in the foundation are pretty much standard. You're just using this as an excuse to go after Eve, aren't you?"
Lemira found the whole situation laughable. "Evelina broke the law. That's a fact.”
"Is this really worth making such a fuss about? You're just targeting Eve on purpose. She's going to be your sister-in-law, and I won't let you treat her badly!" Lemira chuckled bitterly. There was no point arguing with someone so oblivious. "Save it for the police," Lemira said, not wanting to waste any more words.
Evander sneered. "Do you really think you can threaten Eve? The supplier already admitted to switching the expired tampons on his own. Eve just took a little kickback. It's not a big deal."
Lemira gritted her teeth. He wasn't entirely wrong, but she wasn't about to let Evelina get away with it. "It's not up to me. The police will handle it."
With that, Lemira left the Langston family mansion.
Evelina shot a venomous glare at Lemira's retreating figure. One day, she'd make sure to get rid of that woman. But for now, she needed to protect herself.
"Evander, it's all my fault for causing this mess and making you and Asher argue," Evelina whimpered.
"Eve, you're my fiancée. Of course, I'll stand by you. Asher will understand," Evander reassured her, glancing at Asher. After all, it was Asher's negligence that led to his leg amputation, forcing Lemira to sign the consent form.
Both Lemira and Asher owed him.
Asher snorted in frustration, storming out. How had he not realized before how foolish and malicious Evelina was? He'd hoped to use Evelina to keep Lemira in line, but she turned out to be more trouble than she was worth.
Asher drove off, spotting Lemira walking by the roadside. He rolled down his window. "Need a ride?"
Lemira, deep in thought, looked up with a cold expression. "I'm heading to school."
"Get in, I'll take you."
"No thanks, I'll just hail a cab."
Lemira was in no mood to see anyone from the Langston family.
Asher was still fuming, but he softened, thinking about the trouble Evelina had caused. "I know Evelina messed up. I won't let her meddle in foundation affairs again."
Lemira remained expressionless.
Asher persisted, "Evander's changed a lot since his injury. It's taken him so long to find someone he cares about. Can't you let this go, for his sake?"
Lemira lowered her gaze, not surprised that Asher was pleading for Evelina. With a sarcastic smile,
she said, Instead of asking me you should get Evelina a good lawyer." FindNovels
She flagged down a cab, ready to leave.
Asher couldn't help but try one last time. "If you let this go, I'll make sure the Sinclair family agrees to let the Langston foundation join the charity alliance. It'll benefit the foundation your parents started." FindNovels
Lemira paused, considering his offer.

Seeing her hesitation, Asher pressed on. "It's a good deal, right? You can't achieve this on your own."
Lemira turned to face him, her gaze icy. "Fine, but I have one condition." "What is it?"
"You feel guilty about Evander's amputation, right?"
Her lips curled into a cold smile. "Admit to Evander that you deliberately ignored the calls back then, just to avoid taking the blame for the amputation. Do that, and I'II agree to your terms." FindNovels
Asher's face twisted with rage.
###Chapter 563
Lemira felt a flicker of satisfaction as she watched Asher's expression darken.
It seemed she had guessed right.
Back in the day, Asher had shirked responsibility for Evander's injury by conveniently ignoring her calls.
Even though Alaric had exposed him, Asher's stubborn nature would never let him admit it.
Now, if he wanted her to back off for Evander's sake, to let Evelina go, surely Asher should make some sacrifices too.
Asher swallowed his frustration. "Lemira, it's been years. Is it really necessary to keep bringing this up? I can offer you something else as compensation."
Oh, trying to dodge the issue, is he?
"I don't need any other compensation."
Lemira spoke with an edge in her voice. "Mr. Asher, you always said we're all part of the Langstons. Sacrificing a bit for family is no big deal, right? Well, now it's your turn."
He had been so eloquent when pushing her to make sacrifices. Now, she was curious to see if Asher could live up to his own grand words.
Asher's grip tightened on his chair. "Haven't I sacrificed enough for the Langston family?"
"Well, that's what you were supposed to do," Lemira retorted. "Besides, Evelina's father has done a lot for the family. Sacrificing a little is nothing, right? You said it yourself, we should repay our debts."
Asher almost choked on his own fury. He had indeed said those things but never intended to apply them to himself.
Lemira's smile was tinged with mockery. "That's my condition. Before the police officially investigate, you'd better give me an answer."
With that, she turned on her heel and got into her car, leaving Asher fuming and cursing as he watched her drive away.
He was seething. "I just don't get it. Is Lemira really my sister? Why does she always make things so difficult for me?"
Hogan, sitting in the front seat, turned around. "Boss, it wasn't Ms. Langston who caused the trouble, but she's the one who always has to give in. Anyone would be upset."
Hogan had been assigned to keep an eye on Asher, ensuring he didn't do anything harmful to Lemira.
Asher fell silent.
Hogan continued, "Boss, since Ms. Langston is your real sister, it seems a bit odd how you treat Evelina."
"You don't understand."
Asher's head throbbed at the
thought of Evelina's situation. Somet
many years had passed and now Evander had feelings for Evelina, complicating matters further. 
Lemira headed straight to the gym, changed clothes, and unleashed her frustration on a punching bag.
If it weren't for the need to expose the people behind Evelina, she would have severed ties with the Langstons completely today.
But without pinpointing Evelina's father, she had to bide her time.
Lemira felt stifled, her mind plagued by
es of a past life. She
couldn't
l.ne
believe Evander actually
liked Evelina. Did Asher like her 100
"Do you want to injure yourself?"
A cool voice broke through her thoughts. Someone had stopped the punching bag.
Lemira, panting, looked up, and a wave of relief washed over her as she saw Orion. "You're back?"
She knew Orion had been away on business and hadn't told him about the Langston drama.
Seeing him now made her genuinely happy.
She moved forward, hugging him tightly and playfully wiping her sweat on his crisp white shirt.
Orion noticed but didn't mind her antics.
He embraced her, and they stood in silence, savoring the peace of the moment.
Resting against him, the familiar scent of him calmed her, easing the turmoil in her mind.
She closed her eyes, the earlier chaos in her heart settling into tranquility.
She truly loved this man.
Orion felt his own spirits lift. During his trip, Lemira had never been far from his thoughts.
He had heard about the Langston situation from Debby and rushed back as soon as he could.
Yet Lemira had kept everything to herself.
He
her stubborn nature
and her determination but couldn't help but feel a pang of concern for the burden she bore alone. 
###Chapter 564
Orion couldn't help but sigh, "What's got you down?"
"It's the whole Langston family mess," Lemira replied, clinging to him like he was her lifeline, her ear pressed against his chest, listening to the steady rhythm of his heartbeat.
Seeing her mood, Orion didn't press further. He let her hold on, offering silent support.
Eventually, Lemira calmed down and released her grip, glancing up at him with a touch of embarrassment. She reached up and playfully pinched his cheek. Even after a couple of days apart, he still looked as handsome as ever, a sight for sore
eyes.
Orion took her hand, gently removing her gloves and giving her wrist a soft massage. "Don't grip so hard next time, you'll hurt your wrist."
"How did you know?"
"I watched for a while," he admitted.
After landing, Orion had immediately called Lemira, but when she didn't answer, he asked around and found out she was at the gym. He'd seen her furiously pounding the punching bag and knew something was up. Rather than interrupt, he let her work it out until she was spent.
Lemira lay back on the mat, watching as Orion used a massage gun to relax her muscles. She enjoyed the attention guilt-free.
An hour later, he set the tool aside and looked at her. "Hungry?"
"A little."
"What do you feel like eating? If you're not sure, we could head over to Bistrova." Bistrova was Orion's favorite spot. Lemira nodded, then remembered something. "Oh, I haven't told you-our dorm got a new roommate recently."
"Right, you mentioned she had some mobility issues."
Orion suddenly paused, eyes narrowing as he looked at her. "Is she with the Waverlies?"
"You're sharp. It just so happens our new roommate is Ms. Lemira Waverly, Asher's fiancée."
At first, Lemira hadn't thought much of it. After all, there are plenty of Waverlys- Janice for one. But such was fate.
Orion's expression turned cautious. "What are the Waverlies up to?"
"I'm not sure. Debby suggested they might be trying to get me to connect with them, build a rapport. But things with the Langstons went south so fast."
Orion agreed with Debby's assessment.
"I'll be careful," Lemira assured him. "I'll try to keep my distance from the new roommate."
The last thing she needed was another public debacle.
Orion handed her a water bottle. "But that's not what's really bothering you, is it?"
"It's the foundation," Lemira confessed, detailing the recent events.
Orion had heard bits from Debby, but the latest Langston family drama was new to him. He was taken aback. Evanders got a thing for Evelina? Did he lose part of his mind along with his leg?" 
Evelina wasn't his idea of a catch.
Lemira sipped her water. "I can't be sure, but think I know why. Since his injury, Evander's been withdrawn, and Evelina's good at playing sweet and attentive. Makes her stand out, I guess." 
Orion looked unimpressed. "Wasn't Evelina trying to snag Dorian? Now she's after your Evander?"
"Evelina's always had a trail of admirers. She's relentless with Dorian, and handling someone like Evander is a breeze for her."
Evelina's ive was clear: marry into wealth.
"If it weren't for figuring out who's behind Evelina, I wouldn't tolerate her antics," Lemira admitted.
"Got any leads?"
Lemira nodded, spotting Debby hesitating at the entrance, laptop in hand. Blushing, Lemira stood up. "I asked Debby to meet us to discuss this."
Debby finally approached, setting her laptop on the table. "Ms. Langston, we've found a connection. The person has ties to Evelina's father, theyre from the same. hometown and are actually related.' 
Lemira's expression grew serious. "Go on."
###Chapter 565
Lemira knew that with more clues, they'd eventually uncover the truth.
Debby continued, "This guy, in terms of family ties, is Evelina's second cousin once removed, and also Evelina's father's own cousin."
Second cousins?
"Did you find any clues about Evelina's father?"
"That's the strange part. We've been keeping an eye on this guy. He works as a mechanic at a car dealership, lives in the dorms, and rarely goes out. A lifelong bachelor like him has a pretty simple social life."
Lemira felt a twinge of disappointment. So, no trace of Evelina's father then.
Orion squeezed Lemira's hand. "Don't stress too much. Now that we've found someone, finding Evelina's father is just a matter of time."
"I know, I just feel a bit anxious and nervous."
Lemira started with a hunch, but unraveling the mystery led her closer to Evelina's father.
Calming herself, Lemira said, "If Evelina's father is just an ordinary guy, why would he dare to kill someone and install anti-hacking software on Evelina's phone? That's not something a normal person would do."
It was peculiar, indeed.
Orion pondered, "If he's bold enough to kill, and he's done it more than once, then
he's definitely way more cautious than the average person."
"Yeah, how did someone like that end up as my parents' driver?"
The car accident seemed suspicious to Lemira.
The driver was definitely a problem.
Orion felt a surge of determination. "We'll get to the bottom of this, hang tight."
He was willing to go to any lengths to uncover the truth.
Lemira nodded. "It's just a shame that Evander got involved with the foundation business this time. Otherwise, Evelina's backers might have shown themselves, giving us more clues."
But she wasn't going to give up.
Orion looked at her. "But about the driver, it's been years. You'll have to ask someone from the Langston family."
Lemira knew that the only person she could ask now was Lucian.
Asher's fondness for Evelina might lead him to do something rash.
Since Lucian managed all the family affairs, he was bound to know something.
But Lucian was undergoing surgery, and she needed to ask in person to avoid complications.
She couldn't afford any slip-ups; if Evelina's father caught wind of anything, he would surely flee.
Lemira couldn't take that risk; every step had to be cautious.
Seeing Lemira's expression, Orion
quieted, "Let's eat f
on to trust the PRnet
You
capabilities." 
Debby quickly chimed in, "Ms. Langston, leave this to us."
In reality, without the Everhart heir's involvement, the PR team wouldn't stand a chance.
After changing, Lemira and Orion headed to Bistrova for dinner.
As they stepped out of the car, they ran into familiar faces.
Lemira spotted Evander in a wheelchair with Evelina, laughing as they
approached the entrance of Bistrova.
Evander, noticing Lemira, frowned immediately. "What are you doing here?"
Lemira responded nonchalantly, "Just here for dinner."
"Lemira, did you find out Asher's meeting with the Waverlies today, so you came here to cause trouble?"
Evander couldn't help but look disapprovingly at Lemira, bothered by her treatment of the girl he liked.
Lemira chuckled, realizing Asher indeed sought out the Waverlies for Evander's sake.
Clearly, Asher felt guilty about what happened with the amputation back then.
Evelina quickly interjected, "Lemmy, I know you're still upset with me, but you can't just ignore Asher and Evanger's efforts. If you cause trouble and offend the Waverlies, it could affect the Langston family." 
Evelina didn't want Lemira to stir up trouble.
This was Evander's doing, and her father aside from silencing people, wasn't much help with a
sws
else.
Lemira sneered, "I'm not interested in your Langston family affairs."
She turned, taking Orion's hand, and together they headed toward Bistrova's entrance.
Seeing this, Evelina called out in frustration, "Lemmy, without Asher's permission, you can't get in."
###Chapter 566
Evander rolled up in his wheelchair, a smug look on his face. "Lemira, is this the broke boyfriend you've been hiding? Don't embarrass us Langstons by parading him around. Dump him, and I'll get you into The Silver Spoon today."
"Yeah, Lemmy, The Silver Spoon is exclusive. Only the elite get to dine there," chimed in Evelina, her nose in the air.
Orion just smirked, his voice dripping with disdain. "It's just The Silver Spoon. What's the big deal?"
Evander sneered. "Big talk, but do you even have a membership?"
Orion shrugged nonchalantly. "No."
Did he really need one? He was one of the shareholders.
Evelina covered her mouth in a mock gasp. "No membership, no entry, Lemmy! Didn't you inform your boyfriend? How embarrassing!"
Just then, the manager of The Silver Spoon bustled out with his staff.
Evelina strutted forward confidently. "Must be Asher's doing, sending a welcoming committee for us."
After all, Asher owed Evander a favor and was bound to treat him well.
The manager, however, brushed past Evelina, setting up two rows of staff at the entrance as if awaiting someone important.
Evelina, pushed aside, pouted at Evander. "Evander, that hurt!"
Evander exploded at the manager. "Are you blind? Asher set you up to treat us like this?"
He, too, had assumed these people were there for him, thanks to Evelina's remark.
But the manager simply glanced at Evander with disdain and wheeled him aside. Flushed with anger, Evander shouted, "You'll regret this when Asher finds out!" How dare they treat him like this!
Evelina was equally baffled. If they weren't here for Evander, then who?
The once-haughty manager now stood respectfully before Orion and Lemira, gesturing them inside with a courteous, "This way, please."
Orion barely acknowledged the gesture, unfazed by the grand reception as if it were an everyday affair.
Lemira kept her cool, too. She knew
the deference shown to Orion was
actually due to Thaddeus's
influenc
But seeing the Langstons,
get a taste of their own medrone
was satisfying. 
l.ne
Linking her arm with Orion's, Lemira threw a glance at the stranded Evander and Evelina. "Do you guys have a membership?" 
Evelina gritted her teeth. "Asher does."
"Oh, but without one yourselves, and with Asher busy with the Waverlies, I doubt he'll have time to fetch you in," Lemira replied, watching their faces turan amusing shade of green before she waltzed inside with Orion. 
Orion shot a meaningful look at the manager, who quickly understood his cue.
"No membership, no entry," the manager declared firmly.
Even though Asher had given instructions, when the heir of the Everhart family spoke, nobody dared to disobey.
Evelina felt utterly humiliated. "Evander, call Asher now!"
Evander obeyed, but Asher's phone went unanswered, leaving them stuck outside.
Meanwhile, Lemira was doubled over with laughter in the private room upstairs. Orion opened the window, pulling Lemira over. "Take another look."
From this vantage point, they could see Evander and Evelina shivering alone in the cold outside.
Lemira couldn't help but chuckle with delight.
Orion gently wiped the tears of laughter from her eyes. "Feeling better now?" "Absolutely, that was cathartic."
Lemira met Orion's gaze, her heart skipping a beat as the space between them shrank.
Just as she turned away, feeling it too intimate by the window, she noticed another group arriving at the entrance.
"Mrs. Amanda?" she exclaimed, surprised.
###Chapter 567
Lemira not only spotted Mrs. Amanda, but she also noticed that Sophia was standing right there beside her.
Orion felt a chill run down his spine the moment he heard the name.
He turned his head, and sure enough, there was his stepmother with Sophia, both appearing at the entrance of the Bistrova Café.
Orion's gaze lingered for a moment before he turned back to Lemira. "Let's just enjoy our meal."
He had already made it very clear to his stepmother and Sophia. He had never agreed to the engagement with Sophia before, and now, with Lemira in his life, he certainly wasn't going to agree.
Lemira followed Orion back into their booth.
She thought for a moment and said, "With the supplier bribery scandal, and the charity foundation led by Ms. Sinclair facing backlash, the Langston family might be in hot water."
That's exactly why Asher had arranged to meet with the Waverlies today for dinner.
Orion was aware of the situation. "Don't worry. Since everyone's getting dragged into this mess, what right do they have to look down on the foundation that Uncle and Aunt started?"
Uncle and Aunt?
Lemira glanced up at him, feeling a warm rush of gratitude.
She decided she had to introduce Orion to her parents by Christmas.
To her, the Langston family brothers weren't really family. But Orion was different.
Orion had already figured out how to handle the situation, ensuring the foundation wouldn't cause Lemira any trouble.
If only they could find out who was behind Evelina, he'd sort that out too.
Just then, Orion's phone buzzed. It was Thaddeus calling.
He handed the menu to Lemira. "Pick something you like. I need to take this."
Orion stepped out to the small balcony outside their private room, leaning on the railing. "What's up?"
"Did you use my name again for a date at Bistrova? My aunt just called me, saving someone undermy name went there, and caused trouble for the Langston family, blocking them at the door." 'FindNovel.net
Orion's voice was icy. "They needed a little lesson."
"Okay, but that's not the main thing. Asher invited my aunt to Bistrova, probably to sort out the foundation's kickback scandal. The Langston family sure stirred the pot by exposing this and made quite a enemies." 
er
Orion was critical of the situation. "Ms. Waverly isn't even your aunt's daughter. Why is she getting involved?"
"My aunt feels for Stella. You know the Waverlies business is run by the second family now. After George and his heir passed a few years ago, only Stella and her little brother from the second wife remain. My aunt feels she has to help them out." 
Thaddeus was implying his aunt was acting out of loyalty to Stella.
Orion's tone was indifferent. "I don't care about that. If the Waverlies interfere with Lemira's situation, they shouldn't expect any mercy."
Thaddeus paused. "What exactly happened?"
Orion gave him a brief rundown of the events.
Thaddeus cursed, "The Langston family has some nerve. To even consider someone as vicious as Evelina, they must be desperate. Alright, I'll know how to explain this to my aunt."
Orion hung up and returned to their booth, his sharp demeanor softened considerably.
The food had already been served.
Lemira looked up at him. "I saw you were still on the phone, so I went ahead and ordered."
"Good, let's eat."
Orion sat down and began serving Lemira some food.
"Was Thaddeus calling about those two people who were blocked at the door?"
"Yeah, don't worry. They're not getting in."
Lemira felt a wave of relief. "But I still wonder what the Waverlies will do. They're likely to side with Asher."
If the Waverlies decided to target the foundation, things could get really tricky.
###Chapter 568
"Thaddeus is definitely going to clear things up with her aunt," Orion reassured.
Lemira raised an eyebrow, puzzled. "What's Thaddeus's aunt got to do with this?" "Thaddeus's aunt married into the Waverly family and now runs everything over there," Orion explained, breaking down the Waverly family tree for her.
Lemira had always assumed Stella was the rightful heir to the Waverly legacy, but it turned out the second wife and her family had taken control of everything.
"I thought Asher had invited Stella's stepmother today, but it turns out it's Edith."
"Stella's stepmother, from what I've heard, comes from a modest background. She rarely socializes and spends her days at home with the kids, not involving herself in the company's affairs—let alone Stella's issues."
Lemira nodded, understanding that a widowed stepmother with little influence wouldn't have much say in Stella's matters.
Halfway through their meal, Lemira's phone buzzed incessantly.
She glanced at it-Asher was calling. "I bet he's found out I'm in Bistrova too," she said.
Orion looked at her thoughtfully. "See what he wants."
Lemira nodded, picking up the call and putting it on speaker. Asher's voice came through, "Lemira, I heard you're in Bistrova. I invited Mrs. Waverly for dinner to discuss the foundation. You should join us and have a word with her."
Talk to Mrs. Waverly? Lemira wondered what Asher was up to.
She exchanged a glance with Orion but didn't respond immediately.
Asher continued, "Lemira, I know you're not fond of the Langston family, but networking in Orvin can only help you. Besides, I've already set things up with Mrs. Waverly. You won't need to do anything."
Lemira could hear the imploring tone in Asher's voice; it seemed he was the one in need of her presence.
Could it be Mrs. Waverly herself wanted to meet her?
"Alright, I'll come over shortly," Lemira agreed.
"Great, we're in the private room," Asher replied, sounding relieved as he ended the call.
"I guess Mrs. Waverly wants to see me," Lemira mused to Orion.
Orion nodded, suspecting Thaddeus had a part in this. "I'll go with you he offered, despite the risk of Mrs. Waverly recognizing him. He didn't want Lemira to face any trouble alone. 
"No need," Lemira insisted. "Mrs. Waverly's interest is in me. If anything comes up, I'll call you."
Orion gave her a long, searching look. "Alright, then."
With that settled, Lemira left the room with her phone in hand, while Orion quickly contacted Thaddeus to get more details.
As Lemira stepped out and took the elevator down, she unexpectedly ran into Sophia.
Sophia's surprise mirrored Lemira's. "Ms. Langston, fancy seeing you here. Are you dining with friends?"
Sophia could easily guess who Lemira was with. After all, Bistrova wasn't just any place.
Lemira admitted openly, "Yes, I'm here with my boyfriend."
The mention of a boyfriend made
Sophia's nails dig into her palms, the
pain spreading through her body. She had grown up with Orion ever imagining his girlfriend wouldnt be her 
Noticing Sophia's discomfort, Lemira asked, "Ms. Sinclair, are you alright?"
"I'm fine. Ms. Langston, was your relationship with your boyfriend
lave match? I'm so envious et
must be really close." 
Lemira nodded, smiling. "Yes, we are."
Sophia could barely stand the sight of Lemira's happiness, a sharp pang in her
heart.
In a moment of impulse, Sophia blurted out, "Do you even know who your boyfriend really is?"
###Chapter 569
Lemira heard the words and felt utterly confused, like she was trying to read a map upside down.
She chuckled softly, "Ms. Sinclair, I know my boyfriend better than anyone."
No one needed to tell her about Orion's character. She had seen enough to make her own judgments.
Sophia had a lot she wanted to say, the truth was right there on the tip of her tongue, but she held back.
If she were to reveal Orion's true identity, it couldn't be done so bluntly.
Otherwise, wouldn't it just be a gift dropped in Lemira's lap?
Imagine any girl finding out her boyfriend is the heir to the Everhart fortune. She'd be over the moon!
At that point, Lemira would cling on even tighter.
That was far from what Sophia wanted.
Lemira watched Sophia's expression change, "What is it you really want to say?"
"Nothing, really. I was just speaking out of turn."
Sophia masked her intentions with a seemingly innocent gaze, but if the charity gala mishap didn't cause Lemira any trouble, she'd have to come up with another strategy.
They stepped out of the elevator together, surprisingly heading in the same direction until they stood outside the same private dining room.
Sophia looked at her in surprise, "You're here too?"
"Yes, what a coincidence. Are you also here to see Mrs. Waverly?"
"Indeed."
Sophia pushed the door open and walked in, with Lemira following behind. As she entered, she noticed Asher and a distinguished-looking lady sitting at the head of the table-Mrs. Waverly, presumably.
As for Evander and Evelina, they were probably still being held up at the entrance.
Sophia moved comfortably to Mrs. Waverly's side, engaging her in conversation like an old friend.
Lemira didn't rush over. Without understanding Mrs. Waverly's intentions, she preferred to keep her distance.
Asher quickly approached Lemira, whispering, "You should go over and say hello."
Lemira replied quietly, "What's Mrs. Waverly's angle here?"
"No angle, really. She just wants to meet you. Go over and toast her. See how Ms. Sinclair is handling it?"
Asher seemed a bit exasperated, "You're so assertive at home, but out here you're hesitant?"
Lemira's patience was wearing thin, and Asher's eagerness to please left her uneasy.
With a look of mild disdain, she glanced at Asher.
Asher caught on, his expression hardening as he fell silent.
Finally, Mrs. Waverly turned her attention to Lemira, "Is this Ms. Langston? I've heard so much about you."
Lemira lifted her glass with a smile, "Mrs. Waverly."
"I didn't realize you and Thaddeus were so close. He never mentioned it before."
Mrs. Waverly's words were probing. Thaddeus had personally called her about the foundation issue, asking her to lend a hand to Lemira and to stay out of the Langston family matters 
Thaddeus wasn't known for being this altruistic. Had he taken a liking to Lemira?
Lemira answered calmly, "Mr. Draven and I are friends."
And that was all she said, not wanting to drag Orion into the conversation.
Mrs. Waverly seemed a bit put off. She'd asked directly, but Lemira remained tight-lipped.
Noticing the tension, Sophia quickly intervened, "Mrs. Waverly, Ms. Langston is quite straightforward, as Mrs. Amanda often says."
"Mrs. Amanda knows Ms. Langston?"
"Yes, she does. Mrs. Amanda even vouched for Ms. Langston to get a club membership. She's quite fond of her. But there was a
misunderstanding with a supplier at the club, which led to Ms. Langston's removal from the Aurora Trust. Now that the supplier issue has escalated, we found out Ms. Langston was actually innocent." 
After Sophia's explanation, Mrs. Waverly was surprised that Lemira could garner Mrs. Amanda's support.
Out of respect for Mrs. Amanda, she decided not to make things difficult for Lemira.
Mrs. Waverly turned to Asher, "Your sister seems quite capable, having so many people willing to speak for her. So why go through all this trouble to invite me for dinner?" 
Asher looked a bit awkward, "Mrs. Waverly, my sister is young and naive, and I..."
###Chapter 570
"Since Mrs. Amanda's here, I've got to go over and say hello," Mrs. Waverly announced, not even waiting for Asher to finish his sentence. She stood up and walked off with Sophia, leaving just the two of them in the room.
Asher immediately turned to Lemira, his voice tinged with disbelief. "I never realized you were so close with Thaddeus. And Mrs. Amanda even had Sophia speak on your behalf."
He was just now coming to terms with the fact that he might have underestimated his sister all along.
Lemira remained composed. "If there's nothing else, I'm leaving."
She wasn't in the mood to explain.
"Lemira, I'm not done talking. Hold on!" Asher called out, a bit anxious, but then softened his tone, considering Lemira's connections. "Lemira, we're still family, aren't we? This time, no one will hold the Langston family responsible. Do you really have to keep making things difficult for Eve?"
Lemira's gaze turned icy. "The conditions for not holding Evelina accountable were made very clear."
Unless Asher admitted in front of Evander that he had deliberately avoided responsibility by not answering the phone after the fire that led to the amputation, she wasn't backing down.
"Lemira, do you have to drag my reputation through the mud? I'm Asher, for crying out loud. Am I supposed to apologize and admit wrongdoing to my brother?"
Asher had always had a strong sense of pride, especially in front of his siblings.
If he conceded, what would become of his authority as Asher?
With a b***, Orion burst into the room. His face was stern as he pushed Asher aside. "Back then, you dodged responsibility and let Lemira take the blame for years. After everything she's endured for you, you dare talk about reputation?"
Orion's words cut deep.
Asher muttered, "You're an outsider. You have no right to meddle in Langston family affairs."
"He's not an outsider. To me, you are," Lemira retorted, fiercely protective of Orion.
Asher was fuming. "Lemira, don't think that knowing a few people changes who you are. If you weren't Ms. Langston, would Thaddeus or Mrs. Amanda even care about you?"
Lemira was getting ahead of herself, he thought.
Orion's voice was icy. "But even if you tried to stick close, they wouldn't care about you."
Asher's face turned a shade of green with anger.
Lemira took Orion's hand. "Sure, Evander's mess is cleaned up, but I'll still pursue the matter with my foundation."
She wasn't about to let Evelina off the hook that easily.
Asher was visibly shaken. "Lemira, do you really want to disgrace me?"
Orion picked up a glass from the table and hurled it across the room. "When you made Lemira, a child, decide on an amputation, did you think about disgrace? You've already discarded, your dignity, so why worry about it now?" 
Lemira looked him in the eye. "I've covered for you for years. It's time you faced
the consequences."
She had to let this out, finally.
Asher had always favored Evelina.
But now, forcing him to do what bet dreaded for Evelina's sake Woode
still stand by her? 
After all, you only feel the pain when the knife falls on your own foot.
Finished with her piece, Lemira left the room, holding Orion's hand.
The two of them took the elevator upstairs. Lemira tilted her head towards him. "Why did you come? Were you worried?"
"Yeah, worried you'd get bullied," Orion replied. After a call with Thaddeus, he had rushed down to find her, only to discover that Mrs. Waverly had already left. 
"No one bullied me. Mrs. Waverly just exchanged a few words. It's nothing serious."
As the elevator doors opened, Lemira saw the three women standing outside: Mrs. Amanda, Mrs. Waverly, and Sophia.
###Chapter 571
Lemira couldn't believe the coincidence. Right there at the elevator, they bumped into each other.
It was true; dining at the same spot often led to unexpected encounters.
The atmosphere became tense, with everyone's expressions turning complex.
Sophia's face showed surprise; she hadn't expected to be caught so quickly.
If it were just her and Mrs. Amanda, it might have been okay since Mrs. Amanda knew who Lemira was. But Mrs. Waverly was a different story.
This was bad.
Mrs. Waverly was particularly stunned.
After all, she immediately noticed Lemira and Orion holding hands, suggesting their relationship was more than ordinary.
Adding to that, the Everhart and Sinclair families' proposed union had recently fallen through. Rumor had it that Orion had a girlfriend he was quite protective of, but no one knew who she was.
Mrs. Waverly had been curious, but she hadn't pried, not wanting to upset Orion.
Who would have guessed it was Ms. Langston!
Mrs. Waverly directly looked at Orion. No wonder Thaddeus had called her about foundation matters; it must have been Orion's idea.
Unable to hold back, Mrs. Waverly started to say, "You..."
Mrs. Amanda quickly interrupted, "Weren't we just talking about heading to the spa? Are we running late? Let's hurry."
Mrs. Amanda seemed flustered as she quickly moved towards the elevator.
Seeing Mrs. Amanda approach, Lemira pulled Orion out of the elevator to make
room.
Orion's expression was unreadable; he just looked at his stepmother, unsure of her intentions.
He had initially thought his stepmother would make things difficult for Lemira. But to his surprise, she was kind to Lemira.
Orion had been planning to reveal his identity to Lemira, but his stepmother's silence was unexpected.
Mrs. Amanda, her mind a whirlwind of thoughts, avoided looking at Orion and Lemira.
Mrs. Waverly, puzzled, also kept silent.
Sophia felt chaotic inside and didn't want Lemira discovering Orion's identity now.
So, despite their complicated feelings, none of the three women spoke.
Once the elevator doors closed, sealing them off, Mrs. Amanda finally exhaled.
As they exited the elevator, she turned to Mrs. Waverly and said, "About what just happened, I hope you can keep it confidential."
Mrs. Waverly glanced at Sophia before muttering, "That girl is no match for the grace of the Everhart family."
"I'm aware, but some things aren't so simple to explain."
Mrs. Amanda then looked at Sophia,
her eyes apologetic. "I truly wished
for you to be my in W daughter-in-law, but as you know, no ne can sway! decisions. You're not getting any younger, maybe it's time to meet other eligible bachelors."
Mrs. Amanda understood that Orion didn't have feelings for Sophia, and there was
no point in keeping her hopes up.
"Mrs. Amanda, did I do something wrong?"
Sophia was on edge; without Mrs. Amanda's support, her chances with Orion seemed even slimmer.
"No, you've been wonderful. But Orion and Lemira won't be together either. Because... besides me, even the matriarch won't approve."
With that, Mrs. Amanda left, burdened by her thoughts.
Mrs. Waverly tried to console Sophia, "If the Everhart family disapproves, Ms. Sinclair still has a
quite
。
chance After all men are
pragmatic about marriage 
Sophia forced a strained smile. She knew that.
However, Sophia sensed something was off with Mrs. Amanda's attitude. If she truly disliked Lemira, why was she being so kind to her 
Being kind to Lemira yet opposing their relationship was contradictory.
There had to be something more, and Sophia was determined to find out what.
Upstairs, as Lemira stepped out of the elevator, she suddenly turned to Orion and asked, "Do you know Sophia?"
Orion felt a pang of anxiety. "Yes."
"Do you remember when we got into that car accident, and she brought you a lunchbox, saying your mom sent her?"
###Chapter 572
Lemira hadn't planned on asking too many questions, but things were different now between her and Orion.
Orion nodded, "Yeah, my mom asked her to come, but we're not really close."
So that's how it was.
Lemira thought about how Sophia also knew Thaddeus. They probably all ran in the same circles.
Back in the private room, Lemira resumed eating. She hadn't quite satisfied her hunger earlier.
Orion, on the other hand, was lost in thought, replaying the scene from before. Mrs. Amanda hadn't outed him in public, which was a relief.
He watched Lemira eat, hesitating all the while.
Once Lemira finished, she noticed Orion's troubled expression. "What's on your mind?"
"I have a friend who's in a bit of a situation."
"Oh? What's going on?"
Lemira wondered if this friend was Thaddeus.
"My friend comes from a pretty well-off family. He started dating someone but hasn't told her about his background. Now he's unsure if he should come clean."
"In that case, I say break up."
Orion paled at the mention of breaking up.
He swallowed nervously, "Break up? But what if he doesn't want to break up?" "Well, then why wasn't he honest from the start?"
Lemira spoke earnestly, "I think two people in a relationship should be honest. If he's hiding his identity, isn't it because he's worried she's after his money?"
"It's not that."
Orion was getting flustered. Negotiating business deals had never made him this anxious.
"Then what is it?"
Orion couldn't bring himself to explain under Lemira's gaze. The real reason was even harder to admit.
Lemira leaned in closer, "Orion, something's off with you."
Orion was sweating bullets.
Lemira squinted at him, "You're defending this friend a lot. Could it be that the friend is actually you?"
Orion was too startled to respond.
Lemira laughed, "Just kidding. It's probably Thaddeus, right?"
Orion was drenched in cold sweat. Should he confess now?
But Lemira had just suggested breaking up.
He didn't want to end things at all.
In the end, the Everhart heir chickened out. He'd have to come up with a clever plan and maybe consult Thaddeus later.
Lemira glanced at her watch, "Let's go. It's getting late."
They left Bistrova together.
Outside, Lemira spotted Evander and Evelina still lingering. She was surprised, "You
guys still haven't gone in?"
Evelina's face twisted with anger. That witch.
Being left out here had to be Lemira's doing.
Evander was furious and shouted, "Lemira, did you say something t Asher He's been inside this whole. time and hasn't answered our calls. 
Otherwise, how else could they still be stuck outside?
"You should ask Asher that, not me."
Lemira guessed Asher was doing this on purpose, likely fed up with the pair as well.
Evelina pouted, "Lemmy, I know you have issues with me, but today's gathering is really important for the foundation. If you mess this up and the foundation faces problems, you'll regret it." 
Damn it, she heard Mrs. Waverly was attending today.
Making a good impression on Mrs. Waverly could have been her ticket to advancement, but she hadn't even gotten past Bistrova's doors, det alone met Mrs. Waverly. 
And it was all because Lemira was meddling.
Lemira was definitely trying to stop her from meeting Mrs. Waverly.
Evander wheeled up to Lemira, grabbing her hand, "You have to take me and Eve inside now, or you can't leave."
He promised Eve a visit to Bistrova and couldn't go back on his word.
###Chapter 573
Lemira glanced at Evander, effortlessly prying his fingers apart.
Evander's hand trembled in pain, and he looked at it in surprise, clearly not expecting Lemira to have such strength.
Noticing Evelina nearby, Evander felt a wave of embarrassment wash over him.
Pointing at Lemira, he shouted, "Lemira, who do you think you are? If it weren't for you, my leg wouldn't be like this! How dare you disrespect me!"
Lemira chuckled, "I've always wondered, when you had your leg amputated, did they take your brain too?"
She remembered when Evander used to be quite normal before the accident.
Evander's face turned crimson with anger. "Lemira, my leg is like this because of you, and you still dare to mock me? I'll make sure Asher deals with you."
Orion, standing beside Lemira, chimed in, "Back then, your precious Asher wouldn't even answer his phone or take responsibility. Lemira was the one who stepped up and saved your life. And this is how you repay her?"
Evander wasn't listening; his life had spiraled downward since the amputation.
Otherwise, he would have already pursued Evelina.
Lemira took Orion's arm. "Let's go. No point wasting time on him."
"Lemira, stop right there! Who said you could leave?"
Evander was losing it, not expecting Lemira to show him so little respect.
In the past, Lemira had felt guilty and would comply with his every demand.
But now, she seemed like a completely different person.
As Lemira got into the car and drove away, she saw Evander tumble from his wheelchair, looking utterly pathetic.
Her gaze flickered for a moment, but she didn't get out.
In the past, she would have been concerned, but she remembered how Evander had pushed her into surgery to donate a kidney to Evelina in her previous life.
Orion noticed her silence and hit the gas, driving away.
Evelina, nearby, felt embarrassed by Evander's undignified sprawl on the ground. She wanted to leave but knew that with Asher's growing indifference, Evander was her only hope.
Reluctantly, Evelina helped Evander back into his chair.
Evander clung to her hand. "Eve, I promise you'll be okay. I'll protect my girlfriend."
Evelina felt a twinge of disgust. This useless wreck of a man was in no position to help her.
Lemira and Orion left the small town of Bistrova behind in the car.
Her phone kept buzzing with calls from Evander.
Lemira glanced at the caller ID and blocked the number without a second thought.
Evander was rarely home, and they hardly ever spoke.
Soon, group chat notifications popped up.
Evander had
family tagged Lemira in the "How dare you block
chat:
number? Feeling quilty, are you Gontent 
"Lemira, my leg is
you. I've been merciful enough not to break yours and you still don't listen to me 
to brave been ruined because of
"Lemira, I know you can see this. Say something!"
Lemira glanced at her phone and let out a small laugh.
Orion looked over at her. "What's up?"
"The guy who tried to stop us at Bistrova? He's throwing a tantrum in the group chat."
Lemira felt nothing as she read Evander's messages.
Orion frowned. "Are you heading back to school or home to your apartment?"
"The apartment, I think."
Lemira didn't feel like dealing with the Langston family tonight.
No need to let a mad dog chase her around.
l.ne
With the supplier issue resolved and evidence of Evelina's kickbacks clear, Asher would have to agree to her terms if he wanted to protect Evelina. 
By staying away from the Langston family tonight, she was giving Asher time to
think.
Evander and Evelina would probably keep pestering him.
Soon, they arrived at the apartment parking garage.
Lemira turned to Orion, cleared her throat, and asked, "Do you want to come up
for a bit?"
###Chapter 574
After she said those words, Lemira suddenly felt they sounded a bit strange.
The car was quiet, with just the two of them inside.
Lemira could feel his gaze, and her face warmed up significantly.
Orion turned his head to look at her, his eyes deepening, "It's late. You know what inviting me up means, right?"
Lemira felt the atmosphere in the car shift.
She touched her earlobe, "I was just saying it casually."
A low chuckle came from the man beside her. She turned her head to see Orion leaning closer, and her heartbeat quickened.
Lemira sat up straight, watching him approach.
Their eyes locked, and they could hear each other's breathing.
The car was dimly lit, the outside lights casting shadows that made his handsome features even more pronounced. For a moment, Lemira was a bit mesmerized.
Her heartbeat was loud in her ears. Was it so loud that he could hear it too?
There was a click as the seatbelt unfastened.
Only then did Lemira snap back to reality, realizing what he had done. Her face
felt like it was on fire. Did she think he was going to kiss her?
After all, that's how it always goes in the movies and books.
Had she misunderstood?
Orion suddenly looked down at her, his gaze meeting hers.
Lemira, trying to steady her erratic heartbeat, stammered, "You..."
The next moment, he leaned down and kissed her, his breath a little rushed.
Lemira's eyes widened in surprise at his sudden move, but she soon reached up to put her arms around his shoulders.
Feeling her response, Orion deepened the kiss, his hand firmly gripping her waist.
When they finally pulled away, both were breathing heavily, Lemira's breath
uneven.
Orion paused, brushing his lips against hers again before saying, "I've been holding back for a long time."
Lemira's eyelashes fluttered, her face flushed.
His gaze was intense, locking onto hers. "So, do you still want to invite me up for a while?"
"You're my boyfriend. What's wrong with you coming up for a bit? I trust you."
Orion's throat bobbed, a feeling like his heart had been gently tugged He reached out, tracing her lips withthis, thumb. 
His voice was husky, "But I don't trust myself."
Lemira looked a bit embarrassed. He hadn't been like this before.
Orion released her, "We were friends before, but now you're my girlfriend. No one stays calm around their girlfriend."
Lemira understood his words.
Orion chuckled softly, "It's getting late. Head up and get some rest. Text me when you're settled in."
"Okay."
Blushing, Lemira nodded, opened the car door, and walked into the elevator.
Once the elevator doors closed, Lemira rubbed her flushed face, the scene of their kiss replaying in her mind.
She glanced at her reflection in the elevator and couldn't help but touch her lips. Her mood was considerably brighter.
Once back in her apartment, she stood by the window and sent Orion a photo: "I'm home."
"Good, good night."
Orion's car remained parked by the curb. Seeing the lights on in the apartment's living room, he made a call to his secretary Schedule a meeting with Mrs. Waverly for tomorrow. We need to discuss something." 
Having run into Mrs. Waverly at Bistrova earlier, he knew he needed to prepare.
He glanced up at the apartment one last time before driving away.
Lemira stood by the window, letting the night breeze wash over her, her spirits lifted like the evening air.
Her phone buzzed with several group messages.
She glanced at them; Evander was causing a stir, demanding Asher split the family assets.
Now, this was interesting.
Lemira thought for a moment, then messaged in the group, tagging Evelina The police will be knocking tomorrow. Make sure you replace the funds you embezzled from the foundation unless you want up behind bars forever!" 
She knew Evelina didn't have the money.
end
Sure enough, the next moment, Evander angrily replied, "It's just a few thousand.
I'm giving Eve a $9,900 dowry!"
###Chapter 575
When Lemira saw the $99,000 dowry, a smirk tugged at the corner of her lips.
She had to admit, that "two-faced" girl sure knew how to sweet-talk her admirers.
But in the chat group, it was only Evander sending messages. Evelina, upon seeing the $99,000, practically had stars in her eyes.
Who would've thought that Evander, despite his disability, would be so generous?
Evelina quickly chimed in, "I really hope our family doesn't split up. It's all my fault."
Evander played the role of the doting admirer, trying to console Evelina.
Alaric had seen enough and decided to call them out, "If we're splitting the family, everyone needs to come to an agreement tomorrow, and Lemira's share can't be overlooked."
Lemira merely glanced at the messages before shutting off her phone. She was curious to see what decision Asher would make tomorrow.
When she went to bed, Lemira once again dreamt of the car accident from her childhood. Chaos surrounded her, and she could hear her parents' voices amidst the chaos.
They seemed to be saying, "Save her first."
Then Lemira saw a pair of hands reaching out, pulling her to safety.
When she woke up, she stared at the ceiling, struggling to remember the details of the dream, but it remained hazy.
Was the person who saved her really the driver? She had her doubts.
If it wasn't the driver, was there someone else at the scene?
Lemira recalled Asher mentioning that there was indeed someone else present, right in the backseat of the offending car.
To uncover the truth, she needed to either find Evelina's father or get closer to the Sinclair family.
Given that the Sinclair family was involved, the person who fled would surely know what happened.
After getting up, Lemira splashed her face with cold water. At least she had a lead
now.
In her previous life, she knew nothing and met an untimely end.
This was a much better start.
Once she was ready, Lemira headed to school.
She ran into some folks from the Business School in front of the academic
building, Susanna and Dorian among them.
Susanna sneered, "Lemira, I heard your foundation's skimming funds. If you can't
handle charity, don't try to play the big shot."
Lemira wasn't about to back down "It wasn't just our foundation involved with the scandalous
supplier. The Sinclair falas hit
first!" t
FindNovel.net
Susanna was furious, ready to lash out, but she knew Lemira wasn't someone to
mess with. She swallowed her anger for now.
Eventually, she'd have her revenge.
Dorian, however, approached Lemira, lowering his voice, "Why hasn't Eve been at school the past few days? Is she sick?"
Evelina had taken sick leave?
Lemira looked at Dorian, "Why do you care so much? Didn't you two break up?"
"We only broke up on the surface.
My mom doesn't approve, but weret
still seeing each other on the She's been distant lately." 
Dorian was worried his mother's actions might have upset Evelina.
Lemira raised an eyebrow at this revelation. So, they hadn't really broken up?
A sly smile crept across her face, "Evelina's not sick. She's busy planning her engagement."
"Engagement?"
Dorian was taken aback, "That can't be true. Who's she getting engaged to?" "To Evander, of course. They've been close since they were kids, practically childhood sweethearts."
"No way. Evelina said I was the only one she loved. There's no way she'd get engaged to someone else!"
Though Dorian protested, his expression betrayed his doubts.
"You'll have to ask Evelina about that."
With that, Lemira walked away, not bothering to look back at Dorian's reaction.
She hadn't expected Evelina to be playing both sides like that.
Initially, Lemira planned to use evidence of Evelina embezzling from the last charity fundraiser to locate Evelina's father.
But the expired hygiene products scandal had thrown a wrench in her plans.
Now, she couldn't let Evelina stay in the foundation. It would be too obvious, and Evelina's father would surely get suspicious.
She needed a new strategy.
However, if Dorian discovered Evelina's double-dealing, it might
lead to a fallout between them het
which would leave Evelina with
fewer allies. 
Lemira focused on her classes, putting aside the Langston family drama for now.
###Chapter 576
That afternoon, Lemira received a call from Asher. "Evelina's been taken by the police for questioning. Were you really in such a rush to get her in trouble?" he asked.
"Yeah, I was," Lemira replied coolly. She had waited a long time for this day.
She continued, "Have you thought about what I said the other day?"
Asher didn't answer. He simply hung up.
Lemira glanced at her phone and couldn't help but chuckle.
After her classes, Lemira headed to the team's training center. She joined her teammates for practice and even shared their training sessions live online. Ever since that incident with being banned by the Waverlies, she hadn't stuck to a regular weekend streaming schedule. Now, her streams were mostly focused on team training, which was a great way to boost their reputation.
By evening, Lemira made her way back to the Langston family mansion right on time. Evander had been messaging the family group chat all day about sorting out the inheritance issue that night. It was a showdown she couldn't afford to miss.
As soon as she stepped out of her car and into the mansion, she was greeted by Alaric, who seemed to have been waiting for her.
He hesitated before saying, "Evander and Asher had a big fight."
"I figured," Lemira replied. "Asher's against splitting the assets, isn't he?"
"Exactly. Asher's company is about to go public, and he doesn't want any distractions. Plus, he doesn't agree with Evander marrying Evelina."
Lemira was taken aback. Asher opposed it? Yet, he had previously pleaded for her to go easy on Evelina for Evander's sake, as if she were doing him a favor by letting the girl he liked off the hook.
"Lemira, if Asher insists on dividing the assets, Lucian and I have discussed it. We'll make sure you get your fair share," Alaric assured her.
"Aside from what Mom and Dad left me, I want nothing else," Lemira declared. She had no desire for Asher's money. Taking it would only bind her to his moral high ground in the future.
With that, Lemira strode into the mansion's grand hall. Sure enough, she could hear Evander and Asher's heated argument.
Evander was throwing a fit. "Asher, if you don't give me my share, you're just trying to steal my money."
"If it weren't for me managing the company, would you even have this wealth?" Asher retorted.
"But I'm getting engaged and need the money, and you're denying it to me."
Evander felt humiliated after being locked out of the Bistrova the previous night, especially in front of Evelina. He needed to regain his pride, and for that, he needed funds. 
Asher's temples throbbed with anger.
Evelina quickly interjected, "Asher, Evander, please don't fight over this. It makes me feel guilty."
Evander squeezed Evelina's hand tenderly. "Eve, I promised you, and I intend to keep my word."
Evelina looked at him with gratitude and then turned to Asher. "Asher Evander's just anxious because of what happened with me at the police station if I weren't in trouble he wouldn't be so desperate." 
The implication was clear: if Evelina's issues were resolved, Evander would calm down.
Asher gave Evelina a long, hard stare. "You got yourself into this mess. Aren't you going to fix it?"
His tone was harsh.
Evelina was startled and quickly
ет
tried to placate him. "Asher, I made a
mistake, but promise it wo
happen again.
Evander and IW..
behave and listen to you." 
She knew Asher loved being the patriarch with absolute authority, so she always played the submissive role to appease him.
And it seemed to work, as Asher's expression softened.
At that moment, Lemira walked into the hall, her presence commanding attention.
She looked at Evander and Evelina. "So, when's the engagement? I'll make sure to bring a gift."
"Lemira, if you knew Eve was going to be my fiancée, you shouldn't have called the cops!"
Evander held Evelina's hand tightly, standing protectively by her side.
Lemira propped her chin on her hand and looked at Evelina. "I ran into Dorian today. Wanna guess what he said?"
Evelina's face turned ashen.
Lemira smirked. "Dorian says you two never broke up."
###Chapter 577
As Lemira finished speaking, she noticed Evelina's face turning pale, caught in a mix of shock and fear.
With a dramatic sigh, Lemira lamented, "Juggling two relationships? Sooner or later, it's bound to crash down."
"That's nonsense! Evelina isn't like that," Evander immediately protested, glaring at Lemira. "You're just jealous that Eve has so many admirers, all more successful than your broke boyfriend. Did you really think I'd fall for your tricks?"
Lemira, incredulous, retorted, "Me? Stirring up trouble?"
"Exactly. I'm aware of Dorian's existence, one of Eve's admirers," Evander shot back.
With a hint of sarcasm, Lemira replied, "We all know that Evelina and Dorian are more than just that. They're an item."
"That's right," chimed in Alaric. "Evelina and Dorian have been together since they graduated high school."
Evander turned to Evelina, bewildered. "Eve, what's going on here?"
They claimed Evelina was involved with Dorian, but she had never said that to him.
Evelina's mind was in turmoil. She never anticipated that mama's boy Dorian would snoop around Lemira for information and then spill the beans about her engagement plans. She had barely managed to calm Dorian down, and now Lemira had aired it all out in public!
Her face turned ashen as she faced Evander, "Evander, I never officially dated Dorian. He's the one going around telling people we're together."
Admitting to this now was out of the question. Evander would be furious.
After her explanation, Evelina turned her pleading eyes to Asher, "Asher, I owe you an apology for lying."
Asher looked at Evelina intently, "So you never dated Dorian?"
He was taken aback that Evelina had lied to him as well.
Feeling wronged, Evelina lowered her head, remaining silent.
Evander, standing by Evelina, said, "Asher, I know you're ambitious, but you can't
just use Eve to make connections with rich heirs. It'll ruin her."
"I never forced Evelina into anything!" Asher snapped, infuriated by the accusation. Evelina had always been the one looking to climb the social ladder and now she was trying to pin the blame on him? 
Seeing Asher's anger, Evelina quickly interjected, "Evander, this isn't Asher's fault. We can't afford to offend the Draven family, so I had to play along with Dorian But there's nothing between us really content 
"Eve, I believe you," Evander reassured.
Lemira couldn't help but laugh, "Evelina, please. How many times have you been
with Dorian? And you're telling us nothing happened?"
"Lemira, shut it. You think Eve's like you, settling for a guy without a penny?"
Lemira's expression hardened at that jab.
She continued, "Evelina hasn't just been with Dorian..."
met
Before Lemira could finish, Evelina rushed to her side, pleading, "Lemmy, swear I won't compete with you anymore You're the only Ms. Lemira of the Langston family. Once I'm engaged to Evander, I'll move out and won't bother you again." 
Please, don't reveal her affair with the gardener. Evander would surely leave her.
Lemira saw through Evelina's pleas and shoved her away, "You just want me to keep quiet about your other escapades. Well, I won't. I'm going to tell."
Evelina's face turned grim. No, she couldn't let Lemira spill this. Desperate, she grabbed a fruit knife from the table, pressing it to her wrist, "Lemmy, I truly regret it. I'll die right here if that's what it takes."
Lemira rested her chin on her hand, unfazed, "Then go ahead. Show me." Evander was frantic, "Eve, don't do anything rash! What if you hurt yourself?"
###Chapter 578
"Evander, I get it. Being a part of the Langston family is awkward for me. Honestly, the only reason I'm still around is because of them. If my death would bring peace to the Langstons, I'd be willing to go."
"I won't let you die!" Evander exclaimed, panic in his eyes. "If you die, then my life loses all meaning."
Without missing a beat, he grabbed the other paring knife from the table, but Asher quickly snatched it away. "Are you crazy?" Asher barked.
"Asher, you know I've always had feelings for Eve. Ever since my leg was injured, I felt unworthy of her and couldn't muster the courage to confess. I've only been able to watch over her from afar. But now that she wants to be with me, I'm ready to protect her with my life."
Asher, holding the knife, seemed more defeated than ever.
Meanwhile, Lemira stood by, watching the drama unfold with an apple slice in her hand. "Go on, why stop now?" she teased.
"Lemira, do you have any decency? Can you really stand by and let Eve die?" Evander snapped, knocking the fruit plate out of Lemira's hand in frustration.
Lemira responded coolly, "Well, if you want me to drop the matter with Evelina, there's a deal I proposed to Asher, but it seems he hasn't shared it with you."
Both Evander and Evelina turned to Asher, curiosity piqued.
Evander cut to the chase, "Asher, what exactly did Lemira propose?"
Asher's expression faltered, silence taking hold.
Lemira smirked, "Evander, remember how I took the blame for your accident all these years? Asher should clear my name."
She turned to Asher, "Just speak the truth about what happened back then, and I'll drop everything. Isn't that a fair trade?"
Evander stepped forward, his gaze fixed on Asher. "Asher, what's going on?"
Cornered, Asher's frustration
simmered beneath the surface, no match for Lemira's persistence. He hesitated before speaking, "Evander, when you had your accident and needed amputation, I was Q
struggling aren't know what to do You need to understand
sher's
perspective back then!"
Lemira interrupted his rambling, "So, you deliberately ignored the calls, forcing me to decide, right?"
Asher's face turned ashen, and after a tense pause, he quietly admitted, "Yes."
The word barely carried any weight, but Lemira turned to Evander triumphantly, "You heard it. Your leg wasn't lost because of me!"
Evander's face shifted through a palette of emotions, disbelief written all over as he looked at Asher. "Why? My leg could've been saved!"
If Asher had made the decision, maybe things would've been different. Maybe his leg would've been saved.
Asher's expression was pained,
admitting this hurt more than
anything. He glared at Lemira, "I've
done what you asked. Now you
must keep your end and not hold
Eve accountable." 
to FindNovel.net
"Sure, but she can't meddle in the foundation's affairs anymore," Lemira declared. Her focus had shifted from Evelina.
Evelina, realizing she was off the
hook, let out a relieved smile, "Asher, thank you. I promise not to make the same mistakes again and
embarrass you." 
Asher looked remorseful as he addressed Evander, "Asher will make it up to you."
"I want to marry Eve. You can't ," Evander insisted, gripping Evelina's hand, his heart set on this one thing.
Asher's face darkened, "That's the one thing I can't allow!"
"Why? Do you have feelings for Eve too?"
###Chapter 579
Lemira heard Evander's question, and truth be told, she was just as curious.
Asher was always defending Evelina, even when he knew about the kickbacks her foundation was taking. Still, he was determined to help her out of any mess.
Could it be that Asher had feelings for Evelina too?
The moment Evander voiced his thoughts, the room fell into an awkward silence.
Evelina shot Evander a bewildered look. Honestly, she hadn't given it much thought. After all, Asher was hardly around and much older than her, so she never really considered it.
But if Asher did have a thing for her, it would certainly be preferable over Evander, right?
Asher snapped at Evander, "What nonsense are you spouting? I've always seen Evelina as a sister. Do you think everyone is like you, unable to keep your hands off even your own family?"
Asher was fuming.
To suggest he had a romantic interest in Evelina was absurd. His protectiveness had reasons, but love was definitely not one of them. He wasn't that desperate.
Evander was visibly annoyed. "But Eve isn't our real sister."
"True, but I handled Evelina's adoption. Legally, she's part of our family. You can't marry her."
Lemira hadn't thought of it that way, but it made sense. They might not be blood- related, but the law was clear on this.
Evander was taken aback, unsure. "Is that true?"
Evelina quickly confirmed, "Evander, I think the law is pretty clear on this."
She felt relieved. The last thing she wanted was to marry Evander, but she'd temporarily agreed to keep the peace.
But now Asher had made the situation clear.
Evander held Evelina's hand tightly. "Don't worry, promised to marry you, and see it through. Tomorrow, you can sort out the paperwork and get out of the Langston family registry. Then we
can get married." 
Evelina's smile was strained. She had just become a part of the Langston family,
and there was no way she'd give up that status so easily.
She muttered, "That's not my decision to make."
Evander turned to Asher, "Asher, would you really keep two people about each other apart? If
who Ga
you see Eve as a sister and as
brother, then you should agree." 
Asher looked at Evander's empty pant leg, feeling a pang of frustration.
He spoke up, "Evander, it's not that I don't want you to be happy, but Eve has only
just been adopted. If we cancel it now, everyone will talk."
"Then we just don't tell anyone!"
Evander was desperate. "Asher, I know you can make it happen. You just don't want to, I'm lucky to have anyone care about me in this condition, and you're stopping me from marrying the one person who does. What would our parents say?" 
"Enough!"
Asher was at his wit's end. Could Evander really not see the bigger picture?
Evelina wasn't interested in him for love. There had to be something else at play, but Asher couldn't say that.
Lemira watched the drama unfold with a smirk. "Asher, just agree already. It'll make Evelina even more tied to the Langston family. Isn't that a good thing?"
"Lemmy, I know you want me out of the picture, but canceling an adoption less than a year in would be a joke. How could I live that down?"
Evelina felt anxious. The last thing she wanted was for Asher to agree.
Evander tried to reassure her, "Eve, don't worry. We can move to a new city where no one knows us, and then no one will gossip."
Evelina was not thrilled at all. Her life was in Orvin, and she wasn't about to run off to some small town.
###Chapter 580
Lemira smirked, "That's actually a pretty good plan. Once the estate is divided, Evander can take his share and start a new life elsewhere, living quite comfortably."
Asher shot her a glare, "Lemira, why are you stirring things up here?"
"I'm not stirring anything. I mean, Evelina is just a Langston in name, she doesn't really have a claim to the family assets. If she marries Evander, they'll have shared marital assets and it'll fulfill Evander's wishes."
Lemira's grin widened, "It's a win-win situation."
Evander's face lit up, "Exactly, that's exactly how I feel."
"The assets can't be divided now, at least not until the company goes public," Asher said, clearly perturbed by the idea of splitting the estate.
Evelina quickly chimed in, "Evander, Asher's company is in a critical phase for going public. Any distractions could impact that. We don't need to rush into anything; we've got time."
For now, they needed to stall Evander.
Asher gave Evelina a grateful look, "Exactly, once the company goes public, and after a year or so, we can discreetly end the adoption without raising eyebrows."
Though he wasn't ready to fully endorse Evelina and Evander's relationship, he was willing to play for time.
Aside from Evander, everyone else seemed content with the plan.
Lemira stood up, "I'm starving, let's eat."
The drama had been entertaining, but now it was time to fill her stomach.
Everyone else seemed too preoccupied to think about food.
Evander sat next to Evelina, serving her food with a display of affection that was hard to miss.
Asher's mood soured at the sight.
Lemira, having eaten her fill, looked up at Evelina, "While I'm not pressing charges against you, you need to
repay every last cent of the rooney
you embezzled." 
Evelina cast her eyes down, speaking softly, "But I don't have that much money right now. Can I pay in installments?"
She had spent the thousands on clothes and designer handbags, so she was pretty much broke.
Evander piped up, "I'll cover for Eve. It's just a few thousand dollars, right?"
"Around six thousand," Lemira said, "Let's settle it now."
Evander's expression faltered slightly as he turned to Asher, "Asher, my dividends should be enough to cover eighty thousand, right?"
"Your dividends will be available at the end of the year. Did you already spend last year's?"
Evander looked uncomfortable, "I invested it in Rowan's lab. You know how expensive research can be."
Lemira raised an eyebrow, "But I thought Rowan's lab had plenty of investors lining up. They aren't exactly short on cash."
"Lemira, can you stay out of this?" Evander snapped, a hint of unease his
mice Asher could you advance
me this year's dividends?" .net>
"Fine," Asher agreed, though his expression was far from pleased.
Evelina finally smiled at Evander, her voice soft, "Evander, I feel bad having you
pay so much for me. I promise I'll pay you back."
"Don't be silly. We're getting married soon. What's mine is yours," Evander
replied, holding Evelina's hand tenderly.
Asher, unable to stomach any more, put down his utensils and left the table.
Evander suddenly had a thought, turning to Lemira, "Oh, by the way, could you clear out your bedroom for Eve? I want to turn it into our wedding suite." 
With a snap, Lemira broke her fork in half.
###Chapter 581
Upon hearing those words, Lemira's smile turned cold.
Was he really trying to push his luck now?
With a hint of sarcasm, she replied, "The room was left to me by Mom and Dad. You have no right to make me move out."
"But your room is the biggest. Why shouldn't you move?" Evander argued, his voice tinged with entitlement. "Eve and I are getting married, and naturally, we should have the master bedroom. You can take Eve's smaller room."
Evander had noticed how Lemira had spoken up for him earlier, hinting that she still feared alienating him. So now, he felt justified in making demands.
Lemira's lips curled into a sardonic smirk. "Evander, you want my room, huh? Let me tell you a little story about something that happened there just a few days
ago..."
Evelina's face blanched instantly. She quickly turned to Evander, feigning distress. "Evander, I suddenly don't feel so well."
"What's wrong?" he asked, concern creeping into his voice.
"I don't know, just a bit of discomfort in my chest. Can you check it out for me?" Evander flushed slightly. "I'll call the family doctor to have a look."
As he cradled Evelina, he shouted at Lemira, "Aren't you going to call the doctor?" Lemira took her time nibbling on her dessert, showing no intention of getting up.
Alaric let out a disdainful snort. "Evander, Evelina's always playing the sick card. Getting a doctor won't help."
"You two are unbelievable! Do you bully Eve like this whenever I'm not around? She's going to be my future wife!"
Evander had the butler call the family doctor.
Lemira cast a meaningful glance at Evelina, causing the "two-faced" girl to avert her eyes, visibly shaken.
It seemed Evelina was genuinely terrified of the video from that night, the one where she and the old butler were in a rather compromising position, getting out. Alaric hesitated before speaking to Lemira. "Why don't you reveal how Evelina tried to set you up, only for it to backfire on her? That way, Evander might break things off with her."
"Don't you think this is more fun?" Lemira replied, her voice laced with mischief. "If you've got something to say, go ahead. I'm not stopping you."
She mused that the video had its place, but not just yet.
She needed a strategy to ensnare Evelina's father.
The trail from the foundation had gone cold, and she needed a new plan.
After Lemira left, Alaric decided against telling Evander. Perhaps Lemira didn't want to see Evander hurt or disappointed.
Did that mean she still cared for her brothers?
Alaric's mind lingered on past mistakes, stirring a pang of guilt.
Back in her room, Lemira picked up her phone to chat with Orion about the earlier events at the Langston household.
But there was no reply.
As she mulled over the day's
Occurrences, the video she held ret
the "two-faced" girl and the butter was like a sword hanging over Evelina's head. 
Besides the foundation, Lemira recalled that Evander had once been
involved in a project devebeen
intelligent prosthetics. 
This project was initially her brainchild, meant to help Evander, but it turned out to be wildly successful.
If Evander wanted to marry Evelina, he'd surely want a more advanced prosthetic, to appear more "normal."
Maybe she could leverage the Al project.
Her decision made, she glanced at the time. Still no word from Orion.
What was he up to?
Unable to resist, she dialed his number. After a long wait, the call was answered by a woman.
Lemira's breath caught at the familiarity of the voice. "Ms. Sinclair?"
"Ms. Langston, I know you have
questions, but now isn't the tenet
the
Let's meet tomorrow.mor cate opposite the school" content 
"How do you have Orion's phone? What are you—"
Before Lemira could finish, the line went dead.
She stared at the disconnected call, dialing again only to be met with silence.
Her mind swirled in chaos.
What was Sophia doing with Orion's phone at this hour?
Were they together?
###Chapter 582
Lemira couldn't help but scroll through the chat history between her and Orion. Everything seemed so normal, so mundane.
She almost wondered if that phone call she received was just a figment of her imagination, a dream she had yet to wake up from.
Lemira tossed and turned in bed, unable to find sleep for nearly the whole night.
She needed to know what exactly was going on between Orion and Sophia.
She remembered that time when Orion was sick and in the hospital, and Sophia had gone out of her way to bring him some homemade chicken soup.
Back then, she thought they were just friends. She even assumed Sophia was closer to Thaddeus, and she hadn't given it much thought.
But now, in hindsight, something definitely felt off.
Lemira had sensed some hostility from Sophia before, but she chalked it up to issues over Susanna. It never crossed her mind it could be about Orion!
No wonder Orion said such weird things last night at the Little Italy Bistro.
What was he hiding from her?
When dawn finally broke, Lemira got out of bed and went for a jog around the neighborhood. She was too restless to sleep anyway.
Panting and exhausted, she finally stopped and checked her phone. Still no reply from Orion.
She hesitated for a moment, but decided against calling him.
Feeling a bit down, Lemira headed back to her room, took a long shower,
changed into fresh clothes, and went downstairs.
The Langston family was already up and bustling around.
Spotting Asher, she demanded, "Where's the money? It's not in my account yet!"
"I'll have my secretary transfer it later," Asher replied casually.
"Do it now, or I can't promise what I might do," Lemira snapped, her temper like a ticking bomb.
Asher noticed her foul mood and knew better than to provoke her any further. Who knew what this fiery girl might do if pushed?
Resigned, Asher pulled out his phone and transferred the money right then and there. "Happy now?" he asked.
Lemira checked her phone, nodded slightly, and began eating in silence.
Just then, Evander and Evelina entered the dining room. Evander spoke up immediately, "Did you hear what I said yesterday? We need that bedroom for our wedding suite!"
The mention of it killed Lemira's appetite.
She stood abruptly, walking toward Evelina, who paled in fear. "Evander, let's not fight with Lemmy over the room. It's not right Evelina pleaded, trying to avoid confrontation
Evelina was clearly nervous, fearing Lemira might reveal the video incident and ruin her completely.
Lemira shot them both a disdainful look before brushing past them and leaving the dining room.
Only once Lemira was gone did
Evelina breathe a sigh of relief.
"Evander, that room was left for
Lemmy by his parents. We shouldn't.
take it." 
FindNovel.net
Evander huffed, "It's just a room Mom and Dad left behind. Why make such a fuss?"
Alaric, who had been listening
hel
quietly, couldn't hold back any longer if you're so generous, why not give Lemifa the inheritance Mom and Dad left you?" fo FindNovel.net
"Why should I?" Evander retorted.
"Isn't it just something Mom and Dad left behind? Why be stingy?" Alaric shot back.
Evander was fuming, nearly seeing red. "That's different!"
"It's all the same if it was left by them," Alaric pointed out.
Looking at Evander, Alaric saw a younger version of himself—so blinded by Evelina that he neglected Lemira.
Alaric couldn't help but warn, "Evander, you'll regret treating Lemira this way someday."
"Spare me the lecture, I won't regret it," Evander declared confidently, holding Evelina's hand. She was his beloved, after all.
Evelina cast her gaze downward, a sly smile playing on her lips. She intended to take everything from Lemira.
After leaving the Langston family mansion, Lemira headed straight to the café across from her college.
As soon as she walked in, she spotted Sophia, dressed impeccably as always, like a debutante ready for a gala.
Lemira approached, unsure of how she truly felt at that moment.
Sitting down, she faced Sophia. "Why did you have his phone? Last night, were you two..."
Lemira's voice trailed off, unable to finish.
Sophia stirred her coffee with a spoon, a serene smile on her face. "We were together last night."
###Chapter 583
Lemira felt a chill run down her spine as soon as she heard those words.
So, it was true. Last night, they were together. A man and a woman alone-what else could they have been doing?
She never imagined such a clichéd situation would happen to her.
Sophia watched Lemira's face turn pale, a hint of satisfaction glinting in her eyes.
She continued, "Ms. Langston, I've been meaning to tell you this for a while, but I never got the chance."
"Cut the crap. You had plenty of chances," Lemira snapped back. "What exactly is your relationship with Orion?"
"Ms. Langston, I wanted to tell you last night. Do you remember? I asked if you really knew who your boyfriend was."
She did remember, but at the time, how could she have known to think deeper?
She had never doubted Orion.
Lemira recalled the question Orion had asked her in the booth last night, also about keeping secrets.
The friend Orion mentioned-wasn't Thaddeus, but himself?
Lemira felt her heart sink further and further, a cold sweat forming in her palms.
She looked at Sophia and asked, "What is Orion's real identity?"
"It's actually quite easy to guess. He shares the same last name as Matthew."
Lemira's mind went blank for a moment, then she realized an unbelievable truth.
Her lips turned pale. "He's Matthew's brother?"
"Yes, he's the Everhart heir."
Lemira didn't know how she managed to leave the café. She only knew she couldn't stay there any longer.
Finding out about Orion's identity left her breathless.
She never imagined Orion was the heir to the Everhart family fortune.
She clutched her head, realizing all the signs she had missed.
Like how he and Thaddeus were close friends, how he could freely come and go at Bistrova and how quickly he got involved when their A project was negotiating with the Everhart family. 
And the places they went on dates were always so empty.
He must have rented them out to avoid being seen with her, right?
But who would connect him to being the Everhart heir?
She always thought Orion was just an ordinary guy who became friends with Thaddeus and made some money together.
But would someone like Thaddeus really be best friends with an ordinary person?
The signs were all there, but she missed them, deceived for so long.
"Ms. Langston, wait up."
Sophia hurried after her. "I know you're feeling all sorts of ways right now, but I think Orion genuinely cares for you. Otherwise, why hide his identity to be with you?"
"What are you trying to say?"
"I don't mean anything bad. You know I'm promised to him, and we grew up together. Being together isn't just about love; there are.
practical things to consider net
you
wouldn't want to be the other
woman, right?" 
Sophia's last words cut through Lemira like a knife.
The other woman?
Lemira's eyes stung, and she took a few shaky steps back. "But I didn't know who he was."
"I understand you're innocent here. But the history between Orion and me, our families, we've been intertwined for years. You know how these family alliances work; it's not simple."
Sophia's voice was gentle, almost like she was trying to help. "Ms. Langston, be kept his real identity from you but as a fellow woman, don't want to see you kept in the dark. You're a good person, and you have a bright future ahead." 
Lemira practically fled.
Sophia's words echoed in her ears, each one stabbing at her heart, making it hard
to breathe.
Orion was the Everhart heir.
He was Sophia's fiancé.
She remembered hearing somewhere that they eventually did get engaged.
###Chapter 584
What does that make her now?
As Lemira wandered across the street, lost in thought, she failed to notice when the traffic light changed. Cars started moving towards the crosswalk.
"Watch out, Captain!"
Suddenly, someone pulled Lemira back, snapping her back to reality. She watched a car speed past her, and a cold sweat broke out on her skin.
Looking up, she recognized the guy who had pulled her back; he was a member of her gaming team. "Thank you."
"Captain, you don't look well. Do you need a lift to the hospital or something?"
"No, I'm fine."
Lemira forced a small smile, but inside, her emotions were a tangled mess.
The guy walked with her across the street. "Captain, is something bothering you? Maybe I could help?"
Lemira lowered her gaze. "Do you have training at the base this morning?"
"Yeah, I do."
So Lemira headed to the team's base as well. Not many were there for practice that early.
Feeling restless, she booted up her computer and glanced at the young man. "You just joined us recently, right? Need some guidance?"
"Absolutely, Captain! I'd love your help."
The boy with a youthful face settled beside her, logging into his game account. When Lemira saw his in-game name, she was taken aback. "You're called Time Rewind too?"
"Yeah, I know it's a bit out there. I've been teased about it. But Captain, you mentioned someone else has this name?"
"Yes, a friend of mine."
The name and character class were identical to someone she knew in another life. Could it really be him?
"Why are you staring at me like that, Captain?"
"It's nothing. Have you always used this username?"
"Yep, since high school. I picked it randomly and never bothered to change."
Lemira was distracted during their dungeon run. She realized this guy was really skilled.
Afterward, she looked at him, her feelings conflicted. "You're impressive. Why haven't you joined a team before?"
"Family stuff. My grandma's been
bet
unwell lately so I've been helping out
at home leaving ttle time for
gaming." 
That sounded familiar. The person she knew before had a similar story about their grandma.
Could she have mistaken Timothy for Orion?
Just then, Janice approached.
"Lemira, wanted to introduce you to
aur new star player Timothy He's
from the computer science department. He's really good."
"I've noticed."
Feeling even more unsettled, Lemira stood up. "You guys keep training. I need to handle something in the office."
Back in her office, she buried her face in her hands.
Was fate playing some cruel joke on her?
Her phone buzzed with a message from Orion: "Got caught up last night, sorry for the late reply."
She had been eagerly waiting for his response.
But now, it felt like a slap in the face.
Got caught up?
Lemira remembered how Orion often used that excuse, and she never doubted him.
But last night, he was clearly with Sophia.
Thinking about their recent interactions, her chest tightened with frustration. She wanted to confront him to demand what he saw her as 
His secret lover? Or just someone on the side?
Her hands trembled as she typed on her phone: "Why do you keep leading me on
when you have a fiancée?"
###Chapter 585
Lemira stared at the message, feeling a chill run through her, like she'd been plunged into icy water. With a sigh, she deleted the text she'd been typing.
She tossed her phone aside, glancing at Orion's message, but didn't reply. At that moment, she felt utterly lost.
Before she knew it, lunchtime rolled around, and another message from Orion popped up: "Lunch together? I brought back a gift from my trip."
Lemira glanced at it, unwilling to respond. But soon enough, her phone began ringing with Orion's name flashing on the screen.
Ignoring the calls didn't last long, as he dialed her number several times. Her nerves felt like they were sizzling in a frying pan.
Janice, her coworker, noticed her distress. "Who's calling? Aren't you going to pick up?"
Lemira finally grabbed her phone, typing a quick response on WhatsApp: "A bit busy. Let's do it another time."
Seeing her message, Orion frowned, sensing something off. This wasn't like Lemira.
Was she really caught up with some team project?
He tapped her WhatsApp photo, then checked her Facebook. Nothing unusual.
Could she be mad because he didn't reply last night?
That was the only reason he could come up with.
Just then, Mrs. Amanda approached him. "What did the doctor say? If your grandmother needs surgery, it could be risky."
Orion pocketed his phone, glancing worriedly at the old woman in the ICU.
His grandmother had collapsed suddenly last night, rushed to the hospital, and only just made it out of surgery after long hours.
He pressed his lips together, his voice steady: "Let's focus on her recovery for now. We'll discuss surgery later."
"I agree. We need to be completely prepared if surgery becomes necessary."
Mrs. Amanda paused, looking at Orion with hesitation. "When are you going to tell Lemira everything?"
Orion lowered his gaze. "I haven't found the right moment yet."
"Your grandmother wanted me to tell you
what happened back then or end things with Lemira. It's the best for both of you." 
either come clean about et
Mrs. Amanda didn't want their relationship to deepen only to face more pain later.
Orion stayed silent, feeling like he was caught in a storm with no way out.
"Orion, your grandmother and I are doing this for your own good."
Mrs. Amanda regretted pushing him to return home back then. Perhaps, if she hadn't, the accident might never have happened.
But there's no turning back the clock.
Standing before the ICU, Orion felt like he was stuck in a barren wasteland.
Sophia approached, carrying a
basket. "Mrs. Amanda, I made some
breakfast. You should eat you both
were up all night can keep an eye on Grandma Eileen." 
Noticing the tension between Mrs. Amanda and Orion, Sophia refrained from probing further.
When she offered Orion the breakfast, he shook his head. "I'm not hungry."
"Orie, even if you're not hungry, you should eat something. Grandma Eileen wouldn't want you to neglect yourself."
Sophia's voice was gentle but firm.
Mrs.
"Take a break I'll stay here With Mandave got experience with
this stuff, no worries." 
Mrs. Amanda nodded. "Think about what I said. It's what your grandmother wishes too."
Orion glanced once more at his grandmother through the glass, before turning to leave the hospital.
Sophia watched him go, then casually asked Mrs. Amanda, "What did you and Orie talk about? He seemed a bit down."
"Nothing much, just about his grandmother's surgery. You know how devoted he is; it's hard for him to make decisions."
###Chapter 586
Mrs. Amanda definitely didn't spill the beans to Sophia about what happened all those years ago.
Sophia nodded, sensing that Mrs. Amanda was holding back. She had a hunch it had something to do with Lemira.
Though she hadn't pieced it all together yet, her gut told her it was important. Orion's expression alone was enough to convince her of that.
At school.
After her afternoon classes, Lemira buried herself in the gaming hub, fiercely dominating her opponents. Her teammates could tell she was in a bad mood and steered clear of any jokes.
Janice tiptoed over to ask, "Captain, what's bugging you?"
"Nothing much, I'm treating everyone to dinner tonight."
Lemira forced a smile, trying to hide her turmoil, but her friends weren't fooled.
When they went out for dinner, Lemira got a message from Orion asking what she wanted to eat that night.
She glanced at it and, with a blank expression, replied, "Having a team dinner, can't make it."
Orion was in his car, feeling a growing sense of unease at her response. He called her, but it went straight to voicemail.
He texted again: "Where's the dinner? I have something for you."
But his message was met with silence.
Orion loosened his tie and rolled down the window, letting the cool breeze in. It was clear to him now-Lemira was definitely upset.
Lemira saw the message but deliberately left it unread. She had a few drinks, and Janice cautioned her, "Hey, slow down on the drinks, or you'll regret it."
But Lemira just wanted to drink.
After dinner, Lemira was stumbling as she walked, and Janice quickly steadied her, "Easy there."
Timothy offered, "I'll carry her home. She's too wobbly, she'll trip."
Janice hesitated but then nodded.
As their group carefully crossed the street with a tipsy Lemira, a sleek car puffed up, and an exceptionally man stepped out his
handso
eyes locking onto Lemira. 
Orion frowned, "Didn't I say not to drink so much when you're out? I'll take you home."
Timothy took a step back, "Who are you?"
Orion's gaze was stern, "I'm her boyfriend."
The group exchanged glances, none of them having ever seen Lemira's boyfriend before.
Janice stepped forward, "Sorry, but we've never met you. We can't just let you take her."
Orion gently tapped Lemira's cheek, "Wake up and tell them who I am.”
Lemira groggily opened her eyes, and upon seeing Orion, she
mously said, have mel
who you are!" FindNovel.net
Orion's expression darkened, "Lemira, that's not funny."
Janice, mustering her courage, said, "Lemira's drunk and might be talking nonsense. I'm her roommate, so I'll make sure she gets back to the dorm safely. You can talk to her tomorrow when she's sober." 
Orion reluctantly stepped back, deciding not to push the issue further.
He trailed behind them, ensuring Lemira made it to her dorm before driving off.
Feeling helpless, Orion googled: "Girlfriend mad at me for not replying, how to fix
it?"
He memorized every apology and sweet-talking tip he found.
The next morning, Lemira woke up with a splitting headache.
"You're finally awake," Janice said.
Lemira yawned and sat up, “I drank too much last night, didn't I?”
"Did you and your boyfriend have a fight?"
Lemira paused, "What did I say last night?"
"You didn't say much, but he seemed to wait outside the school all night."
###Chapter 587
Lemira was taken aback. "My boyfriend?"
But she was pretty sure she hadn't introduced Orion to her classmates yet.
Janice nodded. "Last night, after dinner, when we were heading back to campus, a really handsome guy said he was your boyfriend. But since we hadn't seen him before, we didn't let him take you away."
"How did you guess he was my boyfriend?"
"Just a hunch. Some classmates saw him again this morning by his car, looking just as handsome. We recognized him immediately."
Janice handed over her phone. "Here, they snapped a picture. See if it's your guy."
Lemira glanced at the photo and immediately recognized Orion. Her expression turned a bit awkward. "Did he really wait outside the campus all night?"
"He's in the same clothes as yesterday, so yeah, probably didn't go home. He followed us all the way to your dorm after we dropped you off."
Hearing this, Lemira was momentarily silent.
"Couples fight all the time. Maybe give him a chance to explain," Janice
suggested, despite her lack of relationship experience. It felt like the right thing to say.
Lemira gave a wry smile. "Sometimes, explanations aren't enough."
She still hadn't figured out how to face Orion, especially after discovering his true identity.
"What did he do to upset you?" Janice asked.
"I recently found out he lied to me," Lemira replied, her tone flat. "I've been
ignoring him because I'm still figuring out how to handle it."
"So, are you going to forgive him or break up?" a new voice joined the
conversation. It was Stella, their new roommate.
Lemira looked at Stella in surprise. She usually kept to herself.
Stella's expression was a bit unnatural. "I think my fiancé might have lied to me too."
Lemira's heart skipped a beat. Was Stella referring to Asher?
Janice immediately perked up. "Stella, your fiancé lied to you too? Are they both cheating?"
Lemira and Stella fell silent at the same time.
Lemira thought about Orion and Sophia, realizing technically, she was the 'other woman'.
She turned to Stella. "How well do you know your fiancé?"
"Honestly, not very well. It was arranged by our families. You know, with my condition... My family's well-off, but boys with similar status wouldn't choose someone like me."
Stella seemed like she had been holding this in for a while. "Growing up, I didn't have many real friends. They were all arranged by my family. and the idea of a boyfriend was even more out of reach." 
Lemira frowned. "Do you like your fiancé?"
"I'm not sure if it's love, but he's nice to me. Someone like me can't expect much more. Saying this out loud would just invite ridicule."
Stella's words were filled with insecurity.
Lemira hadn't anticipated that Stella's relationship with Asher was like this. She thought they got along well from what she saw at the last press conference.
Janice couldn't contain herself.
ет
"Stella, you shouldn't feel so down on yourself. I heard you're doing great in the journalism department, really talented you dont have fa marry someone just because they
said so. If this guy isn't good to you, find someone who is."
Stella lowered her head. "But my family arranged it. They said marrying a good
man is the only way to secure my future."
"You're letting your family control
you," Janice said passionately, as if willing Stella's insecurities away: "This isn't the Middle Ages. You have a career, you can make your own money, and live a good life" 
Lemira finally spoke up. "Trust your instincts. If this relationship doesn't feel right,
it's time to make a choice."
Stella looked at her. "What about you?"
Lemira paused, then said quietly, "The same. It's not like we can't live without them. Even if we break up, I'm still me."
###Chapter 588
Janice nodded, "Good idea, it's almost noon. How about we grab some lunch together?"
Lemira got up to wash up and change before heading out.
But then Stella chimed in, "Mind if I join you guys for lunch?"
Lemira didn't mind. She glanced at Janice, and they both nodded in agreement. Stella breathed a sigh of relief, grabbed her cane, and followed them downstairs. Lemira turned to Janice, "Why don't we head to the campus cafeteria? It's closer." Stella wasn't exactly nimble on her feet, and a long walk might be uncomfortable for her.
The three of them made their way to the cafeteria for lunch.
Janice glanced toward the school gate, "That car's still there."
Lemira followed her gaze and immediately recognized Orion's car. She was surprised he was still waiting outside the school.
Checking her phone, Lemira noticed several messages from Orion, all asking if
she was awake and if she wanted to join him for lunch at Bistrova.
She replied, "I'm up, but I've got classes today, so I can't make it."
As soon as she sent the message, her phone rang.
Janice suggested, "Maybe you should take the call and explain."
Lemira stepped into the corridor to answer. Orion's deep, husky voice came through, "Are you feeling alright? Bistrova's hangover soup works wonders. I can bring some over."
"No need to trouble yourself. I'm fine now," Lemira replied, her tone a bit distant.
Orion rubbed his temples, "Lemira, I had something come up last night and couldn't get back to you. I'll make sure to let you know in advance next time."
Standing in the hallway, Lemira
looked at the car parked by the gate. Her eyes were a bit misty. "I understand, but I'm quite busy lately. ter's talk after things settle down 
She genuinely needed time to think things over. She was avoiding the situation just as much as he was.
Orion sighed, "Alright, I've got something to discuss with you too."
His grandmother was still in the hospital, and he wanted Lemira to meet her. But
before that, he had to come clean about his identity.
Who would've thought they'd hit a rough patch now?
After the call ended, Orion rolled down the car window and lit a cigarette. He wasn't a regular smoker, on lighting up when he felt
stressed like now when he couldn't
figure out how to fix things with Lemira. 
He had to find a way to patch things up soon, or she'd be even more upset once she learned the truth about him.
Lemira returned to the table, feeling a void inside as she watched the car drive away. She picked at her food, her mind elsewhere.
Janice asked, "Did he leave?"
Lemira sighed, "Yeah, he's gone. I'll give it a couple of days before reaching out."
Janice turned to Stella, "Lemira and Orion are in a relationship, so that's one
thing. But with your fiancé, you might want to watch out for any ulterior motives."
Stella hesitated, "I looked into my
fiancé's family. He has a sister hel
very fond of but she's not his biological sister. The family has supported her a lot over the years." 
Lemira's eyes widened in surprise. Was she referring to Evelina? Clearly, the Waverlies weren't oblivious to the situation.
But why was Stella suddenly sharing all this? Was she fishing for information?
Janice slammed her hand on the table in frustration, "Another adopted sister? Is there ever a good story with those?"
Stella's expression grew more complex. When Janice left for the restroom, she turned to Lemira, "What do you think?"
"Ms. Waverly, if you want to know about Asher and Evelina's relationship, there's no need to beat around the bush."
Stella's face flushed with surprise, clearly not expecting Lemira to be in the know.
###Chapter 589
Lemira noticed the surprise and awkwardness on Stella's face, along with a hint of guilt.
Stella's cheeks were flushed as she finally managed to say, "I'm sorry."
Lemira had expected Stella to offer a long explanation, but the straightforward apology caught her off guard.
After all, members of the Langston family typically wouldn't apologize directly in such situations. They'd usually come up with a laundry list of excuses and might even try to guilt-trip her.
But Stella wasn't like that.
Lemira spoke up, "You really should apologize. You were the one who leaked information at the press conference, weren't you?"
Stella nodded, her face still red, "Yes, it was me. I'm sorry."
Lemira pondered for a moment, "Did you think all this time that I was just being rebellious against my family?"
"I did at first. But after spending time with you, I realized you're not like that. So I began to suspect that girl, Evelina, and noticed that Asher treats her differently."
Lemira considered the situation, "Why don't you come back to the Langston family with me for dinner? You'll see for yourself what's really going on."
"Alright."
Stella agreed readily, not wanting to remain in the dark any longer.
She glanced at Lemira and added cautiously, "I owe you for the press conference incident. I'll make it up to you."
Lemira was tempted to say that Asher and Stella weren't a good match.
But she held her tongue; she didn't want to get too involved in the Langston family's tangled affairs.
She figured Asher wasn't the type to settle for being a stay-at-home husband. He must have other motives.
After dinner, Lemira headed to the team base with Janice.
Everyone was already deep into their training.
Lemira noticed Timothy at the computer. His gaming skills and awareness showed real promise, and he had improved significantly over time.
She was reminded of someone from her past life whose style was eerily similar to Timothy's.
Orion's gaming style was somewhat alike too.
After all, game characters have similar moves.
But there was one way to differentiate. She learned the twelve-hit combo in her past life because that person taught her.
Except, that person never performed the twelve-hit combo in front of her.
Lemira sat down next to Timothy, "Do you know how to do the twelve-hit combo?"
"If I could pull off something that tricky, I'd be in the national team by now."
Janice chimed in from the side, "But I saw Timothy almost nail it a few times the other day. With a bit more practice, he'll definitely get it."
Lemira was surprised, "Have you practiced the twelve-hit combo before?"
"Yeah, I admire King. He's my idol."
Lemira chuckled, "He's my idol too."
She remembered that person was a fan of King as well. Otherwise, how could they
be so familiar with the twelve-hit combo?
Lemira spent the afternoon sparring with Timothy. She was eager to
discover if Timothy was the
reincarnation of that persone
her previous life. 
But each time, Timothy was just shy of succeeding.
Noticing Timothy's frustration, Lemira said, "I practiced for ages too. You've got real talent. With more practice you'll definitely there." 
"Thanks, Captain, for teaching me so many techniques. I'll keep working hard."
Lemira checked the time; it was getting late, and everyone else had left.
"I'll walk you back. I'm heading to the dorm too."
After turning off the lights and locking up, Lemira and Timothy walked to the dorms together.
When they reached the dorm
building, Timothy paused, "Captain, I want to learn a lot more from you in the coming days. I hope you don't mind me being a bother." 
"Of course not."
Lemira waved goodbye and headed towards the dorm entrance.
As she turned away, she instinctively checked her phone, but there were no messages from Orion.
She glanced at it one last time before slipping it back into her pocket.
###Chapter 590
When Lemira returned to her dorm room, she noticed several bags on her desk.
Janice, her roommate, casually remarked, "Looks like your boyfriend sent you some stuff again, just like he used to."
Sure enough, Lemira's boyfriend had been known to send her gifts before.
She walked over and saw a few high-end shopping bags, one of which contained a pair of limited edition boxing gloves. In the past, a gift like this would have thrilled her.
But now, she just pushed the bags aside without even opening them. She knew she'd be sending them back in a few days anyway.
After a shower, Lemira lay back in bed and noticed an unread message on her phone. Her heart skipped a beat as she wondered who it was from.
Feigning indifference, she picked it up. It was a message from Orion: "Are you asleep?"
Lemira stared at the screen for a long time but ultimately didn't reply.
In her previous life, she had been betrayed by family, leaving scars that ran deep. She never imagined the man she trusted wholeheartedly could deceive her too.
Who could she trust anymore?
The next morning, the first thing Lemira did was check her phone.
She hadn't responded to Orion, and he hadn't sent any more messages.
Just then, a news notification popped up on her screen: "The Everhart heir is set to tie the knot soon."
Seeing this, Lemira felt a heavy weight on her chest, making it hard to breathe. Her eyes welled up with tears.
If he was about to be engaged, why was he still reaching out to her?
Did he plan on keeping her in the dark forever, casting her as the hidden mistress? "Lemira, why are you crying?" Janice asked, quickly grabbing some tissues.
Lemira wiped her tears, her eyes red. "What if I've been the other woman all along?" "What? You mean he has a girlfriend?" Janice exclaimed.
Lemira forced a bitter smile. "To be precise, a fiancée. They're getting married soon."
"That's outrageous! You should expose him!" Janice urged.
Lemira turned off her phone. "But he's not just anyone. If I expose him, people will just think I'm a gold digger."
"Lemira, you can't let him off the hook. If he's made you the other woman, give him
a taste of his own medicine."
Lemira looked at Janice. "How?"
"From years of reading novels, I'd say guys like him enjoy keeping you in the dark, feeling superior. If you dump him and act like you couldn't care less, it'll 1 him where it hurts. 
"Will that really work?" Lemira asked, biting her lip.
"Do you want to wait for him to apologize half-heartedly and then marry his fiancée leaving you with nothing?" Janice challenged. 
Lemira furrowed her brows, not answering right away.
Just then, Stella peeked in. "I can help."
The Waverlies had a knack for exposing secrets.
Janice nodded eagerly. "Yeah,
can
Stella's a journalism major. She write something that really put him on blast." 
Lemira lowered her gaze. "Not right now."
Stella insisted, "I can really do it. Trust me, this is my field."
Stella owed Lemira a favor and was eager to pay it back.
Lemira knew the Waverlies had clout, but they might not stand a chance against the Everhart family.
If Stella helped, it could drag the Waverlies into trouble too.
Lemira steadied herself. "I'll let you know if I need it."
She needed to think things through.
After her morning classes, Lemira headed to the gaming club as usual.
Timothy happened to be there, and they teamed up for some dungeon raids.
Suddenly, she noticed a game notification: Orion had logged on.
[Your friend has requested to join the team.]
Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the request pop up.
###Chapter 591
Lemira hesitated for a moment before hitting the start game button.
She didn't accept the invitation to join the team.
Yet, her heart raced a bit nonetheless.
But then she remembered today's entertainment headlines, and her resolve hardened. If he was getting married, what did he want from her?
He mentioned wanting to meet up to discuss something. Was this what he meant?
Lemira found herself a bit distracted during the game.
On the other side, Matthew was completely taken aback when his team join request was rejected.
Curious, he checked Lemira's game history and noticed she had been teaming up with a guy whose username was identical to the one he used.
What was going on?
Matthew quickly took a screenshot and sent a message to Orion: “Dude, did you create a new account? Fine, but why aren't you letting me join the ranked games with your girlfriend?"
Was he being the third wheel?
The next moment, Orion's phone call came through, his voice tense: "Who's she playing with?"
"Isn't it you?"
Orion gritted his teeth: "No."
Matthew sensed something was off and stammered, "She's been playing a lot with this guy these past few days. I thought it was you."
Orion looked at the screenshot Matthew sent him, his expression dark as a thundercloud.
Was this why Lemira was ignoring him?
"Did you two have a fight?" Matthew suggested, trying to find a reasonable explanation. "Maybe he's just someone from her team, and they're practicing." After a long pause, Orion replied, "We did have a bit of a misunderstanding."
"Did you reveal your true identity, and she got mad?”
"No, it wasn't that. I didn't reply to her messages in time. Grandma fell ill the other night, and there were urgent matters with the company. I didn't get back to her until the next day."
breakups
"Wow, man, you're in trouble. In a girl's world, not replying promptly is a big no no. Three days with no response, that's basically a breakup. You should talk to her and clear things up." 
Orion hung up, feeling frustrated. He glanced at the WhatsApp chat, she hadn't replied to his message from last night. 
His heart felt like it was being fried.
Three days with no response means a breakup?
He stared intently at his phone, his expression serious as if contemplating something monumental.
"Mr. Everhart?"
The executive giving the report was alarmed by Orion's grave demeanor, breaking into a cold sweat.
Orion snapped back to reality and stood up, "Carry on."
He strode out of the office, grabbing his suit jacket, his expression deadly serious.
His assistant hurried after him, "Mr. Everhart, is there something urgent?"
"Yes, very important. Keep the meeting going, and update me later."
Orion stepped into the elevator, realizing he couldn't delay any longer.
He had to see Lemira and clear things up face to face.
Just as he reached the parking garage, his phone rang with a call from Mrs. Amanda: "Your grandmother is awake. If you're done with work come by the hospital, she wants to talk to you. 
"Alright."
Orion turned the car in a different direction.
While driving, he quickly sent Lemira a message: "Can we meet at the gym tonight?
I know you don't have class."
It was two hours later when Lemira finished her game and picked up her phone, noticing Orion's message.
Timothy handed her a bottle of water, “Training again tonight?"
"I need to go to the gym tonight."
"The one across from campus?"
Lemira nodded, feeling it was best to clear some things up.
###Chapter 592
Timothy stood up with her. "Let's go together then. I've got a part-time job at the gym."
Lemira knew Timothy's family wasn't well-off. Besides training at the base, he worked part-time jobs to cover his living expenses.
The two of them headed to the gym across from the school.
After changing into her workout clothes, Lemira headed straight to the boxing area,
only to find Timothy there, sorting out equipment.
Surprised, she asked, "What are you doing here?"
"I'm working part-time here. I picked up some basics when I was working at another gym, and the coach asked me to help with some classes."
Timothy noticed the red boxing gloves Lemira was holding. "I know that brand. They're not cheap, right?"
It seemed red was the bestseller this year, selling out almost as soon as it hit the shelves.
Lemira glanced at the gloves. They were a gift from Orion.
Her expression was a bit forced. "How about you spar with me?"
She hadn't booked a session with her coach since she decided to come last minute.
Timothy first guided Lemira through some stretches to relax her muscles, then they started sparring, both wearing their gloves. After a few rounds, Timothy paused. "You're way more skilled than I am. How long have you been training?"
"About two months."
"That's impressive. Boxing isn't easy, and it requires attention to detail. Whoever's been teaching you must be really good."
Was her trainer really that good?
Lemira thought of Orion. He'd been teaching her all along, and her expression turned a bit distant. "Let's continue."
Her mind was filled with thoughts of Orion.
As they continued sparring, Lemira got distracted and didn't notice Timothy's punch coming her way. She took the hit.
"Ouch!"
Lemira let out a cry and stumbled to the ground, feeling a bit dizzy.
"Captain, are you okay? I didn't mean to."
Timothy hadn't expected Lemira to miss, and he was startled.
"It's not your fault. I was just distracted."
Lemira knew it wasn't Timothy's mistake. Her mind had wandered, which led to the mishap.
She forced herself to stand, and Timothy steadied her with a hand on her shoulder. "Let's take a break over here."
"Stop! What do you think you're doing?"
Orion strode over, seeing Lemira in the arms of a younger guy, and his face darkened immediately.
He walked over with a fierce expression.
Lemira turned her head to see him approaching, his face as grim as a thundercloud.
Her head still spinning, she was about to explain when Orion swung a punch at Timothy.
Timothy, no match for Orion, hit the ropes and bounced back.
Orion grabbed Timothy's shirt collar, his eyes icy. "Get out!"
Timothy wiped the blood from his nose. "Who do you think you are to tell me to leave?"
Orion saw the look in this kid's eyes and knew he had his sights set.
Lemira His anger flared, and he get
swung again 
But this time, Lemira stepped in and stopped him.
Despite her discomfort, she said, "Orion, stop it. Why are you hitting him?"
Orion's body stiffened, and he turned to look at Lemira. "This punk was all over you, and you're defending him?"
"He wasn't."
"I saw it with my own eyes!"
Orion's voice was laced with anger "Lemira, thought you were ignoring me these past few days because t
didn
get back to you promptly. But because of this guy, isn't it?" 
Lemira was taken aback, understanding Orion's
orion's acco
She replied incredulously
saying he cheating Con
But wasn't it you who cheated?
###Chapter 593
Lemira's eyes were blazing with anger, tears threatening to spill over. She couldn't believe he was trying to turn the tables on her!
Orion saw the tears forming and immediately softened his tone, "I didn't mean it like that. I wasn't accusing you of cheating."
But she had been standing a bit too close to that guy for his liking. He didn't want her getting so chummy with other guys.
Lemira blinked away her tears and yanked her hand away from Orion, "Let him go."
Obedient this time, Orion released his grip, his voice lowering to a gentle murmur, "What's really going on with you?"
"Nothing."
Lemira ignored Orion and handed her towel to Timothy, "Go wash up with some cold water, stop that nosebleed."
Orion snatched the towel back, his voice gruff, "Use mine."
He thrust his own towel towards Timothy.
Timothy hesitated, looking at Lemira, "Are you gonna be okay on your own?"
"I'm fine, just go take care of yourself. Sorry about what happened."
Lemira hadn't expected Orion to get physical.
Timothy cast a glance at Orion before walking off the boxing ring, leaving behind a quiet space.
Lemira eyed the towel Orion held, reaching out, "Give it to me."
Orion held onto it, stepping closer, a hint of stubbornness in his voice, "I only reacted that way because I saw you getting too close with another guy. I misunderstood."
Did she think he was invisible, handing her towel to another guy right in front of him? Lemira shot back, "And what about you?"
Orion met her questioning gaze, mumbling, "I never have a female sparring partner at the gym."
"That's not what I meant. Didn't you say you wanted to talk? Okay, I'm listening." Lemira was curious to hear how Orion would explain himself.
Orion licked his lips nervously, "The other night, I didn't reply because my grandma was in the hospital, and there was an emergency at work. I couldn't get back to you right away. I thought it wasn't urgent, so I planned to respond later."
Who knew she'd be this upset.
Lemira listened, feeling surprisingly calm.
She asked, "That's it?"
"Yeah, that's it. If it had been urgent, I would've replied immediately."
Orion leaned forward, his eyes sincere, almost ready to swear on it.
But Lemira's stare was icy, making Orion's
ach churn. He grabbed
her hand, "If there's anything else did wrong, just tell me 
He often found it hard to figure out what was on a girl's mind.
Yet Lemira pulled her hand away.
Orion's hand fell empty, and he
stammered, "Lemira, I promise heet
time reply right away Co 
"Orion, I'm asking one last time, is this all you have to say? Nothing else?"
Orion pressed his tongue against his cheek, considering confessing his real identity.
But Lemira was still upset.
If he revealed it now, wouldn't she break up with him?
Orion felt a twinge of cowardice.
He glanced at Lemira cautiously, "Can I tell you after I've made it up to you?"
He hadn't even patched things up yet.
If Lemira found out he'd been hiding something, it'd be game over.
"If you don't want to say it now, don't bother ever saying it."
Lemira shook off Orion's hand and descended from the boxing ring. "Lemira, wait up."
Orion trailed after her, exasperation coloring his voice, "Lemmy, how about we grab dinner at Bistroy later or is there somewhere else you'd like to go..." 
###Chapter 594
"Enough already, aren't you being a bit too much?"
Lemira shot him a glance, then noticed Timothy sitting in the chair with his head tilted back. She walked over. "You okay? Still bleeding?"
"Mostly stopped."
Timothy spotted the guy next to Lemira and asked, "Heading back to campus together later?"
"Yeah, I need to. I'll treat you to dinner at the cafeteria tonight. I'm really sorry."
"No big deal."
Timothy could tell Lemira wasn't keen on the guy next to her. Standing up, he said, "Let's head out now. Better not risk the cafeteria running out of food."
Lemira nodded and was about to leave, but Orion grabbed her arm. "We haven't cleared things up yet."
Orion didn't want Lemira to go. He had a nagging feeling that if she walked away today, their relationship might be over.
Lemira frowned. "Let go."
Orion was stubborn. "I'm not letting go."
Seeing this, Timothy stepped in. "Listen, buddy, Lemira doesn't want you bothering her. You should know when to back off."
Orion's gaze turned icy as he looked at Timothy. "You'd better stay away from Lemira."
With that, he hoisted Lemira over his shoulder and headed towards the boxing area.
Timothy wanted to help but was stopped by the gym owner. "What do you think you're doing, kid?"
"I'm trying to help."
"What help? That guy isn't someone to mess with. He even bought the gym just so Lemira could practice boxing."
Timothy was stunned. "Aren't you the owner?"
"I'm just the front man. And besides, those two are close. They're just having a spat. Why get involved?"
The gym owner held Timothy back, thinking it was just a lovers' quarrel that would blow over. A third party jumping in could just complicate things.
Timothy glanced towards the boxing area, his expression dimming.
Meanwhile, Orion carried Lemira back to the boxing ring and set her down.
She steadied herself and glared at him. "Are you out of your mind?"
"Yeah, maybe I am."
Orion's eyes
were tinged with
fruses!
locking onto Lemira, ve I myself enough. Can you at
least tell me why you're mad? 
"And why should I?"
Lemira was fuming, her eyes brimming with tears. "You just punched someone out of r
are you to threate ere
Orion pressed his lips into a thin line. "Because I got jealous. Is that not okay?"
Jealous?
Lemira felt a pang of bitterness. Jealous? Really?
She let out a cold laugh. "What right do you have to accuse me?"
"I'm your boyfriend. Am I not allowed to get jealous?"
Orion was getting frustrated. "I can spar with you. You don't need to find someone else."
"I won't be sparring with you anymore. I'm not your puppet, doing whatever you say."
Orion felt his temples throb with anger.
He placed his hands on Lemira's
shoulders, his voice rough. "I'm not trying to control you just think
about it if I got too close to another*
woman, wouldn't you be upset?" 
"So you do get it."
Lemira looked at Orion intently. "That night, besides your grandma being sick, who else were you with?"
"I was at the hospital. Who else would I be with?"
Orion's patience was wearing thin. "Lemira, are you into that guy from before? Is
that why you're picking a fight with me?"
"You're turning the tables, you jerk. You were with another woman that night. How long were you planning to lie to me?"
Lemira's tears fell as she grew more upset.
###Chapter 595
Lemira stood in front of Orion, trying to muster the courage to say what she needed to. Janice had already prepared all the harsh words for her, but when it came time to speak, tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.
She hadn't anticipated crying so much, and neither did Orion. He froze for a moment, then quickly grabbed a towel to wipe her tears away. "I wasn't with another woman that night," he confessed.
But Lemira pushed his hand away. "Orion, I've been thinking a lot these past few days. We should break up."
The words "break up" made Orion's eyes widen in shock. Without hesitation, he declared, "No, I can't agree to that."
"Orion, this isn't about what you agree to," Lemira replied, wiping her tears. "I'm serious. We're just not right for each other."
"We've only been together for a short while. How can you know that?" Orion protested, frustration bubbling beneath his calm exterior. "Or is it that you've already found someone else?"
Is that why she's been avoiding me? he wondered.
Lemira shook his hand off. "Think whatever you want. You were the one who said I'd meet plenty of handsome guys my age in college and start a new life. You were right; I connect better with people my own age."
"Lemira!" Orion's eyes darkened, a storm brewing within them. "I know you don't mean that."
"But I do. Let go, I'm leaving."
Orion, however, pinned her against the ropes of the boxing ring with more force than necessary. "You think you can just walk away like that after getting involved with me?"
He leaned in to kiss her, but Lemira turned her head, trying to evade him. Yet, his grip was too strong, and the kiss was anything but gentle-it was possessive.
Furious, Lemira bit his lip and slapped him hard. "Orion, you have a fiancée. Why are you messing with me?"
He froze. "I don't have a fiancée."
"Really? Then why did the tabloids say you and Ms. Sinclair are about to be engaged? How long were you planning to keep that from me?" Lentira's voice was icy Youte the Everhart heir, arent you?" 
Orion's hand trembled slightly as he reached for her, but she stepped aside, avoiding his touch. His hand hung awkwardly in the air, unsure of what to do.
He stared at her, his voice hoarse. "I was going to tell you today, but you were so upset. I was afraid that if I told you, you'd be even angrier."
He hadn't expected Lemira to already know about his identity. That explained her strange behavior these past few days, He thought her anger was because he hadn't replied to her messages. 
Lemira's gaze was sharp with sarcasm. "Do you really think telling me would change anything between us?"
Orion remembered asking her a similar question before, and her answer had been the same breakup.
Carefully, he responded, "There's no engagement with Sophia. It's always been my mom and the Sinclair family pushing for it. I've never agreed to it."
Lemira recalled Mrs. Amanda, Orion's mother, who had always been kind to her, But that day at Bistrova, Mrs. Amanda must Have known about her relationship with Orion. 
###Chapter 596
No wonder Mrs. Amanda didn't even say hello to her back then.
Lemira wiped away her tears. "But that night, you never replied. I called, and it was Sophia who answered."
If there was nothing going on, why did Sophia have his phone?
Orion thought back carefully. "I was rushing to get my grandma to the hospital. I must have dropped my phone there, and she picked it up for me. I had no idea she answered your call. She never mentioned it."
"How am I supposed to believe you?"
Lemira looked at him calmly, though her heart was still aching.
"I never doubted you, but you've been lying to me for so long. Once trust is broken, it's impossible to restore."
"Lemira, it's not like that. I didn't mean to hide who I am."
"Really? Then tell me why."
Lemira wanted to know the reason.
Orion looked at her, but he couldn't bring himself to speak about the car accident from years ago.
Lemira had always said she hated the driver and the person in the backseat.
At that moment, he truly understood what it meant to feel like his heart was being torn apart.
His grandma was right; he should have been honest from the start. Now, he couldn't bring himself to speak because he couldn't bear to lose her.
He felt trapped, wanting to turn back but finding no way.
"Tell me, why?" Lemira asked again.
But the man across from her fell silent.
Lemira's gaze turned self-mocking; she had a guess. It was probably because of
their different backgrounds that he had kept his identity a secret.
So what did their time together even mean?
one
Lemira picked up the boxing gloves beside her and handed them to him, "Take these back, andill retüm the other things you left at my dorm." 
Orion glanced at the red boxing gloves but didn't take them. Lemira let go, and the gloves dropped to the floor.
Orion looked down at the gloves on the ground, their bright red color- almost painful to see. He stepped forward, wanting to reach for Lemira's band, but she pulled away 
His voice was hoarse. "It's my fault, but I don't want to break up."
Lemira's eyes were unusually calm. "A relationship built on lies is fragile. I loved Dr. Everhart, not the Everhart heir."
Looking into her eyes, Orion felt like he was trapped in a net he couldn't escape from.
His heart sank.
He knew Lemira. Though she seemed gentle, once she made a decision, it was hard to change her mind.
Lemira took a few steps back. "Orion, let's end this."
"No, I don't agree."
"Don't ruin our memories. You know
we can't continue Your identity would only bring me endless trouble, I just want a peaceful life."
Lemira turned and left the boxing ring. As she turned away, tears streamed down her face.
She had rehearsed so many lines but couldn't utter more than a couple.
She would never forget when Sophia met her at the café.
She didn't know what else Orion might be hiding from her.
She couldn't take the gamble and didn't want to.
Breaking up was the best option.
"Lemira, wait!"
Orion chased after her but stumbled as he hopped off the ring.
###Chapter 597
Orion was so focused on catching up to the person ahead that he didn't notice the ground beneath his feet.
He took a tumble, landing with a thud and a grunt.
Lemira heard the noise and turned back to see Orion sprawled on the ground. She rushed over to help him up. "Are you alright?"
She noticed blood on his hand.
"I'll get a first aid kit," she offered.
But Orion grabbed her hand, his lips pressed into a thin line. "Don't go."
Lemira lowered her gaze. "Let's stop the bleeding first."
"I'll go with you."
Orion got to his feet and walked with Lemira.
The gym owner, who had been watching from a distance, quickly approached when
he noticed Orion was hurt. "There's a first aid kit in my office."
The two of them headed to the office.
The gym owner handed the kit to Lemira. "I've got some things to handle. Can you help out?"
Before Lemira could respond, he was gone.
She opened the first aid kit and started cleaning Orion's wound.
"You might need stitches for this," she said after inspecting the cut.
Orion remained silent, simply watching Lemira, unsure of what to say.
Lemira applied a band-aid with care, aware of his gaze on her the whole time.
After putting the first aid kit away, she turned to leave.
A warm hand caught her wrist.
Without turning around, Lemira said, "I need to get back to school."
Orion looked at her delicate wrist and asked softly, "Can we just take a few days to cool off and then talk?"
Lemira glanced at his injured arm, her resolve wavering. Finally, she gave a quiet nod.
Orion exhaled in relief. "Let me drive you back."
"No need," Lemira declined outright. "If someone recognizes you, I really don't want to end up on the front Besides, you never used to
pae
take me to crowded places, did
you?" 
It only dawned on her now that Orion always rented out venues to avoid being recognized.
Orion was at a loss for words; he had no explanation to offer.
After changing in the locker room, the gym. As she
she
omeone fot
distance. 
She knew who it was but never looked back.
It wasn't until she entered the campus that she hid behind a tree and stole a glance.
There he was, standing at the school gate, tall and strikingly handsome with chiseled features.
He had barely been there for a moment before two girls approached him, asking for his contact details.
Lemira tore her gaze away with difficulty. What was she hoping for?
"Hey, are you alright?"
Lemira turned to find Stella sitting on a nearby bench.
Her expression was a bit awkward. "I'm fine."
Stella glanced towards the gate, her face thoughtful. The man standing there was the Everhart heir.
Stella never imagined Lemira's boyfriend would be that Everhart.
Lemira sat down next to Stella, noticing the book in her hands, likely enjoying a sunny read.
"Here, wipe your tears."
Lemira hesitated before accepting the tissue Stella offered.
Stella seemed to weigh her words. "Your boyfriend is quite the looker."
When Lemira heard that, she
realized Stella must have seen
Orion. She gave a wry smile. "I guess
is now!
you know who he is
recently found out myself.
"Is that why you two are having issues?"
Stella had hit the nail on the head.
###Chapter 598
Lemira had heard the rumors flying around, courtesy of Susanna. Word had it that Lemira's boyfriend was broke, practically penniless.
Who would've thought Lemira's boyfriend was actually the heir to the Everhart fortune? If he was considered poor, then everyone in the room might as well be living on ramen noodles.
"Yeah, I can't believe he kept me in the dark for so long," Lemira sighed.
She knew that given Stella's connections, she'd definitely crossed paths with the Everhart family and must've met Orion at some point.
Lemira gave Stella a puzzled look. "Has Asher never met Orion?"
Stella shrugged. "I can't say for sure, but with different social circles, there's hardly any overlap. I only met him a few times as a kid, and then he just sort of vanished from my life."
Men like Orion, with his status and responsibilities, were always busy. If you weren't in the same high-flying circles, it wasn't surprising not to cross paths.
Stella paused. "As for your Asher, things between us aren't set in stone yet, and the Waverlies haven't publicized his identity. So, he wouldn't have been introduced to those circles."
It made sense that Asher hadn't met Orion.
Lemira nodded, understanding. She glanced at Stella, "But today I laid it all out for him, and we broke up. We weren't right for each other, and besides, he has a fiancée."
"He doesn't have a fiancée," Stella interjected. "Yesterday's headlines were bogus. The Sinclair family has been trying to marry their eldest daughter off to Orion for ages. While Mrs. Amanda agreed, Orion never did. All those rumors over the years were just that-rumors."
Stella looked earnestly at Lemira. "You might question my character, but you can't doubt the intel I've gathered."
Lemira chuckled. Stella, being Ms. Waverly, had credibility in her words.
She stared at the floor. "Even so, the gap between our worlds is too wide. I don't want to struggle that much."
Being with Orion would mean facing a lot of hurdles. Plus, he hadn't been upfront about his identity from the start. What was he afraid she'd do?
Lemira preferred not to dwell on it, lest she end up hurting herself.
"But from what I've gathered over the years, Orion is a decent, ambitious guy. If you truly care for each other, he'd sort everything Mrs. Armanda and Grandma Eileen are kind-hearted." 
ut.
The thought of Mrs. Amanda, who'd always been so nice to her, made Lemira's heart sink a bit. She probably wouldn't be so fond of her now. 
"Let's see what the future holds," Lemira said, trying not to overthink.
Stella quickly changed the subject. "Lemira, do you have any plans to visit the Langston family soon?"
"I'm free anytime, but have you given Asher a heads-up?"
Stella shook her head. "I haven't mentioned it, and I don't plan to."
Lemira understood Stella's strategy—a surprise visit to catch everyone off guard.
Though Stella seemed shy and reserved, she was evidently a determined young
woman.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "But knowing Asher, showing up unannounced might tick him off."
Stella bit her lip, contemplating. "I'll text him later."
Just then, Lemira's phone buzzed repeatedly.
The notification came from the Langston family group chat. Evander had tagged everyone: "I've booked a table at Bistrova tonight. The whole family is invited to celebrate my engagement to Eve and discuss the wedding plans." 
Engaged already?
Lemira glanced at the message and turned to Stella. "Want to join me at Bistrova
tonight for some family drama?"
###Chapter 599
Lemira and Stella arrived at Bistrova.
With Stella by her side, Lemira easily made her way into Bistrova.
They'd chosen Bistrova this time, mostly because of the fiasco last time when
Evander and Evelina had been turned away at the door.
Stella moved slowly, a hint of apology in her voice. "I think I need to hit the restroom first."
Lemira noticed that the floor was a bit damp, like it had just been mopped.
"I'll come with you," she offered.
The two of them headed into the restroom together. Lemira waited by the sinks, but in the next moment, Evelina emerged from a stall.
Evelina wore a sleek white evening gown that fit her like a glove, making her look like a proud peacock.
"Lemira, you actually got in? You don't even have a membership. Did you shamelessly let your boyfriend leech off Mr. Draven's membership again?" Evelina sneered, flaunting the large diamond ring on her finger.
"Check this out, Lemira," she said smugly, waving her hand. "Evander bought it for me. It's a hundred grand. I bet your boyfriend doesn't even make that in a year."
Evelina was clearly enjoying herself. "I've always told you, don't settle for a broke boyfriend. What good is loyalty and devotion?"
"True, I can't compete with you there," Lemira replied coolly. "After all, you got dumped by Dorian not too long ago, and as soon as your dreams of wealth shattered, you clung onto my Evander. You've always had a thing for money, haven't you?"
"But my Evander is far more generous than Dorian ever was, isn't he? That pricey designer dress-you slept with Dorian how many times, and he never bought you anything like it, did he?"
"You've got an eye for quality," Evelina boasted. "This dress is a masterpiece by a famous designer. Asher went all out to have it custom-made for me as an engagement gift. There's only one like it in the world."
Evelina's voice dripped with pride. "Too bad there's just one, so Asher gave it to me. You wouldn't be throwing a fit again, claiming Asher's being unfair, would you? Especially after you pushed him to admit he was the reason Evander lost his leg. He can't stand you."
Lemira met Evelina's triumphant gaze calmly. "Did you forget? I still have that video that could ruin you for good."
Evelina's expression changed instantly, and she spat venomously, "I've already explained that to Evander. He couldn't care less."
"Is that so? Maybe I'll just show it to Evander later."
"You wouldn't dare! You made a deal with Asher not to release the video, and if you break that agreement, forget about ever getting the rest of your parents' inheritance."
With those words, Evelina hurriedly left, her retreat looking suspiciously like a hasty escape.
Lemira smirked. Looks like the so-called "two-faced" girl was still scared.
Her phone buzzed with a message from Stella: "My stomach's acting up. You go ahead; I'll catch up later."
Lemira glanced at the restroom stalls; Stella must've overheard her and Evelina's exchange. She didn't feel the need to explain anything.
Lemira made her way to the private dining room. As she entered, she saw Evelina standing beside Evander, whispering tearfully about something.
The atmosphere in the room shifted as soon as Lemira appeared.
Evelina, with a pitiful look, said, "Evander, don't blame Lemmy. This dress is one of
a kind, and she doesn't have one, so she's probably just upset."
Evander pointed angrily at Lemira. "Eve is going to be your sister-in-law soop We're getting engaged, and it's normal for her to dress nicely Why are you so jealous all the time?" 
Lemira chuckled dryly. "What do I have to be jealous of? Ever since Evelina swooped into the Langston family, hasn't everything nice gone to her first?"
"As it should," Evander snapped.
"Eve's father did our family a huge
favor. If it weren't for him, you'd have
died in that car crash and you
wouldn't be here as Ms. Letra enjoying your life." 
Evander was furious. "I demand you apologize to my girlfriend right now, and don't
ever speak to her like that again. Don't make her upset."
"Evander, let it go," Evelina interjected with a smug tone. "I'm wearing this gorgeous dress and Lemmy doesn't have one. Plus, you bought me this expensive ring. I'm already making out like a bandit." 
Evelina's voice was laced with bragging. "Maybe Lemmy's boyfriend can't afford
such an expensive ring, which is why she's so upset."
###Chapter 600
Lemira pulled out a chair and sat down with a playful grin, "Evander, something just popped into my head that I have to show you..."
Evelina's face fell a bit as she quickly cut in, turning to Evander, "Evander, where are Asher and Alaric? They're taking forever!"
"Yeah, what's keeping them?"
Just as Evander finished speaking, the door swung open and in strolled Asher and Alaric.
Evander, a bit miffed, blurted out, "Asher, I've got to tell you, Lemira's jealousy is off the charts. Just because Eve has on a limited edition dress and she doesn't, she's been a real pain about it."
Asher looked weary, "What dress?"
Evelina smirked slightly, "Oh, you mean this little number I'm wearing today, Asher. You gave it to me as an engagement present, remember? I guess Lemmy isn't too happy about that."
Asher finally took notice of the dress Evelina was flaunting, and his expression darkened, "Why are you wearing that dress?"
Evelina was taken aback, "Isn't this the gift you got for me, Asher?"
"Who said you could wear that? Take it off! I never said it was yours to keep!"
Asher suddenly flared up, "Evelina, why are you messing with the dress I had specially ordered?"
Evelina looked innocently at him, "Asher, I didn't do anything."
Evander chimed in, "Asher, it's just a dress. Why get so worked up?"
"That dress was a custom order for Ms. Waverly."
Asher glared at Evelina, "Get it off, now."
Evelina hesitated, she really liked the dress.
Evander quickly intervened, "Asher, I was pondering what to gift Eve, and then I saw the butler bring this dress in. It seemed perfect for her, and she loved it, so I made the call."
Asher loosened his tie, "Evander, if you want to give gifts, get your own stuff."
"Asher, you're being stingy. Ms. Waverly has worn every designer dress out there, hasn't she? Besides I've heard Ms. Waverly isn't exactly the runway type. It's a waste, really." 
Evander seemed nonchalant as he held Evelina's hand, "Eve looks stunning in it.
She'll be the talk of the town at the engagement party."
Evelina threw a glance at Asher, pretending to be understanding,
"Evander maybe we should
all,
After all,
let
meant for Asher's
girlfriend, and I'm not sure it's right
for me to wear it." 
Inside, Evelina was seething. Evander couldn't even buy a designer dress on his
own and had to swipe Asher's present for Ms. Waverly.
"Don't worry, wear it. Asher isn't that petty. Remember, your dad's done a lot for the Langston family; Asher won't hold it against you."
Asher's face turned a shade of green, but he couldn't find a comeback.
Evelina thought for a moment and then said, "Asher, I can't change out of this dress right now, so how about I just wear it for today? I'll be super careful, and once I'm home, I'll switch it out it won't stop you from gifting it to Ms. Waverly." 
Asher's mood brightened a little, "Alright, I'll get you another dress later as a make- up."
Evelina nodded, appearing grateful, but in her mind, she was hatching a plan.
Lemira frowned, "Asher, is it really okay to give a dress that's been worn to someone else?"
If she didn't know Ms. Waverly, Lemira would've stayed out of it, but the thought of Stella, the "two-faced" girl, wearing a second-hand dress made her uneasy.
"Lemmy, we're all among friends here. As long as you don't spill the beans, and I don't, how would Ms. Waverly ever find out? Unless you're trying to land Asher in hot water."
Evelina, holding a bottle of freshly opened wine, approached Lemira, "We've been through a lot lately. Let's have a drink and make up, shall we?"
Lemira's expression was one of annoyance, "I'm not interested in drinking with you."
No sooner had she spoken, Evelina, like a startled deer, managed to spill the wine all over the white dress.
With eyes glistening and looking pitiful, Evelina exclaimed, "Lemmy, if you're mad, be mad at me, but why ruin the dress?"
###Chapter 601
Lemira Langston glanced at the dress stained with red wine.
The smile on her face deepened. "Evelina Sterling, your tricks are as pathetic as ever."
The "two-faced" girl knew she couldn't have the dress, so she'd rather ruin it and frame her for it.
"Lemmy, you did this on purpose, didn't you? You wanted me to stain this dress so Asher couldn't present it to Ms. Waverly, right?"
"It's obvious you knew you couldn't keep the dress, so you'd rather destroy it. You're the one who..."
Before Lemira could finish, someone splashed red wine in her face.
Lemira wiped her face and saw Evander Langston holding the glass. He actually dared to throw wine at her.
Evander pulled Evelina to his side. "Lemira, stop trying to twist things. You ruined the dress because you couldn't have it, didn't you?"
Lemira shot him a cold look. "Why would I ruin a dress that doesn't even belong to Evelina?"
Evander scoffed. "You're just jealous that Eve gets to wear this dress and you can't. Asher, are you just going to let Lemira act so arrogantly?"
Asher Langston frowned at Lemira. "This was a birthday gift for Ms. Waverly. Now that you've ruined it, how am I supposed to explain this?"
Lemira's eyes filled with scorn. So, they wanted her to be the scapegoat again?
Before she could speak, Alaric Langston stood up. "Asher, I saw it clearly. It was Evelina who deliberately poured the wine on the dress. Lemira had nothing to do with it; she didn't even move."
Evander grew flustered and angry. "That's only because Lemira's words scared Eve, making her hand tremble and lose her grip on the glass!"
“Evander, you're just making baseless accusations and trying to slander Lemira."
Alaric was furious. He turned to Asher. "Asher, none of this would have happened if Evander hadn't taken it upon himself to let Evelina wear this dress today. The people you should be blaming are Evander and Evelina!"
Asher's brow furrowed. "Can you all just quiet down? Do you have to cause trouble?"
Evander quickly interjected, "Asher, no matter what, it's Lemira's fault the dress got stained. It has nothing to do with Eve."
Asher looked directly at Lemira. "It's too late to get another gift now. The Waverlies already know what prepared. You will go and apologize to them in person." fo FindNovel.net
Upon hearing this, Evelina's eyes lit up. "Asher, I'll go too. After all, I'm also at fault in this."
If she could attend Ms. Waverly's birthday party, she could meet so many wealthy people and put Lemira in her place.
Lemira grabbed a towel and wiped her face. "There's no need for all that trouble."
Asher was getting angry. "What did you just say?"
"She said there's no need for all that trouble."
The door to the private room swung open, and Stella Waverly stood at the entrance, surveying everyone inside.
Stella's gaze fell on Lemira. Seeing her wine-stained clothes, her expression shifted slightly as she slowly walked over.
The moment Stella appeared, Asher's face paled.
Asher shot up and rushed over, looking nervously at Stella. “What are you doing here?"
"Am I not allowed? I heard it was your family dinner."
Stella smiled, her eyes landing on Evelina. "That dress looks a little familiar."
Asher felt like this was the unluckiest day of his life.
He glanced back at Evelina, his eyes
practically shooting flames. If it
werent for these two idiots, today.
wouldn't be such a disaster.
Asher never would have imagined Stella would show up here. How much had she heard?
Asher began, “I'm sorry. I'll explain about the dress later."
"Shouldn't the person wearing the dress be the one to explain?"
Stella looked nonchalantly at Evelina. "Miss, that dress size is a bit small for you. Don't you feel constricted wearing it?"
Evelina's expression turned
unnatural. Of course, she knew the dress was a bit small; she'd been.
sucking in her stomach the whole time and barely dared to eat anything. 
###Chapter 602
But what right did this woman have to speak to her like that?
Evander jumped in first, speaking to Stella without any courtesy. "Who do you think you are? This dress was custom-made for Eve. It fits her perfectly."
“Evander, shut up!”
Cold sweat broke out on Asher's forehead. He looked at Stella. "Which room are
you in? I'll walk you over first and then explain everything."
Stella avoided Asher's hand. “It seems your relationship with this young lady is quite close."
"You've misunderstood. Eve is just my sister."
"But I thought you only had one sister, Lemira, wasn't it? Not some Eve."
Stella's tone remained calm throughout.
Seeing Stella's expression, Lemira's tense heart finally relaxed. It seemed this Ms. Waverly wasn't as fragile as she looked.
The next second, Stella looked over at her and offered her a tissue.
Lemira took it. "Thank you."
"I should be the one saying that."
Stella had heard everything from outside the entire conversation among the Langstons and everything that had transpired.
Asher softened his tone, speaking to Stella. "I'll get you another birthday gift.”
He couldn't afford to offend the Waverlies right now.
"No need. I quite like this dress."
Stella walked slowly toward Evelina. Though her steps were slow, it was still apparent she had difficulty walking.
Evelina suddenly realized something. "Asher, is-is she Ms. Waverly?"
After all, Asher was being so deferential, talking about a birthday gift, and the woman had a noticeable limp.
Asher quickly nodded. "Yes, that's Ms. Waverly."
Evelina's expression changed instantly. She stammered awkwardly, "Stella, I...”
"Don't call me that so casually. You're older than I am."
Stella glanced at the dress Evelina was wearing. "Now, take off my birthday present."
Evelina's expression froze. “I—I didn't mean to."
"Whether you meant to or not, isn't it a bit classless to show off in someone else's dress?"
Stella's words were like a slap across Evelina's face.
Evelina felt utterly humiliated. A dark
glint flashed in her eyes. This damet
cripple didn't deserve to wear beautiful dress. 
She quickly moved toward Evander, her voice trembling. “Evander."
Stella grabbed Evelina's arm. "I'm talking to you. Why are you running away-ah!"
Evelina forcefully pulled her arm away, causing Stella to lose her balance and stumble.
"Watch out!"
"Stella!"
Lemira and Asher lunged forward at the same time.
But Lemira was faster, catching Stella just in time.
She looked at Stella with concern. "Are you alright?"
fine."
Stella was stunned for a few seconds, then blushed as she steadied herself. "I'm
Asher's hand was still outstretched in mid-air. He awkwardly retracted it and turned to Evelina. "You..."
"How do you even walk? You tried to push her over on purpose, didn't you?"
Lemira preemptively questioned Evelina.
Asher shot Lemira a surprised look. What was wrong with her, always stealing his lines?
Evelina hid behind Evander, looking wronged. "Evander, I really didn't do
it on purpose. How was supposed to know Ms Waverly would grab me?" 
"Eve, I know you're innocent. I'll stand up for you."
Evander looked directly at Stella. "Ms. Waverly, don't try to frame people. Our Eve has a kind heart and would never do something like this. As for you, if your legs are unsteady, you shouldn't be wandering around..." .net
"Shut up!"
Asher angrily raised his hand and slapped Evander across the face.
Evander shouted in shock, "Asher, you dare to hit me? For a crip "
Lemira grabbed a bottle of red wine and forced it against Evander's mouth, pouring it in.
Just shut up!
###Chapter 603
Lemira held Evander's chin, forcing the red wine down his throat.
She said coldly, "If your mouth is filthy, then I'll help you wash it out. Don't mention
it."
Evander choked on the wine, his face turning beet red, but he couldn't break free from Lemira's grip. He was shocked-when did Lemira get so strong?
Evelina fretted nearby. "Lemira, what are you doing? Let go!"
Only after she had emptied the entire bottle did Lemira finally release him.
Stella watched from the side with a faint smile. She hadn't expected Lemira to be so tough.
Once freed, Evander was livid. "Asher, are you just going to stand there and watch Lemira do this to me?"
Asher's voice was stern. "Evander, I think Lemira was right. Your mouth really does need a good washing."
Did Evander think he could talk about Stella that way?
Could they afford to offend the Waverlies?
Evander was an absolute idiot.
Evelina realized the gravity of the situation. The Langston family couldn't afford to offend Stella, let alone the entire Waverly family.
Evelina quickly said, “Asher, we know we were wrong. Evander was just worried and misspoke. He didn't mean it. After all, he's in a wheelchair himself, so why would he say something so hurtful?"
Asher glanced at Evander's leg and said, “Both of you, apologize to Ms. Waverly. Now."
Evelina was the first to speak. "Ms. Waverly, I'm sorry I almost made you fall just now. It was my fault. And Evander never thinks before he speaks. I'm sure you won't hold it against him, right?"
After all, Evander was disabled too.
Surely one disabled person would sympathize with another.
Stella gave a faint smile. "So, you wore my dress, stained it, and think a simple apology is enough?"
"But Lemira was the one who stained the dress."
Evander looked at Lemira. "If you want to settle a score, go settle it with Lemira."
Stella looked at Asher. "Is that so?"
Asher glanced at Evander's disabled leg and finally said, "It was indeed Lemira who stained the dress just now."
Lemira let out a cold laugh upon hearing that.
Asher grew annoyed. “Lemira, what's with that attitude? Don't think I'll cover for you just because you're my sister."
"Enough."
Stella
wasked up, her gaze cold. "It Evelina who deliberatect
clearly
poured the wine on the dress. Are
you all stifttrying to
Wera?
Evander insisted, "Lemira did it. We all saw it, right, Asher?"
Asher nodded. If he let Evelina take all the blame now, she probably couldn't handle
it.
Besides, Lemira was involved in this whole affair anyway.
Lemira's eyes were filled with mockery as she looked at Stella. “You saw it too, didn't you?"
Stella felt a pang of guilt. She had misunderstood Lemira in the past, too.
She had thought Lemira was just
arrogant brat, jealous that her
adopted sister was more
outstanding, so she made things
difficult for her at every tum
But today, she had heard the entire incident with her own ears and witnessed the
Langstons' slander against Lemira.
Asher grew nervous and looked at Stella. "You saw it?"
Stella's eyes turned icy. She stepped forward and slapped Asher across the face. "Yes, I saw everything. But I
never expected you to lie so
blatantly just to frame your own
sister." 
FindNovel.net
At that moment, Stella began to wonder if Asher had been lying to her all along.
After the slap, the private room fell completely silent.
Everyone present was too stunned to speak.
Especially Evander and Evelina. Asher had always been the patriarch of the family,
and they had never seen him treated like this before.
###Chapter 604
After being slapped, Asher's eyes darkened for a moment before he quickly regained his composure.
But his tone was now strained. "Stella, even if Lemira didn't do it, this incident is still related to her."
"So you think I'm blind? That I couldn't see that little two-faced girl's act just now?"
Stella was angry. "There's something wrong with my leg, not my eyes."
Asher was left speechless. Finally, he looked at Evelina. "Get over here!"
Reluctance filled Evelina's eyes. She didn't want to go over, nor did she want to admit she did it on purpose.
Damn it, how did that cripple see everything?
Evander stepped in front of Evelina, facing Asher. "Asher, it was my idea to let Eve wear this dress. If you're going to blame someone, blame me. Why are you picking on Eve? Don't forget, she saved our family."
Evander's guilt trip was so effective it nearly suffocated Asher.
He pointed at Evander. "Who gave you the right to speak to me like that?"
"Asher, you're protecting Ms. Waverly, so of course, I have to protect my person."
Evander's attitude was self-righteous, showing no remorse. Evelina hid behind him like an ostrich.
Asher roared, “Are you two trying to kill me with anger?"
Watching this scene from the side, Lemira burst out laughing.
She never thought the boomerang would come back from Evander himself. Brilliant.
Asher turned his head to look at Lemira. “You find this funny?"
Lemira nodded. "It is pretty funny. I think Evander has a point. Evelina did do the Langston family a great service. It's not right for you to be so aggressive."
Since the stage was set, she didn't mind adding more fuel to the fire.
Asher always loved to use guilt trips, didn't he? Now that his own interests were threatened, Lemira was curious to see if he would still stand by his principle of 'blood is thicker than water'. 
Lemira's mocking gaze made Asher feel like he was about to cough up blood.
Finally, Asher tugged at his tie and
looked down at Stella. "I didn't know the family had given the dress to Eve
give you a proper explanation for this. Let me walk you back to your room first." 
He couldn't let Stella stay here any longer, or things would become even harder to handle.
But Stella didn't move. She pointed at Evelina. "I'm a generous person. If she takes my dress off right now, I can let today's matter go."
Asher frowned. "But Eve didn't bring a change of clothes."
"Her lack of preparation is her problem. Am I supposed to show consideration for a thief?"
Stella's demeanor suddenly became forceful.
After overhearing Evelina's arrogant words in the restroom earlier and now seeing her feign weakness, Stella was furious.
She hated these two-faced girls the most.
Stella stood her ground. "I don't care. She takes that dress off right now, or this isn't over."
Evander cut in. "It's just a dress. You're going to marry Asher and become part of the family. What's wrong with letting your sister wear a dress?"
Asher shot Evander a warning glare to shut up.
Stella looked coldly at Asher. "Are all
of you in the Langston family this shameless? If so, I'll have to
reconsider
y relationship with you.
up to be your family's
I'm not signing up to be
meal ticket." 
Asher was frustrated and helpless. “Stella, this is all just a misunderstanding!"
"I don't want to hear these excuses. Either she takes off the dress now, or we break
up!"
Stella's stance was resolute.
###Chapter 605
Lemira was a bit surprised when she heard Stella suggest breaking up.
She hadn't expected Stella to be even more decisive than she was.
When Stella mentioned breaking up, Asher was stunned. "You want to break up?"
"Yes. I never realized what kind of people your Langston family was. That woman wore my dress, and you were actually fine with her wearing it home to change, and then giving it back to me?"
Stella's expression was laced with sarcasm. "Asher, do you really think I need this one dress? How dare you humiliate me like this?"
When Stella heard Asher say those words earlier, she knew he had never really liked her.
Their time together had been a charade.
She might have a physical disability, but she refused to be deceived by a man.
Only then did Asher realize Stella had truly heard everything. He explained nervously, "Stella, that's not what I meant."
Stella was firm. "I'm giving you a chance to make it right."
Asher's face turned livid. He spun around and walked toward Evelina, who shrank back in fear.
Evander blocked his path. "Asher, what are you doing? You want to s*** Eve of her clothes? That's not appropriate, is it?"
Asher stared coldly at the two of them, his voice low. "Take off the dress. Otherwise, both of you can get out of the Langston family!"
His collaborations with the Waverlies were extensive. If he broke up with Stella, the Langston Group could face a bankruptcy crisis.
Thinking of this, Asher's gaze grew even colder.
He stared at Evelina. "I know you've always been smart. I hope you can make a smart choice now."
Evelina was furious. Of all the days to run into Ms. Waverly, it had to be today. Damn it!
Of course, she couldn't anger Asher, and she certainly couldn't offend Ms. Waverly. Evelina knew Asher had received a lot of investment and business from the Waverlies.
She nodded, looking wronged. "Evander, can you have someone buy me an outfit from a nearby store?"
Evander looked at Evelina. "You don't have to put yourself through this. I told you, you won't have to suffer when you're with me."
But Evelina was cursing him internally. Then stop flapping your gums and actually stand up to Asher.
You have no real power, just empty promises. What good is that?
Lemira suddenly pointed toward the door. "You can ask Bistrova for a waitress uniform. That would be the fastest way."
After Lemira spoke, Stella, who was beside her, nodded. "That's right. Have Bistrova send over a staff uniform."
Asher breathed a sigh of relief. "I'll go tell them.”
No matter how unwilling Evelina was, she could only change into the Bistrova
waitress uniform. She was so angry she was on the verge of tears.
She had come to Bistrova for dinner in a designer dress, planning to brag to Susanna Sinclair and the others back
Chool to stop them from
always looking down on her. 
Now, Stella and Lemira had ruined everything.
When Lemira saw Evelina return in the waitress uniform, she burst out laughing. "Actually, this outfit really suits you. After all, what's stolen was never yours to begin with." 
Evelina immediately started sobbing and walked to Evander's side. "Evander, I didn't steal anything. Boo-hoo, this uniform is so ugly. People will think I work here it's so humiliating." 
This was all Evander's fault, this idiot. He was the reason she was being humiliated by this cripple, Ms. Waverly.
Evander pointed at Lemira and demanded, "You go change into a uniform too. Wear the same thing as Eve so she won't feel awkward."
Hearing this ridiculous request, Lemira retorted coldly, "Why don't you change into a staff uniform as well? You two would make a matching couple."
Evander's expression faltered. "Why would I wear a staff uniform? Lemira, what is this attitude?"
"My attitude matches yours."
Lemira didn't give Evander a pleasant look either.
###Chapter 606
Asher frowned and cut in, "Alright, stop arguing. Don't make a scene for everyone to see."
Can't you see Ms. Waverly is still here? Isn't this embarrassing?
Asher brought the discarded dress to Stella. "The dress has been returned. You should be satisfied now, right?"
Stella used to be so easy to please. Why did he have such bad luck to be caught by her today?
He was filled with regret. He shouldn't have suggested letting Evelina wear it and then changing out of it back home.
Stella glanced at the dress, then turned and tossed it directly into the trash can, pouring the remaining red wine over it.
Watching this, Lemira wanted to applaud.
When Evelina saw this, her heart bled with pain. If Stella didn't want the dress, she should have just left it for her.
To make her change out of it and then throw it away right in front of her this was a blatant insult!
Asher's face soured as he looked at Stella. "What are you doing?"
"Throwing it away, of course. Did you think I would want a dress someone else has worn?"
Stella looked at Asher defiantly. "In your eyes, your adopted sister is a treasure, but in my eyes, she's nothing."
A flash of anger crossed Asher's eyes. This was a direct slap in the face, but he couldn't say anything to Stella.
He couldn't argue with her words, especially since the Langston family was in the wrong today.
Asher could only swallow his pride. "You're right. I'll make it up to you with another birthday gift later."
Stella glanced at Evelina over there. "A driver's daughter should know her place. Wearing fine clothes doesn't turn a crow into a phoenix."
Evelina burst into tears. "Ms. Waverly, I've always known my place. I've spent all these years in the Langston family carefully trying to please everyone."
Evander immediately said with heartache, “Eve, don't cry. I know it hasn't been easy for you in the Langston family."
Stella shot back, "It looks pretty easy to me. I heard the Langston family favors their adopted daughter so much they even kicked their own daughter out of the house."
Upon hearing this, Evelina's tears stopped. This damn cripple knew quite a lot.
Asher didn't want Stella to stay any longer. He quickly said, "Stella, every family has its problems. The Langston family was wrong today, and I will explain everything property But there's no need to let your family know about this, right?" 
If the Waverlies found out, the nature of the matter would change completely.
1.n
"If you don't want me to tell my family, that's fine. But your adopted sister deliberately ruined the dressz and then refused to admit her mistake. Are you just going to let someone with such poor character off the hook?" 
Stella continued to press the issue with Evelina.
Evelina gritted her teeth in anger. Would this damn cripple ever let it go?
Asher was caught in a difficult position, but he still looked at

Evelina. "It's my fault for spoiling you. I always thought about how your parents passed away and how your father did our family a great service. I never expected you to turn out like this. Come over and apologize to Ms. Waverly, admit your mistake, and promise never to do it again." 
Evelina's voice grew shrill. "Asher, I did nothing wrong! It was Lemmy who deliberately scared me, that's why I spilled the wine on the dress."
Evander chimed in, "Asher, Eve is my fiancée, your future sister-in-law. If anyone should apologize, it should be Lemira!"
Lemira sneered. “Do you two think Ms. Waverly is a fool you can so easily deceive?”
But Stella looked at Asher. “Isn't Evelina your adopted sister? How is she also your sister-in-law? Isn't that incestuous?"
Asher's face instantly became a kaleidoscope of colors.
He wanted nothing more than to drag Evelina and Evander out. They were completely useless troublemakers.
Why had he never realized before how much trouble Evelina could cause?
###Chapter 607
Lemira could see that Asher was now annoyed with Evelina.
After all, Evelina's stunt with the dress today had offended Ms. Waverly.
Lemira hadn't expected Evelina to hand over such a perfect opportunity, which Stella happened to witness.
She had initially worried that Stella would be bullied by the "two-faced" girl, but it turned out Stella was quite a fighter herself.
It took Asher a long moment to force out a response. "We will be annulling the adoption soon. Then Evelina will have no connection to our family."
"But you haven't annulled it yet, have you? If word of this gets out, it will bring shame to the Waverly family as well. People might even think Evelina is involved with both of you brothers."
Stella's words were blunt.
Given her status, if she had to tolerate being bullied by a two-faced girl, she would never have survived in the Waverly family this long.
Asher gritted his teeth. "I'll handle it."
At that moment, Evelina burst into tears. "Asher, I've long said that now that I'm an adult, I can move out of the Langston home to avoid causing gossip.”
Stella scoffed. “Your legs are your own. If you want to leave, who's stopping you?" Evelina was taken aback and lowered her head, sobbing pitifully.
Evander was heartbroken and snapped, “You haven't even married into the family yet. What gives you the right to throw your weight around here?"
"I want nothing to do with people like you."
With that, Stella turned and left the private room.
Asher's expression changed dramatically. He looked back at Evelina and Evander. "I'll deal with you two when I get back!"
Asher rushed out after her.
Lemira was a little worried about Stella, but after seeing the look Stella gave her, she sat back down.
Just then, the waiter began serving the food.
Having watched the drama for a while, Lemira was hungry. She
picked up her utensils and stare
eating. She had to admit, the food at Bistrova was excellent. 
As soon as Asher and Stella left, Evelina's crying stopped.
Evelina was worried. "Evander, what do we do? Ms. Waverly is definitely angry. Our
family can't afford to offend the Waverlies."
"Don't worry, I'll talk to Asher. If he
hadn't shirked his responsibility back then ny leg wouldn't have been
amputated. He owes me." .net>
Evander spoke with absolute conviction, feeling no sense of wrongdoing. "Besides, Ms. Waverly is a cripple She's lucky to be marrying a man as outstanding as Aster. Who else would have her?" 
Evelina paused, thinking his words made sense.
But Lemira laughed, her eyes filled with scorn. "Don't you two know that Asher is marrying into the Waverly family?"
"Marrying into her family? Impossible. There's no way Asher would do that."
Evander was the first to deny it. That was absolutely impossible.
Evelina was also puzzled. She looked at Lemira. "How do you know that?"
"The Caspian incident. I called a press conference, but the Waverlies shut it down. At that time, Asher admitted it himself."
Lemira didn't mention that it was Matthew Everhart who had revealed it.
Thinking of Matthew brought Orion Everhart to mind. They were actually brothers.
That made sense. Matthew's attitude toward Orion had always been different; she should have noticed something was off.
Alaric was also shocked. "He's marrying into their family? Did Asher agree to that?” Given Asher's prideful nature, how could he accept such an arrangement? Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile. "But the Langston family is nothing compared to the Waverlies. What else could he do?"
Evander spoke up indignantly. “But Ms. Waverly is a cripple. What gives her the right?"
###Chapter 608
"You're disabled yourself. You're no better than Ms. Waverly."
Lemira couldn't stand how Evander kept calling Stella a cripple.
But that sentence thoroughly enraged Evander. He lunged at Lemira, shouting, "What did you just say? Say it again if you have the guts!"
Lemira put down her fork. "I said you're a disabled person in a wheelchair yourself. What right do you have to call someone else a cripple?"
"Lemira, you ungrateful monster, siding with an outsider to insult me, you..."
Seeing Evander approach, Lemira flipped the entire table, sending all the food spilling onto him.
A whole steamed fish landed squarely on Evander's lap.
Evander's eyes reddened with rage. “Lemira, do you think just because you've grown up and gotten bold, I can't hit you anymore?"
Lemira kicked over Evander's wheelchair. He fell right into the mess of leftover food, a completely pathetic sight.
Lemira looked down at him. "Don't think I won't touch you just because you're disabled."
"Lemira, if you treat me like this, aren't you afraid I'll never forgive you?"
Evander's voice changed with anger. He never imagined Lemira would actually dare to lay a hand on him.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "I would be delighted."
She no longer cared about anything related to the Langston family.
Evander struggled to get up from the floor, unable to balance on one leg. He looked toward Evelina.
At this moment, Evelina had no desire to go over to him. She just felt utterly humiliated.
But now that Asher was upset with her, if she didn't secure her position with Evander, how would she survive in the Langston family in the future?
Evelina had no choice but to hold her nose and walk over, handing him a napkin first. “Evander, wipe yourself off."
Lemira looked at Evander. "You two should figure out how to solve the issue with the Waverlies. If you offend them, the Langston family could go bankrupt in an instant Then you won't have to worry about an engagement, you'll be struggling just to get by.” 
Evander yelled, "This is all your fault!"
Lemira retorted, "I'm not the one who wore a stolen dress."
Just then, a waiter came in. "Excuse me, who will be settling the bill?"
Lemira's lips curled into a slight smile as she pointed at Evander. "He's paying. After all, someone was throwing a party to celebrate an engagement."
"Fine, I'll pay."
Evander fumbled around his pockets and finally said awkwardly, “I forgot my wallet. My credit cards aren't on me."
Evelina felt a wave of embarrassment. "Then what do we do?"
"I just assumed Asher would be here and we could put it on his tab.”
Evander hadn't expected Asher to leave without paying. He looked at the waiter "You know my brother Asher Langston, right. Just put it on his name. It's no trouble." 
"I'm sorry, sir, but we don't run tabs."
The waiter walked up to Evander. "Cash or card?"
Evander's face flushed red. He had no choice but to look at Alaric. “Alaric, can you
spot me for this? I'll pay you back."
Alaric replied flatly, "Evelina got my
e-sports team disbanded. I'm
Bit Where
drowning in debt and have to pay a hefty compensation to Maple Group to stay out of would get the money?" 
Evander grew angry. “Then use your credit card.”
"My credit cards are all maxed out. Since you and Evelina are engaged, why don't you ask her to pay?"
Alaric was determined not to spend a single cent.
Evander, annoyed, looked directly at Lemira. "Then you pay. You ate the most out of everyone here."
Lemira's lips curled. "Then beg me."
###Chapter 609
Lemira had truly underestimated the depths of Evander's shamelessness.
Had Evander been this shameless in her past life? Then again, she hadn't interacted with him much back then.
At that time, Evelina was already with Dorian Draven, trying her hardest to marry into the prestigious Draven family. She had never heard anything about Evander and Evelina.
Evander shouted in frustration, "Lemira, I'm your brother, for god's sake. Is it so hard for you to pay a single bill?"
"And you deserve that title?"
Lemira had no desire to waste any more time there and turned to leave the private room.
Behind her, she heard Evander demanding money from Alaric, even bringing up the pocket money he had given Alaric as a child and asking for it back now.
Lemira couldn't help but laugh out loud. She hadn't realized Evander could sink so low.
But she had seen enough of Evelina's downfall for one day.
After today's events, Lemira was curious to see if Asher could continue to tolerate Evelina and preach about 'blood being thicker than water'.
To be honest, she was rather looking forward to it.
Lemira walked alone to the entrance of Bistrova, glancing back at the window of the private room where she and Orion had eaten last time.
They had stood by that window and kissed.
Suddenly, Lemira saw a fleet of luxury cars pull up to the curb. She was taken
aback. It seemed someone of high status was coming to dine here.
She instinctively moved to the side, but several bodyguards in black uniforms got out of the cars and walked directly toward her.
Lemira's eyes widened in surprise. What was going on?
The bodyguards formed two lines and spoke in unison, "Ms. Lemira, please get in the car."
Lemira was startled. "Are you sure you have the right person?"
"Ms. Langston, Mrs. Amanda sent us to pick you up."
Mrs. Amanda?
Lemira thought about her
relationship with Orion. After running into Mis Amanda and Sophia Sinclair at the elevator in Bistrova that day, Mrs. Amanda must know who she was now. 'FindNovel.net
She glanced at the bodyguards and guessed what Mrs. Amanda wanted to talk to her about.
Just then, Lemira's phone buzzed with a WhatsApp message from Mrs. Amanda: [I sent the drivers. Don't worry.]
Seeing the message, Lemira didn't hesitate and followed the bodyguards into the
car.
"Lemira, where are you going?"
After getting into the car, Lemira saw the Langstons coming out of Bistrova. Evander and Evelina clearly looked unhappy.
She wondered who ended up paying the bill.
Lemira ignored Alaric outside and the car drove away.
Alaric chased after it for a few steps and then anxiously called Lemira, but she didn't answer.
"Alaric, where did Lemira go?"
Seeing the fleet of luxury cars, Evelina felt a pang of jealousy. Those cars looked incredibly expensive. Who had picked Lemira up?
Alaric looked at the departing cars, a little worried. “I don't know. She's not answering my calls."
Evander rolled his wheelchair over, still covered in food stains. He said viciously, "I really underestimated Lemire. No wonder she's getting more and more arrogant. Did she find some powerful backer?"
Evelina's eyes were filled with doubt. “But I haven't heard of Lemira knowing anyone powerful. Could it be Mrs. Amanda?"
Evander scoffed. "What kind of
person is Mrs. Amanda? Why would she send a car to pick up Lemira
that girl really have thatmuch pull?" ?wnovels
Evelina had to agree. It was unlikely Lemira had that much influence.
Alaric was still worried and sent Lemira a text: [Whose car did you get into? If anything happens, call me right away.]
Lemira glanced at the message but didn't reply.
There was no need to tell the Langstons about her relationship with the Everhart family anyway.
Soon, Lemira arrived at a beauty salon.
She got out of the car and looked at it. The salon looked very high-end, a fitting place for wealthy women.
###Chapter 610
Soon, someone approached Lemira. “Ms. Langston, please follow me."
Lemira followed them inside, changed into a robe, and entered a private inner room where she saw Mrs. Amanda lying on a chair with a face mask on.
"Lemira, you're here."
Mrs. Amanda sat up. "Lie down and try it. The techniques at this salon are quite good."
Before Lemira could say anything, she was guided to a reclining chair. A soothing substance was applied to her face, and someone began to massage it.
Lemira felt a mix of apprehension and confusion.
Mrs. Amanda must know about her and Orion by now. According to standard procedure, wasn't this the part where Mrs. Amanda was supposed to slap a check on the table and tell her to leave Orion?
Lemira couldn't understand Mrs. Amanda's approach.
After the massage, Lemira felt completely relaxed. She sat up and looked at Mrs. Amanda. "You didn't invite me here just for a massage, did you?"
"You guessed right. There's something else."
Mrs. Amanda clapped her hands, and several attendants brought in numerous gift bags, practically surrounding Lemira.
Lemira glanced at the bags. “Mrs. Amanda, if you have something to say, please just say it directly. There's no need for all this."
Mrs. Amanda waved her hand, and the attendants left.
She looked at Lemira and sighed. "I know this might make our relationship awkward."
Before she knew who Lemira was, Mrs. Amanda had genuinely liked her.
Lemira took the initiative. "Orion and I have already broken up."
"What?"
Mrs. Amanda's expression was one of astonishment. It was unbelievable, especially after she had tried so hard to convince Orion to break up with her and failed.
Mrs. Amanda grew nervous. Could it be that Lemira knew everything?
Lemira's tone was calm. “He hid his identity from me throughout our relationship. I consider that a form of deceit, so I broke up with him."
Mrs. Amanda looked at Lemira with guilt in her eyes.
If that was the case, then Orion probably hadn't told her about the car accident all those years ago.
Mrs. Amanda went over and took
mira's hand. "This is indeed our family's fault, and. and
I make it up to
you. So, Lemira, would you be willing
to become my goddaughter?"
Goddaughter?
A hint of irony flashed in Lemira's eyes. So this was how Mrs. Amanda intended to make amends?
Mrs. Amanda held her hand. “Child, I don't mean to insult you. If you become my daughter, no one will ever dare to bully you again.”
Mrs. Amanda genuinely wanted to atone for the mistakes of the past.
Especially after learning how poorly Lemira was treated in the Langston family, Mrs. Amanda hadn't slept well for days.
Faced with Mrs. Amanda's kindness, Lemira felt a bit overwhelmed. "Mrs. Amanda, you don't have to do this.
Orion and I have truly broken up. I won't bother him again." 
"This has nothing to do with him. I simply want a daughter. I've also prepared many gifts for you. Take them all."
Lemira watched as Mrs. Amanda pushed a box into her hands. She opened it to find
a set of luxury car keys and a stack of property deeds.
This time, Lemira was truly stunned.
Mrs. Amanda hadn't thrown a check at her, but instead offered luxury cars and villas?
Before Lemira could process it all, Mrs. Amanda handed her a folder. "I am very sincere. Once you become my daughter, you can inherit my assets. You just need to sign this and you'll own everything listed in this document." 
Lemira glanced at the assets listed in the document, which even included company
shares. All told, it had to be worth hundreds of millions.
Mrs. Amanda looked like she wanted to grab her hand and force her to sign with a fingerprint.
Lemira didn't move. "Mrs. Amanda."
"Call me godmother. You must accept these gifts today! You must become a
member of my Everhart family today!"
###Chapter 611
Lemira never in her wildest dreams imagined that the next time she saw Mrs.
Amanda, it would be under these circumstances.
She'd expected a scene out of a movie, with a wealthy socialite slapping a check on the table, warning her not to get any ideas about marrying into wealth.
She never, ever expected this.
But in the end, Lemira didn't sign the papers. She left the box on the table.
She said earnestly, "You don't have to worry about me and Orion..."
"My dear, I want you to be my daughter, and it has nothing to do with Orion. I'm his stepmother, and there are many things I can't control. But I genuinely like you."
Mrs. Amanda naturally saw the guarded look in Lemira's eyes. She knew her actions could easily be misinterpreted as having an ulterior motive.
But she truly wanted to make it up to Lemira, and she'd grown quite fond of her.
Mrs. Amanda knew Lemira had a difficult time with the Langston family and wanted to offer her the protection of a real family.
"But Mrs. Amanda, didn't you prefer Ms. Sinclair as your daughter-in-law?"
Mrs. Amanda paused, then explained awkwardly, "That was my wishful thinking. It was always one-sided; Orion never agreed to it. Please don't misunderstand him on this point. You're the only girl he's ever cared for all these years."
On this, Mrs. Amanda couldn't lie to Lemira.
But that girl had to be Lemira.
Mrs. Amanda couldn't imagine what would happen when Lemira found out the truth about the car accident, but she knew the pain would be far greater than what she was feeling now.
Hearing Mrs. Amanda's explanation firsthand, Lemira's feelings became incredibly complicated.
Could everything Sophia had told her that day have been a lie?
Just then, the door to the private room was suddenly pushed open.
Orion walked in, his face grim, flanked by members of TG Group's PR team.
Lemira froze for a moment when she saw him. Since their breakup at the gym, they hadn't spoken or seen each other once.
He was wearing a suit today, his hair perfectly styled, looking every bit the consummate corporate executive.
&
Orion saw Lemira in the spa robe, a seaweed mud mask still on her face. She certainly didn't look like shed been dragged here by Mrs Amanda to be intimidated. fo FindNovel.net
The atmosphere in the room grew tense.
Lemira glanced at Orion once before looking away.
Mrs. Amanda stood up and faced her stepson. "What are you doing here? And why did you bring so many people? Are you planning t start a fight 
Orion's lips were set in a thin, cold line. He had rushed over the moment he received Debby's message.
He walked straight over and stood beside Lemira. "Mom, I told you not to bother Lemira."
"I'm not bothering her. I invited her for a spa day and even bought her all these lovely gifts."
Mrs. Amanda felt utterly wronged. "Oh, speaking of which, there's something I need to tell you. I want to adopt Lemire as my goddaughter
You know ve alwa
daughter, but Matthew had to be a boy." 
FindNovel.net
This had been a point of regret for Mrs. Amanda for a very long time.
Orion's expression changed, and he refused flatly. "No."
"Why not? You two have already broken up, haven't you?"
The word "breakup" was like a knife to Orion's heart. "I never agreed to it, and I never will."
Lemira could only be his girlfriend, not his sister.
Orion's brow furrowed. "If you want a daughter, have another child with Dad. With modern IVF, it wouldn't be a problem at all."
Mrs. Amanda was so angry she was speechless for a moment.
Lemira, standing to the side, was a bit surprised but said nothing. It seemed Orion and his stepmother had a rather good relationship.
Finally, Mrs. Amanda grabbed Lemira's hand and said indignantly to Orion, "You're the one who got dumped. You can't blame me for that."
Orion's eyes held a trace of weariness. "I'm in the middle of winning her back. Could you please not complicate things?"
As they went back and forth, Lemira's expression grew awkward. Could they please stop talking about her breakup with Orion?
###Chapter 612
Were they acting like she wasn't even there?
So much for the rich socialite and the check. Why wasn't this going according to the script?
Mrs. Amanda was still holding Lemira's hand. "Oh, Lemira, why don't you go wash your face and change? I'll take you shopping. I heard some new collections just came out that would be perfect for a young woman like you."
The excitement in Mrs. Amanda's eyes was impossible to hide. She was itching to experience the thrill of dressing up a daughter.
After all, when she used to dress up Matthew as a child, he'd go from an adorable little cherub one second to a little monkey who'd just rolled in the mud the next. There was absolutely no satisfaction in it.
Lemira hesitated, trying to think of an excuse to decline.
Orion glanced at the time. "She has to get back to campus. Her dorm has a curfew."
"Oh, that's right. I'd forgotten about that. Well, we'll just have to schedule it for another time."
Disappointment filled Mrs. Amanda's eyes.
Lemira could only nod. Ever since hearing Mrs. Amanda personally clarify that there was no engagement between Orion and Sophia, her heart had been in turmoil.
The main reason she had been so angry and broken up with Orion was because of his supposed involvement with Sophia.
But now she knew Sophia had been lying.
Just then, Orion took Lemira's wrist. "I'll take her back."
Mrs. Amanda quickly added, "Don't forget to take all the things I bought for you."
"I'll buy them for her."
Lemira had no chance to respond before Orion whisked her away.
Once they left the room, Lemira instinctively stopped, her expression a little unnatural. "I haven't changed yet."
"I'll have Debby bring you your clothes."
Orion didn't want her spending any more time with his stepmother, afraid she might let something slip.
But Lemira blushed, bending over slightly as she whispered, "I'm not wearing a bra." She was in a loose-fitting spa robe. How could she walk out like this?
Orion's gaze fell on her, and he immediately took off his suit jacket, draping it over her shoulders. He glanced at the assistant beside him. "Arrange a room for her to change in." s?novels
With the seaweed mask still on her face, she really couldn't leave like this.
Soon, Debby came over and led Lemira to another room.
After washing her face and changing back into her clothes, Lemira finally let out a sigh of relief. Looking at, Debby, a suspicion formed ther mind. "Are you working for him?" 
She had initially thought TG Group had recruited her to work for her as a favor to Thaddeus Draven.
Thinking back now, it was more likely that Orion had arranged everything.
Debby looked a bit awkward. "Ms. Langston, Mr. Everhart is very concerned about you. He's not trying to monitor you."
The level of care Orion showed for Lemira was definitely not just for fun and games.
Lemira said nothing. When she stepped out of the room, she saw Orion standing outside.
His back was to her, and he seemed to be speaking in a low voice, his expression serious, carrying the distinct air of a man in command.
It was a side of him she had never seen before.
As she appeared, Orion turned to look at her, his expression softening considerably. He quickly wrapped up his conversation and strode toward her. 
Lemira watched the approaching man, suddenly at a loss for what to do.
Orion stopped in front of her and instinctively reached for her hand, but Lemira pulled away.
She knew that the Orion she had just seen was his true self.
Her withdrawal seemed to freeze the air between them.
Orion's hand was left hanging, a bitter smile touching his lips. "Don't take what my mother said to heart."
Lemira looked up and said deliberately, "Mrs. Amanda wants to make me her goddaughter and offered me a lot of assets. It's something to consider."
She could sense that Mrs. Amanda wasn't trying to humiliate her with money. Orion's face instantly darkened. "Absolutely not. I don't need another sister."
He needed a wife.
###Chapter 613
Seeing Orion's dark expression brought a small flicker of satisfaction to Lemira's heart.
She turned and walked towards the elevator.
Soon, a steady set of footsteps followed behind her. She didn't have to guess who it was.
The elevator doors opened, and Lemira stepped inside. From the corner of her eye, she saw Orion follow her in, standing beside her.
They were close, with only a fist's width of distance between them.
The elevator was silent. Lemira glanced up at their reflections in the polished doors and met his dark gaze, immediately lowering her eyes.
She could feel his intense stare on her, but she refused to look up.
Orion watched her with a helpless expression, his gaze fixed on the fair profile of her face. He had barely slept these past few days.
Every time he closed his eyes, all he could see was her angry face as she said she was breaking up with him.
He had never been so anxious in his life, yet he was completely powerless against her.
Before long, the elevator doors opened.
Orion still hadn't figured out what to say when Lemira walked out without a second glance.
Frustrated and dejected, he hurried after her. "Wait, I'll take you back."
"There's no need to trouble yourself, Mr. Everhart. There are plenty of taxis here. It's very convenient."
Lemira turned back to face him, her eyes and tone distant.
Orion felt a tightness in his chest and took a deep breath. "I have something to say to you."
"I think we've already said everything that needs to be said."
Lemira tried to walk away, but he pulled her back, and she stumbled into his arms.
She instinctively struggled, but his arms held her tight.
"Orion," Lemira said, her voice strained.
"I'm here."
"You're shameless."
Orion didn't respond. Shameless was better than losing his girlfriend.
Just then, a luxury car pulled up beside them, and the window rolled down. "Ms. Langston."
Lemira looked up and saw Mrs. Waverly in the car. Her face flushed, and she shoved Orion away. The force of it was not small, and caught off guard, Orion nearly stumbled and fell.
Looking somewhat disheveled, Orion turned to the woman in the car. "Mrs. Waverly, can I help you?"
There was a clear note of displeasure in his voice. If Mrs. Waverly hadn't shown up, he would have already gotten Lemira into his car.
Why did someone have to interrupt at this exact moment?
Mrs. Waverly could see the annoyance on Orion's face and realized she had likely interrupted something, but she hadn't noticed that the man holding Lemira was Orion.
After what happened at Bistrova, Mrs. Amanda must know who the girl Orion was protecting is. Why hadn't she broken them up yet?
But seeing how protective Orion was, it seemed they wouldn't be separated anytime soon.
Mrs. Waverly spoke apologetically to Orion. "I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you were here, Mr. Everhart. I just had something I wanted to discuss with Ms. Langston." Lemira was rather curious. What could Mrs. Waverly possibly want to say to her? She had only met the woman once.
She walked over. "What is it you wanted to say, Mrs. Waverly?"
"I heard the Langston family has an adopted daughter named Evelina. It seems she's quite close with your brothers. I understand your brother Asher has cleaned up her messes several times."
Hearing this, Lemira had a good idea of what Mrs. Waverly was getting at.
She smiled. "You probably also know
that when my parents died in that car accident, Evelina's father, who was the driver, also passed away My brother Asher brought Evelina info the Langston family to raise her. They're indeed quite close, and he has always been very protective of her." 
FindNovel.net
"Protective is
is an understatement. He neglects you for his adopted sister and always takes her side. If I didn't know Evelina was adopted, I'd think your brother Asher had feelings for her, Orion interjected with a mocking tone, deliberately smearing Asher and Evelina's names. 
Mrs. Waverly frowned at his words. "I didn't take Asher for a man who can't see things clearly."
If he couldn't, the Waverlies would never have agreed to let him marry into their
family.
Orion's gaze was exceptionally
sharp. "Mrs. Waverly, you only need
to do adittle digging to find out about
the favoritism in the Langston
family. The rumors aren't just
rumors, they're all true.
Mrs. Waverly fell silent.
Orion continued, "Mrs. Waverly, if your family is looking for a man to marry in, you'd
be wise to re-evaluate his character."
###Chapter 614
As far as he was concerned, Asher was not a suitable choice.
Lemira actually felt the same way.
Just then, Orion's car pulled up to the curb.
He took Lemira's hand and guided her into the car.
Lemira glanced back at Mrs. Waverly's car. "Didn't the Waverlies investigate Asher's character or the situation with the Langston family before?"
"Because the Langstons have always lived in Sodas. Even if they investigated, all they would find are rumors about your bad reputation."
Orion turned to look at her. "As for character, if a man wants to hide his true self, you'll never see it."
But he regretted the words as soon as they left his mouth.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "You're right, Mr. Everhart. You seem to know yourself quite well."
Orion was at a loss for words. Did he just shoot himself in the foot?
He answered, lacking confidence, "I... at least I wasn't trying to leech off a family fortune."
"Is that because you were afraid I was after your family's power and status?"
"What's there to be afraid of? As long as you promise not to be angry and not to break up with me, I can have all my assets transferred to your name, and we'll share everything after we're married."
Heat rose to Lemira's cheeks as she retorted awkwardly, "Who wants to marry you? I want to break up with you."
Hearing the word "breakup" again, Orion fell silent.
He didn't answer. No matter what, he wouldn't agree.
Lemira turned to look out the window, her gaze falling on his reflection. Her heart felt heavy, as if stuffed with cotton.
But right now, she couldn't just let go of the fact that he had deceived her.
The car arrived outside the university.
Lemira opened the door and walked away without looking back.
Orion could only watch her retreating back, rubbing his temples in frustration. He loosened his tie and unbuttoned the top of his shirt.
It seemed he had a long road of coaxing ahead of him.
But the immediate priority was to stop his stepmother from adopting Lemira as her goddaughter. He didn't need another sister.
Back in her dorm, Lemira's mind was still preoccupied with what had just happened.
She saw that Stella was also back and wanted to ask her what Asher had said after he chased after her.
Stella seemed to read her mind and spoke up first. "Your brother Asher explained for a long time. He clarified that there's nothing going on between him and Evelina, that he only sees her as a and that sister, Evelina is about to get engaged to Evander anyway." 
Lemira wasn't surprised. "You saw for yourself what the Langston family is really like today."
Stella's eyes
ere clear. "I've already decided to break up with your brother."
She hadn't been deeply in love with Asher to begin with, but witnessing what happened at Bistrova
today-how he continued to lie fonet
her, taking Evelina's side and blaming envira for the dr L
dress
incident was the final straw.
It proved that all the nasty rumors about Lemira were false.
Lemira let out a sigh of relief. "I also don't think you and my brother are a good match. He's a very ambitious man."
He wouldn't be content just marrying into a family.
Asher was using Stella.
But as long as Stella could see Asher for who he truly was, things would be much simpler. At least she wouldn't be deceived.
The next few days, Lemira was busy with her team, preparing for the campus competition.
On the day of the preliminary round, all the sponsors were present.
When Lemira saw Sophia, she felt a flicker of disorientation, remembering their meeting in the coffee shop.
At that time, her mind had been a complete blank, filled with nothing but sadness and heartbreak.
Sophia approached with a smile.
"Ms. Langston, you look much better
than before. A girl should always
look forward...I'm so glad to see
you've picked yourself up and
started a new life. 
Lemira stared at Sophia, a cold smile on her lips. "I hear congratulations are in order
for you and the Everhart family?"
"We were trying to keep it low-key, but I guess the paparazzi found out."
Sophia tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, a faint smile playing on her lips. "After
all, Orion and I grew up together. No matter what happens, we were always meant to be married."
"Is that so? Then why did Mrs. Amanda say there's no engagement between you?" As Lemira spoke, Sophia's perfect smile cracked.
###Chapter 615
Lemira's expression was perfectly calm as she noted the change in Sophia's face.
In just a few seconds, Sophia's expression shifted from embarrassment to anger, before quickly settling back into a serene mask.
Lemira had to admire the top socialite's composure.
She had been completely fooled by Sophia in the coffee shop.
Sophia's smile faded, her tone taking on a haughty edge. "Orion and I were still childhood sweethearts, a perfect match in social standing. But you're different. He had to hide his true identity from you. How much do you think he really cares about you?"
Those words, naturally, stung.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "Are you dropping the act now, Ms. Sinclair?"
Sophia's eyes flashed with anger. "What act? Everything I told you before was for your own good. Did you really think some Cinderella could just marry into a fortune?"
"And yet, Ms. Sinclair, after scheming for so many years, didn't you also fail to marry a man from a wealthier family? In the end, you had to resort to dirty tricks to drive a wedge between me and Orion."
After hearing Mrs. Amanda clarify that there was no engagement, Lemira had pieced it all together. It had to be Sophia's doing.
After all, Sophia had been at Bistrova that day and knew she and Orion were together.
Sophia's plan had started with that phone call.
But the fact that Sophia knew Orion's phone passcode still bothered Lemira. Sophia's expression darkened for a moment. This little tramp was smarter than she looked.
Sophia lowered her voice. "So what? He didn't even tell you who he really was because he was afraid you'd cling to him. You must have asked him by now, right? It won't be long before he gives you the cold shoulder. After all, he could never marry you."
Sophia delivered her tirade, but her heart sank when she saw Lemira remained completely unfazed.
Suddenly, Lemira laughed, and the mockery in her eyes was a sharp sting to Sophia.
Sophia's voice grew shrill. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"Ms. Sinclair, you clearly didn't look in a mirror while you were talking. Even that thick layer of foundation can't hide your jealousy."
Lemira's light, airy words were enough to enrage Sophia.
"Don't get too cocky, Lemira. You're not worthy of the Everhart family. Neither Mrs.
Amanda nor Grandma Eileen would ever approve of you being with him."
Social status was the only weapon Sophia had against Lemira.
Lemira smiled faintly. "That's my business, not yours. You came rushing over to find me because you
wanted to test the waters, to
See
Where Orion and I stand, didn't you? To see if I'd stay with him? 
She wouldn't be foolish enough to fall for the same trick twice.
Sophia gritted her teeth in frustration. "Ms. Langston, you're just as unpleasant as the rumors say."
"And you, Ms. Sinclair, are just as charming and eloquent as they say. You can twist lies into truth and even tried to brand me as the other woman. I don't have your thick skin!" 
Lemira wasn't holding back anymore.
After all, this woman had schemed against her and caused her so much pain.
Now she realized it had all been orchestrated by Sophia.
Sophia snorted coldly. "Orion and I have known each other since we were children.
Our families were already discussing our engagement."
"You can only fool yourself with
those words. The truth is, the
Sinclair family wants to curry favor with the Everharts. You want to
marryOrion, but he's never beast.
interested in your nor does he like you." 
Her words hit a raw nerve, and Sophia, enraged, raised her hand to strike.
Lemira caught her wrist. "What's wrong? Did the truth make you lose your temper?"
###Chapter 616
"Lemira, you classless b***, how dare you have designs on Orion? Take a look at yourself. Both your parents are dead, and you have nothing..."
Lemira tightened her grip slightly, and Sophia cried out in pain, unable to finish her sentence.
Her eyes were cold. "And you have everything, yet Orion still doesn't want you. Maybe you should look at yourself for the reason why!"
She released Sophia, pushing her away. "Ms. Sinclair, if you want to keep causing trouble, I'm ready for you. I still have plenty of dirt on your sister."
Lemira still held scandalous material on Susanna. If it were to be exposed, it wouldn't just be Susanna who would be in trouble; the Sinclair family would become a laughingstock.
Sophia's face paled. She had thought this girl from a small town would be easy to handle, but it turned out she was a tough nut to crack.
Finally, Sophia said coldly, "Everyone in your Langston family is a social climber. Your brother Asher is even willing to marry into the Waverly family. You people have no shame when it comes to power."
"You're right. After all, your behavior in the coffee shop, telling all those lies, was pretty shameless too."
Lemira was completely unfazed by Sophia's insults about the Langstons.
She saw that the competition was about to start and turned to leave for the backstage area.
Sophia clutched her designer bag tightly, staring at Lemira's back. *That little b***. Just you wait!*
Lemira joined her teammates backstage.
Timothy, the team's second-best player, was discussing their strategy for the upcoming match and various contingency plans.
Watching from the side, Lemira suddenly felt confident that they would win this competition.
When the match began, Lemira led her team out. The crowd was filled with fans holding support signs with her name on them.
The cameras were mostly focused on Lemira. As a popular game streamer with exceptional skills, she garnered a lot of attention.
During the match, Lemira and Timothy worked together seamlessly. Their coordination was flawless, and in the end, they secured a decisive victory.
The audience erupted in thunderous applause and cheers.
Lemira smiled. She wasn't surprised by the result; the preliminary round was relatively easy, after all.
After their victory, a reporter came to interview Lemira. "There's one question on everyone's mind. We've noticed that Ms. Lemon often plays with a gamer whose handle is imeCould Turnback. Is he your boyfriend?" 
Lemira paused. "No."
He was, but not anymore.
The reporter immediately turned to Timothy. "You two work so well together and you've trained together for a long time. Is there really ng spark of romance between you?" 
Timothy was caught off guard by the question. He glanced at Lemira beside him and then smiled. "For
were just teammates with
great chemistry." 
Lemira knew the reporter had mistaken Timothy for Orion, since they had the same in-game name.
After the interview, Lemira led her team back to the university and arranged a victory party for the evening.
But when she got back, one of the department heads personally sought her out. "The victory dinner has been arranged. It's at Bistrova."
Everyone was stunned. "Bistrova? The legendary restaurant that's incredibly expensive and members-only?"
"Is the university treating us this well?"
The administrator smiled. "It was all arranged by the sponsor. They said you all
performed exceptionally well today, so everyone is to attend."
But Lemira was lost in thought. Could the sponsor be Sophia?
What was that woman up to?
Was she trying to show off, or did she have another trick up her sleeve?
###Chapter 617
The more Lemira thought about it, the more she felt that tonight's celebration dinner wouldn't be so simple.
But her teammates were thrilled. After all, Bistrova wasn't a place just anyone could go.
When Lemira returned to her dorm, Oanice was ecstatic, having never been to Bistrova for a meal.
Stella, hearing the news, looked at Lemira and said in a low voice, "I'll ask around, but a dinner at Bistrova is most likely connected to the Sinclair family. You should be careful."
It was probably Sophia pulling the strings, trying to cause trouble.
Lemira nodded. "I figured as much."
"Besides, the Sinclair family hasn't been doing so well these past couple of years. Why else would they be so desperate to marry their daughter into the Everhart family? Too bad Orion isn't interested in Sophia. That woman is all about keeping up appearances and putting on a fake front. She can't compare to you."
Because of her leg, Stella had always been a wallflower in social circles, but that meant she overheard a lot of gossip and secrets.
Lemira smiled. Since taking Stella to Bistrova that day, their relationship had improved significantly.
"I know."
"Here's my membership card for Bistrova. I don't really need it since they know my face, but you might."
Having navigated high society for so many years, Stella had a good idea of what Sophia might be planning.
Lemira glanced at the card and took it. "Thanks."
Since Stella offered, she didn't feel the need to be polite.
After Oanice came out of the bathroom, dressed and ready, Lemira and her teammates met up and headed to Bistrova.
When they arrived at the private room, they found several people already seated and drinking, clearly not having waited for them.
Seeing this, Lemira instinctively frowned.
At that moment, the university administrator stood up and greeted her. "Lemira, you're finally here! We've been waiting for you. Let me introduce you. These gentlemen are the sponsors from the Sinclair family."
Lemira's expression soured.
As the team sat down, the atmosphere felt off.
One of the middle-aged men raised his glass. "Congratulations on your victory
today. Fill up your glasses and have a drink with us."
But Lemira placed her hand over her glass. "We're still students, so we don't drink. We'll have juice instead."
Her words made the atmosphere in the room instantly awkward.
One of the men said coldly, "Are you going to disrespect the Sinclair family?"
"I've seen plenty of college
network. Denyou fe
like you. You're adults now; you should learn how to drink and.
basic social etiquette? 
The administrator chimed in, "The Sinclair family has been our partner for years. You should show them Some respect. It's just a few drinks, nothing serious." 
"I never begged the Sinclair family for their sponsorship!"
Lemira could see exactly what kind of dinner this was. Sophia really knew how to be disgusting.
Seeing Lemira's defiance, the
administrator stopped talking to her and instead pulled Oanice and two senior female students to sit next to
the middle-aged men. "You girls
have a few drinks with them Not too much." 
FindNovel.net
Despite his words, he filled their glasses with red wine, guilt-tripping them into drinking.
The two senior students felt they couldn't refuse, so they stood up and drank, even drinking the wine meant for Oanice.
The sponsors smiled. "See, the veterans on the team know the rules. Have another glass."
Oanice didn't want her seniors drinking for her, so she took the wine glass herself. "I'm not a good drinker, so I'll just have a little."
The man next to Oanice draped his arm over the back of her chair, leaning in close.
"If you don't know how to drink, I can teach you."
Seeing things go too far, Lemira shot to her feet, strode over to Oanice, and smacked the man's hand away.
The man's face instantly changed. "What do you think you're doing? Just because you're the team captain doesn't mean you can throw your weight around."
###Chapter 618
"I've recorded your entire act of sexual harassment on my phone. So, what do you think I'm doing? How about I send you to jail, huh?"
Lemira pulled Oanice to her feet. "Since we can't share a meal with you people, we'll just get another room."
"Lemira, where do you think you are? Do you think you can just book a private room here whenever you want?"
Just then, Sophia and Susanna walked in.
With their arrival, the middle-aged men in the room became much more restrained.
Sophia picked up a wine glass. "Ms. Langston, why so angry? A little drinking is expected when you're networking."
Lemira immediately filled Sophia's glass to the brim. "In that case, Ms. Sinclair, why don't you finish this before you speak?"
Susanna retorted angrily, "Lemira, who do you think you are to tell my sister to drink? If it weren't for her generosity, none of you would even be allowed to dine at Bistrova."
Lemira ignored Susanna and looked straight at Sophia. "Those men are employees of your Sinclair Group, aren't they? One of them sexually harassed my classmate. If this gets out, the Sinclair family's reputation will take another nosedive."
At her words, the middle-aged man who had been harassing Oanice became flustered. "Don't you dare make false accusations! I didn't lay a hand on her."
"But I have proof on video."
Lemira waved her phone and looked at Sophia. "Do you like my gift?"
Sophia's smile was strained. She turned to the man and slapped him across the face. "Apologize."
Susanna was confused. "Sis, why should he apologize? These people are broke. They were probably looking for a rich man and throwing themselves at him."
"Shut up!"
Sophia stopped Susanna from saying more. She watched Lemira warily. If it had been anyone else, she might have dismissed the threat. But Lemira had dared to blackmail Susanna with those videos before. Now that she knew Orion's identity, she would only be more brazen.
Lemira smiled. "Ms. Sinclair is a smart woman. As long as he apologizes sincerely, we can let this matter go."
The man had no choice but to apologize to Oanice.
With that, the atmosphere in the room became incredibly tense.
Sophia's tone was laced with sarcasm. "Now that you've caused such a scene, I suppose today's victory party is ruined."
"The party hasn't even started. I'll just book another room next door."
Lemira called over a waiter as she spoke.
Susanna scoffed. "This is Bistrova, not some place where any Tom, D***, or Harry can just walk in and eat. If it weren't for my sister, you wouldn't have even made it through the door 
Sophia's eyes held a hint of mockery as she said to the waiter, "Why be so
stubborn? Just sit down and have dinner with us."
Lemira took out the membership card Stella had given her. She hadn't expected to use it so soon.
Susanna's sharp eyes caught a glimpse of it. "Lemira, how could someone of your status possibly have a Bistrova membership card? Did you steal it or do you buy it. from some secondhand website?" 
When Sophia saw the card, her composure finally cracked. Could it be Orion's?
The waiter looked at Lemira hesitantly. "Is this card yours?"
"No."
"If it's not your card, we need to verify the identity of the owner."
Lemira took out her phone to call Stella, but there was no answer.
Susanna said triumphantly, "See? I told you so. That card must have been obtained illegally. It's stolen."
Just then, the restaurant manager hurried over.
Susanna pointed at Lemira and said loudly, "Manager, you're just in time! She's
trying to use a stolen membership card. Throw her out!"
But the manager approached Lemira with the utmost respect. "My apologies, Ms. Langston. The waiter is new and doesn't know the rules. A oom was already reserved for you the exclusive VIP suite upstairs." 
Sophia was completely floored. How was that possible?
###Chapter 619
Even Lemira was surprised by the manager's words, but she didn't let it show.
She turned to her teammates. "Let's go. We'll move to the suite upstairs and not spoil Ms. Sinclair's evening with her associates."
Sophia's expression turned ugly. "Ms. Langston, what is that supposed to mean?" "We're not drinking, so we won't interrupt your fun. I'm doing this for your own good."
"Lemira, who do you think you are? You don't deserve the exclusive VIP suite! Even my sister has to book a regular VIP room a month in advance. Manager, are you sure you haven't made a mistake?"
The manager replied calmly, "There is no mistake. The VIP suite is reserved for Ms. Langston."
Lemira glanced at Sophia. "Oh, I didn't realize the VIP rooms were so hard to book. Why don't you join us upstairs instead?"
Sophia's face was a stony mask.
Lemira led her teammates upstairs. Oanice sidled up to her. "That was so satisfying! You should have seen the looks on the Sinclair sisters' faces."
Lemira squeezed Oanice's hand. "Are you okay from earlier?"
"I'm fine. Did you really record a video?"
Lemira shook her head. "I didn't have time. But they were the ones with a guilty conscience, so what was there to be afraid of?"
As the team entered the VIP suite, Lemira happened to see Debby from TG Group speaking with a waiter.
Lemira changed direction and walked over.
When Debby saw her, her expression became slightly awkward. "Ms. Langston." "Did you arrange this?"
"Yes. Mr. Everhart instructed me to ensure all your daily arrangements are taken care of."
Debby knew the two were fighting, so she was trying to tread carefully.
Lemira had thought Stella arranged it, but after hearing Susanna say the VIP rooms had to be booked a month in advance, a suspicion had already formed in her mind.
Seeing Debby confirmed that Orion was behind it.
Debby said cautiously, "I wasn't planning on doing anything, but the Sinclair family was going too far. I couldn't help but step in to defend you."
"Thank you."
Lemira had to admit, it felt good.
She returned to the suite, her mind now somewhat distracted.
Oanice, ever the curious one, asked, "Were you able to book the VIP suite because of Stella?"
By now, Oanice also knew about Stella's family background.
Facing
ammates' curiosity,
no choice but to
Swanet
She couldn't very well say it becatise of Orion. 
They had already broken up.
Later, Lemira went to the restroom.
e On her way, she saw a familiar figure
leaning against the wall texture
his phone. 
Lemira froze. She hadn't expected to see him here.
Orion looked over, his eyes deep and intense. He straightened up. "Finished eating?"
"Not yet. I just came out to use the restroom."
Lemira looked at him. "About the room, I owe you one."
"You can come here whenever you want from now on. You don't need a membership card."
After getting Debby's call, Orion couldn't resist coming over.
Lemira's heart was in turmoil. She looked down, avoiding his gaze.
Orion couldn't help but step closer, his voice low. "Actually..."
"Captain."
Timothy came out of the suite. When he saw the man with Lemira, his expression shifted slightly.
Lemira turned to see Timothy, her own expression a little unnatural. "Are you done eating?"
"Just came out for a smoke."
Timothy glanced at the man beside Lemira. He had heard they'd broken up.
Lemira nodded and walked past Orion without another word.
Orion's gaze darkened as he watche
Timothy approach. His
voice was laced with a the
away from her." 
###Chapter 620
"But haven't you two broken up?"
"I haven't agreed to it."
Orion's lips formed a thin, cold line. "I'd advise you not to do anything you'll regret."
Timothy didn't say anything, but his eyes held a hint of defiance. In the end, he didn't even light his cigarette and turned back into the suite.
Orion let out a soft sound of frustration. He had just threatened a young kid. The feeling was... indescribable.
Meanwhile, Lemira came out of the restroom, having splashed her face with cold water.
When she returned to the hallway, she saw Orion was still there. Taking a deep breath, she walked toward him.
She walked past him without a glance, but Orion spoke up. "The Al project has a dinner meeting today. Do you want to check it out? There's a new development regarding prosthetic limbs."
At the mention of prosthetics, Lemira thought of Evander.
In her past life, she had indeed developed Al-powered prosthetic limbs, which were very successful.
She had only mentioned it to Orion once, but she was surprised at how quickly he had moved on it. Then again, with both Thaddeus and Orion backing Maple Group, they had all the money and resources they could ever need.
Lemira nodded. She took out her phone and sent a quick message to Oanice, telling them to eat without her.
She followed Orion to a private room at the end of the hall.
When they walked in, the first person she saw was Sophia.
The atmosphere in the room immediately became a little strange.
Everyone present knew about the connection between Sophia and Orion, so his sudden arrival with a young woman was a surprise.
Sophia stood up immediately, taking the initiative. "Ms. Langston, what a surprise to see you here."
A young heir from another family chimed in, "Mr. Everhart, you're not playing fair. Ms. Sinclair is here, and instead of keeping her company, you go out and bring another girl in. Aren't you afraid of making Ms. Sinclair jealous?"
The others in the room joined in the teasing.
Sophia's smile widened, and she looked at Lemira with a triumphant glint in her eyes.
Lemira's own smile broadened. "Perhaps I've come at a bad time?"
At that moment, Lemira turned to look at Orion and even gave him a little smile.
Orion instantly clenched his jaw. The last thing he wanted right now was to see Lemira smile.
That smile was lined with daggers, and it cut deeper than any angry outburst.
Sophia quickly intervened. "No,
you've come at the perfect time.
Some of the investors for the
esports team are here. You're such a talented gamer you could join their professional team in the future." 
"I'm not currently considering joining a professional team."
"Such a great opportunity, and you're just going to pass it up? Isn't that a shame?
The school team will hold back your development."
Lemira looked at her. "The manager
of the Reapers has been trying to
recruit me for awhile, but I've refused every time Everyone has their own path." 
Sophia quickly stood up and moved to Orion's side. "Orion, please, have a seat.
Everyone's been waiting for you."
Lemira turned to leave, but Orion grabbed her arm.
He looked down at her, his voice gentle. "Are you angry?"
That single gesture stunned everyone in the room. They all stared at Lemira in
shock. *What is going on?*
Lemira's smile widened. "I'm not angry at all."
The young heir who had spoken earlier asked tentatively, "Ms. Langston, are you close with Mr. Everhart?"
Lemira glanced at him and gave a fake smile. "Not at all."
Orion didn't move. He continued to look down at her, his brow furrowed, before turning to the young man "She's my person. Be careful with your jokes." 
Heat rushed to Lemira's face. *What does he mean, 'his person'?*
###Chapter 621
Orion's words were deliberately ambiguous.
Sophia, standing nearby, could barely maintain her composure. She never expected Orion to bring Lemira to this business dinner.
And now he was getting touchy-feely with her in public. Didn't Orion care about her reputation at all?
Everyone thought she and Orion were a couple.
Lemira glanced back at Orion. Did he have any idea how misleading his words sounded?
His woman?
Orion didn't even look at her. He simply pulled out a chair for Lemira, then took the empty seat next to her.
Lemira's gaze faltered. If she remembered correctly, that seat had been Sophia's just a moment ago.
Hadn't he noticed?
The atmosphere grew tense. Rumor had it that Orion was fiercely protective of a girl he was seeing, but could it really be the streamer SweetLemon?
Sophia, left standing awkwardly, finally spoke up. "Orion, we're here to discuss the new Al project. Ms. Langston isn't familiar with the subject; she'll probably be bored out of her mind."
A rich kid at the table chimed in, "Yeah, what would a streamer understand about this stuff?"
The comment was laced with disdain and condescension.
Sophia walked over to the rich kid, and someone immediately stood up to offer her a seat, a clear sign of deference.
Someone else changed the subject, steering the conversation back to the Al project. "Maple Group winning this bid was a sure thing. They have the strongest technology and the best funding. When the product launches, it's going to dominate the market."
"We owe it all to Mr. Everhart's keen eye. My family was skeptical about this project, but now they're eating their words."
Lemira listened as they discussed the future of the Al project. Once the product was on the market, Maple Group's value would skyrocket, and so would her income.
Sophia said to Lemira with a subtle smile, "If you're bored, feel free to leave at any time. No one will mind."
"I'm fine," Lemira replied coolly.
The rich kid immediately pounced. "Well, it seems the lady is quite interested in our Al project. Do you have anything to add?"
Lemira thought for a moment before shaking her head. "Not at the moment."
It was still the early stages. The projections would all come true eventually, but
talking about them now felt like bragging.
Her answer prompted a laugh from
the rich kid, his eyes filled with mockery. "Miss, if you don't understand you can just ask. No need to pretend you know what's going on." 
The mood in the room dropped a few degrees.
Sophia took a sip of her drink, but her eyes were cold. This was the perfect opportunity to teach Lemira a lesson about staying in her lane.
Orion's expression darkened instantly. Just as he was about to speak, Lemira let out a soft laugh.
The rich kid glared at her. "You find this funny, miss? Is pretending to be something you're not amusing?"
"Yes, it's quite amusing."
Lemira looked at him calmly. "You misstated the name of Maple
Group's latest system. You also got its performance specs wrong. The data you quoted was for the
previous version 
"That's impossible! How would a streamer know any of this? Did you sneak a peek
at confidential files on Mr. Everhart's computer?"
The rich kid, flustered and angry, glanced instinctively at Sophia, not wanting to lose
face in front of the woman he was trying to impress.
Sophia finally intervened. "Orion, how could you be so careless? I know you're fond of Ms. Langston but there should be a limit. Business competition is fierce. It would be disaster if Ms. L?ngston decidentally leaked something." 
###Chapter 622
The rich kid quickly agreed. "Exactly. Don't let a woman get in the way of work, Mr. Everhart. That's not your usual style."
Orion's gaze swept across the room. "Weren't you all eager to meet the chief technical engineer for the Al project? Well, I brought her with me today."
The room fell completely silent.
Sophia stared at Lemira, her hand gripping her glass so tightly she thought it might break. She couldn't believe it.
The rich kid was the first to voice his shock. "Mr. Everhart, you don't mean to say this streamer is the chief engineer, do you?"
Orion nodded. "That's right. She is."
"How is that possible? Mr. Everhart, are you joking with us?"
"She's a streamer. I'd believe she's a good gamer, but the chief technical engineer? No way."
Orion tapped his long fingers on the table, his commanding gaze silencing everyone in the room.
He finally spoke. "Do I look like I'm joking about this?"
The expressions around the table shifted. Orion wasn't known for making jokes, but the idea that the brilliant chief engineer they'd heard so much about was a young girl seemed impossible.
The rich kid couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Everhart, this is all a bit hard to believe. She doesn't look anything like the chief engineer from the rumors."
Who the hell would believe that?
He was probably just trying to impress his new girlfriend, propping her up with a fancy title.
Orion stared him down. "You're too quick to judge people by their appearance. That's how you got swindled out of all that money by a woman before."
Laughter rippled through the room. The rich kid's face turned red, but he retorted, "That's different. I fell for a honey trap. And frankly, Mr. Everhart, this looks pretty similar We're all investing with you. What if you end up like me, getting played by a woman? Our investments would go down the drain." 
Hearing the chatter, Lemira glanced at Orion. He looked furious.
She knew that because of her age, no one besides her colleagues at Maple Group would believe her. It was to be expected.
Orion's face was a mask of cold fury, his dark eyes narrowed. He rapped his fingers on the table, a clear sign of his displeasure.
"In that case," he said coldly, "our partnership is terminated."
Sophia quickly intervened. "Orion, don't be angry. What you said is hard to believe, and we've all been friends for years. We're here to make money together. There's no need for things to get this ugly." 
Orion shot her a look. "This dinner... I don't recall inviting you, did I?"
Sophia's expression froze, her face a picture of humiliation. "We're all friends. Can't
I just stop by?"
Lemira was slightly surprised. Was Orion actually standing up for her?
The rich kid who had been so aggressive earlier now approached Lemira with a glass of wine. "Miss please, be the bigger person and don't hold this against me. I had no idea you were so talented. You can handle men and you can handle code. I'm truly impressed" 
Lemira glanced at the glass. "At least I don't pretend to know things I don't, or make empty boasts."
Sophia came over to smooth things over. "Ms. Langston, it's a small misunderstanding. Just let it go, for my sake."
"Why should I do you any favors?" Lemira's tone was icy. "I don't even know you."
###Chapter 623
Lemira's words were a slap in the face to Sophia.
The rich kid immediately piped up, "Hey, don't you know what's good for you? Ms. Sinclair herself is asking you to be gracious, and you dare to refuse?"
"Just because you're a suck-up doesn't mean everyone else is."
The rich kid's face contorted with rage. "Who the hell do you think you are? You think sleeping with Mr. Everhart a few times means you can just climb the social ladder? Ms. Sinclair is the one with the marriage arrangement with Mr. Everhart. You're just the other woman!"
"Shut up!"
Orion's fist flew, landing a hard, heavy blow.
His eyes were cold as ice. "Let me make this perfectly clear, once and for all. There
has never been any marriage arrangement between my family and the Sinclair family. The next person who spreads that rumor will have to answer to me."
The room was dead silent.
Sophia's hand trembled, nearly dropping her glass. She thought Orion would protect her reputation; after all, they had grown up together.
She never imagined he would publicly deny the engagement rumor. She was going
to become the laughingstock of their entire social circle.
Why would he do this?
"Orion," Sophia choked out, her eyes red.
Orion's face was unreadable. "I warned you a long time ago to clear this up yourself,
to avoid any misunderstandings with my girlfriend."
Lemira stood beside him, his deep, cold voice ringing in her ears.
She looked up and saw Sophia's tear-streaked face, a stark contrast to the condescending attitude of a wife confronting her husband's mistress she'd displayed
at the coffee shop.
When it came to acting, Ms. Sinclair was truly in a league of her own.
Sophia noticed Lemira's gaze and said miserably, "Are you satisfied now?"
"That's hilarious. You and Orion were never engaged. I didn't start the rumor, and I
didn't deny it. What does any of this have to do with me?"
"But if you hadn't shown up, everything would have been fine between us."
Perhaps the rumor could have even become reality.
But now, with Lemira in the picture, all of Sophia's hopes and fantasies had been shattered.
Lemira refused to be blamed. "Orion
veloe
doesn't like you. What's that got to do with me? You should be
?.
questioning him, not me Are you out of your mind?" 
The rich kid rushed forward. "How dare you speak to her like that?"
Orion stepped in front of Lemira, his eyes flashing a warning. "She's right. Even
without her, I would never have gotten engaged to Sophia."
ет
The glass slipped from Sophia's hand and shattered on the floor. Her
usually elegant and composed
utteb
expression was now one of utter devastation 
Lemira noticed the shocked and incredulous looks on the faces of everyone else in the room.
But all she knew was that hearing those words made her own heart race.
Orion stood before her, shielding her from the curious stares of the others.
Lemira lowered her gaze, the voices around her fading away, his words echoing in her mind.
Sophia's voice was thick with tears. "Orion..."
Orion's gaze was heavy. "I have a name."
"Are you really going to cut ties with me just because of Lemira?"
Sophia had had a charmed life.
"A while ago, when my grandmother was in the hospital, I accidentally lost my phone. You found it for me. But you shouldn't have answered that cat You made my girlfriend misunderstand and argue with me." 
Orion had been so focused on Lemira recently that he hadn't had the time to deal with Sophia.
But since they were here now, he might as well clear the air completely.
Lemira looked up in surprise, noticing the gossiping eyes all around them. She really
didn't want to be the center of this spectacle.
She whispered, "That's enough. There are too many people here."
Sophia completely broke down, shouting, "Lemira, I don't need your pity!"
###Chapter 624
Lemira looked over and saw that Sophia was now sobbing, all traces of her arrogant demeanor from the coffee shop gone.
She pressed her lips together. "If you knew being exposed would be this humiliating, why did you lie in the first place?"
"What lie? Ask anyone here, are you even worthy of Orion?"
Sophia had lost all her usual composure, her voice becoming shrill.
Orion's expression was tense. "Sophia, I'm the one who pursued her."
At that moment, Sophia looked as if she'd been strangled, unable to utter a single word.
He said he pursued Lemira?
But what did Lemira have that she didn't?
Seeing Sophia's devastated state, Lemira suddenly recalled the scene at the coffee shop. Perhaps she had looked just as pathetic as Sophia did now.
All because of the same man.
She stood up to leave. With things having escalated this far, there was no point in discussing work.
Orion immediately noticed her movement and blocked her path.
Lemira's face was tight. "What are you doing?"
"There's broken glass on the floor."
Orion simply lifted her and set her down a short distance away. His lips were a thin, cold line. "About the project, come to the office for a meeting tomorrow if you're free."
"I know."
Lemira glanced at the shattered glass on the floor, an inexplicable heat rising to her cheeks. She turned and hurried out of the room.
Sophia watched them, her voice hoarse. "Orion, did you have to humiliate me in front of everyone?"
"I seem to recall telling you to clear up the engagement rumors yourself. If it had been anyone else, do you think they'd still be standing here talking to me?"
Orion's expression was grim, offering no room for compromise.
Sophia's mouth opened, but no
words
out. As she watched
Orionating back, she felt as if
her entire world had come crashing
down. 
FindNovel.net
Outside, Lemira returned to her team's private dining room. Everyone was just about finished with their meal.
When she went to pay the bill, the server informed her, "The bill has already been taken care of."
Lemira didn't have to guess who had paid.
She left the room with her
teammates and went downstairs et
where he sawet
at
entrance, his back tall and straight. 
He turned and his eyes fell on her.
One of Lemira's teammates whispered, "Isn't that the captain's boyfriend? He waited
all night outside the school last time."
"Wow, he's so handsome. I'd only seen pictures, but he's much better looking in person."
Lemira's ears burned. She turned to her team. "I've called some cars. Let's head back to campus together."
She started walking toward the door with the others. As she passed Orion, her heart started beating erratically.
Lemira pretended not to see him, but she could feel his eyes following her every move.
At the entrance, everyone started pairing up and getting into cars.
Timothy came up to her. "Come on, let's get in."
Lemira nodded and got into the back of a taxi with Oanice. Timothy sat in the front passenger seat and glanced back at the man standing at the door. t FindNovel.net
But the man's gaze was fixed on Lemira; he didn't even spare Timothy a glance, completely ignoring him.
Timothy felt a prickle of annoyance and deliberately turned to talk to Lemira.
Lemira answered absent-mindedly, but as the car pulled away, she couldn't resist looking out the window.
She saw Orion looking down at his phone, and in her peripheral vision, she caught sight of Sophia, red-eyed, chasing after him.
Lemira quickly tore her gaze away, nervously pulling out her own phone to distract herself.
A message from Orion popped up.
Seeing his words, her mind was thrown into turmoil.
###Chapter 625
Heat crept up Lemira's face.
He had sent a single sentence: I don't accept this breakup. I'll wait.】
Lemira closed the chat window. She turned to look out the car window, the calm she had fought so hard to find now rippling with disturbance.
She had believed Orion had hidden his identity from her because he wasn't truly serious about her.
But just now, in front of all those people, he had publicly clarified the situation with Sophia.
Lemira had seen Sophia burst into tears right on the spot.
Oanice spoke up then. "Lemira, what's going on with you and your boyfriend..... I mean, your ex-boyfriend?"
"It is what it is right now."
"But I think he's still in love with you. Did you see the way he was looking at you? He
was like an abandoned puppy, just waiting for you to come back and pet him."
Oanice thought that if a boyfriend that handsome looked at her like that, she wouldn't be able to stay mad at all.
Lemira's face grew warmer. "Don't be ridiculous. I honestly don't know what to do right now."
Both Orion and Mrs. Amanda had explained that there was no marriage arrangement with the Sinclair family, that it was all just a rumor.
She had been played by Sophia.
But she was still genuinely angry that Orion had hidden his identity. It felt like a breach of trust.
Oanice linked her arm through Lemira's. "Then give him the cold shoulder for a while. Let him stew in his own anxiety. Teach him a lesson."
"You're right. I was always the one chasing him before."
This time, Lemira wanted him to take the initiative.
"Besides, there are plenty of great guys out there. A lot of people have already been asking if you're single. As soon as I spread the word, you'll have guys lining up to ask you out. No need to hang all your hopes on one guy."
Lemira's gloomy mood lifted. "You have a point."
She wasn't sure where things stood with her and Orion, but she had so much she wanted to accomplish since her rebirth. She wasn't going to let one man derail her life.
In the front seat, Timothy overheard their conversation and glanced at Lemira in the rearview mirror, a plan beginning to form in his mind.
After Lemira's car drove off, Orion finally looked away.
Sophia spoke stubbornly, "Did you hear a word I just said?"
Orion glanced at his phone. As expected, Lemira hadn't replied.
He felt a surge of irritation and turned to Sophia. "I was already being generous. If it was anyone else, just for taking my phone and answering Lemira scam,
Lemira's call, your entire
family would be in trouble.
"But I've known you longer than she has! Why? What does Lemira have that I don't?"
In that moment, Sophia lost all reason, her pride trampled into the dust.
Orion's eyes were cold. "Because Lemira is the one I love. Who could possibly compare to the woman I love?"
Because he loved her, no one could compare to Lemira.
It was that simple.
With that, Orion bent down, got into his car, and drove away. Sophia crumpled to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably. She truly didn understand what she lacked compared to Lemira. 
She was Orvin's top socialite! In terms of looks, status, and ability, she was superior to Lemira in every way!
Lemira returned to her dorm room. Lying on her bed, she stared at the message from Orion.
He had been messaging her for days, but she hadn't replied to a single one.
It was so frustrating.
The next day, Lemira went to the team's facility and saw the director waiting for her. She walked over, her expression neutral. "Is there something you need?"
"Your attitude toward the people from the Sinclair family yesterday was a bit too aggressive. The Sinclairs have been our sponsors for years."
"And you didn't see them trying to get handsy with my players?"
The director paused. "But it's always been like this. They wouldn't have
done anything serious, not w many people watching. Nothing would have happened." 
so
###Chapter 626
Lemira's voice was cold. "I don't care how things were before. I'm the captain now, and I will not allow my team members to be subjected to these shady business dinners!"
"Lemira, you need to listen to instructions! You can't just do whatever you want!"
"The previous captain was very obedient, wasn't he? He even laundered money for the Sinclair family. Don't tell me you were in on it too?"
At her words, the director's face changed instantly. "What nonsense are you spouting? How could I possibly be involved? That was Jackson's personal doing." Lemira just stared at him, her silent, intense gaze unnerving him.
Finally, the director stood up. "But you can't just offend the Sinclair family like that. How are we supposed to work with them in the future?"
"I have dirt on the Sinclair family. They'll cooperate. And I guarantee that even if they pull their funding, it won't affect the team."
With her making such a bold claim, the director had no choice but to leave.
After dealing with that, Lemira walked out of the office.
Oanice rushed over. "Did the director yell at you? It was obvious what was going on last night. A senior player once said it used to be even worse."
Lemira looked at the team. "I don't care what happened in the past. But as long as I'm captain, I will never let you be forced to entertain clients or drink with them."
Oanice immediately started clapping. "That's amazing! Our captain is a total badass!"
"I have another announcement. Starting today, Timothy is the vice-captain. When I'm not at the facility, he'll be leading your training sessions."
After the last tournament, Lemira realized that Timothy's skill level was the highest on the team, second only to her own.
Timothy smiled. "Let's all work hard together and aim for the national championship next year!"
Hearing those words, Lemira felt a surge of passion.
That's right. This time, she would win the championship on her own terms. She wouldn't be paving the way for someone else's victory again.
Lemira trained for a while, then checked the time, slinging her bag over her shoulder to leave.
Timothy caught up with her. "You don't have class this afternoon, do you? Are you heading to the gym?"
"No, I have to run an errand."
Lemira was planning to go to Maple Group for a meeting. There had been new developments on the project, and she needed to check in.
Timothy hesitated. "Well, let's hit the gym together sometime."
"Sure, we'll schedule it for later."
Lemira left without another word. At this point, she didn't want to dwell
or
Olether Timothy was t
er
same
person from her past life. .net>
Whether he was or not, the person she liked now was Orion.
There was no doubt about that.
As Lemira reached the school gate, she saw Stella and Asher getting out of a car.
"What a coincidence," Stella said, approaching her.
Lemira noticed that Stella didn't look well; something was clearly wrong.
She didn't press, just smiled back. "Yeah, it really is."
"I'm heading back to the dorm now."
With that, Stella turned and walked away.
Asher was holding a pastry box. "Here, take this back to the dorm with you."
Stella rejected him coldly. "I'm on a diet. I don't want any sweets."
Asher was left standing there, holding the box, looking incredibly awkward.
Lemira watched the scene with a
hint of mockery in her eyes. Sheet newas treated like this. Content thought she'd see the da
She saw him walking toward her and raised an eyebrow. "Need something?"
"Here, you take this pastry. I don't like sweets."
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "What do you think I am, a garbage disposal?"
"This is a limited-edition cake from a famous brand. Most people
even buy it. And it's untoucha
Didnt you used to ask me to buy this and marit to you?" fo FindNovel.net
Asher opened the box to show her the small cake.
Lemira let out a derisive laugh, took the cake, and smashed it right into Asher's face.
###Chapter 627
After she was done, Lemira looked at the furious Asher. "The person who asked you to buy that was Evelina, not me."
"Lemira, are you crazy? Even if I got it wrong, how could you smash it in my face?"
Asher was livid, grabbing a tissue from his assistant to wipe his face.
Lemira smiled. "Well, now you should remember that Evelina is the one who likes this, not me. You should be thanking me!"
Seeing a taxi arrive, Lemira bent down and got in.
Asher shouted in frustration, "Lemira, get out of the car! I still have questions for you! Were you the one who deliberately brought Stella to Bistrova that day?"
Lemira looked out the car window. "The fact that Stella and I are roommates... you kept that quiet, didn't you?"
"It's not that I was hiding it from you! How was I supposed to know Stella hadn't told you who she was?"
Asher's voice lacked conviction. "But you should have told me you were bringing Stella to dinner beforehand."
If she had, Asher would never have let what happened that day occur.
Lemira's eyes were filled with scorn. "Tell you beforehand? Then I wouldn't have gotten to see such a good show. I should thank Evelina for this, too. She actually dared to wear someone else's dress. Anyone who didn't know better would think you two had something going on."
"Lemira, did you tell Stella that Eve and I had some kind of relationship?"
No wonder Stella had been so cold to him these past few days.
The Al project was at a critical investment stage; he couldn't afford to lose the Waverlies' support.
Asher's tone became serious. "I suggest you keep your mouth shut and stop spreading nonsense."
"And I suggest you don't bother trying to marry into wealth. You're not cut out for that life."
Hearing her words, Asher angrily reached out to pull Lemira from the car, but the driver stepped on the gas and sped away.
Lemira found Asher's enraged expression quite amusing.
Just then, her phone rang. She didn't have to guess who was calling.
Lemira hung up without answering.
The car arrived outside Maple Group. Lemira went straight up to the tech department. She needed to discuss the technical hurdles they were facing, which would require extensive testing. 
When Lemira entered the office, the team lead greeted her with a smile. "Haven't
seen you in a while. I heard your team won the preliminary tournament.
Congratulations!"
"Thanks."
Her colleagues all knew she was a streamer.
Lemira sat down at a computer and began running tests. The team lead spoke again. "I heard the Langston Group is also working oran A project, benchmarking their product against ours." 
Lemira paused. "Didn't they lose the bid?"
Back then, Alaric's team had
disbanded, ac's
then Caspian's
scandal was exposed. Although she had eventually agreed not to press charges to investigate the car
accident, the damage was done, Asher's company had suffered significant losses. 
Did they still have the money to invest in an Al project?
"That's right. But I heard they secured a new round of funding and are even collaborating with an overseas company to co-develop their Al project."
Lemira thought for a moment. This was different from her past life.
Back then, Lucian company had poured everything into the Al project, and with her
help, they had won the bid and successfully launched.
But no matter what, Maple Group currently had the upper hand.
Someone walked over to her. "The boss wants to see you in his office. Everyone
else, meet in the conference room in ten minutes."
Lemira glanced at the data she had just compiled, having a rough idea of the problem.
She grabbed the printouts and headed to the office.
But when she saw Orion sitting in the chair, her pupils constricted. She had thought
it would be Thaddeus.
He was also wearing a formal suit today, buttoned up meticulously to the top, giving him a restrained, almost ascetic air.
She had to admit, Orion looked good in a suit.
He looked up, his deep gaze locking onto her. "What are you standing at the door for? Afraid I'll eat you? Come in."
###Chapter 628
Lemira walked into the office with her documents, deliberately leaving the door open.
It was just the two of them in the room.
Lemira went over and placed the file on the desk. "These are the data issues I've compiled, along with some suggestions for optimization."
Orion reached for it, and she noticed how long and elegant his fingers were.
But he took the file without looking at it, his fingers pressing down on the cover, slowly stroking the paper.
Lemira looked up, confused. What was he doing?
Their eyes met.
Orion's gaze drifted down Lemira's body. He noticed she was wearing a short skirt today, her long, straight legs a dazzling sight.
His voice was a little unsteady. "Last night..."
"You don't need to explain last night to me."
Lemira guessed what he was about to say and cut him off.
She remembered seeing Sophia appear behind Orion as she drove away from Bistrova last night, and she tried her best not to think about what they might have discussed.
Orion's eyes darkened. He had spent all night planning to explain everything clearly when he saw her today.
But now she was so prickly, so unapproachable.
He had to be careful.
He was afraid that if he pushed her, she would bring up breaking up again. Orion couldn't bear to hear those words.
He asked in a low voice, "Still angry?"
"What's there for me to be angry about? I'm not the one who was humiliated."
Lemira looked at him defiantly, her face a mask of indifference.
"Really?"
Orion stood up and moved closer to her.
Lemira took a step back, reminding him, "This is an office."
As soon as the words left her mouth, he turned, walked over, and closed the door, even locking it.
Lemira heard the click of the lock, and her heart skipped a beat. What was he planning?
Orion stood before her, looking down into her eyes. It used to be so easy to read her when her emotions were on the surface.
But now, he sometimes found it impossible to figure out what she was thinking.
He lowered his voice and began to explain, "I also publicly clarified yesterday that I have no engagement with Sophia."
They stood close, the space between them charged with an ambiguous tension.
Lemira forced herself to turn her head away and mumbled, "Oh."
Orion was taken aback by her reaction. It felt like punching cotton.
He felt a wave of frustration. "Lemmy, what will it take for you to stop being angry, hmm?"
He couldn't touch her, couldn't reason with her.
Lemira's eyes crinkled into a smile. "I don't know."
That smile felt like a knife twisting in his gut.
Lemira sidestepped him and started to walk away.
ret
His eyes were drawn to her long legs, and he couldn't stop himself from pulling her back. "In such a hurry to leave? We're not done
content belongs t
FindNovel.net
Lemira pressed her hands against his chest, her eyes downcast. "Let go of me first."
Orion said gruffly, "Don't wear such short skirts to work in the future."
"..." The man was being way too controlling.
A rebellious streak flared up in Lemira. She looked up and said deliberately, "Do you like it?"
He nodded honestly. "I do."
But he didn't want other men to see.
"Exactly. So I'll wear whatever I want."
She didn't need his permission.
Orion looked away, cursing himself internally for being so completely wrapped
around a young woman's finger.
And he was willingly letting it happen.
Finally, Orion said with a sigh,
"There's an industry conference this afternoon. Your ex Asher, will
probably be there. He's been making some big moves lately." 
"People with real strength don't need to be flashy."
Lemira's tone was full of confidence.
Orion chuckled. "I'll go with you this afternoon."
Lemira froze. "But at an industry conference, won't people recognize you?"
She suddenly remembered that
Orion had never attended these kinds of events with her before, probably to protect his identity! 
His gaze was serious. "Yes."
"Aren't you afraid my ex will find out?"
"He's the one who should be afraid, not me."
Orion's tone was incredibly arrogant.
###Chapter 629
His words made her pause, and she lowered her head.
Noticing the shift in her mood, Orion asked carefully, "What's wrong?"
"I think you're right. With your status, who would dare to offend you?"
Lemira even managed a small smile.
Seeing that smile, Orion felt a chill run down his spine. He bit the inside of his cheek.
On this matter, he would always be in the wrong.
He couldn't resist pinching her cheek. "Stop smiling."
Just as Lemira tried to pull away, the office door swung open. Thaddeus stood there, taking in the scene.
He quickly stepped back. "Uh, I'll come back later."
Orion dropped his hand, his lips pressed into a thin line as he glared at Thaddeus. "Don't you know how to knock?"
"I'm coming back to my own office. Why would I knock?" Thaddeus was completely baffled.
Lemira bolted, mortified.
Orion's expression soured. He looked at Thaddeus. "I thought I locked the door."
"Forgot to tell you, the lock broke two days ago.'
"...Get it replaced."
Orion picked up the file Lemira had given him. He had to admit, she was incredibly talented.
Thaddeus sidled up, ready for some gossip. "So, I heard you publicly denied your engagement to Sophia at Bistrova last night and even defended Lemon?"
Gossip traveled at the speed of light.
Everyone now knew that the girl Orion was so protective of was a streamer who had once pulled off his famous 12-hit combo. Rumors were flying that they had been together for a while.
Orion remained calm. "Of course. Last night was the perfect opportunity to set the record straight."
He hadn't expected Sophia to show up at the dinner, and her attitude had rubbed him the wrong way, which was why he had decided to clear the air directly.
"True. You already told Sophia to clarify things herself to save some face. But she was too stubborn to listen, so she has no one to blame but herself for being publicly humiliated by you last night." 
Thaddeus also thought Sophia was being too obsessive. It was just a rumor, not a real engagement, and she had let it escalate into this embarrassing situation.
Thaddeus then said, "Sophia's mother will probably hear about this soon. She's your mother's best friend, so she might cause trouble for Lemira."
That matriarch of the Sinclair family was not to be underestimated.
Orion's eyes turned icy. "She wouldn't dare, unless she wants the Sinclair family to go bankrupt."
"The Sinclair family has been
struggling these last couple of years. They're only staying afloat because your mother gave them a long term. contract. If you were to pull the plug, they'd probably go under for real." 
Thaddeus was well-informed about the Sinclair family's situation.
It was why they were so desperate to marry their daughter into the Everhart family.
Orion finished reading the file and handed it to Thaddeus. "I'm going to the
conference this afternoon."
"Makes sense. Now that Lemon
knows who you are, there's no need
to hide anymore. Besides, her ex Asher still thinks you're some social climber right? He's in for a real
shock when he finds out who you are." 
Thaddeus was actually looking forward to it.
At the mention of the Langston family, Orion's tone grew colder. "Does he really think he can rest easy just because he has the Waverlies backing him?"
"How about we teach Lemon's ex a little lesson at the conference today?"
After being patient for so long, it was time to make a lasting impression. The two men exchanged a knowing look.
After the meeting, Lemira gathered her materials and prepared to head to the conference with her colleagues.
As they were about to leave, Orion's car pulled up in front of her. "Get in."
Lemira hesitated. "I was supposed to ride with the team lead."
Thaddeus quickly jumped into the team lead's car. "I actually need to discuss something with him. Lemon, you can just take that car."
Thaddeus glanced at Orion. "This is all I can do for you, my friend."
###Chapter 630
Noticing her colleagues' curious glances, Lemira had no choice but to get in the car, steeling herself. However, she opted for the front passenger seat.
Orion, sitting in the back, watched her and sighed. "Are you afraid I'm going to eat you?"
"Mr. Everhart is the boss, and I'm just an employee. It's appropriate for me to sit in the front."
Lemira sat comfortably in the passenger seat, though she could feel the atmosphere in the car shift.
The CEO's assistant, who was driving, was incredibly nervous. Who would have thought he'd ever see the big boss acting so meekly toward a girl?
He felt like he could die happy now!
Orion had no choice but to change the subject. "I looked over the issues you submitted. The current technical problem will require a lot of testing and adjustments, which will be time-consuming."
"I know. I'll make time to come in and work on it. I'll have it sorted out within a month."
Lemira had already formulated a plan during the meeting.
After that brief exchange, Lemira turned to look out the window, and they fell silent.
Before long, the car pulled up outside the conference venue.
Just as Lemira was about to get out, Orion received a call. His voice grew tense. "What's wrong with Grandma? I'm on my way."
Lemira, who had already stepped out of the car, couldn't help but look back.
She remembered Orion mentioning that the time Sophia had answered his phone was when his grandmother had been seriously ill in the hospital.
Orion's brow was furrowed with anxiety. "I have to go to the hospital. Everything for the conference is set up. You can just go up and give the presentation."
"Go on, then. I've got this."
Lemira could see how much he cared for his grandmother. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been so frantic that he didn't even realize he'd lost his phone.
She watched Orion's car speed away and looked around, but she didn't see her colleagues' car yet.
The traffic had been bad, so they were probably delayed.
Lemira took her files and walked into the venue alone. At the entrance, she ran into Evelina and Evander, who both wore triumphant smiles.
Evelina spoke first. "Lemira, I have some good news for you. Asher has reinvested in Lucian's project and it's doing very well But I suppose that's not such good news for you." 
"You're no threat."
Lemira was calm. "After all, you had to steal our company's data just to submit a bid.
A competitor of that caliber isn't even worth my time."
Evander quickly interjected, "Lemira, Asher has investment from the Waverlies and is partnering with the renowned international company, PZ. Asmall company like yours stands ho cha
against us
suggest you get out before Maple Group goes bankrupt." 
Lemira was surprised. "PZ Group?"
She had heard of that company in her past life. They were a notorious fraudulent enterprise that had scammed numerous companies in Orvin, with damages totaling in the billions.
Back then, PZhad also approached
the Langston family for a
partnership, but she had felt that overseas investment was unnecessary. The Langston family was dominating the market and didn't need the money, so Asher had rejected their offer. 
She never thought that in this life, Asher would actually partner with them. Was he in
a hurry to fail?
Evander said smugly, "You've probably heard of them. It was Eve who made the introduction."
A look of anticipation crossed Evelina's face.
Once this project was over and the Langston Group's funds were drained, she would no longer have to put up with the Langstons or suck up to Evander, that cripple.
When that time came, she would make Lemira's life a living hell.
Lemira scoffed. "Evelina, you introduced a fraudulent company to Asher? What do
you think will happen if he finds out?"
Evelina's face paled. How did that b*** Lemira know?
It was impossible.
###Chapter 631
Lemira's scrutinizing gaze caught the flicker of guilt in Evelina's eyes.
Could Evelina actually know there was something wrong with PZ Group? But in her past life, no one found out until the company imploded next year. Right now, everyone thought PZ Group was a formidable foreign corporation. Something felt strange to Lemira; this wasn't right.
It seemed there were many things she had been kept in the dark about in her previous life.
Just then, Asher approached with his entourage. “What scam company?”
At that moment, Evelina's heart leaped into her throat, a cold chill creeping up her spine. If Asher found out now, she was finished.
Evander quickly interjected, "Asher, don't listen to Lemira's nonsense. She's claiming PZ Group is a scam, probably because she's worried the Langston Group will surpass Maple Group."
Asher looked at Lemira thoughtfully. "Why would you say that?"
"It's simple. The name, PZ Group... doesn't it just sound like a Ponzi scheme?"
Lemira tossed out a casual excuse. After the company had crashed in her last life, people had made that exact joke, so she remembered it clearly.
Hearing this, Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. She thought, *how could that b*** Lemira possibly know the truth?*
Even Evelina hadn't realized at first that the company her father had found to drain Asher dry was the infamous PZ Group; she'd initially believed it was a genuinely powerful corporation.
It was for this very reason that the ever-suspicious Asher hadn't harbored much doubt.
But Evelina knew the company was a ticking time bomb.
With feigned innocence, Evelina said, “Lemmy, I know you're worried that Asher's new investment will create competition for Maple Group, but this is fair business. You can't just slander PZ Group like this."
Evander chimed in, "Exactly. PZ Group is a renowned international corporation. If you don't know what you're talking about, Lemira, you should just keep your mouth shut and save yourself the embarrassment.”
Asher, however, looked directly at Lemira. "I suggest you sever ties with Maple Group sooner rather than later, before the company goes bankrupt and you're saddled with a mountain of debt."
He knew Lemira owned shares in Maple Group.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "I'll return that sentiment right back to you. Don't get into bed with a company that has a shady background."
She guessed that since Evelina could no longer touch the foundation's donations, she had set her sights on the Al project.
There was no way Evelina could have orchestrated this alone.
Her father must have been the one pulling the strings.
It seemed another opportunity had just fallen into her lap.
Lemira walked into the venue alone, leaving Evelina to watch her, grinding her teeth
in frustration. That b*** was always making things difficult for her.
Evelina immediately put on a pitiful expression. "Asher, if you believe what Lemmy said and have doubts, about PZ Group, you should make a decision soon. We don't want to become a laughingstock." 
Asher wasn't as easily fooled as the rest of the Langston family. She had worked so
hard to convince him to partner with PZ; she couldn't let a single comment from Lemira unravel everything.
Asher's tone was indifferent. "Why would I believe her inflammatory remarks?"
He had personally investigated PZ Group, and the Waverlies' investigation had also come back clean. That was why he had decided to partner with them.
Evelina's tears instantly turned into a smile. "Asher, I knew you wouldn't be deceived. I hope that when the new product is developed, Evander will be able to walk like a normal person again." 
Evander, looking moved, took Evelina's hand. "Eve, I knew you were the best to me."
Fighting her discomfort, Evelina didn't push him away.
Asher glanced at the two of them. "The adoption annulment papers have been processed. As long as you take good care of Evander Eve, I'll always have a place for you at the Langston Group." 
He had initially opposed their relationship because of the adoption, which would have invited ridicule.
But now that Stella knew, there was no point in hiding it anymore.
Since Evander liked Evelina, he would let them be together. He considered it a debt he owed his brother.
Evander was delighted. "Thank you, Asher."
Evelina lowered her head, a flash of hatred in her eyes. Why should she be married off to a cripple?
Her father was right. The Langstons had never truly considered her one of their
own.
The conference was crowded.
After walking around, Lemira felt even more confident in Maple Group's current technology.
###Chapter 632
So many things had already changed compared to her past life; she had to be more careful.
Besides, the person backing Evelina had yet to be identified.
And there were no new leads on the Sinclair family either.
These threats hung over her head like a guillotine, ready to drop at any moment. She knew it was dangerous, but she had to uncover the truth.
"Lemira."
Lemira saw Stella slowly approaching and was a little surprised. "What are you doing here today?"
"My family sent me. I heard the Al project is researching prosthetics, so I wanted to see if there was anything suitable for my uneven leg length."
Stella spoke of her leg calmly, not trying to hide anything in front of Lemira.
Lemira glanced at Stella's foot. "It's not impossible. Would you mind getting tested on the equipment? I could collect some data to study back at the lab. Maybe I can develop something."
"Sure."
But just as Stella agreed, Asher rushed over to stop them. "Come by the Langston Group sometime. I can arrange for someone to take your measurements there. But taking off your shoes to get tested here, with so many people watching, isn't appropriate."
Asher felt it was embarrassing.
Although everyone knew about Stella's leg, her custom-made shoes usually made the issue unnoticeable if she walked slowly.
But if she took off her shoes, it would be glaringly obvious.
Most of the people here today were industry peers and investors. Some of them would definitely recognize Stella, and there would undoubtedly be whispers.
Stella's expression turned awkward for a moment before she nodded. "Alright."
But Lemira held Stella's hand. "It's just a data test. What's so inappropriate about it? Plenty of people are getting tested."
Asher lowered his voice. "But haven't you seen? The ones being tested are all amputees. Is Stella the same? People will talk."
"I think the only one afraid of people talking is you."
If Stella didn't mind and no one else cared, why did Asher?
Lemira looked at him. This man had always seen Stella's disability as a source of shame.
He didn't love Stella at all.
Asher didn't want to waste his breath on Lemira and turned to Stella. "If you do this, the Waverlies won't be happy when they find out."
The Waverly family had always been reluctant to let her appear in public.
Stella's smile faded. She looked at Lemira and said, "Thank you for the kind offer. I'll come for a test next time when it's less crowded."
Lemira didn't press the issue.
She felt that Stella's condition was one that deserved consideration.
Just then, Evander and Evelina walked over. When Evelina saw Stella, her expression became a little unnatural.
After all, she had been thoroughly humiliated because of Stella at Bistrova last time.
Evander, too, was reminded of the Bistrova incident, which had ended with him being forced to have Alaric pay the bill.
Asher looked at Evelina and Evander. "Since we're all here today, you two can apologize to Stella."
The expressions on Evelina and Evander's faces were identical-both were clearly unwilling.
Stella's lips curled into a cold smile as she looked at Asher. "It seems they're not very willing."
Asher's face immediately hardened. "What did you two promise me at home?"
Remembering that he still needed Asher's money for his wedding, Evander finally spoke up. "I'm sorry Ms. Waverly It was all my fault. took it upon myself to give your dress to Eve." 
Asher then turned to Evelina. "You've always been the most sensible one in the
family. Don't disappoint me."
Evelina was about to explode from frustration.
But she still needed Asher to
continue his partnership with PZ Group, so she couldn't afford to burn this bridge. With a wronged expression, she said, "I'm sorry Ms. Waverly didn't know it was your dress. If I had known wouldn't have worn it." 
*It's just a stupid dress*, she thought. *What's so special about it?*
Stella looked at Evelina. "That's not what you should be apologizing for. You should be apologizing to Lemira for deliberately spilling red wine on the dress to frame her."
Evelina's eyes welled up with tears. She glanced up at Asher. "Asher, I know Stella
has a problem with me, but I can't admit to something I didn't do."
*Ha*, she thought. *Asher will definitely believe me, not Stella.*
###Chapter 633
Lemira glanced at Stella. While she didn't really need Stella to stand up for her, she was glad Stella hadn't been fooled by the Langston family.
That was enough.
Asher frowned. "Stella, Eve has already apologized. Just let it go.
Stella looked at Asher in disbelief, unable to comprehend how he could say such a thing.
Evander added, "Ms. Waverly, you don't know what Lemira is like. What you saw might not be the truth. Eve would never intentionally frame someone. Someone else must have set her up."
The implication was that Lemira had staged the whole thing for Stella to see.
Stella stared at Asher. "Is that what you think, too?"
Asher paused for a moment before saying, "Lemira has always had a lot of conflicts with the family, and she's done things like this before. You can't completely trust her."
In that instant, Stella's disappointment in Asher was absolute.
Asher's eyes held a trace of impatience. "Stella, there are so many people watching. Can you do me a favor and not cause a scene?"
Evelina, her voice choked with sobs, chimed in, "Asher, I don't want to see you and Stella fighting because of me. Even though I didn't do it, I'll do whatever Stella says, as long as she's not angry."
Stella slapped Evelina across the face.
Evander immediately shielded Evelina. "Ms. Waverly, what gives you the right to hit someone for no reason?"
"I'll hit her if I want to. Do I need to check the calendar first?"
Stella couldn't take it anymore. "Asher, if you're going to protect Evelina like this, then I'll just tell Edith the engagement is off. You can spend the rest of your life with this two-faced girl."
Watching the scene unfold, Lemira found Stella increasingly endearing.
Finally, Stella walked over and took her arm. “Let's go.”
"No, you can't leave! Asher, are you just going to stand there and watch Eve get bullied? We're family!" Evander yelled at Asher, his face flushed with anger.
Asher was caught in an impossible position. He absolutely could not afford to offend the Waverly family right now.
With a hardened expression, Asher grabbed Evelina and said coldly, "Apologize."
Evander looked up at Stella. “Did you hear that? My brother is telling you to apologize."
Stella raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure about that, Asher?"
Asher turned back to Evelina. "I'm telling *you* to apologize. Didn't you hear me?”
This time, it was Evelina's turn to be stunned. "Asher, I didn't do anything wrong."
Why should she have to apologize? Why was Stella's word law?
Asher lowered his voice and hissed at Evelina, "The Langston family can't afford to offend the Waverlies. If you don't want to see is go bankrupt right now, you'll apologize immediately!" 
Stella was clearly siding with Lemira and doing this on purpose. Evelina burst into tears of
Oxon. Evander spoke up, "Eve,
Don't you dare apologize.
Asher cant do anything to your 
But Evelina didn't move.
Evander was useless, all talk and no action.
If she left today, would she ever be able to return to the company and participate in the Al project?
Knowing Asher's temper, it was highly unlikely.
Thinking about her father's plan, Evelina swallowed her pride and looked up at Lemira and Stella. "I'm sorry."
Stella's voice was icy. “You still haven't admitted that you spilled the wine on purpose that day."
"I'm sorry, I spilled it on the dress by accident. It had nothing to do with Lemmy. I was just scared, so I misspoke."
Of course Evelina wouldn't admit she did it intentionally.
Stella was infuriated by her attitude. What a detestable, two-faced girl.
Lemira tugged on Stella's arm. "Let's go."
As they walked away, Stella said with some frustration, "I wasn't finished."
"No matter what you said, that
two-faced girl would never have admitted it. In the end, people would
have just thought you were throwing
your weight around so many
people watching, it would have been bad for your reputation." 
Lemira looked at Stella earnestly. "You don't have to stand up for me, but I
appreciate the thought."
###Chapter 634
"But that's not fair to you. That b*** Evelina did it on purpose, I saw it with my own eyes."
"I know. Things like this have happened countless times since we were kids. Thank you for standing up for me and forcing them to apologize, but in the end, you're the one who would have been affected."
That was why Lemira had pulled Stella away, to prevent any damaging rumors from spreading.
Stella's eyes welled up. "I'm sorry. I used to misunderstand you."
Only by witnessing firsthand the injustices Lemira faced could she truly understand what she had been through.
Lemira gave a small, weary sigh. "It's fine. I stopped caring about them a long time ago. By the way, didn't you say you were going to break up with Asher?"
“I brought it up with my family, but they said it was a minor issue and told me to just talk things over with Asher."
Stella's expression turned helpless. "The engagement isn't easy to break, but I'll find a way."
"Asher is the type who cares most about his pride. If you keep opposing him, he'll likely get fed up and break up with you himself.”
Seeing Stella's predicament, Lemira guessed that she must be facing difficulties within the Waverly family as well.
Just then, Mrs. Waverly arrived and went straight to Stella. "Why aren't you with Mr. Langston?"
Stella replied obediently, "I was just about to go."
The sight made Lemira's gaze turn colder.
Asher noticed Mrs. Waverly's arrival and immediately walked over. "Mrs. Waverly."
Mrs. Waverly glanced at Asher. "I've arranged for a photographer for you today. You two need to put on a good show so the media has something positive to report tomorrow."
"Of course, Mrs. Waverly. I won't disappoint you this time. I was even planning to personally measure Stella's foot data so we can design a custom shoe for her."
Mrs. Waverly smiled. "That's a wonderful idea. That's why I had her come today."
Stella, however, seemed reluctant. “Edith, I've already arranged for a friend to help me with the measurements."
Mrs. Waverly's tone sharpened. "Which friend?"
Lemira stepped forward. "This friend."
Mrs. Waverly finally seemed to notice Lemira. “Isn't this Ms. Langston? You're a game streamer. Do you know anything about this field?"
She had to admit, this Lemira girl was something else.
Not only had she completely captivated Orion, but she had also managed to get shares in Maple Group.
Once Maple Group's project launched, Lemira's net worth would be in the tens of millions.
Mrs. Waverly had already found out that Evelina was just an adopted daughter. Since she had decided to partner with Asher, she now had to be wary of Lemira.
At that moment, a company staff member approached Lemira. "Lemira, here's your ID badge. You'll need it for your speech as the Chief Technical Engineer later." 
Mrs. Waverly was taken aback. "Lemira is the Chief Technical Engineer?"
The staff member nodded. "Yes. Is there a problem?"
"She's so young, just a freshman in college. How could she possibly be the Chief Technical Engineer?"
Mrs. Waverly's tone was laced with scorn. She looked at Lemira, thinking no wonder
even Sophia had been outshone. This girl was quite capable.
The staff member countered,
"Lemira may be young, but she was
the top scorer on the national
exams. Besides, she's the one who spearheaded this project." 
"So what if she was the top scorer? Our company is full of them, and they're still just employees."
Still unconvinced, Mrs. Waverly stared at Lemira. “It seems some people will do anything to please a woman."
Lemira knew Mrs. Waverly was talking about Orion.
With a faint smile, she replied, "Mrs. Waverly, I hear you have a keen eye for
investment, but it seems you've misjudged this time."
Without waiting for Mrs. Waverly's reaction, Lemira followed the staff member, her steps light and confident.
Mrs. Waverly's face darkened with anger. "Asher, I heard there will be a Q&A with reporters after the speech, right? If she can't answer the technical questions, wouldn't that be incredibly humiliating?" 
She was determined to teach Lemira a lesson today.
###Chapter 635
Asher didn't really believe Lemira could hold the position of Chief Engineer either. It had to be a ploy by Thaddeus, giving her shares for some ulterior motive.
If Lemira made a fool of herself later, it would be a good thing for the Langston
Group.
Stella overheard their conversation and secretly pulled out her phone to message Lemira, warning her to be careful during her speech.
Lemira smiled when she saw Stella's message.
She wasn't afraid of any questions.
"Lemon."
Thaddeus arrived and scanned the venue. "Where is he?"
"He got a call from the hospital right after we parked. It was about his grandmother's condition, so he went straight there."
Thaddeus sighed. "The old matriarch's health has been declining these past two years. Her only wish is to see Orion get married. That's why the Sinclair family has been so aggressive, spreading rumors and trying to use Orion's sense of duty to force his hand."
But at that critical time, Orion had chosen to take a trip to Lyria, perhaps to say goodbye to his past.
And then he met Lemira, and everything started spiraling out of his control.
Lemira fell silent for a moment. "Is Grandma Eileen's condition very serious?"
"It is. Fortunately, they were able to stabilize her, but I hear it's been touch-and-go. The old woman only has one wish."
Thaddeus paused, looking meaningfully at Lemira. "If, and I'm just saying if,
something were to happen to her, and Orion wanted to bring you to see her... would you do him the courtesy of not refusing?"
The question caught Lemira off guard.
She remembered Orion's kindness to her, and how Mrs. Amanda had also treated her well.
She could only murmur, "Grandma Eileen will be fine."
Lemira couldn't help but recall that in her past life, the elderly Mrs. Everhart had passed away next year.
There had been rumors that the Everhart family had also lost money to PZ Group, and some whispered that the old matriarch had died from the shock of being swindled.
She would have to remind Orion to avoid any dealings with PZ Group.
Perhaps that could buy Mrs. Eileen a few more years.
Thaddeus glanced at Lemira but didn't press the matter further. These were things the two of them had to sort out themselves.
His eyes then fell upon the Langston family, standing with Mrs. Waverly and Stella.
Thaddeus frowned slightly. "What is
my aunt doing, bringing Stella here?
Is she trying to announce
World that Asher is the man
the
marrying into the family?"
"That's probably part of it. Your aunt is collaborating with the Langston family on the
Al project. Does she know Maple Group is registered under your name?"
Lemira knew Mrs. Waverly was Thaddeus's aunt; Orion had told her.
Thaddeus gave a wry smile. “I just found out about this myself.”
“But the partnership was established a long time ago. It's only recently been made public."
Because Asher needed the Waverlies' influence, he could no longer keep it under wraps.
Thaddeus looked displeased. "I'll have a word with her later. Asher's character is questionable; he's not fit to marry into Stella's family."
Lemira nodded. If Thaddeus was on Stella's side, breaking the engagement shouldn't be too difficult.
Soon, the conference began.
As one of the representatives,
?
Lemira took a deep breath and walked onto the stage. Gripping the microphone, she began, "It's an honor to be here today to discuss the fatest advancements in artificial intelligence'd like to focus on several key points..."
Lemira spoke clearly and confidently, her poised demeanor drawing many eyes.
The other speakers were all technical experts chosen by their respective
companies, most of them middle-aged men.
Lemira was the only woman, and by far the youngest.
Murmurs spread through the audience "I heard she's Maple Group's Chief Technical Engineer, the top scorer on the national exams, and a top student at orvin University." 
"Not only that, I heard Maple Group gave her founder's shares just to keep her. The
benefits must be incredible."
###Chapter 636
"But she's so young. Is she really that good? I heard she's involved with the boss behind Maple Group, and that's why they keep giving her all these resources."
The crowd buzzed with gossip about Lemira.
Evelina listened, a sour feeling growing in her stomach. If things hadn't turned out this way, she could have been the one on stage, representing the Langstons.
Instead, Lemira had stolen all the spotlight.
Evander, who now harbored a deep resentment for Lemira, complained, "Asher, Lemira knows our family has an Al project too, yet she's siding with outsiders. Why didn't you stop her?"
Asher's expression soured. "With her terrible temper, who could stop her? She's digging her own grave now, so she has no one to blame but herself."
Now that he had dragged the Waverlies into this, they would deal with Lemira for him.
Sure enough, after Lemira finished her speech, the very first question from the press was a sharp, tricky one.
Lemira looked at the reporter. “Your question is outside the scope of my presentation today."
The reporter was aggressive. "But it's a simple technical question. Don't tell me you can't answer it?"
Most of the audience settled in to watch the spectacle.
Mrs. Waverly emerged from the VIP lounge, eager to see the show. She joined Asher, her voice cold. "The higher they build your sister up, the harder she'll fall today!"
"She's only gotten more rebellious because she has someone backing her," Asher said, also hoping to see Lemira taught a lesson.
Mrs. Waverly glanced at him. "I was worried you'd be too afraid to move against your sister, knowing who she's with."
After all, if Asher thought he could use Lemira to get close to Orion, her own investment would be in jeopardy.
"Business is business. She deserves to be taken down a peg."
Asher figured Lemira was only relying on Thaddeus's support. If even Mrs. Waverly wasn't afraid to challenge her own nephew, what did he have to worry about?
But soon, the smiles vanished from Asher and Mrs. Waverly's faces.
Not only did Lemira answer the question, but the reporter who asked it couldn't even tell if her answer was correct.
It was the other engineers who had spoken earlier who nodded in approval "A brilliant answer. She brought up points we hadn't even considered." 
Unwilling to concede, Mrs. Waverly said coldly, "Keep asking."
Two more questions followed,
a answered them with
though once again, the caset
Were Comtely lost conto
.net>
But the applause from the industry experts in the audience was all the confirmation
anyone needed.
Mrs. Waverly said in disbelief, "What's going on? Did the questions leak beforehand?"
Stella, standing beside them, commented coolly, "Edith, could it be that Lemira is just that brilliant?"
Asher immediately shot that down. "Impossible. Those questions were too difficult."
"Is it that hard to admit that someone else is exceptional? To admit that your own sister is that brilliant?"
Stella's mocking tone infuriated Asher, but he dared not retort in front of Mrs. Waverly.
Mrs. Waverly, fuming, turned on Asher. "Are you two siblings working together to make a fool of me?"
"Mrs. Waverly, I would never do such a thing. The Langston family is counting on your help right now."
“Hmph, don't lay that on me. It looks like you've found a new backer now."
After all, Lemira had hooked up with Orion.
Asher was frantic. "Mrs. Waverly, I
don't understand what you meamet
Isn't Mr. Draven
emira
backer?" N
FindNovel.net
As far as he knew, her boyfriend was just a powerless school doctor.
“You mean to tell me you still don't know who's really backing Lemira?"
"I always thought it was Mr. Draven. Is there someone else?"
From Mrs. Waverly's expression, Asher guessed there was indeed someone else besides Thaddeus.
Who could it be?
###Chapter 637
Asher was desperate to know who Lemira's backer was, besides Thaddeus.
Mrs. Waverly studied Asher's face. Seeing that he genuinely seemed unaware, her mood suddenly brightened.
Lemira hadn't bragged to the Langstons about Orion's identity?
It seemed the rift between Lemira and her family was even deeper than she had imagined. This was good news; at least it meant Asher wouldn't be siding with his sister.
Asher tentatively said, "Mrs. Waverly?"
Just then, Thaddeus walked over. "The questions your reporter asked were a bit sharp. Do you have a problem with me?"
All it took was one phone call for Thaddeus to find out who had arranged for the reporter.
He needed to feel out the situation: was this attack aimed at Lemira, or at him?
Mrs. Waverly's smile became more genuine. "I'm sure many people were wondering on what basis Lemira was standing on that stage. Now, after this test, everyone can see she has real talent."
But Mrs. Waverly still suspected that something had gone wrong, that Lemira had somehow gotten the questions in advance to answer them so perfectly.
She was sure her own nephew, who was as thick as thieves with Orion, was behind it.
Thaddeus glanced at Stella. “You shouldn't bring Stella out to these things. And you should think more carefully about the character of the man you want marrying into the family. Nothing is even set in stone yet, and bringing him out like this is bad for Stella's reputation."
Stella gave a polite smile. "It's alright, Asher."
Because of her leg, most of the older boys and girls in her social circle were quite protective of her.
Asher, hearing this, felt a prick of irritation. "Mr. Draven, if you have a problem with me, just say it. You don't have to be so indirect."
Thaddeus replied bluntly, "Glad we're on the same page."
Asher's face fell. But before he could respond, Evelina stepped forward. "Mr. Draven, I know you have an issue with Asher because of Lemmy. But in a family conflict, the fault is never one-sided. I'm sure Lemira has her own shortcomings."
Asher caught on. "If you have a problem with me because of Lemira, Mr. Draven, then I have nothing more to say."
"Alright, now. I've met Ms. Langston a few times, and I have a sense of her temperament. A family squabble is hardly a major issue."
With these words, Mrs. Waverly made it clear she was on Asher's side.
Stella lowered her head and said nothing.
This only deepened Thaddeus's dislike for the Langston family. He said nonchalantly "Stella's birthday is coming up isn't it? We should have a proper celebration. 
Mrs. Waverly smiled. “Indeed. We'll make it a grand affair this time. The entire Langston family must attend."
A flash of delight crossed Asher's eyes. Was this their way of publicly announcing his relationship with Stella?
He knew that bringing Mrs. Waverly in on the Al project was a surefire win.
Mrs. Waverly said little else before leaving with Stella.
Asher's mood soared. With the
Waverlies public acknowledgment,
he could use their connections climb ever higher. 
Evelina was also thrilled. "Asher, if we're going to the Waverlies' party, shouldn't we start preparing?"
The Langston family was finally about to break into high society.
Her own opportunity had finally arrived.
Asher smiled and nodded. “We certainly do. We can't afford to embarrass the Langston name."
Evelina's eyes darted around. “But what about Lemira? If she goes,
with
she probablygust bioke
FindNovel.net
Evander nodded in agreement. "Yeah, nothing good ever happens when Lemira's around. We shouldn't let her go."
Evelina thought the same. If Lemira went, she would undoubtedly steal her thunder again.
Without Lemira, she would be the one and only Miss Langston.
Asher glanced over at Lemira, who was surrounded by a crowd of people, shining like a star.
He snorted. “True. She said it herself, she doesn't need to rely on the Langston family."
At this critical juncture, he couldn't let Lemira crash the Waverlies' party and drag the family down.
Hearing this, Evelina was overjoyed. "Asher, then I need to buy a beautiful dress. I won't let our family down."
###Chapter 638
Evander took Evelina's hand. “Asher, now that our family's biggest crisis is resolved, I'd like to get engaged to Eve as soon as possible, to give her that official status."
Evelina's smile froze on her face. "Evander, there's no need to rush, is there? Asher still has so much on his plate."
She did not want to get engaged to Evander.
But Asher agreed to Evander's request, saying they would discuss it after the Waverlies' birthday party.
Evelina was so angry she could have killed someone.
At that moment, Lemira felt an unsettling gaze on her.
She looked up and saw the backs of the Langstons as they were leaving, but not before catching Evelina's dark, hateful glare.
Lemira shot back a provocative look, which made Evelina's face turn pale with rage.
Lemira knew Evelina had introduced PZ Group to Asher. She would have to investigate that thoroughly.
She was eagerly awaiting the look on Asher's face when he finally learned the truth. That would be the day the Langston family went bankrupt.
The event ended, and Lemira noticed Orion still hadn't shown up. She wondered how things were at the hospital.
On the way back to campus, Lemira called Debby from her PR team. "Any news from the auto shop?"
"The guy is a veteran mechanic at the shop. He's skilled and well-liked. He's been keeping a normal routine work, home, dinner and card games with colleagues. Nothing out of the ordinary."
Lemira thought about Evelina's recent activities. "Check if there's any connection between PZ Group and Evelina."
There had to be a link.
Before hanging up, she added, "How is the elderly Mrs. Everhart's condition?"
"The old matriarch isn't doing well. She's still in the ICU."
Lemira glanced out the window. No wonder Orion never made it to the conference.
When Lemira got back to her dorm, she saw Stella was also back, her eyes red and swollen.
She walked over. “Have you been crying?"
Stella forced a smile. "I told Edith I want to break up with Asher. She refused."
"Why does she get to refuse?"
“Because she's the one calling the shots in the Waverly family right now. My stepmother, my brother, and I all have to walk on eggshells around her.”
Stella looked utterly defeated. "I used to think Edith genuinely cared about me, but now I see that's not the case."
Edith had chosen Asher because it was a mutually beneficial arrangement.
Lemira looked at Stella. “Do you want to become independent, to stop being controlled by others?"
She had just heard Thaddeus mention Stella's birthday party and that the Langstons were invited, which meant they were planning to make the relationship public.
Stella nodded firmly. "Yes."
“Then you have to believe in yourself. Look at me—I'm independent from the Langston family now. Nothing is impossible. Since you've made your decision, you need to plan your birthday party carefully."
After Lemira said this, Stella finally managed a small smile.
Lemira had her own selfish reasons for helping Stella. The Waverlies were leaders in the news media industry. If Stella could gain Independence and a voice within the family, it would make Lemira's investigation into the Sinclair family much smoother. 
One week later, on the day of the Waverlies' birthday party, Lemira received another
large gift box before leaving the dorm. It had no luxury brand logo on it.
She knew it was from Orion. He had been sending things every day for the past
week, and her dorm room was nearly overflowing.
Stella opened the box and burst out
laughing. So Orion bought this
dress! heard Evelina wanted it so I badly that your brother even came to me for help. Tsk, tsk, that two-faced girtis going to die of jealousy today." 
Oanice asked tentatively, "So, Lemira, are you going to wear it?" "Yes."
If it could infuriate Evelina, why wouldn't she?
Today's birthday party was incredibly important for Lemira as well.
Just then, her phone rang. She glanced at the screen and saw it was Asher.
Her expression turned cold as she answered. "Lemira," he said, "the Langstons were invited to Stella's birthday today if you want to come back to the family and be my sister again, then you can come with us." 
###Chapter 639
Hearing his words, Lemira thought the Langston brothers were arrogant beyond belief.
Even now, Asher spoke to her with a condescending attitude, as if he were bestowing some great charity upon her.
Did he really think being his sister was such an honor?
Her prolonged, stunned silence must have been mistaken for hesitation.
He continued, "Lemira, I know you only came back to the Langstons for Mom and Dad's inheritance, to keep it from Evelina. If you sincerely return to the family this time, and we go back to how we were before, I promise I'll treat you both fairly. I won't favor Evelina anymore."
He had realized that Evelina was completely useless to the family; she was nothing but a liability.
"No, you're lying. You're only saying this because you see that I'm on good terms with Stella, and you want to use me to secure your position with her."
Lemira saw right through his scheme.
As she spoke, she saw the color drain from Stella's face beside her.
She gave Stella a reassuring look and continued into the phone, "Mr. Langston, do you really think everyone is a fool? That you can just use the old stick-and-carrot routine, and people will come running back to you?"
She was a person, not a dog.
Though perhaps in her brothers' eyes, that's all she had ever been—an obedient dog.
"Lemira, do you think everyone is as petty as you? I'm offering you a way back, and you're the one who's throwing it away. Don't come to regret it later.”
Asher's voice was seething as he hung up.
Lemira looked at Stella. "That's my brother for you. He's always been insufferably arrogant, convinced he can do no wrong while everyone else is always at fault.”
That was why he had called her, trying to use her to win over Stella, all while maintaining his high-and-mighty demeanor.
Lemira mused that her other brothers, having been raised by Asher, were all cut from the same cloth.
Stella's eyes were red with anger. "I'm so sorry."
"Don't apologize to me. This is nothing new. You need to be strong for the party tonight. Asher and Mrs. Waverly won't be easy to deal with."
Lemira took the white dress from the box and changed into it.
She would not let Asher, with the help of the Waverlies, succeed with his Al project. Otherwise how would she force Evelina and the person behind her to make their move? 
ave
Only when they acted could she find the clues she needed.
Lemira, Stella, and Oanice headed out to a salon to get ready.
When they arrived, Stella realized
something was off. The owner et
this salon was notoriously difficult, to book she had never been been able to get an appointment. 
But their driver had brought them here, and she knew without asking that this was Orion's doing.
After their makeup and hair were done, Stella finally couldn't hold it in any longer and told Lemira.
Lemira was momentarily stunned. Orion had been messaging her every day recently.
It was mostly trivial stuff—what meetings he had, who he went out drinking with.
He also sent gifts every single day, and even though she refused them, he kept sending them.
She could have just deleted his number, but she hadn't. She just didn't reply.
How could she so easily forget someone she had loved for so long?
Lemira snapped back to the present. "Well, if someone wants to be a sugar daddy, we might as well ca advantage of it. It's getting late, you. should head to the party first."
Stella was relieved to see she wasn't angry. "He'll definitely be there later. With him
backing you, no one will dare to bully you."
In front of the Everhart family, the Langstons weren't even worthy of carrying their shoes.
Orion was coming to the party? Lemira's heart fluttered in confusion.
Stella left first, while Lemira and Oanice were still finishing up.
Oanice was nervous. "If Stella goes through with this today, she'll have completely fallen out with her family."
###Chapter 640
“If she does nothing, she'll just be used and then thrown away."
Just like she had been in her past life.
Lemira reviewed her plan for the evening, then glanced at Oanice. "You can still back out now if you want."
"You think I'd do something so disloyal?"
Oanice might have been timid, but she still wanted to help her friend.
An hour later, Lemira and Oanice set off for the seven-star grand hotel, which the Waverlies had booked entirely for the event.
When they arrived, a long line of luxury cars was already queued up.
The taxi they were in stuck out like a sore thumb.
Even the driver kept glancing in the rearview mirror, wondering if Lemira and Oanice were there to cause trouble.
Brazenly, Lemira got out of the car and led Oanice toward the hotel entrance.
"Lemira, do you just crash every party you can? Today's event is only for high society and relatives of the Waverlies. Who do you think you are?"
Susanna, clutching a designer handbag, looked down her nose at Lemira. "My sister and the Everhart heir are the real couple. A country bumpkin like you should stop dreaming. If you want to be the other woman, you should take a look at yourself in the mirror. My sister is the number one socialite!"
Ever since she found out Lemira was the woman the Everhart heir was seeing, Susanna had been consumed with a murderous rage. If her sister hadn't stopped her, she would have acted long ago.
Lemira remained expressionless. She had known something like this would happen tonight.
Oanice couldn't help but retort, "The other woman? Watch your mouth. The Everhart family already clarified that there's no engagement with your sister. You're the ones shamelessly clinging to them."
Enraged, Susanna raised her hand to strike, but Lemira caught her wrist. "If you lay a hand on her here, you'll be on the front page tomorrow. Go on, try it."
Susanna, fuming, turned to the security guards at the door. "This woman is trying to sneak in. Don't let her through!"
A guard stepped in front of Lemira. “Ma'am, please leave.”
Oanice was indignant. “I'm an invited guest."
Susanna laughed out loud. "You two came in a taxi. Today's guests are all people of status. Why would the Waverlies invite you? If you're going tode, at least make it believable!" 
She was determined to make Lemira's night miserable.
Lemira calmly produced an invitation and handed it to the guard.
Susanna's expression froze. “That invitation must be a fake.”
The guard scanned it, his eyes widening in surprise. “The invitation is real. You are Ms. Lemira Langston, correct?"
Lemira nodded, and the guard quickly returned the invitation.
But Susanna snatched it away. "Impossible! How could you received an invitation from
Waverlies you from thet
Could it be because of the Everhart
family? Would the Waverlies reallet
disrespect the Sinclairs by inviting. this b*** to their party? s?novels
Just then, Asher arrived with the rest of the Langston family.
He walked straight up to Lemira. “So you came after all. In that case, just stay by my side and behave yourself."
Lemira crossed her arms, a smirk playing on her lips. "I'm not here because of you." Evelina came over, her eyes blazing with jealousy when she saw the dress Lemira was wearing.
She had wanted that dress desperately, but Asher had told her it was unavailable. And now, it was on Lemira!
Could it be that Asher had given it to Lemira as a peace offering?
With feigned sweetness, Evelina said, “Lemmy, without Asher, you wouldn't have even made it through the door."
*Why won't this b*** just disappear?*
Evander glared at Asher. "Asher, why did you let Lemira come? Weren't we better off as a complete family without her?"
###Chapter 641
Asher shot Evander a glare. "Shut your mouth. Lemira is a Langston, too."
Hearing this, Evelina felt a murderous surge of jealousy.
That b*** Lemira had cut ties with the family. How could she still be considered a Langston?
Lemira snatched the invitation back from Susanna's hand. "Now that you've had a good look, give it back."
Susanna felt a pit in her stomach. She had already examined the invitation; it was real, and the name hadn't been altered.
Spotting Evelina, Susanna's tone dripped with contempt. "The Langston family is qualified to receive an invitation?"
Evelina smirked. "Of course. Asher was personally invited by Mrs. Waverly herself."
"Tsk, tsk. A family of new money."
Susanna stormed off. She was determined not to let that b*** Lemira off the hook at tonight's party.
Lemira held up her invitation. "See? I received an invitation, too."
Looking at the invitation, Asher guessed Stella had sent it. He hadn't realized their relationship was so close; his own connection with Stella had cooled significantly recently.
After a moment of silence, he said, "Since you're here tonight, no matter what, your last name is still Langston. If my relationship with the Waverlys improves, it will benefit you as well."
Lemira's eyes glinted with sarcasm. "Absolutely not!"
She had no intention of saving face for the Langstons. After all, things were bound to get ugly later.
Evander said angrily, "Asher, you promised you wouldn't let Lemira come to the party."
Evelina added tearfully, "Asher, I told you I wanted that dress, and you said you couldn't get it, but today Lemira is wearing it. I know I'm not your biological sister, but you didn't have to lie to me, Asher."
Asher's temples throbbed with anger. "Lie to you about what? If Lemira can wear that dress, it's because she earned it!"
He had to admit, Lemira was far more accomplished than Evelina now.
Especially after the last tech
conference, when Asher realized his company's Atechnology was far behind Maple Group's, he had
started to feel a pang of regret. 
Lemira had always excelled in these areas; even the Langston Group's firewall system had been built by her.
If only he had managed to keep Lemira in the family from the start.
The Langston family wasn't what it used to be. Alaric hadn't even come with them today, and Asher knew the boy resented him.
Hearing Evelina, Evander turned on Lemira. "Lemira, have you no shame? Eve saw that dress first. What gives you the right to take it?"
"I think you're the shameless ones Is everything you lay your eyes on automatically yours? With an attitude like that, you might as well go ask for the keys to the city" 
Hearing the Langstons, Oanice's anger flared.
They were unbelievably shameless.
Evelina pulled at Evander's sleeve. "Just let it go, Evander. I know my place." "No way. You're my girlfriend now, and my future wife. I have to stand up for you."
Evander stared defiantly at Lemira. "Take that dress off right now. You're not worthy of wearing it!"
"So you're saying I have to take off my own dress just because Evelina liked it and couldn't get it?"
"Yes. You've upset your sister-in-law, so of course you have to change. Don't you have any manners?" Evander's tone was utterly self-righteous.
Lemira looked up at Asher, her eyes filled with scorn. "And you think I actually want to come back to a family like this?"
Asher was speechless. Seeing Lemira's icy gaze and hearing Evander's words, a deep sense of unease settled in his stomach.
Perhaps he was realizing Evander's words were wrong and that he used to treat Lemira the exact same way.
Oanice didn't hold back. "Only
someone who's been hit in the head would want to go back to a family that devours people whole. A adopted sister gets jealous that ou Lemira is wearing a beautifubdress and throws a fit demanding she take
it off. Pathetic! So damn shameless!"
Evander's eyes widened in fury as he yelled at Oanice, "What did you just say? Say
it again!"
###Chapter 642
"I'm talking about you, you lapdog, fawning over a two-faced girl while abusing your own sister. You don't deserve to be a brother, yet you act all high and mighty. Your whole family is insane!"
Lemira smiled, pulling Oanice away. It wasn't good to cause a scene with so many people watching.
Evander, still fuming from the verbal lashing, snapped, "Asher, did you see that? What kind of attitude was that? And you gave her the dress Eve wanted to win her over!"
"I'll say it one more time: that dress belongs to Lemira. I didn't give it to her."
After all, with so many wealthy people in Orvin, his connections weren't nearly good enough to get his hands on that dress.
Evelina spoke up meekly, "It must have been Ms. Waverly who helped her. Ms. Waverly never seemed to like me much."
Asher thought the same. It was most likely Stella. "Whatever the case, we absolutely cannot offend Stella. Otherwise, you can all get out of the Langston family."
Evelina forced a smile. "Don't worry, Asher."
With such a golden opportunity tonight, she was determined to make a good impression.
She needed to seize the chance to meet more people from high society. She had no real intention of marrying a loser like Evander.
With their own agendas in mind, the Langstons entered the banquet hall.
Lemira led Oanice on a tour of the hall before they ended up at the food section, since they didn't know anyone there.
"Well, well. Just as I expected from country bumpkins. The first thing you do is head for the food. Look how utterly uncouth you are."
Susanna approached with several of her friends, Evelina among them.
Lemira instinctively shielded Oanice, facing Susanna. "If you think the food section
is for country bumpkins, then I'll be sure to ask Mrs. Waverly why she bothered setting up something so beneath Ms. Sinclair."
Susanna's face changed. "How dare you! I was just saying you're country bumpkins, lowering the class of this party."
That b*** was actually trying to frame her.
Evelina stepped forward. "Lemira, Ms. Sinclair was just offering some friendly advice. After all, we've never had the chance to attend a party like the Waverlys' before. We should be careful not to make a fool of ourselves." 
Susanna still looked down her nose at them. "Exactly. I was just giving you a friendly reminder, so don't be ungrateful. Don't think you can just marry into wealth and become royalty. My sister is..." 
"Oh, everyone's here."
Stella walked over just then, smiling at Lemira. "I've been waiting for you. I need your help with something."
Without another word to Susanna, Lemira and Oanice followed Stella away.
After they left, Susanna glanced at Evelina. "Did you do it?"
Evelina's smile was triumphant. "Of course. Soon, in front of all these people, Lemira's reputation will be ruined for good."
Susanna studied Evelina thoughtfully. "It seems you Langstons know your place. You'd better not be dreaming of climbing the social ladder."
It appeared the Langstons had no intention of latching onto the Everhart family.
Evelina found Susanna's words a bit odd, but she was finally getting a chance to teach Lemira a lesson. Besides, whether it succeeded or failed, Susanna would be the one to take the fall.
It was a foolproof plan.
Meanwhile, Lemira and Stella had moved to a quieter spot.
Oanice grumbled, "That Susanna is so annoying."
Lemira agreed. She was just like her sister, Sophia, cut from the same cloth.
?
Stella lowered her voice. "I was worried you'd be at a disadvantage. But I haven't seen Sophia today. I guess she's afraid of being embarassed After all the news that Orion publicly clarified he has no engagement with the Sinclair family has already spread everywhere." 
Everyone at the party moved in the same circles, so of course they would be gossiping about the Sinclairs.
After the three had chatted for a while, a group of people suddenly approached.
Led by Susanna, they marched aggressively toward Lemira. "Give me back my emerald bracelet. You must have picked it up when you thought no one was looking."
###Chapter 643
Lemira looked at Susanna, her expression calm and unruffled. "You're saying I stole your bracelet? Do you have any proof?"
"What proof do I need? I just went to the food section, and when I came back, my antique bracelet was gone from my wrist. You two were the only outsiders there. If you didn't take it, who did?"
Susanna spoke with such conviction, all but branding Lemira a thief.
Stella was the first to snap. "Susanna, are you out of your mind? I was at the food section too. Does that make me a thief?"
Susanna scoffed. "Of course you're not a thief. You don't need to steal things like that. But some people are different. Country bumpkins who've never seen anything nice."
Stella's face flushed with anger. "Susanna, if you say one more ridiculous thing, you can leave my birthday party. You're not welcome here!"
"Stella, don't be rash."
Mrs. Waverly finally stepped forward and glanced at Stella. "Ms. Susanna Sinclair is our guest. How can you talk about kicking someone out? You're being so childish."
Stella's eyes welled up with frustrated tears. "But Lemira and Oanice are my friends, whom I personally invited. Susanna just accused them of being thieves in front of everyone. Isn't that going too far?"
Did anyone here not know what Susanna was like?
"Stella, you can't blame Ms. Susanna Sinclair for being suspicious. It is quite a coincidence. She just wanted to ask Ms. Lemira if she happened to see an antique emerald bracelet."
Mrs. Waverly looked at Lemira, but her eyes held a clear look of disdain.
Lemira knew from the start that Mrs. Waverly looked down on her. So, would Mrs. Waverly really be happy with Asher marrying into the family?
Something was definitely off.
Lemira gave Mrs. Waverly a faint, mocking smile. "Since you've put it that way, I'll answer your question: I haven't seen any bracelet."
After she spoke, Mrs. Waverly's expression clearly soured. She was obviously not satisfied with that answer.
But what could she do? Did they expect her to confess to a crime she didn't commit?
The smile in Mrs. Waverly's eyes didn't reach them as she turned to Susanna. "Ms. Langston said she didnt see your bracelet. Why don't you look for it somewhere else. 
Mrs. Waverly was happy to see
Susanna Cause trouble for Lemira
;
In the end it would be the Sinclair family who faced the consequences, not the Waverlys. fo FindNovel.net
But Susanna just snorted. "She must have it. I just checked the security footage. It's in her purse."
Lemira glanced at her clutch. The zipper was open.
She had casually placed it aside while getting food earlier. The only thing inside was
her phone; there was nothing valuable.
She looked back up, a cold smirk playing on her lips. "Since you've seen the footage, let's play it for everyone to see."
Susanna looked a little flustered. "I've already seen it, and so have the other Langstons."
Evelina had been trying to hide in the background, but Susanna had just called her out.
Forcing herself to step forward, Evelina said, "Lemmy, why don't you just let everyone check your clutch? That would clear your name, wouldn't it?"
Lemira stared at Evelina and Susanna. "So this was your plan all along."
They had surrounded her with their friends, full of aggression.
Susanna said smugly, "Lemira, if you don't dare let us check your purse, that just proves you're guilty."
This time, she would ruin Lemira's reputation completely, ensuring she could never compete with her sister for Orion's affection again.
After all, what prominent family would want a thief for a daughter-in-law?
Lemira glanced at her clutch. "Fine, you can check it. But if it turns out have nothing to do with this, will M Susanna Sinclair publicly apologize to me?" 
"Why would I need to apologize to you? The bracelet is definitely in your bag."
Susanna's tone was utterly certain.
###Chapter 644
Mrs. Waverly, who had seen through the little trick, spoke calmly. "Ms. Langston, since you're willing to have your bag inspected, why don't you give it to me? I will ensure everyone gets a fair explanation."
But Lemira kept her gaze fixed on Mrs. Waverly. "Does that mean you agree, Mrs. Waverly? If I'm innocent, Ms. Susanna Sinclair will have to publicly apologize for her slander?"
Mrs. Waverly's hand faltered for a second. This Lemira was far too aggressive.
Seeing the standoff, Asher spoke up. "Lemira, you're being so disrespectful. Mrs. Waverly is offering to check your bag for you to save you some face."
"That's right, Lemmy. By hesitating and making demands, you're only making yourself look more suspicious."
Evelina, in her typically manipulative way, added fuel to the fire. Today, she was determined to see Lemira humiliated. Then Asher would surely stop caring about her.
What a relief that would be.
Evander was even more direct, shouting, "Lemira, you used to steal things at home when you were a kid, and now you're stealing at a party! You've brought shame upon the entire Langston family!"
His words stunned the surrounding crowd.
Lemira looked at Evander, a flash of shock in her eyes. She never thought Evander would stab her in the back like this.
Asher turned and scolded Evander. "Are you crazy? Lemira never stole anything when she was a child."
Even though he disliked Lemira, how could he let him spread such lies?
But Evander didn't care. He strode forward and snatched the clutch from Lemira's hand. "Lemira, you're just being stubborn. Let's see if you have stolen goods in your bag!"
Evander unzipped the clutch and pulled out a vibrant green bracelet.
He looked almost thrilled as he held it high for everyone to see. "Lemira, you still deny stealing? Here's the proof! What else do you have to say for yourself?"
The crowd gasped.
Asher stared at the bracelet in disbelief, then turned to question Lemira What is going on? I just defended you, believing you weren't that kind of person. You've disappointed me so much content 
The moment Asher saw the bracelet, his mind went blank. This was beyond humiliating.
He couldn't let Lemira drag the Langston family's name through the mud, not when Mrs. Waverly was about to announce his status.
Evelina's eyes gleamed with triumph. "Oh, Lemmy. I know this is your first time at a party like this, but how could you resort to stealing?"
Susanna raised her voice. "A country bumpkin will always be a country bumpkin. Utterly classless."
Seeing this, Mrs. Waverly finally spoke in a measured tone. "Mr. Langston, this is your family's affair. How do you propose to handle it?"
"To be honest, Lemira cut ties with our family a long time ago. She is no longer considered a Langston, Even today she came as a guest of Ms. Waverly, not with me." 
Asher wanted nothing to do with Lemira now.
Hearing Asher's words, Lemira felt no surprise. She had always known that he only cared about his own interests.
Mrs. Waverly looked at Lemira, noticing her calm and composed demeanor, which she found. unsettling Ms. Langston, you've been caught red-handed. Is there
anything you'd like to say?" .net
Even though she knew it was a setup, if it meant ruining Lemira's reputation, the Sinclair family would owe her a favor.
Lemira simply asked, "I don't have much to say, but how do you usually handle situations like this?"
Susanna gloated, "By calling the police, of course. My antique bracelet is worth millions. That's enough to put you in jail for a few years."
Once Lemira had a criminal record, the Everhart family would never accept a woman like her.
Asher stepped forward and put a hand on Lemira's shoulder. "Aren't you going to apologize to Ms. Susanna Sinclair right now? Do you actually want to go to jail?"
He couldn't stand the thought of having a sister in prison.
Lemira's lips curved into a cold smile. "Those who do wrong should indeed pay the price. But the one going to jail won't be me. It will be Susanna."
###Chapter 645
When Lemira said this, everyone in the room shot her looks of contempt.
Susanna herself became even more arrogant. "Lemira, have you lost your mind? Now that you've been caught red-handed, you're resorting to wild accusations?"
Luckily, the party hadn't officially started yet, and the Everhart family hadn't arrived.
No one could save Lemira now.
"That's right, Lemmy. Ms. Susanna Sinclair is not an unreasonable person. If you just admit your mistake and return the item, maybe the Sinclair family won't press charges, and you can avoid jail time."
Evelina wouldn't miss such a perfect opportunity to grind that b*** Lemira into the dirt.
Susanna added mockingly, "Lemira, if you confess to stealing and apologize to me, I'll consider not pressing charges. After all, this is the Waverlys' party. It wouldn't be appropriate to get the police involved."
Mrs. Waverly frowned at Lemira. "Ms. Langston, if you want to get out of this, you should admit your mistake now. For Stella's and Asher's sake, I will make sure you don't go to jail."
Susanna's friends started chanting, "Confess, confess, confess!"
Lemira let out a soft laugh as she looked at Mrs. Waverly. "I did not steal Susanna's bracelet."
"You didn't steal it, you just found my property and intended to keep it for yourself. That's still stealing."
Susanna had anticipated this defense and had her rebuttal ready.
Lemira raised her eyes slightly. "Susanna, you and your friends surrounded me and deliberately planted this bracelet in my bag to frame me for theft. Are all of you Sinclairs this dirty?"
Susanna's expression turned unnatural. "What nonsense are you talking about? You're the one who found my property and refused to return it."
Mrs. Waverly was growing impatient. "Lemira, you claim you're innocent. Do you have any proof?"
"I do. I never make claims I can't back up."
Lemira's gaze was icy as she glanced pointedly at Susanna and Evelina.
Evelina, however, instinctively shrank back. She had suffered from Lemira's tactics several times before.
Lemira took out her phone and
projected its screen onto the nearby
monitor. "Coincidentally, when they
nded me to make theiomove, was caught on camera. all
The image on the large screen was crystal clear. Lemira was being distracted by Susanna and Evelina.
Then, a girl standing behind Lemira quietly opened her clutch and slipped the bracelet inside.
The video was sharp and left no room for doubt.
At that, the entire room fell silent.
The moment Susanna saw the video, her face went white. "How is that possible?"
Evelina's expression was just as ugly. How could they have been filmed? Today was supposed to be the perfect opportunity to crush Lemira into the mud!
Damn it!
Lemira said calmly, "Well, Ms. Susanna? What do you have to say for yourself now?"
Susanna was so flustered she couldn't utter a single word. She never expected to be exposed. What was she going to do?
Mrs. Waverly was also speechless. Susanna was such an idiot.
Lemira looked at Mrs. Waverly. "Now, I believe Susanna owes me an
apology Otherwise, if call the al
pelice, youthall be going down! 
Susanna, pale with fear, could only look to Evelina for help.
To save herself, Evelina turned to the girl who planted the bracelet.
did
frame Lemira?" 
You Susanna's brace
Susanna quickly caught on and slapped the girl across the face. "That's right, why
did you steal from me?"
###Chapter 646
The girl, having been slapped, knew she had to be the scapegoat. She lowered her head and remained silent.
Seeing this, Mrs. Waverly stepped in to smooth things over. "Alright, the truth is out. Ms. Langston, you are innocent."
"Is a simple 'you are innocent' enough?"
Lemira stared at Susanna. "Calling me a thief over and over again—is this the kind of upbringing the Sinclair family provides?"
Susanna was now completely dumbfounded. Who knew Lemira would have an ace up her sleeve?
Just then, Mrs. Amelia arrived fashionably late, joining Susanna's side. "Susanna, have you gotten into trouble again?"
"Mom, I just thought my bracelet was lost. I had no idea my friend was the one who stole it. I didn't know!"
Susanna quickly hid behind her mother.
Mrs. Amelia turned to Lemira. "My apologies. Our Susanna is a bit impulsive and not very bright. She often does foolish things like this."
Lemira finally saw the infamous Mrs. Amelia. She looked a lot like Sophia.
She replied calmly, "Whoever did the wrong should apologize. Pushing your mother forward to take the blame is hardly a sign of filial piety, Susanna."
Mrs. Amelia's brow twitched. This girl was audacious.
Asher stepped forward, looking at Lemira. "That's enough. It's been proven that you had nothing to do with it. There's no need to be so aggressive."
This was a chance to earn a favor from the Sinclair family, which would benefit the Langstons.
Ignoring Lemira, Mrs. Amelia addressed Asher directly. "I'm truly sorry for this unfortunate misunderstanding."
"Not at all, Mrs. Amelia. My sister has a quick temper too and often speaks without thinking."
"That's just how children are. I won't hold it against her. We can have a private dinner later to resolve this. For now, let's not continue this scene at the Waverlys' party. It's unseemly."
Asher nodded. "Of course."
Lemira scoffed. "Fine. I'll be waiting for the Sinclair family's explanation."
She knew the main event of the party wasn't now, so it was best not to drag this out.
Lemira turned to Stella. "I'm fine, don't be angry."
Stella whispered, "They're going too far."
Just moments ago, they were relentlessly accusing her, but now that the evidence was out, they were all about making peace.
Just because Susanna had someone to back her up?
But Lemira had no one, not even her own family.
The more Stella thought about it, the more upset she became.
Lemira found it almost amusing. "I know. I'll settle this score later. You go on and tend to your duties."
Stella took a deep breath and composed herself.
Mrs. Waverly glanced at Mrs. Amelia and said, "If you'll excuse me for a moment."
With that, the crowd's attention finally shifted elsewhere.
Asher went to greet Mrs. Amelia, and
Comna eagerly rushed
Susanna, hoping bet
make an
good impression on Mrs Amelia
Asher turned back to Lemira. "Come over here and apologize to Mrs. Amelia. You were very rude just now."
"It's quite alright. She's just a child. I can understand her being upset after being falsely accused."
Mrs. Amelia maintained a gracious attitude, making Lemira seem all the more unreasonable.
Lemira saw
nonchehrough it and said
nonchalantly, "I'll be going to the
police tomorrow captu
being framed as a thief." 
After she said that, she noticed a shift in Mrs. Amelia's eyes.
Asher angrily pulled Lemira aside and hissed, "Lemira, have you lost your mind? If you just boy your head now, and build a good relationship with the Sinclair family, it wil benefit the Langstons." 
Today marked the Langston family's official entry into this social circle; they were here to network.
All Lemira had to do was back down and let it go.
###Chapter 647
Lemira looked up at Asher, her eyes filled with scorn.
Asher's gaze wavered. "I know you feel wronged, but I'll make it up to you."
"I don't need any compensation from you. You want me to back down so you can benefit? In your dreams."
Lemira shoved Asher away and walked off.
Oanice added from the side, "Didn't someone just say Lemira had cut ties with the family? Now that you see she might be useful, suddenly she's family again. Do you really think everyone is a fool?"
Hearing this, Asher's face darkened.
By the time he turned back, Mrs. Amelia had already left with Susanna. A golden opportunity, wasted by Lemira.
Evelina said cautiously, "Asher, maybe you can persuade Lemira to reconcile with the Sinclair family later. It would be bad if this blows up."
Asher stared at Evelina. "Were you involved in this?"
"Asher, what are you talking about? I had no idea. It was that other girl who did it secretly."
Evelina would never admit it now.
Asher looked at Evelina, though he already had a good idea of what happened. His tone was sharp. "Stella and Lemira are on good terms. Stop playing these petty games."
"Asher, why are you yelling at Eve? It's Lemira's bad attitude that makes everyone dislike her."
Evander immediately came to Evelina's defense, taking her hand.
But Evelina pulled away. "Evander, our relationship hasn't been made public yet. We should be more discreet. Today is very important for Asher."
The Draven family would also be at the party today, which meant Dorian might be here. Evelina didn't want Dorian to know about her and Evander.
Asher nodded. "That's right. Evander, come with me and greet some people."
Evander reluctantly let go of her hand. "Alright, Eve. Be careful on your own. If Lemira gives you any trouble, you have to tell me."
"I will. You two go on."
Evelina was thrilled to have Asher drag Evander away. It gave her the perfect chance to find Dorian. They hadn't seen each other in a white, mainly because Evander was so clingy, leaving her no free time. 
She couldn't string Dorian along for too long, or he might genuinely lose interest.
Evelina pulled out her phone and started messaging Dorian.
After leading Evander away, Asher couldn't help but say, "Evander, could you try to
be a bit more polite to Lemira from now on?"
has caused Eve so
"Asher, Lemira h
much suffering, and you want me to
be nice to
her? She used to be so
obedient around me. I haven't seen
her in a while and she's turned into this. I wish she'd died in thatcar accident." 
"Shut up. No matter what, Lemira is our sister. If ugly rumors get out, it will affect the Langston family's reputation."
Asher was now convinced he needed to mend his relationship with Lemira.
Given how close she was with Stella, he had to keep Lemira on their side.
But Evander didn't reply, clearly not caring in the slightest. Without Lemira, they still had Eve.
What could a mere girl like Lemira possibly do to them?
Asher, however, couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong, though he couldn't put his finger on it.
Meanwhile, Lemira and Oanice wandered through the party, stopping by the food section to grab some snacks.
Oanice grinned. "The look on their faces when you showed that video was priceless."
"Yes, and it's all thanks to your quick thinking."
Lemira had sensed something was off, but the moment she saw Oanice sneak off to
the side with her phone, she decided to play along.
As she expected, Susanna had brazenly come to cause trouble.
So she decided to deliver a swift and thorough humiliation.
Lemira said, "Actually, everyone here knew what was going on. With the evidence laid bare, the Sinclair
family will likely become a
laughingstock again."
rel
At the very least, Susanna's reputation as a brainless brat was now firmly
cemented.
###Chapter 648
Oanice's eyes sparkled with amusement. "Serves the Sinclairs right for being so arrogant. Always going on about how her sister is the top socialite, when the Everhart family hasn't even acknowledged it. And they had the nerve to call you the other woman. So shameless!"
Seeing Oanice's righteous indignation, Lemira said, "Alright, we have more important things to do."
"I know. I've been keeping an eye on Evelina. She headed towards the exit, so the Draven family must have arrived."
A cold light flashed in Lemira's eyes. If a perfect opportunity was presenting itself, it would be a waste not to take it.
Soon after, the party officially began.
Lemira and Oanice stood in the crowd, watching Stella walk out in a beautiful gown, looking like a princess.
She watched Stella's steady gait, which showed no sign of any abnormality.
It seemed the device she had designed was a good fit for Stella. However, it had been a rush job, so the comfort level was probably not ideal. It would need further adjustments.
"Lemira, you're here too."
Mrs. Amanda suddenly appeared beside Lemira. She noticed the dress Lemira was wearing; it looked vaguely familiar.
Seeing Mrs. Amanda this time, Lemira felt a little awkward.
The dress was a gift from Orion.
Mrs. Amanda just glanced at it and then smiled. "Did you come alone? I heard the Langstons are all here. They're supposed to announce the engagement between the Langston and Waverly families tonight."
Lemira pressed her lips together. "That's not exactly good news."
"Ms. Langston, do you have some ion to the Waverlys? This marriage would be very beneficial for your family."
Just then, Sophia walked over gracefully, as if nothing had happened earlier.
Lemira glanced at Sophia, who was acting completely unfazed. "Just a little while ago, your sister framed me for theft, only to be exposed for her deliberate slander. And now you can stand here and talk to me as if nothing happened. I have to admire the thick skin of you Sinclairs."
Mrs. Amanda looked surprised, then turned to Sophia. "Your sister really is out of line."
"Mrs. Amanda, I only just heard about it myself. It seems it was Susanna's friend who did it, she had nothing to do with it. I'll discipline her later."
After her explanation, Sophia's gaze on Lemira turned cold.
Sophia continued, "I never expected that after searching for so long, the Waverys would choose a son-in-law from the Langston family. It's quite a surprise." 
If this went through, the Langston family's social standing would rise significantly, which was something she did not want to see.
Mrs. Amanda smiled. "It's wonderful. From now on, you'll be staying in Orvin too, Lemira. We'll all be friends and can help each other out."
Hearing this, Sophia's expression faded.
Lemira said with a hint of resignation, "Mrs. Amanda..."
"Don't be so formal. I have to go say hello to some friends over there. We'll talk later."
Mrs. Amanda patted Lemira's hand and walked away.
As Lemira watched her go, she
heard Sophia's voice beside her net
"Mrs. Amanda is only being nice to you to keep you u away from Orion Don't get the wrong idea." 
Lemira turned her head. "You're very jealous, aren't you?"
Seeing the top socialite, Ms. Sinclair, lose her composure finally lifted her spirits.
Lemira looked up at Stella on the stage, a flicker of worry in her heart.
Mrs. Waverly was holding a microphone, and after a short speech, she looked at Asher. "And
now I'd like to introduce you call to
fia
Mr. Langston our Stella's fi
"We're just very good friends."
Stella cut Mrs. Waverly off abruptly. She looked at Asher. "Mr. Langston and I are currently just friends."
Lemira watched as the triumphant smile on Asher's face vanished instantly, replaced by a storm of fury in his eyes.
Ha. Did he really think he could marry into money and still be the one in charge?
###Chapter 649
Standing below the stage, Lemira watched Stella's calm demeanor with the microphone and instantly felt relieved.
After all, just last night, Stella had been in tears over today's events.
But today, she had pulled herself together.
Seeing Lemira in the audience, Stella's nerves subsided.
For her entire life, Stella had never stood up to her family, always obeying Edith's every command. She had thought changing boyfriends would be a simple matter, but she was met with a harsh scolding from Edith.
It was only then that Stella realized Edith wasn't as kind to her as she had believed.
The moment she went against Edith's wishes, Edith's entire demeanor changed.
If that was the case, she would no longer be a puppet on a string.
The once lively atmosphere grew cold.
Everyone present had just been introduced to Asher as the Waverlys' future son-in- law, with Mrs. Waverly personally taking him around.
How could Stella suddenly claim they were just friends?
Mrs. Waverly's smile froze on her face. She looked at Stella and whispered harshly, "What kind of tantrum are you throwing?"
But Stella pretended not to hear. Speaking into the microphone, she said cheerfully, "Thank you all for coming to my birthday party. Please eat, drink, and enjoy yourselves."
With that, she walked off the stage. Mrs. Waverly hurried after her. "Stop right there!"
Stella was blocked.
Mrs. Waverly turned her back to the crowd and faced Stella. "Have you grown wings now? What's wrong with Asher? Haven't you two always gotten along well?"
"But I told you I don't like him anymore. You're the one who wouldn't agree."
Mrs. Waverly was furious. "Was it because of something Lemira told you? Why would you believe her over your boyfriend, Asher?"
"Edith, I have my own eyes. Besides, if I get engaged to him, my shares will be transferred to him to manage the company's affairs. I am not willing to do that."
Stella knew it was Edith who wanted the shares; Asher was just a pawn.
She hadn't been idle these past few days and had uncovered the likely agreement between Edith and Asher.
Mrs. Waverly wanted to say more, but Stella pushed past the people blocking her and walked away.
This time, no one dared to stop her.
Lemira watched as Stella, now the
center
of
attention, walked over in
her beautiful dress.
velnet
Congratulations." Content gs"
"Thanks."
SWI
But Asher quickly approached them. "Stella, is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?"
Asher had waited so long for this moment.
He had endured all the mockery about marrying into her family.
But in the end, Stella had slapped him in the face.
Evelina, also worried, quickly added, "Ms. Waverly, did Asher do something to upset you?"
"Looks like you have some self-awareness. It's because I can't stand you."
Stella didn't spare Evelina's feelings in the slightest.
Evelina's eyes immediately reddened. Evander at her side spoke up. "What does this have to do with our Eve?"
Stella's words were blunt. "Because I don't like the atmosphere in your Langston family."
A family full of favoritism.
Just then, Mrs. Waverly walked over. "Stella, it's time for you to go back to your room and change."
They couldn't afford to make a scene out here; it would only bring shame to the Waverlys.
Lemira stepped forward and linked her arm with Stella's. "Let's go. I'll go with you."
Mrs. Waverly glanced at Lemira but said nothing.
The two room
urned to the dressing into here Stella quickly changed
into a different outfit and had her look touched up. 
No one disturbed them during this time.
After changing, Stella walked out to find the crowd parting. Asher was
pushing a large cake towards he
with people around them singing and cheering. 
Lemira stood to the side, watching the scene with a cold glint in her eyes.
No wonder Asher hadn't come in earlier. He was busy preparing this.
###Chapter 650
The Langstons were as self-righteous as ever, always making arrangements without ever asking if the other person even wanted them.
Asher pushed the cake in front of Stella, while Mrs. Waverly smiled and said, "No matter what conflicts two people have, they can be worked out. Look how sincere Mr. Langston is, preparing so many surprises for you."
Stella looked at the cake before her and felt as if she was being emotionally blackmailed.
Mrs. Waverly handed the cake knife to Stella and whispered, "You can be selfish if you want, but are you going to disregard your stepmother and half-brother abroad? Your brother needs a lot of money for his medical treatments."
Stella's face turned pale. Edith was openly threatening her.
It wasn't that George Waverly and his family were poor, but no one was willing to step up, and the company was entirely controlled by the second branch of the
family.
Lemira was standing right next to Stella and heard every word Mrs. Waverly said. A wave of anger washed over her.
This was blatant bullying.
Stella gritted her teeth, took the knife, and cut into the cake, revealing a red box inside.
Asher opened the box, took out a ring, and got down on one knee. "Stella, I know I'm not perfect in many ways, but I hope you can give me a chance. I promise I will give you a happy home in the future."
Mrs. Waverly added her encouragement. "Yes, look how sincere his proposal is. He's been preparing for this day for a very long time. Say yes to him."
"Say yes, say yes, say yes!"
The surrounding crowd started chanting. Asher held out the ring to Stella, his face a mask of deep affection.
Lemira watched the scene, feeling it was utterly hypocritical.
In her past life, Asher and Stella had indeed gotten engaged, and with the Waverlys' help, he had established a foothold in Orvin. Lemira didn't dare to imagine what had become of Stella after he had used her.
Would a man as obsessed with his image as Asher truly accept a wife with a physical disability?
Thinking of this, Lemira glanced towards a certain spot.
Suddenly, the large screen flickered to life, showing a young couple locked in a passionate embrace. The clothes were not yet
a passionered
completely off, but they were close. 
Lemira watched as the woman in
the video, Evelina, had her skirt hiked up to her thighs by
Dorian, stret
straddling
his lap and grinding against him,
The scandalous video on the large screen captured everyone's attention.
Asher, seeing it was Evelina, turned pale with rage. Forgetting everything else, he immediately tried to call her.
But there was no answer.
Evelina, her face flushed, clung to Dorian's neck, her moans growing louder.
In that moment, Asher wanted to kill Evelina. That p*** b***!
She had single-handedly ruined the perfect setup he had orchestrated for today.
Mrs. Waverly's face contorted in fury. She yelled, "What are you all standing around for? Turn off that screen!"
The screen went black, but the crowd was already buzzing with gossip about the video they had just seen.
Mrs. Waverly glared at Asher. "What a fine upbringing you have in the Langston family!"
Asher was seething. He turned to Evander and shouted, "Where is Evelina? Wasn't she with you just now?"
"She said she was going to the restroom. How could this happen?"
Evander's eyes were red with fury. "Asher, we have to find them. I'm going to kill that bastard!"
He dared to sleep with his woman? He was asking for death!
Just then, Evelina walked out, her
face flushed and glowing, her voice still laced with a
a certain cana
"Asher, why did you call me?"
Asher rushed forward and slapped her across the face.
###Chapter 651
Lemira watched as Asher lunged forward and slapped Evelina so hard she went flying.
Evelina spun around twice, trying to grab onto someone to steady herself, but everyone scrambled back, afraid of getting hit.
She ended up crashing onto the lawn, half her face already swelling up.
Lemira clicked her tongue. It was a good thing this was an outdoor garden party. If they had been indoors, Evelina would have split her head open.
At this, the entire crowd was stunned.
Evander quickly wheeled himself over and grabbed Asher's arm. "Asher, what are you doing? Are you trying to kill her?"
"If I could, I would kill this shameless woman."
Asher was furious enough to commit murder. He couldn't believe Evelina had caused such a disaster at such a crucial moment, completely disgracing the Langston family.
Seeing her chance, Lemira interjected, "Asher, that's not right. You're all family, after all. Can't you just let it go?"
After she spoke, she saw the murderous look in Asher's eyes and couldn't help but smile.
This boomerang she'd thrown was definitely going to hurt.
Evelina struggled to sit up, her cheek numb with pain. She looked at Asher with an innocent expression. "Asher, what did I do wrong? Why did you hit me?"
She felt deeply wronged. With so many high-society figures watching, how could she ever show her face in public again?
Asher pointed a trembling finger at her and yelled, "Where were you just now?" "I... I just went to the restroom."
Evelina stammered, feeling a pang of guilt. Of course, she wasn't going to admit she'd been with Dorian in a private suite.
Everyone was outside at the party; surely no one had noticed what she was doing. As soon as she said that, someone in the crowd sneered, "From what we saw, it didn't look much like a restroom. More like a private suite."
"Tsk, tsk. I never knew that Dorian kid was into such k*** stuff."
"And I never thought a girl from the Langston family would be so forward. Getting it
on in a suite like that? How cheap can you get?"
Hearing these comments, Evelina's heart sank. What was going on?
How could they possibly know? It was impossible!
Just then, Evander wheeled himself in front of Evelina, his voice chillingly cold Eve, telle were you forced? I'll make that man pay for what he did!" 
FindNovel.net
In his mind, Eve had always been a pure, innocent girl.
What had just happened couldn't possibly have been consensual.
Evelina stammered, "Evander, what's going on? I don't understand!"
But a terrible feeling of dread was creeping over her.
Lemira suddenly spoke up. "Didn't someone record it? Show it to her so she knows what's going on."
Someone actually pulled out their phone and played the video they'd just recorded.
When Evelina saw what was playing on the screen, she froze, a cold shiver running down her spine.
How could this be?
Why would someone have filmed what she and Dorian were doing? It was all over! Seeing Asher's murderous gaze, she quickly clung to Evander's leg. "Evander, I... I was forced! That's why I didn't dare say anything."
"I knew it! Who was that bastard? I'll kill him!"
Evander was practically exploding with rage after seeing another man with Evelina.
Evelina tugged at Evander's sleeve. "Evander, I... I want to go home. Please, take me away."
She had to get out of there immediately, or she'd never be able to explain her way out of this.
"Hey Dorian, still enjoying your post-coital smoke over there? Someone over here is calling you a bastard and wants to kill you."
Dorian, who had been blissfully
smoking, heard this and sauntered over, cigarette dangling from his
lips. He was shocked to
Evelina's swollen face.
Dorian rushed to her side. "Eve, what happened to your face? Which son of a b***
dared to hit you? I'll beat the hell out of them for you."
After all, he was quite fond of Evelina; she was pure, innocent, and knew how to please a man.
When Evelina saw Dorian, she started trembling in fear. Damn it, what was she going to do now?
It was over. Completely over.
Evander grabbed Dorian by the
collar, his eyes blazing with fury. "You bastard, you're the one who r*** Eve, are
re
r*** Eve, aren't you? The Langston
family will never let you get away with this!" 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 652
Dorian was bewildered. "I didn't r*** her."
"Still trying to deny it? It was broadcast on the big screen! Everyone saw it. They're all witnesses!"
Evander grew more furious as he spoke, landing a punch squarely on Dorian's face.
Dorian wasn't one to back down. After being punched for no reason, he instinctively kicked Evander's wheelchair over. "You damn cripple, don't think you can just hit me because you're Eve's brother."
Sprawled awkwardly on the ground, Evander yelled, "R***! I'm calling the police to arrest you!"
"Go ahead and call them! Eve is my girlfriend. Isn't it normal for us to do things together?"
But Dorian found it strange. Why was it broadcast on the screen?
Who was trying to mess with him?
Evander retorted loudly, "Impossible! Eve is my girlfriend! We're getting married."
"What?"
Dorian stared at Evander. "Aren't you Evelina's brother?"
Evelina had been telling him she needed to stay home to take care of her disabled brother. And now they were getting married?
Dorian turned to Evelina, his voice icy. "Tell me, what the hell is going on? You're even sleeping with your own brother?"
Evelina was speechless, cold sweat beading on her forehead.
She was finished this time.
Who was trying to destroy her?
In her panic, Evelina's eyes landed on Lemira. She charged toward her. "It was you, wasn't it? It was you!'
Who else but Lemira would do something like this?
Lemira shoved her away. "What about me? Was I the one who told you to two-time them, dating Dorian while planning a wedding with Evander? Was I the one who took your clothes off while you were making out with Dorian in that suite?"
Lemira's words were vicious.
Evelina screamed in frustration, "It had to be you! It was you!"
Lemira's lips curved into a cold smile as she turned to Dorian. "Did Evelina ever mention she was engaged to Evander?"
"No. But isn't she adopted?" Dorian was confused.
"She is. But to marry Evander, Evelina already terminated her adoption with the Langston family."
Hearing this, Dorian turned to Evelina, furious. "Tell me, is that true?"
Seeing the look on Dorian's face, Evelina shook her head in terror. "No, it's not! Let me explain."
Just then, Evander awkwardly
hopped over on o
foot. "Eve, didn't
you tell me you had nothing to elfree do with this Dorian? That he was shamelessly chasing after you?" 
Faced with their questioning, Evelina turned pale, trying to play the victim.
But with one side of her face swollen, her attempt at looking pitiful fell completely flat.
Seeing that her cover was blown, Evelina's eyes rolled back, and she fainted.
Lemira snorted. "How convenient."
Even if Evelina heard her, she wouldn't move. She'd used this trick countless times since childhood, and it had always worked.
Unfortunately, this time Evelina had miscalculated. This wasn't the Langston estate.
At that moment, a middle-aged noblewoman stormed over, carrying a bucket of ice, and dumped it right on top of Evelina.
"Aah!!"
Evelina jolted awake, screaming in pain as the ice cubes pelted her bruised face. Who was doing this to her?
When Lemira saw the formidable Mrs. Grace Draven appear, she knew Evelina was in deep trouble.
Evander and Dorian might be fooled by the two-faced girl's act, but Mrs. Grace Draven certainly wouldn't be.
Seeing Evelina's state, Evander hopped over on one leg to stand in front of her. "Who is this old woman?"
"Get out of my way, you useless cripple!"
Mrs. Grace Draven shoved him hard, sending him toppling over.
She then sat on Evelina, raised her hands, and delivered a series of sharp slaps, left and right, bitting her so hard that Evelina was too dazed to even scream. 
Evander saw this and yelled at Asher,
Asher, stop that Man! Are you just going to stand there and watch Eve get beaten to de death”. 
Asher's face was ashen. "She's Dorian's mother."
The Draven family was not someone the Langston family could afford to offend.
"So what? You should help her! Aren't we family? Isn't blood thicker than water?"
Hearing Evander's words, Asher felt a wave of dizziness, nearly collapsing where he stood.
He was about to die from sheer rage.
###Chapter 653
Seeing the pained expression on Asher's face, Lemira felt a surge of satisfaction.
This day had finally come.
With Evelina causing such a huge disaster and bringing so much shame upon them, Lemira was eager to see what Asher would do.
Asher didn't even try to stop it.
It was Evelina who had caused this mess; she deserved it!
After delivering a thorough beating, Mrs. Grace Draven stood up, feeling refreshed, and began to curse at Evelina. "You p***, worthless s***! How dare you s*** my son? You're not worthy!"
Evelina was seeing stars, unable to utter a single word.
Evander retorted to Mrs. Grace Draven, "Who's s*** whom? Your son r*** my fiancée! This isn't over!"
At this point, Dorian realized things were getting messy and hid behind his mother, saying nothing.
He couldn't believe Evelina had dared to two-time him.
Mrs. Grace Draven put her hands on her hips and shouted, "Fine, call the police! Who's afraid? That little tramp Evelina was with my son, and I was the one who forced them to break up. You actually worship her like she's some kind of saint? The Draven family has no shortage of potential daughters-in-law. I wouldn't even look at trash like Evelina; it would dirty my eyes!"
Evander's face flushed with anger. He desperately wanted to ask Evelina what was going on.
But this time she had really passed out, beaten unconscious.
After her tirade, Mrs. Grace Draven turned to Mrs. Waverly. "I must say, your family's judgment is questionable. Look at the character of this family. I think you should just give up on them and find a different husband for Stella."
Mrs. Grace Draven now despised the Langstons.
If the Langston family managed to rise in status by aligning with the Waverlies, wouldn't it be impossible to get rid of that Evelina?
Mrs. Waverly was utterly humiliated today.
Stella spoke up first, "Mrs. Grace, I actually broke up with Asher a while ago, but he kept pestering me. Edith has always been good to me; I don't blame her for misjudging him."
Mrs. Waverly's face turned pale, but she didn't dare argue.
She finally vented all her anger on the Langstons. "Security! Get this family out of my party!"
At a time like this, the Waverlies had to save face.
By admitting they had misjudged and kicking the Langstons out, no one could accuse them of having ulterior motives.
When Asher saw the security guards, he turned to Mrs. Waverly, his head throbbing with rage.
He knew today was a complete disaster that had ruined all his plans.
But Mrs. Waverly ignored him. After all, he couldn't even control his own family.
Asher could only look to Lemira, a hopeful glimmer in his eyes.
Lemira and Stella were close; if she spoke up for him, Stella would surely believe her.
Lemira blinked. "Why are you looking
at me? This is the work of your obedient and sensible good sister Evelina. I wasn't the one who took off." 
her
FindNovel.net
Asher's eyes were bloodshot with fury, and he was filled with regret.
He glanced at Evelina on the ground and said coldly, "She has already terminated
her adoption with the Langston family. Lemira, you are my real sister."
"Oh, don't say that. It sounds so cold-hearted. After all, Evelina has done so much for the Langston
family. You've taught us since met
were children to always give in to her and be nice to her. Have you forgotten?" 
FindNovel.net
Lemira's words were like daggers, piercing Asher's heart.
Lemira even helped place the
unconscious Evelina onto Evander's wheelchair. She looked at Asher
"Even though Evelina caused trouble, blood is thicker than water Why bicker with her over this
"But didn't you see the shameful thing she did? She disgraced the entire Langston family!"
Lemira blinked. "Even so, you can't just disown her. How can you be so petty, Asher? You're family, you shouldn't hold grudges!"
After hearing this, Asher was so overcome with rage that he fainted, falling to the ground and leaving a small indentation in the lawn.
Lemira sidestepped him, surprised that he was so furious he'd actually passed out.
It made sense, though. Asher had placed immense importance on today's party.
He was waiting for this day to be introduced to the elite circle and elevate the Langston Group to new heights.
Now, all his plans had been ruined by Evelina.
He must have been driven mad with rage.
Seeing this, Mrs. Waverly turned to the security guards. "What are you standing around for? Take him to the hospital!"
Asher couldn't die on her, not after she'd invested so much money in him.
Damn it, if this had happened earlier, she wouldn't have invested a dime.
###Chapter 654
Evander glared at Lemira. "You're just enjoying the show. You'll get what's coming to you."
"It can't be worse than the karma of being cheated on."
Lemira's tongue was as sharp as a viper's. Evander was fuming. "Do you think you'll gain anything from Eve's humiliation?"
"At least I'll get some satisfaction. And after all, being happy is the most important thing in life."
"Lemira, you just wait!"
Evander couldn't win an argument with her. If Evelina weren't unconscious, he would have taught Lemira a lesson.
Lemira watched the Langstons leave, her expression turning colder.
Good, now Evelina was cornered.
She'd like to see how the mastermind behind all this would use Evelina to sabotage the Al project now!
But the commotion had cast a pall over the party.
Mrs. Amelia stepped forward. "Alright, everything's settled. Let's all enjoy the entertainment Mrs. Waverly has prepared for us."
With her smoothing things over, Mrs. Waverly's expression softened considerably.
The guests were polite enough to play along, but they were all whispering about what had just happened.
Mrs. Waverly, her face grim, pulled Stella into the main hall and raised her hand to slap her.
But before she could, Lemira caught her wrist.
She looked at Mrs. Waverly and said, "Stella is the birthday girl today. If you slap her and leave a mark, it wouldn't look good if word got out, would it?"
"Who do you think you are? This is a Waverly family matter. Don't think I don't know you were behind what just happened."
Even if Mrs. Waverly hadn't figured it out before, seeing the outcome made it all clear.
Stella wanted to break up with Asher, and she hadn't allowed it, so they orchestrated this little drama at the party.
Now that the Langstons were completely disgraced, she couldn't force Stella to stay with Asher without inviting gossip.
Stella stepped in front of Lemira. "It was my idea. She was just helping me."
"Are you a fool? Lemira has always been at odds with her family. She's ruthless enough to go after her own brother. Aren't you afraid she'll turn on you too?"
Lemira heard Mrs. Waverly's attempt to sow discord. She really lived up to her reputation as the "News Queen"; her skill at manipulation was impressive.
Stella looked up, her eyes red. "Edith, the only reason you're so anxious.is because you can no longer use me through Asher from now on, FL, handle my own affairs. You don't need to trouble yourself." 
"Fine. You've been deceived, and you'll regret it one day."
With that threat, Mrs. Waverly left. After such a public humiliation, she had to do damage control to prevent this from becoming tomorrow's headline.
Otherwise, the Waverly family would become a laughingstock!
After Mrs. Waverly left, Stella crouched down and burst into tears. "Lemira, I just feel so hurt."
Now, Stella could finally see that Edith didn't truly have her best interests at heart.
Lemira understood that feeling all too well. She said softly, "Some people aren't worth it. You need to look forward."
Just like her own previous life hadn't been worth it.
It was no big deal; she knew she'd eventually meet someone who was.
Lemira stayed with Stella until she composed herself, and then they returned to the party.
Most of the guests offered Stella a few words of comfort, as people tend to sympathize with the underdog.
Lemira saw Mrs. Amelia, Mrs. Grace Draven, and Mrs. Waverly approaching.
But it seemed Mrs. Amanda and Sophia weren't with them.
Mrs. Amelia suddenly spoke up. "Ms. Langston, after such a major incident with your family today, you're still at the party? Shouldn't you be at the hospital?"
Mrs. Grace Draven added with a sneer, "That's right. If I were a Langston, would have tucked my tail between my legs and left long ago. How can you have the gallto stay here? Aren't you afraid of being laughed at?" 
Mrs. Grace Draven's dislike for the Langstons was growing by the minute.
Stella spoke up defensively, "Lemira is my friend. She's not like the rest of them.
She cut ties with the Langston family a long time ago."
Mrs. Grace Draven's voice was sharp. "Cutting ties with her own family just to get close to you? She must be desperate to climb the
social ladder. Just like that Evelina,
no different at all." 
Mrs. Waverly then turned to Lemira. "Ms. Langston, you've heard what everyone is
saying. You should leave. It's not appropriate for you to remain at this party."
"Mrs. Waverly, do you have a problem with my girlfriend?"
Orion's deep, cold voice cut through the air.
###Chapter 655
Hearing the familiar voice, Lemira turned to see the man walking toward them across the lawn.
The lights accentuated the sharp lines of his handsome face.
Orion's arrival drew everyone's attention. He was, after all, the city's most sought- after bachelor.
Now that the rumors of his engagement to Ms. Sinclair were debunked, families with eligible daughters were starting to get ideas.
Orion walked straight to Lemira's side and looked down at her. "Sorry, I'm late."
Seeing him, Lemira was suddenly at a loss for words.
People around them started whispering. "Oh my god, is Ms. Langston the girlfriend Mr. Everhart was talking about?"
"Yes, yes, I heard Mr. Everhart's girlfriend was a game streamer. I can't believe it's her."
"I thought it was just a rumor, but it's actually true."
Lemira heard the chatter and pressed her lips together, saying nothing.
Orion stood beside her and looked up at Mrs. Waverly. "My girlfriend came to her friend's birthday party with an invitation. Is there some misunderstanding that would cause you to ask her to leave?"
Mrs. Waverly hadn't expected Orion to show up. Wasn't Mrs. Eileen seriously ill and in the hospital?
She forced a smile. "Mr. Everhart, what are you talking about?"
"Mrs. Waverly, whatever this misunderstanding is, allow me to clear it up for you." Orion's tone was icy, clearly ready to defend Lemira.
Mrs. Waverly was surprised that Orion would publicly acknowledge Lemira as his girlfriend. She hadn't realized Lemira had such a hold on him.
Her voice was strained. "It's not a big misunderstanding. Of course, I welcome all invited guests to the party."
"But I distinctly heard you telling her to leave. There must be a reason for that, right?"
Orion wasn't going to let it slide, his eyes dangerously cold.
The nearby Mrs. Draven stepped in. "Mr. Everhart, don't press Mrs. Waverly. It's all because of those shameless Langstons. They made such a scene at the party today, and some people stift have the nerve to stick around. I'm embarrassed for them." 
Mrs. Draven was still fuming.
It was all because of that shameless adopted daughter of the Langstons, throwing herself at her son, that this whole mess happened.
Mrs. Draven hated the entire Langston family now, and that included Lemira. They all had the same last name; what kind of decent girl could they possibly raise?
And now this Lemira had managed to latch onto Orion.
It just proved it: the Langston girls had no class, always trying to s*** rich men, dreaming of marrying up.
After hearing Mrs. Grace Draven's words, Mrs. Waverly said to Orion with a sigh, "I had no choice. I couldn't let it ruin the party."
"My girlfriend has severed all ties with the Langston family. Their shameful actions have nothing to do with her."
Orion had already heard about what happened at the party on his way over.
Although he suspected Lemira had something to do with the live stream from the suite, the Langstons had brought it on themselves. What did it have to do with Lemira?
Seeing Orion defend Lemira so fiercely, Mrs. Waverly knew she couldn't say much more.
But Mrs. Grace Draven wasn't ready
to give up. "Mr. Everhart, are you sure you haven't been deceived by her? Just now, the other Langston girl threw herself at my son in a suite, trying to duce him and
marry into wealth. Aren't you
suspicious of a girl from a family like
that?" 
FindNovel.net
Orion shot her a cold look. "Mrs. Draven, since you put it that way, let me ask you a
question. Dorian took his own pants off, didn't he?"
Mrs. Draven's face instantly turned beet red.
四周有人忍不住笑出声。
Lemira glanced up at Orion beside her. Was his tongue coated in venom today?
Humiliated, Mrs. Grace Draven
snapped, "But the Langston girl was
the one who threw herself at my son first! The Langstons have it all planned out Asher marries into the Waverly family, one sister seduces my son, and the other seduces you. If they succeed, the Langston family will jump up a social class
overnight!" 
###Chapter 656
Orion's tone was frigid. "Mrs. Draven, you're mistaken again. Lemira didn't s*** me. I was the one trying to s*** her."
Lemira nearly choked on his words.
How could he say something like that out loud?
Mrs. Grace Draven was finally speechless, but she still muttered under her breath, "Well, they're all Langstons. What kind of decent daughter can they produce? Raised without parents, no wonder she has no manners."
Hearing this, Lemira's face instantly hardened. "Evelina isn't my parents' daughter. She was adopted."
Mrs. Grace Draven shot back bluntly, "It's all the same, isn't it? What's the difference?"
"There's a huge difference."
Orion's eyes grew colder. "My girlfriend's parents raised her, not Evelina. Of course it's different. It's like if Mr. Draven had an illegitimate child outside of your marriage.
You wouldn't have raised him, so would that be the same?"
Orion's direct mention of an illegitimate child made Mrs. Grace Draven's face change color.
But she didn't dare say another word. The matter of the illegitimate child was a huge embarrassment, something she was trying to handle quietly. It would be a disaster if it became public.
"Yes, yes, you're right, it's different. It's always different when you have a man to protect you."
Mrs. Grace Draven said sarcastically, unwilling to concede defeat.
Orion's gaze turned even colder. "Then perhaps you should reflect on why Mr. Draven doesn't protect you? Is it because you secretly targeted his illegitimate child and arranged a car accident to try and kill him?"
As soon as he said that, Mr. Draven, who had been hiding in the background, finally rushed out and started yelling at his wife. "So you really did arrange that car accident, you venomous woman!"
"So what if I did? Does that bastard child of a mistress deserve to be part of the Draven family?"
Mrs. Grace Draven screamed back.
The middle-aged man slapped her across the face, but she fought back immediately, and the two started brawling.
One spectacle had turned into another.
The Draven couple finally left in disgrace.
Lemira was stunned. She knew Orion was doing this for her.
She stole a glance at the man beside her; his profile was sharp and still incredibly handsome.
Mrs. Amelia stepped forward. "Orion, Mrs. Grace Draven has always been blunt. She doesn't mean any harm."
"Even if she doesn't mean harm, she should at least be able to understand plain English, right?"
Orion's tone was sharp. Any fool could see he was there to defend Lemira
At Me wasn't going to be
yet Mrs. Grace Draven kept
her.
polite about it. 
FindNovel.net
Mrs. Amelia's expression soured. She couldn't believe Orion was so protective of this little nobody.
He knew their families had discussed an engagement. Was he trying to slap the Sinclair family in the face?
Though she was displeased, Mrs.
Amelia kept a smile on her face.
"Orion Mrs. Grace Draven was just
angry And this is the Waverly
party, after all. Could you let it go, for
their sake?" 
Lemira looked at the famous Mrs. Amelia and could tell her relationship with Orion was different.
The next moment, she heard Mrs. Amelia say to her, "Ms. Langston don't you agree? It's your friend's birthday party, after all All these little Incidents aren't good for the atmosphere." 
Lemira knew the Sinclairs were all cut from the same cloth.
Still, she had accomplished more than she'd set out to do today, so she was quite satisfied.
Lemira smiled and nodded. "You're right."
Stella immediately chimed in, "I don't mind at all, and I certainly don't blame Lemira."
In fact, she was grateful to Lemira for what happened today.
Mrs. Amelia smiled knowingly. "I know you're all good kids."
Mrs. Waverly, however, turned to Orion. "Mr. Everhart, is this Ms. Langston really your girlfriend?"
###Chapter 657
Mrs. Waverly's question captured everyone's attention.
They had all heard that the engagement between the Everhart and Sinclair families was off because Orion had fallen for another girl and dumped Sophia.
Lemira felt uncomfortable under everyone's scrutiny.
She looked up at Orion, but his eyes were deep and unreadable; she couldn't tell what he was thinking.
Orion's gaze was fixed on her as he said calmly, "Not yet."
Hearing this, a triumphant smile spread across Mrs. Amelia's face. She knew it. How could Orion publicly acknowledge a girl from such a minor family as his girlfriend?
He was probably just infatuated with Lemira for now. In the end, he would choose a girl from a suitable family to marry and have children with.
Mrs. Amelia thought that perhaps she shouldn't have let Sophia leave the party to go to the hospital with Mrs. Amanda. It would have been good for her to witness this firsthand.
Men could be charming, but they were always clear-headed when it mattered.
Mrs. Waverly deliberately pressed, "But didn't you just call Ms. Langston your girlfriend?"
"Because I haven't won her over yet. It's just wishful thinking on my part."
The man's voice was steady and full of affection.
Lemira heard his words, feeling as if something had struck her in the chest, sending waves crashing through her calm heart.
She never expected Orion to publicly humble himself like this.
Mrs. Waverly's smile froze on her face. She was taken aback, and then she looked at Lemira, amazed that this girl had such a powerful hold over Orion, making him wrapped around her finger.
Mrs. Amelia was also smiling, but the smile didn't reach her eyes. After all, the son- in-law she had her eye on for years had suddenly been snatched away. No one would be happy about that.
"Well then, Orion, you'd better work hard. Our Lemira has a lot of admirers at school."
At this, Stella stepped forward to link arms with Lemira. "If you don't put in the effort, someone else might sweep her off her feet."
After Stella finished, Mrs. Waverly frowned. "Stella, don't talk nonsense."
"Edith, I'm not. It's the truth."
Stella
She subtly backing Lemira
up.
She knew that people in their circte looked down on Lemira, seeing her. as someone with hip status and still no associated with the Langston family. 
"I will try my best."
Orion looked down at Stella. "Happy birthday. Time flies. I still remember when you were just a little kid."
"I know. I used to love chasing after you all when I was little. But because of my leg, I'd always get hurt, and Grandma Eileen would scold all of you."
Stella reminisced for a bit, and her mood brightened. "The dancing is next. Let's all have some fun. Lemira, do you know how to dance?"
Lemira nodded. "A little."
Back in Lyria, the Langston family was considered prominent, so she had attended many similar functions.
Stella held out her hand to Lemira. "Then I invite you for a dance."
Just then, Mrs. Amelia cut in, "Stella, girls don't dance with girls. You should ask your Orion to
You've known each o
dance
since you
were children." 
Mrs. Waverly quickly agreed. "Yes, yes, that's `right. You were originally
scheduled to dance with Mr.
Langston Why not dance with
Everhart instead?" 
fo FindNovel.net
Lemira glanced at Mrs. Amelia. She truly was a master-class schemer.
If it were anyone else in her shoes, they would surely be jealous of Stella dancing
with Orion after a comment like that.
###Chapter 658
Mrs. Amelia had even deliberately mentioned how close they were since childhood.
Stella quickly refused. "That's not necessary. It's more appropriate for Orion to dance with Lemira."
But Mrs. Amelia persisted, "Stella, it's your birthday, after all. I'm sure Ms. Langston isn't that petty, right?"
Lemira met Mrs. Amelia's gaze and offered a slight smile. "I don't mind—"
"See? Ms. Langston said so herself. Don't be shy, Stella."
Mrs. Amelia wore a gentle, proper smile, but there was a coldness at the corners of her mouth.
Stella anxiously looked between Lemira and Orion, knowing that Mrs. Amelia was saying this on purpose.
Orion saw right through it. He looked at Stella and said, "I'm sorry, but tonight I only want to dance with the girl I like. But perhaps I can find you another partner."
"Here I am! Did I miss the cake?"
Thaddeus finally arrived, with Matthew in tow.
Seeing him, Stella breathed a sigh of relief. "Thad, could I ask you for a dance?" "Of course. It's my duty to protect you. Can't let any other rascal get this chance." Thaddeus was incredibly sharp. Though he didn't know what was going on, he stepped forward like a true gentleman and invited Stella to dance.
Thaddeus whispered to Stella, "What's the situation? Give me the short version."
"That woman from the Sinclair family was trying to push Orion to dance with me and leave Lemira out."
Because of Edith, Stella had always been closer to Thaddeus since they were young.
Thaddeus understood instantly. "Looks like the Sinclairs just don't give up."
That woman was an expert at stabbing people with a smile.
Lemira watched Stella and Thaddeus go to the dance floor, noticing the Sinclair matriarch's expression wasn't pleasant.
Lemira looked directly at her and said, "You must be Mrs. Amelia, Susanna's mother, right?"
"Yes, I am. Do you need something from me?"
Mrs. Amelia concealed some of the coldness in her eyes, but her smile deepened.
She couldn't help but wonder what this little brat was up to.
Lemira nodded. "Yes, as a matter of fact, I do. As everyone saw earlier, your daughter Susanna deliberately had her friend frame me for theft. She even wanted to call the police and have me sent to prison for a few years." 
Lemira's words were blunt, and she saw Mrs. Amelia's smile fade.
She wasn't smiling so happily now, was she?
Inwardly, Mrs. Amelia was cursing Susanna for being so stupid. How had she given
birth to such a useless daughter who only caused trouble!
Despite her anger, her tone remained gentle. "I only just learned of this myself. Susanna has always been easily influenced by her friends It was awful of her to make such a scene at the Waverlys party.
I have already disciplined her."
After she finished, she looked at Mrs. Waverly. "I'm so sorry. Our Susanna has been
getting into trouble since she was a child."
"It's nothing. Kids will be kids. I didn't take it to heart."
Mrs. Waverly understood Mrs. Amelia's underlying message and immediately turned to Lemira. "Ms Langston, you're here for Stella's birthday. Surely you won't make big deal out of such a small matter- and embarrass Stella, will you?" 
Lemira's eyes grew cold. Were these two ganging up to guilt-trip her?
With a stern expression, Orion spoke first, "She may be kind enough to let it go, but
that doesn't mean I will."
###Chapter 659
Lemira heard the man's low voice next to her ear.
Orion had been standing by her side, defending her from the very beginning.
This man's words carried significant weight.
At the very least, Lemira saw the expressions on both Mrs. Amelia and Mrs. Waverly's faces change; Mrs. Amelia, in particular, almost lost her composure.
Mrs. Amelia's smile was stiff. "Orion, what are you saying? It was just a silly squabble between children. There's no need to blow it out of proportion."
Mrs. Amelia thought that given their families' relationship, Orion wouldn't actually help Lemira hold the Sinclairs accountable.
Mrs. Waverly also tried to smooth things over. "That's right. After all, Mrs. Amelia and your mother are such good friends. You should show her some respect."
Orion's tone was dismissive. "Business is business."
Lemira noticed that after he said this, the way people were looking at Mrs. Amelia had changed, their eyes now filled with a mixture of curiosity and schadenfreude.
In the end, Mrs. Amelia had no choice but to turn to Lemira, her eyes soft and pleading. "Ms. Langston, I know Susanna is not blameless in this. I promise I will discipline her when I get home. For now, please allow me to apologize to you on her behalf?"
Mrs. Amelia naturally had a gentle, fragile appearance. Now with tears welling in her eyes and a pleading tone, she looked like someone who could melt any heart.
Lemira had been poisoned to death by a two-faced schemer in her past life; this time around, she was immune to their tricks.
She replied directly, "There's no need for you to apologize, Mrs. Amelia. We'll simply let the consequences play out as they should."
Mrs. Amelia's expression froze for a moment. She hadn't expected Lemira to be so disrespectful. What an upstart, daring to oppose the Sinclair family just because she had Orion backing her?
Her eyes red, Mrs. Amelia's voice choked with emotion. "Ms. Langston, as long as you drop this matter, I'll agree to any conditions you propose."
Someone nearby couldn't stand it anymore and chided Lemira, "That's enough out of you, Mrs. Amelia has personally apologized and ever offered you compensation. Don't be so shameless." 
Before Lemira could speak, she saw Orion's expression darken.
The man's features were sharp and defined, and when his face was tense, he exuded an intimidating aura.
Seeing Orion's obvious anger, the middle-aged man who had spoken faltered. "I wasn't wrong..."
"Wrong? You couldn't be more wrong."
Matthew walked over, having had his fill of food, and just in time to overhear the conversation. He didn't hold back. "She came to this party with good intentions, and that vicious Susanna out of sheep jealousy played this pathetic trick to frame her for theft and ruin her reputation. And now you think a half-hearted apology and a 'kids will be kids' excuse will make it all go away? The Sinclair family has no sincerity at all." 
Matthew's defense made Lemira's cheeks flush.
Mrs. Amelia's tone soured. "Young Mr. Everhart, your words are hurtful. Susanna isn there. As her mother it's my duty to apologize and resolve this on her behalf. What's wrong with that?" 
"You should be calling Susanna and telling her to get over here and beg for forgiveness. She's the one who did something wrong, and now she's hiding behind you. How is that right?"
Matthew retorted, leaving the Sinclairs no room to maneuver.
Seeing the situation escalating, Mrs. Waverly tried to intervene. "Young Mr.
Everhart, how can you speak to Mrs. Amelia like that?"
"I'm just a kid. I've always been blunt. As my elders, surely you won't hold it against me, right?"
Matthew shot back, turning their own guilt-tripping tactic against them.
Mrs. Amelia couldn't even force a smile now. Her gaze toward Lemira was cold. "Ms. Langston, are you determined to press charges?"
###Chapter 660
Lemira nodded. "That's right. Matters like this should be decided by a judge."
She remembered that Susanna was still out on bail. If this incident blew up, she would be taken into custody.
Mrs. Amelia's demeanor suddenly changed. "If Ms. Langston insists, then the Sinclair family will see this through to the end. After all, the video only shows that girl planting the item. There's no concrete proof that our Susanna was behind it. Even in court, we have nothing to fear."
Besides, she had already made arrangements for that girl. She wouldn't be talking.
As long as there was no direct evidence linking Susanna to the crime, there was nothing they could do to the Sinclair family.
It would just be a minor inconvenience.
Mrs. Waverly quickly interjected, "My, my, why make such a fuss over a small matter? Ms. Langston, one shouldn't be so petty. You'll have to deal with all of us in the future."
Another middle-aged woman added fuel to the fire, "Just as I thought, from a no- name family. So ungracious. Can't even take a little joke."
Orion's cold gaze swept over to her. "I heard your son was messing around with a woman and ended up killing her."
The woman immediately jumped up. "That's not true! Mr. Everhart, you have quite a sense of humor."
Matthew shot back, "So you can't take a joke either?"
"But how can you joke about something like that?"
"Then how can you joke about her being framed for theft? Lemira was wronged, and you expect her to be gracious? Why should she?"
After Matthew's tirade, the middle-aged woman didn't dare say another word.
Mrs. Amelia saw that Orion had silenced everyone around her. She knew then that he was determined to protect Lemira.
Her pleasant demeanor vanished. "Fine. The Sinclair family will be waiting. We don't start trouble, but we aren't afraid of it either!"
With that, Mrs. Amelia turned and left.
re
Mrs. Waverly glanced back at Lemira and began to lecture her. "Ms. Langston, do you always cause conflict wherever you go? embarrassing Stella. As her friend," do you think that's appropriate?" 
Before Lemira could respond, Orion spoke up. "Mrs. Waverly, I hear you're collaborating with Asher on an Al project and have invested quite a bit of money?"
Mrs. Waverly's expression became a bit unnatural. "It's just an investment. Naturally, one invests in what seems profitable."
"I would still like to remind you, Mrs. Waverly, that he is not a reliable man. As Stella's Edith and guardian, choosing a man of poor character for her might lead people to believe you have an interest in Stella's Inheritance. That would be even more embarrassing." 
Mrs. Waverly's face paled with anger. If anyone else had said that to her, she would have exploded.
But it was Orion, and she couldn't
afford to offend him. She could only say dryly, "I'll keep that in mind. But aren't you worried about upsetting
Ms Langston by speaking so her brother?" 
No matter what, Asher was still Lemira's biological brother.
Lemira met Mrs. Waverly's scrutinizing gaze and replied calmly, "I severed ties with the Langston family a long time ago."
"Ms. Langston, I heard your parents passed away and that your brother supported the family and raised you. After all he's done for you, how can you just cut ties like that?"
Mrs. Waverly pressed, as if she had caught Lemira in a trap.
Lemira's expression grew much colder. "I don't believe I owe you an explanation."
###Chapter 661
Lemira could tell Mrs. Waverly was deliberately making things difficult for her.
After all, she and Stella had just teamed up to sabotage Mrs. Waverly's plans with Asher, humiliating her in the process.
No matter how she explained herself, Mrs. Waverly would find fault and attack.
She had no desire to rehash the grievances of her past just to prove a point; outsiders would only see it as a spectacle, not a reason for sympathy.
Mrs. Waverly hadn't expected Lemira to be so blunt. "Ms. Langston, your directness will offend many people in the future. You'd do well to be more like Ms. Sinclair. Who wouldn't find her agreeable?"
Orion's gaze turned cold as he glanced at Matthew.
Matthew understood immediately and launched into a tirade. "Mrs. Waverly, don't you dare compare Lemira to anyone from the Sinclair family. Asher and Ms. Sinclair have nothing to do with each other. Saying things like that will only make the Sinclair family a laughingstock."
"I only said a few words, and you two brothers are already so protective. I'm just a bit curious, why would Ms. Langston cut ties with her family for no reason?"
Matthew answered, "I heard that even though Lemira was the top scorer on the national exams, her family demanded she attend a second-tier local college. They even initially insisted she retake the year with her adopted sister, who scored a zero on her exams."
Stella, who had just returned from dancing, was stunned when she heard Matthew. "Make the top scorer retake the year? Are the Langstons out of their minds?"
Who in their right mind would do something like that?
Matthew looked over. "I heard the suggestion came from Asher himself. He said it was to stop outsiders from gossiping. After all, with the biological daughter being the top scorer and the adopted one getting a zero for cheating, people might say the Langston family was showing favoritism. To prove they treated both daughters equally, they wanted the top scorer to repeat the year."
Stella's face flushed with anger. "I can't believe Asher is that kind of person."
To sacrifice his own brilliant sister just to appear impartial—it was unbelievable. Stella felt deeply embarrassed.
Mrs. Waverly looked uncomfortable. "Surely it wasn't that exaggerated?"
Just then, Thaddeus spoke up. "It was exactly that exaggerated. Orvin University's admissions office arranged a meeting with Lemira, but Asher turned them away, saying Lemira wouldn't be attending."
Matthew sighed. "We're talking
about Qrvin University. I'm sure it
any of
r children got into fet
Orvin, you be grinning from ear to ear. Wh
o would actually turn that down?" 
The surrounding guests began to murmur among themselves.
Someone said, "That's true. Being
the top scorer and getting an off et
Orvin University... I'd be smiling
in my sleep." 
"Exactly! And they wanted her to repeat a year? What kind of sane person would do that?"
"No wonder Ms. Langston cut ties with them. If anyone tried to block my child's future like that, I'd cut them off too."
Hearing this, Lemira glanced at Orion, a faint smile in her eyes.
She knew Orion and Matthew had come specifically to back her up.
Even when Mrs. Waverly led the charge against her, he had protected her.
Orion turned to her. "Asher's actions were bound to come to light. People aren't fools."
Lemira nodded, then looked at Matthew and Thaddeus. "Thank you for clearing that up for me."
If she had said it herself, it wouldn't have had the same effect.
Matthew rubbed his nose. "Don't worry, Lemira. The Langstons won't be able to bully you anymore."
Thaddeus smiled at them both. "Lemon, don't overthink it. People aren't idiots; they can see the truth for themselves."
Seeing the tide turn, Mrs. Waverly
couldn't say anything more. She was
incredibly frustrated. Was Ashe
really that good to his adopted sister? Something felt off 
Mrs. Waverly was also shocked by how capable Lemira was.
If Lemira and Orion actually got together, wouldn't that make Asher much harder to control in the future?
Stella chimed in, "Orion, you two should go dance. The party is almost over."
###Chapter 662
Lemira looked up as Orion approached her. After a moment's thought, she didn't refuse, and they went to dance.
The steps weren't difficult; she had taken dance lessons before.
Orion looked down at her. "Still feeling wronged?"
"Actually, I don't feel wronged at all. You probably already know that everything that happened at the party was orchestrated by me and Stella. She didn't want to get entangled in an engagement with my brother."
Lemira felt there was no need to hide this from Orion; he would have figured it out anyway.
"I suspected as much. But I didn't expect you to help Stella, especially since she schemed against you once."
"I know. She explained and apologized. She didn't know what the Langston family was really like back then, or what kind of person my brother is. Now that she sees clearly, she wants to cut all ties with him."
She helped Stella partly for her friend, and partly for herself.
After today, Asher would surely despise Evelina, blaming her for ruining the birthday party.
And Lemira was eager to see what Evelina would do next.
Orion glanced at her. "Stella is still a bit too weak to stand up to Mrs. Waverly on her own."
"It'll take time. As long as Stella sees Mrs. Waverly for who she is, she'll find a way to become independent. Look at me I broke away on my own, and I'm doing just fine."
Lemira met his gaze, and for a moment, her mind drifted. Distracted, she accidentally stepped on his foot.
She blushed and apologized, "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Orion smiled faintly. "My apologies. I was late today. If I had arrived earlier, you wouldn't have been targeted by them."
"I can't rely on you forever, can I?"
"Why not?"
Lemira looked down, avoiding his eyes, and quickly changed the subject. "Since you're here, does that mean your grandmother's condition has stabilized?"
"Yes, it's stable for now."
His tone grew somber at the mention of his grandmother.
A silence fell between them, and neither spoke again.
After the dance, the party began to wind down.
Lemira wanted to go home with Stella, worried that Mrs. Waverly would give her a
hard time if she went back to the Waverly estate alone.
Orion glanced at her. "Don't worry. The Langstons' behavior today thoroughly embarrassed Mrs. Waverly, to avoid gossip about mistreating her niece, she won't go
too far with Stella." 
Stella's parents may have been gone, but she still had friends and relatives watching out for her.
Still uneasy, Lemira asked Stella if she wanted to come back to the dorm with her for a few days.
Stella refused. "There's no point in hiding. I didn't do anything wrong, so why should I run?"
Stella's words reassured Lemira.
Stella then looked at Orion. "Orion, could you please see my friend home?"
Orion smiled. "Of course."
Lemira went outside, where guests were already leaving in a steady stream.
Once in the car, she said to Orion, "I'm not going back to school. Take me to the Langston house."
Orion frowned instinctively. "Are you sure?"
"My brother won't give up on his
connection with the Waverlys, son et
he'll want me to smooth things over with Stella. He won't give me any trouble content belongs, FindNovel.net
Asher was the one calling the shots in the Langston family now. Since Evelina had ruined his plans, Lemira was eager to go home and watch the fallout. 
She also wanted to investigate the specifics of the partnership between PZ Group and Asher.
Orion didn't say anything more and drove Lemira back to the Langston villa.
Before she got out, he said, "If you need help with anything, you have to ask."
Lemira didn't answer. She stepped out of the car and looked at him. "Thank you for driving me back."
Orion watched the expression on her face. Her fake smiles used to feel like a knife twisting in his gut.
His gaze lingered on her until she disappeared inside the villa, then he finally looked away.
He clicked his tongue. She wasn't going to be easy to win over.
Meanwhile, Lemira walked into the villa, her mind elsewhere, only to be met with the sound of Evelina's wails-a shrill, tragic cry.
###Chapter 663
Lemira heard the 'two-faced' girl's crying and knew her prediction was right-there was going to be a good show.
In the living room, Evelina was kneeling on the floor, her face a mess of tears. But since her face was already swollen like a pig's head, the pitiful act lost most of its effect, and might have even backfired.
Asher's face was dark with fury. "Evelina, since your adoption has been officially terminated, you are no longer a part of the Langston family."
Evelina had caused a massive scandal today. If people still associated her with the Langstons, it would only bring shame upon the family and hinder his plans!
At his words, Evelina looked at Asher in utter disbelief.
She never imagined he would actually kick her out of the family!
A surge of hatred filled Evelina's heart, but she couldn't stop her panicked sobs. "Asher, I never thought Dorian would force himself on me! He threatened me using the Langston family. I was afraid that making a scene would embarrass all of you, so I had no choice but to give in."
"Evelina, do you really think everyone else is an idiot and you're the only smart one here?"
Asher stared at her coldly. Being kicked out of the Waverly party had destroyed years of his careful planning.
He was so furious he could have killed her.
Evelina turned and grabbed onto Evander's wheelchair. "Evander, I never wanted to betray you! But as an adopted daughter, I've always had to be so careful, terrified of making a mistake and losing your affection..."
Before she could finish, Evander shoved her away.
His eyes were red with anger. "But Dorian clearly said you were his girlfriend!"
Evander wasn't a fool. He felt like Evelina had cheated on him and made a fool out of him.
Shoved to the floor, Evelina
whimpered pitifully, "I've been trying to break up with Dorian for a while but he refused and kept threatening me with the Langston family's reputations That's why Leouldn't be firm with him." 
"Then why didn't you tell me you were being threatened? I could have handled it for you!"
Evander was still seething, especially when he pictured Evelina writhing on top of Dorian. The thought made his chest ache with fury.
Evelina sobbed in response, "But I didn't want to cause trouble for the Langston family. I wanted to resolve it on my own."
As she spoke to Evander, she was inwardly fuming. This useless cripple kept talking about handling things, but in the end, wouldn't he just have to beg Asher for help?
Though she was filled with
contempt her voice remained
choked with tears. Evander I didn't
want you to know about this
because I was afraid you'd look
down on me and leave me."
Hearing this, Evander's expression softened slightly. "Eve, why would you think
that? I would never look down on you."
Now that Evelina was no longer a pure, untouchable princess but a woman who had been with another man, Evander found that he actually felt better. His insecurity about not being good enough for her lessened. 
Seeing his change in demeanor, Evelina quickly grabbed his hand. "Evander, you know how I feel about you."
"I've always known. That's why I arranged everything for when I came back this time. Don't worry, even if you're no longer officially a Langston, I can still take care of you."
Evelina let out a silent sigh of relief. "Evander, I know I made a mistake at the party, but the person who leaked that video is the truly malicious one."
She suspected it was Lemira and wished she could kill that b***.
Evander nodded in agreement. "You're right. Someone deliberately targeted our family to ruin Asher's plans."
Evelina nodded eagerly and looked at Asher. "Asher, the more I think about it, the more I suspect Lemmy. With her incredible hacking skills, she could have done this easily."
###Chapter 664
"Asher, I think so too. Lemira must have done this to get back at the Langston family because you didn't take her to the party. She turned us into a joke and got us thrown out. We can't let her get away with such a humiliating act!"
Evander still remembered how Lemira had mocked him for being cheated on, and he gritted his teeth in hatred.
Did that damn girl really think she was untouchable?
Asher rubbed his temples, exasperated. "What evidence do you have that it was Lemira?"
Although he had his suspicions, Lemira and Stella were on good terms. If Lemira kept running her mouth to Stella, how was he supposed to win her back?
Evelina blurted out, "Asher, you can ask Mrs. Waverly! She must have evidence of who did it. I'm sure she can find out!"
Evander added, "Asher, as soon as we have proof, we can call the police and punish that damn girl, Lemira."
"Well, well, well. If I hadn't come back, I suppose you two would have already convicted and sentenced me?"
Lemira, who had been listening from the doorway, finally stepped inside.
When the Langstons saw her, their faces turned grim.
Evelina's eyes were dark and predatory. "Lemmy, why would you do this? Why ruin things so badly that the Langston family was kicked out of the party, destroying years of Asher's hard work?"
Evander, even more furious, wheeled himself forward to strike Lemira.
But Lemira slapped his hand away first. The force sent a numbing shock up Evander's arm, followed by a sharp, searing pain.
Evander gasped in disbelief. "Lemira, how dare you raise a hand against your own brother?"
"You tried to hit me first."
Evander retorted indignantly, "I'm your older brother! Do I need a reason to discipline you?"
Lemira's eyes glinted with sarcasm. "I've never considered you my brother. Stop flattering yourself. Have some self-respect, will you?"
Evander was livid. "Asher, you see this? Look at her attitude! If she didn't do it, who else could it have been?"
Evelina cried at Lemira, "Lemmy, I know you've never liked me, but you could have targeted me in private. Why did you have to expose this at the party? Asher has never done anything to wrong you!" 
Her only option was to stir up Asher's resentment toward Lemira, shifting the blame
for the disastrous evening onto her.
Lemira scoffed. "Evelina, you were the one caught cheating, you were the one messing around with Dorian in the lounge. What does any of that have to do with me?"
"But—but you were the one who exposed it! Do you have any idea how much this has affected Asher? Did you have to destroy everything he's worked for destroy the entire Langston family 
Every accusation was calculated to press Asher's buttons.
Just as she'd hoped, Asher's expression toward Lemira turned cold. "Lemira, tell me
the truth. Were you behind what happened at the party?"
Lemira looked at him. The once arrogant and overbearing Asher now looked somewhat defeated.
It seemed being thrown out by the Waverlys had hit him hard.
Lemira smiled, her lips curling into a smirk. "Does it matter if I was?"
"So it really was you, Lemira. But
your actions have destroyed my plans for the past several years! I was this close to elevating the Langston family, which would have made investigating the Sinclair family easier. Now, you've ruined everything!" 
Asher's eyes were bloodshot. "In that case, I see no reason to share the leads I've recently uncovered with you."
Lemira's expression faltered. "What else have you found?"
###Chapter 665
This was something Lemira hadn't anticipated.
Even with the help of TG Group's PR team and Orion in the background, she hadn't uncovered much.
Had Asher also discovered that Evelina's father was still alive?
Seeing Lemira's expression change, Asher knew that the car accident that killed their parents was the only thing that could still move his cold-hearted sister.
Lemira couldn't help but press, "What exactly did you find out?"
Asher's lips curled into a cold smirk. "Do you really think I'd tell you now? I thought that with you back in the family, we could be a family. I never expected you to stab me in the back!"
Lemira's hands slowly clenched into fists. Asher was threatening her.
Nearby, Evelina's face paled, but since it was already swollen and bruised, no one noticed the change in color.
But inwardly, she was panicking. Had Asher really found a clue?
Had PZ Group slipped up, or had the Langstons discovered her father's existence?
Evelina was frantic but didn't dare ask.
Evander, however, heard Asher's words and asked in surprise, "Asher, why are you investigating the accident from all those years ago? Is there something I don't know?"
Asher glanced at Evander. "There may be hidden details about the accident that we overlooked. There was someone else in the car that caused the crash, someone whose presence was deliberately concealed from us all this time."
"So what if there was someone else in the car?"
"We suspect that person was the real driver, and the one who went to prison was just a scapegoat."
After Asher finished, Evander's face changed as well. "Asher, we have to find the real killer. We can't let them get away with it."
Asher scoffed. "Just when the investigation was finally making progress, when we were close to finding that person, Lemira had to go and ruin everything."
"We can't let that happen! We have to find the killer!"
Evander became extremely agitated, glaring viciously at Lemira. "Look what you've done! You were the one who got Mom and Dad killed, you nearly bankrupted our family, and because of you, I was targeted by the Langstons' old ene?nes and ended up losing my legs. Do you have any conscience at all?" 
Hearing these accusations, Lemira slowly lifted her gaze. "You don't deserve to talk about my conscience."
Evander exploded, "Lemira, do you have any heart? If Mom and Dad knew..."
Lemira slapped him across the face, sending his head spinning.
She stared at him coldly. "You're a useless waste of space who only knows how to quilt trip others, Take, a good look at yourself. "Whathave you ever accomplished?" 
Of the six Langston brothers, Evander had always been the most mediocre.
After losing his legs, his personality became withdrawn and insecure. He followed Rowan to a research institute and never came back.
Evander roared in fury, "If you hadn't gotten my legs amputated, do you think I would have ended up like this?"
"I had nothing to do with how you ended up."
Lemira stared at Evander. "Didn't Asher admit he pushed all the blame onto me because he didn't want to take responsibility?"
"But if you hadn't gotten Mom and Dad killed, the accident would never have
happened, and I wouldn't have been targeted by our enemies!"
Evander glared at Lemira, but he didn't dare make another move. The hand she had struck earlier was already turning blue.
This damn girl was getting harder and harder to deal with.
Evander continued, "But this time, you ruined Asher's plans and brought the investigation to a halt. Isn't that your fault?"
Evelina quickly moved to Evander's side and looked pointedly at Asher. "So, what clues has Asher found? Maybe if we all work together we can still succeed." fo FindNovel.net
###Chapter 666
Evelina was panicking. She needed to know what Asher had discovered.
He couldn't find out her father was still alive, or she was doomed.
Lemira suddenly glanced at Evelina, a mocking look in her eyes. "Why are you in such a hurry?"
"I... I'm part of the Langston family too. Of course I want to help."
Evelina's gaze was shifty, and she quickly looked down at Evander.
As expected, Evander continued to press Asher. "Asher, what clues have you found? Tell us already."
Asher remained silent.
Evander thought for a moment. "Asher, you don't want Lemira to know, do you? Good. She's a traitor, so we definitely shouldn't tell her. You can just tell me and Eve later."
A calculating glint appeared in Evelina's eyes. As long as she could control Evander, she could find out what Asher knew.
Asher nodded, then looked at Lemira. "Did you hear that? You're the one who ruined my plans. Do you still expect me to share my leads with you?"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "But isn't Evelina the one who caused the scandal? What's the point of threatening me? Since we were kids, hasn't it always been Evelina making a mistake and me taking the blame?"
Asher's expression shifted. He turned to Evelina. "From this day forward, you have no connection to the Langston family. Move out."
He couldn't stand the sight of this foolish girl in his house any longer.
The video of her and Dorian had become the laughingstock of their social circle. He couldn't possibly let her stay.
Evelina panicked. "Asher, I know I deserve this. I failed to handle Dorian properly. If it will make you feel better, I'll leave."
"No, Eve, you can't go! Even though you're no longer officially a Langston, you're still my girlfriend. You can stay here at the villa!"
Asher stared at Evander in disbelief. "Are you insane? She publicly cheated on you, and you still want to be with her? Have you no shame?"
Asher had always been aware of Evelina's little games but had never bothered to expose them.
After all, if Evelina got together with Dorian, it could have benefited the Langston family. Who would have thought she'd just end up getting Fused, gain nothing, and destroy his plans in the process?
Evelina buried her face in Evander's chest and wept without saying a word.
A surge of machismo filled Evander.
He looked at Asher. "Eve was threatened by Dorian. If you were more capable, Asher, if you had made the Draven family fear us, would that kid have dared to do such
a thing?" 
FindNovel.net
"Are you blaming me?"
Asher seriously wanted to crack open his brother's head and see what was inside.
"Who else is there to blame? You took all our assets to start your business, and after all this time, still haven't made a name for yourself in Orvin. Who else is there to blame but you?" 
After his outburst, Evander pulled Evelina closer. "Eve, let's go. From now on, you'll
stay in my room. Let's see how Asher tries to kick you out then!"
A flicker of reluctance crossed Evelina's eyes, but when she saw Asher's icy glare, she knew he was dead set on throwing her out.
She had no choice but to go with Evander.
As they left, Lemira watched the 'two-faced' girl's retreating back. She was very curious to see how she would get out of this mess.
Asher turned his cold gaze on her. "Lemira, if you help me get back together with Stella, I'll tell you what I've found. How about it?"
He was certain she would agree.
###Chapter 667
Hearing his offer, Lemira shot him a cold look. As expected, Asher was still desperate for the Waverlys' support and resources.
She sat down on the sofa. "And how can I trust that what you're saying is true?"
"What do you mean?"
"Exactly what it sounds like. You claim to have found new leads out of the blue, after years of finding nothing. You really think I'll believe that?"
Lemira had calmed down now.
She suspected Asher's claim of having more leads was likely a lie.
It was probably just a tactic to control her.
Asher's eyes narrowed. "If you're determined to be suspicious, there's nothing I can do. I've been investigating for years; it's only natural that I'd be ahead of you."
"But I don't believe you."
Lemira looked at Asher, her expression making it clear she wouldn't be fooled.
Asher considered this, then sighed. "Lemira, I'm your brother. Finding the truth about our parents' death is something we should be doing together. We have no conflicting interests here. You don't need to be so guarded with me."
"Have you forgotten how many times you've used our parents to threaten me?"
Lemira's face was impassive as she reminded her oh-so-calculating brother of his past manipulations.
Asher coughed into his hand. "That was only because you were being disobedient, I had to..."
But seeing Lemira's expression grow colder, he trailed off. There was no point in lecturing her now.
She was completely unyielding, like a stone.
Finally, Asher adjusted his expression. "Lemira, the Langston family is at a critical juncture. The Waverlys are our biggest investors. If Mrs. Waverly pulls her funding, Langston Group won't last. It will go bankrupt."
"What gave you the courage to continue investing in the Al project? You didn't even win the bid."
Lemira's words were a test; she wanted to know why Asher had partnered with PZ Group.
"Lemira, you're just afraid Langston Group will compete with Maple Group in the future, aren't you? Business competition is normal. If its not me, it will be another company. Why can't we, as siblings, share the market?" 
Lemira lowered her gaze. "Of course not. I heard you're also working with a foreign company. Have you done a thorough background check on this PZ Group?"
"PZ Group is famous. Does it need a background check? They've partnered with
many major companies, all of which have made a lot of money."
Asher wasn't a novice in business; he had naturally done his due diligence.
Lemira knew it. Otherwise, how could PZ Group have scammed so many people in her past life? Even the Everhart Group had been fooled.
Lemira looked at Asher. "The first
thing you should do right now is kick
ught
out the person who has brough
nothing do you think the Waverlys are all
but shame to this family.
idiots?" 
With that, Lemira went upstairs.
As she passed Evander's room, she heard Evelina's breathless moans from inside.
"Evander, be gentle, you're hurting me!"
Lemira paused, a wave of nausea washing over her.
That two-faced girl was really going all out. Had she resorted to sleeping with him?
She remembered that in her past
life, Evelina had been engaged toet
Dorian and had maintained a very chaste public image. But in this life, she had fallen this far.
Back in her bedroom, Lemira thought about Evelina sleeping with the butler. If Evander found out, would he dump her immediately?
But if Evelina was kicked out, she wouldn't be able to work on Asher's Al project.
How could Lemira then catch her colluding with PZ Group?
Evelina would definitely embezzle money from the project.
Lemira had been monitoring Evelina's bank accounts. If a large sum of money came in, she would be notified.
Evelina wouldn't keep the money; she would transfer it to her supposedly dead father.
The man who had shown up at the auto repair shop was just Evelina's cousin, and
he hadn't done anything suspicious recently.
Lemira thought for a long time, then let out a slow breath.
###Chapter 668
She didn't know the connection between the Sinclair family and Evelina's father and was worried that investigating them would tip them off. For now, all she could do was keep a close eye on Evelina.
She just had to wait. Evelina was bound to make a move soon.
Now, the 'two-faced' girl was gradually losing everything. After the scandal at the party, her path to marrying into a wealthy family was completely destroyed.
Her only option now was to submit to Evander.
Lemira reflected on her own situation. In contrast, she had gained so much— friendship, love, and a career.
The next day.
Lemira got up and went downstairs, where she heard Evelina and Evander flirting and cooing in the dining room.
When she entered, she saw Evelina sitting on Evander's lap, her face flushed.
She grabbed a sandwich from the table and turned to leave, not wanting her eyes to be polluted by the sight.
"Stop. Did I say you could go?"
Evander held Evelina, feeling quite pleased with himself. "You have no manners. Don't you know how to greet me and your sister-in-law?"
Lemira turned back, a cold smirk on her lips. "I'm not known for my pleasantries."
"Then you should learn to say something nice."
Evelina, with a triumphant smile, quickly intervened. "Evander, let it go. Lemmy has never liked me. I won't hold it against her."
Lemira's gaze fell on Evelina. "Did you take a morning-after pill yesterday?"
Her question made Evelina's face turn bright red with shame. "Evander, look at her! What kind of question is that?"
Evander snapped, "Lemira, watch your mouth! Is that any of your business? Eve and I are getting engaged soon. If there's a baby, we'll have it."
Lemira laughed out loud. "Are you sure the baby would be yours?"
"Lemira, don't talk nonsense! How could I not know if my own child is mine!"
Lemira's smirk widened. "Did you forget that Evelina was with Dorian just last night? Care to guess if they used protection?"
Her words made Evelina's face drain of color. She glared at Lemira, wanting to kill
her. Did this b*** have to ruin everything for her?
But Evander seemed to finally understand. He turned to look at Evelina, his expression darkening.
He hadn't thought of that.
Evelina burst into tears. "Waaaah, Evander, I know Lemmy has always disliked me,
but she can't ask such humiliating questions!"
But Evander shoved Evelina to the
floor and grabbed a fistful of hermet
hair. "Well? Tell me! When
you WO
were together yesterday, did you use
a c*** or not? fo FindNovel.net
He hadn't used any protection with Evelina last night.
Lemira watched Evander's vicious transformation with some surprise. Wasn't he supposed to be Evelina's devoted follower?
It seemed that once Evander knew Evelina was no longer a pure, noble girl, his attitude had changed completely.
Then again, a psychologically disturbed man like Evander was a perfect match for Evelina.
Evelina's scalp screamed in pain. She stared at Evander in disbelief, as if he were a stranger.
Evelina pleaded, "Evander, are you really going to believe Lemira over me?"
Lemira clicked her tongue. "I'm just offering a friendly reminder, so you won't be wondering whose baby it is when you get pregnant. I'm not lying. It wasn't me who made you fool around with Dorian in the lounge. You're the one who lifted your own skirt, right?" 
Evelina shrieked at Lemira, "Shut up, you b***!"
"I'm the b***? Then what does that make the woman who cheats, fools
around with a strange man in
lounge without a c***, and is
rotten to the core?" fo FindNovel.net
Hearing this, Evander raised his hand and slapped Evelina hard across the face.
His eyes were bloodshot. "Eve, you know I've always loved you for being pure and kind. Tell me, did you use protection or not?"
Evelina was stunned by the blow. She couldn't believe this useless simp actually dared to hit her.
###Chapter 669
Lemira was genuinely surprised when Evander hit Evelina.
In her past life, her brothers had treated Evelina so well, doting on her as if she were a fragile doll.
Now, Evander was actually willing to strike her.
It seemed their so-called affection came with conditions.
Lemira saw the dumbfounded look on Evelina's face and said mockingly, "Evander, don't hit her so hard you cause permanent damage. If word gets out, it'll be bad for the Langston family's reputation."
"Hah, Evelina is just our adopted daughter. She eats our food, lives in our house, uses our money. Don't I have the right to discipline her?"
Evander looked down at Evelina. "Isn't that right, Eve?"
Her scalp aching, Evelina didn't dare resist.
Seeing Lemira still watching, Evelina felt a surge of hatred. The last thing she ever wanted was to appear weak in front of Lemira.
It was worse than death.
Evelina could only answer weakly, "Evander, nothing actually happened between me and Dorian in the lounge. The video just makes it look that way. We didn't get the chance."
She had seen the video herself; her skirt had covered everything, making it impossible to tell what had really happened.
Hearing this, Evander's expression improved significantly.
He looked up at Lemira. "You hear that? Eve isn't the kind of person you think she is."
"If you want to believe that, I can't stop you. It's not my reputation on the line, after all."
Evander gritted his teeth in fury. "Lemira, you stop right there! I'm going to kill you!" Lemira heard Evander's enraged shouts behind her but didn't look back. It was clear he was deeply bothered by the thought of Evelina sleeping with someone else and was obsessed with her virginity.
It looked like Evelina's days were not going to be easy.
As soon as Lemira left, Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. "Evander, don't be fooled by Lemira's words. She just wants to drive a wedge between us."
Seeing that Evander's mood was still sour, Evelina felt a flash of irritation. Did this useless man really think he had the right to be angry with her?
Once she got her hands on the investment money from the Al project, she would make every single person in the Langston family pay.
Evander patted Evelina's cheek, his voice eerily calm. "I used to love the pure, clean you. But now that you're no longer clean, what right do you have to be by my side?" .net
After sleeping with her yesterday, Evander felt the novelty had worn off.
Her first time hadn't been with him, anyway.
Evelina felt a wave of panic. "Evander, that's not what you said last night."
What more did this pathetic simp want from her?
"If you want me to forgive you, you'll have to please me. Once I'm happy, I'll forgive you...therwise, you'll be kicked out of the tangston family and you can forget about working on Asher's Al project." 
Hearing his final threat, Evelina said through gritted teeth, "Evander, you know you're the most important person to me. I'll do anything to make you happy."
She lowered her head, her voice choked with fake tears and, but her eyes flashed with disgust.
Evander pushed her down in front of his lap. "You know what to do, don't you?" Evelina's eyes widened in shock. How could he humiliate her like this?
Evander's eyes were bloodshot. "You were supposed to be my princess, the one I cherished. But you were the one who didn't respect yourself."
He was deeply unsettled. The girl he had always adored had been defiled by another man.
The thought alone made him burn with rage.
Lemira left the Langston villa, a scornful look in her eyes as she replayed the scene of Evander hitting Evelina.
She was finally seeing the Langstons for the selfish, hypocritical people they were.
It turned out Evelina's place in their hearts wasn't so important after all. Lemira went straight back to her dorm.
When she walked in, the other two were still in bed. She placed the breakfast she'd bought on the table. "Time to eat."
Oanice yawned and pulled back her curtain. "I was so excited last night I barely slept. I'm just sad I didn't get to see that two-faced girl get beaten up in person." 
"That was for your own safety."
###Chapter 670
Lemira and Stella had planned it beforehand, making sure Oanice left early to avoid any trouble.
Mrs. Waverly wouldn't have been polite to someone with no power or influence.
"You went back to the Langston house last night. Was it a complete disaster for the 'two-faced' girl?"
"Pretty much. My brother Evander even hit her."
Lemira was in a good mood. "I just wonder how Stella is doing. I'm a little worried she's getting the short end of the stick."
"She said in the group chat last night that she's fine. After the massive
embarrassment Mrs. Waverly suffered, she can't afford to be seen mistreating her niece. She'd never be able to show her face again."
Lemira figured that made sense.
That evening, Lemira returned to the Langston house again.
As she entered the hall, Evander glared at her. "You still have the nerve to come back?"
"Mom and Dad bought this house. Why can't I come back?"
"Because you're the one who got them killed."
Lemira's expression was cold. "But haven't we discovered there was something suspicious about the accident?"
"Don't get it twisted. We discovered there was another driver. But if you hadn't insisted on going out to buy a cake that day, the accident never would have happened. It was just a cake. Would you have died without it? You killed Mom and Dad. How have you been able to sleep all these years?"
Evander was in a foul mood and found the sight of Lemira particularly irritating.
His wedding should have been a grand affair, but now it would have to be low-key to avoid ridicule.
Lemira listened, then cracked her knuckles and walked toward him. "When they amputated your legs, did they take your brain too?"
"What-what do you think you're doing?"
Lemira stepped forward and kicked his wheelchair over.
Evander crashed to the floor, then scrambled up on one leg, flailing as he tried to hit her. But Lemira punched him to the ground, and he couldn't get back up.
She planted her foot on the overturned wheelchair and stared down at him. "You certainly know what to say to hurt me. But I also know how to make your life miserable."
"Lemira, you're a monster!"
"Takes one to know one. You'd better be careful from now on. Monsters eat people, you know."
Lemira's eyes were icy.
Just then, Asher came home and saw Evander on the floor. It was obvious the siblings had been fighting.
Asher felt a wave of exhaustion. "Can't you two just get along? Let's eat!"
He went to help Evander up. After a long, draining day, he came home to his younger siblings brawling.
Lemira went to the dining room and suddenly asked, "Where's Evelina?"
Just that morning, she and Evander had been all over each other, practically inseparable.
At that moment, Evelina appeared with a dish, wearing a maid's uniform.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "Are we role-playing now?"
Asher immediately snapped, "Go change. Evelina, if people see you dressed like that, how can the Langston family maintain any dignity?"
"Evander likes it when I dress like this."
Evelina looked up, revealing fresh bruises on her face. She had clearly been hit again.
Lemira covered her mouth in mock surprise. "Evander, you really don't hold back, do you? Anyone who knows you might think you're ust madly in love, but anyone who doesn't might think you have some... special interests." 
Evander scoffed. "She slept with another man. Does she really expect me to put her on a pedestal like a princess? If it weren't for my kindness in marrying her, shed be out on the street right now." 
Lemira was stunned. His attitude had changed so quickly.
She looked at Asher. "I thought you said blood is thicker than water, that
you're all family. Just because Evelina ruined your plans, you're going to abandon her? If word gets out, what will happen to your reputation?" 
Asher was so choked up he could barely eat. "Evelina brought this on herself."
"That's not what you used to say. You're all family. How can you be so petty?"
Asher gritted his teeth. "This is all because of you."
Lemira replied innocently, "Aren't we family? For you to hold such a grudge against
me... you're the one being petty, aren't you?"
Asher was so angry he slammed his bowl down on the table.
###Chapter 671
Seeing Asher's face turn as black as thunder, Lemira felt so pleased she helped herself to a few extra bites of dinner.
Asher glared at her. "Lemira, are you ever going to stop?"
"Oh, is that all it takes to make you angry? You're being awfully petty. As the head of the family, you should be a bit more magnanimous, not so quick to hold a grudge. We're all family here. It's good for the soul to lose a little!"
With that one-two punch of insults, Asher stormed away from the table in a rage.
Lemira laughed out loud. It was Asher's own fault for being so fond of spouting that kind of nonsense himself.
"Lemira, what right do you have to keep saying we're 'family'? Look at all the things you've done. Does any of it seem like something a family member would do?"
Lemira shot Evander a cold look. "I was just saying it. Did you actually take it seriously? Being family with you is the worst kind of cosmic bad luck!"
She quickly finished her meal and left the table.
Evander, having been insulted, wasn't about to let it go. "Lemira, you stop right there! Eve made this dinner for me. What right do you have to eat it?"
Hearing this, Lemira turned back around.
A smug look crossed Evander's face. "If you're going to eat someone else's cooking, you should at least be polite!"
Lemira promptly flipped all the plates on the table onto the floor. If she couldn't eat, then no one could.
She dusted off her hands. "I think this is much more polite."
An upside-down plate had landed on Evander's lap, and his face twisted with rage. "Lemira, I'm going to kill you!"
Lemira didn't even look back, but she felt a surge of satisfaction.
She was discovering that words were useless against the Langstons; direct action was much more effective.
Evander was too angry to eat. He glared at Evelina. "Aren't you going to help me back to my room for a bath?"
Evelina forced a smile that was uglier than a grimace and pushed Evander upstairs.
Back in her room, Lemira lay down for a bit, but her stomach still felt empty, so she decided to go downstairs for some fruit.
As she passed Evander's room, however, she heard Evelina's voice from inside.
This time, it sounded like she was crying.
Evander's voice was vicious. "Eve, look how good I am to you. Asher was ready to kick you out, but I'm the one who let you stay and continue living this wealthy lifestyle."
"Don't you forget, Eve, you're just a chauffeur's daughter. You were so poor as a child you didn't even have clean clothes. It's only because of the Langston family that you've had a good life. When you marry me you'll serve me well and have many children." 
"From now on, I'll keep your phone. If I find out you've been contacting other men, I'll break your legs."
Evander's cruel words were chilling, and Evelina's reply was choked with sobs.
After hearing this, Lemira returned to
her room and called the TG Group's
PR Team. "Keep an eye on Evelina and that auto dealership She's definitely going to make a move soon." 
She had thought it might take some time, but it seemed Evander, who usually fawned over Evelina, had switched to abusing her.
Now that Evelina had lost Asher's support and was being mistreated by Evander,
she was completely isolated in the Langston family.
She would definitely seek out her father, who was still out there somewhere.
In the middle of the night.
Evelina quietly left the Langston family villa, her face bruised. She glanced back at the mansion with a look of pure hatred.
One day, she would make sure the Langston family went bankrupt. She would make every last one of them regret siding with Lemira and abandoning her!
Evelina hailed a cab and went straight to the dealership. She just couldn't take it anymore.
If she stayed in the Langston household any longer, she was sure she would die.
As soon as Evelina left, Lemira followed. She had guessed that Evelina would make a move tonight, but she hadn't expected the "two-faced" girl to go directly to the dealership. It seemed she was truly
done putting up with it.
Lemira met up with Debby, and together they watched Evelina get out of the cab in front of the dealership.
Before long, a middle-aged man appeared, cautiously looking around.
He looked at Evelina and said, "Why did you suddenly show up? Didn't I tell you to call if anything was wrong?"
"I can't stand it anymore. Look at what they've done to my face! I'm treated like a servant in that house."
###Chapter 672
Evelina couldn't live like this anymore.
"Didn't I tell you to just endure it a little longer?"
Evelina was on the verge of a breakdown. "But if I endure it any longer, I'm going to die."
"You should go. I'll figure out a way to make the Langstons stop treating you like this."
But Evelina refused to leave, and eventually followed the middle-aged man into the dealership.
Lemira watched them go and whispered, "Where do you think they're headed?"
"We have someone who got a job at the dealership and lives in the employee dorms. We'll have to wait for news from the outside, or we risk tipping them off." Debby looked at their driver. "Could you make out what they were saying?"
"Evelina said she couldn't stand being treated like a servant at the Langstons'. The man said he had a way to make them treat her better."
Lemira glanced at the driver in surprise, not realizing he could read lips.
Lemira thought for a moment. "He's probably going to target the Al project. The only way Evelina can survive in the Langston family is if Asher's attitude toward her changes."
As for that loser Evander, no one likely paid him any mind.
Debby nodded. "Then we'll keep an eye on PZ Group and find out why they're collaborating with the Langstons. We should have news soon."
"You've planted an informant in PZ Group as well?"
In response to Lemira's question, Debby nodded. "Yes. Mr. Everhart is also suspicious of PZ Group, so he has people looking into the company's background."
Good.
Lemira hoped that if Orion was already suspicious of PZ Group, he wouldn't be deceived by them like he was in her past life.
Lemira waited outside for a while longer. Eventually, Evelina took a cab from another direction and returned to the Langston villa.
But Lemira had no idea what she and her father's cousin had discussed.
What was strange was that Evelina never seemed to contact her own father. It wasn't as if a living person could just vanish into thin air.
But when it came time to split the profits, surely her father would have to show up? The next morning.
Lemira saw Evelina, once again in her maid's uniform, enthusiastically serving breakfast Asher Evander made a special breakfast this morning, just the way you like it." 
Asher glanced at the food. It seemed a little hardship had finally taught Evelina to behave.
He finally spoke. "Since you've recovered, you can go back to work at the company. You've always been the one to handle PZ Group."
Evelina's face lit up with a smile. "Asher, I'll work hard. I definitely won't disappoint you this time."
Because this time, she was going to bankrupt him!
And when that happened, she would never have to bow to the Langstons again.
Lemira, who had overheard this from the side, let out a scornful laugh, her eyes filled with mockery.
Evelina bit her lip and looked at Lemira. "Is the fact that I'm helping Asher with his work so amusing to you?"
Lemira looked up, her gaze shifting directly to Evander. "I heard Evelina is quite popular at Langston Group especially with the male employees. After all, even the male manager from PZ Group prefers to handle handovers with her." 
The moment Lemira finished speaking, Evander's face darkened.
He glared at Evelina. "You are not allowed to go to the company."
Evelina panicked and glanced at Asher. "Asher, it's just for work. It's not at all like what Lemmy is saying."
Asher finally turned to Evander.
"Don't be ridiculous. If no one works
hard, do you think you always have money to spend whenever you want?" 
Evander reluctantly fell silent.
Lemira smiled. "Why not have Evander go to the company too? He could help out."
Evander quickly nodded. "You have a point. I'll go to the company with Eve."
But Evelina's expression soured.
With Evander tagging along, how was she supposed to pull any tricks?
The Langston Group was scheduled to make the payment next week. There could
be no mistakes at such a critical moment!
What was she going to do?
###Chapter 673
Lemira noticed the troubled look on Evelina's face and a thoughtful glint appeared in
her eyes.
She had just made things a little more difficult for the "two-faced" girl.
Now, embezzling the company funds wouldn't be so easy. Evelina would have to find another way.
That meant she would have to involve more people to help her.
And that would make it easier for Lemira to investigate.
Lemira stood up and left without eating. The thought of breakfast made by that girl was enough to kill her appetite.
After Lemira left, Evelina glanced regretfully at the bowl of porridge next to Lemira's empty seat. She had spat in it several times.
And that b*** Lemira hadn't even taken a single bite!
Just one more week, and she wouldn't have to endure the Langstons' condescension any longer.
Lemira returned to the university, where Stella was also back in their dorm room. Lemira noticed Stella seemed down. "What's wrong?"
"It's nothing. I'm just realizing that all the supposed kindness my relatives showed me in the past came with strings attached."
A trace of sadness filled Stella's eyes.
She had thought that after she had embarrassed Edith, her other relatives and friends would take her side. But all they wanted to do was introduce her to other
men.
It was as if her not getting married was a cardinal sin.
Stella knew they were after the shares and assets in her name.
They pushed her to go on dates and to invest in businesses they recommended.
Stella wasn't naive; she knew what their motives were. But seeing it all so clearly now left her feeling cold.
After listening, Lemira was silent for a moment. "I heard you have a stepmother and a half-brother living abroad?"
"Yes. My brother isn't well. Edith
forced them to leave, claiming they couldn't usurp my status. Now understand. Edith wanted everything I was set to inherit. By driving away my stepmother and little brother, she could control me." 
Stella's mood was low.
Oanice, hearing the story, was furious. "How can people like that exist? From now on, you have to be strong and independent. Don't let them take advantage of you ever again."
Stella nodded. "That's what I was thinking."
Lemira offered a small smile. "When you become strong enough that they don't dare to look down on you, none of this will be a problem anymore."
Stella quickly composed herself and looked at Lemira. "What about you? Edith must have told Asher that we conspired together. Has he given you any trouble?"
"He has, but he still wants me to help you two get back together, so he doesn't dare do too much to me."
Oanice snorted. "Your Asher sure has some nerve. Shameless."
Stella looked at Lemira seriously. "If he uses this to threaten you, I can..."
"Don't. You don't have to sacrifice yourself."
Lemira cut Stella off before she could finish. She understood Stella's situation, but she didn't want Stella, who had just managed to break free from Asher at the banquet, to get entangled with the Langstons again because of her. 
Stella's eyes reddened. "If you ever need my help with anything, just tell me."
"Actually, there is something you could help me with. I want to look into the Sinclair family."
Lemira recounted the story of her father's car accident. Since Stella grew up in that circle, she might know something.
Stella nodded after hearing the story. "Alright, I'll help you see if anyone from the Sinclair family was in a car accident in Lyria back then."
"Thank you so much."
"You're welcome. By the way, that auto dealership you mentioned, think I've heard the name before. Their mam clients are wealthy. wealthy people, and they even offer house calls for vehicle maintenance." 
Lemira was surprised. She pulled out two photographs. "Do you recognize either of them?"
One photo was of Evelina's father, and the other was of Evelina's father's cousin, who worked at the dealership.
###Chapter 674
Stella looked at the photos and pointed to the one of the cousin. "This man used to be the Sinclair family's exclusive vehicle mechanic. He was on pretty good terms with Mrs. Amelia. Not long after, he opened his own dealership. There's no way he could've had that much money, so it must have been connected to the Sinclairs." "You're saying this man might be the owner? That's impossible. My sources say the owner is someone else. He's just a senior mechanic at the shop now."
Stella considered this. "He might have gambled it all away. Back then, I suspected he and Mrs. Amelia were having an affair, which is why I did a little digging. I didn't pay much attention to it after that. It's been so many years, after all."
If Lemira hadn't shown her the photo, Stella would have never remembered.
Lemira's voice was tinged with excitement. "Stella, are you saying this man likes to gamble?"
According to her investigation, Evelina's father also had a gambling problem. It was likely that both cousins were gamblers, and when they lost money, they'd take desperate measures!
"Yes. I was quite young at the time, and because of my leg, I always tried to find a quiet corner at banquets. At the Sinclair estate, I saw Mrs. Amelia talking to this mechanic several times. He even dared to put his hand on her waist."
Stella shared the juicy high-society gossip. "I was bored back then, and since the Waverlies come from a journalism background, I just investigated out of habit. That's all I know."
She never thought that this bit of snooping would end up helping Lemira.
Lemira grabbed Stella's hand, her voice filled with excitement. "Thank you, this is incredibly important to me."
It was probably because so much time had passed that the TG Group's PR Team hadn't discovered that the dealership's original owner was Evelina's father's cousin.
Regulations were laxer back then, and there were plenty of shady dealings, making it hard to find anything now.
Stella felt a little embarrassed. "I'm just glad I could help. For now, let me handle the inquiries about the Sinclair family. I still know some people who used to work for them. Even though they're not there anymore, they should remember what happened back then."
"Thank you so much."
Lemira felt like she had found an unexpected breakthrough.
"You've helped me so much, so of course I'm going to help you. There's no need for such formalities between friends."
Stella felt indebted to Lemira and wanted to help her uncover the truth about her parents' deaths.
Lemira immediately relayed the
e2
information she got from Stella to Debby at the TG Group's PR Team. With this lead they were one step closer to the truth 
She felt a surge of happiness.
In the afternoon, Lemira went straight to Maple Group. The first prototype of the Al prosthetic limb was ready, and she needed to be
there for testing. 
Lemira saw a message from Orion in the main group chat about a meeting for the
test, and she paused.
Orion was here today?
Lemira pressed her lips together. They hadn't spoken since the banquet.
She rolled down the car window, feeling a wave of unease.
When she arrived at Maple Group, she tout of the car and was about
to head inside when someone called her name. Lemir?." 
Lemira recognized Mrs. Amanda's voice. She turned and saw Mrs. Amanda sitting in a luxury car.
But Mrs. Amanda wasn't alone; Mrs. Amelia was with her.
Mrs. Amanda's tone was friendly. "Could we trouble you for a few minutes of your time?"
Out of respect for Mrs. Amanda, Lemira walked over. "What would you like to talk about?"
"It's about that incident with Susanna. I was hoping to act as a mediator and have you two talk things out."
Lemira glanced at Mrs. Amelia, who sat there with a stiff posture. So, they were here to negotiate a settlement now?
###Chapter 675
When Lemira looked at Mrs. Amelia, the woman's expression was still laced with displeasure.
Mrs. Amanda nudged Mrs. Amelia's arm and whispered, "Come on, I've set up the meeting. Talk to her properly and apologize."
Mrs. Amelia maintained her stern face. "I already apologized at the banquet. Ask her what her conditions are to withdraw the complaint with the police and settle this."
Mrs. Amelia truly hadn't expected Lemira to file a police report. Susanna was already out on bail, and getting into more trouble would be a huge problem.
Mrs. Amanda sighed, got out of the car, and pulled Lemira aside.
She spoke in a low voice, "Lemira, I heard about what happened at the banquet. It was indeed Susanna's fault. That girl has been spoiled by her family and has caused a lot of trouble over the years."
Lemira listened to Mrs. Amanda's gentle words. "Are you also asking me not to press charges?"
"If possible, I would certainly hope for a peaceful resolution. I've watched Susanna grow up, and I can't just stand by and see her get into more trouble."
Mrs. Amanda had swallowed her pride to come to Lemira. "Of course, if you're not willing, you can also state your conditions."
"Mrs. Amanda, I don't have any conditions. Let's leave this matter to the police. Besides, you saw the Sinclair family's attitude. That wasn't an apology; it was charity, and I have no need for it."
Lemira turned and walked into the Maple Group building.
Mrs. Amanda sighed and returned to the car door, looking at her best friend, Mrs. Amelia. "You see? I brought you all the way here. Why couldn't you just talk to her properly?"
"Did you see that girl's attitude? You personally asked her to settle with me, but she wouldn't even give you face. Why would she give me any?"
Mrs. Amelia's eyes suddenly reddened. She grabbed Mrs. Amanda's arm and started to cry. "You're my best friend. You watched Susanna grow up. You used to say you treated her like your own daughter since you never had one. Can you really bear to see her go to jail?"
Mrs. Amelia just couldn't swallow her pride, which was why she had asked Mrs. Amanda to come along.
She had figured that if Lemira wanted to be with Orion, she would surely do Mrs. Amanda a favor to curry favor with the Everhart family.
But she never expected that little b*** Lemira to show no respect at all.
Mrs. Amanda was in a difficult
position. I do see Susanna as my own daughter but you've spotted her so much over the years that she's become arrogant and reckless." 
Mrs. Amelia gritted her teeth. "She's still young, she'll understand when she's older. But we can't just watch
her go
to jail now. She won't event. show you respect, and she so poorly raised. How could she possibly be a good match for your son?" 
"Let's not mix issues. That child, Lemira, had a difficult childhood and has been falsely accused like this before it's understandable that she's unwilling to settle. "
Mrs. Amanda actually felt a bit of sympathy for Lemira.
Hearing this, Mrs. Amelia's expression soured.
Her tone was laced with jealousy. "I've been meaning to ask you, why are you so good to that Lemira girl? Do you really want her as your daughter-in-law?"
Didn't they agree long ago that her daughter, Sophia, would marry Orion, uniting their families even closer?
Mrs. Amanda's expression grew somber. "I have my reasons for being good to Lemira. Haven't you realized who she is?"
"She's just some little slip of a girl. I have no impression of her at all."
Mrs. Amelia was confused. All she knew was that Lemira came from a minor family and was trying to social climb.
Mrs. Amanda lowered her voice. "Have you forgotten about Orion's car accident all those years ago?"
"How could I forget? Are you saying Lemira is the little girl who survived that crash?" Mrs. Amelia gasped. She had been careless.
Lemira was from Lyria. She should have realized it sooner, but so many years had passed that she had completely forgotten about it.
###Chapter 676
Mrs. Amanda nodded. "I only recently found out myself. I thought you knew."
"My memory hasn't been great lately. Besides, I've never been to Lyria, so I don't know that family at all. I only knew their surname was Langston, but there are so many people with that name. Who would've thought it'd be such a coincidence!"
Mrs. Amelia's eyes flickered with guilt as she looked at Mrs. Amanda. "Does she know Orion was also in the car that day?"
"Not yet."
Mrs. Amanda frowned. "That's the most difficult part. It's why I've said from the beginning that the two of them can't be together."
It was all just her son's wishful thinking.
Mrs. Amelia felt a flicker of joy. If that was the case, then her daughter still had a chance.
She thought for a moment and said, "But you shouldn't feel too guilty. After the Langstons' parents died and their company nearly went bankrupt, wasn't it you who secretly helped them get back on their feet? They even ended up marrying into the Waverly family. They're not as weak as you think."
Mrs. Amanda replied, "That may be true, but ultimately, it was our responsibility."
In her heart, however, Mrs. Amelia didn't see it that way. It was just that family's bad luck for being out on the road so late at night.
Mrs. Amelia was frustrated. "So you're taking that girl Lemira's side and won't help Susanna? We've been best friends for so many years. When your husband was cheating on you and almost divorced you, I was the one who helped you save your marriage. You can't just abandon me now."
"How do you want me to help you?"
"Doesn't Lemira want to be with Orion? Have Orion go and persuade her."
Mrs. Amelia had a clever plan. This would cause a rift between Lemira and Orion. Then, once Lemira found out Orion was in the car, she would never get together with him.
It was a godsend.
Mrs. Amanda hesitated. She didn't think it would work and felt it was better not to say anything.
But her best friend was crying and begging for her help, putting her in a terrible bind. Meanwhile, after entering her office, Lemira sneezed.
She thought about what Mrs. Amanda had said and sighed. Although Mrs. Amanda was nice to her, it all came with conditions.
But she would not drop the charges against Susanna.
Lemira joined her colleagues in the testing lab, running data and analyzing potential issues.
She looked at the Al prosthetic limb before her, which she had
specifically designed to fit Evand measurements. 
She knew Asher's team would likely be doing the same thing.
Sometimes, you only appreciate quality when you have something to compare it to.
In her past life, she had

painstakingly designed an Al prosthetic for Evander When he could finally walk again, you could barely tell he had a prosthetic unless he tried to run. 
But in the end, when Evelina framed her, Evander had used that same prosthetic leg to kick her.
Lemira touched her stomach, the memory of the pain still vivid.
This time, however, she was curious to see what kind of prosthetic Evelina's team could come up with for Evander.
As Lemira stood lost in thought before the machine, a piercing alarm suddenly blared.
She saw the instrument panel flash red as black smoke began to pour out.
Lemira rushed forward, determined to save the newly made prototype. It couldn't be destroyed. Otherwise, they would have nothing to present
aproduct symposium next
week, which would be a catastrophic failure for Maple Group. 
She had to save the prototype, even if it cost her everything.
The company staff descended into chaos.
Orion had just received the news and was the first to rush to the lab, his expression
tense. "Where's Lemira?"
"I don't think Lemira has come out yet!"
"I saw her run in to grab the prototype!"
Orion's face darkened, and his heart leaped into his throat.
She couldn't be hurt.
She absolutely couldn't be!
The man took off his jacket, held it over his nose and mouth, and plunged into the smoke-filled testing lab.
###Chapter 677
Orion could barely see a thing; visibility was extremely low.
He shouted, "Lemira, where are you?"
He searched frantically, never before had time felt so agonizingly slow.
Lemira, where are you?
"I'm here."
A faint voice reached him. Orion followed the sound and found Lemira huddled behind a large vase in a corner, near a window.
Seeing her curled into a ball, clutching the prototype, he rushed over and wrapped his jacket around her. "Are you trying to get yourself killed for a prototype?"
His voice was sharp with anger.
Lemira was about to speak but broke into a violent coughing fit.
The smoke in the room was thick and acrid.
"Don't talk. I'm getting you out of here."
Orion shielded Lemira in his arms and tried to make a break for the exit, but the fire
had grown, blocking their path.
Lemira saw the flames and her own heart pounded with fear.
Was Orion insane? Rushing in here alone to save her!
Just then, firefighters burst in and quickly brought the blaze under control.
Only then did Orion lead Lemira outside. He anxiously checked her for injuries.
But Lemira's only concern was the prototype in her arms, checking to see if it was damaged.
When she saw that it was perfectly intact, she finally let out a sigh of relief.
She looked up at Orion, her face beaming with excitement. "Look, the prototype is fine. I protected it."
Seeing the joy in her eyes, the anger that had been simmering in Orion's chest began to dissipate.
What a fool.
Was a prototype more important than her life?
Orion's face was stern. "You're still worried about that at a time like this? Do you have a death wish?"
Being yelled at, Lemira finally came to her senses. "I didn't think the fire would get so big. I was just thinking that the prototype is due next week. If we can't present it at the symposium, what would happen to the company?" 
She had worked so hard to develop this in her new life; she couldn't let it all be for nothing.
Orion couldn't help but flick her on the forehead. "Is the company more important than your life?"
"This is the prototype we all worked on together. I couldn't let it be destroyed."
After she spoke, she noticed the hint of a smile in the man's eyes and quicklydooked away. "I-I mean, we've invested so much money and effort into. We can't afford any mistakes 
Orion hadn't realized how dedicated she was to her work.
He had nearly had a heart attack from fear just moments ago.
Seeing that Lemira was truly unharmed, he finally relaxed. "Speaking of which, how
did the testing lab catch fire so suddenly?"
There was nothing flammable in that room.
Lemira frowned. "The machine was tampered with. It short-circuited and caught fire."
She had been standing right in front of it and saw it clearly.
But now that the machine was destroyed, she wasn't sure if they could find the cause of the fire.
Just then, Thaddeus hurried over. "I'll handle things here at the company. Lemon, you need to go to the hospital for a check-up. You've inhaled harmful smoke and need treatment."
Lemira handed the prototype to Thaddeus. "Take good care of it this time."
She had a feeling this fire was no simple accident.
Now that she had calmed down,
Lemira realized her throat and nose
were bothering her. Even though she had covered her mouth and nose,
She had still
Some of the
toxic fumes. 
Seeing her discomfort, Orion grabbed her hand. "Let's go. To the hospital."
Lemira had only taken a few steps when a team leader cried out, "Lemira, your leg is bleeding!"
She looked down and saw that her calf had been burned and was bleeding at some point, something she hadn't even noticed.
But now, it was starting to hurt.
Seeing the blood on Lemira's calf, Orion swept her up into his arms and strode toward the elevator.
Lemira felt the eyes of her colleagues on them and whispered to Orion, "You can put me down. I can walk on my own."
"It's just a superficial wound, not a broken leg."
###Chapter 678
"Until you're at the hospital, you'd best keep your mouth shut."
Orion's tone was sharp, a mixture of worry and anger.
Nestled in his arms, Lemira could see the strong, defined line of his jaw. Her own heart began to race.
She lowered her gaze and leaned quietly against his chest.
When she had been trapped in that corner alone, she'd be lying if she said she wasn't scared.
She had been given a second chance at life; she certainly didn't want to die like that.
But then this man had braved the danger to find her, shattering the walls she had so carefully built around her heart.
Orion took Lemira directly to the Everhart family's private hospital.
Once again, the man wore a grim expression, as if it were a matter of life and death, and had the hospital director summoned immediately.
The director was the same old doctor from before. He saw Lemira, covered in soot and grime, and concluded it couldn't be anything serious.
The director said calmly, "So, what minor injury do we have this time that would heal on its own in an hour?"
Hearing this, Lemira lowered her head in embarrassment.
Orion, however, remained stone-faced. "She was trapped in a fire. I need you to check her lungs and throat."
"That does need to be checked immediately. Go with the nurse for some tests."
Upon hearing the word "fire," the director's demeanor changed. He quickly wrote up the orders and had a nurse take Lemira for an examination.
Lemira was wheeled away in a wheelchair, making it look as though she had a serious leg injury.
Orion looked at the director sternly. "The burn on her leg, will it heal completely?"
"From what I can see, it's not severe. There shouldn't be major issues long-term, but it will take time."
Orion's face remained grim as he said nothing.
The director looked up. "How did you get caught in a fire?"
"There was a fire at the company. She ran in to save a prototype and got hurt. I
don't even know what to say to her."
Orion sounded exasperated. Maple Group only existed because of her.
She was far more important than the company.
"Isn't that just like you? I remember
when you first started at Everhart Group, running that branch
company. Weren't you just as
reckless? you almost died, have you
forgotten?" 
FindNovel.net
Orion recalled the past with a sigh. "That was me. This is her. I don't want her to suffer like I did."
"But it seems the young lady doesn't appreciate what you're offering. Tsk, tsk, look at you now."
The director saw the situation clearly.
Orion looked helpless; the director had hit the nail on the head.
Soon, Lemira's test results came back. Nothing serious, but she needed to be admitted for treatment to clear her lungs.
Lemira knew this was the Everhart family's private hospital.
She looked around the luxurious private room and sighed. "I should have realized you were different long ago."
At the mention of this, Orion glanced at Lemira cautiously and changed the subject. "Are you still feeling unwell?"
"Much better."
But when she breathed, she could still feel something in her throat, and the saliva she coughed up was still black with soot.
Orion handed her a glass of lemon water. "Don't be so reckless in the future. Nothing is more important than your life, understand?"
Lemira looked at the glass he offered, at his long, elegant fingers.
She pressed her lips together. "I know."
Orion finally couldn't hold it back any longer. "I can give you anything you want. If you want the Langston family to pay, I can make them disappear from Orvin by tomorrow!" 
He knew what mattered to her.
Lemira's mind was in a whirl. She had never imagined that in her new life, she would meet the most powerful man in Orvin.
And that he would be so good to her.
Especially after he had just rushed into a fire to save her. How could she not feel something?
She took a sip of water and said in a low voice, "I need to think about it."
A flash of pure joy crossed Orion's face. He was about to step forward when there
was a knock on the door.
figure stood at the
bet
A butler and said respectfully, "Mr.
entrance
Langston, the matriarch is awake
She would like to see Ms. Langston 
Lemira was surprised. Mrs. Eileen wanted to see her?
###Chapter 679
Lemira's mind began to race, trying to guess why the old matriarch wanted to see her, though she knew it could only be about one thing.
Either she approved, or she didn't.
And she suspected the latter was far more likely.
Orion frowned immediately. "She's just been injured and needs to rest. I'll go talk to my grandmother."
Lemira looked at him. "Wouldn't that be a bad idea?"
She had heard the old woman's health wasn't good. What if she upset her?
Orion gave her a deep look. "Go tomorrow. I'll go see my grandmother first." "Okay, fine."
Lemira watched Orion leave the room and rubbed her temples. The affairs of powerful, wealthy families were always complicated.
What did Mrs. Eileen want to say to her?
After thinking it over, she sent a message to her dorm's group chat: "I'm in the hospital. Can you let the school know for me?"
When Stella and Oanice saw the message, they rushed to the hospital.
Lemira was surprised. "What are you two doing here?"
"You said you were injured and in the hospital. How could we not come see you?"
Oanice had even brought a takeout container from the cafeteria with Lemira's favorite food. "I was worried you'd be alone in the hospital with no one to take care of you, so I brought you dinner."
"Thank you, but I don't really have an appetite right now."
Lemira's throat was still bothering her.
Stella was stunned. "How did a fire start so suddenly?"
"I think someone tampered with the equipment, but I'm not sure yet. It's still under investigation."
Lemira looked at Stella and lowered her voice. "There's something I wanted to ask you."
"What is it?"
"Did you know that Mrs. Eileen is also in this hospital? She wants to see me."
Lemira looked at Stella expectantly. She didn't know much about these powerful families, but Stella did.
Stella thought for a moment before replying, consider you a friend, so I'll be honest with you. The Everhart family has very high hopes for orion, so naturally, they want him to marry someone of equal social standing." 
"I figured as much."
"But Grandma Eileen is a nice person. She's not like that. I'll go visit her in a bit and try to gauge her opinion."
Lemira gave a wry smile. No matter how nice she was, the Langston family's status was far too low.
Oanice and Stella stayed for a while longer before heading back to the university.
Not long after they left, Mrs. Amanda arrived.
"Lemira, I heard you were injured!"
Mrs. Amanda rushed into the room and
Lemidiately saw the burn
s leg. She frowned. "Honet
you get t
hurt so badly?" 
Lemira smiled faintly. "It's not that bad. Nothing serious."
"But a scar would be terrible for a young woman."
did
Mrs. Amanda looked at the injury on Lemira's calf with concern.
Just then, Mrs. Amelia walked in reluctantly. "I thought something had happened to Orion too. Thank goodness he's alright. A fire auto place to be rushing into. What if something had happened to him?" 
Mrs. Amelia's words were a veiled accusation, implying Lemira shouldn't have let Orion save her.
Lemira heard Mrs. Amelia's comment and sneered inwardly. You can't beat experience, indeed.
Mrs. Amelia's words were meant for Mrs. Amanda.
No mother would want her son risking his life to play hero for a damsel in distress.
Mrs. Amelia was trying to turn Mrs. Amanda against her.
But Mrs. Amanda seemed unfazed. "Orion is a grown man, and he's quite capable. It's fine for him to help someone."
Especially since the person he saved was Lemira.
Lemira's eyes widened in surprise. Did Mrs. Amanda really not care? Or was she just putting on an act?
###Chapter 680
But when Lemira looked at Mrs. Amanda's expression, it didn't seem like an act.
Mrs. Amelia, on the other hand, was clearly displeased. She looked at Mrs. Amanda and said, "If something had happened to Orion, I don't know where you'd find a shoulder to cry on. Weren't you the one who came running over in a panic when you heard the news? And you say you're not worried about your son?"
"Oh, please. My son knows what he's doing."
Although Mrs. Amanda had been worried about Orion, he was fine now. The injured one was Lemira.
Mrs. Amelia's mood soured. "I heard the matriarch is awake. Ms. Langston, why don't you come with us to see her?"
Mrs. Eileen would surely not approve of Lemira.
Mrs. Amanda stood up. "Lemira, you're injured. You should get some rest. We won't disturb you."
Lemira could only nod in agreement.
Mrs. Amelia shot a meaningful glance back at Lemira. "Since you're here and you know Mrs. Eileen is in the hospital, it's only proper for you, as a junior, to pay her a visit."
A cold glint flashed in Lemira's eyes, but she said nothing.
Mrs. Amelia huffed and turned away. She had to find a way to stop Orion and Lemira from being together.
Because of that car accident, there was no future for them.
Mrs. Eileen would never approve.
Lemira had better know her place and leave Orion on her own, before she was forced to take action.
After the two women left, Lemira lay in bed, lost in thought.
The thought of Mrs. Eileen being in the same hospital made her inexplicably anxious.
She closed her eyes and saw the man rushing through the smoke, his voice desperate and worried as he called her name over and over.
Lemira clutched her chest, feeling her heart pound so hard it felt like it would burst. "Are you feeling unwell?"
A deep, pleasant voice sounded beside her.
Lemira's eyes flew open. Orion was standing by her bed, reaching out to touch her forehead with a very serious expression.
He said calmly, "Your temperature is normal, but you feel a little warm."
Lemira looked at the man before her, and her heart beat even faster. Her gaze flickered away. "I-I'm fine."
?
Orion leaned down to look at her, noticing the blush on her cheeks. He touched her face with the back of his hand. "Let's check your so temperature." 
"No, I don't have a fever."
"But you feel a little warm. It's better to be safe."
Lemira's face turned redder. "I-I just feel a little hot, and my heart is beating fast, that's all."
"I don't believe you."
Seeing that he was about to call for
?
a doctor, Lemira grabbed his hand and placed it over her heart fy don't believe me, feel for yourself." 
The rapid beat of her heart pulsed against Orion's palm, each thud echoing in his own chest and making his heart race in turn.
He looked down at her, the soft warmth beneath his hand throwing him off balance.
His voice grew hoarse. "I feel it."
Lemira met his intense, narrow gaze, and the heat in her cheeks intensified.
She quickly pulled his hand away, but the man took a step forward, trapping her against the hospital bed.
Lemira's heart was about to hammer its way out of her chest.
Why was he getting so close?
Orion leaned in, his eyes locked on her flushed face, finding her more adorable by the second.
He had only meant to tease her, but
his gaze drifted uncontrollably to her tightly pressed lips, and his own breathing grew uneven. 
He wanted to kiss her.
And as he thought it, he acted on it.
But Lemira turned her head, dodging him.
His cool lips brushed against her ear.
###Chapter 681
Lemira could hear his breathing, heavy and ragged, next to her ear.
An inexplicable shiver ran through her, and her fingers tightened on the bedsheet.
Orion turned his head, a slight smile on his face. "Why are you pulling away?" Lemira's voice trembled slightly. "Why wouldn't I? This is practically harassment."
Orion propped himself up slightly, his gaze scanning her face. "Given our relationship, I wouldn't call it harassment. It's... a little something to spice things up."
She was his girlfriend, wasn't she? Was a kiss really off-limits?
Lemira looked up at him, defiant. "Orion, I seem to recall breaking up with you. We are not in 'that kind of relationship' anymore."
"""That kind of relationship'?"
Orion cupped her face. "I'll say this one last time: I don't accept the breakup."
"Mr. Everhart, don't you understand that a relationship requires the consent of both parties? Me saying we're over and you refusing to accept it isn't romantic—it's just being annoyingly persistent, you know?"
The more she spoke, the angrier she got. "I'm not someone you can just treat however you want. What do you take me for?"
Her voice shook, and her eyes began to redden.
In truth, she wanted to know too. After discovering his true identity and breaking up
with him, what did he really think their relationship was?
Seeing her red-rimmed eyes fill with tears, Orion was suddenly at a loss.
He hadn't meant to make her cry; he couldn't stand seeing her tears.
He gently wiped the tears from the corner of her eye. "Please... please don't cry. I
was wrong. I promise I'll respect your wishes from now on."
Before he even tried to kiss her, he would get her permission.
Lemira hadn't wanted to cry either, feeling it was rather embarrassing.
But the moment he cupped her face, her tears broke free like a dam bursting, and she couldn't stop them.
Seeing her cry felt like a hailstorm in his heart.
He leaned down, coaxing her in a low voice, "Don't cry anymore. It's my fault."
Lemira sniffled but didn't say anything.
"It was my fault before. I shouldn't have deceived you for so long. If you want to break up, then... let's break up. I agree."
What else could Orion do? She was crying so hard.
When Lemira heard him agree to the breakup, her tears fell even faster.
Why did it hurt even more?
Lemira awkwardly pushed him away. "Then stay away from me."
An ex-boyfriend shouldn't be this close!
"Lemira,
about... how about I pursue
againase stop crying. How again? Properly this time t
you
me be
one to chase you 
Orion whispered softly, his breath tickling her ear.
Lemira instinctively tilted her neck away from his lips, and her tears gradually subsided.
Orion simply buried his head in her shoulder and murmured, "Stopped crying?" Only now did Lemira realize how embarrassing her behavior had been.
She wiped the tears from her face,
Két
pim away with more fle yed little self-conscious, a
"You're crushing me .net>
Orion narrowed his eyes slightly and pushed himself up. "So, you're not angry anymore, are you?"
"Then why did you hide your identity in the first place? Were you worried I was after your money?"
Lemira needed to know the answer.
Orion met her gaze and sat up on the edge of the bed. "It wasn't because of that. There were other reasons."
"What reasons?"
Orion rested his hands on his thighs, his eyes downcast. "I can't tell you yet."
Lemira studied his profile. "Back in Lyria, were you hiding your identity from everyone, or just from me?"
"From everyone, except Thaddeus."
Orion had gone to Lyria incognito in the first place just to see how Lemira was living.
Hearing that, she felt a little more at ease.
Orion turned his head. "Why do you ask?"
Lemira stared at the ceiling. "If you had hidden it only from me, I would have
suspected you had some ulterior motive."
But since Orion hid it from everyone,
it meant his trip to Lyria was meant
to be secret. That's why he
concealed his identity from everyone. 
That, she could understand.
###Chapter 682
She looked at him. "But hiding it from everyone... I guess that's a rich person's worry. I'm glad I'm not that wealthy; I don't have to be so guarded with everyone."
Orion's gaze deepened. He touched her forehead and, finding her temperature back to normal, finally relaxed.
He glanced at the takeout containers on the table. "Did your classmates visit?"
"Yes, my two roommates came by and brought me dinner."
"It's cold and a bit greasy. Not suitable for you right now. I'll get you something else."
Orion inspected the containers with a hint of disdain and promptly gathered them up.
A short while later, Orion returned with dinner delivered from Bistrova and placed it
in front of Lemira. "See what you'd like to eat."
Lemira had some soup. The light meal was indeed more suited to her current appetite.
She glanced at the man before her. "Have you eaten?"
At that, Orion took her cutlery and began to eat the rest of her food.
Lemira froze, then said slowly, "I've already eaten from that."
"I know."
Orion ate quickly, finishing in just a few bites.
He put down his fork. "I'll have the TG Group's PR team stay with you tonight. Let them know if you need anything."
"That's not necessary. I'll be fine on my own."
"They were assigned to serve you. If you don't need them, they'll be out of a job."
Lemira was surprised. "But aren't they from TG Group's PR team?"
How could they lose their jobs?
"The first time they came to the hospital to cause trouble for you, they were fired. The only reason they're still with TG Group is because they need to stay by your side."
Orion's tone was calm, as if he were discussing something completely ordinary. Lemira frowned. "I can hire them myself."
She knew wealthy families often had personal assistant teams to handle daily life, and even dedicated PR teams.
But she and Orion weren't married. Why should she accept a personal team he arranged?
It felt strange.
Orion packed up the containers. "That's fine."
Lemira watched him go. "By the way, how is your grandmother?"
"Are you worried?"
Orion turned back. "I'll take you to see her tomorrow. Don't worry, I've already told her about you."
"What? You've mentioned me before?"
Lemira's heart beat faster. "What did you say?"
"Nothing much. Just told her that I'd found a girl I like."
His casual words instantly shattered the defenses around Lemira's heart.
"Lemmy, even though I hid my identity, my feelings for you are real."
A tremor went through Lemira's
heart Outwardly, she showed nos reaction but inside, a storm
raging. 
She had once suspected Orion hid his identity because he was guarded with her.
During her time with the Langston family, she had seen the kind of
attitude wealthy men hat whe
dating girls from ordinary families. 
While the Langstons were wealthy, compared to the Everharts, they were practically
an ordinary family.
She was genuinely angry about his deception, feeling disrespected.
But in reality, it was her own insecurity about the relationship.
The gap in status between the Everhart and Langston families was too vast; she had little confidence.
"Good night. Get some rest."
After Orion left, he closed the door behind him.
Lemira lay alone in her hospital bed, her mind a tangled mess. His words had completely unsettled her.
What on earth would his grandmother want to say to her?
Lemira tossed and turned, unable to sleep. Soon, there was a knock on the door. She sat up. "Who is it?"
Could it be the PR team?
bet
The door opened to reveal a man dressed as a butler. "Ms. Langston, my mistress would like to see you now. Alone." 
###Chapter 683
Looking at the man standing at her door, Lemira felt as if fate was playing a cruel joke on her.
She knew it. A family this powerful would never be that simple.
Lemira quietly got out of bed. The butler thoughtfully pushed a wheelchair forward.
"Thank you, but I don't need that."
Lemira followed the butler into the elevator and up one floor, where bodyguards stood watch.
The night was dark outside, and her mind was surprisingly blank.
Lemira arrived outside the intensive care unit and saw the elderly woman lying in the bed, her hair white.
She put on a sterile gown and went inside.
The old woman opened her eyes and reached out a hand to her.
Lemira hesitated for a moment before walking to the bedside, where the woman took her hand.
Seeing that the woman seemed to want to speak, she leaned in closer. "What is it you'd like to say?"
"You truly are a beautiful girl."
Lemira was a bit taken aback. "Thank you for the compliment," she murmured.
"I have a gift for you."
After she spoke, she glanced at the butler at the door.
He handed Lemira a file containing a list of real estate properties, stocks, cash, and shares in the Everhart Group.
Lemira was stunned by the sheer amount of wealth, but she immediately
understood the old woman's intention.
Why she had wanted to see her alone at night.
She turned back to the woman and said softly, "If you want me to leave Orion, you don't need to give me all this. You could have just said so."
"Such an understanding girl. But I don't have much time left. I can't watch over you two... cough, cough."
The old woman started coughing.
Lemira stepped forward and gently patted her chest. "Take your time. I'm listening." "Child, you are a good girl, but you and Orion are not right for each other."
Let
The old woman's eyes reddened. How she wished Lemira wasn't the girl from the car accident all those years ago, if only that were true, she could rest easy. 
Her grandson had been so disciplined and worked so hard for so many years. What was wrong with him finding a girl he loved to be his wife?
Lemira held the woman's hand. "But I love him."
At this moment, Lemira couldn't lie to her.
The woman's voice was weak. "I am dying. I have only one request: do not be with him. Everything I own can be yours."
"Grandma Eileen, I can't promise you that."
Lemira looked at the old woman. "If you want to break us up, then you'll have to get better quickly. You know how stubborn Orion is You're probably the only one he'll listen to so you have to get well."
Hearing this, Mrs. Eileen's eyes filled with tears, and she began to sob. "Oh,
heavens, why are you doing this to me?"
Why are you doing this to my grandson?
Why?
The old woman became agitated, and the monitors beside her began to beep erratically.
The butler rushed out of the room, shouting, "Doctor! Doctor!"
Lemira held her hand tightly. "You have to get better. Otherwise, I won't leave Orion.
I'll cling to him and never let go."
She knew how much Orion cared for his grandmother.
Losing someone you care about is incredibly painful.
She didn't want Orion to experience that pain. She wanted his grandmother to hold
on for at least a couple more years.
Mrs. Eileen looked at Lemira with immense kindness in her eyes. The girl her grandson had chosen truly was different.
Even after she had said such awful things to Lemira, the girl still wanted her to get well.
Just then, doctors and nurses rushed in, and Lemira was ushered out of the ICU.
She stood outside, watching as the old woman was surrounded by the medical team, her heart in her throat.
The butler stormed over to her. "Ms. Langston, don't you know she's been resuscitated many times? How Could you say such things to upset her?" 
###Chapter 684
Lemira pressed her lips together. "That's not what I meant. I was trying to..."
"I don't care what you were trying to do. Let me be clear: you are in big trouble now. If something happens to my mistress, you'll have to face the consequences!"
The butler's tone was grave. After speaking, he walked aside to make a phone call and report the situation.
Lemira sat down on a nearby bench. She hesitated before calling Orion, but the call went unanswered.
The night was deep, and her heart sank with it.
Lemira took out her phone to text Orion. She struggled for a long time, unsure what to say, finally typing out a single line: [I'm sorry. I think I made things worse. I saw your grandmother, and now she's in critical condition. Please come to the hospital.]
After sending the message, she was left to an agonizing wait.
Lemira kept vigil outside, eventually falling asleep on the bench.
When Orion arrived, he found Lemira sleeping alone on the bench. He walked over and draped his jacket over her.
He knelt in front of her, gently brushing her hair back from her face.
Just then, the butler hurried over.
Orion glanced at the butler and held up a hand for silence. He stood and moved a short distance away, asking in a low voice, "How is she?"
He had heard on the way that her condition had stabilized, so he hadn't let the news spread to the rest of the family to avoid them all rushing over in the middle of the night.
The butler glanced at the sleeping Lemira. "She's stable now, but she was doing quite well today until she saw Ms. Langston. She became extremely agitated, and it was nearly fatal."
Orion looked at his grandmother lying in the ICU.
He frowned. "I thought we agreed to see her tomorrow."
"She woke up this evening feeling better and said she wanted to see her alone."
"What did my grandmother do? What did she say?"
Under pressure, the butler recounted everything and handed the file to Orion.
Orion glanced at the assets listed in the document. It was most of his grandmother's personal fortune.
He sighed wearily. Is she trying to use this money to atone for my sins?
The butler continued, "Mr. Everhart, I just don't think this girl is right for you." "That's none of your business."
Orion tossed the file back, his voice cold. "Watch your tone."
The butler immediately lowered his head and fell silent. He just felt that this Ms Langston couldn't compare to Ms. Sinclair in thoughtfulness and care. 
Orion turned, walked back to the bench, and carefully lifted Lemira into his arms,
carrying her back to her room downstairs.
Orion was careful of her injured leg and adjusted the air conditioning so she wouldn't catch a cold with her legs uncovered.
After doing all this, he stood by the bed and watched her for a long time.
Orion then turned and lay down on
the sma
sofa in the room, trying to get some rest. It would be dawn in
fe
hours anyway. 
Just as dawn was breaking, Lemira woke up.
She only remembered sitting on the bench. When had she gotten back to her room?
She pushed herself up and saw
Orion on the small sofa. His longet
legs had nowhere to go, making him look rather pitifully curled up s?novels
She watched him for a moment. She hadn't expected him to actually come.
She got up, took a blanket, and draped it over him.
In the next second, Orion's eyes snapped open. He grabbed her wrist, his gaze dark and still.
Lemira blinked. "Orion, you..."
Before she could finish, the man sat up and kissed her, his lips pressing forcefully against hers.
###Chapter 685
Lemira was still processing what was happening as the man held the back of her head, deepening the kiss.
Just as she was about to resist, he pushed her away forcefully, only to pull her back
in.
"I'm sorry. I... I thought I was dreaming."
Orion held Lemira, his breathing heavy. He leaned down and brushed his lips against her ear. "I thought I saw you in my dream, and I was so happy. I'm sorry." Lemira's face was flushed. She blushed as she pulled away from his embrace.
She asked softly, "When did you get to the hospital last night? Is that project still not resolved?"
She remembered Orion sending her messages about his daily routine, which was mostly work-related.
She recalled one project that had run into trouble and he'd been trying to fix.
A small smile played on Orion's lips. "I thought you never read my messages."
So she did read every single one. How else would she know about the project trouble?
Noticing his look, Lemira turned her head away, her tone a little strained. "I just happened to see it."
Blushing, she got up and went back to sit on her own bed.
Orion rubbed his stiff neck and sat up. There was a bluish shadow of stubble on his chin, and his voice was thick with sleep.
The man looked much more worn-out.
Lemira pressed her lips together. "How is your grandmother? I called you last night but you didn't answer. I fell asleep while waiting."
"She's fine now. Her health has always been fragile. Don't worry about it."
Orion looked at her. "What did my grandmother say to you?"
Lemira grew nervous and lowered her eyes. "Nothing much, we just chatted a bit."
Orion fell silent for a moment, then gave a wry smile. "You don't have to hide it. I already know from the butler. It's not hard to guess."
Lemira's gaze flickered.
She looked up, her voice soft. "Your grandmother offered me a lot of money to leave you."
"My grandmother has a lot of personal savings. She always said she'd leave it to her granddaughter-in-law. Giving it to you early is no big deal."
Lemira was dumbfounded. "Granddaughter-in-law?"
Orion smiled faintly. "Yes."
Meeting his teasing eyes, Lemira knew she had fallen right into his trap.
"That's not it at all," she said quickly. "Besides your grandmother, your mother did the same thing. To be honest, they were very generous. They didn't even score me They were actually quite nice
It was completely different from the scenes in TV shows where wealthy matriarchs dramatically throw checks at people.
After hearing this, Orion stroked his chin. "I'll need to think about this seriously."
"What are you thinking about? Shouldn't I be the one doing the thinking?"
Hearing her words, his mood soured. "What are you thinking about?"
Lemira turned her head away and said deliberately, "They offered so much money. If I accepted, I'd be financially independent instantly My net worth wouldn't ever be that far off from yours." 
"And so?"
He gritted his teeth. Was she really going to choose money over him?
Orion said anxiously, "I can shower you with money too. I'll bet my entire fortune, which is much more than what my mom and grandmother offered you combined."
Lemira touched her cheek. "It's still different. At least with that much money, I could have my pick of male models. A different handsome guy every day. If one of them displeases me, just get another. As the saying goes... what... what are you doing!" 
Her voice trailed off as she saw Orion approach.
Orion loomed over her, leaning in with his hands on the bed. "As the saying goes... what does it say?"
"If you change lovers fast enough, there's no sorrow, only love. You... don't get so close. There's nothing wrong with my hearing."
###Chapter 686
Lemira said, inching away from him.
Seeing her move to the edge of the bed, Orion placed a hand on her shoulder. "Don't move. Do you want to fall off and crack your head open?"
"Then back up a little."
Orion finally moved back slightly, looking at her with a hint of resignation. "You are not to take their money. Everything I have can be yours."
His eyes held a threat.
Lemira lowered her gaze. "I didn't take it."
"Good girl."
Orion glanced at the time. "I have to go to the office. When I get back, we'll handle your discharge papers."
"Okay, you should go."
Lemira couldn't wait for him to leave.
Orion straightened his clothes. "Is your throat feeling okay now? Any discomfort?"
"It's much better."
Orion picked up his suit jacket. "I'll have someone bring breakfast over later."
Lemira watched him leave the room, then touched her lips, where the feeling of his kiss still lingered.
She lay down and pulled the blanket over her face.
It was all so embarrassing.
She had to admit, she was losing control of her feelings. It seemed she was falling for him more and more.
After a while, Lemira fell asleep again.
But she wasn't sleeping deeply. A sound at her ear woke her, and she saw Debby from the PR team coming in with breakfast.
Debby looked a little surprised. "Did I wake you?"
"No, I was only sleeping lightly."
Lemira sat up. Seeing the breakfast, she said, "Perfect timing, I'm a little hungry."
"Mr. Everhart instructed us to take good care of you."
Lemira looked at Debby. "If I were to hire you directly, instead of having you come through Orion, would you be willing?"
After all, Debby and her team had been helping her investigate the car accident. She didn't want to change teams, but she also didn't want to be indebted to Orion.
"Of course."
"Wouldn't that offend Orion?"
Debby smiled. "Ms. Langston, you don't need to feel any pressure. Mr. Everhart is very fond of you, and we've gotten along very well I'm
more than happy to continue
working for you." 
As long as Orion and Lemira ended up together, it made no difference to her team.
Lemira looked worried. "But how long do you think a man's affection can last?"
"Ms. Langston, I can tell you like Mr. Everhart too. Does dating really have to be so complicated these days With his looks and physique, Mr. Everhart is an excellent catch." 
Debby looked at Lemira seriously. "Besides, Ms. Langston, you come from a good family and are very capable yourself. Why are you so insecure when it comes to relationships?" 
"I'm just not very good at relationships."
Lemira thought of her past life, how she had given everything for her family but
failed to even maintain those bonds.
Love was out of the question.
She had no confidence in these things.
"The best teacher is experience. How will you know you're not good at it if you don't even try?"
Sometimes Debby envied Lemira. Not everyone could capture the affection of the Everhart heir, and be so fiercely protected by him.
After breakfast, Lemira decided to check on Mrs. Eileen.
She went straight upstairs and happened to see Mrs. Amanda putting on a sterile gown to go inside, while Mrs. Amelia waited outside.
Seeing them both there, Lemira stopped, planning to leave and come back later. "Lemira, stop right there! I was just looking for you! You nearly killed Orion's grandmother!"
Mrs. Amelia strode menacingly toward Lemira and raised her hand to slap her.
###Chapter 687
Lemira lifted her hand and caught Mrs. Amelia's wrist, her eyelids barely twitching.
Furious, Mrs. Amelia tried to yank her hand back.
Lemira suddenly let go, causing Mrs. Amelia to lose her balance and stumble to the floor.
Her face was blank as she said, "Assault is illegal, Mrs. Amelia. Now I see where Susanna gets it from. Like mother, like daughter, I suppose?"
"Lemira, how dare you be so disrespectful! Your whole family is rotten to the core. Your father, Asher, shamelessly married into the family. Has he no shame?"
Mrs. Amelia had never been so humiliated. That little b*** Lemira is certainly arrogant!
A small smile touched Lemira's lips. "Asher is quite shameless. I have to agree with you on that."
As long as they weren't insulting her parents, she didn't care who they insulted in the Langston family.
Mrs. Amelia glared at Lemira, exasperated. "Don't think you're so special just because Orion dotes on you now. You don't know that he's still hiding something
from you."
"What else is he hiding from me?"
Lemira studied Mrs. Amelia's face. The woman had a smug expression, as if she had found Lemira's weakness.
Mrs. Amelia haughtily smoothed her clothes. "You want to know that badly? Then beg me."
"Then I don't want to know anymore."
Lemira said it lightly and turned to leave.
Flustered and angry, Mrs. Amelia snapped, "Lemira, you're lying, aren't you? Orion hid his real identity, and he also hid his real reason for getting close to you."
Lemira turned her head. "Do you think you can drive a wedge between us with these words? Your daughter Sophia already tried the same trick."
She wouldn't fall for it so easily this time.
Mrs. Amelia shorted. "But your eyes tell me you don't quite disbelieve me. Think about it. Why would the heir to the Everhart Group suddenly become a school doctor at
Konovel.ned
university living under a false name by your side, and helping you so much? Haven't you ever been suspicious?" 
Lemira's hands clenched, her mind reeling.
An elegant smile spread across Mrs. Amelia's face as she lowered her voice. "Don't you find it all very strange? Is he with you because he likes you, or for some other reason?"
"That's enough!"
Lemira stared at Mrs. Amelia. "Thank you for the clues. I'll ask Orion myself later."
Mrs. Amelia's smile faded. She had expected to see Lemira flustered, but the little brat was remarkably calm.
Mrs. Amelia gritted her teeth. "Do you think you can get the truth out of him? He'll keep lying to you. He'll never tell you, I'm only telling you this out of pity, seeing you being led around by the nose." 
Lemira really wanted to just walk away.
But she remembered Asher saying the car involved in the accident belonged to the
Sinclair family, which meant a Sinclair was in the car.
She thought for a moment, then turned back to Mrs. Amelia. "You've said so much. What do you really want?"
"I told you. I'm reminding you out of pity."
"But if Orion won't tell me the truth, what will take for you to tell me what he's hiding? Are you perhaps hoping I drop the lawsuit against y Susanna for falsely accusing me of theft?" 
Lemira watched Mrs. Amelia intently, not missing a single expression.
"You're quite clever. It's just a pity that you..."
Before Mrs. Amelia could finish, Mrs. Amanda's voice came from behind them. "Lemira, what are you doing here?"
Mrs. Amanda came out of the ICU, saw Lemira with Mrs. Amelia, and took off her sterile gown as she walked over.
Mrs. Amelia's demeanor changed instantly. She turned and linked her arm with Mrs. Amanda's. "Oh, you're out. How is she? Is she furious with Lemira?"
Hopefully, Mrs. Eileen hates Lemira and will stop that little b*** from being with Orion.
###Chapter 688
Mrs. Amanda sighed. "All I can say is that her condition has stabilized for now."
"It's all Lemira's fault. She was so disrespectful, saying things that made her ill. And after you've been so kind to that girl... she turns around and upsets her. My Susanna used to take such good care of her."
Mrs. Amelia spared no effort in slandering Lemira.
Lemira looked at Mrs. Amanda, her face filled with guilt. "I didn't mean to."
Mrs. Amanda's expression wasn't pleasant either. "Lemira, can I ask what you said
to her that upset her so much she needed to be resuscitated again?"
Mrs. Eileen was a very kind person, the best mother-in-law she could have asked for.
So Mrs. Amanda really wanted to know why Lemira would do such a thing.
Hearing the accusatory tone, Lemira felt a tightness in her chest, as if it were stuffed with cotton, making it hard to breathe.
She paused for a moment before answering, "Mrs. Eileen asked me not to be with Orion."
In truth, this wasn't surprising to Lemira.
Mrs. Amanda was silent for a moment.
But Mrs. Amelia was both surprised and delighted. She covered her mouth and said to Mrs. Amanda, "See? What did I tell you? She has the best judgment of character. She knew they weren't right for each other. Lemira must have refused and defied her, which is why she ended up in critical condition last night."
Lemira's eyes reddened. "Mrs. Amanda, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said something so offensive."
Mrs. Amanda wiped a tear from her eye. "You're a good girl. Since she has made her wishes known, we should respect them, shouldn't we?"
The words she couldn't bring herself to say had been spoken by the ailing old woman, forcing her to be the villain.
Lemira lowered her eyes and said with difficulty, "Yes."
The scales began to tip. She knew how important his grandmother was to Orion. How could she bear to let him lose his most cherished family member?
Even though she didn't want to let go at all.
Lemira didn't know how she got back to her room. She just sat on the edge of her bed in a daze.
Debby came over and said softly, "Ms. Langston, don't be too sad.
Mrs. Eileen doesn't have much time
left it's hard forth have
younger.
generation to go against the wishes of someone in her condition."
"I know."
Lemira forced a smile. She knew how much Mrs. Eileen meant to Orion.
She also knew that Mrs. Eileen would pass away by next year.
She was sad, but not because Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Eileen were trying to keep her from Orion.
It was because the old woman truly didn't have much time left.
She didn't want Orion to have any friction or regrets with his grandmother in the time they had left.
Debby sighed. "Get some rest."
Lemira wiped her eyes. "By the way, any news from the auto shop? Have you found any connection to the Sinclair family?"
She had learned from Stella that the mechanic might have a close relationship with Mrs. Amelia, but too much time had passed, and they hadn't found any leads.
"So far, there's no connection between the mechanic and Mrs. Amelia The Sinclair family's car maintenance is always handled by ther driver who brings the cars in. They rarely request house calls." 
"So they're keeping their distance and not contacting each other now."
Lemira thought for a moment. "Maybe we need to find a way to make them panic, or even turn on each other."
After the Al project showcase next week, Asher would probably make the payment to PZ Group.
She was eager to see what Evelina would do.
As long as they could identify the recipient of Evelina's embezzled funds, they could
find her father, who was still alive and pulling the strings.
And if they found Evelina's father, they could definitely get the hidden truth about the car accident!
Lemira was alone in her room when,
.n
a short while later, Mrs. Amelia knocked and entered. "Can we tal guarantee you'll be interested in what I have to say." 
###Chapter 689
Lemira looked at Mrs. Amelia. She was certainly desperate to get Susanna out of trouble.
Debby stepped forward to block Mrs. Amelia. "I'm sorry, Ms. Langston needs to rest right now."
"Who do you think you are, trying to stop me?"
Mrs. Amelia's tone was haughty. She clearly looked down on Debby, seeing her as nothing more than a lackey from a PR team.
Lemira glanced at Debby. "You can step out for a moment. I'll talk with Mrs. Amelia alone."
Debby nodded. "Ms. Langston, call me if you need anything. Mr. Everhart gave clear instructions."
Mrs. Amelia watched Debby leave, then turned back to Lemira. "I see Orion has plenty of people watching you."
"It's just a PR team, my personal assistants, really. There's no 'watching' involved." Lemira's calm response infuriated Mrs. Amelia.
Mrs. Amelia sneered. "Lemira, have you been watching too many TV dramas? Is this the first time you've had this kind of treatment?"
"Mrs. Amelia, have you forgotten? While the Langston family might not rank high in Orvin, back in Lyria, we have status."
"Status? With a company as insignificant as yours? Don't flatter yourself."
Lemira's gaze was cold. "From what I hear, the Sinclair family has been mismanaged for years and is on the brink of collapse. If it weren't for the charity contracts from the Everharts, you would have gone bankrupt long ago, falling even below the Langstons."
The color drained from Mrs. Amelia's face. "Where did you hear such rumors?"
"Whether it's a rumor or not, you know the truth, Mrs. Amelia. It's also why you're so shamelessly pushing for an engagement with Orion."
"Lemira, stop acting so high and mighty. My daughter was right, that expression of yours is truly infuriating."
Mrs. Amelia stepped closer, pressing her. "What right do you, a woman who's been completely fooled, have to speak to me like that?"
"Just say what you came to say. Get to the point."
Mrs. Amelia calmed herself. "You want to know what Orion is hiding from you, don't you? Let's make a deal. You drop the lawsuit against Susanna, and I'll tell you the truth."
A truth that would plunge Lemira into the depths of despair.
Lemira looked at Mrs. Amelia and said, "Alright."
"You agreed so easily? It seems you really do care about what Orion's hiding. I've suddenly changed my mind in addition to dropping the lawsuit, you also have to break up with Orion and keep your distance!" 
Mrs. Amelia watched Lemira with a smirk, as if she held all the cards.
Lemira stared at the woman. "Don't you think you're asking for a bit much?" "Too much? It's a bargain for you."
Mrs. Amelia leaned closer, lowering her voice. "This truth is enough to send you into
a spiral of agony. But if you leave Orion, you won't have to suffer so much. I'm helping you."
Lemira looked up, their eyes meeting.
"Didn't I say that no one was to disturb Lemira while she's resting?"
Orion pushed the door open, his face grim. He walked straight to the bedside, his sharp gaze fixed on Mrs. Amelia. "I heard you wanted to speak did... with Lemira alone. you say to her?" 
Meeting Orion's stare, Mrs. Amelia instinctively took two steps back
"Nothing. I just saw your mother was I in a difficult position, so i came to talk to Ms. Langston, hoping she'd stop causing so much trouble." 
"Is that all?"
Orion's features were sharp and defined as he advanced on Mrs. Amelia, backing
her toward the door.
###Chapter 690
Mrs. Amelia said angrily, "Orion, I only came here for your mother's sake! How can you treat me like this?"
"Someone as selfish as you wouldn't come here for my mother. You clearly have ulterior motives, don't you? Don't think I don't know!"
Mrs. Amelia's knees nearly gave out. "I... I don't know what you're talking about."
Could it be that Orion knew what she was going to say?
Orion's face was stern. "You were trying to force Lemira to go to the police and drop the charges, weren't you?"
Mrs. Amelia's tone was strained. "Is there something wrong with that? Susanna had nothing to do with it in the first place. She was just dragged into it."
"Then you should be telling that to the police, not to Lemira."
Orion's voice was menacing. "Susanna has made so many mistakes, she even caused someone's death. It's time she faced the consequences."
"No, Orion, you watched Susanna grow up. Your mother even wanted to make her a goddaughter, have you forgotten?"
Hearing Orion's words, Mrs. Amelia panicked. If Orion got involved, there would be no turning back.
Orion flung Mrs. Amelia's hand off him. "You should leave."
"Orion, you can't do this! Our families are so close, you can't!"
Mrs. Amelia was truly panicked now.
Orion backed Mrs. Amelia out the door and hissed in a low voice, "If you don't want the Sinclair family to go bankrupt, you'd better keep your mouth shut."
Mrs. Amelia looked at Orion in shock. He guessed?
So Orion was using the Sinclair family to warn her to keep quiet, to not tell Lemira about the car accident.
A flicker of glee went through Mrs. Amelia. So this was Orion's weakness.
Could she use this?
But in the next second, Orion slammed the door shut, ignoring Mrs. Amelia outside.
Debby walked up to Mrs. Amelia. "Please leave."
Mrs. Amelia shot Debby a glare.
"You were the one who called Orion, werent you? Too bad Lemira, will nevermarry into the Everhart family. You've been sucking up to the wrong person." 
Mrs. Amelia stormed off. As for that other matter, she would need to rethink her plan.
Inside the room.
Lemira watched Orion approach. "Why are you back so suddenly? Are you done at the office?"
"Are you okay? What did she say to you?"
There was a hint of insecurity in Orion's eyes. He was worried Mrs. Amelia had already said something she shouldn't have.
Lemira shook her head. "Nothing, just warning me not to punch above my weight, and saying it was my fault your grandmother had to be resuscitated."
"Don't worry about my grandmother. I know you said that to try and get her to rally."
"But I think I messed up. Your grandmother didn't appreciate my little joke."
Lemira felt defeated. She looked at Orion seriously. "How is she now?" "She's fine."
Seeing Lemira's expression, Orion grew anxious. "Lemira, what my grandmother said, you..."
"I will take it to heart."
Lemira's gaze was serious as she looked at his handsome, mature face she could only imagine how many girls threw themselves at him on a regular basis. 
Suddenly, she felt a pang of jealousy.
Orion instantly panicked. "Lemira, my grandmother doesn't dislike you. The reason
she said that is because..."
"Because of what?"
Lemira looked up at him. She
reached out and cupped his face et
her fingers tracing a path from his brow down the bridge of his nose and finally to his thin lips. 
Orion's body went rigid, a huge wave of panic washing over him.
Lemira's gaze settled on his lips. "Is there something else you're hiding from me?"
###Chapter 691
Lemira looked at the handsome face before her, Mrs. Sinclair's words echoing in her mind.
That woman had said Orion was still hiding things from her.
As much as she didn't want to doubt Orion, she couldn't control her heart.
Orion's voice was hoarse. "Lemira, what are you referring to?"
"I've always had a question. Why did you hide your identity to become a school doctor? Was there a special reason?"
Lemira's voice was calm as she watched him quietly.
Orion's heart felt like it was being fried in oil.
He wanted to tell her, but he didn't dare.
Their relationship had just started to mend, and he couldn't bear the thought of losing her again.
Now that he had a lead from Lemira about the car crash-that the driver might not have died—it meant the incident was far from simple.
He didn't know what other dangers were lurking in the shadows.
Orion wanted to uncover the full truth before telling her. If the crash was intentional, orchestrated by that driver from the Langston family, then maybe, just maybe, Lemira would hate him a little less when she finally knew.
Orion's lips thinned. "There were some things."
Lemira pulled her hand away, and in that instant, Orion's heart stopped.
He grew anxious. "Some things... I can't tell you right now. I..."
"Fine. I won't ask anymore."
Lemira's expression became placid in that moment, but the look in her eyes had grown distant.
Orion panicked. "Lemira, I..."
"I know. Everyone has their burdens and secrets they can't share. Your grandmother is very ill. We shouldn't do anything to upset her."
Lemira pushed his hand away. "I also have things more important than romance to deal with, and so do you. So..."
"There is no 'so.' I don't want to hear it. I'll convince my grandmother. She doesn't dislike you."
His grandmother was just worried Lemira would get hurt.
"Your grandmother is critically ill. Are you really going to defy her and risk her health just to be with me openly?"
Orion's voice weakened. "Just give me some time."
"In that case, let's just go back to being friends."
Orion's hand was left empty, grasping at nothing.
After saying those words, Lemira knew there was no future for them, at least not
now.
She didn't want Orion to get hurt either.
She sat back on the bed, turning to face the window, no longer looking at the man standing behind her.
She was afraid that if she looked at him again, she would regret her decision.
Orion stared at her back, his voice strained. "Lemira."
"Please leave. I need to rest."
As soon as the words left her lips, tears streamed down her face.
Orion's gaze remained on her. "If this is your choice, then I'll respect it.
sorry I didn't handle my family well,
and their words hurt you. 
He clenched his hands into fists, veins bulging.
He truly couldn't go against his grandmother's wishes right now and be with Lemira openly.
That's why he had to uncover the truth of the crash as soon as possible. Only then could he be with her without hiding.
His resolve hardening, Orion turned and left the hospital room.
He looked at Debby outside, his eyes dark. "I'm assigning more people to you. No matter the cost or the time, I want that Langston family car crash investigated immediately content 
"I'll do everything I can, sir. But there's something I haven't had a chance to report to you in person."
Orion looked at Debby. "Go on."
"Ms. Langston, through Miss Stella, discovered that the mechanic has close ties with Mrs. Sinclair. She
also found out the person in the net
back of the other vehicle was also from the Sinclair family We haven't figured out the exact nature of the mechanic's relationship with Mrs. Sinclair yet. Do you happen to know anything about the situation back then?" 
After so many years, the investigation would take considerable time.
Since Orion was a central figure among the city's elite, perhaps he, like Stella, had access to some clues.
Orion stared at Debby in disbelief. "That mechanic is really connected to Mrs. Sinclair?"
###Chapter 692
That was a detail he hadn't expected.
"Yes, sir. We haven't found any specific leads yet, and we don't want to tip them off. Right now, the only way forward is through the artificial intelligence project. We need Evelina to embezzle company funds, which will lead us to her father. Once we have him, our hands won't be so tied."
Orion looked out at the street beyond the hallway. It seemed like the most reliable plan for now.
Only by capturing Evelina's supposedly dead father could they learn what really happened back then.
His expression turned serious. "Have people watch PZ Group and the Langston Group. I'll assign my top computer experts to monitor their accounts. Notify me the second there's any movement."
"Yes, Mr. Everhart."
Orion glanced back at the hospital room, his eyes filled with sorrow. He forced himself to look away. "Take good care of her."
He would give his all to drag the person behind this into the light.
And then, he would tell her the truth himself.
Lemira was discharged from the hospital soon after.
Before leaving, she looked back at the top-floor ward, hoping the old woman would recover quickly.
Lemira went straight back to the university. The leaves on the roadside maple trees had all turned yellow. Summer was almost over.
When she got back to her dorm, only Stella was there.
Stella said in surprise, "You didn't even tell me you were being discharged! How's the injury on your leg? I had someone get you this scar cream. It's really effective and not even available on the open market."
Lemira glanced at the scar cream, then took out the one from her own pocket. They looked identical.
Stella looked at it. "Orion gave you that, didn't he? And so much of it! This stuff is incredibly hard to get."
"I hope it works as well as you say. The last thing I want is a scar."
Lemira pulled up her loose pant leg, revealing another burn scar on her upper thigh. Stella was shocked. "When were you injured there? Was it in the car crash?"
"Yes. I almost died. Someone pulled me out. But the story has always been that Evelina's father saved me, then died in the explosion when he went back for my parents. But I've always felt there was a third person there... someone who actually saved me."
But Lemira couldn't remember anything about the day of the crash.
Stella sighed. "I'm trying to help you investigate whether anyone from the Sinclair family was in a car accident back then. I should have some results soon."
"Thank you."
"But you could also ask Orion to help you look into it."
Lemira lowered her gaze. "No, it's better if I keep my distance from him."
"Is it because of Grandma Eileen?"
Stella had heard about what happened at the hospital the previous night.
Lemira nodded. "Grandma Eileen doesn't have much time left. I don't want to put onion in a difficult position. Besides, have more important things to focus on right now. We can talk about romance later." 
FindNovel.net
All she wanted now was to find Evelina's father and demand the truth about the
crash.
Stella hugged Lemira, her heart aching for her friend. "I understand your decision. What we're investigating is definitely more important right now."
Lemira wiped away a tear. "You're right."
The next day, Lemira went straight to Maple Group, determined to find the cause of the short-circuit fire.
Thaddeus was in his office and was surprised to see her. "How's your injury? You don't need to be at work. You should be resting."
"Are there any results from the investigation?"
Thaddeus nodded. "It was
deliberate. We've caught the guy He was paid off, a cash transaction, so we couldn't trace who hired him. But
the suspect is most likely one of our competitors." 
"I know who it is. My brother Asher is very good at using these kinds of tactics."
Thaddeus smiled. "That just proves
he's worried his skills aren't up to
par, so he resorts to dirty tricks We've moved the prototype to a new ocation with 24 hour security. 
"That's good."
Lemira went to join the debugging process. This time, she would not lose.
She received a call from an unknown number. "Hello, Lemira. Let's meet at the coffee shop downstairs. We didn't finish our conversation at the hospital the other day."
It was Mrs. Sinclair.
Lemira clutched her phone. A part of her wanted to know what Mrs. Sinclair had to
say.
###Chapter 693
Lemira went straight to the coffee shop downstairs. Mrs. Sinclair was already waiting at a table.
After she sat down, Mrs. Sinclair slid a check across the table.
Lemira glanced at it. "What's this?"
"Name your price."
Lemira looked at the wealthy woman across from her. "I don't recall this being our arrangement. You said Orion was deceiving me. What was it about?"
"I was lying."
Mrs. Sinclair's expression was a bit unnatural. "I was just trying to test you, but I didn't expect Orion to overhear. I was originally going to bring up the fact that he hid his identity from you, just to drive a wedge between you."
Lemira felt certain Mrs. Sinclair wasn't telling the truth.
"Just write a number on the check. The money will be in your account today."
Lemira laughed out loud, took the check, and began writing.
Seeing this, Mrs. Sinclair's lips curled into a contemptuous smirk. Just as she thought-greedy.
After Lemira finished writing, she handed the check back.
Mrs. Sinclair took it, and her eyes widened in shock. "How much?"
Lemira had filled the check out to the maximum possible amount.
Lemira's tone was flat. "Weren't you the one who told me to name my price? Having second thoughts now?"
Mrs. Sinclair downed her coffee in one gulp. She couldn't believe Lemira had the audacity to ask for nearly a billion dollars.
Where would the Sinclair family get that kind of cash flow?
The Sinclair family was on the verge of bankruptcy; they didn't have that kind of money.
Lemira stood up. "So you can't afford it. I guess that means Susanna isn't worth much to you after all. Maybe it's more cost-effective for her to just stay in jail." "Stop right there!"
Mrs. Sinclair was furious. "Do you really think a small matter like this is worth so much money?"
"If you can't even produce this amount, it seems the rumors are true. The Sinclair family really is going bankrupt."
The wrinkles on Mrs. Sinclair's face deepened with rage. How dare this little b*** from a no-name family look down on the Sinclairs! It was infuriating!
Lemira looked back at Mrs. Sinclair. "Unless you have some real collateral to trade, we have nothing to discuss."
Mrs. Sinclair watched Lemira walk away, cursing under her breath. "B***. Such an arrogant, clueless b***."
How dare a girl from a common family try to steal her daughter's man! The nerve!
It was clear now. She had to find a way to get rid of Lemira, or destroy her.
Mrs. Sinclair thought for a moment, then drove straight to an auto shop. Some things just had to be taken care of by the right people.
Lemira, you brought this on yourself.
Don't blame me for being ruthless.
After leaving the coffee shop, Lemira immediately called Debby. "Mrs. Sinclair just came to see me. It didn't end well. Have your people keep a close eye on her."
Lemira returned to Maple Group and continued with the testing.
Fortunately, everything went smoothly.
After returning to the university, she
received a call from Debby. "Mrs. Sinclair went to that auto shop.
According to our informant
the mechanic was the one who met with
her, but we don't know what they discussed." 
FindNovel.net
"I understand. This means Mrs. Sinclair might really know something about the car
crash back then."
Lemira's mood lifted. It felt like she was getting closer to the truth.
After she hung up, Stella
approached her. "I've checked on the Sinclair family. It seems no one from their family was in a car crash in Lyria that year. On that particular day, Ms. Sinclar wasn't even in Lyra. The family hadjust close a deal on a new energy project and were all attending a celebratory conference." 
Stella even produced an old photograph. "Here's the proof. The conference lasted from afternoon until evening. The Sinclairs wouldn't have had time to go to Lyria, would they?"
Lemira looked at the photo. "Is everyone from the Sinclair family in this picture?" "Yes, all of them."
Lemira studied the group photo and the red banner hanging nearby. "This new energy project... why does it sound so familiar?"
"Have you heard of it? It was a project from many years ago. It's how the Sinclair family made enough money to break into the
circle of wealthy families. It ne
shame they havent had any other successful projects since then They've just been living off their old achievements." 
###Chapter 694
Lemira shook her head. "I can't place it. I'll have to look into it later."
She felt as if she'd heard about this new energy project somewhere before, but she couldn't recall where.
Could she have heard about it in her past life?
Whatever it was, it bothered her.
A week later, at the artificial intelligence project showcase.
Lemira and her colleagues entered the exhibition hall, set up their prototype, and began the initial debugging.
"Lemira, is this your company's new prototype? Why does it look exactly like the new prototype from our Langston Group? Don't tell me you copied us."
Evelina strutted over, glanced at the prototype, and felt a twinge of regret.
If only she had successfully destroyed Maple Group's prototype, Lemira wouldn't have anything to present today.
But her plan had been ruined.
Lemira stepped forward to face Evelina, her voice low. "What's the matter? You sent someone to destroy our prototype just so you could copy it? You can copy the appearance, but you can't copy the technology. A fake will always be a fake. Just like you."
"Lemira, it's a pity that fire didn't burn you to death."
Evelina gritted her teeth in frustration. Why wasn't this b*** dead?
But Lemira's good days were numbered.
The Langston family would soon go bankrupt, and then she'd see how arrogant Lemira could be.
A cold smile touched Lemira's lips. "So you're admitting the fire had something to do with the Langston Group?"
"Don't make baseless accusations. Everyone in our circle knows about the fire at your company. Does that make everyone who knows a suspect?"
Evelina hid the guilt in her eyes. "Oh, and I forgot to tell you, I'm the project manager now. Asher even said that if I perform well, I could get another promotion."
"Then congratulations in advance. After all, the higher you fly, the harder you fall."
Lemira sneered inwardly. The faster Evelina got promoted, the easier it would be for her to embezzle funds.
For her, this was actually a good thing.
Evelina smugly flashed her large diamond ring. "I think some people are just jealous that my career at the Langston family is going better than theirs No matter how you try to Stander me, I'll be the one who wins in the end." 
Just then, Asher approached with his team.
When he saw the displayed prototype, a meaningful expression crossed his face. "Lemira, if you admit defeat now, it's not too late!"
Lemira answered without backing down. "You should be saying that to yourself."
"Did you think that by intentionally driving a wedge between me and Stella, Mrs. Waverly would pull her funding? Dream on. Mrs Waverly is optimistic about this project, sh would never withdraw her
investment." 
Asher had worked hard to convince Mrs. Waverly to continue investing. This time,
he was determined to make a stunning comeback.
"What does Mrs. Waverly's funding have to do with me? Let's just compete based on our own merits."
Asher blocked her path. "Lemira, if you choose to side with me now, I'll tell you what
I found out about the Sinclair family."
"I'll find it out myself."
Asher lowered his voice. "Lemira, the lead I found is enough to identify the person in the back of the car that caused the crash, it took me years to find this. Do you really think you can find it in such a short time?" 
Lemira looked up. "Who from the Sinclair family was it?"
"Why should I tell you? You have no power, no influence. Even if you found out, what could you do? Could you touch them?"
Asher's tone was sharp. "You may know Thaddeus and Stella, but can they help you get revenge? In this world, you are nothing! The only way you can get revenge is through me, through the Langston family!"
###Chapter 695
Lemira stared at him. "Rely on you? You've made no progress for years. Mom and Dad would be rolling in their graves."
"That's because the Langston family developed too slowly! Do you think it's easy to investigate the truth and deal with these powerful families?"
Asher said through gritted teeth, "If you don't do as I say today, you'll never know who was in the back of that car."
"But the Sinclairs weren't in Lyria that day. So you're lying. You haven't found anything."
Asher's face changed. "How did you know that?"
How did this damn girl find that out!
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "That's none of your business."
Evelina walked over, feigning innocence. "Asher, what are you and Lemmy talking about? The showcase is about to start, and I see a lot of reporters have arrived. Shouldn't we go get ready?"
Asher immediately fell silent. He glanced at Lemira. "Then we'll see. Let's see which one of us finds out first!"
"Fine, we'll see!"
Lemira watched Asher and Evelina's retreating backs. She couldn't wait for that day to come.
Just then, her team leader walked over. "Tsk, what kind of person is he! And he has the nerve to be your brother?"
Lemira gave a cold laugh. "Even family has to settle their accounts."
That day wouldn't be too far off.
Soon, the prototype showcase began. A total of six companies presented their research and development samples.
Lemira glanced at the presentation order. Maple Group was last.
She frowned. "Was this order arranged by the organizers?"
Her team leader replied, "Yes, but this isn't good for us. The Langston Group is right before us, which could easily create a misunderstanding."
"I know."
Lemira guessed Asher had arranged it this way on purpose.
Soon, it was the Langston Group's turn to present their prototype.
At that moment, Evander stood up and walked forward, presenting himself to the audience.
Evelina stood beside him, explaining, "I'm so happy to see him stand on his own two feet again. For so many years, my brother Asher and I have been researching this hoping to help a family member stand tall like a normal person." 
Evander hugged Evelina. "Thank you. I love this gift."
Evelina put on an innocent and harmless expression, weaving a touching story that moved many in the audience.
Lemira watched from the side. A good product did indeed need a good story.
The story between Evelina and Evander illustrated that point perfectly.
Then, it was Maple Group's turn.
Asher approached Mrs. Waverly, his tone smug. "See? Maple Group about to be humiliated. Your
nephew's company is a vele
failure." 
face
"Business competition is brutal. I'll explain things to my sister about the Draven
family. It won't affect our relationship."
Mrs. Waverly looked at the prototype
next to xemira and said loudly," does this prototype look exactly the Same the Langston Groups 
The people around them began to murmur, "That's right, they do look identical."
"Their function descriptions also sound very similar. Could it be plagiarism?"
Hearing these comments, Lemira continued her presentation calmly.
But just then, Evander suddenly dropped to one knee and proposed to Evelina, holding a bouquet of flowers and a ring.
Instantly, everyone turned to watch, cheering and hollering.
Everyone, including the reporters, was drawn to the spectacle. No one was paying any attention to Lemira.
Evelina feigned surprise, her eyes red as she expressed how moved she was.
Evelina turned her head slightly to shoot Lemira a triumphant look. Everything that happened today had been carefully arranged.
###Chapter 696
Lemira met the two-faced girl's triumphant gaze and sullenly stopped her presentation.
Her team leader came over, fuming. "That girl is so annoying! I can't stand women like her."
Lemira glanced at him. "Don't let them get to you. Our product is the best. They can only resort to these dirty tricks, but consumers aren't stupid. They'll see the difference in quality."
"But their methods are just disgusting. We need to talk to the planning department later and figure out a good way to promote our product."
"The Langston Group will definitely accuse us of plagiarism. We have to be careful."
Lemira tried to call Thaddeus to warn him, but he didn't pick up.
"Trying to contact Thaddeus, are you?"
Asher suddenly appeared beside her. "Unfortunately for you, you won't be able to reach him for the next few days. By the time he gets back, the dust will have settled. Consumers will only know you as plagiarists. And our Langston Group product will be known through a beautiful love story."
Lemira lowered her phone. "So it's true. You people in the corporate world really play dirty."
No wonder Evelina was now a senior executive. They planned to use the fabricated love story between her and Evander to sell their product.
Asher chuckled. "Did you think this was a game? Business competition is brutal."
Lemira sneered. "It's not over yet. How do you know you'll win?"
"Still stubborn, even at the bitter end."
Asher glanced at an approaching official. "I'm the one who reported Maple Group for plagiarism and patent infringement."
"Impossible. Our company has patented all our technology. There's no infringement."
Of this, Lemira was certain.
Asher produced a patent application certificate, speaking casually. "Here's the proof."
When Lemira reached for the certificate, Asher pulled it away.
He put the document away and addressed the official. "Before I make this public, I hope you will disqualify Maple Group from the bidding process. If any unpleasant news gets out, it will be bad for the city's reputation." 
"Mr. Langston, we will certainly handle this matter."
The official turned to Lemira. "Please remove your company's prototype for now. We'll discuss it after the event."
"This is unfair! He can just show up with a random patent application and claim we're plagiarists?"
"I said we'll investigate thoroughly after the event. But for now, as a precaution, you must remove your prototype."
The official's face was impatient.
"Hurry sure you're out
up and move it. And
of the way
the
reporters start taking piet
Lemira stared at Asher. "You arranged all of this, didn't you?"
Asher couldn't have pulled this off alone, but if Mrs. Waverly was involved, that was
a different story.
A smirk played on Asher's lips. "To the victor go the spoils. You lost this time. Be a good girl and come back to the Langston family, can eve introduce you to some men from high society. It's time to dump that broke school doctor." 
Lemira glared at Asher's retreating back, seething.
And Thaddeus was unreachable at such a critical moment.
Finally, she took out her phone. There was only one person left who could solve this.
She hadn't contacted Orion since she left the hospital.
But he was a shareholder in the company. She couldn't let everyone's hard work go to waste.
Lemira took a deep breath and dialed his number.
When she heard his deep voice, her heart couldn't help but beat faster.
###Chapter 697
Lemira held her phone, and the noise around her seemed to fade away.
"Is something wrong?"
His voice was as deep and magnetic as ever.
Lemira hesitated before speaking. "Are you free right now? I need your help with..."
"I'm free."
Orion didn't wait for her to finish. He cut the meeting short and stepped outside.
He sounded a little anxious. "Where are you? I'll be right there."
"I'm at the exhibition center for the prototype showcase. There's a problem, and I can't reach Thaddeus, so you were the only one I could call."
"Okay. Don't worry, I'm on my way."
Orion looked at the person who had followed him out, then hung up. "I have an emergency. I have to leave."
"But sir, the meeting isn't over."
"You can chair it. Stick to the bottom line we agreed upon for the negotiation. If they don't accept, we walk."
With that, Orion turned and hurried out of the building.
Lemira looked at her phone after he hung up. If Orion could make it, today's events wouldn't end so easily.
She sent him a text, briefly explaining what had happened.
She couldn't leave to verify Asher's patent claim, but Orion probably could, and quickly.
"What are you doing? Don't touch our prototype! Can you afford to pay for it if you break it?"
Lemira turned to see someone trying to shoo away her colleagues.
She walked over immediately. "You have no right to do this until the matter is properly investigated."
"We're just following orders. They're going to take a group photo here soon. Could you please just move aside a bit? Otherwise you'll
the shot 
in
The team leader rolled up his sleeves, indignant. "We were invited to participate tool Our company. Company used to be the industry leader You'll regret treating us like this!" 
Lemira pulled him back. "Calm down. Let's just move our things to the side for now."
"They're being such bullies! They think they can pull these stunts just because they
have the Waverlies backing them, trying to push us out!"
"Yeah! They just wave some patent document around and kick us out. It's obviously all rigged!"
Lemira looked at them. "Don't worry yet. Just wait."
"Lemira, you can wait until the end of time, but it won't do any good."
Evelina walked over, holding a
bouquet of roses, and kicked the et
prototype. "Does this piece of junk really think it can compete with the Langston Group?" 
"Eve is right. Lemira, I suggest you leave that failing company before you get dragged down with it."
Evander also approached, his steps a bit slow.
Lemira glanced at his leg and clicked her tongue. "You're not feeling well, are you? A
bit of a burning sensation, perhaps?"
"What do you mean by that?"
Evander's eyes were wary. How did Lemira know what he was feeling?
Lemira smiled. "A burning sensation means it's bleeding. You should probably check
it."
Evander instinctively bent down to lift his pant leg, but Evelina stopped him.
She said cautiously, "Don't listen to her. If a reporter catches that on camera, they'll twist the story."
Evander abandoned the idea of checking, but the uncomfortable feeling in his leg persisted, the pain growing more intense.
He looked at Evelina. "Eve, I think I need to go rest for a bit."
"We have to take a group photo and do interviews later. Just hold on a little longer. We can't leave."
###Chapter 698
Evelina had no intention of letting Lemira see them flustered and giving her an opportunity to make a scene.
Evander understood what she meant. He whispered, "Could I at least sit in a wheelchair for a little while?"
"Evander, you can stand now. What do you need a wheelchair for?"
Evelina took his arm. "Don't let Lemira's words scare you. Our product is the best; there won't be any problems. Let's go."
Lemira watched the sweat bead on Evander's forehead. He was clearly uncomfortable.
It figured. In her past life, Evelina had jealously forced her way into the Al project and participated in the prototype development.
The first prototype back then had also been tested by Evander, and it had been extremely uncomfortable for him.
At the time, Lemira couldn't stand by and suggested they switch to a different prototype.
But Asher had accused her of trying to steal Evelina's credit, and Evander had insisted Evelina's design was fine and that she was the one causing problems.
This time, Lemira decided to just watch and see what happened.
She was curious to see just how much Evander was willing to endure for his "true love," Evelina.
As Evelina and Evander walked over, reporters swarmed them, cameras flashing. Evelina basked in the attention, her smile elegant and poised.
Now that Dorian had broken up with her and blocked all her contact information, her only chance was with the Langston family.
A reporter asked Evelina, "Ms. Sterling, we hear that Maple Group's lead technician
is your sister, yet your two companies are competitors with such similar prototypes. Is there a reason for this?"
Evelina sighed dramatically. "My
sister has always been competitive with me. She wanted to be part of this project, but her performance wasn't up to par so Asher had to remove her. That's why she went to another company and... well, she may have accidentally leaked our company's design." 
"So are you saying Maple Group plagiarized your design?"
Evelina didn't answer directly. "I believe everyone saw our presentation just now.
You should all have a clear idea of whose product is superior."
"You're lying!"
Lemira strode forward angrily. "You're the ones who copied us!"
Evelina's eyes instantly reddened. "Lemmy, know you want to prove yourself to our family, but you don't have to betray us to do it. At this
point, we can no longer cover for
you." 
The team leader shouted in fury, "You liar! You're the copycats! You bribed one of our technicians and only copied the appearance of our product. Can you even explain the internal parameters?" 
"Of course we know our own product's specifications."
Evelina looked heartbroken. "But Lemmy, stolen things will never truly be yours. If you keep this up and things get out of hand, no one will be able to save you."
Asher stepped forward, stopping in front of Lemira. "Eve is right. It's not too late to turn back. I won't press charges for leaking trade secrets."
Lemira looked up, her gaze cold as she stared at Asher. "You two are truly shameless."
"Sigh, Lemira, what have you become? Asher is so disappointed in you."
Asher reached out to pat Lemira's head. "I miss the obedient girl you used to be."
"Don't touch her!"
Orion grabbed Asher's arm forcefully, his eyes like ice. "Get your filthy hands off her!"
###Chapter 699
Lemira turned her head and saw Orion, a smile gracing her lips.
He was here.
But Asher just sneered. "Lemira, if you're going to call for backup, at least call someone useful. What's the point of bringing a nobody here?"
A man with no power or status was completely useless.
Lemira actually laughed at his words. "It seems Mrs. Waverly didn't tell you the whole story."
"What do you mean?"
Asher shook off Orion's hand and looked around, but Mrs. Waverly was nowhere in sight.
He found it a bit strange.
"It means that your so-called patent application is only for the external design. The internal technology and specifications are completely different."
Orion produced a document. "This is the patent I found. I'm sure the reporters here would be interested in seeing it."
Asher stared at the patent information. He hadn't expected this useless doctor to have some skills, to get his hands on the patent application so quickly.
He laughed it off. "That's because my dear sister Lemira betrayed me, went to your Maple Group, and rushed to register the patent first."
Lemira hadn't expected him to have that excuse ready.
Orion replied calmly, "The phrase 'rushed to register' is quite ridiculous. Are you saying that after Lemira left the Langston family, your company didn't bother to apply for a patent for all this time? And only after Lemira spent months developing a breakthrough and filed her patent did you suddenly decide to file for one that was identical to hers?"
The reporters in the crowd began to whisper among themselves.
Orion continued, "The truth is, you couldn't develop it at all. Otherwise, why wouldn't you have rushed to register the patent first?"
Asher was fuming. He turned to the event organizer. "I think we should have this disruptive individual removed. Nothing he says makes any logical sense."
The organizer immediately called for security, who surrounded Lemira and Orion.
Asher looked at Orion, his voice low. "Just a broke doctor with a sharp tongue. You should have been a lawyer; you might have made more money."
"It seems Mr. Langston likes to measure a person's worth by their power and wealth."
Orion pushed Asher's hand away, his eyes filled with arrogance.
"What else is there? Lemira may have called you for help, but unfortunately for her,
a bottom-feeder like you can't change anything."
Asher poked Orion in the chest. "And another thing, I hate that arrogant look in your eyes. You're just a pauper with nothing to your name. What right do you have to be so cocky?" 
"Stop it!"
Lemira shoved Asher away. "Don't you point at him."
"Well, look at you, so protective of him. Too bad you brought a useless man who can't help you!"
Asher's expression was wild as he turned to the organizer. "What are you waiting for? Get him out of here! And while you're at it, publicize my sisters plagiarism so she can never work in this industry again! 
Orion's cold eyes swept over them. "I'd like to see anyone try." "Hahaha, you talk big, but what's the use?"
Asher pointed at Lemira, laughing. "You should have listened to your brother Then you wouldn't have ended up in this mess. No one can save you now Even Thadetis can't get back in time to- AHHH!!!" 
Orion twisted Asher's hand, forcing him away from Lemira.
His eyes were dark with cold fury, his voice glacial. "You're just as repulsive as ever."
"Let go! I said, let go of me!"
Asher's face was pale with pain as he cursed, "You're in big trouble now, you know that?"
Orion punched Asher in the face, then kicked him, sending him flying.
Asher crashed into an exhibition display and collapsed.
Orion strode forward and stomped on Asher's hand. "Didn't I tell you your hands were filthy and not to point at Lemmy? It seems you have a hearing problem!"
His eyes were a murky storm. With a slight increase in pressure, Asher's arm snapped.
"AHHH!!!"
Asher screamed in agony.
Evelina rushed over. "What are you doing? Let go of my brother!"
Evander shouted furiously, "You broke loser, you're dead! You assaulted him! The
Langston family will make sure you rot in prison!"
###Chapter 700
Orion stood there, feeling a long-absent craving for a cigarette.
He turned his head and saw Lemira, and his expression softened.
Lemira met his angry, blazing eyes and slowly walked toward him. "Don't. It's not worth it."
They'll use it against you.
Only then did Orion release his foot. He shouldn't have lost control like that in front of Lemira.
Asher scrambled up from the floor, glaring venomously at Orion. "You are so dead. Absolutely!"
Just then, Mrs. Waverly hurried in, flanked by several people who immediately began confiscating everyone's phones and cameras, including the reporters'.
Mrs. Waverly addressed her men, "Clear the room. And make sure you delete everything from their phones and cameras."
Nothing that happened here today could get out.
Soon, all non-essential personnel were escorted away.
Evelina helped Asher over to Mrs. Waverly. "Mrs. Waverly, you saw what he did to my brother. We have to hold him accountable for this and ruin Maple Group's reputation."
But Mrs. Waverly didn't even glance at them. Her eyes were fixed on Orion. "Was this really necessary? It's just business competition. There was no need for violence."
It was only after seeing Orion resort to violence that Mrs. Waverly realized just how important that girl Lemira was to him.
Orion rolled up his sleeves, revealing his powerful forearms.
His features were stone-cold as he walked right up to Mrs. Waverly, looking down at her. "Your judgment in picking partners is truly terrible. No wonder all your investments have been losing money lately. You've even stooped to selling off Stella and trying to get your hands on your niece's shares."
Mrs. Waverly's face turned ashen. "Mr. Everhart, watch your words."
"You have three days to cut all ties with Asher. Otherwise, I can't say what I might do."
Mrs. Waverly's tone was sharp. "Do you have to be so ruthless? Can't you leave anyone a way out?"
"Move."
Orion's gaze was fixed on Mrs. Waverly, his profile sharp as ice.
Mrs. Waverly gritted her teeth and stepped aside.
Asher, watching from the side, was stunned. Mrs. Waverly had actually backed down?
Something felt very wrong, but he couldn't put his finger on it.
Evelina couldn't help but speak up. "Mrs. Waverly, why are you afraid of a broke doctor?"
"Yeah, Mrs. Waverly, don't tell me you're scared just because the guy can fight?" Evander was just as confused.
At that moment, several middle-aged men in suits entered the hall.
The event organizer's face paled. "Mr. Mayor, what are you doing here? I'm so sorry,
there was a disturbance, but I've already called the police."
"You imbecile! Who told you to call the police!"
The mayor slapped the organizer
across the face, then hurried over to
Orion, his tone respectful. "Mr.
Eve
my apologies. The
organizer is new and didn't
velmet
recognize you. He meant noo
offense." 
The organizer was completely dumbfounded. Who was this man?
Mr. Everhart?
In all of Orvin, the only Mr. Everhart who commanded such respect from the mayor was... the one from the Everhart family.
Orion stood his ground, his voice
devoid of emotion. "Your organizer, based on a single design patent, tried to kick my company's people out wonder how big of a bribe he took to be so bold." S to'FindNovel.net
It was obvious Mrs. Waverly had arranged everything in advance.
The organizer's face went white. He quickly explained, "This was all set up by Mrs. Waverly! I was just following Mr. Langston's instructions! I didn't know about the patent issue!"
"Useless fools!"
The mayor berated the organizer,
then turned back to Orion
respectfully. "I will personally
reorganize today's showcase.
guarantee no negative press will get
out, you have my word!"Content
"The Langston family has a history of stealing our company's ideas, and now they've plagiarized our prototype."
Orion looked at Asher. "A trash company like this doesn't deserve to be here."
Asher finally exploded in a fit of rage. "Who the hell are you!"
"He's the Everhart heir!" Mrs. Waverly said, her voice heavy.
###Chapter 701
Lemira Langston stood rooted to the spot, staring at the man who had been the golden child since birth.
Next to her, Asher Langston's mind went completely blank. He turned to the official who had just spoken. "What did you just say?"
Who did you say Orion Everhart was again?
Evelina Sterling said in disbelief, "He said Orion is the Everhart heir. Oh, right, they're both Everharts."
But how could that be?
Wasn't Orion just some broke doctor? How could he possibly be the Everhart heir? Why would someone like that care about Lemira?
Evander Langston echoed her shock. "There are so many Everharts in the world. They can't all be heirs, can they?"
Evelina swallowed hard. But then why was the mayor treating Orion with such respect?
Something was seriously off.
Lemira laughed out loud and walked directly to Orion's side. "Yes, I thought it was incredible at first too."
This man, born with every privilege in Rome, had chosen to become a school doctor.
Asher took two shaky steps back. "No way. That's impossible!"
Evander nodded quickly. "Yeah, maybe this guy is just pretending."
Evelina hurriedly turned to Mrs. Waverly. "But Mrs. Waverly must know the Everhart heir-she knows exactly who he is!"
Mrs. Waverly would definitely see through this lie.
Asher stared at Mrs. Waverly, demanding, "Who is this man?"
"Who is he? Didn't you all just hear it?"
Mrs. Waverly shot Asher a look of utter disdain. "The Waverlys' party has been going on all this time, and you haven't heard a single rumor? I must have been blind
to ever think you wouldn't let me down. Turns out you really are just a useless freeloader!"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean you've been so desperate to climb your way into high society. And your own sister's boyfriend is the Everhart heir-such a golden opportunity, and you completely missed it!"
Mrs. Waverly's voice was biting with sarcasm. "Too bad you blew it! You kept calling him a nobody, but the real nobody here is you!"
Asher's face turned pale in an instant.
He stumbled backward in shock, glancing at Orion. He couldn't believe this man was truly the Everhart heir.
Suddenly, a chill ran down his spine.
If this man really was the Everhart
heir, then he was finished. If he'd et
offended the Everhart family, there'd be nowhere for him in Orvin, 
Evelina's voice grew shrill, almost hysterical. "How is this possible!"
Jealousy and resentment bubbled up inside her.
How could that wretch Lemira be so lucky?
Asher spun around and glared at
f
Lemira "You've known all along, haven't yo That this man wa really the Everhart heir?" .net>
No wonder Lemira had been so brazen ever since she left home-she had someone powerful backing her.
“I only found out recently. If you hadn't passed out at the Waverlys' party, you might have already realized who he was."
Asher stormed up to her, furious. “Lemira, did you enjoy watching me make a fool of myself?"
Lemira saw the veins standing out in his bloodshot eyes, burning with rage.
She gave a small, crooked smile. "To be honest, it was pretty entertaining."
After all, the more Asher had looked down on Orion, the harder reality was hitting him now.
Especially for a social climber like Asher-losing such a huge opportunity must sting more than anything.
"Lemira, you—”
Asher charged forward, wanting to press her further.
But Orion stepped between them, shoving Asher away, his voice like ice. Don't get so close. If you want to beg for forgiveness, get t your knees and apologize. Isn't that
on
what you people do best?"
Asher stumbled back a few steps, glaring at Orion with a mixture of resentment and humiliation.
Evander and Evelina were completely stunned, frozen in place.
Evelina's voice was barely more than a sob. “This can't be happening. It's
impossible."
###Chapter 702
Even now, she couldn't bring herself to accept what was happening.
The man who used to be a penniless school doctor had suddenly become the heir to the Everhart family-the most powerful family in Orvin!
Did this mean Lemira was about to live her own real-life Cinderella story?
Why her? What made Lemira so special?
Evander immediately lost his nerve. "Asher, what are we supposed to do now?"
He never would have guessed that Lemira's broke boyfriend actually came from such a powerful background!
There was no way the Langston family could afford to cross the Everharts now.
“How should I know? All these years I've busted my a*** for the Langston family, and what do I have to show for it?" Asher was on the verge of breaking down.
There wasn't a single person in the family who could actually help him; they were all just holding him back.
Mrs. Waverly stepped forward and addressed Orion, "My people have already taken care of everything. Nothing that happened tonight will get out. I'll be leaving now."
Mrs. Waverly realized that, after tonight, there was no way to turn things around. She needed to start distancing herself from the Langstons.
As soon as Mrs. Waverly left, another group of people entered the room.
Debby walked straight up to Lemira and Orion. "We've secured the premises, Mr. Everhart. What are your instructions?"
Orion finally turned, resting his hands gently on Lemira's shoulders. "It's over now."
Lemira reached up and wiped a smear of blood from his cheek. She'd never expected Orion to be so fierce when he fought.
He took her hand in his. "Did I scare you?"
"No. But when you first taught me boxing, you said you were just an amateur. Do amateurs usually have skills like that?"
After she finished speaking, Lemira turned to face the Langstons.
She walked over to Asher. "My sweet, na?ve Asher, what are you thinking now? Just
a moment ago, you were poking the heir to Orvin's most powerful family in the chest, calling him a nobody."
Asher stumbled back a few steps, pain shooting through his broken arm.
He gritted his teeth. "So now it's your turn to laugh at me, huh, you brat?"
"That's why I always say: you never know who will come out on top until the very end."
Lemira glanced at the prosthesis on Evander's leg. "The ones being thrown out now are you—not me! And without Mrs. Waverly's investment, how long do you really think you'll last?"
With such a terrible product and no funds, the Langston Group's latest project was destined for disaster.
Asher staggered back, humiliated and resentful.
Evander, unable to hold back, stepped forward. "Lemira, you can't possibly be this heartless to your own family, can you?"
"Family? Do you really think you deserve to call yourselves that?"
Lemira's eyes were full of mockery. "Weren't you all just ganging up on me, trying to kick me out?"
Evander had nothing left to say.
Just then, Evelina approached, her tone syrupy sweet. "Lemmy, now that you have Mr. Everhart backing you, your life is so much better. All we can do is envy you and ask for your help Why do you have to be so ruthless?" 
A cold smile curled on Lemira's lips. "Oh? So you want to beg me for help?"
Evelina nodded eagerly, then walked over to Orion, her eyes soft and full of calculated charm. "Mr. Everhart she said in a gentle, delicate voice, "you and I have known each other for a while now. Lemmy is still Langston. If the Langston Group goes bankrupt, that wouldn't do her
the
any favors, either." 
Lemira watched Evelina act the demure damsel in front of Orion, those restless eyes of hers practically glued to him.
Lemira's anger surged.
She strode forward. “But if the Langston family doesn't go bankrupt, what good does that do me?"
"There are still benefits," Evelina
replied, flicking her hair in a way that
made Lemira's skin crawl. "After all
Mr. Everhart comes from such
an
prestigious family. If your own background looks too shabby in
Comparison, it wouldn't reflect well,
would it?" 
FindNovel.net
The next moment, the two-faced girl looked up at him with a sweet, submissive
expression and simpered, "Mr. Everhart, don't you think I'm right?"
###Chapter 703
Here is your carefully revised English translation, with cultural adaptation, idiomatic language, and attention to detail, all in line with your requirements:
The moment Lemira saw that two-faced girl shamelessly flirting with Orion, she strode forward and yanked Evelina aside.
She said coldly, "Don't make a scene here. Your fiancé is right over there he's not dead yet, you know!"
Evelina's shamelessness truly knew no bounds.
"Lemmy, you've misunderstood me. It really hurts that you'd think of me that way," Evelina said, her eyes immediately filling with tears, her voice trembling with wounded innocence. “I'm just saying this for your own good. If you marry Mr. Everhart, the Langston family will be your only family-your only support." "Don't flatter yourself. As if any of you could be counted on," Lemira shot back. She had to admit, Evelina's ability to adapt was impressive.
Just then, Evelina, still sniffling, went over to Asher. "Asher, Lemmy really has the wrong idea about me."
Asher let out a cold snort. "Serve you right for sucking up to people who have no interest in you. You had it coming."
Evelina's expression stiffened-she hadn't expected Asher to say that!
Didn't he want to smooth things over, hoping Orion would let the Langston Group off the hook?
If the Langston Group actually went bankrupt, what would happen to her plans? She hadn't even gotten her hands on the money yet!
Seeing this, Lemira let out a laugh. "Hear that, Evelina? Asher's always been too proud to ever admit he's wrong. You'll never see him bow his head."
Asher spoke icily. "Lemira, I did underestimate you. But don't think I'm going to give up that easily."
The idea of apologizing now was unthinkable.
Asher had been proud his whole life; there was no way he'd bow to a man he looked down on. That would be worse than death.
Lemira nodded. "Perfect. I'd like to see how long a company that only knows how to play dirty can last."
"I raised you using those so-called dirty tricks, didn't I? The food you ate, the clothes you wore wasn't it all my money?" Asher retorted.
Lemira shot him a look. "First of all,
my tuition was paid by the
foundation my parents set up. As for living expenses, you took all the family money for your own business including what should have been my inheritance. I'm not even charging you interest; that more than makes us even!" 
She'd scraped by for years-her life couldn't have been more different from Evelina's.
Asher protested angrily, “That's impossible! I spent so much money on you!"
"Really? All the money you spent went to Evelina. If you don't believe me, just ask Lucian!"
Lemira fixed him with a steady gaze. "I don't owe you anything."
From the side, Evander chimed in, "Lemira, what's wrong with that money going to Eve? She deserves it! You're just being petty and small-minded!”
Lemira looked at Asher. "Hear that? Whoever you spent that money on, you can go ask them for it. Don't even think about coming after me."
Asher was so furious he couldn't get a word out.
He glanced at the two deadweights, Evelina and Evander, and felt his headache intensify.
He snapped, "Why are you still standing here? Want to embarrass yourselves even more?"
Evelina was reluctant to leave. She glanced back at Orion, regret shining in her eyes. If only she'd known who he really was, she would have made her move long ago.
Then Lemira wouldn't have gotten so lucky.
Evelina turned to Orion and said, "Mr.
Everhart, know Asher was wrong, but he was only following Mrs. Waverly's instructions You eart blame everything on the Langston family!" 
Orion's gaze was icy. "You're not even worthy of speaking to me."
Evelina's smile froze on her face. "Mr. Everhart, I know you have some misunderstandings about the
Langston family because of what happened before, but Lemmy and I will always be family If you and
Lemmy end up together, the Langston family will always be her home base." 
Let me know if you'd like any further tweaks or if you have other chapters to work
on!
###Chapter 704
Evelina was now eagerly hoping that Lemira and Orion would end up together.
If that happened, the Langston family's social standing would rise, and she'd have the chance to mingle with even wealthier people—maybe even steal someone away from Lemira herself.
When Lemira heard Evelina's words, she strode forward and slapped her across the face.
Evelina immediately burst into tears. “Lemmy, I was only saying all that for your own good!"
Lemira sneered. “You know exactly what your intentions are. Do you really think every man will fall for your little act?"
“Lemmy, I'm engaged now-why would I have any designs on Mr. Everhart?"
Evelina quickly looked at Orion. "Mr. Everhart, Lemmy's always been hot-tempered. Please don't misunderstand her."
That tone only made Lemira angrier.
Orion caught the flash of anger on Lemira's face, and a hint of a smile flickered in his eyes.
So, she did still care about him.
Orion stepped over to Lemira's side, fixing Evelina with a cold look. “Lemira's right. With acting skills like yours, you should be in show business. I'm not blind, you know."
Evelina's expression turned awkward. “It was all just a misunderstanding.”
"Eve, come here! Stop trying to kiss up to them. Have some self-respect! Lemira just wants to see us humiliated so she can gloat."
Evander went to pull Evelina away, but a sharp pain shot through his leg. He stumbled and collapsed to the ground, his prosthetic limb coming off with a clatter.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "Looks like your company's product quality is pretty mediocre. No amount of made-up love stories can cover that up."
Evander called out to Evelina for help. "Eve, help me up!"
Evelina glanced at him on the ground with a flash of disgust in her eyes, but still went over to help him up.
She turned back to Lemira. "This isn't about product quality-Evander just isn't used to the prosthesis yet, thats why he fell. Don't go spreading mors content 
Lemira looked at Evander. "You sure can endure a lot, can't you?"
Asher shot Lemira a hard look. “Just wait-you'll see. Our company isn't going to lose."
"Stop right there. Who said you could leave?"
Orion's voice was icy as he stared at the Langston family. “You think you can just slander someone and walk out like nothing happened?"
"What do you want, then?"
Asher faced Orion, but he could no longer keep up his usual arrogant front, and that made him even angrier.
Evelina quickly interjected, “Mr.
Everhart, Asher is injured now, and
you're the one who did it. If this gets out it hurt your reputation even
more. Why don't we just call it even?" 
"That's right," Evander added, looking pointedly at Orion. “If you keep pushing this, you could be charged with assault. If the Everhart family gets caught up in that kind of negative press, the damage would be even worse." 
Orion's gaze turned ice-cold. "Why don't we see about that?"
“Asher, let's go. I'd like to see what this so-called Mr. Everhart thinks he can do!"
Evander grabbed Asher, intending to leave, but Asher didn't budge. He stared at Orion. "What exactly do you want?"
"According to your family's old traditions, if you want mercy, you need to apologize."
Orion looked straight at Asher. "This is something your family has always excelled at. Now it's finally your turn-you should know exactly how it works."
Asher's face darkened. "In your dreams."
"So you want to do this the hard way? Fine," Orion said, beckoning with his hand. "I'm curious to see if your legs are as tough as your mouths."
At his signal, several large, imposing men surrounded them.
###Chapter 705
Lemira was taken aback by what she just witnessed.
As people began to gather around, Asher let out a cold snort. "Orion, what exactly are you trying to do?"
Evelina looked frightened, her voice trembling. "Mr. Everhart, what is the meaning of this?"
Evander added, “Lemira, do you realize what you're doing is against the law?"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold, mocking smile. "I know."
"And yet you're still doing it?"
"But weren't you all enjoying yourselves just a moment ago when you were playing dirty tricks?" she replied.
Lemira turned to the Langston family. "No matter what he does, he has the power to deal with the consequences. But you? You don't."
She walked up to Asher, looking him straight in the eye. "This is Orvin. If you don't have power or influence here, you have no choice but to bow your head."
Asher clenched his jaw in anger.
"What's wrong? Does hearing that make you angry? Make you uncomfortable?" Lemira's gaze was filled with open mockery as she watched Asher's reaction. Forcing down his fury, Asher said, “Lemira, what do you actually want?"
"You don't need to ask her ask me," Orion interrupted, stepping beside Lemira and staring down Asher. "Aren't you always the one who loves using your status to suppress Lemira? Well, today, you get to experience what that's like."
He reached for Lemira's hand and stepped back with her.
Immediately, the bodyguards forced the Langston family members to the ground.
Asher tried to resist. "Let go! You have no right to do this!"
A bodyguard delivered a sharp kick to the back of Asher's knee, forcing him to kneel.
Meanwhile, Evelina and Evander had already been pinned to the floor.
Evelina's face was streaked with tears as she pleaded, “Lemmy, I know you've never liked me, but you can't humiliate Asher and Evander like this."
Lemira looked down at the Langstons from above. "No wonder you all like making people kneel and apologize. Turns out it feels pretty good-especially seeing how unwilling you are to do it."
Asher glared up at Lemira. “I'm still your brother!"
How could he let himself be forced to kneel to her?
Seeing how rattled he was, Lemira's lips curled up in amusement. “Isn't it a little pathetic to say that now?"
Orion cut in, “So now you remember
you're her brother? But have you
ever done a single thing a real- brother should do? Aren't you embarrassed to even claim the title?" 
The team leader standing nearby added, “Exactly! If I had a little sister
who was a top student and so
keep
talented, cherish her and ingr
close but you? You did everyt
you could to keep her down, just
because you were afraid she'd
outshine you." 
"That's what we call emotional manipulation-afraid your sister would be too successful for you to control, so you use family ties as an excuse to hold her back!"
Orion said coolly, "See? Even outsiders can tell. As her brother, you're worse than a stranger."
Asher's face twisted with rage. "Are you happy now?"
Lemira glanced at the bodyguards. "Let them go."
The bodyguards looked to Orion for confirmation. His tone was even. "Do as she says."
At his word, the bodyguards released their grip.
Asher scrambled to his feet, his appearance disheveled and humiliated. He shot Lemira a glare. "I really underestimated you. Well played."
Evelina rushed to smooth things over. "Lemmy, you know how Asher's temper is. Please, ask Mr. Everhart not to hold this against us."
"No need," Asher snapped, still fuming. “Even if the Langston Group goes bankrupt, I'll never stoop to begging them!"
Evelina looked genuinely anxious.
But Asher turned and stormed off, his retreating figure as pitiful as a drenched stray dog.
Evelina was left frustrated. Evander tugged her sleeve. "Let's just go. Do you really want to stay here and be humiliated?"
Reluctantly, Evelina followed, thinking to herself that the Langston Group couldn't go under yet-otherwise, how would she get any money?
Lemira watched the Langstons' defeated retreat and said, "I never thought I'd see the day Asher ended up like this."
The more arrogant Asher was before, the more pathetic he looked now.
Orion glanced at her. "I'm sorry. I should've arrived earlier at the last party."
"This had nothing to do with you,” Lemira replied.
She knew that everything that happened today was thanks to Orion.
Just then, the mayor approached and said, “Mr. Everhart, I promise to thoroughly investigate what happened at the showcase and give you a full account."
###Chapter 706
Here is the revised translation, carefully polished for accuracy, fluency, and cultural adaptation, and ensuring all instructions and restrictions are followed:
"It's not just me you have to answer to it's Maple Group," Orion corrected. "If rumors of shady dealings get out, how will the city attract future investors?"
"Mr. Everhart is absolutely right. We will deal with this matter seriously," the mayor replied.
He turned to the official in charge. "Let's go. Bring everyone involved in for questioning."
The official's face turned ashen.
Lemira addressed the Maple Group team. "Let's pause here for today. We'll decide on our next steps once the investigation results come in."
The team leader shot a nervous glance at Orion. Who would have thought this was the legendary Everhart heir? With him present, how could Maple Group possibly run into trouble?
Orion added, "Everyone will get a thorough explanation for what happened today."
The team leader nodded quickly. "We'll take our leave then."
Once her colleagues had packed up and left, Lemira finally turned to Orion. "If it weren't for you, we all would have been thrown out just now. Mrs. Waverly really doesn't pull any punches—she even managed to get Thaddeus Draven out of the way."
If Thaddeus had been here, none of this would have happened.
"Mrs. Waverly lost a lot of money on recent investments, so she's desperate to make this project work. That's why she's resorting to such extreme tactics. In the past, she would never have risked crossing Thaddeus like this."
"No wonder she was in such a rush to have Stella Waverly and Asher get engaged -she wanted to lock things down for her own purposes!"
Lemira looked at Orion. "But aren't you worried that by stepping in like this today, you'll end up on Mrs. Waverly's bad side?"
"You think Mrs. Waverly doesn't know that Thaddeus and I co-founded the company?"
"Then why did she send Thaddeus away? Wasn't she worried you'd show up?"
Lemira felt something was off. At the Waverlys' party, Mrs. Waverly had clearly known about her past with Orion.
"It's because Mrs. Waverly found out you visited my grandmother at the hospital. She assumed there was a falling out between us and took a gamble that I wouldn't come to help you."
Orion watched her closely. "Thaddeus will handle things with Mrs. Waverly. But I wanted to hear your thoughts."
"My opinion is that we can't let the Langston family go bankrupt—at least, not yet."
Lemira looked at him. "Debby probably told you my plan. Evelina is now heading up this project and will soon be controlling a large sum of money. I want to follow the trail and see where it leads."
"I get it. If we let them off too easily now, whoever's behind the scenes might get suspicious."
Lemira nodded. "Exactly. We have to play this whole thing out. I'm curious
whether Mrs. Waverly will pull
out of her investment with the Langston family content 
"I doubt it. Mrs. Waverly will probably try to get my mother involved and appeal to emotion."
"And on my side, someone from the Langston family will probably reach out to me. We'll see how they act, and then decide how to respond."
After saying this, Lemira glanced at Orion. "Well, I should get back to campus." "I'll give you a ride."
"No need. The subway is quick and easy."
She stepped back a few paces, hesitating. "Thank you for what you did today."
"So how do you plan to thank me?" Orion pressed, his eyes lingering on her, a trace of nervousness in his voice.
Lemira tilted her head at him. "Mr. Everhart, you're a co-owner of the company. I thank you, and you're already getting carried away?"
Orion gave a helpless smile. "You're getting sharper by the day."
"Alright, I'm heading out. I'll stop by
the office tomorrow to keep testin et artotypes there are s s that need improvew
the
With that, Lemira turned and left.
She looked up at the sky outside, swallowing the bitterness in her heart.
Lemira went straight back to campus and told her friends all about what had happened.
Stella and Oanice were laughing so hard their stomachs hurt.
Stella said, "For Asher, this must have been a total disaster. For someone so arrogant, his pride must be shattered."
"Yeah, it was pretty satisfying to witness," Lemira agreed.
She had never seen Asher look so miserable.
Just then, Lemira's phone rang. It was Asher.
She glanced at the screen, but didn't pick up.
A second later, a text message popped up: [Lemira, if you don't answer, I'll destroy everything Mom and Dad left you! That includes all their keepsakes! 
###Chapter 707
Lemira saw the message, a cold smile tugging at the corner of her lips.
As expected—this was just like Asher, desperate and reckless when pushed to the edge.
She glanced at her phone and replied: [If you destroy what Mom and Dad left me, I'll destroy you. You know I'm more than capable of it.]
No sooner had she sent the message than Asher started calling her repeatedly. Lemira glanced at the incoming calls but didn't answer.
Stella spoke up, "Asher's probably going to find a way to force your hand. This project is a big deal to him. I remember hearing Edith talk to him about it—he's poured a lot of money into this. If it fails, his company's going to be in trouble.” “He'll have to face the consequences of his own actions,” Lemira replied calmly. She had already made up her mind: she would let Asher off the hook this time, but she wanted to see him fall into an even deeper pit soon enough.
Oanice came over, grinning. “So, what's the deal with you and Mr. Everhart? His whole heroic rescue moment—it was like something out of a TV show!"
Stella chimed in, testing the waters, "Were you even a little bit moved?"
"It would be a lie to say I wasn't. I'm not made of stone," Lemira admitted with a
sigh. “But things between Orion and me aren't that simple. We can't just think about love. You can't live life that selfishly."
"Honestly, you still feel like things aren't stable between you and Orion, so you're not totally sure of yourself, right?"
Lemira heard this and managed a bitter smile. “Maybe."
She really wasn't sure of herself.
That night, lying in bed, Lemira thought back over everything that had happened that day, Orion's mature and handsome features filling her mind.
Lost in thought, she drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, Lemira was awakened by her phone ringing.
Yawning, she saw it was Debby calling and quickly picked up. "What's up?"
"Check the news! The Langston Group just released footage from yesterday's interview. That love story they fabricated is all over the trending lists."
Lemira unlocked her phone and saw it for herself.
People loved these kinds of beautiful, dramatic romances-and with the male lead's disability as part of the story it added a moving, spirational element that drew even more attention. 
The topic was blowing up, with countless people talking about it online.
Lemira shook her head. "Looks like Asher isn't about to give up on this project."
"We've already reported it to Mr. Everhart, and we'll keep monitoring things on our end," Debby said.
"Alright,” Lemira replied, now wide awake.
Stella had gotten up as well. "I heard
too. It was the Langston
family-they must have paid off a reporter to do this. Looks like they're trying to get ahead by controlling the story. Public opinion is everything now Even if the Langston Group gets exposed for plagiarism later, your company will probably still get targeted by haters." 
"Is the business world really using fan culture tactics now?" Lemira asked, half- joking.
"You wouldn't believe it. Sometimes this kind of hype is even more useful than a multimillion-dollar celebrity endorsement. And since the product is made for people with disabilities, this kind of relatable, touching love story is perfect for advertising," Stella said, a bit worried. "If the Langston Group gets their project out first and builds up name recognition, Maple Group could really fall behind with any future Al products." 
"I know," Lemira replied, her expression serious.
She hadn't expected Asher to make such a preemptive move.
Still, she had a feeling Orion wasn't without his own backup plan.
As she headed to class, Lemira forwarded the trending news article to Orion.
She quickly got a WhatsApp message from him: [Are you free for lunch? Let's meet and talk about work.]
Lemira hesitated: [Can't we just meet at the office?]
[I'm a bit tied up and can't make it to the office. The best I can do is swing by your campus to talk.]
Lemira understood—someone in Orion's position was bound to be busy.
After class, Oanice said, "Want to grab lunch in the cafeteria?"
"I have something to take care of. You and Stella go ahead,” Lemira replied.
She left the school and saw a luxury car parked by the curb. She hesitated, not approaching right away.
Just then, her phone rang-it was Orion. "Get in."
The window rolled down, and Lemira saw his familiar, handsome face.
###Chapter 708
She walked straight over and got into the car, bending down as she entered.
Turning her head, she saw Orion in a deep navy suit, every button fastened with precision. His sleeves were casually rolled up, revealing a luxury watch on his wrist.
Lemira smiled. "I've never seen you dressed like this before."
"Dressed like this?"
He glanced at her. "This is just my usual work attire. Besides, do you really think I need to dress up?"
Lemira glanced at his sharply defined profile. "Fair point. With looks like yours, you could probably make it as a celebrity."
"Think this face could help me win a girlfriend, too?" Orion countered, his gaze fixed on her.
Lemira avoided his eyes. "So, what's your plan for the Langston Group?"
"I could crush them with hardly any effort. But didn't you say we should keep them around a little longer? Mrs. Waverly already arranged dinner with me tonight through my mother, probably to talk about this. I'll put everything on you-Asher will come to you for answers."
"I understand. I'll head back to the Langston Estate tonight."
She caught the concern in his eyes. "I'm just going back to enjoy the show. After all, the real power's in my hands now. I might as well return to the Langston family and let them think they have the upper hand for a while. If we're acting, let's go all in— stir things up and let them bask in their own pride a little longer.”
The higher they soar, the harder they'll fall.
A ghost of a smile played at Orion's lips. “If Asher had any sense, he'd be worshipping you by now."
"Well, I have you to thank for that, Mr. Everhart."
"That's the second time you've thanked me. Aren't you going to think about how to repay me?"
Orion turned toward her, looking at her intently.
Lemira found his gaze a bit overwhelming. She cleared her throat. "I could buy you lunch today."
"I was the one who invited you today. Next time you owe me a meal. Don't forget." Lemira nodded. "Alright, I won't forget."
At that moment, the car stopped outside a restaurant.
Orion opened the door for her. "This place is pretty good. You should give it a try."
They entered a private dining room together.
Lemira glanced at him. "How's your grandmother doing?"
They hadn't spoken for a week.
"She's stabilized quite a bit."
Lemira nodded, leaving it at that.
After they finished eating, the two left the restaurant together. Orion stepped aside to take a phone call.
Lemira waited in the lobby.
"Lemira, you still have the appetite to eat out? I heard your company's latest sample was caught up in a plagiarism scandal. As the person in charge, aren't you the least bit worried?"
Sophia Sinclair walked over, arm in arm with her mother, Mrs. Amelia.
Mrs. Amelia's lips curled in a cold sneer. "Sweetheart, Ms. Langston isn't worried-she's just counting on Orion to clean up her mess. If you cant handle the job don't overreach. Don't embarrass yourself 
Lemira regarded the mother-daughter pair. “Isn't Susanna Sinclair already in custody? If she manages to get out, she'll probably be wearing an ankle monitor, won't she?"
Mrs. Amelia's expression darkened instantly. "You witch! This is all your doing!"
"No, it's not. You just failed to raise your daughter properly. Haven't you heard? Spoil a child, and you ruin them This time it's an ankle monitor—next time who knows, maybe prison." 
Mrs. Amelia looked ready to strike, but Sophia stopped her, turning instead to Lemira. "Ms. Langston, since you're so tough, let's hope the day never comes when you need help from the Sinclair family." 
"Don't worry. That day will never come."
Orion walked over, glancing at the Sinclairs. “Lemira has no reason to ask you for anything. Let's go."
Sophia's face went ghostly pale, her eyes filling with tears. "Orion, is she really that important to you?"
Her voice trembled with emotion. Watching Orion defend Lemira hurt more than anything else.
But Orion didn't look back. He simply took Lemira and walked out of the restaurant. Mrs. Amelia supported her daughter tenderly. "Don't be upset, honey. Those two could never end up together."
Tears welled in Sophia's eyes. "Mom, you're lying to me."
"I'm not lying. The Everhart family was responsible for Lemira's parents' deaths!"
###Chapter 709
Once outside, Lemira turned her head and glanced at Orion.
He lowered his gaze. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Is that really how you talk to them?" Lemira's eyes sparkled with mischief.
His tone was cold. "What's wrong with that? I'm just telling the truth. It's not their place to question me."
Lemira regarded him. "But that woman is your mother's best friend. Aren't you worried your mother will give you a hard time about it later?"
"Are you worried about me?"
Lemira looked away. "Why would I be worried about you? Mind your own business."
Once they got in the car, Orion was on the phone the entire time, switching back and forth between English and German.
Lemira listened from the side, and after Orion finally hung up, she asked, “Business trip coming up?"
"How did you know?"
"I overheard you on the phone. You were talking so loudly, I couldn't help but hear."
Lemira spoke openly, then glanced out the window. "We're here. You should get some rest, too."
She finished and immediately opened the car door to get out. Suddenly, Orion called out, "Take this."
He handed her a shopping bag. Lemira glanced down-it was from a luxury brand. "There's scar cream in there, too."
Before Lemira could say anything, Orion was already gone.
She took a look inside and found a limited-edition black and gold Chanel handbag- a very stylish piece.
Lemira couldn't help but laugh and shake her head as she carried the bag back to her dorm.
But just as she left, someone emerged from the shadows, phone in hand, snapping a photo of Lemira stepping out of the luxury car and receiving the gift.
Well, well. That's going to be big news.
Back in her dorm, Lemira set the bag on her desk. "I'm not coming back tonight. I need to go to the Langston estate."
Stella looked up. "Going to watch the drama? I heard Edith invited Orion over for a talk tonight."
"I know. That's why I'm heading to the Langston estate-to see the show for myself, and maybe do a little negotiating."
After her afternoon classes, Lemira went straight to the Langston estate.
There was no way she'd miss out on this spectacle.
When she arrived, she saw media crews out in the garden, filming.
Naturally, the center of attention was Evelina and Evander.
As Lemira approached, she heard Evelina look at Evander with heartfelt emotion. "I don't mind that he has a problem with his leg, but l still hope that one day he can stand on his own, living fe without the stares of others." 
Evander wore a prosthetic, but his smile was somewhat stiff.
He pulled Evelina into a hug. "That's right. I'm so grateful to have met Eve. She's incredibly talented and capable, and she's done so much to help me stand tall again, just like anyone else." 
A female reporter sighed with envy. "This is just like a novel brought to life. I wish I could have something like this."
Evelina soaked up the admiration.
Lemira walked up and started clapping. "Bravo, bravo. You two really ought to try acting in Hollywood."
Evelina's expression froze when she saw Lemira. *Why did that witch come back?*
Not wanting the reporters to catch anything unfavorable, Evelina quickly said, "That's all for today's shoot. Thank you, everyone, for your hard work." “Plagiarized products and a made-up love story. Truly a match made in heaven,” Lemira remarked.
A reporter turned to her. “Ma'am, what do you mean by that?"
"Exactly what I said. The Langston Group's prototypes are plagiarized, and even their love story is staged a performance for you all."
The female reporter pointed at Lemira indignantly. "Who do you think you are? This is private property, how did you even get in?"
"This is my home. The gate code is my birthday. How else do you think I got in?"
Lemira looked straight at the reporter. "I am the real Ms. Langston. That woman is just an adopted impostor."
Evelina gritted her teeth in anger, but she couldn't lash out for fear of bad press.
Evander immediately stepped in to defend Evelina, shouting at Lemira,
"That's enough! You've been picking
oneve since we were kids. She's your future sister-in-law now. Try bullying her again, and I won't let it
slide." 
###Chapter 710
Evelina nestled herself in Evander's arms, sobbing softly and putting on a show of delicate vulnerability.
A nearby reporter snapped photos with wild enthusiasm. "These two are just too adorable together!"
Lemira glanced over. "You must really be desperate for a story. You'll latch onto anything, but it'll only get you in trouble."
The reporter was about to fire back, but Evelina stepped in smoothly, soothing her and personally escorting the media out.
Watching this from the side, Lemira thought to herself: Evelina truly knew how to put on an act.
Evander puffed up with self-importance. “Lemira, did you see how much attention we're getting today? Even Asher's business partners are showing renewed interest in investing."
Lemira replied coolly, "And what do you think will happen when those investors find out that your company's products are all plagiarized and low-quality? Do you think they'll still want to invest?"
Evander shot back coldly, "It's just the investors' money. If we use it, so what?"
As long as he could see Lemira utterly defeated, he figured any amount of money spent would be worth it.
At that moment, Evelina sauntered over. "Lemira, why are you here now? Did the Everhart family finally toss you aside, so now you're crawling back to the
Langstons?"
Evelina had been so frustrated last night, she hadn't slept a wink.
Why should that woman Lemira have the right to know the heir to the Orvin fortune?
Lemira smirked. "Oh, I almost forgot to mention it was Asher who begged me to come back and discuss a settlement."
With that, Lemira turned and walked into the house, too uninterested to argue further outside.
Evelina and Evander's expressions immediately soured.
Evelina fretted, “Evander, do you think Asher would really want to make peace with Lemira? I thought I had the upper hand Mrs. Waverly already promised she'd help us deal with the Everharts. If that happens, Lemira will be completely on her own. There's nothing to be afraid of."
"You're right. Most likely, Lemira just came back shamelessly. Asher never said anything of the sort. Once he's home, we'll expose her lies."
Evelina smiled, "You're right. I'll message Asher right now and tell him Lemira's back and causing trouble."
After all, it had been Asher who arranged for the reporters. If he found out Lemira had returned and was stirring up trouble, he'd be furious.
Lemira was sitting on the sofa, eating snacks by herself.
Evander strode over, arrogance in his every step. “Lemira, those were for Evelina. Who said you could eat them?"
Without a word, Lemira swept all the food from the table onto the floor.
Evander's face twisted in anger. "What do you think you're doing?"
"This is the Langston household. As the only daughter, Ms. Lemira, do I not have the right to eat here? If I can't, then no one else will either."
Lemira was in no mood to compromise—if she had to feel uncomfortable, then so would everyone else.
"Asher, don't be upset with Lemmy,"
Evelina chimed in just as she
greeted Asher at the door, putting her own dramatic spin on the story. know she's only acting out wont hold it against her." 
Asher's brows knitted together, and he looked ready to scold. But when he caught sight of Lemira's unyielding expression, he held back and softened his tone Evander why are you making such a fuss over some snacks?" 
Evander was stunned. "Asher, you're blaming me? This is clearly Lemira's fault!”
"As the older brother, you should be the bigger person."
Asher turned to Lemira. "I didn't think you'd come back."
"I came to give you a heads-up: the official statement about your company's plagiarism will be out
tomorrow. By then, the so-called et
love story you spun today will be
exposed as nothing more than the shameless tale of copycats." 
Evelina's face turned ashen with anger. “Lemira, how could you?"
"Eve, you're too soft-hearted. If you just gave Lemira a good beating, she'd finally behave!"
Evander lunged at Lemira, intent on teaching her a lesson, but Lemira kicked him
right in his prosthetic leg. The prosthetic flew off and struck Evelina squarely in the face.
Evelina let out a bloodcurdling scream.
###Chapter 711
Not even Lemira had expected things to unfold so perfectly—perhaps even fate itself had finally had enough.
Evander jabbed a finger at Lemira, shouting, "You did that on purpose, didn't you?"
Lemira looked at him, feigning innocence. "I didn't do anything on purpose. That's just karma doing its job."
Evelina clutched her face, suddenly realizing her jaw was off-kilter.
She screamed, "Lemira, you've ruined my face!"
Lemira shot her a glance. "Didn't you say you never had any cosmetic work done? So what's that implant in your chin-were you born with it?"
Evelina burst into tears. "Asher, look at Lemira! If my face is ruined, how am I supposed to appear in commercials or interviews?"
"No need to worry. Once the official statement about your plagiarism goes out tomorrow, your career will be over anyway. You won't have to worry about commercials ever again."
Asher massaged his temples, speaking through clenched teeth. "Mrs. Waverly already set up a meeting with the Everhart family. Do you really think the Orvin heir would risk offending the Waverlies for you?"
"If you're not worried, then why did you call and text me, begging me to come back and talk?"
"Lemira, the circles of the elite are complicated. All they care about is profit. Even if that heir is fond of you, he can't go up against his whole family for your sake."
Lemira's lips curled into a faint smile. "Don't try to fool me with that. The company is co-owned by Orion and Thaddeus-I hold a stake as the tech lead. Mrs. Waverly used illegal means to compete. Do you really think the Everharts care more about their relationship with the Waverlies than their own interests?"
Asher was suddenly at a loss for words.
His tone softened considerably. "So, what do you want to do?"
“Just do what needs to be done. 'To the victor go the spoils'—didn't you teach me that, Asher?"
Lemira stood her ground, unwavering.
Evelina's sobs only grew louder beside them. "Asher, my face hurts so much!"
Evander, limping badly, chimed in, "Asher, shouldn't you be taking Eve to the hospital?"
Asher immediately arranged for a car to take Evelina to the hospital, and Evander followed in his wheelchair.
He shot Lemira a reproachful look. "Lemira, I know you can handle yourself, but did you really have to go that far?"
"Are you blind? Evander was about to hit me. None of you ever treated me like a real person anyway."
There was a cold sarcasm in Lemira's eyes.
Asher fell silent. "Evander's behavior
has always been outrageous. Hete obsessed
any
with Evelina-I can't talk
sense into him. Content, 
"But you also agreed to fabricate
their romance for publicity,
you? Don't pretend, we both.
profit is what you value Je
Lemira's words cut straight to the point, exposing Asher's true nature.
The two sat in a heavy silence, the restaurant growing quieter by the minute.
Halfway through the meal, Asher received a call from Mrs. Waverly.
He glanced at his phone and stepped outside to answer.
Lemira watched him leave, just as she received a message from Orion.
He wrote: [The plan is on track.]
Lemira replied with an “OK” emoji. At that moment, Asher came back inside, his expression grim.
Lemira pretended not to notice and continued eating.
As she set her chopsticks down and prepared to leave, Asher called after her,
just tell me what afte
want. Name your terms." 
Lemira looked up. "I want to see you all ruined and disgraced.”
With that, she headed upstairs, unconcerned with Asher's reaction.
She couldn't give in too easily; she knew Asher would never back down without a
fight.
She was waiting to see what he'd be willing to offer to satisfy her.
Around eleven that night, she saw headlights flicker outside.
Lemira guessed it was Evelina and Evander returning, but she stayed quietly in her room.
###Chapter 712
Asher came straight downstairs, a file in hand.
He glanced at Evelina and Evander. "Perfect timing. I have something to discuss with both of you."
“Asher, I have something to say as well. The doctor said Eve might have permanent scarring on her face. You need to make Lemira take full responsibility for this."
Evelina's face was wrapped in layers of gauze, looking utterly pitiful.
She choked out, "Asher, I still have commercials to film to promote the company. If
my face is ruined, it's the company that'll suffer the most!"
No matter what, she was determined not to let Lemira get away with this.
"Asher, you have to make Lemira apologize to Eve."
Asher sat down on the sofa. "You're right. An apology should come first."
A glimmer of delight flashed in Evander's eyes. He immediately instructed a staff member to call Lemira down.
Lemira had been expecting this and was already waiting. She came downstairs, glanced at Evelina-her head swaddled like a cartoon pig-and allowed herself a faint, mocking smile. "Actually, this look really suits you."
Evelina's eyes blazed with fury. "Do you have any idea how important a woman's face is?"
Her entire career depended on that innocent, harmless face.
And now Lemira had nearly destroyed it!
Evander spoke sharply, "Asher just said it—you have to apologize! And you need to get down on your knees!"
Asher looked at Evander and Evelina. "I meant you two need to apologize."
Evelina's voice trembled with tears. "Asher, this isn't our fault!"
"If you two don't apologize and satisfy Lemira, then tomorrow there will be an official statement about your plagiarism. The Langston Group won't last long, and we'll all end up on the street."
Evelina was so stunned by this that she couldn't even cry.
The Langston Group couldn't go under-what would happen to all her plans?
Evander angrily protested, "Asher, the company isn't going to collapse that easily. I know you can figure out a way."
Asher gave Evander a look that suggested he was hopeless.
He managed to keep his anger in check as he replied, “After offending the Everhart family, do you really think we have any future?"
"But Asher isn't Lemmy the Everhart
heir's girlfriend? As long as
true, there's no
will go bankrupt."
FindNovel.net
“Sure—if Lemira wasn't in a feud with her own family. Isn't that right?"
Asher set the file down in front of Lemira. “These are all the things Mom and Dad left behind. I've organized them and signed off you sign here, they're yours." 
He had hoped to use these as leverage against Lemira.
But now that Lemira had the Orvin heir supporting her, he was the one forced to concede.
Evelina
what the first to understand what Asher meant, and jealousy
near
drove her mad What
did the Everhart heir see in Lemira? 
She told herself she was better than Lemira in both looks and figure.
Reluctantly, Evelina spoke up. “Lemmy, we were wrong before. Please don't be angry."
Evander, however, refused to back down. "I'm not apologizing to her."
Asher shot him a look. “Fine. From today, your credit card is canceled."
"Asher, how can you do this? I have my own inheritance! You can't just cut me off!"
"Well, after the Langston family goes bankrupt, your cards won't work anyway. Might as well get used to it now."
Asher's face was stone-cold; he'd lost all patience for these two fools.
Evelina tugged at Evander's arm-now was not the time for pride.
If the Langston family collapsed, no one would benefit.
So Evelina dragged Evander over to Lemira. “Lemmy, for the sake of family, can you
let this go just this once?"
Lemira's lips curled into a faint smile. "No."
Asher's expression darkened. "Why not?"
“Because you haven't apologized. If this is your idea of sincerity, it's nowhere near enough."
###Chapter 713
Lemira stared at Asher, whose face looked especially grim.
"Lemira, I can apologize to you," Asher said at last, forced now to swallow his pride.
Lemira glanced at the property division documents. “I have one more condition. This villa must be transferred to my name."
Evander jumped in before anyone else could speak. "And why should it? This place is supposed to be Eve's and my future home!"
A marital home? The audacity.
Lemira turned to Asher. "This is my final condition: transfer the villa to me, and the Langston Group's new product launch must happen one month after Maple Group's."
"The villa can be yours, but we can't delay the launch by that much," Asher replied, making his decision without hesitation.
Lemira stood up. "Then there's nothing left to discuss."
She turned to leave, offering no room for compromise.
In the end, Asher relented. "Fine. We'll do it your way."
A one-month delay was still better than bankruptcy.
Evelina, however, was unwilling to let it go. She looked at Evander. "Weren't we supposed to have this villa as our home?"
Evander protested, "Asher, I already promised Eve this villa. You can't give it to Lemira!"
Asher's tone turned icy. “Then you handle this mess. If you can't, keep your mouth shut!"
Evander fell silent. How could he possibly fix this?
Asher quickly drew up a new contract, signed it, and handed it to Lemira. "Is this enough now?"
"That's better. I'm only being this reasonable for the sake of family. If there's a next time, it won't be so easy,” Lemira said, signing the contract without hesitation. She wasn't losing out on this deal.
After all, the Langston Group didn't have much time left anyway.
When Evelina realized the villa now belonged to Lemira, she stormed upstairs in a fury. She'd thought she could walk away with a tidy sum, only for Lemira to intercept it at the last moment.
Evander grumbled and complained, but Lemira simply ignored him and went back to her room to rest.
Looking over what she'd gained, she texted Orion: Negotiations are finished.
She'd barely sent the message before her phone rang-Orion was calling.
Lemira answered, and Orion's deep voice came through the line. "Did you get the assets your parents left you?"
"I did. I even got the Orvin villa. Evelina wanted it as her marital home, but there's no way I'd let that happen!"
That was the part Lemira was most pleased about.
She remembered how, in her previous life, she'd been kicked out of this very villa. Evelina had taken over the master bedroom and lived life of luxury as the true heiress, while she could only envy her from the outside, like a beggar. 
Now, she had finally changed all of that.
Orion's voice was calm. "Congratulations."
Lemira held her phone, asking, "How are things on your end? If you leave the final
decision to me, Mrs. Waverly surely won't be happy."
"It doesn't matter what she thinks. She started playing dirty first. If we didn't still need the Langston Group for now, they'd already be finished. With so much at stake who's really. willing to compromise?" content 
Wasn't it because Mrs. Waverly couldn't bear to lose out that she shamelessly approached the Everhart family in the first place?
Lemira chuckled. "It's all about their own interests, but they're so good at pretending otherwise."
"There's something else you should know," Orion said. "Mrs. Amelia has also been to the dealership recently. For now, be careful and avoid secluded places.”
Lemira immediately became alert. “You think they might make a move against me?" "We can't rule it out. The gloves are off now."
"Good. It's a chance to draw them out. I want to see what's really going on between Mrs. Amelia and that mechanic."
Lemira was more and more convinced that the car accident years ago wasn't as simple as it seemed.
Orion disagreed. "Don't be reckless-it could be dangerous."
"Don't worry, I value my life more than anyone."
Lemira just couldn't forget how miserably she'd died in her past life. The Langstons had raised their enemy's daughter, and for her sake, had driven own flesh and blood
out of the and finally locked
her away in a psychiatric hospital. 
###Chapter 714
The Langston family had been completely outmaneuvered, and in the end, their home was shattered and their family destroyed.
After their conversation ended, a heavy silence fell on both ends of the line.
The man finally spoke: "It's getting late. You should get some rest."
"Alright."
Lemira responded, then hung up the phone.
She glanced at their chat history, and for a moment, it felt as if she were back in
Lyria, as though none of the recent turmoil had ever happened.
Maybe, for now, this really was the best way for them to get along.
Lemira tucked the signed documents under her pillow, finally ready for a good night's sleep.
At least she would sleep well tonight.
But as for some others, she doubted they'd be so lucky. They'd probably be too angry to get a wink of sleep.
The next morning, Lemira woke up feeling refreshed and headed downstairs for breakfast.
As she passed by a room in the hallway, she heard Evelina crying, still clearly dissatisfied.
"Lemira, stop right there!"
Evander, quick to spot her, hurriedly wheeled himself out and called after her. "I need to talk to you about something."
"I'm not interested."
Lemira flatly refused and went downstairs to eat.
Not long after, Evander came down with a tearful Evelina. He looked directly at Lemira and said, "Sell this villa to me."
"How much are you offering?"
Evander replied confidently, “I know you bought this villa for five million. How about I give you double that?"
Lemira burst out laughing. “This place is worth fifty million now, and its value is only going to keep going up."
Besides, this was a famously wealthy neighborhood, home to celebrities and the city's elite.
Villas here were highly sought after and extremely rare.
Evander's face turned red with anger. "Lemira, don't be so
already letting you make el.net unreasonable. We're family! I'
five-million-dollar profit 
"If you can't afford it, stop pretending to be someone you're not."
Lemira shot Evander a look of disdain.
Ten million for a fifty-million-dollar property? He must be dreaming.
After being refused, Evelina immediately complained, “Evander, this is supposed to be our marital home!"
She'd been so upset last night she couldn't sleep, and had gone out of her way to cajole Evander into getting the villa back for her.
Evander looked at Lemira. "Alright, then how about this: I'll put up my shares in the Langston Group as collateral. That should do it, right?"
Evelina chimed in, "Evander's shares are worth way more than fifty million."
Of course, if the Langston Group went bankrupt, those shares would be worthless. Trading them for a villa now was a steal.
Lemira shot Evelina a look—she knew exactly what the "two-faced" girl was plotting. She rolled her eyes. "No way. What are you going to do, bite me?”
"Lemira, you already have a boyfriend like the heir to the Orvin fortune. Why are you still fighting us over this?"
Evelina's tone was dripping with jealousy. "Besides, you could help your own family out in the future."
"My own family? You can barely keep your eyes off Orion. With your scheming, who'd want to call you family?"
Evelina stamped her foot. "That's not
it all wrong I'm
true! You've gonder why would
about
interested in another man?"
If Lemira hadn't exposed her and Evander's secret at the party, Dorian Draven wouldn't have dumped her.
Otherwise, she could have married into the prestigious Draven family and been just as well off as Lemira!
Evander puffed up and insisted, "Lemira, I'm telling you, whether you want to or not, you're selling this villa today!"
"And why's that?"
"Because I'm your brother, and she's your sister-in-law!"
Lemira rolled her eyes so hard they nearly disappeared. “Oh, please. Have you no shame?"
With a half smile, Lemira looked at Evander. "Tell you what-if you both get on your knees and call me 'Grand Mistress three times, might consider selling you the villa. 
Evander's face turned green with anger.
###Chapter 715
Lemira fixed her gaze on the two of them. "Quite a bargain, isn't it? Just one act of kneeling from you is worth tens of millions."
Evander exploded in anger. "Keep dreaming, Lemira!”
"No, you're the ones dreaming," Lemira replied coolly, the corner of her mouth lifting in a cold smirk. “You make demands so casually—it's honestly naive beyond belief.”
With that, Lemira walked straight to the dining room for her meal, showing no intention of wasting another second on them.
Evelina watched Lemira's departing figure, then turned to Evander in frustration, complaining, “Talk to Asher, will you? Get him to transfer the shares to Lemira. It's not like Lemira would get the short end of the stick."
"I'll talk to Asher later. Don't worry, I'll handle this for you," Evander reassured her.
Evelina lowered her voice, “And you promised the shares would be under my name, right?"
"Of course. I never go back on my word," Evander replied confidently. After all, his shares were worth much more than the villa.
Just then, Asher happened to come downstairs, speaking on his phone as he walked. “Make sure all the follow-up ads are scheduled. We need to keep the hype going for our products-only then can we negotiate well with investors."
Asher ended the call and noticed Evelina's tearful expression, a flicker of irritation crossing his face.
He glanced at her, "Is your face alright? Book an appointment at the cosmetic clinic your chin can't have any issues, or it'll affect your appearance on camera."
Evelina's eyes darted. "Asher, is the company safe now?"
"For now, there won't be any plagiarism allegations. As for the project, you need to coordinate with PZ Group. Production will start soon."
"I know, Asher. The factory is ready. As soon as the funds are in, they can begin work. The materials are essentially all prepared."
Evelina felt a surge of excitement-once Asher started wiring the money, her plan would be halfway to success.
Asher nodded. "You need to keep a close watch on the factory, understand? If there's any problem, report to me immediately. Don't let down my trust."
"Don't worry, Asher. I definitely won't disappoint you this time."
Evander chimed in, "Asher, Eve is about to marry me. She'll soon be part of the Langston family. She's completely loyal to us-there won't be any issues."
Asher massaged his temples. "Alright, that's settled."
They had finally gotten through this crisis.
Evander continued, "Asher, since Eve made such a big contribution this time, shouldn't she get a reward?"
Asher headed into the dining room. "Just say what you want."
"Asher, this villa was supposed to be our marital home, but now you've given it to Lemira. I was thinking of using my shares as collateral to buy it back from her."
"No."
Asher refused instantly.
He couldn't let Lemira have those shares. If she combined them with the ones held by Lucian, Alaric, and Caspian, she could become the largest shareholder in the Langston Group Then he'd be a
laughingstock. After what happened with the entertainment company last time, Asher would never let it happen again. 
Evander was clearly unhappy. “Asher, then at least talk to Lemira for me. Tell her I'm willing to buy the villa."
Lemira, eating at the table, looked up. “Not selling for anything less than fifty million."
"Mom and Dad only paid five million for this place, and Lemira's asking fifty million? Asher, do you really think that's fair?"
Asher rubbed his temples. “Evander, why don't you just give Lemira an IOU?”
"No way," Lemira shot back. "Who buys a house with an IOU? If that's
the case, why don't I write you an
IOU for a hundred million, Asher and you can just hand over all your shares to me?" 
Asher fell silent.
Unable to do anything about Lemira, Evander could only look helplessly at Asher.
"Asher, can you lend me some money?"
"The company needs working
capital right now. Where am I supposed to get you that much cash? Once this project wraps up, I'll buya Villa for you and Eve as your
marital h?me. How about that?" 
###Chapter 716
Here is the revised and polished translation, carefully aligned with both the original text and American English cultural and linguistic conventions:
Only then did Evander look at Evelina, satisfied. "We're moving into a new place— I'm not interested in this old house anymore."
“But Evander, I really like this house,” Evelina protested, her frustration evident. She knew that by the time the Al project ended, she would have already fallen out with the Langston family.
And with the Langstons facing bankruptcy, where would they even get the money to buy her a new villa?
Evander grew impatient. “Eve, I promised I'd get you a villa of equal value, and it'll be in your name. What do you expect me to do, get down on my knees and beg Lemira?"
Seeing Evander's irritation, Evelina dropped the subject.
Once Lemira had finished eating, she stood up and glanced at Evelina and Evander.
"I'll go handle the paperwork today. From now on, this house will be mine."
Evander replied sourly, "It's just an old house. What's so special about it?"
"Well, you two will need to find somewhere else to live, because I have no intention of sharing with you," Lemira said, turning to leave.
Evander was fuming. "Asher, do you see how arrogant Lemira's gotten? Aren't you going to do something about it?”
"The Langston family is relying on Lemira right now-including you," Asher responded flatly. "So you'd better not cross her. Otherwise, when the family goes under, you'll be left with nothing."
Evander fell silent and snorted. "I bet Lemira will just get tossed aside when she's no longer useful."
When that day came, he'd make sure to teach her a lesson.
Evelina kept her head down, already plotting her next move.
After leaving the Langston Estate, Lemira went straight to the property office to finalize the deed transfer and organize her assets.
Holding the freshly printed property deed in her hands, her mood brightened considerably.
In her previous life, she'd been thrown out of this very house and left on the streets. But this time, she was the one holding the title—it would be the Langstons who got kicked out, not her.
Feeling elated, Lemira returned to campus.
She went straight to her classroom, but couldn't shake the feeling that people were looking at her strangely.
Taking a seat next to Oanice, Lemira whispered, "What's going on? Is there something on my face?"
"I just got a message from Stella-someone's spreading rumors about you online," Oanice replied quietly.
Lemira took Oanice's phone and
saw photos of herself getting out of Orion's car the night before and
another of her carrying a Chanet bag. 
The story had been spun into a viral post: "Sugar Daddy Drops Off Orvin
University's Freshman Beauty, Showers Her With Designer Gifts."
The post was trending. Everyone was gossiping, speculating about the man in the luxury car and whether she was being kept.
But this time, the comments were noticeably tamer-gone were the insults and humiliation from before Clearly everyone had become a little more civilized after their phones were locked last time.
Lemira glanced at the post and handed the phone back to Oanice. “Got it."
"These people are such gossips,"
Oanice said. "Luxury cars show up outside Orvin all the time-why are
you the one they're making up stores about it's just a bag it's not like you can't afford one." 
"I'll handle it. Don't worry," Lemira assured her.
She had already identified the original poster—a senior from the journalism department, apparently a member of the campus press club.
It made sense; the journalism department always covered big events.
Lemira glanced at an announcement from Maple Group: there would be an Al seminar on campus tomorrow.
Perfect.
After class, Lemira left the classroom, planning to stop by Maple Group, but ran into the usual crowd of entitled business school kids.
Susanna eyed Lemira up and down. "Tsk tsk, heard you've got some sugar daddy now, huh?"
She'd always known Lemira was a gold digger. If Orion ever found out, he'd dump her for sure.
Lemira, mimicking Susanna's haughty demeanor, gave her a once-over as well.
Her gaze landed pointedly on Susanna's pants. "Funny, I heard you're wearing an ankle monitor. Why don't you show everyone?"
###Chapter 717
Here is the revised translation, thoroughly compared and adjusted for accuracy, emotional tone, and cultural fluency:
As soon as Lemira spoke, the group of rich kids all sucked in a sharp breath.
They'd all heard about what happened, and noticed Susanna, who was usually so fashion-forward, had come to school today in long pants that hid her ankles. But no one had dared to ask why.
No one expected Lemira to be so direct-she brought up the ankle monitor right away.
The moment Susanna heard it, her mind went completely blank, her face turning a deep shade of red, almost purple with humiliation. She felt utterly disgraced.
Furious, Susanna lunged at Lemira. "I'll kill you, you b***! You country bumpkin!"
Lemira just turned slightly to the side, causing Susanna to lose her balance and fall hard to the floor.
The fall pulled her pant leg up, exposing the electronic ankle monitor for everyone to
see.
A number of students caught a glimpse of it, and some even snuck out their phones to snap photos.
Lemira glanced over. “So that's an ankle monitor, huh? I could never afford such a 'luxury accessory.' But it really does suit you."
"Lemira, I'm going to kill you! I swear you'll pay for this!" Susanna frantically pulled her pant leg down to cover the monitor, then shot a vicious glare at everyone around her. "What are you staring at? You better watch yourselves, or I'll make sure you never set foot in this school again!"
At that, the other students quickly lowered their heads, not daring to meet Susanna's eyes, afraid of drawing the wrath of the infamously arrogant Ms. Sinclair.
Lemira spoke coolly, “Susanna, it seems you never learn your lesson. Break the law again, and the only thing waiting for you will be prison."
Susanna's eyes burned with fury as she glared at Lemira. "Then I'll make sure you go down with me."
"And I'll bring your whole Sinclair family along. Let's see who survives in the end."
Lemira looked at Susanna. “Do you know how your mother came to me, begging for a settlement, all because of what you did?"
Susanna's face flushed with rage and shame.
Lemira didn't bother with her anymore and turned to leave.
Oanice walked beside her. “That Susanna is seriously messed up. She's nothing like Sophia, the reigning queen bee.”
"In reality, they're cut from the same cloth. Sophia's just smarter about it. Susanna's simply spoiled rotten."
Lemira hadn't backed down an inch this time. Still, it was obvious the
Sinclair family had pulled strings
bering the the scenes Susanna didn't
end up in jail, just got slapped with an ankle monitor. 
But for someone like Susanna, being shamed publicly was probably worse than prison.
When Lemira stepped outside on the first floor, she saw Dorian waiting for her. She glanced at him, but pretended not to notice and kept walking.
But Dorian was clearly there for her.
He stepped forward, blocking her path. "There's something I want to say to you. Alone."
"We're not that close. I don't see what we have to talk about," Lemira replied, not wanting to waste her time.
But Dorian kept following, so Lemira finally stopped and looked at him. “What is it?"
"I want to know how Evelina's doing."
"Haven't you watched the news?" Lemira asked, noticing how defeated Dorian looked. She couldn't help but wonder: does he still have feelings for Evelina?
Dorian looked up. "I've been
grounded at home these past few days this is the first time I've been
allowed back on campus. My mom nearly broke my legs over what happened with Evelina." 
"You should check the news about the Langston Group's Al project. If you did, you
wouldn't be asking me such dumb questions."
Lemira had always pegged Dorian as a playboy. Could he actually be serious about Evelina?
Dorian hurriedly pulled out his phone and searched. His face changed instantly. "No way. That can't be true. Your family must have forced her right? Evelina said she'd only ever love me!" 
How could Evelina be with Evander—and even be planning to marry him?
Lemira's expression turned mocking. "If you loved Evelina so much, why did you run away like a coward at the Waverlies' party?"
Dorian's face twitched with embarrassment. “I was just so angry. I thought she was really two-timing me. But she explained it was because your family forced her."
While he'd been grounded, his mother had replied to Evelina's messages and broken up with her on his behalf. Now Evelina had blocked him, and he hadn't been back to school until now.
Lemira looked down on mama's boys like Dorian-guys with zero sense of responsibility.
"Don't get it twisted. I've got nothing to do with the Langston family."
###Chapter 718
Lemira paused. “But if you're looking for Evelina, I can give you the address to the Langston Estate."
After sharing the villa's location with Dorian, Lemira finally left the campus.
If Dorian actually went to see Evelina, there would probably be quite a scene-too
bad she wouldn't be there to watch it unfold.
Once Lemira arrived at Maple Group, she joined her colleagues to discuss upcoming technology upgrades and product improvements.
"The Langston Group even shot a commercial for it-it looks like something straight out of a romantic indie film. Are they really that desperate for people not to realize it's all copied?" the team lead said, unable to hide his dissatisfaction.
Lemira glanced at the ad. It wasn't finished yet; Evelina's chin was still swollen, so there was no way they could film the next part for now.
She remarked coolly, "It's all just window dressing. In the end, it's the product's quality that really matters."
The team lead nodded in agreement and didn't say anything further.
Later, Lemira stepped out to the restroom and overheard a couple of colleagues gossiping outside.
“I thought after what happened last time, the whole plagiarism scandal with the Langston Group would be exposed. But it's like nothing ever happened—not a word anywhere."
"You don't get it—the Langston Group is still Lemira's family's company. There's no way they'd actually let anything happen to it."
“But I heard Lemira had a falling out with her family."
"She may have, but her boyfriend is the heir to Orvin. If Lemira wants to move up in the world, she needs strong family backing. This is all part of her strategy—showing the Everhart family how hardworking and ambitious she is."
After hearing this, Lemira finally understood why everyone in the earlier meeting seemed hesitant, as if there was something they wanted to say but couldn't.
From their perspective, the whole situation did look suspicious.
But how could she possibly explain that this was only a temporary measure? Or that the Langston Group was actually on the verge of a major crisis?
Lemira acted as if she hadn't heard anything and returned to her office to continue working.
At the end of the workday, the team lead approached her. "There's an industry symposium at your university tomorrow. Since you're both our tech lead and a student there, we'd like you to give a speech on behalf of the company.”
"Alright,” Lemira agreed without hesitation. This was the perfect opportunity to clear up all the rumors.
But as she looked over the guest list, she noticed Orion's name.
Was he going to be there as well?
Lemira returned to campus, and the next morning attended her major's class.
in
During the lecture, the professor announced, "This afternoon, there's an academic symposium. Several tech companies will be sending representatives including some of the industry's top leaders. Many of you will probably apply for jobs at these companies in the future, so this is a great chance to learn more. Spots are limited, so sign up quickly." 
Lemira accompanied Oanice to sign up.
But the girl handling registration turned to Lemira with a mocking tone. "Some people are already so accomplished, set for life—what's the point of fighting us ordinary students for opportunities?”
Oanice shot back, "Aren't we all equal here? Why be so bitter?”
Lemira spoke up herself. "I'm not signing up I won't take anyone's spot."
Only then did the girl fall silent, looking smugly satisfied.
When Lemira and Oanice left the classroom, Oanice grumbled in frustration, “She's
always jealous of you and badmouthing you behind your back."
"Well, she's going to have a long time to be jealous," Lemira replied.
Lemira handed Oanice the speech she'd prepared for later, and Oanice squealed in excitement. "Lemira, you're amazing! You're going to put everyone in their place! Let them keep being jealous and spreading rumors!" 
After stopping by her dorm, Lemira headed to the symposium right on time.
Oanice and Stella found seats, but the girl from registration came over again. "Hey, Lemira, you didn't sign up, so there's no seat for you here."
"I know," Lemira replied calmly.
She started toward the front, where she guessed her seat would be.
But the girl grabbed her arm, voice dripping with sarcasm. "Lemira, are you hoping to catch the eye of one of the rich CEOs today? Give me a break have a little self-respect, will you? Don't be so shameless!" 
Lemira's gaze went cold as she pushed the girl's hand away.
Just then, the student council president walked over to Lemira. "Miss Lemira, you're up soon. Are you ready for your speech?"
###Chapter 719
Lemira nodded. "I'm all set."
A girl stared at the student council president in disbelief. "You mean Lemira is giving a speech on stage?"
"That's right."
"How is that possible? Why would Lemira be chosen to represent the students? Her reputation at school is terrible, and hardly anyone even likes her. I think this decision is totally unfair."
The girl was clearly upset.
The student council president couldn't help but sigh. "Who said Lemira is giving the speech as a student representative?”
"But the school arranged for a student representative to speak, didn't they? And you just told Lemira to get ready to go on stage."
Doesn't that mean Lemira was chosen as the student representative?
“She's not representing the students—she's giving a speech as a representative of a tech company!"
The president had only found out about this himself today. The school really was full of surprises: a freshman already working as an executive at a tech company.
The girl was stunned. "That's even less believable! Lemira is just a freshman—how could that be possible?"
The students nearby all looked equally shocked, finding it hard to believe.
After all, they were all still students. No matter how talented Lemira was, could she really be that accomplished already?
Lemira glanced at the time, then turned to the student council president. "I'll go get ready, then."
"Go ahead. If you need anything, just let me know."
After Lemira left, the complaining girl looked like she was about to lose it. "There's just no way. Are you sure you didn't make a mistake?"
“No mistake. Lemira is a key technical member at Maple Group. I heard she even participated in developing their Al project."
The president had just learned this himself, and he was still in shock.
The girl gasped. "You mean that Maple Group the one that's been all over the news lately?"
She'd even dreamed of working there after graduation.
Oanice, standing nearby, added, "That's not all. Lemira is also a shareholder at Maple Group. The dividends she gets each year are more a than most people see in lifetime. Once Maple Group goes public, Lemira will be financially independent." 
Stella chimed in, "Exactly! Lemira already comes from a great family-Ms. Langston's daughter, valedictorian of her class-and now she's a successful entrepreneur. Inca little while her net worth will easily be in the hundreds of millions." 
The students around them all gasped, their faces full of envy.
A net worth in the hundreds of millions-could she really be that incredible?
All of them were still relying on their parents for support, but Lemira was already set for life.
Oanice shot the complaining girl a look and said sarcastically, “And to think, people still say Lemira has some sugar daddy and just wants to marry rich. With her net worth, she is the rich family!"
The girl was completely thrown off and burning with jealousy, but she didn't dare say another word.
Oanice and Stella exchanged a look, satisfied to see the gossipers put in their place.
Lemira walked to the front row and saw her assigned seat was in the center. She didn't bother going there-instead, she picked an empty seat off to the side and sat down, glancing over her speech. She was already fully prepared.
"Lemira, move. That's not your seat."
Susanna strutted over, looking down her nose at her.
Lemira looked up. "It's not your seat, either.”
"Maybe not, but it's my sister's. She's an invited guest today, representing her company. Not like some people who just latch onto men to climb the social ladder. My sister is a real powerhouse.”
Susanna's tone was a mix of bragging and disdain.
Lemira looked up at her. "Listening to you, I almost thought you were the one sitting here. But you're not are you? How odd. Your sister might be the top socialite, but you're just a criminal with an ankle monitor HoW. is it you haven't learned anything from her?" 
Susanna hated anyone mentioning her ankle monitor. She immediately exploded, "You have no right to lecture me! Get out of here—this is my sister's seat. You don't deserve to sit there!"
###Chapter 720
Lemira glanced at the nameplate on the table. She hadn't noticed before that it actually said "Sophia." What a coincidence.
Orion would be coming too.
Susanna lowered her voice. "Let me tell you something—my sister has partnered with the Everhart family on this project. She'll be working closely with Mr. Everhart from now on. Someone like you, a pampered little bird who doesn't understand anything, could never compare to my sister's competence. She can actually help a man share his workload and stress."
Lemira hadn't expected the Sinclair and Everhart families to be collaborating on this project.
Thinking of Mrs. Amanda's attitude toward Sophia, Lemira felt her mood sink.
She stood up, ignoring Susanna.
Just then, a large group of sharply dressed business professionals entered, the university president and other school officials leading the way.
Among them, Lemira spotted Orion. He wore a deep navy suit, his tall, slender figure standing out among the group of middle-aged men.
As soon as Orion appeared, nearly every girl in the room turned to look his way.
At their age, who could resist such a charming, accomplished man?
Everyone around was whispering, trying to guess who the handsome newcomer
was.
At that moment, a striking woman in a white suit walked directly over and stood at Orion's side, offering an elegant, radiant smile.
Lemira watched as Sophia stood next to Orion-the two of them, a strikingly attractive pair.
Susanna, clearly pleased with herself, said, "See that, Lemira? Look how well my sister gets along with Mr. Everhart. You, a small-town nobody, think you can compete with her for his attention?"
With that, Susanna walked straight over to Sophia. "Sis, you're finally here. Someone who had no right to be here shamelessly took your seat. Who knows what she's up to."
Sophia looked up and spotted Lemira, her smile growing even warmer. "Oh, Ms. Langston. I'll have someone arrange another seat for you."
"There's no need,” Lemira replied, stepping aside. "You're too kind, Ms. Sinclair. I couldn't possibly trouble a guest to arrange my seat. Please, take your place."
Sophia bit her lip, then turned back to Orion with a gentle tone. "Orion, let's sit down. The conference is about to begin."
Orion walked straight over to Lemira, glancing at the speech in her hands. "Are you ready?"
"Just about. Please, have a seat, Mr. Everhart."
Lemira gave him a meaningful look and a poised smile.
Orion felt a chill from her expression.
Sophia quickly walked over, still smiling. "Orion, let's—"
But Orion ignored her and went straight to sit in the front row.
Sophia's seat was in the second row, a bit removed from the first. She had hoped to walk up with Orion and naturally sit beside
him everyone knew how close they were, and no one would try to take her spot. 
But now, that chance was gone.
Lemira looked at Sophia. “Ms. Sinclair, please, have a seat.”
Susanna snapped, “Lemira, what's with your attitude? You don't even
my
seat-who are you to tell sister what at to do Content Defong's 
"Who said I don't have a seat?"
Susanna scoffed. "What, is your seat out by the entrance? Maybe you'd be better off greeting quests 
Sophia, putting on an air of magnanimity, said, "Ms. Langston, why don't you come sit with me?"
Seeing that insincere, sugary smile on Ms. Sinclair's face, Lemira felt a twinge of discomfort.
She smiled faintly. "No, thank you."
Lemira turned and walked straight to Orion, taking the empty seat beside him.
Sophia's smile faded instantly as she saw this.
Was Lemira openly challenging her?
Did that woman not realize the Everhart family was responsible for her parents' deaths?
###Chapter 721
Sophia's gaze turned noticeably colder.
Susanna walked over, visibly frustrated. “Sophia, you saw how arrogant Lemira was just now! Why does she get to sit next to Mr. Everhart?"
"Enough. I know," Sophia snapped.
She stormed back to her seat, her eyes fixed on Orion in the first row. All around her, she could hear people whispering about how handsome and wealthy he was.
Sophia recalled something her mother had recently told her, and a faint, knowing smile flickered across her face.
That's right-she couldn't afford to be impatient.
The Everhart family was responsible for Lemira's parents' deaths. The revelation gave Sophia a thrill; with a secret this explosive in her hands, she'd been so worked up she could barely sleep.
Her smile faded, replaced by an icy resolve. No wonder Orion had suddenly
transferred to Lyria and taken a low-profile job as a campus physician—it was all for Lemira.
He only wanted to make up for what had happened to her; he didn't actually love her.
How could she let this slip to Lemira?
At that moment, Susanna marched straight up to the front row and confronted Lemira. "Is this your seat? From what I hear, you've recently been getting dropped off late at night by some wealthy older man. Didn't he even give you a Chanel bag?"
Lemira felt the weight of everyone's stares. The rumors had been circulating wildly around campus.
Susanna shot Orion a triumphant look. “See? Lemira is just a gold digger. Her private life is a mess."
“Susanna, don't say that. Maybe there's some misunderstanding," Sophia quickly interjected, her voice soft and conciliatory. "Ms. Langston, I'm really sorry about this."
"Why are you defending her, Sophia?" Susanna protested. "She's always cozying up to rich old men! There are even photos—people saw it with their own eyes.”
Susanna pulled out her phone and displayed the photos.
Today, she'd make sure Orion saw Lemira's true colors.
When Sophia caught a glimpse of the photos, a slight smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. She quickly said, Orion, maybe this is all
a misunderstanding
just a
Orion looked up at Susanna. "The wealthy older man you're talking about-that's me."
Lemira turned to look at the man beside her, startled. Was he really admitting it so openly? Didn't he care if others found out?
Susanna's expression went rigid. "That can't be..."
How could it possibly be Orion?
Sophia was equally stunned. She looked closely at the car in the photo-it really was Orion's.
In that instant, Sophia could barely contain the surge of complicated emotions inside her.
Whatever the reason, Orion truly did care about Lemira.
Susanna's face changed colors as she stood there, speechless.
Orion's voice was cold. "Susanna, do you realize that spreading rumors is against the law?"
“I—I just read it on the campus forum," Susanna stammered, her confidence faltering. She couldn't afford to be held responsible for anything.
Sophia jumped in quickly. “Orion, Susanna just saw a discussion online. If anyone should be held accountable, it's whoever started the rumors and posted them."
"Yeah, exactly! I was just repeating what I heard. I didn't make anything up," Susanna added, looking at Sophia for support Sophia this really has nothing to do with me." 
iet
"It's okay, believe you," Sophia replied, though she felt a wave of panic rising inside her. She turned to Orion "If you have doubts, you're
free to vestigate." fo FindNovel.net
Orion's tone was icy as ever. "Regardless, spreading rumors and maliciously slandering someone is considered defamation, and that carries legal consequences."
###Chapter 722
Susanna's face went instantly pale.
Sophia quickly grabbed Susanna's arm. “You need to apologize to Ms. Langston right now."
But Susanna looked reluctant, her expression tight with resentment.
Sophia turned to Lemira at once. "I'm so sorry, Lemira. My sister really shouldn't have spread those rumors. I'll make sure she clears things up for you on the campus forum, okay?"
She absolutely couldn't let Susanna get into more trouble; the last thing Sophia wanted was a sister with a criminal record.
Lemira gave a sardonic smile and stood up. "Excuse me."
She walked straight down to the stage, heading over to speak with the MC about her upcoming remarks.
Susanna whispered, "Lemira's actually getting ready to speak? Is she the student representative?"
"No. The first person to speak is the company representative," Sophia replied, her expression growing more complicated. Even if she didn't want to admit it, Lemira clearly had some real ability.
Susanna was stunned. That woman—Lemira—a company representative? What right did she have?
Sophia could hardly keep her composure. She returned to her seat, already beginning to strategize.
She couldn't let Lemira keep stealing the spotlight.
Soon, Lemira stood at the podium. “Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Lemira. I'm currently a freshman in the Computer Science department at Orvin University. But today, I'm not here as a student representative—I'm here as the company representative."
Her words set off a wave of murmurs and envious glances throughout the auditorium.
Susanna's face twisted in anger. "What's she so smug about? She only got this far thanks to Mr. Everhart. She's just putting on a show!"
Deep down, Susanna refused to believe Lemira could have achieved all this on her
own.
But Sophia knew better. She'd sent people to look into Maple Group and confirmed that Lemira was genuinely capable—and truly the head of technology.
That was why Sophia saw Lemira as her greatest rival.
She needed to come up with a plan.
After introducing the artificial intelligence project, Lemira looked out at the students and said, "Don't envy others, because the future belongs to us the younger generation." 
As soon as she finished, thunderous applause and cheers filled the room.
Orion watched the confident girl on stage, unable to resist applauding for her. The once timid girl had truly transformed.
Her poise and bright smile were like a full, luminous moon-leaving a deep impression on his heart.
After her speech, Lemira stepped
down from the stage, her gaze
finding Orion, it seemed he'd been at her side all along, s attention never wavering. 
The defenses Lemira had so carefully built up began to crumble, just a little.
She walked over and took the seat beside him, leaving just half an inch between their arms-close, but not too close.
Orion turned to look at her. "That
was a
pretty fiery speech. Sounded
like you
I were ready to leave us
old-timers in the dust.”
"You'd better watch out then," Lemira replied.
“And how careful should I be?” he asked, suddenly leaning in and narrowing the space between them.
Lemira looked up, finding his face right in front of hers-so close she could make out the smoothness of his skin.
She suddenly realized his complexion was better than most women's clear and flawless.
Her heartbeat skipped unexpectedly. Why did he have to get so close?
The scene caught Sophia's eye and felt like a knife twisting in her chest.
She abruptly stood up. Seeing Lemira leave her seat, Sophia immediately followed.
###Chapter 723
Lemira headed straight to the restroom. As she washed her hands, she noticed Sophia had followed her in.
Lemira smiled and turned to face her. "Ms. Sinclair, what a coincidence."
"It's not a coincidence. I came here to find you," Sophia replied, stepping closer. She eyed Lemira, recalling how close she'd just seen her standing with Orion.
With a tight smile, Sophia said, "Ms. Langston, I must admit, I didn't expect you to be so impressive. Becoming head of technology and representing your company at such a young age."
"Thank you for your kind words, Ms. Sinclair."
Lemira clearly had no intention of lingering.
But Sophia wasn't willing to let her go just yet. "You must know that Grandma Eileen doesn't approve of you, and she'll never allow you and Orion to be together. Orion has always been devoted to his grandmother-he's never gone against her wishes." Lemira's gaze grew cold. "What exactly are you trying to say, Ms. Sinclair? If you have something to say, just say it. I have things to do."
“Ms. Langston, I'm just reminding you not to entertain impossible dreams. There's no future for you two-unless you want to be his mistress, always kept in the shadows."
Lemira laughed out loud at the word "mistress."
She stared at Sophia. "Weren't you the one who tried to be the mistress in the first place?"
Lemira stepped forward, and Sophia instinctively backed away. "Wh-what are you talking about? Orion and I grew up together-we're childhood friends..."
"Oh, please. Childhood friends? Has Orion ever shown you the slightest interest? You've always known I was dating him. You must be jealous, aren't you? After all, you never even got the chance."
Sophia's composure crumbled.
She snapped, "Lemira, do you really think I'd be jealous of you?"
“Of course. If you weren't, why did you steal Orion's phone that time and pretend you two were together? The truth is, Mrs. Eileen was in the hospital that night!”
Sophia's expression grew uneasy. “I said we were together, but we were just at the hospital together, that's all."
"Yet the very next day, you claimed you were engaged and told me not to be a 'homewrecker.' But that so-called engagement was nothing but a rumor you and your mother spread. It never even happened."
Lemira's mocking gaze cut deep into Sophia.
Sophia finally lost her cool. "Who do you think you are? Just a gold digger-you don't deserve him!"
"You like Orion, but isn't it really
because of his status? The Sinclair family is facing financial trouble and desperately needs a marriage alliance. That's why you and your mother are in such a hurry. 
Sophia's face went pale at Lemira's words.
She snapped, "Don't talk nonsense! No matter what problems the Sinclair family has, we're still far better off than your family. Asher married into his wife's family just to fimb the social ladder!" content ladder!"content 
"You're right about Asher. You've got him figured out," Lemira admitted easily. After all, the criticism was directed at the Langstons, and she had no reason to . 
She looked Sophia in the eye. "If you really like Orion, then go after him yourself.
Don't waste your time trying to sabotage other women."
With that, Lemira turned and walked out of the restroom.
Sophia glared at her retreating figure, so angry that she completely forgot what she'd originally planned to say.
"Sis, are you okay? Did Lemira do something to you? That woman knows how to fight-you'd better be careful around her."
"I'm fine. But you were right, Susanna. Lemira is definitely not someone to underestimate."
Sophia realized she'd underestimated her.
"But Sis, didn't you say Grandma Eileen would never let them be together? Looks like those two have already broken up."
"That's what I thought, which is why I was trying to test her just now. But it turns out she's just playing along, trying to make us lower our guard."
Sophia glanced at Susanna. "From now on, keep an eye on her at school. But don't give her any chance to use something against you. Got it?”
"I know, Sis. Don't worry, I'll be careful. I won't let that woman threaten you again."
Susanna had always looked up to her sister. There was no way she'd let Lemira steal the man Sophia cared about.
Sophia gently stroked her sister's cheek. “Don't worry. I'll figure out a way to get that ankle monitor off you someday."
###Chapter 724
The Sinclair family's business was no longer what it used to be; their old connections no longer respected them, which was why Susanna ended up with an electronic ankle monitor.
Sophia continued, "Aren't you in touch with Evelina, the Langstons' adopted daughter? Why don't you ask her how their artificial intelligence project is coming along?"
"But, sister, didn't you say you wanted to collaborate with the Everhart family?" "The Everharts refused."
Sophia's eyes grew slightly red. "He only turned us down to protect Lemira—that's the only reason the Sinclair family was excluded."
Something like this would have been unthinkable in the past.
Sophia quickly composed herself. "But the Sinclair family isn't about to let this opportunity pass us by."
And neither would she.
Lemira walked into the event hall and saw Orion lounging in his seat, his profile strikingly handsome.
People clustered around him, fawning with eager, flattering expressions.
At moments like this, Lemira truly felt she and Orion belonged to entirely different worlds.
She didn't approach him. Instead, she changed direction and walked over to where the student council president stood, along with a few journalism students.
As soon as Lemira appeared, everyone turned their attention to her.
After all, she had just been the topic of conversation-everyone envied that she was already an executive at a company.
The student council president asked, "Lemira, is there something you need?"
"There is,” Lemira replied calmly. "I have a few questions for the head of the journalism club about a post on the school forum spreading rumors that I'm someone's kept woman."
She had already traced the user ID-the person behind the post was the head of the journalism club.
The club president, a bespectacled young man with a bookish look, stood and walked over. "What do you want to say?"
"I want to say that my startup pays well enough. I'm not short of money, and I certainly don't need to rely on any man. Since you're studying journalism, you ought to know better than to judge women through such a narrow lens. Just because a wongan carries a designer bag on drives a nice car doesn't mean she's being kept by a man. That's an
awfully small-minded view." 
He shot back, his tone confrontational. “You're saying I'm narrow-minded? Then can you explain what's going on in those photos? Who was the one who drove you home?"
"I have no obligation to explain myself to you. The only thing you need to know is that I can afford luxury cars and designer bags on my own."
Lemira didn't flinch. “Let me put it this way: imagine you bought your mother an expensive gift, and someone accused her of getting it through some shady relationship. How would that make you feel?"
The young man's face turned red with anger. "Who knows how you got your company shares?"
"Through my own skills, of course. Remember when everyone's phones got locked during the network breach? Hacking them would've been easy for me. That's not something you get just by having a man in your life."
Stella approached slowly.
Oanice stepped forward first. "Honestly, you're just jealous that Lemira is more successful than you. A bunch of so-called grown men, and al you care about is gossiping about girls Why not focus on actual Social issues or exposing real wrongdoing? Instead, you act like cowards, hiding behind rumors!" 
The journalism club president was fuming. "We're just students."
"You're students, but so is Lemira. She's already leading her own research project. If you can't match her academically, you resort to spreading rumors. That's just pathetic."
Oanice had been wanting to say this she didn't hold back.
a long time; now that had the chance,
"What's your problem, Lemira? Why are you insulting my boyfriend? He's already outstanding, okay? Boys just mature later, that's all. They shine in the long run."
Lemira glanced over and realized it was the same girl who'd given her a hard time earlier—no wonder she was defending the journalism club president; they were a couple.
No wonder they were targeting her.
Oanice shot back, “Your boyfriend is a journalism major, but he's making up rumors and posting slanderous articles about Lemira. And you don't think he should be called out for it?"
The girl scoffed. “If it's slander, then let Lemira explain. Who was the older guy in the luxury car?"
Lemira's voice was icy. "I don't owe
voicey
you an explanation. But what I will do is expose your boyfriend for abusing his admin privileges on the school forum spreading rumors to profit from them when that comes to fight, he won't just be expelled; he'll face legal consequences." 
If they refused to listen to reason, she wasn't afraid to take it further.
###Chapter 725
Lemira hadn't come unprepared.
It took her little effort to discover what the president of the journalism club had been
up to gathering evidence was child's play for her. In fact, this had always been an open secret within the club. The other students knew about it, but as students themselves, they didn't dare challenge the journalism club. No one wanted to become the next victim of their rumors, so they obediently paid up to stay out of trouble. As for the wealthy students, the club made sure never to cross them.
After Lemira finished speaking, the journalism club president's face turned ashen, panic written all over him.
Lemira's tone was icy. "I already explained everything to you earlier, but if you insist on spreading lies, don't blame me for what happens next."
The student council president hurried to smooth things over. "Your club reported something untrue, so you definitely owe Lemira an apology."
Only then did the club president realize how serious things had become. "Lemira, it was my mistake. I'll delete the post right away and issue an explanation.”
"That's better. And in the future, don't make up stories to slander others. Otherwise, you're just asking for trouble."
Words can be as sharp as blades, wounding without leaving a mark.
He was so ashamed he didn't dare speak. If Lemira exposed him, he'd be finished- he certainly didn't want to get expelled.
One of the female students, not willing to let it go, protested, "Why are you so afraid of her?"
"If you hadn't given me those photos, and claimed you saw Lemira all over some older guy in a fancy car, I never would've written any of it!"
Lemira turned to the girl. "You realize that secretly taking photos and spreading false rumors are both illegal, don't you?"
The girl snapped back, “So what if I can't stand you? You act all high and mighty, but you're just someone who slept her way to the top. Up there sharing your 'success story'-why not tell everyone about your experience with older men instead?"
As soon as she finished, the students nearby began whispering to each other.
At that moment, Orion strode over, accompanied by several others.
He looked directly at the principal. "Is this how your school treats outstanding young women? By allowing others to slander and defame them?"
Orion had been watching the situation unfold from a distance, and from the conversation, he'd gathered most of what had happened. He was seething.
The principal's expression changed
instantly. He hurried to respond, "I promise to investigate this thoroughly. Lemira is the top
student from the entrance exams,
and her academic achievements
have always been
exemplary everyone here can
vouch for that." 
"We have so many exceptional students at this school. If excellence only leads to isolation and attacks, who would have the courage to strive for success?"
Hearing this, the principal's face shifted again. He turned to the
journalism club president. "net
it
you who wrote that post and spread rumors about your classmate 
"Principal, I—I've already explained myself to Lemira. I didn't spread any false rumors."
The female student, still unconvinced, stepped forward. "It wasn't a rumor! Can Lemira explain the luxury car and all the expensive things, then?"
Orion replied calmly, "I can explain. I was the one who drove her home that day. Things have been busy at work and she was working late."
The girl was stunned. “You... you're not just saying that to protect her, are you?”
The principal snapped, "Stop making baseless accusations! Lemira has been recognized as a top technical talent at Lyria. Who are you to question her?"
The principal hadn't realized just how outstanding Lemira truly was. Having someone like her as a role model would be a tremendous asset for Orvin University.
Orion glanced at the principal. "I trust you'll handle this properly."
"Of course, Mr. Everhart. I will take care of it."
Orion nodded and left with his group.
The principal paused, then turned to the student council president. "I want you to identify everyone involved in spreading these rumors They will face serious
consequences. We need to restore proper conduct and discipline on this campus-this kind of behavior is absolutely unacceptable!" 
###Chapter 726
After the principal finished speaking in a huff, he hurried off to catch up with Orion.
The president of the journalism club blurted out anxiously, "What now? I swear I didn't mean for any of this to happen. I don't want to get punished, let alone expelled!"
"Well, you're the one who said all that in front of the principal. Lemira earned everything on her own-she didn't rely on anyone else."
The student council president looked uncomfortable and instinctively glanced over at Lemira. At this point, she was the only person who could possibly resolve the situation.
But before Lemira could say anything, Stella stepped forward to shield her. "Lemira came over to explain things out of kindness, but some people just didn't appreciate it and insisted on making a scene. Now it's backfiring-you only have yourselves to blame."
"Exactly! They're just jealous of how accomplished Lemira is, so all they know how to do is play dirty tricks behind the scenes."
Oanice took Lemira's arm and said, "Let's go. There's no need to waste our time with these people."
Lemira didn't reply and simply left with her friends.
Meanwhile, the girl who had started the rumors was now frightened and stammered, "What should I do? I really don't want to be punished either."
“Oh, now you're scared? Why did you say those things in front of the principal and drag the rest of us down with you? I don't care—after all, you were the one who provided the photos and spread the rumors. You'll have to take full responsibility!"
The girl burst into tears, sobbing uncontrollably.
What was she going to do now?
Outside, Lemira and her friends were soon surrounded by a crowd of students. "Lemira, you're incredible!"
“Lemira, are you really a shareholder in Maple Group? If your company goes public, will you be set for life?"
Lemira looked around at her classmates and replied, “Startups always come with risks. Who can say what the future will bring?"
Susanna watched Lemira bask in the attention and felt a surge of jealousy. She muttered, "Honestly, would Lemira's business be doing. so well without the Everhart family backing her? It all comes down to having a man in her corner 
"Sometimes, knowing how to rely on a man is a skill, too," someone else replied.
Sophia felt a pang of discomfort.
She knew the secret she was holding could make a real impact-but only if she chose the right moment to reveal it. For now She would let Lemira have her day. 
After chatting with her curious classmates for a while, the student council president approached. “Lemira, the school has arranged an interview, and they'd like you to participate."
"Alright, I'll head over now," Lemira replied.
As she followed him, Lemira caught sight of Orion talking with several
invited business executives. He
lounged casually in his chair, lipsnet
curling into a slight smile-butt, never reached his eyes. Lemira recognized the mask he was wearing. 
The moment she appeared, Orion looked straight at her. When he did, everyone
else followed his gaze, their attention now fixed on Lemira.
The student council president led her over. "This way, just come with me. Don't be nervous."
Lemira took comfort in his kindness, smiled, and followed along.
But Orion found her smile oddly irritating, especially when he saw a young man at
her side trying to impress her. For some reason, it put him on edge.
Someone nearby noticed Orion's gaze lingering on Lemira.
So after the interview ended, a middle-aged man addressed Lemira in a commanding tone, "You there, young lady-come over and join us for a chat."
Lemira didn't care much for his attitude, but she walked over anyway.
"Have a seat next to Mr. Everhart."
But just as she approached, someone suddenly shoved her from behind—sending her tumbling right into Orion's arms...
###Chapter 727
Here is the revised and polished translation, carefully aligned with your original Chinese text and adapted for American readers:
Lemira never expected that someone could be so shameless.
Completely off guard, she was pushed straight into Orion's arms.
He instinctively reached out, wrapping his arm around her waist to shield her, making sure she didn't get hurt.
But Lemira was furious. This kind of behavior treated women like playthings for men's amusement!
“College girls really are something else, huh? Look how young she is her cheeks could just about drip with youth," the man sneered.
"Mr. Smith, you really shouldn't joke like that. This is a university, not some nightclub," Lemira retorted.
“Nightclubs aren't exactly short on college girls, are they? But it's rare to find one as outstanding as this young lady," Mr. Waverly shot back.
Blushing, Lemira quickly stepped out of Orion's arms and faced the middle-aged man who had pushed her and made the crude joke.
He grinned. “Oh, what's this? Are you angry? There are plenty of girls who'd kill for a chance with Mr. Everhart-he's so successful and handsome. Don't be so
ungrateful."
Lemira gave a cold laugh, her expression growing frosty.
Orion watched quietly from the side, saying nothing. He knew Lemira could handle herself.
She fixed her gaze on the middle-aged man. “Mr. Waverly, you say there are plenty of college girls in nightclubs—would that include your own daughter?"
His face immediately darkened. "What did you just say? Do you have any idea how to behave?"
"I think I'm right, aren't I? I heard your daughter loves going out to clubs, sometimes with several male escorts in one night. Not too long ago, she went a little too wild- one of the men ended up dead. And to keep her out of trouble, you shipped her overseas in the middle of the night."
"You're talking nonsense!" he snapped, his expression twisting. That scandal had been buried how could she possibly know?
Lemira smiled faintly. "You know better than anyone whether I'm lying, Mr. Waverly."
She'd done her homework for
today's event. It was Stella who had
told her about Mr. Waverly's daughter-when it came to high
society gossip, no one was more th the know than Stella. 
She never imagined it'd come in handy like this.
Infuriated, the man jabbed a finger at Lemira. “It was just a joke. Did you have to
take it so seriously?"
"I was just joking too. Why are you
taking it so seriously, Mr. Waverly?" Lemira replied, giving him a
el?
half smile these men were truly repulsive. 
At that moment, Orion pulled out a chair for her. "Have a seat."
"No, thank you. I have something to take care of—you all go ahead," Lemira said coolly.
She worried that if she stayed any longer, something even worse might happen. She had no interest in dealing with these middle-aged men.
After she left, Orion watched her angry figure disappear and sighed quietly.
His palm still felt warm, as if the sensation of her slender waist lingered there.
He found himself distracted, wondering when he'd have the chance to make things right with her.
The middle-aged man immediately leaned in. “Mr. Everhart, if you're interested in that student, I can arrange for her to come to you."
Girls like that might act tough, but when faced with money or pressure, they always gave in or so he thought.
Orion's face instantly hardened, his eyes turning icy.
He stared Mr. Waverly down.
"Instead of wasting your energy on sleazy tricks like this, you'd be better off figuring out how to run your company, before it keeps sliding further downhill." 
Not all tech companies were thriving, and some were clearly failing.
“Mr. Everhart, let me be frank. I was hoping to partner with Maple Group..."
"I choose my business partners based on their integrity, Mr. Waverly—and yours is sorely lacking."
###Chapter 728
Orion's eyes were icy cold. "I can't stand people who insult women without a second thought."
The middle-aged man's expression changed instantly; sweat broke out across his forehead and he didn't dare say a word in protest.
Orion, finding the situation beneath his interest, stood up and walked away.
Someone nearby leaned over to the man and whispered, "Mr. Waverly, haven't you heard? Mr. Everhart has a girlfriend he really likes he even broke off his engagement to the Sinclair family for her."
"You mean that girl is Mr. Everhart's girlfriend?"
"Most likely. Didn't you see how he stepped in to defend her just now? Did you think everyone's as shameless as you?"
At that, the middle-aged man broke out in a cold sweat from head to toe. This was bad—he'd been hoping to work with them, but now it was all ruined.
Lemira strode out, still fuming. If the circumstances had been different, she would have punched that man herself.
“Lemira, are you... are you alright?”
The student council president hurried over, handing her a bottle of water. "A lot of people saw what happened. If you want to report them for harassment, we can all testify for you."
Lemira shook her head. "No, that's okay. I'll handle it myself."
At that moment, Orion walked over. He ignored the student council president completely and stopped in front of Lemira, his tone gentle. "Still upset? I already taught that guy a lesson for you."
The student council president found his courage and stepped forward. "Sir, you were part of that harassment, too. Please stay away from her, or we'll call the police."
Orion shot the young man a glance, his gaze intense and intimidating.
The student council president, just a student, had never faced someone with Orion's presence—a man seasoned by years in the business world. He was instantly cowed.
Orion turned back to Lemira. "Did I harass you? Exactly where did I touch you?”
Lemira quickly pulled him aside, her face warm with embarrassment. “Enough. Just stop talking."
ét
Orion could have shrugged her off, but instead, he obediently stood by her side glanging back at the student council president with a hint of smugness. 
Seeing this, the president realized Lemira's relationship with this man was anything but ordinary.
Lemira spoke up, “President, it's alright. I've already taken care of it, but thank you for your help."
"You're welcome. I'll be around just let me know if you need anything."
Lemira nodded and watched him walk away.
"He's gone now. Why are you still looking that way?"
Orion frowned, stepping to block her view. "Is he better looking than me?"
Lemira turned her head away, not meeting his eyes. "At least he was trying to help
me."
"I think he just wanted to play the hero," Qrion replied, his tone levekbut his heart a little uneasy. All the guys around her were young close to her age, with plenty in common. 
A pang of jealousy hit him. "Lemmy, you still owe me a dinner."
"I know."
"How about tonight? I know you're done with classes."
Lemira found an excuse. “I have training at the base tonight.”
"I'll take you back right after dinner-it won't interfere with your training."
Orion looked at her, his tone
softening. "We haven't seen each
otheram so long. It's just a meal promise won't bite. Besides ve found some leads on the Sinclair family." 
Lemira's head snapped up. “What did you find?"
He lowered his voice. "This isn't the place to talk about it."
Just then, Lemira's sharp eyes caught sight of Asher arriving with Evelina.
What are they doing here?
###Chapter 729
Orion turned and naturally spotted the Langstons, who had appeared out of nowhere.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "I bet they heard about the school event and showed up with Evelina just to bask in a little borrowed fame."
"I think it's more likely that since you were chosen to speak for the students, someone got jealous and rushed over, hoping to steal the spotlight for themselves," Orion replied.
Lemira found Orion's reasoning perfectly convincing.
She and Orion made their way back, and sure enough, they saw Asher leading a conversation with the invited executives, while Evelina chimed in, charming the group and keeping everyone entertained.
As soon as Lemira and Orion appeared, the atmosphere in the room quieted noticeably.
Evelina's eyes lit up with surprise when she saw Orion. If she had known his true identity earlier, she definitely would have tried to win him over herself—why let Lemira have such an opportunity?
Asher's expression was equally unpleasant. Ever since he learned that Lemira's boyfriend was the Everhart heir, his emotions had been in turmoil.
He couldn't help but regret—if only he'd treated Lemira better back then, maybe things wouldn't be so strained now. If the Langston family could have established a connection with the Everharts, there would have been no need for him to marry into the Waverly family and put up with their condescension and mockery.
A flicker of resentment toward Lemira flashed through Asher's mind as well. The ungrateful girl knew how much the Langston family needed a connection like Orion, but she kept his identity from the family. Truly ungrateful.
Orion hadn't seen anyone from the Langston family since the last product showcase.
At that moment, Evelina took the initiative and stepped up to Lemira. "Lemmy, you were the student representative today-why didn't you tell the family? We would have loved to come and support you!"
"Support me? You're Maple Group's competitor. Who knows what you really came here to copy this time?" Lemira shot back, holding nothing back.
Evelina's eyes instantly filled with tears. "Lemmy, that's so unfair. We're still family. Even though we compete in business, in private, we're still related."
As she spoke, Evelina deliberately glanced at Orion. "Mr. Everhart, we honestly want to make amends with Lemmy."
Orion's reply was ice-cold. "And what does that have to do with us?"
The implication was clear: whether or not they reconciled with Lemira was none of his or Lemira's concern.
Evelina's expression turned awkward. "Mr. Everhart, I think you still misunderstand us."
"You know the truth perfectly well," Orion said, his voice utterly chilly.
Asher gave a cold snort and turned to the principal. "Eve is just as outstanding as Lemira-she's just more low-key, so people aren't aware brought her back to her alma mater today so she could serve as a role model for the students." 
The principal smiled kindly. "That's wonderful. If we'd known in advance, we could have arranged for Eve to speak as well. Theyre sisters after alf, and it would reflect well on the school." 
He was more than happy to oblige, already thinking about arranging a lecture with the Langstons in the future.
But Orion interjected, "Principal, haven't you heard what happened at the recent product showcase? The Langston family was implicated in plagiarism. They might have kept it quiet for now, but if it ever comes to light, it won't look good for the school." 
The principal's smile froze on his face.
That happened? He'd definitely have to investigate.
Asher glared at Orion. "That matter has already been dealt with. Isn't it inappropriate
for you to bring it up again, Mr. Everhart?"
"You think you're in the clear? I could ruin your family at any moment," Orion said, his tone brazen and unyielding.
No one dared to speak up.
Asher's face turned ashen with rage, but he knew the truth-on the day of the
product showcase, he had indeed left behind evidence, and Orion had caught him red-handed.
###Chapter 730
Damn it!
The dean quickly realized that Orion and the Langston family were at odds- apparently business rivals. Still, offending Orion for the sake of the Langstons was out of the question. After all, Orion's connections were far more influential than anything the Langstons could offer.
Trying to defuse the situation, the dean hastily wrapped up the meeting. "That's all for today's forum. If there are any future events, we'll be sure to invite everyone again."
Evelina felt deeply unsettled.
Earlier, she'd seen people sharing posts about Lemira's speech on Facebook. Jealousy had nearly driven her mad-she was convinced she could have been a representative speaker herself. That's why she'd insisted that Asher bring her along today.
But with just a few words from Orion, the dean had immediately backed down.
How infuriating!
Evelina couldn't help but glare at Lemira, her tone sharp. "Lemmy, are you worried I'd outshine you? Is that why you had Mr. Everhart block me on purpose?"
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "Do you really think I'm afraid of being upstaged by a copycat like you?"
The accusation of plagiarism made Evelina's head spin with rage. She was about to protest when Asher quietly stopped her.
Only then did Evelina manage to compose herself. With the Everhart heir on Lemira's side, she was untouchable for now. If they angered him, he could destroy the Langston family without a second thought.
At a critical moment like this, Evelina had no choice but to swallow her pride.
Lemira cast the Langstons a final glance before leaving. She'd thought they might have some ulterior motive for being here—but apparently, they'd only come to cause trouble.
Evelina watched as Lemira left with Orion-that golden boy walking so closely beside that wretched woman. The sight made Evelina's stomach churn.
"Asher, look at Lemira. She's getting more and more outrageous."
"Just hold on for now. Wait until the company's project succeeds, then we'll talk. Besides, I've heard the old Mrs. Everhart doesn't approve of their relationship. Lemira's got a long road ahead of her."
Evelina's face twisted into a satisfied smirk. She always knew that woman would be cast aside by the Everhart family sooner or later.
"Mr. Langston, what a coincidence running into you here."
Sophia entered with Susanna at her side. If they could form an alliance with the Langston family, they' have a real chance to deliver fatal blow to Lemira. 
Asher raised an eyebrow. The Sinclairs? So they've come knocking of their own accord?
---
Lemira and Orion went to Bistrova for dinner.
Once the food arrived, Lemira looked across the table at Orion. "Did you find anything out?"
"Let's eat first," he replied.
Orion served her some food, but Lemira didn't touch it. She just gazed at him, waiting.
With a resigned sigh, Orion set down his utensils. "I heard you've been looking into the Sinclair family's new energy project from years ago?"
"That's right. I asked Stella, but since so much time has passed, she couldn't uncover much."
Orion explained, "Back then, there was tough competition for that project. The Langston Group-your parents-were the strongest contenders."
"My parents?" Lemira tried to recall the Langston Group's history. Yes, there had been something like that.
No wonder the banner with 'new energy project' looked so familiar.
She looked up at Orion. "So, to
secure the deal for themselves, the
Sinclair family orchestrated a car accident to kill my
parents eliminating their
competition?" 
FindNovel.net
"There's a strong possibility. At the time, the Sinclairs were facing bankruptcy. That
project was their only hope for survival."
The Sinclairs wouldn't have given up easily, so they took a desperate risk.
Lemira's eyes reddened. "Then who was in the back seat of the Sinclair family's
car?"
That day, everyone connected to Sinclairs attended the project's
celebration banquet. It was a nee
they known advance the
Sinclairs would win the bid 
So who, exactly, was in that car?
###Chapter 731
Lemira had never understood what connection the car accident had with the Sinclair family.
After all, their two families had never crossed paths before, and there was no history of bad blood between them.
But now she knew.
The Sinclairs had wanted to seize the site of the new energy project, so they bribed her parents' driver-Evelina's father.
A heavy weight pressed down on Lemira. “I looked into it. The Sinclair family members were all busy celebrating their win on the day of the accident. So who did they send to Lyria to carry this out?"
Orion hesitated. "Maybe the person in the back seat of the car wasn't actually involved?"
"How could they not be? They were most likely working with the Sinclairs."
Orion's hands tightened around the edge of the table, his heart sinking lower and lower.
He was starting to realize that he himself had been set up by the Sinclairs.
He actually didn't have to ride in the Sinclair family's car that day, but something went wrong, and he ended up in that very car.
It was that car that caused Lemira's parents' deaths.
But Mrs. Amelia had covered everything up so well, he had always believed the crash was just an accident.
The more Orion investigated the Sinclairs, the more alarmed he became. It was looking more and more likely that the crash had been deliberately orchestrated by them.
Lemira clenched her jaw. "The Sinclairs bribed Evelina's father, but he's still alive. So who was actually driving that day?"
The clues pointed to the Sinclairs, but something about the driver still didn't add up.
It took Orion a moment to find his voice. "If we can find Evelina's father, we'll finally get to the bottom of this."
He had been investigating that auto dealership, but still couldn't find any trace of Evelina's father.
If Debby hadn't managed to snap that photo, he would have started to doubt if he'd even seen the man.
It was strange—even he couldn't track this person down.
That was very unusual.
Lemira took a deep breath. "Yeah. That's the final piece of evidence we need."
With Evelina's father's testimony, they could finally unravel the true story behind the accident and prove that the Sinclairs had hired someone to kill her parents.
That crash wasn't an accident-it was murder.
Orion reached over and took her hand. "The Langston family's project has reached a critical point. Asher will be transferring the funds soon, and Evelina will try to embezzle the money. Once that happens, we should be able to track down
Evelina's father through the account information." 
Lemira nodded, forcing a small smile. “Let's hope so."
She thought about her previous life, about being killed by Evelina and those who murdered her parents, and felt a deep sense of injustice and frustration.
Orion watched Lemira, knowing he needed to uncover the truth before he could tell her everything.
After dinner, Lemira returned to her dorm on campus.
She glanced at Orion. "I'm heading back to my dorm now. Thank you for everything you've done for me."
She had already told Orion they should go their separate ways, but he had still done so much to help her.
He was the one who had uncovered this crucial lead.
At the moment, there weren't many people she could trust. Orion was one of the few.
Orion's hands tightened on the steering wheel. "You don't need to thank me. I wanted to do all of this."
He wished he could do more for her now.
One day, when she learned the truth, maybe she wouldn't hate him as much.
Lemira pressed her lips together, unable to say anything more.
?
She opened the car door and left. With so much going on, and without knowing the real reason for her. parents' deaths, she had no energy to think about personal matters. 
Lemira headed straight back to her dorm.
After just uncovering this new lead, she still wasn't calm enough. If she went back to the Langston Estate
Estate
he was afraid she might lose
control and give herself away. 
She would wait until she had solid evidence. Then she'd confront Asher with it, and make him see exactly what kind of person he had brought into the Langston family. Lemira could barely contain her hatred for Evelina.
She was determined to make Evelina and those behind her wish they'd never been born.
She would destroy everything Evelina hoped for, and make sure that two-faced girl spent the rest of her life in utter misery.
###Chapter 732
Lemira returned to her dorm room, weighed down by her thoughts. She told Stella everything that Orion had uncovered.
Stella drew in a sharp breath. "I actually suspected it might be business competition too, but I don't have Orion's resources or speed. This really could be it!"
The Sinclair family had already started celebrating their new energy project, which meant they were certain they'd win the bid.
If the car accident had been orchestrated by the Sinclairs, then everything made
sense.
Stella gave Lemira a hug. "Don't be upset. Finding a clue is a good thing. Once we catch Evelina's father, that'll be the proof we need. The Sinclairs must pay for what they've done!"
"That's exactly how I feel. My parents can't have died for nothing!"
Lemira wiped away her tears. "With two wonderful friends like you, and people who really care about me, I already have so much."
She was determined to live a life ten-no, a hundred-times better than her last, and to make those responsible for her parents' deaths pay the price.
That night, Lemira tossed and turned, unable to sleep. Her mind kept circling back to the connection between the Sinclair family and the accident all those years ago.
She dreamed about the crash again.
She was sitting by herself in the back seat, happily playing with a toy. Her mother, sitting in the front passenger seat, kept trying to cheer her up, promising to buy her a cake to make up for something.
Lemira wanted so badly to tell her parents to just go home, that she didn't want the cake anymore.
She didn't want them to be harmed.
But the accident still happened. Her head felt like it was splitting open, and her vision blurred into darkness.
Through the chaos, she heard her mother's desperat frantic voice: "Save her! Save the child first!"
Lemira vaguely remembered someone carrying her out of the car, but the hands that lifted her were clearly young-not the hands of a middle-aged man.
She jolted awake and stared at the ceiling in a daze.
If her dream was a memory rather than just a dream, then the person who saved her wasn't the driver-it was someone else.
Could that person have been from the Sinclair family's car?
Maybe it was the driver who caused the accident, or maybe just a passenger in the back.
Either way, that person was a crucial witness to what had happened.
She needed to find them.
That person could be the key.
The next day, when Lemira arrived at the team's training facility, everyone gathered around to talk about what had happened at the lecture the day before.
Some people had even recognized Lemira's boyfriend and realized he was a talented young CEO-the same man who had driven her home that night. The rumors about her. being a rich old man's kept woman were proven false. 
After chatting with her teammates for a bit, Lemira returned to her office to take care of some work.
The vice-captain, Timothy, knocked on the door and came in, his expression complicated.
He had just learned yesterday that Lemira was now a shareholder in a company, and once it went public, she'd be financially independent for life.
That made him realize they might not belong in the same world after all, and the thought left him uneasy.
Especially after seeing that photo of Lemira standing next to that man—he hadn't been able to sleep all night.
Lemira looked up at him. “You're just in time. You led the team to victory in the university tournament. I bet professional teams will be recruiting you soon."
"My goal is the national team," Timothy replied.
Lemira thought of her own
ambitions. She had been so busy
investigating the truth about her
parents' accident that she haunt
been to the training center in quite a while. 
FindNovel.net
She looked at Timothy and said, "Once I get through this, I'll make sure to spend more time training here."
Timothy hesitated, then said, "Are you free tonight? There are some tactics I'd like to go over with you."
He hadn't had a chance to see Lemira lately let alone ask her out. But watching her become more and more outstanding he felt compelled to act otherwise how could be ever hope to win the heart of the girl he liked? 
Just as Lemira was about to agree, her phone buzzed with a notification from the
Langston family group chat.
It was a wedding invitation-for Evelina and Evander.
That was fast.
She'd heard that Asher had already sent the first payment, but there hadn't been
any news from Evelina's side until now.
###Chapter 733
Here is the revised and polished version of your translation, fully aligned with the original Chinese text and American English conventions:
Lemira's eyes darkened noticeably. If Evelina was really getting married, she'd have to prepare an impressive gift for them.
Asher was rushing to arrange Evelina and Evander's wedding, most likely to give himself peace of mind. He figured that if Evelina officially became part of the family, he'd feel more secure about the finances.
Lemira saw straight through Asher's intentions.
But unfortunately for him, things wouldn't go as he planned.
She glanced at the group chat—tonight, she'd be heading back to the Langston Estate to watch the drama unfold.
She looked at Timothy with an apologetic smile. “I have something to take care of tonight. You can discuss the tactics with everyone else, and I'll review them later."
Timothy sounded a little disappointed. "Alright, maybe next time.”
"Sure. Just consult with the rest of the team. I've got to run."
Lemira really didn't have much energy to focus on the team these days, but with Timothy there, she wasn't worried about their training progress.
Suddenly, Timothy couldn't help but call out, “Lemira.”
"What is it?"
"It's nothing. Let's talk later."
Lemira nodded and walked out of the office.
If she didn't go back, how else would she find out what Evelina had been up to at
the Langston Group? Knowing Evelina's personality, she was bound to flaunt it.
Before leaving, Lemira saw Evander had posted pictures of jewelry in the group chat —he was apparently picking out wedding jewelry for Evelina.
Show-off, she thought.
On a whim, she grabbed the jewelry and the Hermès bag Orion had gifted her.
When Stella saw Lemira suddenly all dressed up, she grinned. "Evelina and Evander went to pick out wedding jewelry, but Evander's pretty strapped for cash, so he probably only got her something basic. If you show up wearing that limited- edition necklace, Evelina will lose her mind!"
"Oh? That's exactly the effect I'm going for."
Lemira was feeling more and more fed up with Evelina and the Langston family.
If she weren't trying to keep a low profile, she wouldn't have let Asher threaten and strong-arm her over and over.
Carrying a bag worth hundreds of thousands and wearing fine jewelry, Lemira headed back to the Langston Estate.
The estate was ablaze with lights, and servants bustled back and forth.
She noticed that the whole mansion, inside and out, had been redecorated-and the interior now had a princess-themed makeover.
Lemira took one look and hated it. She immediately called over a servant. "These curtains look awful. Change them back."
The servant looked awkward. "But Ms. Evelina ordered the new decorations, specifically for the wedding."
"Her wedding is none of my business. Why does she get to redecorate my house?"
Lemira fixed the servant with a look "All of you, stop what you're doing. Take the curtains down right now, or you can all leave with them. This is my house-I make the rules! 
"Oh, so it's your house, your rules, huh?"
Evander stormed in, furious. "Don't you know Eve and I are getting married? Of
course the place needs to be redecorated."
"Redecorate all you want, but only if I approve the changes."
Lemira stared him down. “Otherwise, you can pack up and get out right now."
Evander's face turned red with anger. "Lucian, you saw that, right? Did you see how Lemira just acted? She manipulated Asher into giving her this villa, and now she's trying to kick us out!" 
Lucian Langston walked over, looking at Lemira with a sigh. "Lemmy."
"What are you doing back?"
Lemira was a little surprised to see Lucian.
"Alaric said he'd look after Caspian for me, so I came back."
In truth, it was because Alaric Langston had told him there wasza lot going on at home and he was worried Asher was being taken advantage of by Evelina, so he urged Lucian to return quickly. 
Lemira wasn't all that surprised—Lucian had always liked to play the peacemaker.
She said coldly, "Good timing. The villa is in my name now. This is my house, and I won't allow anyone to change the decorations without my say-so!"
Evander was seething. “Lemira, Asher only gave you the villa because you forced him to! There's no way this place really belongs to you!"
###Chapter 734
"The deed is in my name. If you really want to make this ugly, I'll call the police and you'll be thrown out, one way or another."
Lemira stood her ground, unwavering.
Lucian frowned. “Enough, stop arguing. Since the villa belongs to Lemmy, it's only fair she decides how it's decorated."
“Lucian, why are you taking Lemira's side? When Eve told me about this, I didn't believe her, but now I can't help but see it.”
"Evander, if I agreed to let you remodel the house, wouldn't that be taking your side instead?"
Evander insisted, completely unabashed, "Eve and I are getting married. Isn't it normal for you to favor us?"
"I think you're the one not thinking straight. I don't want to show favoritism to anyone. Whoever owns the house gets to make the decisions."
Looking at Evander, Lucian felt nothing but disappointment. Evander hadn't changed at all since childhood-still selfish and self-absorbed.
Just then, seeing Evander getting nowhere, Evelina finally emerged.
She stood beside Evander, her voice full of grievance. “Lucian, I only want to redecorate for the good of the Langston family. The Al project has taken off recently, and a lot of people are eager to work with Asher. I thought we could use my wedding as a chance to bring everyone together and build some partnerships."
Lucian's brow furrowed. "Has Asher already sent the money?"
"The first payment's already gone through."
Evelina felt a surge of excitement-her plan was nearly complete.
But Lucian's tone turned cautious. “Evelina, I heard you were the one who introduced PZ Group to Asher. When did you get to know people from PZ Group?” Evelina's expression grew awkward. "Lucian, it was just by chance. I'm a business school student, after all. I met them at a few networking events with my classmates." "With your background, why would such a major international group come to you instead of going straight to Asher?"
Recalling what Alaric had told him, Lucian felt something wasn't right. That's why he'd rushed back, worried about what might happen to Asher.
Evelina forced herself to explain, "Lucian, they were obviously interested in Asher. I was just the go-between. What they see is the Langston Group's potential."
But Lucian still didn't believe her.
Evelina started to cry. "Lucian, I
know you have your issues with me, so you don't trust me But I'm part of the Langston family too want to see our business succeed. 
Evander quickly tried to comfort her. "Lucian, if you want to question someone, it should be temira She's a Langston, but she's always helping outsiders go against her own family!" 
Lucian rubbed his temples. “I just thought something seemed off. I was only asking."
The truth was, the Langston Group's Al project wasn't competitive at all.
He'd come up with the idea himself, and even though Asher was running it now,
Lucian knew its limitations better than anyone.
Off to the side, Lemira heard Evelina confirm that the first payment had already been made.
1?.
She deliberately set her six-figure Hermès bag on the table and said with an air of superiority, "Put the curtains back the way they were or all of you can leave!" 
Why should she put up with this nonsense any longer?
Evelina pleaded, "Lemmy, I know you don't like the way the place is decorated, but it's my wedding, I—”
"You can leave too!"
Evelina burst into tears, and Evander quickly rolled his wheelchair over. "Lemira, do you realize the CEO of PZ Group will be at the wedding?"
Lemira's hand suddenly paused.
It was just what she'd been hoping for-she'd been trying to find a lead on the real owner behind PZ Group for ages.
###Chapter 735
Lemira hadn't expected the owner of PZ Group to attend the wedding.
She remembered that in her previous life, the man behind PZ Group had always kept a very low profile, seldom appearing in public or socializing with others—he would always send his people to handle business on his behalf. It wasn't until PZ Group collapsed that the mysterious boss was finally arrested. Even then, there was barely any information about him. That was what made things difficult for Lemira now.
Orion hadn't managed to uncover anything more either; he was careful not to alarm anyone, making sure not to draw attention to his investigation. They were all waiting for a lead from Evelina's side-hoping to catch Evelina's father.
As Lemira stayed silent, Evander assumed he'd managed to scare her.
With obvious pride, Evander announced, "Our wedding will be right here in this villa. We've invited a lot of important and influential people. There are so many
companies dying to work with PZ Group, but they never even get the chance. They clearly value our family—the Langstons!"
Evelina also looked pleased with herself. "Lemmy, after the wedding, I'll have all the decorations changed back. Does that sound good to you?"
Lemira kept her face expressionless, neither agreeing nor ing. She was actually rather curious to meet the head of PZ Group herself.
Lucian tried to ease the tension. "If Lemmy isn't saying no, that's as good as a yes. She's just all talk, really."
Evelina felt a wave of irritation, convinced that Lemira was being difficult on purpose.
She deliberately showed off the necklace around her neck. "Well then, thank you, Lemmy. Do you like my necklace? Evander insisted on buying it for me today."
Evander chimed in boastfully, "We're about to get married, of course I'm going to get you the best. Unlike some people who only look glamorous on the outside but actually have nothing."
Lucian could tell exactly who Evander was referring to. He looked at Lemira, his expression complicated. Who would have thought the penniless school medic was actually the Everhart heir? Lucian found it odd-why would someone of his status work at a school, and why was he so close to Lemira? If it was just a coincidence, it seemed a little too perfect.
He couldn't help but ask, “Lemmy, how are things between you and Mr. Everhart?” "It is what it is," Lemira replied nonchalantly.
As soon as she said that, Evelina put on a smug face. "Lemmy, don't take it too hard. After all, Mrs. Eileen doesn't like you, so there's not much Mr. Everhart can do."
Lemira's lips curled into a cold, sly smile. She straightened her collar, deliberately revealing the necklace she was wearing.
Evelina's self-satisfied expression disappeared at once.
Feigning surprise, Lemira said, “Oh, I almost forgot about this necklace. It looks a bit
like yours, doesn't it? But yours is a bit plain-no diamonds at all."
The necklace around Lemira's neck was set with small diamonds, sparkling brilliantly under the lights.
Evelina was momentarily blinded by
the shine, her jealousy flaring up.
She had really wanted a limited edition necklace, but, of course being limited edition it was almost impossible to get. Evander couldn't manage anything better, so he'd only gotten her the fegular version. Who would've expected Lemira, of all people, to have one? 
Lemira, half-smiling, said, "Evander, you really dropped the ball here. You're about to get
married shouldn't you get your wife something a little nicer? This one's so plain, it's almost embarrassing to wear out!" 
Evelina was so angry she couldn't speak.
Evander sneered, “Lemira, what are you so proud of? Everyone knows how you got that necklace. You only have it because you were willing to lower yourself and sleep around for it..."
Lucian couldn't listen any longer-he raised his hand and slapped Evander across the face.
Evander was stunned. "Lucian, what was that for?"
"Say whatever you want about outsiders, but Lemira is your own sister. Watch your mouth."
Lucian was usually mild-mannered,
but when he lost his temper, he
could be intimidating. Evander respected Lucian-after all, when he was sick years ago it wastucian who had taken care of him without complaint. 
He could only swallow his anger. “I'm not wrong, though. Ask her yourself if you don't believe me!"
Lemira smiled and said, "It's true-Orion gave it to me. I didn't even want it, but he insisted, so what could I do? Evander, maybe you should take a lesson."
"If I were as rich as Orion, there'd be nothing I couldn't buy."
###Chapter 736
Evander was fuming-Lemira, that troublesome girl, really was born under a lucky star.
Lemira glanced over. "So you know you're broke, huh? You'd better work harder. Evelina is at the company, helping Asher manage major projects. If you turn out to be a nobody, people will just say you're living off your wife."
Evander's face changed instantly. The way he looked at Evelina was no longer full of delight.
Lately, he'd been feeling a little uneasy. Evelina always claimed she was working overtime, sometimes not even coming home.
Who could say if she was really working late?
Evelina shot Lemira a glare, then hurried Evander off to the side to calm him down.
She couldn't let this deadweight ruin her plans.
That left just Lemira and Lucian in the living room.
Lucian turned to her. "Lemmy, do you know why Asher is so fixated on the Al project? Is there something more going on?"
"How could I possibly know? It's just that the project has a lot of promise-everyone wants a piece of the action."
"Lemmy, Caspian and I want you to know that, if you're willing to come back to the Langston family, we'll support you in whatever you want to do. You can be your own boss; you won't have to answer to anyone—not even the Everhart family."
"You're wrong. I don't answer to anyone."
"Lemmy, I know we've let you down over the years. When Rowan heard about what's been happening at home, he even called Asher and told him not to play favorites. We're all on your side."
There was a hint of mockery in Lemira's eyes. "You mean to tell me Rowan actually called Asher to plead for me?"
"That's right. Rowan said he'd back you up too. He won't let you be mistreated by the Langstons again!"
A cold, sarcastic glint flashed in Lemira's eyes.
She could still remember the pain from the operation when she lost her kidney in her previous life. That memory was far from faded.
Lemira shot Lucian a look. "Asher said he found a lead about the people in the car that caused the accident back then, but he hasn't told me what it is. If you really want to make it up to me, you'd do better to ask Asher what that lead is.”
"Don't worry, I'll look into it. But about you and Orion, what exactly is "
Lucian wanted to ask more, but Lemira walked away without a word.
She'd only come back to watch the drama and gather information—she had no intention of pretending to be a happy family with the Langstons.
Lucian watched her leave and could only sigh helplessly.
He'd thought that after some time back, Lemira might warm up to the family, but clearly she still had her grievances.
Back in her room, Lemira thought over Evelina's words. The next day at school, she saw that Evelina was also back, arm in arm with Susanna, acting like the two of there were best friends. 
Lemira glanced at them, feeling instinctively that something was off about their friendship.
It wasn't long before Debby told her that Sophia had met with Asher-apparently to discuss a partnership on the Al project.
Lemira found this odd. "Didn't Susanna brag to me the other day that the Sinclair family would be working with the Everharts? So why did Sophia go to Asher herself?"
"Maybe Mr. Everhart turned the
Sinclairs down. After all, Maple
Group is a new company he
co-founded with MrDraven it's not
a part of the Everhart family business, so he doesn't owe them any favors." 
Lemira was actually a little pleased to hear that Orion had refused Sophia.
Susanna had been so smug about it, but Lemira hadn't bothered to ask Orion. Partnerships among wealthy families were complicated enough, and Mrs. Amelia was Orion's mother's close friend. With that kind of connection, Orion would've had a hard time saying no. 
Lemira understood all this perfectly, so she stayed out of it.
But she hadn't expected Orion to actually turn them down.
Lemira lowered her voice. "Has the date for the second payment been set?”
She'd checked Evelina's account and saw nothing unusual. Asher was probably keeping a close eye on the first payment, so Evelina hadn't had a chance to make a
move.
But Asher couldn't watch forever.
"The second payment is scheduled for the end of this month."
Lemira clicked her tongue. Evelina and Evander's wedding was also at the end of the month.
Looks like there's going to be quite a show.
###Chapter 737
For the next several days, Lemira kept a discreet eye on Evelina's activities.
The "two-faced" girl only showed up at school a couple of times to flaunt her jewelry and designer accessories, and then disappeared again. Lemira figured she was most likely avoiding Dorian.
Ever since Dorian had learned about Evelina's engagement, he'd looked utterly heartbroken. It's always true-people only cherish what they can't have. Evelina certainly knew how to keep men hanging on her every move.
Lemira had half-expected Evelina to get cocky and make another trip to the dealership, but in the end, Evelina never went. After her late-night visit to the dealership last time, no one knew what was discussed, but Evelina's father never made an appearance. Evelina had only met with that distant uncle. Still, it was obvious that this uncle was in contact with Evelina's father and was aware of the car accident all those years ago. If they couldn't get Evelina's father, catching this uncle would be the next best thing. But Lemira was convinced that nabbing Evelina's father was the key.
Suddenly, Lemira's phone buzzed with a message: [Hehe, I'm watching you. I know what you're up to.] She immediately tried to trace the number, but it was a virtual line. Whoever it was had taken precautions.
Lemira didn't dwell on it, but later that evening, while she was out walking on the track with Stella and the others, she received another message: [There sure are a lot of people out on the field tonight.]
Lemira stopped and glanced around. Sure enough, the place was crowded. But she had no idea who was behind the messages.
"What's wrong?" Stella had noticed the sudden change in Lemira's expression.
Lemira just shook her head, kept quiet, and slipped her phone back into her bag. This wasn't the place for a conversation.
"Lemira, stop right there!"
A group of girls strode purposefully toward them. Lemira recognized one at once- wasn't this the girl who'd deliberately made things difficult for her at the panel discussion a few days ago? Word was, she was dating the president of the student news club.
Lemira stopped and looked them over. "Did you need something?"
"Lemira, you're so cruel! We're all classmates-why did you have the school discipline our dorm leader?"
"Yeah! All she did was gossip a little. Everyone talks-why should she be punished for it?"
Hearing this, Lemira immediately understood why they'd come. Her tone was calm as she replied, “I never asked the school to punish anyone, and I don't know how the administration handles rumors."
Stella spoke up, "From what I heard, the school disciplined the person who took the photos and the one who made the post. One secretly took pictures and spread them, the other wrote false things online both deserved consequences." 
Stella didn't mention any names-she simply made it clear that the real troublemakers were punished if this girl was one of them, it meant she was either the one who'd taken the pictures or the one who'd written the post. She certainly wasn't innocent 
The three girls, who'd arrived so aggressively, suddenly fell silent.
The news club president's girlfriend looked at Lemira with pleading eyes. “Lemira, I wasn't spreading rumors. I just accidentally took a photo and sent it to my boyfriend I never thought he'd post anything like that!"
"But that's not what you said at the discussion the other day."
Lemira wasn't about to play the saint. She responded coldly, "You made your choices. Now you have to face the consequences."
She figured that the girl's boldness probably meant this wasn't her first time spreading rumors. And to have the nerve to talk like that in front of the dean—she was really something.
The girl's face went pale, and she dropped to her knees in front of Lemira. “Lemira, I really was wrong. Please, just forgive me this once."
The commotion drew a growing crowd. Lemira was somewhat of a campus celebrity these days, and more and more people stopped to watch, whispering among themselves.
"Oh, give it a rest," Oanice said,
pushing the girl aside. She raised her
voice, "Everyone here has worried
about being smeared on the school
forum It's about time someone cleaned it up. Maybe this
punishment will finally make people think twice before posting rumors." 
Stella added, “Besides, the school only punished those responsible for starting
rumors. If you got punished, that means you really did something wrong."
###Chapter 738
Here is the revised and polished translation, carefully aligned with your instructions and optimized for American English readers:
“But the roommate didn't do it on purpose. Isn't it a bit too much to punish her right away?"
"Can't you give her another chance?"
Lemira shot a cold look. "Give her a chance? Plenty of other girls have had their pictures taken and posted online, with rumors that they were being picked up in fancy cars and had relationships with wealthy men off-campus. This isn't the first time something like this has happened.”
A pretty girl nearby walked over and scoffed, "Not the first time? Hardly. Any girl they don't like gets smeared this way."
The girl kneeling on the ground shrank back, not daring to say a word.
Lemira had expected as much. She looked at the kneeling girl and said, "Don't try to guilt-trip me. You definitely owe me an apology—and you should apologize to every other girl you've hurt before."
"Exactly. She thinks she can get away with this just because she's the student newspaper president's girlfriend. She's always pulling this kind of stunt."
"She doesn't just spread ugly rumors, either. She's falsely accused people of stealing and even bullied a girl in their dorm until she dropped out."
Oanice pulled out her phone, voice dripping with sarcasm. "Maybe we should take her photo and post it on the campus forum. I'm sure plenty of people would come forward about all the things she and her friends have done. People aren't blind, you know, so stop trying to play the victim."
The other students kept murmuring. The kneeling girl jumped up and ran off, terrified of being caught on camera.
Oanice lowered her phone. "Hah! When they were taking pictures of others, it was all about freedom of the press. Now that it's their turn, they run faster than rabbits!"
Lemira gave a small smile. "Let's go. No point in hanging around here any longer." Their walk had lost its appeal.
Soon, Oanice was livestreaming the campus forum discussion on her phone-by now, the rumor-mongering was a hot topic.
Quite a few people were stepping up to share their experiences as targets of those three girls' lies.
That's how it goes: once someone's down, everyone piles on.
But Stella glanced at Lemira. "You've seemed distracted ever since you checked your phone. What's wrong?"
"Someone sent me harassing messages."
Lemira showed her the texts, and Stella's expression changed. "Did you figure out who it was?"
"It's a burner number. Whoever it is did it on purpose."
Lemira couldn't pin down who it was, but she was pretty sure it was someone she'd crossed paths with before.
Anyone could put two and two together.
But Lemira didn't dwell on the harassing texts for long—Evelina and Evander's
wedding was right around the corner.
The day before, Lemira returned to the Langston Estate.
She arrived to find the villa redecorated in an over-the-top princess style.
Evelina was acting like the lady of the house, bossing the staff around, determined
to make every detail of the wedding perfect.
Lemira strode in, letting out a dry
small you're still trying foret
chuckle. Wow, with a space this
outdoor wedding? Couldn't Evander spring for someplace a little bigger?" 
Evelina's jaw clenched in frustration. "What do you know? The PZ Group CEO
doesn't like crowds-he prefers someplace cozy and homey."
Typical-the elusive PZ Group CEO always has an excuse.
Evelina went on, showing off: “You probably haven't heard, but a lot of families are trying to get in with
Asher since the PZ Group CEO in et
making his first public appearance at my wedding. There'll be plenty wealthy guests." 
Evelina finally felt triumphant. "Even Mrs. Waverly and Mrs. Amelia are coming."
Those society ladies used to look down on her-now they were coming to her wedding.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "That's just because you're in charge of the Al project now. They're coming for business, not for you."
"That's right. Asher said the position was supposed to be yours, but since you didn't want it, I had to step in."
There was a gleam of satisfaction in Evelina's eyes-she'd finally gotten one over on Lemira.
And at tomorrow's wedding reception, she was determined to put Lemaira in her place repaying the humiliation from the Waverly party a hundredfold. 
She was going to ruin Lemira—once and for all.
###Chapter 739
Lemira caught the self-satisfied, triumphant gleam in Evelina's eyes-she looked every bit the picture of smugness.
Deliberately, Lemira put on a stern face, making it clear she was displeased.
Evelina's delight only grew at Lemira's reaction. “Lemmy, we're family, after all. If you're willing to come back and help out, I'll definitely put in a good word for you with Asher. I'd even give up this position for you."
Of course, by then, the Langston Group would be nothing but an empty shell.
Even if Lemira came back, all she'd inherit would be a pile of debt—nothing beneficial at all.
Just picturing Lemira's fate tomorrow made Evelina feel perfectly satisfied.
With Mrs. Amelia and Mrs. Waverly both present to witness everything firsthand, word of Lemira's "disgrace" would surely reach the Everhart family.
By then, would Orion really still want Lemira, after her reputation was ruined?
Lemira could sense all the calculation and barely-contained malice in Evelina's eyes.
She kept up her act, storming into the main hall with a sullen, angry expression.
She glanced at the wedding candy and fruit platters on the table, then swept them all to the floor.
Lucian walked over. "Lemmy, what's wrong?"
"Nothing. I just don't like seeing my house turned upside down. It puts me in a bad mood, that's all."
Lemira made her dissatisfaction obvious.
At that moment, Evelina came out, beaming, and said to Lemira, "Lemmy, once my wedding's over, I'll make sure everything gets put back the way it was."
Lemira snorted coldly and didn't bother replying.
Evelina strutted away, humming cheerfully, the sound of her heels echoing down the hall.
Seeing Evelina's smugness, Lucian tried to comfort Lemira. "Don't let it get to you. Evelina's just overexcited about her wedding and not thinking straight."
Lemira lowered her voice. "Did you ask Asher about what I mentioned? Did he say anything?"
Lucian shook his head. "Asher's tight-lipped, almost like he knew you'd ask."
Even though Lemira had insisted she didn't care and claimed Asher was lying to her, she still wanted to know if he was telling the truth.
Right now, every clue mattered.
Lucian leaned in and spoke quietly. "Lemmy, did you find something? I want to know too-if there was another reason behind Mom and Dad's death."
Lemira looked up, her dark eyes locking with Lucian's.
After a long pause, she let a hint of sarcasm cross her lips. "Of course there was another reason.
Otherwise what would Asherand be investigating?" fo FindNovel.net
"But you must have found something else, right?"
Since coming back, Lucian had picked up on Lemira's situation from things Alaric
and Asher had let slip.
He'd watched Lemira grow up; he knew her character.
She might resent the Langston family now, but when it came to their parents' accident, she'd never lie, nor would she
dig into it net
it
areal reason. 
It could only mean Lemira had found a lead.
Lemira's mouth curled into a cold smile. “That's right. But I'm not telling you—at least, not yet."
She'd wait until she caught the real culprit, then let her brothers know the truth. That would be a scene worth watching.
Lucian grew anxious. "Lemmy, two heads are better than one. I want to help.” "You don't even know what Asher's found. How exactly are you going to help?" There was open scorn in Lemira's eyes; she didn't spare Lucian's feelings.
Lucian hesitated, then said, "What if I get information from Asher and trade it with you?"
"That depends on what Asher uncovers."
Lemira didn't give him a straight answer. She stood and headed back to her room.
Lucian watched her retreating figure, feeling a sense of defeat. Lemira was so much more mature now than before.
He muttered to himself in frustration, "How did the Langston family end up like this?" He just couldn't make sense of it.
Why couldn't they be a normal, happy family?
Suddenly, Evelina's scream rang out from upstairs. "Lemira, what are you doing? Are you out of your mind?"
Lemira was standing by the window, tossing out a pile of things—including jewelry.
Evelina watched in anguish. “Lemira, do you have any idea how expensive that jewelry is? You're going to pay for this!"
Lemira raised her hand and slapped Evelina across the face. "This was my parents' room. No one's dared Here for years Who thes
set foot in
hell do you think
Il do you think you are, turning it into your bridal suite?" 
###Chapter 740
Here is your revised and polished translation, carefully edited to accurately reflect
the original Chinese text, preserve the emotional tone, and ensure the language and cultural references are natural and accessible to American readers:
Right now, Lemira felt such a surge of anger toward Evelina, she almost wanted to kill her.
She'd just come upstairs when she saw a maid leaving that room. It struck her as odd-she was certain Asher would never have agreed to this.
But when she opened the door, what greeted her was a room decked out in vibrant red, with the wedding dress hanging in perfect condition.
At that moment, Lemira's fury exploded. All she wanted was to destroy everything in sight.
She grabbed a pair of scissors and slashed the wedding dress to pieces.
Evelina was so furious her eyes turned red. "That's my wedding dress! It's haute couture can you even afford to replace it?"
Lemira shoved Evelina aside and tossed the ruined dress down the stairs.
Anyone who dared try to stop her was met with a swift kick.
Thanks to her recent training, Lemira's reflexes had improved considerably.
Hearing the commotion, Lucian rushed over. He took in the wreckage of the room and shouted, “Enough! Are you trying to tear the whole house apart?”
Evelina, both livid and heartbroken, cried out, "Lucian, you saw it-Lemira threw out all my things and destroyed my wedding dress!"
She'd carefully prepared all of this; everything was luxury goods. Even if the marriage wasn't expected to last, the jewelry and designer items were hers.
Lucian turned to Lemira. "I know why you're upset, but you should have at least asked for the reason first. The wedding's tomorrow, and there'll be so many guests watching!"
Lemira gave a bitter laugh. "If you all know why I'm angry, are you just playing dumb? Do none of you remember who used to live in this room?"
Lucian hesitated before finally replying, "I tried to talk Asher out of it, but he said the dead can't come back, and that this suite is just being used temporarily for Evelina's bridal room. It's the only space big enough."
In truth, Asher had made the decision because the CEO of PZ Group was coming. With so many prominent guests attending, the wedding couldn't look second-rate- so they gave Evelina this room to use for now.
Evelina started to cry pitifully. "That's right, I'm only using the room temporarily. I'll move out as soon as the wedding's over tomorrow."
Even though Evelina had no intention of moving out, she had to say this to shift all the blame onto Lemira.
Lemira hurled something at Evelina. "Say one more word, and I'll throw you out myself! Don't even think about having a wedding.”
Evelina immediately ducked behind Lucian. “Lucian, help me!"
Lucian blocked her and said to Evelina, “Just go. I'll handle this."
Fuming, Evelina had no choice but to leave—she needed to tell Asher about what happened.
Once everyone had left, the room fell into a heavy silence.
Lemira sank onto the floor, her face bleak. "You're all too much. You've always blamed me for our parents
hs, but do any of you ever care them?" 
FindNovel.net
Evander was a sycophant, only ever paying attention to Evelina.
Asher cared about nothing but profit.
Lucian was always the peacemaker, thinking letting someone stay a couple of nights was no big deal.
Only Lemira felt as if her heart had been stabbed, the pain almost unbearable.
Seeing her expression, Lucian was at a loss for words.
After a long silence, he finally spoke quietly, “It's my fault. I should have stopped
Asher. I didn't realize you'd be so hurt by this."
Lemira said nothing, just sat there, lost in thought.
Lucian, unsure what else to do, simply stayed by her side.
Suddenly, the bedroom door was kicked open with a b***.
Asher stormed in, furious. “Lemira, do you really think you can do
you you
whateve his house fust because you're now part of the Everhart family?" 
want inst
"Asher, Lemmy's only this angry because of Mom and Dad," Lucian tried to reason.
Asher snorted coldly. "She was the one who got them killed in the first place. What right does she have to be angry?"
Lemira stood up, her voice low and haunting. Last night, I had a dream. I remembered what happened the day of the crash. crash. Talso remembered what the person who saved me looked like." 
Her dark eyes fixed on Evelina.
###Chapter 741
Lemira's words landed like a bombshell.
They left a deep impression on everyone present.
Evelina's face went deathly pale; she could barely stay on her feet. This couldn't be happening.
If Lemira remembered what happened in the car accident now, and revealed that her father hadn't died, or what her father actually did back then, she would be finished.
Hadn't Lemira been unable to recall anything all these years? Why would she suddenly remember now, at such a critical moment!
The three Langston brothers were all visibly stunned.
Lucian was the first to speak. "Lemmy, why didn't you tell me something so important?"
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "Tell you? Look at what you've done! Our parents have barely been laid to rest, and you're already giving their room to the daughter of our enemy. Aren't you afraid of karma?"
"That's not true!" Evelina cried out, her voice shrill with panic. "I don't know anything about this. I believe my father isn't that kind of person."
Although Evander found it strange, he still stood up for Evelina. He said to Lemira, "You think we'll just believe you because you claim to suddenly remember
something?"
Evelina immediately relaxed, continuing to sob in Evander's arms.
Lemira's lips curled into a frosty smile. "So you'd rather believe an outsider than your own family?"
"Everyone knows you and Eve have issues. What if you're just making things up? Besides, everyone who was there back then is dead-who can prove what you say is true?” Evander insisted, clearly unwilling to believe Evelina's father could be involved.
Asher glanced at Evander. "Take Evelina back to her room and let her rest.” "Asher!" Evander protested.
Asher frowned. “Are you going to ignore what I say now, too?"
Evander fell silent, then led Evelina away.
Evelina's knees were shaking. Thank goodness Evander didn't believe Lemira. Thank goodness there had been no witnesses at the scene, and no one would believe Lemira's words.
Otherwise, she'd be done for.
But what exactly had Lemira remembered? Evelina desperately wanted to know, but she was too afraid to ask.
She had asked her father about the
accident before, but he always refused to talk about it. She would have to ask him again later-and
caure she was p
make
anything. 
FindNovel.net
for
Once Evelina had left, Asher finally spoke. "Lemira, what exactly did you remember?"
If Lemira really remembered what happened in the car accident, things would suddenly become much simpler.
"What did you find out?” Lemira countered.
Asher narrowed his eyes. "So you're lying. You didn't remember anything at all. Pathetic. Mom and Dad went to so much trouble to save you and you're too cowardly to remember a thing." 
If Lemira could remember, they might be able to catch the culprit.
If the truth was connected to one of the influential families, it would be a powerful bargaining chip.
"You can think I'm lying if you want. But I'll tell you this—I remembered a fragment. The person who saved me was young. It wasn't Evelina's father!"
That was enough to shock Asher.
He lowered his voice. "Did you see what that young man looked like?"
"Why should tell you?" Lemira replied, her tone mocking. "If the person who saved me wasn't Evelina's father, if there's more to the story of that accident, if it really does involve Evelina's father then what does that make all of you?" Cóntent 
Lemira's meaning couldn't have been clearer.
Asher staggered back a few steps, looking shaken. "That's impossible! Lemira, you're lying."
If the accident really was connected to Evelina's father, then Evelina was the daughter of their enemy!
Asher's voice turned sharp. "That's impossible. You're just saying this to sabotage the partnership between the Langston Group and PZ Group, aren't you?"
Asher refused to believe Lemira, especially at such a critical moment.
Any mistake now could jeopardize the partnership between the Langston Group and PZ Group.
Lemira's gaze was icy. "Why don't you take a guess?”
"Lemira, stop this nonsense. Don't think I don't know what you're up to. I'll look into the clues myself. But just look at the chaos you've caused today!"
###Chapter 742
Asher's voice was edged with anger as he took in the wrecked state of the room.
Lemira kicked a nearby aside. "Let me ask you your whole life, you've constantly used Mom and Dad's name to pressure me. But what about you? You actually gave away their room! Does that even make you human?"
"It was just for one night, so the guests wouldn't see and laugh at us. What's wrong with that?"
Asher didn't see the issue. After all, it was Evelina who had managed to connect with PZ Group, even inviting their CEO to the wedding. That was all thanks to her.
Lemira stepped forward, her eyes sharp and unyielding. "This is Mom and Dad's room. No one touches it—especially not Evelina. She doesn't deserve it!"
"But Evelina's done so much for the Langston family. And what about you? All you ever do is go against us!"
"If that's how you see it, then I'd be letting you down if I didn't do something drastic, wouldn't I?"
Lemira swept her gaze around the room. "Have all this cleared out-now. Otherwise, all of you can get out of here!"
"You're the one who should leave!"
"Asher, don't forget the deed to this house is in my name now. This is my home. I make the rules."
Lemira stood her ground, her expression proud and defiant.
Asher looked about ready to lash out, but Lucian stepped in to restrain him. "Asher, what do you think you're doing? Let her go!"
"Don't stop me! Did you hear what that brat just said? How can she talk like that?" Asher was seething with rage.
“Asher, you're not blameless, either. You agreed to let Evelina use Mom and Dad's room just for your own benefit. Do they even matter to you anymore?"
"But they've been gone for so many years! What did they ever do for me?"
Asher's emotions were fraying. "I've staked everything on this deal. Even if Lemira has the Everhart family behind her, the market's too big for anyone to control alone.”
Besides, with a global powerhouse like PZ Group involved, the Langston Group could expand internationally and still turn a profit.
This was a golden opportunity—everyone wanted a piece of it.
Asher glared coldly at Lemira. "I'll have the room cleaned up. You'd better not cause any more trouble."
He stormed off in anger.
Lucian gave a heavy sigh. "Lemmy, I'll make sure the room is put back the way it was. You win."
"I win?"
Lemira shot Lucian a mocking look. "You're right. You've all lost. When the truth comes out, you might not ever have the right to mourn at Mom and Dad's graves." 
"Lemmy, be honest with me. Did you really remember something?"
Lemira's gaze was frosty. "Yes."
"Then, which part of what you said is true?"
Lucian was visibly tense. If what Lemira said was true, then there really was more to that car
accident and Evelina's fathel
wasn't innocent, either. 
Lemira turned away, her voice icy. "You'll all know soon enough.”
That day wasn't far off.
Lucian wanted to press her further, but the house staff had already come in. Not wanting to be overheard, he held his tongue.
Lemira watched as everything was cleared out of the room, and the old furniture was brought back in. Some pieces were damaged from the move. 
She ran her fingers along the dressing table, her heart tightening at the sight of a crack in the wood.
The traces of those who have passed fade with time. In the end, they die a second death-when they vanish from memory.
Softly, Lemira whispered, "Mom, Dad, tomorrow I'll finally be able to get justice for you."
She had waited far too long for this day.
###Chapter 743
Lemira spent a while in her parents' room before finally stepping out and closing the door behind her.
She could hear Evelina crying and complaining somewhere nearby-clearly upset about being forced to switch rooms.
This only improved Lemira's mood.
After all, if the "two-faced" girl was unhappy, Lemira was delighted.
Lemira watched the scene coldly, thinking: Tomorrow, the "two-faced" girl will have even less to smile about.
She turned and returned to her own room, locking the door behind her.
First, Lemira carefully inspected the room for surveillance devices. Once she was certain there weren't any, she called Debby. "Is everything in place? Asher will make the transfer tomorrow."
"Everything's arranged. As soon as Evelina moves the company funds, we'll be able to trace the account straight to the culprit."
"Perfect. The CEO of PZ Group will be there tomorrow as well. He's always so elusive-this is the perfect opportunity to investigate him properly."
"Really? That's great news. I'll report to Mr. Everhart and get everything set up.”
At the mention of Orion, Lemira paused for a moment. “Alright.”
She had never intended to keep any of this from Orion anyway.
With his help, things would definitely go much more smoothly.
After hanging up, Lemira stared at the ceiling. Everything was ready. The next morning, Lemira slept in.
She was awakened by a commotion outside. After getting dressed, she went downstairs and saw the living room filled with wedding dresses.
Evelina wore a sour expression. “These are all just studio rental dresses, not my couture gown. If word gets out and my friends see this, I'll be a laughingstock."
Evelina had been so angry, she hadn't slept all night.
After all, Lemira had shredded her custom-made gown-just thinking about it made Evelina's heart ache.
Evander was trying to comfort her. "Eve, I've already sent someone to look for another one, but it's such short notice that we might not find anything in time. For now, just pick one of these as a backup.”
"I don't want a backup! They're so cheap-completely unworthy of my status!"
Evelina had already boasted to everyone about her couture wedding dress. If she didn't wear it today, it would be utterly humiliating.
Asher spoke coldly, "Stop making a scene. We don't have much time left. I thought you were different from Lemira and wouldn't throw tantrums like this."
Evelina was fuming this time, she was the one at a disadvantage!
This was nothing like before.
Evelina spotted Lemira and
immediately raised her voice. "It's all someone's fault! If you
didn't want
eto have that room, you didn't
have to destroy my wedding dress!" 
Evander turned and, upon seeing Lemira, became furious. "Lemira, you have the nerve to show your face? This mess is your doing—you'd better take responsibility!" "Yeah, right," Lemira shot back.
She walked over, swept all the items off the sofa onto the floor, and sat down in their place.
Evelina protested, "That's all my stuff!"
"Lemira, are you blind? You can't just toss things on the floor like that."
Lemira glanced at Evander. "This entire villa belongs to me. I'll sit wherever I please.
If you have a problem with it, the door's right there. Feel free to leave."
Evander's face turned red with anger.
Evelina burst into tears. “Evander, my own wedding is turning into a nightmare.”
Evander jabbed a finger at Lemira and snapped, "You ruined someone else's property, so you should be the one to pay for it."
Lucian walked over. "There's no time for this drama. What's the point of arguing?"
"Lucian, isn't Lemira close with
Everhart heir? With the Everhart
family's connections, finding a
limited-editionwed net
dress should
be à breeze, right?" Evander said. 
Evelina's eyes lit up with hope. "Exactly! If Mr. Everhart is willing to help, it'll be a piece of cake."
Lucian hesitated, then looked at Lemira. "Lemmy, why don't you ask Mr. Everhart?”
Lemira let out a laugh, her eyes full of mockery.
She answered coolly, "Why should I? You all tried to take over my parents' room, knowing full well what kind of person I am-and you still chose to provoke me well, you brought this on yourselves!" 
###Chapter 744
Evelina bowed her head, sobbing in silence, cursing Lemira a thousand times over in her mind. It was all the maid's fault for going into that room and letting Lemira find
out.
Evelina had done it intentionally-she wanted to disgust Lemira.
But that wretched Lemira had actually destroyed the room.
And she'd cut up her own wedding dress!
Now Evelina was filled with regret. If only she'd been more careful.
Lucian sighed helplessly. "Lemmy, you really shouldn't have ruined the wedding
dress. Now she has something to use against you."
Lemira's expression was cold and stern. "I do what I want. If you can't stand it, then leave."
At that, Evelina's sobs grew even louder.
Just then, someone entered from outside. "Good news-someone has delivered a dress."
A representative from a designer boutique walked in, carrying a white evening gown, and placed it in the center of the living room.
When Evelina saw the brand, she instantly brightened. "Evander, you always know what I like! But there's black detailing on this dress-it won't work."
Evander looked directly at the representative. "Yes, I need a white dress for my wedding. Please take this back and bring another.”
The representative replied, "Actually, this isn't a wedding gown. It's an evening dress for someone attending the wedding."
Evelina's face changed. "What do you mean? I'm the bride. You must be mistaken."
"I'm not mistaken. May I ask, are you Ms. Lemira Langston?"
Evelina's expression froze, and she turned back to glare at Evander. "Evander, did you order a dress for Lemira?"
"That's impossible!" Evander snapped, practically seething. He couldn't stand Lemira. Why would he ever order a dress for her? Absolutely not!
Lemira spoke up, "I'm Lemira."
The representative immediately approached her. "Ms. Langston, hello. This dress was prepared especially for you. Would you like to see if it meets your expectations?"
Lemira glanced at it. “But I didn't order a dress."
Why would she dress up for Evelina's wedding? She'd rather show up in mourning clothes.
"This was arranged by Mr. Everhart."
Lemira looked at the dress again, surprised that Orion would go to such lengths.
He must have heard she'd destroyed the 'two-faced' girl's wedding gown and decided to do this deliberately.
A faint smile appeared on Lemira's lips. "Is that so? What a surprise. The dress is beautiful."
She walked over for a closer look-it really was a lovely gown.
Evelina, beside her, was furious. "Evander, you promised you'd find me a dress!"
Evander turned to the

representative. "I called your boutique earlier about a white wedding dress. Why haven't you found one yet?” 
"I'm sorry, sir. I wasn't informed about that, and I'm not in charge of wedding dresses."
"You all work for the same brand. If you can deliver this gown, you can certainly find one that we like," Evander insisted.
As soon as he finished, Evelina approached the representative. "That's right, Lemmy and I are family. Could you help me find a dress too?" 
The representative glanced at Lemira.
Lemira replied coolly, "I'm not really close with these people."
Evander burst out, "Lemira, how can
you be so heartless? You're the one
who
Womed Eve's dress, and you
n't even try to make it right?” 
“I'm not paying. What are you going to do about it?"
Lemira had no interest in playing games with them. Her answer was simple: she wasn't going to compensate them.
Evander was so angry, his face twisted.
Evelina grew anxious and looked at Lemira. "Why don't you just give me your dress? I can have it altered to fit me."
After all, anything was better than a cheap off-the-rack wedding gown. Wearing a designer dress would give her more status.
Lemira scoffed. “Sure, but on one condition: you go outside my parents' room, get on your knees, and bow three times."
An enemy's daughter should have to kneel.
###Chapter 745
Here is the revised and polished translation, ensuring accuracy, fluency, and cultural adaptation for an American audience:
At Lemira's words, Evelina's face turned an ugly shade of green with fury.
She absolutely refused to kneel.
Lemira reclined on the sofa, a slight smirk on her lips. "So? Not a bad deal, right?" But Evelina turned to Evander, seeking his support. “Evander, are you seeing this?" Lemira cut in coldly, “You're going to have to kneel and pay respects to my mom and dad when you marry Evander anyway. Why not get it over with now?"
Lucian nodded in agreement. “Lemira's right. You'll have to do it eventually, so it doesn't matter if it's now."
At this, Evelina burst into tears. "But I don't want to kneel now!"
Lucian's expression hardened. "Then forget about this dress. The other wedding gowns should be fine."
Lemira glanced at the sales associate. “Take the dress back."
"Wait!" Evelina cried, stopping the associate. She was shaking with anger. If she had to wear a generic rental dress tonight, she'd be an absolute laughingstock. Losing face here was nothing compared to being the butt of high society's jokes this evening.
Gritting her teeth, Evelina forced out, "Fine, I'll kneel!"
Watching Evelina head upstairs, Lemira picked up the dress and followed. When Evelina knelt, Lemira handed her the dress and said, “Remember, when you bow, do it with some real effort."
Reluctantly, Evelina got down on her knees and bowed her head three times.
Seeing this, Lemira finally felt a rush of satisfaction—at least the woman who'd wronged her was now kneeling before her.
Evelina quickly scrambled to her feet and marched over to Lemira, holding out her hand. "I did what you asked. Give me the dress."
Lemira looked her up and down with obvious scorn. "You really are willing to go to any lengths, aren't you?"
Clearly, brand-name luxury meant more to Evelina than her pride.
Without hesitation, Lemira glanced at the dress in her hands and, relying on her own strength, tore it apart.
Evelina's face turned beet red, her voice rising to a shriek. “Lemira, you said you'd give me the dress! You're going back on your word!"
But Lemira had already ripped the dress to shreds.
She tossed the ruined gown at Evelina's feet. "Here you go. I gave it to you. I never broke my promise."
“But how am I supposed to wear this?” Evelina cried.
"I never said I'd give you a wearable dress. If you misunderstood me, that's on you, not me."
Lemira flashed a mocking smile and turned, walking downstairs with a spring in her step.
So this is what it feels like to be the villain. It's actually pretty satisfying.
Evelina was so furious she couldn't even cry. Who could have imagined Lemira would be so shameless?
Evander rushed to Evelina's side, trying to shield her. He shouted at Lucian,
“Lucian, you saw that! Do you see what Lemira's become?"
Lucian looked at Lemira, his gaze complicated. He hadn't expected Lemira to break her word like that she really had changed.
He walked over. "Lemmy, how could you do this? Eve did exactly as you asked."
If Evelina had done something like this,
coming from Lemira, it just felt wrong.
wouldn't have been surprised. But
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "I gave her the dress, didn't I?"
"Lemmy, how did you get like this? You can't treat people this way!"
Lemira looked straight at Lucian.. "Isn't this the version of me you always wanted to see? Arrogant, unreasonable, always picking on Evelina You never saw it before so I'm putting on a show for you now." 
Lucian was left speechless.
He lowered his voice. “Lemmy, I know this isn't the real you. We
misunderstood you before. Yol
don'Phave to change because of us-it's not worth it.” 
It really wasn't.
But Lemira only acted this way toward the Langston family.
She replied coolly, "If you all misunderstood me, then the one at fault isn't me—it's Evelina, isn't it?"
Her tone was sharp and relentless.
Lucian couldn't say a word in response. He slumped onto the sofa. "I can't do anything about this. Really, I can't."
Seeing this, Evelina's eyes, red from crying, filled with hatred for Lemira.
Evander hugged her tightly. "Eve, I promise I'll make it up to you."
“But what about the wedding tonight?" she asked.
"We'll just have to make do for now."
Evelina was seething. If she were willing to “make do,” she wouldn't have just knelt on the floor!
Damn it, Evander was completely useless. The whole Langston family was trash.
She would make them pay-every last one of them.
The second payment she would receive today was even bigger than the first. Once she got her hands on it, she could finally leave the Langston family for good content 
Thinking of this, Evelina had no choice but to swallow her anger.
###Chapter 746
She immediately fell silent.
Seeing this, a radiant smile bloomed on Lemira's face-happiness really was best built on the misery of others. It only made the pleasure twice as sweet.
Lemira headed straight to the dining room. Outside, Evelina's shrill voice still echoed through the halls as she continued to badger Evander, demanding he find her a new designer dress.
Lucian walked into the dining room, his expression troubled. “Lemmy, was that really necessary?"
"I've always been the petty, grudge-holding type you all knew that about me long ago, didn't you?" Lemira replied coolly.
Lucian fell silent. He knew now that all the misunderstandings between them had been because Evelina had deliberately stirred up trouble, making him see Lemira in the worst possible light.
In truth, Lemira had never been like that.
Just then, Asher's angry voice rang out, "So you admit it? Then you should take responsibility!"
Asher had just returned from work and, after hearing about what Lemira had done, was absolutely furious.
Lemira set her fork down unhurriedly. "And what exactly do I need to take responsibility for?"
"I know what happened. How could you act so dishonorably? Eve even got down on her knees to beg you, and you still weren't satisfied. You'd rather destroy the dress than forgive her?"
Asher could hardly believe what Evelina had told him, thinking she must have exaggerated-but Lemira admitted it herself.
When had Lemira become so unreasonable?
Lemira understood Asher was here to accuse her. She replied calmly, "That's just who I am. Isn't that what you've told me since we were kids? Now that I'm acting exactly like you always said I would, you're still not happy?"
When they were children, she'd never done any of those things, but after Evelina accused her, everyone believed she was the culprit. So now, she figured, why not just admit it? At least it would put an end to their constant moralizing.
Asher was so angry he couldn't get a single word out.
Lucian tried to smooth things over. "Asher, let it go. We've got enough to deal with today—no need to get caught up in the details."
Asher took the out Lucian offered. With Lemira being so defiant, she clearly wasn't going to show him any respect anyway.
He snorted, “Eve's already handling major responsibilities at the Langston Group. And what about you?"
At that moment, Evelina walked in. Asher handed her a file. "I've already had Finance wire the payment. You'll need to connect with PZ Group on your end."
"They sent it ahead of schedule?" Evelina was surprised.
"That's right. We'll all be family soon
enoy. Better to get woner sorted so you can focus on the 10
wedding tonight." 
Evelina covered her mouth in delight. "Asher, you're too good to me. Don't worry, I won't let you down."
With the money in hand, she'd never have to cater to these people again.
"We're all family. Of course I trust you," Asher replied, shooting Lemira a look as if to show off.
Lemira's smile only deepened. "Well, congratulations."
The more Asher flaunted his success now, the harder he would crash when he
found out the money was gone.
Evelina didn't have time to spar with Lemira-she took the file and left.
Lemira took out her phone and messaged Debby: “The funds have been transferred ahead of schedule."
"Got it," came Debby's reply.
Seeing Debby's message, Lemira's mood lifted considerably.
After finishing her meal, Lemira returned to her room, as if everything happening outside had nothing to do with her.
Her phone rang. It was Orion. "Do you want me to send over another dress?"
"No need. That 'two-faced' girl isn't worth me dressing up for. I already know what I'll wear."
Orion paused, then replied, "I've already made arrangements. That 'two-faced' girl wont be able to get her hands on the designer gown she wants. Even if she does, I'll make sure she can't wear it tonight." 
Lemira chuckled. So that's why Evelina couldn't get a single dress-Orion had been
pulling strings behind the scenes.
Given Asher's status and resources,
buying a high-end white dress
should have been easy. But in the
end, they couldn't get one.
.net>
Serves her right. For someone like that 'two-faced' girl, this must be torture.
Just then, Lemira heard Debby's voice through Orion's phone: "Evelina's already
wired the money out."
Lemira's breath caught.
The opportunity had finally arrived.
###Chapter 747
A wave of anxiety swept over Lemira.
Just as she expected, Evelina was finally making her move.
Orion spoke on the phone, "Don't worry, I'll personally keep an eye on things here. We'll definitely catch that driver."
"All right, I'll wait for your news."
After hanging up, Lemira took a deep breath. So it was finally happening.
She had thought it would take longer-after all, Asher had originally planned to make the payment only after the wedding. But her actions during the day must have provoked him, so perhaps out of spite, or to show how much he trusted Evelina, he had deliberately transferred the money ahead of schedule.
For her, that was actually a good thing.
In the afternoon, guests began to arrive one after another.
Evelina appeared in a simple, fresh white dress. Since she still hadn't managed to get her hands on a limited-edition designer gown, she didn't want to show up in a cheap one too early and be laughed at.
Anyway, now that the money had been transferred just as her father instructed, she would soon be free from the Langston family.
Just thinking about that brightened her mood considerably.
Lemira, dressed in plain clothes, came downstairs and saw Evelina outside,
beaming as she welcomed the Sinclair sisters inside.
Susanna glanced around with obvious distaste. “This villa is so small."
A wedding at home? How utterly shabby.
Sophia gently pressed her sister's hand, then turned to Evelina with a polite smile. "My mother had something urgent to attend to today and couldn't make it, so my sister and I are here on her behalf. We hope you'll help explain this to the CEO of PZ Group."
In truth, it was Mrs. Amanda who wasn't coming, and her mother felt it was beneath her status to attend alone. After all, a family like the Langstons really wasn't worthy of Mrs. Amelia's personal appearance.
Evelina's smile stiffened. So Mrs. Amelia wasn't coming again? It was a clear sign of disrespect toward the Langston family! The Sinclairs were in need of money and had sought out this partnership themselves, yet they still managed to act so superior.
Still, Evelina kept her thoughts to herself, though her expression soured.
Susanna, however, kept up her tone of disdain. "This place really is on the small side."
"If you think this place is too small to accommodate someone as important as you, Susanna, you're welcome to leave right now."
Lemira walked out, radiating a commanding presence. She was dressed all in black, with a single white flower tucked behind her ear.
Susanna rolled her eyes. "As if I even want to be here."
Sophia hurriedly interjected, "Please don't mind my sister. I actually think small
weddings are cozy and intimate—there's no need for a big production."
Evelina forced a smile. “Exactly. The CEO of PZ Group prefers to keep a low profile, so we decided not to make a big fuss."
If it weren't for that, she would never have agreed to hold the wedding at home. It was so humiliating.
Of course, Sophia knew everyone
was here for one reason: to meet the
CEO of PZ Group. If they could manage to make a connection, it would be a huge benefit for the Sinclair family-relationship with such an international corporation was nothing to scoff at. 
Sophia quickly shifted the conversation, looking at Lemira. "Ms. Langston, is that
what you're wearing to the wedding? Isn't it a bit... somber?"
Evelina felt a twinge of satisfaction seeing Lemira in such a plain black outfit not attracting any attention. At leas that little b*** knew who the real star was. 
white
Susanna giggled behind her hand, "Lemira's all in black, with a white flower. If you didn't know better you'@think she was here for a funeral, not a wedding." 
Hearing that, Evelina suddenly realized something was off.
She glared at Lemira, full of indignation. “Are you cursing me? You are not allowed
to wear something so inauspicious to my wedding!"
Lemira answered coolly, "What I wear is none of your concern. This is my villa, and I
never said I was attending your wedding, so don't flatter yourself."
With that, Lemira turned and headed to the food table.
Evelina was left fuming. That wretched Lemira.
Sophia looked surprised. “Did Lemira say this villa was hers?"
“Hmph. It technically belongs to the Langston family, but Lemira pulled some tricks and managed to get it in her own name."
###Chapter 748
Evelina felt uneasy, but she forced herself to greet the guests—after all, mingling with high society could only help her future prospects.
Susanna muttered under her breath, mocking, "Sis, just look at how shabby the Langston family is. Flaunting a single villa like it's something special."
Sophia managed a faint, bitter smile. "This villa isn't exactly cheap, you know."
With the Sinclair family caught in a financial crisis and all their real estate tied up as collateral, if they couldn't pull through, they might soon lose even places like this. Sophia kept this from Susanna; such news couldn't be allowed to leak out and cause chaos within the family.
No matter what, today she had to make a good impression on the PZ Group CEO— build a connection, get his contact. If they could secure foreign investment, the Sinclair Group might finally catch a break.
Once Lemira had eaten her fill, she gazed toward the banquet hall, noticing how the crowd kept growing.
Eventually, even Mrs. Waverly arrived.
Aside from the PZ Group CEO, Mrs. Waverly was the most distinguished guest at the event. The moment she entered, the Sinclair sisters hurried over, forming a tight little circle around her and all but ignoring anyone they deemed less important.
Lemira noticed everything, standing off to the side as she, too, waited for the arrival of the mysterious PZ Group CEO.
Before long, Evelina emerged in her wedding gown, accompanied by Asher as they made their way to the entrance—just as a luxury car pulled up outside.
A foreign man got out. He looked like a perfectly ordinary middle-aged Westerner, his features unremarkable in every way.
Evelina smiled and announced, “This is Mr. Mack, the CEO of PZ Group."
Asher greeted him with a friendly smile, which Mack returned. Everything seemed harmonious on the surface.
Evelina lifted her chin, taking on the air of a proud princess.
She led Mr. Mack over to Mrs. Waverly and personally introduced them.
Both Mrs. Waverly and Sophia lit up with genuine delight—the guest they'd been waiting for had finally arrived.
Asher turned to Evelina. "Go get ready for the ceremony. I'll keep Mr. Mack company."
“Alright,” Evelina replied, though she was clearly reluctant to leave. After all, Mack was there because of her, and the attention made her pride swell.
Lemira watched from the sidelines, quietly snapping a photo of Mack and sending it to Orion. They'd never managed to dig up any solid information about the PZ Group CEO before now.
Yet, Lemira still felt something was
off. Was this really the legendary CEO of RZ Group? Or was he just
discreet and low-profile that be blended right in? 
Soon, Orion called. Lemira stepped into a quiet corner to answer. "Did you find anything?"
“We did. We're moving in to apprehend him now.”
Hearing this, Lemira glanced back at the bustling banquet, her mind suddenly calm and focused.
She pressed her lips together. "Are you sure you'll catch him?"
Everything was going so smoothly that it made her uneasy.
"We will. Trust me."
No one wanted to catch the real culprit or uncover the truth about the car accident more than Orion.
A faint happiness stirred in Lemira's heart. "Alright, I trust you. Now it's my turn.”
The music for the wedding march began to play.
She ended the call and walked forward, watching as Evelina, in her
wedding dress entered arm in arm with Evander. Both wore radiant smiles. 
Lemira stepped in front of them, blocking their way.
Asher rushed over immediately. "Lemira, what are you doing?"
"I told you, I have a wedding gift for Evelina."
Lemira smiled, but Asher felt a wave of dread. He grabbed her wrist tightly. “Don't do anything crazy. I'm warning you!”
Lemira just smiled back. At that moment, the large screen behind them switched to
a different scene.
A video appeared, showing a
middle-aged
woman man on top of a young
woman, kissing and groping her, his voice calling out Evelina's mate
The footage was crystal clear. The woman beneath him was unmistakably Evelina.
The guests gasped in shock, and the entire venue instantly erupted into chaos.
###Chapter 749
When the high-definition video began to play, the room erupted in chaos.
The instant Evelina saw the footage, she was on the verge of losing control-Lemira had actually released the video! Hadn't Lemira promised to delete it? That wretched woman! Evelina seethed with rage, determined to have her father take revenge on Lemira.
Desperately, Evelina turned to Evander, pleading, “Evander, this video is fake—it's been edited! Lemira is trying to ruin me!"
Without hesitation, Evander slapped Evelina across the face. "Do you think I don't recognize that room? Who could possibly fake a video this convincingly?"
Crying and holding her cheek, Evelina insisted, "I swear, the video is fake!"
Evander was livid. “Evelina, you shameless woman! You even slept with the head butler!"
He could hardly believe she would stoop so low-even with the head butler.
Lucian stepped in, holding Evander back. "It's a fake. Don't believe it—not in front of all these people."
Evander was furious enough to want to kill Evelina, but Lucian was right. They couldn't admit the video was real, not now, not with all these guests watching. They had to stick to the story that it was a forgery, or their reputation would be ruined. Evelina rushed at Lemira, sobbing, "Lemmy, why are you framing me? I know you're jealous that I took the attention of our brothers, but I never wanted to take anything from you."
At this moment, Evelina truly wished she could kill Lemira.
Asher grabbed Lemira's wrist in a tight grip. "Apologize! Admit you were wrong!"
He couldn't let Lemira destroy the Langston family—not today, especially with the PZ Group's president present. They couldn't afford such disgrace. Admitting the video was real was out of the question.
Lemira shot Asher a glance, then effortlessly flipped him over her shoulder, sending him sprawling to the ground.
She brushed her hands off, unbothered. “The video is real. Why should I apologize? I did this for Evander's sake to keep him from being deceived by a manipulative woman."
Asher grimaced as he got up from the lawn; if it hadn't been for the soft grass, he might have been seriously hurt.
Pointing at Lemira, Asher shouted, "You get out! Don't ever come back to the Langston family!"
"You've got it all wrong,” Lemira replied coldly. “This villa belongs to me. If anyone should leave, it's all of you."
She stood her ground, her gaze icy. Looking around at the assembled guests, she pulled out copies of the property deed. "This is my house. Please leave. The wedding is over."
Did they really think they could hold a wedding here without regard for whether her late parents would approve? She certainly didn't approve.
She had waited so long, tolerated so much, all for this day. Now that her plan had come together, she had no reason to put on an act for the Langstons. They could all get out.
The guests exchanged bewildered glances, unsure of what to do.
Mrs. Waverly quickly turned to the PZ Group's president. "Why don't I take you out
to dinner while Mr. Langston handles this?"
Sophia added, "Yes, we know the area well. Let us show you around."
Mrs. Waverly and Sophia shared a look-this was actually good news for them. Without the Langston family in the way
they might have a
chance to work with PZ Group themselves. 
Asher hurried over. "My apologies, Mack. We haven't been good hosts."
He had planned to talk business with Mack later, but now Lemira had thrown everything into chaos.
Mrs. Waverly smiled politely. "Mr. Langston, you should focus on your family matters. Mack has always valued family harmony above all else."
Asher knew he couldn't ask Mack to stay now. He could only say, "I'll have Evelina reach out to apologize to you in person soon."
He had no choice but to let them go.
Mrs. Waverly and Sophia promptly led Mack away.
Susanna turned back and sneered, "Tsk tsk. I knew Lemira was up to no good,
showing up dressed in black like she's going to a funeral."
Asher looked over and realized Lemira was indeed dressed head-to-toe in black, with a white flower in her hair_funeral attire.
Forcing himself to see the guests out, Asher then turned, his face dark with fury, and strode toward Lemira as if he might devour her alive.
He was determined to destroy her today.
Lucian moved to block him. “Asher, let's talk this through—calmly."
"Get out of my way! I have to teach Lemira a lesson she'll never forget. Look at what she's what e's done
disgraced the entire Langston family! I'll beat her to death if I have fo!" s?novels
Asher jabbed a finger at Lemira's face and shouted, "You pulled the same stunt at the Waverly party, and now you're doing it again! Do you really think I can't do anything about it?" s?novels
###Chapter 750
It was absolutely infuriating.
Lemira spoke coolly. "All you ever had over me was threatening me with our parents. But now that everything is in my hands, what can you possibly use against me?"
"But you promised," Asher retorted, "that once you got those things, you'd delete the video and never mention it again. Yet today, you played it in front of everyone. You broke your word."
Asher finished, but when he saw the triumphant curve of Lemira's lips, a sense of dread crept over him.
Lemira let out a laugh. "You said it, not me."
After all, Evander would never have believed her—but hearing it come from Asher's own mouth was another matter entirely.
Asher was stunned, realizing what he'd just revealed.
He looked at Evander, guilt written all over his face.
Evander wasn't a fool; he understood immediately. He was so angry, his lips turned white. "Asher, are you telling me that video is real?"
Asher was at a loss for words, unable to answer.
Evander turned to Lucian. "Lucian, tell me is it true?"
Lucian hesitated, clearly conflicted. "It was just... an accident."
"So everyone knew except for me?"
Evander felt utterly betrayed.
No doubt, all the staff at the villa knew as well. Everyone must have been laughing at him behind his back.
Evelina quickly interjected, "I was set up, Evander! Lemira framed me you saw it yourself, that was Lemira's room!"
No sooner had she finished than Evander struck her hard across the face. "You lying b***! You're still trying to deceive me."
Evander was livid, nearly beside himself.
Evelina's face was swollen from the blows.
Just then, she noticed her phone light up with a new message.
After seeing that the money had been transferred, Evelina stood up quietly. She faced Evander and sneered, "I told you I was framed by Lemira. Are you deaf?" "Evelina, what's with this attitude?"
"This is exactly my attitude. If you don't like it, then let's just cancel the wedding."
She was done pretending to please the Langston family!
After so many years, she was exhausted from the act.
When Evander heard "cancel the wedding," he looked at her in disbelief. "Evelina, if you call off the wedding, you'll end up with nothing!"
"Do you think I care? I've had enough! All these years, I've tried so hard to please everyone, and what did I get? You all still favored Lemira!"
Evelina finally dropped the pretense and let all her anger pour out.
Lucian snapped, “Favored Lemira? We've been favoring you all these years!"
Did Evelina have any conscience left, saying things like that?
"Oh, please. If you favored me, then why didn't I get a share of the Langston estate? Why is it that whenever Lemira comes back, you all rush to appease her?"
Evelina's bitterness was clear.
Asher looked at Evelina in shock,
ет
unable to believe the change in her.
"Evelina, what are you saying
Haven't
Hovel
I given you enough?
always treated you both fairly!"
“Fair? That's a joke! If you were so fair, why does Lemira get all the inheritance and
I get nothing?"
Evelina had always felt deeply wronged by this.
Asher was furious. “Evelina, have you lost your mind? What nonsense are you spouting? That inheritance was left by our parents what does it have to do with you?" 
Hadn't Evelina always been the sweet, obedient one?
“But didn't you always say I was your sister? If that's true, then I deserve a share
too. That's what fairness looks like!"
Evelina fixed Asher with a hard stare.
Asher
"If you were really fair, Asher, you'd
kill Lemirà right now. She's the one who ruined the wedding. Just look at her showing up in black, with a White flower in her hair, at a wedding!" 
At this, Lemira took the white flower from her hair and strode forward, shoving it straight into Evelina's mouth.
Her voice was icy. "Why would I ever attend the wedding of the daughter of my parents' killer?"
Not a chance.
Lemira's words stabbed into Asher like a knife.
He glared at her. "What are you trying to say?"
Lemira turned, her gaze cold and distant. "I'm saying Evelina's father isn't dead at
all."
###Chapter 751
The moment Lemira Langston uttered those words, Evelina Sterling's eyes flew open in shock, her face drained of color.
Evelina stared at Lemira as if she'd seen a ghost. How could this woman possibly know her father wasn't dead?
When did Lemira find out?
What else had she uncovered?
A wave of panic surged through Evelina. Just moments earlier, she had finally managed to relax; now, she was back on edge, even worse than before.
Her nerves were in complete disarray.
Asher Langston's mind went blank with disbelief.
He looked at Lemira incredulously. "How could Evelina's father not be dead?"
"Because I saw Evelina meet with her father myself-her father, who everyone thought had died years ago. They've continued their contact in secret."
Lemira turned to glance at Evelina. "Remember that time Caspian kicked you out of the car after beating you up? You went straight to a café and met with someone. Have you really forgotten who that was?"
Evelina was so terrified she started to shake. Lemira really did know.
Had she known all along?
Evelina felt her legs give way and collapsed onto the lawn, unable to say a single word.
What was she supposed to do now?
Lucian Langston pressed urgently, "Are you saying Evelina's father is really alive? Then where is he?"
"He's in hiding, and he's done a very good job. I've been searching for quite some time and still haven't been able to locate him," Lemira replied.
But before Lemira had even finished speaking, Evelina burst out, “Lemira, you're lying! My father's been dead for years. You must have been mistaken-I never met with him."
Since Lemira hadn't actually found her father, there was no way Evelina could admit anything now.
No, as long as she was still stuck in this mess, if the Langston family learned her father was alive, she'd be ruined!
Asher pressed Lemira, "What else did you find?”
"I also found out that Evelina colluded with her father to steal the company funds you transferred earlier today."
Asher's face changed dramatically; he shot a cold glare at Evelina. "Well? Say something!"
"Asher, I didn't-I swear I didn't!"
Evelina's terror was palpable. How did they find out now?
She knew, with things like this, there would be no escape.
As soon as Asher saw Evelina's expression, he knew something was wrong. He immediately called the company's accounting department to check the money's whereabouts.
The accountant said, "Ms. Sterling transferred the funds out this afternoon."
"Check if it was received by the PZ Group account!"
"I'm not sure how to check that," the accountant stammered. "Ms. Sterling said she would handle the transfer herself, so I didn't ask any more questions."
Asher roared with anger, "Idiot! How could you let her move the money without oversight. It was supposed to go through the official corporate transfer, just like last time! 
"But you told us to follow Ms. Sterling's instructions after that, so we didn't dare question her..."
It dawned on Asher then-he had indeed given those instructions earlier that afternoon. Who could have predicted Evelina would betray him like this?
After hanging up, Asher looked ready to explode. He glared at Evelina. "Where's the money?"
Evelina, sweating and panicked, stammered, “I—I transferred it to the project manager at PZ Group. He promised there'd be a kickback from the company that way."
It was the only excuse left for her. There was no way she could admit the funds had gone to her own father-if she did, the Langston family would destroy her for sure.
Damn it! Evelina had calculated so carefully, but she never imagined that wretched Lemira had known the truth about her father for so long.
No wonder Lemira had suddenly insisted on returning to the Langston family during that period Back then, Evelina thought Lemira was coming back to fight over the family fortune, but now she realized? Lemira had already begun to suspect everything. 
"You complete fool-how could you believe something like that?" Asher roared his anger making him dizzy. He couldn't believe Evelina would. pull another greedy stunt at such a critical time. 
50
He slapped Evelina across the face. “I don't care what you have to do, but you'd
better get that money back. Otherwise, you're finished!"
How could Evelina have the nerve to scheme over so much money?
###Chapter 752
Here is your revised version, carefully edited for native fluency, cultural adjustment, and faithful rendition of the original's tone and nuances:
Evelina was slapped again, and a flash of impatience flickered in her eyes. "Asher, do you really think landing this deal with PZ Group was that simple? It only worked out because I promised them all those perks—they wouldn't have agreed otherwise. The Waverlies and the Sinclair family have been after this project too. Why do you think they'd choose the Langston family out of everyone?"
Suddenly, Evelina seemed like a completely different person.
Watching Evelina assert herself, Asher's anger flared up. "If something shady was going on, you should have told me. You don't have that much experience—what if someone took advantage of you?"
Kickbacks like this aren't exactly unheard of.
Asher wasn't na?ve-of course he understood how things worked. But he hadn't expected Evelina to go behind his back like this.
Since when did Evelina get so bold?
Evelina let out a cold laugh. “If I'd told you, would you have believed me?”
She knew Asher's personality inside out.
The first time the payment was due, he hovered over her the entire time, making sure she couldn't do a thing.
For the second payment, he wouldn't sign off until after she married Evander Langston.
If that didn't scream distrust, she didn't know what did.
Asher gave a derisive snort. "And now look what you've done. Is this not a mess? I don't care what you have to do—tomorrow I want all that money back!"
"I can't get it back right now," Evelina answered flatly. "The project manager said he's going to invest it first. In a week, he'll transfer the money to PZ Group's account. Everything will be under the radar and no one will notice."
“Evelina, are you really that gullible? You actually believed that?"
Asher was so furious he could barely stand straight.
Afraid the money might be gone for good, he immediately called his team, ordering them to contact PZ Group's project manager and make sure he didn't try to disappear.
Tomorrow, he would go in person to get the money back.
At last, Lucian spoke. "Asher, the CEO of PZ Group was here in person today-that proves the partnership is legitimate. As for any private deals between their project manager and Evelina, talk it out quietly tryn let the CEO catch wind of this, or it could jeopardize ongoing
cooperation." 
"I know what to do,” Asher said. His harsh words were mostly just bluster; deep down, he understood this couldn't turn into a scandal, especially not in front of PZ Group's CEO.
But right now, he couldn't hide his disappointment in Evelina. "I trusted you, and look what you've done. Just for a kickback, you risked everything. What if we never get that money back?"
"But Asher, if it weren't for me, would you even be working with PZ Group right now Evelina shot back, her voice brimming with resentment. "I'm nothing but an outsider in this family-I'll never measure up to you and your blood relatives." 
Asher clutched his chest in frustration. Haven't I always been good to you? Ever since we were kids, it's always been Lemira got the short end of the stick-who had to give way to you! Even when you plotted against Lemira and ended up assaulted by the butler, who was it that protected you?" 
Evelina's face turned crimson with anger. "I never schemed against Lemira! She's the one who set me up, that spiteful cow!"
Lucian's face was stone cold. "Watch your mouth, Evelina! Can't you show a shred of decency?"
Lucian had always known Evelina could be two-faced, but he'd never witnessed this venomous side before.
Meanwhile, Lemira watched quietly from the sidelines. So this is her true face, she thought-the real "two-faced" girl.
Evelina probably acted this smug because she felt she held all the cards.
Evelina sneered, "No decency? Isn't it you people who taught me that? All your talk about fairness—yet in the end, you force me to marry some hopeless cripple?”
Evander's heart dropped. "Eve, what did you just say?"
Did she really just call him a hopeless cripple?
Is that all he meant to her?
###Chapter 753
Evander stared in disbelief, as if he couldn't believe his own ears.
Evelina turned and looked back at Evander, her eyes full of arrogance and contempt. "What nonsense about fairness? In the end, you're all just forcing me to marry someone like you—a cripple!"
The word "cripple" shattered Evander completely.
He broke down and screamed at Evelina, "You dare call me that? How could you!"
He didn't care what others said, but hearing it from Evelina was unbearable.
Hadn't she just said a few days ago that he was the one she loved most?
So why was she looking at him now with such disgust?
From the side, Lemira gave a cold chuckle. "Evander, are you really that clueless? Evelina's been using you from the start. If it hadn't been for that scene at the Waverlies' party, with Dorian Draven dumping her, do you really think she'd have agreed to be with you so easily?"
Evelina had always cared about money, not someone like Evander.
"Shut up!" Evander's eyes were red, and he glared desperately at Evelina. "Are you saying these things just because you're mad about what Lemira did?"
Evelina stared at him icily. "No. The video is real.”
At the breaking point, Evander lunged at Evelina and grabbed her throat. "Why do you have to be this way? I treated you like a princess, spoiled you, but you kept lowering yourself, even going after older men!"
Evelina swiftly kicked away Evander's prosthetic leg. Losing his balance, he collapsed onto the lawn.
She massaged her neck, expression hardened. "You have nothing. All this talk about treating me like a princess-you can't even take care of yourself. You're full of empty promises!"
She'd had enough.
All those words about protecting her and making things right—just empty talk.
Seeing Evelina violently fight back, Asher frowned in disapproval. "Evelina, how could you do that? Evander's always been good to you. Out of everyone, this family has always treated you the best!"
Asher felt not even a trace of guilt toward Evelina.
"Isn't that exactly what you were supposed to do?" Evelina shot back, meeting Asher's gaze with no fear. "You adopted me and promised you'd treat me like your real sister Of course you had to treat me well." 
That left Asher speechless for a long moment.
He could hardly believe what he was hearing-was this really Evelina? Wasn't she always the careful, obedient one?
He'd always thought Evelina was just a little vain. He never imagined this was who she truly was.
Lucian spoke up, his anger barely contained. "What do you mean it's what we were supposed to do? We treated you so well, and what did you doin return? You schemed against Lemira over and over until she finally ran away and cut all ties with the family!" 
Now that Evelina's true colors were exposed, Lucian was determined to reveal the truth to Asher.
Evelina's tone was flat, indifferent. "You were the ones who drove Lemira out. What does that have to do with me?"
The words landed like a final blow.
Lucian's face shifted rapidly through a dozen emotions. "Evelina, do you even have a conscience?"
"I have a conscience. You were the ones who decided Lemira was ungrateful-she wasn't as obedient as before, didn't do what you said. What's that got to do with me 
Evelina saw it all clearly.
She'd used her brothers' attitude toward Lemira against them, so every time she plotted against Lemira, she always succeeded—it had never failed.
If Lemira's brothers didn't care enough about her, how was that Evelina's problem?
Lucian was trembling in anger, barely able to stand. Was it really true?
It had always been Evelina there, sowing discord, making them resent Lemira more and more.
Looking at Lemira, Evelina was overtaken by rage. "The whole wedding reception was ruined by Lemira just now. Why are you all accusing me?"
###Chapter 754
This had been the banquet she'd been looking forward to for so long-only for Lemira to ruin everything in the end.
Now that this video was out in the world, how was she ever supposed to face anyone again?
Lemira, who had been watching the drama unfold, curled her lips into a cold smile. "Your father killed my parents. Why do you think I'd ever let you off easy?"
She adjusted the black dress she was wearing. "You should be grateful I didn't send
a wreath to your party today. That's already generous."
"You claim my father murdered your parents, but do you have any proof? My
father's already dead. You're the one making up stories."
There was no way Evelina could let anyone know her father was actually still alive at
this point.
If the Langston family found out, they might really kill her.
Lemira's gaze lingered on her. "Evidence will come soon enough. Did you really think your money transfers would leave no trace?"
The color drained from Evelina's face as she stepped back anxiously. "I don't know what you're talking about. I already wired the money to the head of PZ Group."
"No worries-it won't be long now," Lemira replied calmly, her tone full of certainty.
Evelina was getting more and more flustered. “I—I'm just going to go change my clothes."
"Hold it right there."
Lemira snatched Evelina's phone away. "Trying to contact him, aren't you?" "What are you saying? Of course not!" Evelina protested, tense and nervous. "If you're that suspicious, take the phone-I'm going to change."
It didn't matter, anyway; this wasn't the phone she actually used to reach her father.
Clutching her wedding dress, Evelina hurried back into the villa, almost running with urgency.
Asher shot Lemira a suspicious look. "Did you really find out Evelina's father is still alive?"
"I saw it myself-here, look at this photo." Lemira pulled out her phone and showed him the picture.
When Asher saw who was in the photo, his knees nearly buckled from shock. "No way. He's dead-how could he possibly be alive?"
If Evelina's father was alive, then what really happened the night of the crash?
Had he really brought his enemy's daughter into the Langston family and raised her all this time?
Lemira stared at Asher. "I told you-you'd regret it."
Staggering backward, Asher's arrogant facade vanished. He suddenly looked broken and helpless.
Lucian stepped forward to stop Lemira. "This is what you found out? Why didn't you say something sooner?"
If Evelina's father was still alive, the car accident all those years ago was definitely fishy.
It hadn't been an accident at all-it was murder?
Lemira turned her icy gaze on Lucian, "If you really want to
know
the truth just see what Evelinet
up,
to right now 
FindNovel.net
She strode straight to the second floor and kicked open the locked door to Evelina's room, rushing into the bathroom.
Evelina was clutching an old-fashioned button phone in her hand.
Standing in the doorway, Lemira cast a glance at the phone. "Who are you trying to call?"
"I-I wasn't calling anyone."
But before she could finish, the phone in Evelina's hand began to ring.
Lemira's smile only grew colder. "Looks like your father is calling you. Hand over the phone."
Evelina was on the verge of falling apart. The moment she saw Asher and Lucian outside, she desperately tossed the phone into the toilet prefending to fumble as she hurriedly pressed the flush button. 
The old phone was so small it nearly vanished in the swirl.
Watching the phone being carried away, Evelina finally breathed out in relief. She stammered, "I-I have a backup phone. I was just going to call the PZ Group manager and teft. him to return the money." 
But the ringtone was still audible—echoing from inside the toilet.
Lemira walked over slowly and glanced into the bowl-the phone hadn't been fully flushed away.
Evelina's heart was in her throat. She was in deep trouble now.
If that phone ended up in the Langstons' hands, all her secrets would be exposed.
###Chapter 755
Sure! Here's the fully revised and polished English version, accurately reflecting the original Chinese in style, tone, and content, with attention to cultural adaptation and idiomatic fluency:
Just as Lemira reached for the hand spa gloves sitting nearby, ready to pick up the phone,
Evelina frantically pressed the flush button over and over. There was no way she could let Lemira retrieve that phone.
But Lemira only let out a laugh, stood up, and smacked the glove right across Evelina's face.
Evelina screamed and stumbled back, hurrying over to wash her face.
Lemira glanced over her shoulder at Asher and Lucian, who were standing just outside. "See? She's been using this old phone all this time—to keep in touch with her supposedly dead father."
"I didn't! I swear I didn't!" Evelina blurted out in panic.
Asher fixed Evelina with a cold stare. "If you have nothing to hide, then why were you in such a rush to flush your phone down the toilet?"
Evelina stammered, flustered. "I—I was just... startled, that's all."
Lucian's expression was full of suspicion. “And we're supposed to just take your word for it?"
Left with nowhere else to turn, Evelina looked imploringly at Asher. “Asher, you have to believe me, right? I've done so much for the Langston family. Lemira hasn't done anything for you!"
Asher's voice was icy. "Right now I don't know what to believe whether anything you say is true."
He'd just witnessed how quickly Evelina could turn on everyone. All these years, she'd just been putting on an act.
Even he had been fooled by her.
The way she panicked and tried to destroy that phone just now she couldn't have looked more guilty.
Evelina turned pale. “Asher, my father's been dead for years. Didn't you verify it yourself back then? You're really going to doubt me just because of what Lemira said?"
"I didn't believe her before. But now-why should I believe you?"
The man in Lemira's photograph was unmistakably the family's old driver-he was sure of it.
If Evelina's father was really still alive, then was that crash all those years ago truly just an accident?
An ache twisted in Asher's chest. He wanted the truth, but now he feared it.
Because, deep down, he sensed the truth might be more than he could handle.
With the bathroom door blocked and nowhere to run, Evelina looked at the Langstons and suddenly laughed out loud.
Annoyed, Asher shot back, “What's so funny?"
"Do you even have any proof for your accusations?" Evelina retorted. "I was just an orphan back then-I didn't know anything. If you really think my dad is alive, then go find him and come talk to me."
After all these years of her father staying hidden, Evelina figured it was impossible he'd be found now.
She forced herself to calm down. As long as she didn't admit to anything, the Langstons couldn't do a thing to her.
Evelina looked Asher in the eye. "You were the one who brought me into the
Langston family. It's not like I begged to stay. All I remember is growing up as an orphan―my father was gone."
Asher was brimming with anger.
"That's really how you see it,
Evelina was the one who pulled you out of the slums let you grow up like a privileged daughter-and you don't feel even a shred of gratitude?" 
"I am grateful, Evelina answered calmly. "But after all these years of being good to you, working so hard to please your family, I really don't owe you anything. If my father? hadn't died, I never would have become an orphan in the first place." Cóntent 
She met his gaze. "If he hadn't died in that crash driving for your family, I wouldn't have lived all these years in the Langston house, always walking on eggshells, terrified I'd be kicked out for a single misstep. You really think that's a charmed life?
.net
“Evelina, you're nothing but an ingrate!” Asher was livid. He'd never been this
furious before—Evelina was the traitor all along.
He just couldn't believe what he was hearing.
From the sidelines, Lemira clicked her tongue, smirking. "Wow. This really takes the cake."
She had waited ages for this day-to finally see the 'two-faced' girl drop the act and go head-to-head with the Langstons.
Lemira looked up at Asher, whose face was a storm of emotions, her eyes full of biting sarcasm.
Asher was rattled. He glared at Evelina and said, “Until the money is found, you're to stay in this house. You're not allowed to go anywhere or contact anyone from outside."
Whatever the truth about Evelina's father might be, the first order of business was getting the money back.
###Chapter 756
Here is the revised and polished version of your English translation, ensuring greater accuracy, emotional resonance, and natural flow for American readers:
Asher was now deeply regretting ever trusting Evelina.
Evelina, visibly angry, protested, "You can't just lock me up-this is illegal!"
"Until the whole matter is fully investigated, you're not going anywhere. My word is final now,” Asher replied, his tone unyielding. “Evelina, if that money disappears, I'll make you wish you were dead."
Evelina went pale with fear.
She glanced anxiously outside. “Evander! Where's Evander?” she called out.
Evelina could sense that things had gone terribly wrong. Her plan was supposed to be simple: the wedding would go on as scheduled, she'd quietly wrap up her affairs, and then vanish without a trace. But now, thanks to that wretched Lemira, everything was falling apart.
Nervous and desperate, Evelina dropped to her knees, clutching at Asher's pant leg. "Asher, I didn't mean what I just said I was just upset by what Lemira did, that's all."
"You really think I'd believe you now? Do you take everyone for a fool?" Asher said coldly. He shook her off with a harsh kick, then called out to the staff outside, "Take her to the basement. She's not to leave, and take away her phone."
Just like that, Evelina was dragged away, still screaming Evander's name. But Evander never showed up.
Lemira figured that whatever Evelina had said must have been a real blow to Evander. After all, Evander had always spoiled her.
Turning to Asher, Lemira remarked, "You're not getting your money back. Did you honestly think it was in the hands of the head of PZ Group?"
Asher's face grew thunderous. "If you've known about all this from the start, why didn't you say anything? Did you enjoy watching us run around in circles?"
His anger wasn't just for Evelina—he was just as upset with Lemira. If only Lemira had spoken up sooner, none of this would have happened.
"Seriously, Lemmy," Lucian added, "if you knew Evelina's father was alive, why didn't you at least talk to the family? This whole mess is a disaster for Asher's company."
Lucian was genuinely surprised that Lemira had kept such a big secret. Did she not trust her family at all?
Lemira let out a laugh. “Didn't I tell you? Do you all have selective memory or something? I literally said it last night in Mom and Dad's room.”
Lucian froze. She might have said something, but none of them had really believed her.
Asher shot back, self-righteously, "If you'd just shown me the pictures, of course I would've believed you."
"Oh please," Lemira replied. “If I had shown you those photos, you'd just say they were fake, and Evelina would have denied everything."
Lemira washed her hands and
stepped out of the bathroom. "It was only after Evelina tried to move that money today, and we traced the
account back to her father, that you finally had no choice but to believe me." 
BUMS
Asher fell silent. It was true—he hadn't truly believed Lemira last night. Who would have? He'd never uncovered any of this himself, even after all these years.
Lucian pressed Lemira again, “So, have you found Evelina's father now?"
"Now you want to know? Give me one good reason why I should tell you," Lemira shot back.
She stared at Asher. "You were so focused on your own gain that you didn't hesitate to give away Mom Do you really think
and Dad's root to ask
you have any right to ask me
anything now?" 
Cornered, Asher was left speechless.
"That's only because Asher didn't know the truth!" someone argued. "If he had
known, he would never have let Evelina get away with it!"
Asher eagerly nodded. "That's right—I did it because I didn't know."
If he had known earlier, he never would have given Evelina access to their parents'
room.
A cold smirk formed on Lemira's lips. “Well, I didn't know either, then.”
"Lemira, stop pretending. You knew everything. And that money means everything to the Langston Group!" Asher pressed her.
Lemira turned around and looked him straight in the eye. "Do you remember how you used to threaten me, using these very clues?"
Embarrassment flickered across Asher's face.
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm. “Bet you never imagined the tables would turn, did you?"
"So, what do you want?" Asher asked.
Lemira replied coolly, "Why don't you
apologize the same way you once made me do? Get down on your knees. Otherwise, you never be able to face our parents, even in death." 
###Chapter 757
Lemira's words struck Asher like a punch to the gut.
He shouted in denial, "When have I ever let our parents down? You're the one who got them killed!"
Lemira stepped forward, fixing Asher with an unyielding stare. "Because you took in our enemy's daughter-and treated her like your own!"
"Who knows if what you're saying is true until everything's been investigated?" Asher shot back.
Lemira's eyes were icy cold. "And you're blaming me for their deaths? If the car crash wasn't an accident but deliberately planned, then even if I hadn't left the house that night, it would've happened the next day just the same!"
If the Sinclair family really was willing to sabotage us for that new energy project, there's no way they would have given up after one try.
If the first attempt failed, they'd just try again.
Asher fell silent, unable to argue.
Lemira continued, "All these years, you've been blaming me for what happened to our parents. I've kept quiet all this time, but now I can finally show you how wrong you are."
Asher slumped, his voice rough. "So—are you satisfied now?"
"Not quite."
Lemira met Asher's gaze. “When I track down Evelina's father and bring him to you, you can go kneel at our parents' graves and ask for forgiveness. You took in our enemy's daughter, raised her, and in the end she drove the company into bankruptcy. That's karma, isn't it?"
At that, Asher looked visibly older, slumping under the weight of Lemira's accusations. He could barely lift his head.
Adopting the daughter of their enemy or losing the family business—neither was something he could accept.
Watching Asher's defeated state, Lucian couldn't help but pity him.
He stepped toward Lemira. “Lemmy, don't be so harsh. Asher is already devastated. He didn't know things would turn out like this."
"And you," Lemira shot back, sarcasm coloring her tone as she looked at Lucian. "You've said the exact same things. You were all the same back then. Did you really think you could wash your hands of this?"
Lucian's face tightened. "Lemmy, if
I'd known any of this, do you think would have treated. Evelina the way did?
as deceived by her like
everyone else." 
If he had known, he never would have been so good to Evelina.
“Deceived? Back then you loved to say her father died saving me, and I owed her my life. Don't you find that statement ridiculous now?"
As she spoke, both Asher and Lucian hung their heads in shame, completely silent.
Neither could find peace in their hearts.
Especially Asher—he'd never dreamed this was the truth. It hurt more than death.
Lucian finally managed to lift his head. "Lemmy, you can't blame us for not knowing.
Asher really thought he was doing what was best for the family!"
"You were only thinking about your own interests," Lemira shot back "That so-called 'fairness' was always at my expense But when it's your fur, fairness suddenly doesnt matter, does it?" 
This was the day Lemira had been waiting for, for years.
Lucian stood there, momentarily stunned, then finally forced out, "Lemmy I was wrong before. ? realize that now. Atleast I was the first to see Evelina's true colors." 
He was trying to differentiate himself from Asher.
Lemira laughed coldly. "Spare me. The two of you should pack your things and move out. I've put up with you long enough—this is my limit."
With that, she left the room.
Asher could barely stay on his feet. He turned to Lucian. “Lucian, I—I honestly had no idea."
It was as if Asher's world had crumbled around him.
Life had played a cruel joke: Evelina's father was alive all along.
Didn't that make adopting Evelina utterly absurd?
###Chapter 758
Lucian steadied Asher. "Asher, just try to calm down. Don't lose your head."
"How am I supposed to calm down? Tell me, how?"
Asher was terrified that he'd really made a terrible mistake. Would that mean he'd been a joke all these years?
He was scared—truly scared—for the first time in his life.
At that moment, Evander entered in his wheelchair, his face deathly pale.
He stared at Asher. "Asher, do you really believe what Lemira said?"
"At least I know Lemira wouldn't lie about something to do with our parents."
Asher didn't completely believe Lemira either, but he was sure she wouldn't lie about something this serious.
But what he couldn't accept was why did Lemira have to say all this today? Why couldn't she have told him earlier?
Why didn't he get to know before, so he wouldn't have made so many mistakes?
"But Asher, don't you think it's strange? It's been so many years. How could Lemira possibly have found out the truth?"
Lucian looked over at Evander. "Did you forget how close Lemmy is with the Everhart heir?"
On her own, Lemira probably never could have pulled this off.
But with the Everhart heir backing her, getting to the bottom of these things becomes much easier.
After hearing that, whatever slim hope Asher clung to was crushed.
Of course-if Orion Everhart was involved, that meant what Lemira uncovered was probably true.
Evelina's father was really involved in the car crash!
If not, why would he still be alive, but hiding for so many years, never daring to show his face?
Evander's expression was cold. "Asher, I just saw Lemira go out. You'd better follow her and see what she's up to. I don't trust her for a second."
Right now, Evander despised Lemira.
She easily could have handled quietly, but instead she had
humiliated him at his own wou net
Now just about everyone in their social circle knew he'd been cheated on. s?novels
Just thinking about it made Evander furious.
He was positive Lemira must be lying about at least some of this.
Asher drew a deep breath. "You're right, Evander. Lemira must have gone to see
that man. I need to go myself and see the truth with my own eyes."
Otherwise, he'd never be able to let it go.
Even if he were to be found guilty, he had to see the truth for himself.
Lucian grabbed Asher's arm. "I'll go with you. I'll drive."
Asher nodded, and before he left, he
looked at Evander. "I've locked Evelina in the basement Don't let her out. At least not until I get back. Don't do anything rash." 
"I know."
Evander suspected Lemira as well, but if Evelina's father really was alive, they needed Evelina as leverage to find out the truth behind their parents' deaths.
He absolutely hated Lemira—but he wanted to avenge their parents too.
рет
Lucian patted Evander's shoulder. "No matter how much the three of us argue, at least when it comes to what happened parents, we're all on the same side 
to our
"Don't worry, Lucian. I'm not that foolish."
Evander was still simmering with anger.
Evelina had looked down on him so much it didn't matter. He would wait until she
had lost everything. Then, let her come back to beg him on her knees!
Asher rushed out with Lucian and saw Lemira just getting into a taxi and pulling away.
As Lucian started the car, he asked, "Asher, if you really manage to catch Evelina's father, what are you going to do?"
Asher's eyes were locked on the taxi up ahead, his gaze murderous and cold.
He didn't answer, as if he hadn't even heard the question.
In that moment, his heart was like a city in ruins, swept clean by a tidal wave- nothing but devastation left behind.
###Chapter 759
Seeing Asher like that, Lucian didn't press him any further.
This incident had caught the entire Langston family completely off guard.
Who would've thought that Evelina's father was actually alive?
All this time, they had been investigating the hit-and-run car, never suspecting that their own driver was involved.
Lemira took a cab straight to the address Debby had sent her-she'd heard someone had finally been apprehended.
She was anxious the entire ride, her nerves taut with anticipation. After waiting so long, the moment had finally arrived.
The cab pulled up near a cluster of derelict warehouses on the outskirts of the old city, buildings that now mostly served as scrapyard depots.
Lemira got out and spotted Orion approaching. He was dressed in a black tracksuit, a cap pulled low over his head.
He came up to her. "How did it go back at the wedding?"
"I managed to settle the score. The wedding couldn't go on. Evelina wanted to warn her father, but I stopped her."
Orion reached out and gently patted her head. “That's good. At least you got your revenge."
"Where is he? Where's the man?"
Lemira was determined to finally uncover the truth about the accident from years ago.
Just then, the screech of brakes sounded behind them. Lemira turned and saw a car being halted-Asher and Lucian stepped out.
She frowned. "I didn't realize they'd followed us."
She had thought, after everything that happened at the wedding, that Asher would be more worried about what happened to the money.
But Lucian, being held back by Orion's men, called over, "We want answers too, Lemira. We have the right to know, don't we?"
Asher looked at Lemira, too embarrassed to say anything.
Orion shot them an icy glance. "You'll have to wait until Lemira knows the truth first. You didn't do anything to help—so what right do you have to claim any part in this?”
Lucian's expression soured. "We recognize Lemira's work. We're not here to take the credit-we just want to know the truth. Isn't that fair?"
Asher stood silently next to him, shame written all over his face.
Still, he was desperate to know: Was Evelina's father alive or dead?
Lemira gave them a cold look. "There's an order here, and you're at the end of the line."
She didn't let Asher and Lucian
come along, instead following Orion ahead in a low voice, she said, Even ifave caught him, we can fletAsheto we handle this." 
"I know. But there's been a bit of a complication."
"What kind of complication?"
Lemira stepped inside the warehouse and saw a middle-aged man tied up, his
hands and feet bound and his mouth gagged.
But Lemira recognized him immediately—it wasn't Evelina's father.
It was that cousin of theirs.
Orion explained, "We traced the
transactions back and only
managed to catch this man
other one got away we'r Sti searching for him." fo FindNovel.net
Lemira's heart tensed again. “Maybe Evelina sent a warning, or did something that helped him escape."
"I doubt it. If our cover had been blown, both of them would've run. Why would one of them stay?"
Lemira frowned. "Evelina's father tried to call her on another phone, but I stopped her from answering. Maybe that stirred his suspicions."
"That's probably it. The man's
extremely cautious and has strong
counter surveillance skills.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have been
able to hide for
these years.”
Orion looked at her. "Sorry. We didn't get the guy."
He was visibly frustrated-having someone slip through his fingers in Orvin wasn't something he was used to.
"Was the money transferred to this man's account?"
"Yes. Which means the two of them were likely negotiating how to split it just now."
Lemira's brow furrowed. "Have you gotten anything out of him yet?"
"We haven't started questioning him. We've been busy trying to track down the other one."
Orion glanced at her. “But now that you're here, we can start."
###Chapter 760
He had actually been waiting for Lemira to arrive-there were questions he wanted answered, and he wanted to ask them with her present.
Orion glanced at the man beside him and promptly removed the man's blindfold and gag.
When the middle-aged man opened his eyes and saw Lemira, his expression
shifted noticeably.
Lemira stepped forward. "You recognize me, don't you?"
"I... I don't know who you are."
"Still trying to deny it? You were at the Langston Estate-and you killed the butler."
The man grew visibly more anxious.
"You've also met with Evelina. You're her uncle."
Lemira faced him squarely. "Where is Evelina's father?"
"I don't know what you're talking about. Her father died years ago."
"Then who was your partner today when you were splitting the payout?"
Lemira pressed him, but he bowed his head and refused to say another word.
Orion gently took Lemira's hand. "There's no need for you to push any further. My people will get the truth out of him. Let's go."
He led Lemira away.
Interrogations could get ugly, and it wasn't something Lemira should witness.
Soon after, a strangled scream reached Lemira's ears, but it was quickly muffled- then everything fell silent.
Orion held tightly to Lemira's hand, noticing how cold her palm was, and reassured her, "We will find him."
"But now the others know something's up the target won't show himself so easily."
Lemira was anxious and frustrated. She had waited so long for this day, and yet the man had slipped away again.
It was almost suffocating.
Why couldn't they catch him?
Orion pulled Lemira into his arms and tried to comfort her. "He won't be able to hide for long if he's out of money And this uncle of Evelina clearly knows more he'll talk eventually, and then we'll learn the truth." 
Lemira leaned into his embrace, listening to the steady beat of his heart.
Gradually, she calmed down. She knew she'd been a bit too impatient.
She had hoped today would be the day Evelina's father was finally caught.
Of course, after all these years in hiding-it was never going to be that easy. If it were, the car accident in the past never would've happened.
After a while, Debby stepped outside. "He passed out-stubborn as they come. It's going to take some time to break him."
Orion's eyes narrowed; his tone was cold. "Take him away. We can be patient."
Lemira finally stepped out of Orion's arms and looked at Debby. "You need to get the truth out of him."
"Don't worry, Ms. Langston. Now that we have him, it's just a matter of time. Besides, the man's a gambling addict-he owes a lot of money."
Lemira knew both Evelina's father and her uncle had a notorious gambling habit.
That was probably why the Sinclair family was able to buy them off.
Debby and her team loaded the man into a van and quickly drove off.
Lemira looked at Orion. “The Langston family is aware of what happened now, even Evelina—though she won't admit it out loud."
“Then just tell them. There's no point
in hiding it now. You might as wel
see how they deal with Evelina Who knows? Maybe that two-faced girl will let something useful slip. 
"You're right."
Lemira turned and looked to the side.
Asher and Lucian were standing at a distance, their anxiety clear.
Lemira walked straight toward them. Lucian was the first to speak. "Lemmy, how did the questioning, go? The man they took away was he Evelina's father?
Lemira fixed them with a cold look. "Yes, that was Evelina's father."
She wanted to see the pain and heartbreak in their eyes.
###Chapter 761
Orion glanced down at Lemira but chose not to expose her words.
Lemira's face was impassive, her gaze cold as she looked at them.
Asher could barely stand, his voice breaking as he said, "He's actually still alive? Then who was the driver who died back then?"
"A scapegoat. The whole accident was orchestrated after the Sinclair family paid him off."
By now, Lemira had pieced together the truth behind the car accident that year.
The Sinclair family, wanting to secure the new energy project, bribed a driver who was addicted to gambling. In the end, they arranged the crash.
The driver probably didn't want to die himself, so at the last minute, he found a substitute to take his place at the wheel.
After hearing this, Asher connected the dots with what he had uncovered. "It was the Sinclair family trying to wrest the new energy project from Mom and Dad, wasn't it?"
Lemira nodded. "Looks like you've done your homework. That's right. The Sinclairs were already celebrating their win for that project the night Mom and Dad died in the crash!"
In the end, the Sinclair family got exactly what they wanted: they won the project, their family business soared, and they became one of Orvin's wealthiest families. Asher slumped to the ground in despair, shouting, “Where is that driver? I'll kill him!” If the driver hadn't been bribed, his parents would still be alive.
Lemira's gaze was icy. "There are still many things we need to get to the bottom of. And I'm not letting the Sinclair family off, either-they will pay for what they've done!"
Then she turned to Asher. "But what about you? How does it feel to have raised your enemy's daughter?"
"Stop it! Please, just stop!"
Asher felt as though his heart were being sliced open; the pain was unbearable.
He had actually brought his enemy's daughter into the Langston family and raised Evelina as his own, treating her so well!
Vision blurred by anger, Asher could hardly stay on his feet.
Lucian hurried to steady him. His eyes were red as he looked at Lemira and pleaded, “Lemmy, we know we were wrong. We didn't do it on purpose."
Not on purpose?
Lemira laughed coldly. "Wasn't it you two who told me all these years? That Eve was a blessing to the Langston family, that her father died saving Mom and Dad-so we owed her everything!" 
"Please, just stop, I'm begging you," Asher choked out, his eyes bloodshot. "Lemira, give me Evelina's father!"
"And why should I?"
"Because I need to kill him-to avenge Mom and Dad!"
Asher was completely consumed by rage. The thought of being manipulated by a mere driver was intolerable.
Lemira folded her arms, her tone icy. "Get down on your knees and apologize. Then maybe I'll consider it."
Asher glared at Lemira, his eyes nearly crimson with fury.
But Lemira's expression was utterly indifferent, unfazed by his anger.
Asher looked at Orion standing at her side, then bowed his head and began to kneel.
Lucian stopped him. "Asher, are you really going to kneel?"
Asher kept his head lowered, silent.
Lucian turned to Lemira. "Lemmy, this is Asher! Do you really have to humiliate him like this? We should be sticking together against the real enemy right now.”
"Stick together?" Lemira scoffed. "Easy for you to say. If it weren't for me, you two would have gone your whole lives being played for fools. Evelina would have cleaned you out and you'd never even know what happened!" 
Lemira looked back at Asher. “Aren't you always calling yourself the head of the family? Look at the mess you've made it's honestly laughable!"
Asher was so furious he spat out a mouthful of blood before collapsing to the ground.
Even as he lay there, his gaze stayed on Lemira, filled with both guilt and regret.
He truly regretted everything.
Lemira stood off to the side, looking
coldly at the pitiful, suffering man on
the ground I don't feel sorry for
you not at all," she said. "You
brought this on yourself!" 
###Chapter 762
Asher covered his mouth, coughing violently, unable to utter a single word from the pain.
Lucian, distressed, supported Asher and shouted at Lemira, “That's only because Asher never knew the truth. We're victims, too-do you really have to speak to him like that?"
"It was his arrogance, his self-importance, that made him never realize there was something wrong with Evelina. I refuse to believe none of you ever noticed she wasn't as simple or as kind as you thought. But because she knew how to please you, you all chose to ignore it."
Lemira's gaze was cold and fixed on Lucian. “If you'd seen through Evelina sooner, maybe you would have noticed there was something unusual about her all along."
Lucian felt like he could barely breathe.
She was right-Lemira was completely right.
He dropped to his knees. "Fine! It's my fault. It's all our fault, alright? Now that you see us sitting here like idiots, regretting and suffering, are you satisfied?"
Lemira's eyes grew noticeably redder.
Her chest felt so tight she could barely breathe.
She tipped her head back to keep her tears from falling, then looked down at them and said, "It's still not enough."
After all, in her previous life, she had suffered a horrible fate because of all this.
She could picture it: last time, Evelina and her father had teamed up to swindle everything away from the Langston family while the rest of them played right into their hands like fools, running in circles.
In this life, she was the one who'd worked hard to finally uncover the truth.
Lucian choked out, his voice trembling with tears: "Then what will it take for you to forgive us?"
Her red lips tightened coldly. "Never. I will never forgive you."
She swore to herself-she would never, ever forgive them.
After finishing, Lemira turned and walked away with Orion.
Lucian stared after her. "Lemira, we've always been your only family—nothing can change that!"
But Lemira didn't look back.
Lucian sank to the ground, completely defeated. "Asher, what do we do now?"
He'd thought that after his surgery, he could come home, get along with Lemira, and slowly help her change her mind about the Langston family.
But he never imagined something like this would happen at such a crucial moment.
It caught him entirely off guard.
Asher just lay on the ground, staring into the dark sky, blood at the corner of his mouth.
At this moment, he had no idea what to do either.
Why did fate have to play such a cruel joke on him? Why?
In the car, Lemira sat in the passenger seat in silence.
Orion drove quietly, background music filling the car, giving her space to process her emotions.
Lemira
the the cool night air blow in
through the window. After a lon silence, she finally spoke: "I lied to
them, just now 
FindNovel.net
"I know."
"I did it deliberately. I wanted to see how much it would hurt them, see their regret."
Lemira had been holding back for so long.
She'd wanted to see the look on their faces the day they found out the truth.
Even though they still hadn't caught Evelina's father, she couldn't wait any longer.
Orion's voice was steady. "They deserved it."
"Yes. They absolutely deserved it!"
Lemira wiped a tear from the corner of her eye. “But I don't feel as happy as I thought I would."
She should have felt triumphant after finally humiliating them, but her heart still ached.
Orion stopped the car at a red light and wrapped her hand in his. As he expected, her palm was ice cold.
With a touch of sadness, he said, "Because hatred only pulls you
deeper the longer you hold ontel
In
the end, it just brings you further from happiness." 
His warmth slowly seeped into her hand.
She pressed her lips together. “But I still have to get revenge. The driver, and the
Sinclair family, they have to pay."
Otherwise, how could she ever deserve to be happy?
Orion held her hand firmly, then finally spoke, "Actually, there's something we wanted to tell you fo a long while." 
Sol
Lemira glanced over, a question in her eyes. What is it?
###Chapter 763
Here is the revised translation, carefully polished to ensure accuracy, fluency, and cultural adaptation for an American audience, in accordance with your instructions:
Just then, the light turned green and the car behind them honked impatiently.
Orion snapped back to his senses and quickly drove off.
Lemira glanced at him, about to ask something, but at that moment her phone rang.
She answered right away and put it on speaker. "Debby, what's going on?"
"We just found out the money Evelina transferred has disappeared," Debby reported.
"Disappeared? What do you mean?" Lemira's heart sank. "Did Evelina's father move the money?"
"We're not sure yet-we've put a team on tracking where it went," Debby replied.
None of them had expected that, at this point, someone would still be after the trail of that money.
Orion's tone was icy cold. "What exactly are you all being paid for if you can miss something this important?"
"I'm sorry, Mr. Everhart, it was our mistake. We assumed since the suspect was on the run, he'd be focused on hiding. We didn't expect him to be bold enough to move the money too."
Debby's voice was tense; they knew this was a serious oversight.
Orion said sharply, "Find him. I don't care what it takes-track him down!"
"Yes, sir."
Debby ended the call abruptly.
Staring at her phone, Lemira thought for a moment and said, "Take me back to my apartment. I'll investigate this myself."
If the money was moved, there had to be a trace left behind.
Orion pressed the accelerator and, before long, they arrived at the apartment Lemira had purchased earlier.
Lemira kicked off her shoes and rushed barefoot into her study, immediately powering up her computer.
She called Debby again. "Sync all the data to me."
"Right away."
Lemira's eyes stayed glued to the screen, her fingers flying over the keyboard.
Orion, having changed into slippers himself, walked in holding another pair. He came over, knelt down, and gently slipped them onto Lemira's feet.
Lemira was so absorbed in her work that she didn't even notice.
Orion watched her for a while, then stepped aside to make a call-he couldn't shake the feeling that something about this case wasn't adding up. 
He kept wondering what they might have overlooked.
Was Evelina's father really that resourceful? To vanish suddenly and move the money right under their noses?
Lemira sat at the computer for several hours, barely pausing, following the trail until
it led her to the black market.
The funds had been withdrawn in multiple transactions.
Money routed through such operations was nearly impossible to recover, and tracking down whoever was behind the accounts would be just as difficult.
"Take a break," Orion urged, setting a glass of water within her reach. "It's obvious the other side planned this out well in advance."
"I just can't understand it," Lemira muttered. “Why would Evelina's father abandon his own cousin like that isn't be afraid the man might expose his secrets?" 
"I've been thinking the same thing," Orion replied, watching her closely. "Still, we have someone in custody. That gives us leverage.”
“True. Plus, that mechanic's connection with Mrs. Amelia is pretty close. She even went to see him recently-I wonder what they talked about."
Lemira pressed her lips together. "But it won't be long before Mrs. Amelia hears something's happened to the mechanic."
Then their opponents would definitely realize she was onto them.
Getting more evidence after that would become much more difficult.
"That's why we have to move first and find a way to test her," Orion said.
Lemira nodded, only just then noticing the slippers now on her feet.
A wave of warmth flooded her-she realized Orion must have put them on for her.
She looked up to meet his calm, steady gaze, and tears stung her eyes; how could
she possibly hide her feelings for him?
"What's the matter?" Orion asked gently.
Seeing her eyes brimming with
tears, he reached for a tissue, but before he she threw
could m
herself into his arms, clinging tightly to his shirt. 
###Chapter 764
Lemira held the man tightly, shutting her eyes in an effort to clear her mind of all thoughts.
Orion's hand hovered in the air for a moment before coming to rest gently on her shoulder.
He gave her back a reassuring pat. "Are you hungry?"
He figured Lemira had probably not eaten anything at the wedding reception.
Lemira shook her head. "I'm not hungry."
She had eaten her fill before the event even began.
Orion patted her back again, gentle as ever. “Lemira, don't dwell on it too much."
"I know. You don't have to say anything to comfort me. I just want to be quiet for a while."
She understood all the logic, but she needed time to settle her emotions.
The words on Orion's lips remained unspoken.
He held her close, gazing out into the night, watching the lights from thousands of homes fill the city's darkness.
But now, one of those lights belonged to him.
Orion cradled her for a long time before looking down at her weary face and quietly suggesting, "You should get some rest."
He lifted her up and carried her straight to the bedroom.
Lemira sat on the edge of the bed. "I need to wash up."
"Go ahead."
After washing and slipping into her pajamas, Lemira emerged to find the man standing by the window, his silhouette tall and straight against the city lights.
She walked over to him. "Thank you for always being there for me."
"No need to thank me. I'll always be here for you."
His voice was steady, but it sent a tidal wave through Lemira's heart.
He stroked her hair softly. "Get some sleep. Don't overthink it."
Orion took her hand, watching as she settled into bed, and tucked the covers around her.
Lemira looked up at him, her eyes pleading. She couldn't stop herself from grabbing his fingers. "Will you stay with me tonight?"
Tonight, she didn't want to be alone.
Orion's heart softened completely. He nodded. “Of course."
He sat at her bedside, holding her hand.
After a moment's thought, Lemira hid half her face under the covers and said "You can lie down beside me Otherwise, you'll be uncomfortable." 
"I'll wait until you fall asleep, then I'll lie down."
Orion gently covered her eyes with his hand. "Time to sleep now."
Darkness filled Lemira's vision, yet she wasn't afraid at all.
She held onto his hand. "Wait until I'm asleep before you leave."
"I'm not going anywhere."
Orion looked at her, his gaze unfathomably deep: *I'll always be with you. Forever.*
Lemira thought she'd fall into a dream, but instead, her sleep was blank-she didn't even revisit the car crash from years ago.
She longed to remember what happened that night.
But all she could recall were the hands that saved her hands that looked young, definitely not those of a middle-aged man.
So there had been someone else at the scene.
When Lemira woke up, she turned her head to see the man lying beside her his brow furrowed as if deep in thought over something significant. 
She couldn't help but reach out to trace his features he looked good no matter how she saw him.
The next second, the man's eyes opened and he caught her hand, leaning in close.
At that, Lemira woke up for real.
She stared at her familiar bedroom ceiling, then glanced to the side-Orion was already gone.
Had it all been a dream?
Lemira checked the time and noticed a message from Orion: [There's food on the table. Don't worry.]
After getting washed and dressed, Lemira sat down at the dining table, where all her favorite dishes had been laid out for her.
Just then, her phone rang. It was an unknown number.
Lemira hesitated, then
answered and as expected, sheet
heard Lucian's voice. "Lemmy, how did your investigation go last night? Can we meet and talk 
She replied with a mocking edge, "What makes you think you can negotiate with me?"
"We'll bargain with Evelina's life. Is that enough to bring you to the table?”
###Chapter 765
Hearing Asher's words, spoken through gritted teeth, Lemira's lips curled into a cold, mocking smile. "What's the matter? Changed your mind now? Weren't you the one who was so determined to protect Evelina before?"
Asher was so furious that he could barely breathe.
He was still lying in his hospital bed. Ever since he woke up last night, he hadn't managed to sleep at all.
The money Evelina transferred was gone—vanished without a trace.
Lucian, sounding desperate and exhausted, pleaded, "Lemmy, right now we need to put our disagreements behind us and work together. We have to find out the truth about the car accident and catch whoever killed Mom and Dad."
"We've already alerted them. The Sinclair family will hear about this soon enough. So, tell me what do I gain from working with you?" Lemira glanced at her phone, her eyes chilly. “And don't try to bargain with Evelina's life. I don't care whether she lives or dies. Honestly, I'd rather see her dead."
"Lemmy, that's not what Asher meant," Lucian interjected quickly. "He just means that with Evelina in our hands, she's basically a hostage. She must know something about her father. If we cooperate, we can find out the truth faster. Isn't that what you want?"
Lucian had barely slept last night either.
He was struggling to come to terms with the fact that Evelina's father might still be alive.
"No," Lemira replied icily, without hesitation.
Asher, frustrated, demanded, “Lemira, you know working with me is the fastest way. Why are you refusing?”
"The answer's simple," Lemira replied, her voice detached. "Now that you know Evelina's father is alive, isn't every second just pure torment for you? The guilt, the regret—it's enough to suffocate you."
Lucian and Asher exchanged glances, both falling silent, heads bowed.
It was true. Last night had been unbearable; regret and pain pressed heavy on their hearts.
Lucian's voice was hoarse. "Lemmy, ever since we learned the truth, we've been paying for it. We're being punished."
Sometimes, just living with the truth was punishment enough.
Lemira said coldly, "I know. That's exactly what I want to see you suffer, to be tormented by guilt for the rest of your lives."
Asher snapped, almost at his
breaking point. "Lemira, what do you
want from us? I swear, I didn't know things would turn out like this!
never meant for any of this to happen, and now I'm paying for it too! 
FindNovel.net
"This is only the beginning." Lemira's voice was icy. "You owe Evelina a life.' How many years have you accused me of that? How many years have I shouldered that blame?
What you're feeling now is nothing in comparison." 
Lucian, tortured by her words, buried his face in his hands. "Stop. Please, just stop.”
The reality was almost too much for him to bear.
For all those years, they blamed Lemira for their parents' deaths.
One sleepless night for them-years of suffering for her.
Lucian broke down in tears. "Lemmy, this is all my fault. I'm sorry. I never should have said those things to you."
Asher sat in stunned silence, unable to muster a single response to Lemira's words.
Panic and confusion filled his eyes. He was only now beginning to grasp the extent of what he'd done-he'd hurt his own sister, emotionally torturing her for years.
Lemira's voice cut through the silence, sharp with derision. "What, nothing to say now?"
The call ended abruptly.
Lucian's hands trembled as he hurled his phone across the room.
firs
He gave a bitter, broken laugh. "Asher... Asher, why did you bring Evelina into our mily in the first place? If you hadn't, Lemira wouldn't have had to suffer all these years. None of this would've happened!" 
There would be no living with this pain now.
Asher clutched his head, his voice tight with anguish. "I said stop. Just stop."
"Why should I? Asher, do you regret it now? How many times did I warn you not to treat Lemira that way? She's our real sister-but look what you did."
###Chapter 766
Lucian was seething with anger. "Asher, if you had listened to me earlier, at least Lemira might not hate us so much. At least we wouldn't be stuck in this deadlock as siblings."
Asher was completely distraught, covering his face and not daring to look at Lucian.
At this moment, he was suffering intensely.
Lemira was right—every single moment from now on would be nothing but torment.
A constant weight of pain and regret pressed on his heart.
And this was only the beginning of his punishment.
Lemira was truly merciless.
After hanging up the phone, Lemira finished her breakfast and went straight to campus.
She headed to her class in the main building, where Oanice had saved a seat for her.
As soon as Lemira sat down, Oanice leaned over and whispered, "How did it go last night?"
"It went well enough," Lemira replied quietly. "Let's talk later."
She didn't want to say anything more in the classroom-if someone overheard, the news would spread in no time.
Oanice understood and didn't press further. She and Stella Waverly hadn't slept well the night before either, both worried about Lemira, but they hadn't dared to text her in case it brought her more trouble.
During class, Lemira received a message from Orion: [I'll pick you up after class.]
[Where are we going?] she replied.
[Take the initiative.]
As soon as Lemira saw those words, she knew exactly what Orion meant.
After everything that happened last night, news would probably reach Mrs. Amelia very soon, so they had to act first.
She just hadn't expected Orion to arrange things so quickly.
Lemira replied with a simple "Okay" and started thinking about what Orion had planned.
No matter how she tried to guess, she couldn't figure out what he was going to do.
As soon as the bell rang, Lemira started gathering her things. "Can you take my stuff back to the dorm? I have to step out for a bit. If anything comes up, let me know in the group chat."
"Sure. Be careful," Oanice said.
Oanice knew what Lemira was up to, but there wasn't much she could do except hope Lemira would stay safe.
Lemira nodded. At this point, whatever it took, she had to get to the bottom of what really happened with that car crash all those years ago.
When she walked out of the classroom, she ran right into a group from the business school.
Susanna Sinclair raised her voice so
everyone could hear. "Well, look
who's here. Last night's wedding at y estate was
the Langston
something else playing video of the bride and the butler together for everyone to see. That was wild." 
Lemira's expression didn't change at all.
Oanice spoke up, "That's just the kind of person Evelina is. She had it coming."
At that moment, Dorian stormed over, looking furious, but Lemira stopped him cold and said sharply, "What do you want?"
"Lemira, is what Susanna said true?"
Dorian looked exhausted, eyes bloodshot-he never imagined Evelina would actually marry Evander. What did that make him?
With a half-smile, Lemira replied, “That depends on what you mean. If you mean the wedding last night, it happened. And if you mean the video-yes, that was real too."
After hearing that, Dorian looked like he might collapse. Face dark, he spun on his heel and stormed off.
Susanna burst out laughing. “Lemira, your family's reputation is really something. The Langstons are the joke of our whole circle now. People
cant stop talking about how far
you've all fallen. 
Lemira stayed silent, expressionless. Honestly, she didn't care about the Langston name.
If she did, she wouldn't have played that video at the wedding yesterday.
Lemira tried to leave, but Susanna
stepped in front of her. "Hold on, you're the talk of the town-give us the scoop on what happened after. Did Evander really trash Evelina None of us can reach her." 
Susanna's eyes glinted with malice.
Right then, Susanna's phone rang, and suddenly her face went pale as she
answered, "What? My mom is missing?"
###Chapter 767
Hearing Susanna's words, Lemira immediately glanced over with a scrutinizing gaze.
She couldn't help but wonder silently-could this have something to do with Orion?
Outwardly, however, Lemira remained composed. After all, this sort of thing wasn't something she could easily discuss.
When Susanna finished her call, her voice was choked with tears—she was clearly rattled.
Watching Susanna so worried, a hint of irony flashed in Lemira's eyes. So, the Sinclair family does know what it's like to lose someone dear.
Yet years ago, it was the Sinclairs who orchestrated that tragic car accident, taking away her own parents.
"Lemira, what are you staring at? My mother will be fine. She's Mrs. Amanda's close friend, and the Everhart family will help find her."
Not wanting to appear weak in front of Lemira, Susanna bit out her words in defiance.
Lemira responded coolly, "Are you sure you want to keep wasting time here?" "Don't get ahead of yourself, Lemira. My mother will be fine!"
But Susanna was too worried about her mother to argue further. She hurried away, unable to linger.
Lemira watched Susanna's retreating figure, her eyes growing more contemplative.
Oanice whispered, "Serves them right, doesn't it? The Sinclairs are always so arrogant. It was only a matter of time before they got themselves into trouble." "Don't say things like that. If Susanna hears about it, she'll make trouble for you," Lemira cautioned.
She didn't want Oanice to get dragged into anything-Susanna already disliked her, and if she heard Oanice's comment, she'd surely come looking for a fight later.
Oanice nodded quickly. "I know, I'll be careful next time."
"I'm heading out," Lemira said simply.
Without another word, she walked off campus. As expected, she spotted Orion's car parked along the curb.
She hurried over, opened the door, and got in.
"This is for you."
Orion handed her a small, beautifully wrapped bag filled with delicate pastries.
Lemira glanced at it. "You actually made time to get these?"
Judging by the time he had left her a message, he must have been out since early morning.
"If you really care, you always find the time," Orion replied.
He'd passed by the shop, noticed they had just released a new item, and asked the driver to pick them up for her.
He remembered she liked these kinds of snacks.
She once said that sweets could always lift her mood.
Lemira took in the sugary scent from the bag, her spirits brightening. She sampled a bite, then looked down and admired the charming packaging 
"Don't like it?" Orion tilted his head, his gaze settling on the pastry in her hand.
Lemira smiled. "How about you try one?"
As she was about to offer him a new pastry, he leaned over and simply finished off the one she had already bitten.
Lemira paused; her fingertips brushed fleetingly against his cool lips.
Orion tasted the pastry and frowned. "It's too sweet. Not really my thing."
"I think it's nice," Lemira replied, handing him a bottle of water-she knew he didn't have much of a sweet tooth.
This treat was especially sugary—he'd surely find it overpowering.
Orion gulped down several sips of water before tooking at her. "Is it really good? You looked like you to now."
were swallowing medicinoε?
"No—it's just that I thought the box was pretty," Lemira answered.
It wasn't that she disliked the pastry.
It was more that, despite his busy schedule, he still remembered to buy her these little treats to cheer her up
The gesture feft her cheer her up
inexplicably moved. 
She asked, "Earlier, when you said we needed to act first, what did you mean?"
"You'll understand when we get there," Orion replied.
Lemira hesitated for a moment. "Susanna just got a call from her family-her mother's gone missing."
Orion's eyes narrowed thoughtfully. "So you've guessed it, too."
"Aren't you worried your mother will find out? I heard they've been close friends for years."
A wry smile appeared in Orion's eyes. "Maybe that's not such a good thing. Some friendships are more toxic than they seem."
###Chapter 768
If the incident back then had really been orchestrated by the Sinclair family,
and he had happened to be in that car-then something was definitely off.
But Orion couldn't say anything yet.
Lemira shifted the conversation. "You won't get caught doing this, will you? It's against the law, after all."
"She won't call the police."
"But what if the Sinclairs have already gone to the cops?"
Orion turned his head, his gaze steady. "She'll clear things up once she gets back."
"You're that confident?"
"Everything's already in place."
Orion didn't want to share too many details, worried about shattering the image she held of him.
He didn't want to soil her eyes with the ugliness of these tasks-let alone her hands. That's why he had made arrangements last night and left early this morning.
He'd take care of anything dangerous; Lemira wouldn't have to get involved. He'd bring her everything she needed.
Noticing the shadow in his eyes, Lemira lowered her gaze, hiding her tangled thoughts.
They didn't say much after that.
Their car entered an underground parking garage, where they switched vehicles before driving on.
Eventually, they stopped in front of a large building.
Something about the place struck Lemira as familiar.
Wasn't this where Mrs. Amanda once invited her for a beauty treatment?
Orion guided her in through the back entrance of the spa, winding through a few narrow corridors before entering a room.
Debby was already there, and as soon as she saw Lemira, she gave a prompt report: "We've brought her in-the room is ready. When do we start?"
Lemira glanced at Orion. "Start what?"
"Asking whatever you want to know."
"How, though? If we're not careful, she's bound to get suspicious."
Orion took her hand. "That's why our cover is that we were the original accomplices We've kidnapped Mrs. otherwise, well expose what happened back then." 
Amella formone Mrs.
Lemira considered for a moment, then nodded. "That works."
"I've already got someone inside. Whatever you want asked, just say the word."
Lemira saw Mrs. Amelia tied up in a small, gloomy, damp room. It was impossible to tell they were in an office building.
She watched as a rough-looking man with tattoos entered, a black mask hiding his features.
He went right over and touched Mrs. Amelia's face, startling her into a scream. "Who who are you? If you want money, I'll give it to you!"
"You stupid woman—if you'd pay up sooner, would I have had to keep hiding all these years?"
"What do you mean? I-I don't understand!"
"Don't remember? Years ago, your
family hired us to get rid of your net
competition-to make those people
die ina
car crash! We did the job but
you never paid up content belongs.
Recognition dawned on Mrs. Amelia. She hurried to say, "I did pay you!"
"No way-I never saw a penny."
"I really did! I gave the money to Hale back then!"
Mrs. Amelia felt genuinely wronged. How could she not have paid? For something
like this, how could she have let the money go unpaid?
Lemira was standing behind a one-way mirror. She looked to Orion: “Hale is Evelina's father?"
"Yes, that's his nickname."
Pressing her lips together, Lemira focused on Mrs. Amelia. “Keep asking."
The man lightly slapped Mrs. Amelia's cheek. "But Hale said you never paid the balance-that's why I had to run overnight, Haven't dared go home for years I've been dirt' poor." 
"Then Hale must have kept the money for himself!"
Mrs. Amelia was furious. Those fools-how could they embezzle such a small
amount of money?
Lemira picked up the microphone. "Ask her where Hale is."
Mrs. Amelia surely knew.
###Chapter 769
Lemira fixed her gaze through the thin wall at Mrs. Amelia, waiting intently for the answer she was desperate to hear.
"Speak! Where's Hale? I've spent years searching for that coward he hides well, doesn't he? And he stole my money!"
Frightened, Mrs. Amelia replied in a hurry, "He—he works at a car dealership now. You can go confront him yourself!"
She gave up the information without any hesitation.
Lemira frowned. But Hale was already nowhere to be found.
Orion spoke up. “Keep questioning her. Make her admit what happened with the car accident that year. And get her to spill where Hale's been hiding all this time."
The interrogator, following these instructions, pressed further: “So you've stayed in touch with Hale all these years, haven't you? Don't try to deny you two set me up and stole my money."
"I haven't! Just go to the dealership and look for him yourself, or I can call him for you,” Mrs. Amelia shot back. In this moment, she hated Hale with a passion—what a fool!
Her phone was taken from her, unlocked, and someone dialed Hale's number. But the phone was off.
Mrs. Amelia's fear spiked. “That's always been his number! I have no reason to lie to you—really! If you let me go, I'll pay you some money first as compensation. But you have to release me to get the money."
Now, escaping this godforsaken place was all she could think about.
"You think a little money is enough after what happened back then? I lost everything. I've been living like a ghost all these years. Do you really think a payoff fixes anything?"
"Then what do you want?" Mrs. Amelia was nearing a breakdown. "If something happens to me, someone will come looking. My best friend is Mrs. Amanda. With the Everhart family's help, you won't be able to hide for long. The smartest thing for you is to take the money and let me go."
As soon as the words left her lips, she was slapped hard—her blindfold was knocked off.
For the first time, Mrs. Amelia saw the state of the room. It was filthy and cluttered- definitely not a safe place.
Her heart dropped to the floor. Had her family realized she was missing yet?
If her eldest daughter noticed, surely, she would go to Mrs. Amanda for help.
And with the Everharts involved, surely they'd find her soon.
This thought brought Mrs. Amelia a little comfort.
She faced the masked kidnapper, and tried again, "I can pay you. Take the money, then settle your score with Hale. He's the one who took your money."
Secretly, she wished she could kill Hale herself—that bastard had ruined her too!
"If Hale won't even answer his phone, why should I believe you? What if I let you go, and I still can't find him? I'd lose everything!"
“But this has nothing to do with me!"
"Nothing to do with you? You were the one who hired us! You were the mastermind. If I walk into the police station and
confess, do you think you'll keep your place as a society lady?" 
Mrs. Amelia's expression changed. "I never told you to kill anyone! I just wanted you to stage an accident to injure the Langstons, so they'd miss the bichthe next day. You're the ones who messed up and actually killed them!" 
She herself had been shocked when she heard what happened.
She never intended for anyone to die—just wanted to stop them from attending the auction.
Was it really her fault they ended up dead?
"Lady, you think anyone can control how those plans turn out? People died. That means the price goes up."
Mrs. Amelia's expression was ice cold. "I'll pay you. But you need to let me go."
"But first, you have to tell me where Hale is."
"How should I know where he is? All I know is he once owned that dealership, but lost all his money gambling and had to sell it. After that, he just worked as a mechanic there!"
Mrs. Amelia deeply regretted ever getting involved with these people-there was no end to their harassment.
When Lemira heard this, she looked at Orion in surprise. "That can't be right. The one who's been a
mechanic at the dealership all along
Evelina's uncle Galloway, not her father." 
###Chapter 770
Orion considered for a moment before picking up the mic. "That's enough for now. Come out."
The interrogator fixed his gaze on Mrs. Amelia and said, "Take some time to think things through. Otherwise, you might just run out of my patience."
"Wait! I really don't know anything!” Mrs. Amelia shouted after him.
As she watched the kidnapper leave, Mrs. Amelia's anger almost boiled over. How dare these bottom-feeders talk to her like this? Absolute vermin! She longed for someone to find her as soon as possible—then she'd make sure these kidnappers paid dearly.
On the other side of the wall, Lemira watched Mrs. Amelia quietly, then said, "But Evelina's father and the man we captured clearly aren't the same person. They don't even look alike."
Mrs. Amelia's statement did seem odd.
What was it that wasn't matching up?
Orion turned to Lemira. "Maybe Hale had plastic surgery."
“But if he did, what about the photo Debby got before? That's unmistakably Evelina's father's face!"
"There are hyper-realistic silicone masks that can mimic someone's features. If you're not looking closely, you'd never notice," Orion replied, furrowing his brow. "No wonder we couldn't find him last night. If he's already changed his face, he'd look completely different. That's why we missed him."
"Exactly!" Lemira's eyes lit up in sudden realization.
Hale and his cousin had both been at the dealership, but the crucial difference was that Hale had altered his appearance, while his cousin hadn't.
That was the detail they'd missed.
No wonder they couldn't pin down Hale.
Lemira turned to Orion. "I knew something was off-no wonder Evelina's father could give us the slip every single time. Turns out, this was why."
They'd been headed in the wrong direction from the start.
Orion looked at Debby. "Have someone discreetly investigate all the mechanics at the dealership, especially those close to Hale's cousin. I want a thorough background check on everyone connected."
Now that they knew Hale had changed his appearance, even if he'd used fake ID, there were still ways to uncover the truth.
Lemira's mood brightened; at least they'd found a new lead.
Noticing her smile, Orion finally felt a sense of relief. Ever since he'd seen her earlier, Lemira had looked anxious and dejected.
He asked gently, "Is there anything else you want to ask?"
"There's probably not much more we can get from her... Wait! We should ask who else was in the car she arranged that year!" The thought seemed to strike Lemira all at once. 
Now was the ideal moment to ask.
Orion pressed his lips together, an unreadable look passing over his eyes. He
couldn't quite meet her gaze, clearly tense.
Some things, he knew, were simply unavoidable.
Lemira noticed. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing. If you want to ask, just tell him." Orion glanced at the masked man standing nearby.
The man approached respectfully, standing beside Lemira. “Anything you want to ask-just let me know."
"The question I mentioned earlier, and also—why didn't Hale die back then? And who exactly was the Langston family's driver who was killed?"
The man hesitated for a moment. "If
I ask too directly, it'll blow my cover.
Since my role is as one of the original accomplices, I can't act like I don't know the details about the. accident." 
Lemira thought it over. "Then ask however you see fit."
The masked man glanced at Orion-seeing no ion, he turned and headed back inside, taking a swig from a beer bottle as he walked. "Have you made up your
mind yet?" 
Mrs. Amelia glared at the returning kidnapper. "I've already told you everything I know."
"You know, it's strange. There was someone else sitting in the back of that car you arranged. Who was it?"
Mrs. Amelia's expression changed immediately. "There was nobody in the back— you must be mistaken."
###Chapter 771
Lemira watched the changing expression on Mrs. Amelia's face.
She said, "Mrs. Amelia is lying."
The masked man noticed it too. He grabbed Mrs. Amelia's hair. "Don't give me that crap! I saw it with my own eyes, and you still think you can fool me?"
Mrs. Amelia gritted her teeth against the pain on her scalp and stared at the masked man. "How could you have possibly seen it? Who the hell are you?"
The masked man narrowed his eyes. "I know exactly what happened. Tell me who was it?"
Mrs. Amelia, still enduring the pain, replied through clenched teeth: "There was no one behind the car!"
"Oh, so you're not going to talk? I see you're determined to protect Hale. The two of you are quite the pair. Well, if I end up having some fun with Hale's mistress today, I suppose it'll be worth it."
"You wouldn't dare!"
Mrs. Amelia's face went pale with fear. "If you so much as touch me, not only will you get no money, but you'll be a dead man walking. Hale has been gambling nonstop-he doesn't have a dime. I'm the only one who can pay you!"
The masked man sneered, "Fine, maybe I'll let you go, but only if you tell me who was in the car! I need some leverage, in case you come after me later!"
Mrs. Amelia glared at the masked man. “If you want to stay alive, stop asking questions. Take the money and walk away-after that, whether you kill Hale or run off with some girl, it's your choice. But if you find out something you shouldn't, you're as good as dead."
No matter what, Mrs. Amelia refused to speak.
Lemira was surprised at how far Mrs. Amelia would go to protect that person. Who could it be?
At that moment, Debby spoke up, “Mr. Everhart, we've located the person nearby. It won't be long before they track this place down."
Lemira was surprised. "That fast?"
Debby glanced at Orion, "Well, the Everhart family pulled some strings. Of course, it's fast."
Orion explained, "I'm guessing my mom arranged it. She doesn't know what's really going on."
"So what do we do now?"
Mrs. Amelia wasn't going to talk.
Orion looked down at her and asked, "Do you want to introduce yourself?"
Huh?
Lemira sensed a hidden meaning in Orion's words.
bet
Orion casually tapped her fingers and said, "Change clothes, put on a mask and use the voice changer No one will recognize you." .net>
Lemira looked at the clothes nearby and asked, "Is there enough time?"
"There is. I'll keep watch outside."
Lemira quickly changed her clothes, put on the mask and voice changer, and went back in.
She looked at Mrs. Amelia and was reminded of her own parents' deaths.
"Who... who are you?"
Mrs. Amelia immediately realized this wasn't the same kidnapper from before, and fear crept into her eyes.
Lemira stared back coldly, then struck Mrs. Amelia across the face.
"Scared now?" she said icily. "Did
you
think you'd end up here
onet
when you hired someone to kill my parents? 
Mrs. Amelia felt the sting and swelling on her face. "I never wanted to kill them!"
“But that's what happened because of you. In the end, you're a murderer too—don't pretend you're innocent!"
"They just had bad luck! What does that have to do with me? I didn't want them dead!"
Bad luck?
Lemira clamped a hand around Mrs. Amelia's throat. "Looks like your luck's run out too. How do you want to die?"
Panic flashed across Mrs. Amelia's face. "I can pay you! Isn't that what you want? I have plenty of money!"
Lemira looked down at her. "You look down on people like me. I can't stand arrogant women like you. Now that I finally have you in my hands, you'd better leave me something as insurance. After all, what's the point of getting your money if I don't live long enough to spend it? 
###Chapter 772
Here is the revised translation based on your instructions. I've corrected cultural references, polished the language for natural English expression, preserved the emotional tone, and ensured the narrative accurately matches the original intent. All U.S. cultural conventions and idiomatic expressions are respected.
Lemira reached out and tore open Mrs. Amelia's clothes, then raised her phone to record. “I think keeping this will give us some solid insurance."
Mrs. Amelia screamed hysterically, "I can give you as much money as you want! Please, just let me go!"
She couldn't stand the humiliation.
Seeing Mrs. Amelia's desperate expression finally eased some of Lemira's anger.
She bent down and smirked. "That's more like it-this is the attitude you should have when you've done something wrong. Beg!"
Lemira shoved Mrs. Amelia down, looming over her. "I told you to beg! Get on your knees!"
Grovel like a stray dog who's lost its home.
After all, her parents had died so unjustly—all because of Mrs. Amelia.
Mrs. Amelia, abandoning any pride, pleaded, "I didn't have a choice back then! Everything was going smoothly, but suddenly some nobodies from the countryside showed up and tried to compete with us for that contract. How was I supposed to just stand by?"
If the Sinclair family hadn't won that deal, they would've gone bankrupt ages ago.
How could they have turned into a family of such wealth and status?
Mrs. Amelia went on, "You have to look out for yourself in this world. Besides, weren't you people bribed back then too?"
Watching Mrs. Amelia's face, Lemira realized that someone like her would never regret anything.
All she ever cared about was her own profit.
Lemira's voice turned icy. "So now you're in our hands, and we make the rules. I'm sure the Sinclair family will pay handsomely to keep this little video of their socialite under wraps."
As Lemira's hand reached toward her, Mrs. Amelia passed out from terror.
Lemira just gave a cold laugh. "That's all it took to break her?"
"Time's up," came Orion's voice in Lemira's ear-she knew it was time to leave.
She turned and walked out, looking at Orion. "Do you think I went too far?"
After all, Mrs. Amelia was his mother's close friend.
And yet, she'd humiliated her, forced her to kneel and beg.
Orion took kemira's hand. "I let you go in there because I wanted you finally get some closure. 
"
Debby stepped forward. "We'll take care of things here. You two should go."
Soon everyone else had left.
Orion looked at Lemira. "Change your clothes."
Lemira pulled off her jacket and pants, and then left with Orion.
In a low voice, she asked, "Will they find Mrs. Amelia?”
"No way."
Orion's gaze turned icy. "She needs to suffer for a few days, to live in constant dread."
And there were still questions he hadn't had a chance to ask.
Like why she'd set him up to be in that car all those years ago.
Lemira smiled faintly. "She deserves to taste a little hardship. We've suffered enough all these years, wale the Sinclair fam
lived in
luxury." 
FindNovel.net
If it hadn't been for the Sinclair family's schemes, her parents would have landed that contract.
And the Langston family wouldn't be in its current state.
Orion took her hand. "It's only a matter of time before we find out the whole truth."
"I know. Thank you for everything you've done."
Lemira was genuinely grateful to him.
Orion stepped closer, lowering his gaze to her. "Just don't forget it."
Remember, and maybe when the truth comes out, she'll hate him a little less.
Everything Orion had done for her, Lemira etched it into her heart—how could she ever forget?
The elevator doors slid open. Standing outside was Sophia
Sinclair, and the moment she saw them she broke down. "Orie! I've
been looking everywhere net
you somethings happened to my mom!" 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 773
Lemira saw Sophia standing outside the elevator, her pupils tightening involuntarily.
She hadn't expected the Sinclairs to arrive so quickly.
Lemira could tell that Sophia was deeply worried about her mother, but Lemira herself had lost both parents as a child—because of the Sinclair family.
Taking the initiative, Lemira spoke up. "Ms. Sinclair, I heard your mother is missing. Has there been any news?"
At these words, Sophia clenched her jaw in silence but didn't respond to Lemira.
She took a step toward Orion, anxiety clear on her face. “Mrs. Amanda has already sent people to help me. Will you come with me? Right now, you're the only person I can truly rely on."
Orion turned to Lemira. "Let me take you back to campus first."
Sophia stepped forward and grabbed Orion's hand. "Orie, my mother is missing-l don't know what's happening, and I'm scared. Can you stay with me, please?" Lemira saw the anxiety etched on Sophia's face and the tears welling in her eyes. She felt a pang of guilt she couldn't explain.
After all, Mrs. Amelia had been kidnapped by them, and she was still in their hands.
Lemira looked at Orion. "Maybe you should go with Ms. Sinclair to look for her mother?"
With Orion there, he could keep an eye on things, just to be safe and make sure nothing suspicious slipped out.
But Orion avoided Sophia's grasp, strode forward, and gently pulled Lemira out of the elevator.
Lemira glanced over at the man by her side, then couldn't help looking back at Sophia-only to meet eyes brimming with resentment and hatred.
Sophia called out loudly behind them, "Orie, are you really going to abandon me at a time like this?"
Sophia was on the verge of breaking down. She hadn't expected that even now, Orion was still siding with that wretched Lemira.
Lemira was just going back to school-her own mother was missing!
Was her mother's crisis really less important than Lemira?
When they reached the car, Lemira turned to Orion. "If you don't go, won't it look a bit suspicious?"
The Everhart and Sinclair families were still on good terms; even though the engagement hadn't continued, the relationship between the families remained solid.
Orion frowned at her, visibly frustrated. "Do you really want me to go with her that much?"
"That's not what I mean."
"Then what do you mean?"
Orion lowered his gaze, eyes settling on her face. "You overestimate my relationship with her. Don't push me toward her."
It was only because his mother and Sophia's mother were close friends that the two families interacted so often.
Lemira realized what was upsetting him and spoke in a low voice, “I'm not pushing you toward her."
His lips tightened into a cold line. "Then what did you mean by what you just said?"
Lemira tugged gently at his sleeve. "I'm just worried the Sinclairs might get suspicious. If you go with her, you can see what the family is
find out if the
planning, and maybe out Hale."
Sinclairs know anything about Hale" 
"So you want me to play the charming hero?"
Lemira kept her voice low. "Your mother's already here helping with the search. If you stay away, it might look off and it'll make things harder for your mom. Mrs. Amelia is her close friend. Think of it as doing her a favor." 
FindNovel.net
Orion glanced at her hand before speaking in a cool tone. “Fine. I'll go over there
first. I'll have my driver take you back to campus."
"No, it's fine. I can get back myself."
"No."
Orion's brows drew together, obviously unwilling to compromise.
In the end, Lemira had no choice but to nod in agreement.
Once inside the car, she watched Orion turn and walk toward Sophia, who immediately flashed a smile of radiant relief.
Seeing Sophia's face, Lemira
suddenly remembered Mrs. Amelia's
words that her parents' death?n,
that car accident had been nothing
but their own bad luck. 
How absurd.
###Chapter 774
Here is your refined English translation, adjusted for accuracy, cultural adaptation, flow, and appropriate emotional tone:
Well then, Sophia-starting now, you and the Sinclair family will slowly begin to pay the price.
Once the car had pulled away, Orion finally averted his gaze.
Sophia was on the verge of tears. She had never endured such humiliation in her life.
She quickly composed herself and, looking pitiable, said, “Orie, your mother has arranged for so many people to help me, but I'm still scared. Will you stay with me?" Orion withdrew his hand, his voice chilly. "Why did your mother disappear?"
"I'm not sure. The kidnappers haven't demanded a ransom. I heard she vanished from the spa here, but so far no one's found any clues about her leaving the building. My guess is that whoever did this might still be here, hiding and afraid to make a move."
Orion thought for a moment; an idea was already forming in his mind.
He went upstairs with Sophia. The search parties he'd organized were already canvassing the area.
Sophia spotted her family's staff and hurried over to ask for news.
Meanwhile, Orion took out his phone and sent a text to Debby. Now it was his turn to get a read on the Sinclairs.
He wanted to understand why Mrs. Amelia had set things up the way she did back then.
Very soon, Sophia got a message from the kidnappers. She rushed to Orion in a panic. “Orie, the kidnappers contacted me!"
"What did they say?"
"They claim my mother owes them money. They said she hired them for something more than ten years ago, but when the job was done, she refused to pay."
Orion raised his eyebrows. "What exactly did your mother do over a decade ago?"
"How should I know? My father will be here soon-maybe he knows what happened."
Sophia was trembling. "Orie, do you think my mom is in danger?"
"If your mother has nothing on her conscience, she'll be fine.”
Orion studied Sophia, his eyes searching her face.
Sophia couldn't meet his gaze. She was uncertain herself, but there was no way she could admit that in front of Orion.
No matter what her mother might have done, it must have been for the sake of the Sinclair family.
Sophia hurriedly said, "Orie, my mother isn't like that. She always gets along with everyone, and she's never one to cause conflict."
Orion's expression hardened.t wait
Other your father arrives.
Otherwise, how are we supposed to find out who's behind your mother's abduction?" 
"Orie, even when my dad comes, he won't be as effective as your people. Can't you send more people to help search? I believe there isn't anyone the Everhart family can't trac down." 
Right now, Orion was Sophia's only hope.
"Running around without any leads won't help us find anything," Orion said flatly.
When he saw Sophia's father Wade approaching, Orion walked right over. “Who did you cross more than a decade ago? Who do you owe money to?"
Wade's
was uneasy. "That was
so long ago-who can
that?hink they just
just pay them and move on."
W1
Orion gave Wade a penetrating look. "Then we'll wait for them to contact you again."
Sophia asked, “Dad, should we call the police?”
"We can't go to the police!"
Wade immediately shut down the idea. If the police got wind of what really happened all those years ago, the Sinclair family would be implicated.
That much was enough for Sophia to know there had to be more behind all this.
She quickly pulled Wade aside and whispered, “Dad, what is really going on? Why did they kidnap Mom?"
Wade hesitated, sneaking a guilty look at Orion.
He lowered his voice, almost a whisper. "Orion must never find out about this-if he does, the Sinclair family is finished."
Sophia was stunned, a wave of anxiety crashing over her. What could have happened?
###Chapter 775
Sophia also lowered her voice cautiously. "But if we don't talk about it, how are we supposed to save Mom?"
Did Dad really not want to save her?
Wade was just as anxious. "You think I don't want to save your mother? Of course I do, but this isn't as simple as you think."
"Then tell me, what is it?"
Wade hesitated, then said, "It involves a project the Sinclair family was bidding for years ago a very important one for us. Your mom pulled some strings to make sure we won. She sabotaged the competitors so they couldn't even join the bidding. Most likely, the kidnappers are the very people your mother once hired for that job."
Still, Wade didn't tell Sophia the whole truth. He only called it business competition.
Sophia let out a sigh of relief. "Oh, I thought it was something much worse. But what does this have to do with the Everhart family? Why can't we let Orion know?"
Could it have been a rivalry with the Everharts?
That didn't seem right. Given the relationship between the Everharts and the Sinclairs, if it was just a small project, Mrs. Amanda would probably have let the Sinclairs take it.
It never should have been such a big deal-was all that scheming even necessary?
Wade grew more agitated. "It's complicated. Let's get your mother back first, then she can explain everything to you herself."
Sophia had her suspicions but didn't dare say too much in case Orion caught on—if that happened, things could get even worse.
Quickly, she turned and went over to join Orion. "Orie, I talked with my dad. He said
it was just some old business rivalry—a company lost a contract to us, went bankrupt, and now they blame us for it. That's why someone's come after our family."
Sophia had left out that her own mother had sabotaged the competition.
Hearing this, Orion's eyes flickered with derision.
As expected, the Sinclairs never tell the truth.
Orion didn't say anything. Mrs. Amelia had already been taken away; even if they tore the place apart, they wouldn't find her.
Back in her dorm room, Lemira was thinking about how Evelina's father had gone into hiding after getting plastic surgery, working at an auto, repair shop. Thankfully, she had waited and not alarmed him.
If someone investigated the shop's mechanics now, they'd probably dig up a lead.
If Hale had run away, someone at the shop would be missing that day.
But if everyone was at work, Hale was still there.
Either way, she'd be able to confirm who Hale was now.
Lemira felt a new sense of optimism—a lot was finally turning in her favor.
"Lemira, you're back? Did you skip your afternoon elective?"
Stella hadn't expected Lemira to return so early.
"I skipped class. Just wanted some time to rest."
"I heard Mrs. Amelia's missing-looks like she's been kidnapped."
Lemira noticed Stella's pointed look and paused. “Why are you looking at me like that?"
“I'm guessing your family's involved somehow. Have you found out anything? Why did that woman want your parents dead?"
Lemira responded with a cold smile. "She claimed it was just an accident. Said she only wanted my parents injured so they couldn't attend the bid the next day." 
"And that somehow makes her innocent? If she hadn't arranged the accident, your parents would still be alive."
“Exactly. But I never saw even a
glimmer of guilt in Mrs. Amelia's eyes. It was like she thought
everything she did was justified. She
actually told me my parents died
because they were unlucky!" 
It was absurd.
In Mrs. Amelia's eyes, her parents' lives meant absolutely nothing.
Hatred blazed in Lemira's gaze. She was determined to make the Sinclair family
pay.
###Chapter 776
Stella hugged Lemira. "We have to make sure they're brought to justice."
"Yes, we absolutely will."
Lemira wiped away the tear tracks at the corner of her eyes. She had come this far there was no way she'd give up now.
"Let me tell you something to cheer you up."
"What is it?"
Stella smiled. "Asher came to see me today."
Lemira looked surprised. "What did he want? Don't tell me he was trying to borrow money?"
"If he only wanted to borrow money, I might actually think better of him. Your Asher tried to pursue me said he still couldn't forget me."
Stella's eyes were full of scorn. "Does he have something wrong with his head? He must think that someone with a disability like me couldn't possibly find another man."
"Don't think like that. Really, it's Asher who's got problems arrogant and self- important. Just ignore him."
Lemira realized she had underestimated just how shameless the Langstons could be.
She said, “It's probably because of the money Evelina transferred. The Langston Group is desperate for funding right now. If they lose the money for this project, the whole company could go under."
Stella replied, “That's actually a good thing for you."
The words caught Lemira off guard for a second before she nodded. "It is, actually. It really is."
"Asher used to rely on the Langston Group to treat you so badly, and even used the company's resources to sabotage you. Once the Langston Group goes bankrupt, he'll be left with nothing. I'd like to see how high and mighty he acts then."
Stella knew about the dirty tricks Asher had used to frame Lemira in the past.
For someone as proud and arrogant as Asher, losing everything would be a fate worse than death.
"Exactly. If the Langston Group really
does go bankrupt, I'd love to see
their faces. And the fact that: because Evelina took the
money-there's nothing that could
make it sting more."
"Right. Now that Evelina's been exposed, have the Langstons decided what to do with their 'two-faced' girl?"
Lemira shook her head. “So much has happened lately, I haven't really been paying attention to what's going on with the Langston family."
She thought for a moment, figuring that things probably weren't easy for Evelina in the Langston household right now.
But since everything else was more or less wrapped up, it was time for her to deal with the Langstons once and for all.
Just then, Lemira received a message: [Lemira, we've already gotten the truth about what
happened back then from Evelina. If you want to know everything come back to the Langston house tonight.] 
Lemira looked at the message, not entirely convinced.
Could they really have gotten the whole truth out of Evelina that easily? Evelina wasn't naive—she understood what would happen if she confessed to everything.
Stella glanced at Lemira and asked, “So, will you go back?"
"Of course I will. If I don't go, how would I know what they're planning? This is the perfect time to go back and see it all unfold."
Besides, the Langston Estate was in her name now. She could go back whenever she wanted-she didn't have to answer to anyone.
Lemira rested in her dorm for a bit before receiving a call from Debby. "Ms. Langston, we checked the repair shop. All of the mechanics are still there, except for Galloway-he's the only one who left." 
So, Evelina's father hadn't run off yet?
###Chapter 777
Hearing these words, Lemira felt a surge of excitement.
"So, that means Hale is still hiding in the auto shop and never actually left?"
"In a way, yes. We've collected the background information on all the mechanics and are checking their identities one by one. I believe it won't be long before we find someone suspicious."
Lemira let out a sigh of relief. She hadn't expected Hale to be so bold.
But then again, hiding in plain sight-the most dangerous place is often the safest. Hale probably figured that, since he'd already changed his appearance, no one would know what he looked like now. That must be why he dared to take the risk and stay at the repair shop.
After thinking it over, Lemira asked, “And what about Orion?"
Before she left, Lemira knew Orion had accompanied Sophia to look for someone. She hadn't called or messaged him, worried it might interfere with whatever he had to handle.
"Everything's going smoothly on Mr. Everhart's side, but he'll have to update you himself with the details."
"I understand. Thank you all for your hard work."
"You're too kind, Ms. Langston. It's what we're here for."
After hanging up, Lemira glanced at Stella and said, "They're close to finding Evelina's father."
"Congratulations! I'll have my people keep an eye on the Sinclair family for you. I might not have the skills of Orion from the Everhart family, but I've got my ways when it comes to information and gossip."
Lemira was genuinely touched.
"Thank you," she said. "With you all around, I don't even know how to express my gratitude. You've helped me so much."
“Oh, come on—we're friends, aren't we? And you helped me out when I needed it most, remember?"
Stella was truly grateful for everything Lemira had done for her in the past. It was thanks to Lemira that she'd found the courage to move forward with her own life.
Lemira left school and took a car straight back to the Langston Estate.
This time, when she walked through when the gates, she noticed that the decorations from the wedding were still there except all the flowers had withered, and everything was shoved haphazardly to the side,
neglected and forgotten.
Suddenly, Lemira realized how desolate and bleak the Langston Estate had become.
Once inside the main hall, the new
butler hurried over to her, all eager to please Ms. Lemira, you're finally backpecially prepared some of ve your favorite pastries. Would you like to try them now?" 'FindNovel.net
"Alright, bring them here," Lemira said, settling on the sofa.
She tasted the pastries the butler brought. The flavor was surprisingly good and matched her preferences closely. Clearly, the new butler had done his homework on her likes and dislikes.
After sampling the dessert, Lemira praised him: “Not bad. You're much more attentive than the previous butler. When I move back into the Langston Estate, you'll stay on."
"Thank you, Ms. Lemira. I promise I won't let you down."
The new butler had already found out that Lemira was the actual owner of the estate —and also the girlfriend of the Everhart heir. It was obvious that sticking with Lemira was the best move for his future.
Suddenly, a harsh voice broke through, "Lemira, you ungrateful traitor! How dare you show your face here? Look at what you've done to the Langston family!"
Lemira looked up and saw Evander, seated in his wheelchair.
His face twisted in anger, as if he could barely contain his fury.
Lemira answered coldly, "And what exactly do you mean by saying I did this to the Langston family?"
"Didn't you? You already uncovered the truth about the accident back then and knew Evelina's father was alive-all along! So why didn't you tell the family sooner instead you purposely released that video at the banquet and made me a
laughingstock!" 
###Chapter 778
Evander had been holed up at the Langston Estate these past two days, too
embarrassed to show his face. He'd even invited his friends over that day, and now he was the laughingstock of their whole social circle.
And it was all because of Lemira.
Evander had called Lemira multiple times, but the calls never went through—it was obvious she had blocked his number.
He was fuming, desperate for someone to take his anger out on, when, to his surprise, the troublesome girl came back of her own accord.
Lemira's tone dripped with sarcasm. "All you can ever do is ask why. Are you some kind of walking question bank? You're completely useless and all you know is how to yap like a stray dog-what gives you the right to criticize me?"
"I'm Evander your brother, your elder! Why wouldn't I have the right to criticize you?” Evander snapped back, his anger flaring as if she'd hit a nerve.
"In the end, you should be thanking me. If I hadn't exposed the truth, you'd have ended up marrying the daughter of the very man who killed our parents. Do you really think you could live with that on your conscience?"
Evander faltered at this and looked momentarily guilty, but quickly retorted, “Evelina's father is responsible for Mom and Dad's deaths, not Evelina herself. You shouldn't lump her in with what he did."
“Sure, logically Evelina isn't at fault. But she knew her father was still alive—and she knew there was more to the car accident than what we've been told. She still chose to hide the truth to protect him!"
Evander remained silent.
Lemira pressed on. "Not only that she secretly worked with her father to steal a massive sum of money Asher invested, nearly pushing the Langston Group into bankruptcy!"
“Lemira, stop making things up and trying to scare people. Asher's company is huge. There's no way a single sum could send it into a crisis or risk bankruptcy. You can't fool me."
Evander didn't believe a word she said. As far as he was concerned, the Langston Group was far too rich to be brought down so easily.
The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. Pointing a finger right at Lemira, he snapped, "I heard you already took Evelina's father into custody. Bring him here to the house right now. We need to get to the bottom of what happened 
“Oh, and just who are you? You think I'll bring him here just because you say so?"
With that, kemira threw the cup she
was holding onto Evander's leg. "And let's get something straight-this
villa is under my name. Mind
tone,
your
or I'll have you thrown out right
How." 
FindNovel.net
“What's all this shouting about? Haven't you had enough?”
Asher and Lucian had just returned, both with tired faces and a weary look about them.
Seeing Asher, Evander immediately
shouted, "Asher, look at how
Lemira's acting told her to bring
Evelina's father here and she flat-out
refused. I'm starting to think she never caught him at all and is just lying to us." 
Asher turned to Lemira. "Did you actually catch Evelina's father or not?" Lemira lounged on the sofa and crossed her legs. "Believe what you like." "Then what have you found so far? How is this related to the Sinclair family?"
Asher still couldn't make sense of what really happened with the car accident all those years ago.
Lemira shot him a cold look. "Didn't you say you already got the truth out of Evelina?"
So it really had all been a lie!
###Chapter 779
Lemira's eyes gleamed with mockery, making it hard for Asher to meet her gaze.
He turned away and said, "If I hadn't put it that way, would you have agreed to come back to the Langston family?"
"That's right, Lemmy," Lucian said. "Asher and I have both been at our wits' end lately. We want to get to the bottom of that accident, find the real culprit, and make sure they're brought to justice. Strength in numbers, right?"
"So basically, you didn't get anything out of Evelina?” Lemira shot back.
Lucian answered hesitantly, "For the past couple of days, Asher and I have had our hands full managing the Langston Group. Now that Evelina has transferred that sum out, the company's facing major cash flow issues. We're scrambling for ways to raise the money and help keep the company afloat."
Evander was visibly shocked. "Lucian, is the company really in that much trouble? I mean, could Evelina moving that money really put us at risk? Isn't our family supposed to be wealthy?"
Asher shook his head. “Sure, the group is valuable, but what we're missing is cash flow. When Evelina suddenly took out such a large amount, it put us in a real bind. It's not easy to suddenly free up that kind of cash."
"But the company must have more money elsewhere," Evander insisted. “There has to be something you can do."
"There are other projects that need funding, too," Asher retorted. "If those projects don't get the money they need, the problems snowball. Eventually, the Langston Group could completely collapse. Do you get it?"
Right now, all Asher could feel was regret. Why had he trusted Evelina so blindly? He should have assigned someone to keep an eye on her-in that case, the funds never would have gone missing.
Evander finally began to grow anxious after hearing Asher's explanation.
If the Langston Group really went under, what would he do for food and shelter? He definitely didn't want to be poor.
"Asher, so what are we going to do? You've got to figure something out!"
"Just stop! If you're not going to help, then don't get in the way—and definitely don't start causing trouble here," Asher snapped. "If you hadn't been so persistent about marrying Evelina, I never would have trusted her so much to begin with!”
Asher couldn't help but resent Evander a little.
If it hadn't been for Evander's insistence on marrying Evelina, Asher wouldn't have been so easily taken in by her.
Evander's face reddened in anger. "What's that supposed to mean, Asher? You think I'm useless? I'ma 4
burden? If you hadn't shirked your responsibility back then and lef Lemira agree to let the
afputate my leg, would
this chair for the rest of my life,
wasting away?" 
Asher slumped down onto the sofa, clutching his chest as if he'd suddenly aged years, weighed down by these accusations.
All the recent turmoil in the Langston family had left Asher exhausted and utterly overwhelmed.
Lemira saw the scene unfold and felt a surge of satisfaction. Finally, she thought, they're facing their reckoning.
Lemira intentionally interjected,
"Evander, that's not fair. Sure,
Asher's mistake led to your leg being
amputated, but hasn't he treated you well at these years? He's given you everything you wanted, and he's never stood in your way." 
"That's just because he owes me! If it weren't for him, would I even be disabled? Would women laugh at me? Evelina wouldn't have turned her back on me, either."
At that, Lucian raised his hand and gave Evander a sharp slap across the face. "And who told you to talk like that?"
"Lucian, why shouldn't I be allowed to talk about the things I've suffered all these years? If it weren't for Asher, would I have ended up this way?"
"You only lost the use of your legs-not your mind," Lucian replied coldly. "You've laid around for years, expecting Asher to give you whatever you want the reality is, you have no drive. Everything you
attempt ends in failure. Every investment's a loss. Even if you'd never lost your leg, you still wouldn't have achieved anything."
To Lucian, it was perfectly clear: Evander had always lacked talent and ambition.
Evander, for his part, still respected Lucian—after all, Lucian had looked after him since childhood. So, though fuming, he finally fell silent.
Lucian turned to Lemira. “Lemmy, about everything that happened in the past..... Asher knows he wronged you. Now that the truth has come out, we're facing the consequences. Trust me, we don't feel good about it, either."
###Chapter 780
Here is the revised translation, carefully edited for naturalness, faithfulness to the original, and appropriateness for American readers:
"Don't you think I know what that feels like?” Lemira said, her voice icy, eyes cold and unmoved by their pleas. "This is just your own karma."
Lucian's expression soured. He pressed on, “I just want to know, what did you get from Evelina's father? If you really have solid evidence, we can take the Sinclair family to court and make them pay for what they did."
Since they'd already uncovered a connection to the Sinclairs, it was obvious that the person Evelina's father had named as the mastermind was someone from the
Sinclair family.
Evander looked surprised. "Have the Sinclair family and our family ever had issues before?"
Asher shook his head. "I checked. There's nothing like that."
Lemira thought for a moment. "Do you remember that new energy project Dad and Mom were bidding on?"
Asher looked up. “I remember. The project was abandoned after they died."
Lemira continued, "The contract eventually went to the Sinclair family. Back then, Mom and Dad had a really good shot at winning it. But the Sinclairs wanted it so badly, they orchestrated the accident and bribed Evelina's father."
"So that's what really happened," Asher muttered, collapsing onto the sofa, completely defeated.
Lucian, after hearing the truth about the accident, fell silent. It took a while for him to speak again, and when he did, his voice shook. "So the crash wasn't just an accident. It was all planned."
“That's right,” Lemira said. “Even if I hadn't begged for cake that night, the crash would still have happened the next morning, on their way out to the bidding. The only thing my tantrum changed was the timing."
Lucian's guilt was overwhelming. “Lemmy, I'm sorry. All these years, we shouldn't have blamed you and said that you killed Mom and Dad. We've made you spend all this time living with guilt and fear."
Asher just hung his head, not daring to say a word. He'd believed it too, never realizing it was a misunderstanding all along. Lemira had taken the brunt of their anger.
He couldn't even look her in the eye.
Evander, still bitter, muttered, “But if they'd left the next day, during the day, maybe someone could've caught the killer in the act."
Lucian immediately smacked him. "How can you say something like that? You should apologize to Lemmy too."
“Why should I apologize to her?
Anyway, you two were always the ones saying that stuff 4 was hardly ever at home," Evander snapped, doing his best to avoid
responsibility. 
Then he scowled. "With Evelina's father as a witness, we can finally make the Sinclairs pay for what they've done."
If the Sinclairs hadn't plotted against his parents, the Langston family would be just
as powerful as the Sinclairs now. And he wouldn't be in this condition, either.
Evander wanted revenge too.
Asher gave a strained smile. "It's not
that simple. Given the Sinclair
family's position, it's not easy to
bring them down. Mrs Amelia's best friend is Mrs. Amanda. Witer
families like that band together, the
Langstons can't possibly stand
against them alone."
This wasn't something they could resolve quickly—it would require a long-term plan.
Evander sneered, "But isn't Lemira
close with the Everhart heir? She should work a little harder and get him on our side. If we have the Everhart family backing us dealmg with the Sinclairs would be much easier, wouldn't it?" 
Asher's eyes lit up with hope as he glanced at Lemira. If that were possible, this whole thing would be much simpler.
Lemira's face twisted into a mocking smile. These brothers really had no shame.
Just then, Evelina suddenly rushed in from the side. “Lemira, what did you do to my father?"
###Chapter 781
Lemira was genuinely startled. Wasn't that "two-faced" girl supposed to be locked up?
When did she get out?
Seeing Evelina in such a disheveled state-her face marked with bruises, as if she'd been beaten-Lemira realized things must have gone terribly for her these past couple of days at the Langston residence. She wondered if it was Evander or Asher who had laid a hand on her.
Evelina glared at Lemira with such ferocity, her eyes bloodshot and filled with a murderous rage.
Lemira's gaze turned icy. "Your father is a murderer. If he ends up being cut to pieces, he'd deserve every bit of it."
"Lemira, you b***! I'll kill you!"
Since learning her father had been captured by Lemira, Evelina had been consumed with worry.
Without warning, she rushed at Lemira, clutching a paring knife in her hand. Seeing the sudden attack, Lucian dashed forward. "Lemmy, look out!"
Before Lemira could respond, Lucian yanked her back protectively, gripping her wrist so tightly it hurt.
Evelina missed with her first swing and, undeterred, lunged a second time-this time aiming straight for Lemira's face.
Asher stepped in, catching the knife barehanded. Blood began to drip down, splattering onto Lemira's cheek.
She stared at the knife so close to her face, her heart finally settling.
All because Lucian had jumped in unexpectedly, she'd nearly been killed! "Lemmy, are you alright?"
Lemira kept silent, shoving Lucian away. "Who asked you to interfere?"
"I-I was worried about you."
From the side, Evander interjected, “Lemira, have you no conscience? Lucian just saved your life."
Lemira shot back with biting sarcasm. "Thanks to him jumping in, I was nearly disfigured by Evelina!"
With her current skills, getting out of Evelina's way wouldn't have been a challenge at all.
After seeing Asher's hand was wounded, Evelina instantly let go of the knife and backed away in a panic, stumbling several steps.
Lemira stepped forward and kicked Evelina, sending her sprawling.
Evelina collapsed to the floor and didn't get up for quite some time.
When Lucian saw Asher's bleeding hand, he immediately called for the family doctor.
Lemira glanced coldly at Asher's injury and then looked away, unmoved.
Evander quickly tried to guilt-trip her. "Lemira, look at how badly Asher was hurt for your sake. Don't you owe the Langston family something in return?"
"Save it. If you all hadn't jumped in, do you think that idiot Evelina could have even gotten close to me?"
Lemira strode over, grabbed Evelina by the hair, and demanded, "Tell me-what exactly did you and your father plan to do about moving Asher's money? And how do you two intend to help you escape?" 
If Evelina's escape with her father was in the plans, the arrangements had to have been made.
Evelina glared at her viciously. "Didn't you already catch my father? Go ask him. Why are you questioning me?"
Unless Lemira never caught her father in the first place.
Lemira gave a cold laugh. “Oh, I just want to see if your stories match up.”
Bending down, Lemira picked up the paring knife and held it near Evelina's face.
"Wh-what are you doing?"
Feeling the chill of steel on her cheek, Evelina broke out in a cold sweat.
Lemira's tone was flat. "What do you think? I'm about to do what you just tried to do."
"You wouldn't dare!"
Terrified, Evelina looked pleadingly at Evander. "Evander, please help me! I don't want my face ruined Didn't you say my face was always your favorite?" FindNovel.net
Evander looked at Evelina with a mix of longing and resentment.
After all, she was the woman he'd loved for so many years he hated what she'd
become, but he also craved having her dependent on him as her only hope.
Seeing his hesitation, Evelina started to sob. "Evander, you promised
you'd take care of me no mattel ne
what happened. Have yo
forgotten? Please, I'm begging your 
She was terrified of being disfigured.
Evander seemed to savor the desperation in her eyes, then finally said to Lemira,
"Let her go."
###Chapter 782
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "And what gives you the right to order me around?"
Evander's pride was wounded. He finally turned to Evelina. "Fine, just answer honestly."
Unwilling to back down, Evelina still looked to Evander for help.
Lucian couldn't take it anymore. He strode over and slapped Evelina across the face. "Talk! Otherwise, not even God can save you!"
"If... if you try anything against me, that's illegal!" Evelina stammered.
Lemira replied icily, "Everything your father did, and your embezzlement of company funds—tell me, which of those wasn't illegal?"
Now, Evelina was finally afraid.
She bowed her head, her mind racing as she tried to figure out what to do next.
Lemira was losing patience. "Evelina, are you going to talk or not?”
"My father told me that after I helped him transfer the money, I should find an opportunity to meet him. Then, he'd help me get a new identity so I could disappear somewhere else—so you'd never find me."
Asher reacted the most strongly to this.
His hand was still freshly bandaged, and he stared coldly at Evelina. "I never did anything to hurt you all these years. Why would you join your father to betray us?"
Evelina shrank back, her voice trembling as she cried, “Because I always felt like Lemira has everything, and I have nothing! And my dad kept threatening me. He said if I didn't help him, he'd reveal himself to all of you, and then I'd be thrown out of the Langston family!"
"You should have told us! What happened back then had nothing to do with you. I wouldn't have blamed you. But you kept it a secret and went on to betray the Langstons. Did you really think nothing would happen to you?"
Evelina fell to her knees. "Asher, I really know I was wrong. I mean it."
"If you really realize your mistake, then tell us everything you know. Where is the money?"
Right now, Asher cared most about the money.
“I honestly don't know! Didn't Lemira already catch my father? She must have gotten the money, right?"
Evelina skillfully diverted Asher's attention.
Sure enough, Asher turned to Lemira. “So, where's the money?”
"There isn't any money."
Lemira responded coolly, "The money's already been moved. That shows Evelina's father still has someone working with him."
She said this on purpose.
Now, everyone in the Langston family believed Evelina's father was in her hands.
Evelina replied anxiously, "I really don't know. My father never talked about what happened before. Every time asked, he wouldn't tell me a thing." 
"You're lying!"
"I'm really not!"
Lemira fixed her with a look. "Swear on it. If you're lying, may you be broke for the rest of your life!"
“Fine. I swear—if I lied about any of that, then I'll spend the rest of my life penniless. Is that enough?"
Evelina looked frustrated-she truly didn't know.
She had asked her father several times, but he'd never told her what happened.
Lemira felt a wave of disappointment. So the "two-faced" girl really didn't know anything?
For someone like Evelina, a vow condemning her to poverty was the most powerful curse of all.
Seeing this, Evelina began to sob, "Since my father is in your hands, why don't you just ask him?"
"Do I really need you to tell me that?"
Lemira snapped, her patience goně.
she couldn't get anything out of Evelina, then Evelina was useless. 
Just then, Lemira's phone rang. It was Orion calling.
He must have something urgent to report.
Lemira grabbed her phone and hurried upstairs.
When Lemira was gone, Evelina leaned close and whispered to Asher, Asher, my dad is a total cowards He's so scared of dying me probably handed over the money ages ago." 
"You mean Lemira took the money?"
###Chapter 783
Evelina nodded. “After all, Lemira never got along well with the family. She'd be more than happy to see the Langston family in trouble—then you'd have to beg her for help, Asher."
“Evelina, that's enough! Lemmy isn't like that,” Lucian snapped, his voice sharp with warning. “Stop trying to drive a wedge between us siblings. If it weren't for you, our relationship never would have ended up like this!"
Lucian had grown completely disgusted with Evelina. If she hadn't still served some purpose, he would have kicked her out long ago.
A hint of mockery appeared in Evelina's eyes. “Lucian, I never did anything to Lemira. Wasn't it all of you who treated her like that?"
Lucian's anger flared so intensely that his chest ached. “Evelina, you ungrateful brat! How did I ever think you were more sensible than Lemira?"
Evelina, tears running down her cheeks, replied, “It's true. I was adopted—I spent every day trying to win everyone's approval in the Langston family. Why would I ever dare mistreat Ms. Langston? Did I want to get myself killed?"
“But you set Lemmy up so many times, didn't you? Remember when you were officially adopted, and we threw a party for you? You claimed Lemmy pushed you into the water. To stand up for you, we pushed her in, too, and made her give you gifts as an apology! Have you forgotten all that?"
"I haven't forgotten," Evelina answered innocently. "But you're the ones who pushed Lemira in as 'punishment.' And you made her offer me those gifts-it wasn't my idea."
Lucian was so furious he struggled to stay on his feet.
Because Evelina was telling the truth. They'd done those things by their own choice.
His face twisted in misery. "We've been so cruel to Lemmy all these years... we were worse than animals."
Asher was deeply shaken by this revelation, and his guilt towards Lemira only grew.
He murmured, “That's right... I was the first one to hold Lemira when she was born. Back then, I promised she would always be my only sister."
But when had things started to change?
It all began the moment Evelina entered the Langston family.
The realization hit Asher hard, suddenly draining all the energy from him. He, after all, was the one who brought Evelina home.
When Asher looked at Evelina again, his stare was cold as steel. "You've lived comfortably all these years in the Langston family, but your father is the one responsible for my parents' deaths. It's time for you to decide how you want to die."
"Asher, I—I had no idea about what happened back then!" Evelina stammered.
Asher's tone was ice-cold. "And yet you still conspired with your father against the Langston family. That's proof you never felt any gratitude for what we did for you you're the tru snake we let into our home. Take her to the basement. No food." 
“Asher, please, I'm sorry! Don't do this! I don't want to die!" Evelina sobbed, clutching desperately at Asher's leg, but he kicked her aside without hesitation.
The foyer echoed with Evelina's wailing cries.
Upstairs, Lemira could hear it all from her bedroom.
She spoke quietly into her phone. “I think I should go down and check. It sounds like something serious is happening."
"I'll keep an eye on the Sinclair family from this end," Orion replied. "I'll dig into what really happened all those years ago."
"Alright. Thank you."
Lemira hung up. Orion had just told her that Mrs. Amelia revealed the location of the underground casing Hale frequented-a place where they could faunder money and funnel funds out if they staked out the casino, they might uncover Hale's whereabouts. Content bétongs 
Hale's a gambling addict—he'll show up sooner or later.
Lemira left her room and headed downstairs. When she looked into the foyer, she saw Evelina clinging tightly to Evander's leg, unwilling to let go. Several servants stood by, poised to drag Evelina away.
###Chapter 784
Evelina looked at Evander with pleading eyes. "Evander, I really know I was wrong. Can't we just try to live a good life together from now on?"
Right now, Evander was the only one who could possibly save her.
Evander relished Evelina's desperation, only then turning his gaze to Asher. “Asher, Evelina only did what she did because her father threatened her. If you're looking for someone to blame, go after the Sinclair family. What's the point of targeting Evelina?"
Lemira scoffed as she walked over. "Evelina embezzled funds a huge amount. That alone is an offense that starts at ten years in prison. And on top of that, she covered up for a murderer. With both crimes combined, she's looking at more than a decade behind bars."
Evelina's face went white with fear. "Why do you have to push me to the edge?"
Lemira raised her hand and slapped her. "Because your whole family is despicable. You and your father got my parents killed, and after all these years living off the Langston family, you thought you could get away without ever paying a price?"
“But it wasn't like I begged to join the Langston family! You were the ones who brought me here. None of this is my fault!" Evelina protested bitterly. "What does all this have to do with me? I'm innocent!"
"Let's call the police. Whether you're innocent or not, the investigation will make it clear."
"No, you can't call the police!" Evelina clung to Evander, tears streaming down her face.
Evander shot Lemira a look. “Alright, it's not even your money that she took. Who are you to say anything?"
Lemira nodded. "Fair enough. You have a point."
She sat back on the sofa and stayed quiet.
Asher gave Evander a cold look. "Call the police."
“Asher, you are not calling the police."
"If we don't, are you going to make up for the missing money?" Asher pressed Evander. “You've lost your mind. I'll never let a woman as vicious as Evelina get anywhere near the Langston family again!"
At last, he could see through Evelina's true nature. After all these years, even he had been fooled by her.
"Asher, you still owe me for my leg. You're not turning Evelina in to the police!" Evander seized on this point and kept using it to pressure Asher.
Evelina immediately wrapped her arms tightly around Evander. "Evander, you're the only one who can save me now-you're my hero!" Her sobs intensified.
Evander's ego swelled at this. He stroked Evelina's head, assuring her, "Don't worry, Eve. As long as I'm here, no one will hurt you!"
Lemira couldn't take it anymore. She grabbed a glass of water from the table and threw it right at Evander.
Soaked through, Evander exploded: "Lemira, have you lost your damn mind?"
"I think you're the one who's
completely lost it!" Lemira shot back, pointing right at Evander. "Evelina the daughter of our parents'
l.not
enemies and you're still protecting her! How can you face Momand Dad?" 
"Who I protect is none of your business!"
"Fine-you want to side with Evelina?
Then the
thiswo of you can get out of
this house! temira pointed toward the front door want you bath gone. Now!" 
"Why should I leave? This is my home!"
"Have you forgotten? This villa belongs to me now." Lemira's cold reminder brought Evander crashing crashing back to reality. He argued, "But you promised you wouldn't kick us out!" 
"That's right, I did promise. But do you really deserve to live here when you're holding on to the daughter of the people who destroyed our family?"
As she finished speaking, the new butler had someone bring in a black cabinet, topped with two black-framed photographs.
They were her parents' memorial portraits.
The moment Evelina saw them, her legs went weak and she collapsed to the floor, unable to look their way.
###Chapter 785
Lemira had the butler place her parents' memorial photographs in the most
prominent spot.
"Lemmy, what are you doing?"
She turned to face the Langston family. "Can't you see? I'm honoring Mom and Dad —telling them that, after so many years in the dark, we finally know the truth about that car accident."
Lucian looked visibly uneasy, a hint of guilt in his expression.
Asher lowered his gaze, unable to meet the eyes in the black-and-white portraits, a trace of shame crossing his face.
Evander glanced at the somber photos and immediately lost all of his former bravado.
An uneasy silence fell across the room.
Lighting three sticks of incense, Lemira gazed at the images of her young parents. Her voice grew gentler. "Mom, Dad, are you watching from above? We're finally not being toyed with anymore—and don't worry, I swear your deaths will be avenged." After she finished speaking, she turned back to the Langston family.
In a slow, deliberate tone, she said, "Let's settle Evelina's matter now-right here in front of Mom and Dad. Evander, you start."
Evander, so righteous only moments ago, grew noticeably timid.
After all, with their parents looking on even if only in spirit-he didn't dare speak carelessly.
Lemira's stare was cold and unyielding. "What's the matter? Weren't you full of ideas a minute ago?"
Evander stared at the floor, unable to answer.
Seeing his silence, Evelina hurriedly clung to Evander's hand, sobbing, "Evander, I don't want to go to jail!"
The evidence against Evelina was overwhelming, and unless the Langston family chose not to pursue it, denial was pointless.
Now, Lemira had even brought out the deceased's photographs as leverage against the family.
It was infuriating.
Evander was torn by Evelina's pleas. "Given what you've done, how am I supposed to help you? You haven't shared anything useful.”
Evelina bit her lip. “But I've already told you everything I know, I promise! There's nothing else I truly regret it. My father forced me!"
This was the one thing she wasn't lying about.
Lemira's voice grew cold. "So if you're not useful, you should reflect on your crimes in prison."
Evelina bowed her head and wept, no longer meeting Lemira's eyes.
Evander finally snapped, "Lemira, what do you really want? You're tearing this family apart!"
"Me? I'm causing chaos?"
Lemira wheeled Evander, still in his wheelchair, directly in front of their parents' memorials. He tried to look away but she firmly held hins facing the photographs. 
Her voice turned icy. "Evander, say that again—right in front of Mom and Dad!"
Although his anger burned, Evander found himself speechless.
Realizing how dire things had become, Evelina desperately turned to Asher. "Asher, it's not like I never gave any clues! Lemira must have transferred that money-she only came back and did all this to shift everyone's attention!" 
Lemira's eyes narrowed. "I took the money?"
"Yes! My father is in your custody
now-of course you'd have the money by now ten't it obvious
You've always hoped Asher's project
would fail, so Maple Group Would have less competition."
Everything Evelina said seemed to hit exactly where it stung for Asher.
Asher studied Lemira closely. "That money is vital for the company. Are you sure you didn't find it?"
Lemira almost laughed at the accusation-they really thought she had taken the money?
From the look of suspicion on Asher's face, she knew he doubted her.
After all, their relationship had never been close—and besides, Maple Group and the Langston Group were direct rivals.
With a faint, sarcastic smile, Lemira replied, “The money isn't with me. Believe it, or not-it's up to you."
"How could I take your word for it? Unless you bring Evelina's father here so I can ask him myself."
###Chapter 786
Here is the thoroughly revised translation, strictly following your instructions and aligning with both American English style and the original's nuance, culture, plot, and character relationships:
Asher had always been deeply suspicious by nature. He simply couldn't bring himself to trust anything Lemira said.
Unless he asked in person.
As soon as Evelina heard that, she hurriedly spoke up, "That's right, Asher! If you just ask my father yourself, you'll find out where the money went. Someone as selfish and afraid of death as he is would definitely spill everything to save himself." But Evelina's insistence only made Asher even more doubtful toward Lemira.
Lemira stepped forward, fixing her gaze on Evelina. "Your father is a coward, you say? But he killed two people for you. Does that sound like the act of someone too afraid for his own life?"
"What are you talking about? My father would never kill anyone for me!"
Cold sweat broke out on Evelina's back. How could that wretched Lemira possibly know any of this?
No-that couldn't be!
Lucian, standing nearby, frowned and asked, "Lemmy, what makes you say something like that?"
"Lemira is just making things up! She's lying!"
At this point Evelina was a nervous wreck. When had this woman learned that her father was still alive?
She couldn't go to prison.
Lemira looked at Lucian and continued, "Do you remember those two girls who used to follow Evelina around back in Lyria? One of them helped Evelina cheat on the college entrance exams. In the end, that girl supposedly took her own life. The truth is, she was murdered—so she wouldn't accidentally let slip that someone else had cheated."
"Lemira, why are you slandering me?
I didn't cheat at all! She was the one who begged for answers, and I only helped her out of kindness and.
ended up getting dragged into.ne
myself. She killed herself because she was asharned when it all came out, that's the real reason." 
Lemira ignored Evelina's protests and pressed on. "And do you remember that old butler who was found in bed with Evelina? Later, he was found hanged in the cellar But true suicide it
even that wasn mantike.
was murder A wily
him? He'd never kill himself over a scandal. Not unless someone
wanted to silence him to keep the truth from getting out." 
Lemira glanced at Evelina. "What the butler did wasn't even all that serious. Why would he hang himself to escape the fallout? No-it had to be that someone needed him out of the way before he could speak the truth."
Evelina's face turned ghostly pale with panic. "That's not true! Lemira, you're making all of this up!"
Ignoring her, Lemira turned to Asher. "Asher, you know in your heart whether Evelina cheated or not."
Asher fell silent for a moment.
He remembered: back then, he had definitely suspected Evelina was not innocent. But Evelina was still part of the Langston family-he couldn't let a cheating scandal break out; it would ruin the family's reputation.
That's why Asher arranged to pay off Evelina's friend, hoping the girl would take the fall for everything.
But no one could have predicted that the girl would end up dead.
Asher spoke up, "But none of this proves the girl didn't die by suicide, or that it was a murder."
"Alright then," Lemira said. "But what about the butter? You must know what really happened with him. It was obvious that Evelina and the butler tried to frame me. Their scheme backfired and dragged Evelina down instead The butter's crime surely didn't warrant death. Would you call that justice?" 
Asher, too, had always found the butler's death suspicious.
He thought the circumstances were far too strange—but he hadn't investigated it
any further, for fear of tainting the Langston family's reputation.
"Asher frowned. "These are all just your assumptions, Lemira. You can't prove any of it, can you?"
Evelina shot Asher a hopeful look. "Asher, she's just smearing me—I never did those things. I only recently reconnected with my father. He keeps pressuring me for money, forcing my hand. That's all this is about. No one was killed."
Lemira replied coldly, "Who says I don't have evidence?"
###Chapter 787
The moment Lemira spoke up, Evelina's expression changed dramatically.
A cold sweat immediately broke out over the "two-faced" girl's back.
She never expected that wretch Lemira to actually have evidence!
But if Lemira really had proof, why had she kept quiet all this time? Was she lying? Otherwise, if she had evidence, she would have shown it already.
The thought made Evelina feel a little relieved—Lemira had to be bluffing.
She looked up and said, “If you really have evidence, then show it to everyone. I can't just let you accuse me out of nowhere, can I?"
She was betting that Lemira didn't actually have anything.
“Sure,” Lemira replied coolly. "At this point, there's no reason to hide anything."
Asher couldn't help but cut in. “Lemira, if you had evidence from the beginning, why didn't you tell us?"
"Because the person who did it is connected to Evelina's father. How could I possibly tell you? You wouldn't have believed me you'd only end up warning him,
and then how would we ever catch her father?"
After Lemira's bracing statement, Asher fell silent.
It was true; he wouldn't have believed her back then.
Only now did Asher realize just how much he had distrusted his only sister.
Evander grumbled, "Lemira, why waste time talking? If you have evidence, just show everyone."
Lemira pulled out her phone and brought up a surveillance clip.
"The day the chief steward was locked in the cellar, this man showed up at the Langston Estate. He's the one who killed the old butler."
Asher glanced at the video and asked, "Who is he?"
"Of course he's one of Evelina's father's accomplices. Who else? Do you think he could have pulled all this off on his own?"
Lemira didn't want to say more-—she couldn't let it slip that Evelina's father wasn't in her hands.
She put her phone away.
Evelina hadn't gotten a clear look at the surveillance video, but guilt made her too nervous to ask.
Lemira turned to Asher. "You also had doubts in your heart about the butler's death. But to avoid making trouble for the Langston family name, you just pretended not to know and never really investigated!" 
Asher's face twisted slightly as Lemira called him out.
He snapped, "Is this how you speak to your brother? Everything I did was for the family's reputation! And do you think this scandal would benefit your own good name?"
Lucian nodded in agreement. "He's right, Lemmy. If word about this got out, people would just assume the butter had improper ties with people in our family. As a young woman, do you think you'd avoid the rumors?" 
Lemira laughed, the sound thick with scorn. "Are you actually worried about my reputation, or just your own interests? You know the answer, so stop using moral guilt as a weapon."
Lucian knew he had no real argument.
He glanced at Evelina, his gaze especially complicated. "I used to think you were vain and petty, but le never thought you'd be so
vicious-or brave enough to have someone killed." 
"Lucian, how can you just believe her? This is all Lemira's guesswork! The video only shows someone outside the Langston Estate—it doesn't prove they ever came inside."
A moment ago, Evelina had been terrified at what damning footage Lemira might have.
But it turned out to be just a street camera outside the estate.
There was no video from inside at all. Evelina had long since prepared for this and erased all the footage—so there was no physical evidence left.
As long as she flatly denied everything, there was no direct proof linking her to the butler's death.
Deep down, Evelina seethed with hatred at the old butler.
That old fool dared to touch her he deserved to die.
###Chapter 788
Hearing Evelina's words, Evander seized on them as if he'd found some leverage, mocking Lemira: "So this is your so-called evidence? What does it actually prove?"
Lemira gave a cold, sarcastic smile. "See? Weren't you all just asking why I didn't tell you what I'd found sooner? I started suspecting something from that moment on, and it took me all this time to confirm that Evelina's father is actually still alive. If I'd told you right away, would any of you have believed me? Would you have tried to dig out the truth?"
Lemira knew the Langstons inside and out. For the sake of the family's future, they always preferred to turn a blind eye and let things go.
Evander was silent for a long time, unable to find a retort.
Watching the last bit of incense burn down, Lemira said, "In front of Mom and Dad, I want an answer from you all. Evelina embezzled company funds and conspired with her father to defraud the Langston family. Are you going to call the police or not?"
Lucian was the first to speak up. "I think we should call the police."
Asher, however, didn't respond.
Evelina hastily pleaded, "Asher, I was forced-I didn't have a choice! If word gets out, it'll ruin the Langston family's reputation. Besides, my father is in Lemira's hands now—she must have taken the money. The most important thing right now is to get the money back, isn't it?"
Calculating quickly, Asher looked at Lemira and said, "If you tell me where the money is, I'll do whatever you want."
Right now, the Langstons were desperate for cash.
Lemira shot Evelina a mocking glance and said, "So you'd be willing to report her and send her to prison yourself?"
Asher answered steadily, "If Evelina did this, she has to accept the consequences."
By now, his hatred for Evelina ran deep. If it weren't for her, the Langston siblings would never have turned against each other.
Desperation overwhelmed Evelina. "Asher, if you get the money back, I'll be fine, right? Why do you still want to send me to jail?"
Asher's tone was
harsh. "If you
hadn't betrayed the Langston family,
would I be in this situation? This is
all on you! Your father killed my
parents, and I still let you live I
comfortably here for all these years
That's more kindness than you deserved." 
Right now, he almost wanted to kill Evelina with his own hands.
Evelina knew she was finished.
She could only turn to Evander and beg, "Evander, please, help me."
But when Evander looked up and saw the black-and-white photograph next to
Lemira, he fell silent, not daring to speak up for her.
Finally, utterly hopeless, Evelina's
face changed. "Of course this is happening because I'm not your real sister. If temira
d done something
like this, you would never treat her this way-all because she's related by blood." 
Furious, Asher slapped Evelina hard across the face. "I'm glad you understand, because you're
right-you're not our real sister. Even after the conflict with the family, Leptira never gave up on finding out the truth about our parents deaths. But you? You schemed with your own father, the murderer, against us." 
Evelina was berated mercilessly. "But if you all hadn't treated me so badly, I never would have done this!"
How she wished she'd been born a Langston.
But with Lemira around, she'd always be an outsider. That's why she tried to secure some money for herself. In her mind, she hadn't done anything wrong—it was the Langston family who had wronged her.
Seeing Evelina's total lack of remorse, Lucian said, "Let's just call the police. Let them take her away."
"You can't send me to the police—I'm pregnant!" Evelina cried, clutching her stomach, then turned to Evander. "Evander, I'm carrying your child."
###Chapter 789
Here is your revised and polished translation, carefully checked for accuracy,
cultural adaptation, and fluent English prose, while staying faithful to the original text and observing all your requirements:
The announcement landed like a bomb, leaving everyone momentarily stunned.
Lemira looked at the "two-faced" girl in utter disbelief. Pregnant? At a moment like this?
Evander, shocked at first, quickly brightened and hurried to Evelina's side. "Are you really pregnant?"
Lemira watched the "two-faced” girl, seeing her deliberately put on an act, holding her stomach as if she really were pregnant. She couldn't help but be suspicious of Evelina's claim.
But Evander didn't hesitate to believe her.
He helped Evelina to her feet and turned to Asher. "Asher, did you hear that? Evelina's carrying my child. There's no way we can call the police-I don't want my child to grow up with a mother who's a convicted felon."
Now Asher looked troubled as well.
He never imagined Evelina would be pregnant at a time like this.
Lucian broke in. "How do we know if she's really pregnant? It's not up to her to say. We should have a doctor check."
Of course, the simplest way was to get a pregnancy test and have Evelina take it.
The result came back-Evelina truly was pregnant.
Lemira spoke coldly, “She's pregnant. And what, exactly, does that have to do with her crimes?"
Evander quickly retorted, "How can it not matter? Eve is having my baby. If she goes to jail, are you honestly willing to let your own nephew grow up with a mother behind bars?"
"It's only been a few months," Lemira said flatly. “Just end the pregnancy."
"How can you be so heartless, Lemira? That's a child—a living, breathing life! How can you talk about ending it so casually?"
“And what would you rather do? Are you really planning to marry the daughter of our family's enemy and raise her child? Could you look our parents in the eye after that?"
Evander shrank back under the force of her words.
Finally, shamelessly, he said, "But
this is my child. What do you expect me to do didn't even know Evelina's father was the one who helped murder my parents. If Mom and Dad were still alive, I'm sure they could understand." 
How shameless.
Lemira was about to go for him, but Lucian was faster-a swift kick sent Evander stumbling. “Say one more word. I dare you. You really think I won't throw you out of the Langston family?"
Evander, having taken the blow, was still unwilling to back down. "But do you have any idea how hard it's been for me to have a child? How can you treat me this way?"
"If this child is gone, you'll have others someday after you get married," Lucian cut in coldly. "Lemira's right. We can't let the our parents' killer bring a
daughter of the world How
Langston child
would we ever face them again?" 
Lucian would never allow such a thing.
"But I might never have another chance to have a child," Evander blurted out. “There's something wrong with my body—Lucian checked for me. Unless I try IVF, I'll never be able to have a child naturally."
This news, too, landed like a bombshell-even Lemira was taken aback.
She'd never heard that Evander had a physical problem like this.
But then she remembered: in her previous life, Evelina had been set on marrying for wealth and was engaged to Dorian. Evander had never done anything out of line, so she'd never learned about his condition.
Evelina herself hadn't expected this revelation. A spark of hope flashed in her eyes this could only make Evander even more determined to keep the child.
Maybe this was her chance for a comeback.
Putting on an air of innocence,
Evelina said softly, "Evander, I truly
know I was wrong. Once the baby's born, I'll dedicate myself to being yourwife. I ever betray the Langston family again. Honestly, my dad was never involved in my upbringing-I don't have any feelings for him at all." 
Evander squeezed her hand, clearly set on keeping the baby.
He looked over at Asher. "Asher, you heard her. Eve realizes she made mistakes,
and now she's pregnant with my child. You're not really going to let her go to prison, are you?"
Asher looked completely overwhelmed.
Slumping onto the couch, unsure what to do next, he glanced at Lemira. "Then what do you suggest?”
"My answer's unchanged,” Lemira said coldly. “We call the police and she faces the consequences of her actions."
###Chapter 790
Evander immediately exploded with rage. "Lemira, how can you be so vicious? This is my only child!"
"You can always go for IVF later-won't that give you another?" Lemira shot back.
"You think I don't know that?" Evander replied, his tone bitter. “But Lucian told me my viable s*** count is incredibly low-the chances of success are slim to none. For Eve to conceive my child at all means it's fate between us."
There was no way Evander would allow Evelina to get rid of the baby.
He hadn't wanted to say any of this, but if he kept quiet, Asher and Lucian would certainly never agree to let Evelina keep the baby.
Now, Evander found himself resenting Lemira all the more. If she hadn't pressed him so ruthlessly, he never would have been forced to admit his medical condition out loud.
Evelina, on the other hand, was secretly delighted by what she heard now she was more determined than ever to use the baby as leverage to force Evander to protect her.
"Asher, I'm a cripple, I have nothing left. My only wish is to have a healthy child. If you actually send Evelina to jail, I'll die right here in front of you."
Asher was visibly irritated. "So you want me to drop this? Fine-have her give the money back."
If Evelina returned the money, he could, with reluctance, agree not to call the police.
“But Eve said the money was definitely taken by Lemira. So if you want it, ask her yourself!" Evander insisted.
Now Asher was completely stuck-there was no way forward or back. He had never imagined he'd wind up in such a bind.
All he could do was turn to Lemira. “You need to find that money for me first. Then we can talk."
"In your dreams," Lemira snorted. "That money was moved by Evelina's father ages ago, and he's never said where it is. You really think that kind of criminal, someone willing to kill, is going to blurt out where he's hidden it? The moment he does, he'll be hauled off to jail. There's no way he'll give it up so easily."
Asher looked devastated and immediately fell silent.
Lucian knew just how difficult the situation was.
Finally, he turned to Lemira and said, "I believe you. The money isn't with you. But you can see how things stand-Evelina is pregnant with Evander's baby."
"Oh? And you're all so sure that baby is Evander's?" Lemira asked coolly.
"Lemira, what are you saying? If the baby's not mine, whose could it be?" Evander demanded.
Lemira regarded him with a
half-smile. "You know as well as I do that Evelina's lied to you, seeingè multiple men at once. Don't forget what happened at the Waverlies party, with those two putting on a
show right in front of everyone. And before at she was involved with
the old butler, too. Are you really that certain the child is yours?" 
With Lemira's words, Evander-already narrow-minded, insecure, and suspicious-
began to waver. Maybe the child wasn't his after all.
Evelina immediately rushed to explain, her voice loud and desperate. "Evander, ever since I agreed to marry you, I've been completely faithfull haven't been with any other man. The baby is definitely yours!" 
In a burst of anger, Evander grabbed Evelina by the throat. "If you're lying to me, I'll kill you myself."
"Evander, how could I possibly lie to you about something like this? The baby is ours!" Evelina choked out.
Lemira, watching Evander protect Evelina, sneered coldly. "Still so stubborn, aren't you? Refusing to see the truth until it's too late."
Evelina sobbed. “Lemira, I know we have our differences, but the baby I'm carrying is still part of the Langston family. Aren't you afraid such cruelty will come back to haunt you?"
"Your father murdered my parents and lived in comfort all these years. I haven't seen your family suffer for that yet,” Lemira replied sharply.
Then she added, "If you want to
know whether the child is truly yours, it's simple-just go to the hospital and get tested. I think after three months, you carruba paternity test using amniotic fluid." 
At this, Evelina's heart leapt into her throat.
Was she about to be exposed?
do
###Chapter 791
Evelina herself wasn't sure who the father of the child was-it really could go either way.
But to protect herself, she would never admit that; right now, her only chance was to insist that the baby belonged to Evander.
Quickly, Evelina clutched her stomach. “It hasn't even been three months yet. Paternity tests don't work before then."
Any delay was precious to her.
If they went to the hospital for a checkup, there was a real risk her secret would be exposed.
Watching the girl try to dodge the issue, Lemira saw right through her-deep down, she suspected that even Evelina wasn't certain about the child's paternity.
If that was the case, then the baby was probably not a Langston heir.
After all, Evander himself had just mentioned his declining health and how he barely had any viable s*** left for IVF; it seemed impossible that Evelina could have conceived naturally.
The trouble was, Evander so desperately wanted a child that none of these details seemed to matter to him.
Lemira smirked and said, "Whether it's been three months or not-only a hospital exam will tell. If the dates don't match up, there won't be any point in a paternity test; it'll be obvious the child isn't Evander's."
At that, Evelina was completely unnerved.
If they really went to the hospital and her lie was uncovered-what on earth would she do? She honestly didn't know whose child she was carrying.
All of a sudden, Evander spoke up. "Let's go to the hospital for a checkup, then."
At this point, even Evander's trust in Evelina was fading.
After all, she had lied to him so many times before, and she had messy entanglements with other men.
Evelina started to weep, desperately trying to avoid the hospital. “Evander, even you don't believe me now? If that's the case, I'd rather be dead."
Without a pause, Lucian forcibly held Evander back and fixed Evelina with a cold stare: "If you truly want to die, then there's no need for a hospital just call the police and have them take you straight into custody." 
Evelina instantly fell silent, like a chicken with its neck caught—she didn't dare utter another protest.
Turning to Evander, Lucian said, "I'll go with you both to the hospital to supervise the checkup."
There was no way he'd let Evander go alone he had no intention of letting Evelina trick him again.
Evelina saw she had no way out now and was too afraid to argue further.
Before they left, Lucian looked at Lemira. "I'll take care of things at the hospital.
Don't worry I'll make sure you get the answers you deserve."
Lemira just looked at him with a mocking smile, not saying a word.
Was this really all so complicated?
Evelina was the daughter of their father's murderer. So what if she was pregnant? It was unbelievable to Lemira that the Langston family would ever consider keeping this child.
Once Lucian and the rest had left, only she and Asher remained in the foyer-he was sunk into the sofa, silent and dejected.
Lemira couldn't help but mock him: "You all used to say, over and over, how much you hated the person who tore our family apart. But now that you know Evelina's father was responsible for our parents deaths you still can't bring yourself to be stern with her, can you?"
“Fine—just give me the money. After that, you can call the police or do whatever you want, it's not my concern."
“But that's not what you just said. Besides, I never had the money in the first place.”
"Then bring out Evelina's father. I'll find a way to get the money out of him. With
Evelina as leverage, I don't believe her father would dare keep silent.”
Lemira shot him a scornful look. "So that's what you were aiming for this whole time? Well, here's the truth the many caught that day wasn't Evelina's father-it was one of his associates." 
Asher's face changed instantly. "What? You didn't catch her father? Why did you lie
to me?"
"If I hadn't lied, how else could I have gotten Evelina to give herself away?"
###Chapter 792
Asher knew he was in the wrong. Unable to stay silent, he finally spoke up. “Lemira, I admit—it was my mistake that led to all of this."
Lemira snorted. "Well, that's a rare sight-Asher actually admitting he's wrong."
Seeing the mocking look in Lemira's eyes, Asher forced himself to remain patient. "Just tell me honestly-what happened to the money?"
"It's been transferred by Evelina's father. He's disappeared, and so has your money. As for what to do next, that's your problem to solve," Lemira replied, then went straight upstairs, wanting nothing more to do with Asher.
Left alone on the sofa, Asher glanced up at the two black-and-white portraits on the wall. His chest tightened, as if hot oil were churning inside him.
Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined things would turn out this way.
Back in her room, Lemira replayed everything that had just happened. Without hesitation, she texted Orion: Evelina is pregnant.
The more Lemira thought about it, the more absurd it seemed like something straight out of a soap opera. Of all times, she had to get pregnant now.
Orion's call came almost immediately. "What's going on with the Langstons? Is the baby really a Langston?"
Lemira let out a short laugh. Orion's reaction was just as she'd expected.
“Evelina swears up and down the child is Evander's, but something just doesn't add up. They're already at the hospital getting it checked."
"So that means they refuse to go to the police because of the baby?" Orion asked.
"You guessed right," Lemira replied. She then explained Evander's health issues. "If the baby truly is Evander's, he'll stop at nothing to protect Evelina."
Honestly, even Lemira couldn't believe just how melodramatic the situation had gotten.
Orion paused to think. “Which hospital are they at? I'll send someone to check it out —just in case our 'two-faced friend' tries anything."
"Sounds good." Lemira stretched out on the bed. "Did Mrs. Amelia have anything else to say?"
There was a moment of quiet on the other end. "Not much else,” Orion finally replied. "But the whole affair back then is clear now-they just wanted to stop your parents from bidding. So much time has passed, the evidence is all but gone. The only chance is to catch Evelina's father." 
“Debby told me the car dealership is already checking things out. They're just waiting for Evelina's father to get desperate enough to slip up."
Lemira was calmer now she knew these things couldn't be rushed. After all, patience pays off.
"If Asher is determined to protect Evelina, what will you do?" Orion asked.
"If that's how he wants to play it, let him," Lemira said coolly. "I know him-he only cares about getting that money back. Keeping Evelina close is just a way to threaten her, father." 
FindNovel.net
In the end, it was all about self-interest for Asher.
Lemira's voice turned icy. "Honestly, I'd be happy for Asher to keep Evelina by his side. Let them torment each other. I'm curious to see how it all ends."
At the very least, after this, Asher would never see Evelina the same way again. Now, he was only keeping her around because she was useful.
Really, calling the cops and sending her to jail would let them both off too easy.
"No matter what you decide, I'll support you," Orion murmured, his voice low and rich through the phone.
Lemira pressed her phone to her
chest and turned to look out the window at the night sky. The city shimmered like a deep blue gemstone, her heart rippling just as the night did-bright, restless and impossible to settle.
.net
On a whim, she said, "But when I said we should break up, you didn't support me
then."
Orion's breath caught on the other end. What did she mean by that?
###Chapter 793
Lemira realized immediately that she'd said the wrong thing and hurried to change the subject. “Um, it's getting late—I should go."
In her panic, she hung up the phone in a rush. The moment she recalled what she'd said, she couldn't help but cover her face with her hands in embarrassment.
Was she out of her mind just now?
How could she possibly have answered like that?
Rolling over on her bed, she heard her phone buzz. She buried her head deeper into her pillow, utterly mortified.
Her phone buzzed again-clearly another message had come through.
After waiting a few moments, Lemira finally picked up her phone and saw it was a message from Orion.
"?"
The next message: "I can support you in anything, but not what you just said."
Two messages in all.
Seeing the last one, Lemira locked her screen without replying. Mainly because she honestly didn't know what to say. She had just meant it as a joke.
Now, though, all her bravado had evaporated.
On the other end, Orion kept staring at his phone until the screen finally dimmed, still with no reply from her.
He pressed his tongue against his cheek-what a sly little fox.
Flirt and run? Who taught her that move?
The next morning, Lemira got up, changed, and went straight down to the main hall.
There, she saw Evelina in new clothes, lounging luxuriously on the sofa as she said to the butler, “I feel a bit nauseous. I don't want any of this. From now on, don't put these dishes on the table again."
The newly-hired butler hesitated before saying, "These are all Ms. Lemira's favorites. If you'd prefer something else, I can prepare that for you."
It was clear what he meant: Ms. Lemira's favorites weren't going anywhere.
Evelina's face fell at once. She turned to Evander and complained, "Evander, I'm pregnant and can hardly eat anything—am I supposed to be treated like this, even by a butler?"
Evander snapped, "You're the butler-do as you're told! I don't want to see these dishes again in this house. Got it?"
After all, Evelina was carrying his child.
At this, Lemira came down the stairs and spoke coldly, “I've honestly never seen people as shameless as the two of you. This is my house-I'll eat whatever I like. If you don't like it, feel free to leave."
When Evelina saw Lemira, a smug smile appeared on her face.
The night before, Evelina had been exceptionally nervous. She wasn't sure if the baby was Evander's, or even exactly when she d conceived her periods were notoriously irregular, sometimes disappearing for months at a time.
Cóntent belongs to swnóvel
But after last night's checkup, the baby was estimated to be about two months along.
A paternity test wasn't possible yet, but at least the dates lined up.
Having narrowly come out "alive" from this, Evelina certainly wasn't about to let things go.
Evander glared at Lemira and demanded, “Evelina is pregnant and you still dare to talk to her like that?"
Lemira rolled her eyes at him. "I don't even care about you-why would I give a damn about the bastard in her belly?"
"Lemira, watch your mouth! Bastard? That's my son!"
"You haven't even done a paternity test yet. How can you be so sure?" Lemira scoffed.
Evander hesitated before replying, "But we checked when she conceived. It's been about two months-it matches up perfectly."
"Did you forget about the Waverlies' party during that exact same time? When Evelina and Mr. Langston from the Draven family put on their little scene for everyone I think that was right around then, wasn't it?" 
At those words, Evander looked like someone had dumped a bucket of ice water over his head.
Right, how had he forgotten that detail?
Seeing his reaction, Evelina hurried to explain, "Lemira, stop with these rumors. That incident with Dorian was just for show-nothing actually happened between us. And even if it had, Dorian's always careful, he would never sup up like that. There's no way I could be pregnant from him." 
wouldvever slipap
The thought made Evelina grit her teeth.
If it weren't for Grace Draven's constant wariness, Evelina would've tried to get
pregnant by Dorian long ago. That child would have secured her position.
But that night at the Waverlies' party everything happened suddenly-Dorian hadn't
brought protection, and that time they hadn't been careful at all.
So, even Evelina had her doubts-the baby could very well be Dorian's.
But she would never admit that now. After all, this child might end up being her only lifeline.
###Chapter 794
Evander's attitude was no longer as resolute or as cheerful as before.
Seeing that she had managed to stir up trouble, Lemira finally smiled and said to the newly arrived butler, “Bring out all the dishes I like. As for those who don't like it, let them leave."
It was obvious she was referring to Evelina.
Evelina glared angrily at Lemira's back, then turned to Evander with a pitiful look. “Evander, Lemira is deliberately trying to drive a wedge between us. She's hoping we'll turn on each other, hoping that you'll never have an heir."
Evander let out a cold snort. “She wouldn't dare! As long as I'm here, nothing will happen to my child."
He glanced at Evelina's stomach and said, "You'd better make sure the child you're carrying is really mine. Otherwise, I promise you'll regret ever being born."
Evelina shivered despite herself and said softly, "Evander, can't you trust me, after everything we've been through?”
Evander grabbed her chin, his expression full of mockery. "I used to trust you. I put you on a pedestal. And you? You acted like a w*** behind my back, sleeping with any man you pleased. If you weren't carrying my son, do you think I would have saved you?"
Evander was never a magnanimous man.
After his leg injury over the years, he had become suspicious, sensitive, and insecure.
That time when Evelina had publicly called him a "cripple," it had truly wounded him. Whatever little affection he still held for her had all but disappeared.
Evelina forced herself to swallow her anger. If it weren't for that b*** Lemira ruining her plan this time, she would have already taken the money and disappeared. Instead, she was now imprisoned by the Langston family, completely powerless. Inside, Evelina couldn't help but uneasily wonder: had Lemira really caught her father? Would her father's accomplices be able to rescue him?
Right now, Evelina hated everyone in the Langston family. Once she escaped, she swore she'd make them all pay.
Meanwhile, the entire Langston family had gathered in the dining room.
The table was covered with all of Lemira's favorite foods.
Asher and Lucian both looked uneasy. Last night, Lucian had learned from Asher that Lemira hadn't actually caught Evelina's father—just one of his accomplices.
Now Lucian's anxiety returned.
After discussing with Asher, they decided to keep Evelina under lock and key in the Langston house as leverage. As long as Evelina's father was still at large, Evelina was a valuable bargaining chip.
But they knew Lemira probably wouldn't approve, and neither of them knew how to broach the subject.
Lemira didn't concern herself with whatever they were thinking. After eating her fill, she set down her silverware and was ready to leave.
Lucian finally couldn't keep silent anymore. "Lemmy, there's something I'd like to discuss."
With a hint of sarcasm, Lemira replied, “And what would that be?"
She had already guessed what they wanted-it was clearly about Evelina's fate.
"We believe it's likely the child that Evelina is carrying is Evander's," Lucian explained, "and given his situation, we've decided to let Evelin@remain in the Langston house for now. Of course, when it comes to her father, we won't go soft on him just because of her." 
Lemira was not at all surprised by Lucian's words.
She had expected this as early as last night.
A faint, mocking smile appeared on her lips.
Lucian found it hard to meet her eyes, but forced himself to continue, "Lemmy, things aren't always so
simple. Once the investigation
into
Evelina's father is complete we'll let
the law handle it." 
“Enough with the nice-sounding speeches. If you want Evelina to stay, that's fine—
on one condition," Lemira said.
Lucian was visibly relieved. "Lemmy, what's your condition?"
Qu
"Since the child-she's carrying is part of the Langston family, if she wants to stay here; then because of what she's done, she must wear mourning attire and kneel in front of my parents' portraits every day. atore for her actions. Otherwise, how could Mom and Dad ever accept her in this house?" 
###Chapter 795
Hearing these words, Evelina was so furious that her nails nearly broke from clenching her fists so hard.
She had expected that wretched Lemira would make things difficult for her. But to force her to kneel, bow, and wear mourning clothes-this was truly sickening.
After Lemira made her suggestion, Lucian and Asher exchanged a glance. Neither voiced any ion.
They both turned to Evander. "What do you think?"
Evander was at a loss for words, but he couldn't find a reason to disagree. After all, Evelina's father was responsible for the deaths of his own parents. It seemed only fitting.
But Evelina clutched her belly and feigned weakness, saying, “Evander, I'm really not feeling well. The doctor told me I should stay in bed and take care of the baby. If I have to kneel and bow every day, it could hurt the child."
Lucian looked at Evander. "Since you've decided to be with Evelina and keep the baby, she's now part of the Langston family, and she needs to follow the Langston rules. I think wearing mourning garb and performing the ritual is necessary, considering her father killed our parents, isn't that right?"
Evander nodded. "You're right, Lucian. Evelina will do as you say."
He hadn't bothered to ask Evelina's opinion-he simply agreed then and there.
A surge of hatred filled Evelina's heart. She was unwilling-completely unwilling-
but no one had ever asked what she wanted. No one cared.
But at this point, Evelina had no choice but to comply.
"Lemmy, since Evelina has agreed, let's call it settled," someone said.
"Since she's agreed, we'll start today. The very first thing she does every morning will be to put on the mourning clothes, burn three sticks of incense for my parents, and then kneel, striking her forehead to the ground three times.”
The new butler soon brought over the mourning attire, clearly prepared well in advance.
Lemira looked at Evelina with a half-smile, half-sneer. "Go on, put it on. After all, as the future lady of the Langston family, you should respect our traditions."
Evelina stood still for a long moment, looking utterly aggrieved.
Lemira's tone turned icy. "Your father took both my parents from me. This is the least you can do. You owe the Langston family two lives!"
Evander started to speak up in Evelina's defense, but the words stuck in his throat and he fell silent.
Reluctantly, Evelina put on the
mourning clothes and walked outside She knelt before the
black-and-white portraits and struck her forehead against the floor three times in humiliation. 
Only then did Lemira seem somewhat satisfied.
After all, for a girl like her-so good at playing both sides—this kind of punishment was truly excruciating.
At this moment, Asher walked over. "Since we're honoring our promises to you, you should, in return, take me to see the person you've captured. Let's work together against the Sinclair family." 
"Didn't you just say the Sinclairs are powerful and influential, and that the Langstons are no match for them?" someone questioned.
"That's what I thought before. But today I got new information-Mrs. Amelia has
gone missing. Was this your doing?"
Lemira's expression remained unreadable.
She knew she couldn't conceal Mrs. Amelia's disappearance forever.
She replied coldly, "Don't make wild accusations. If you have something to say, back it up with evidence."
"It's awfully suspicious for Mrs. Amelia to vanish at just this moment-how can I not suspect you?"
Evander, standing nearby, gave a mocking laugh. "Asher, you're giving Lemira way too much credit. How could she possibly have the guts—or the means—to kidnap Mrs. Amelia?"
"She might not, but the Everhart family certainly could. Don't forget about her connection to the Everhart heir."
At that, Evander's face darkened before he scoffed, "Wasn't it said that the Everhart heir dumped her? Their family never approved of the two of them.”
Still, Asher wasn't convinced. Mrs. Amelia's disappearance-right now, of all times was far too convenient. He looked directly at Lemira. "We're family now we need to stand together you learn anything from Mrs. Amelia, you'd better share it with us." 
If
###Chapter 796
"What happened to Mrs. Amelia has nothing to do with me, so please don't make reckless accusations here."
Lemira didn't want to say any more and turned to leave the Langston Estate.
Once she was gone, Asher looked back at Evander. “You need to stay with Evelina at all times. She is not to leave the Langston family residence for even a moment. If she does, I'll have you thrown out together with her."
Evander felt his pride stung. “Asher, what are you saying? With everything going on, how could I possibly let Evelina wander around? Don't worry. I may not be much help in investigating our parents' deaths, but I won't drag everyone down either."
"You'd better not."
Asher, still seething, prepared to leave as well. Lucian followed him out, lowering his voice. "Should we put someone on Lemira's tail? I have a strong feeling Mrs. Amelia's disappearance is connected to them."
But now that Lemira had grown distant from them, she wouldn't share anything about her investigation.
"Of course we should have someone follow her. We're completely in the dark right now-and we still don't know where Evelina's father is hiding."
“I asked Evelina before. She said her father had been hiding at a car dealership. We can start looking from there."
"We'll get there, but right now the most important thing is recovering that money."
Lucian looked astonished. "Asher, is anything really more important than finding out the truth about our parents' deaths?"
Asher's tone was edged with frustration, "If we can't recover the money soon, we'll have a major cash flow problem. The Langston Group could face bankruptcy!"
He couldn't just stand by and watch the company he'd built fall apart.
Asher's voice softened. "It isn't that I don't want to get to the bottom of our parents' deaths. With Lemira and the Everhart family involved, she'll be able to track down Evelina's father-our involvement wouldn't change much."
"But still, even if it doesn't help much, we can't do nothing, can we?"
Lucian couldn't accept just sitting on the sidelines.
"Here's what we'll do, Lucian: you keep a close eye on Lemira, and I'll focus on finding out where the money went—hopefully, that'll also help us track down Evelina's father. Sound good?"
"Alright. If you hear anything, let me know right away."
Lucian knew that if the Langston Group went under, they'd have no way to stand up to the Sinclair family in the future.
Inside the mansion.
Evelina looked at Evander with a pitiful expression. "Evander, I'm not feeling well. Can I go rest in my room for a bit?”
"Alright, but I'm warning you: don't try anything. The house staff all have their eyes on you."
"Of course I won't."
Evelina headed straight to her
bedroom. Once inside, she closed
the door and took out her closet
phone to
call her father-but his phone was
off. 
Damn it. Could Lemira really have caught Dad?
She couldn't just sit here and wait for disaster.
Suddenly, Evelina remembered what Asher had said—Mrs. Amelia was missing?
After thinking a moment, she dialed Susanna Susanna answered, he voice impatient: "Why are you calling me? Don't tell me you finally got
kicked out of the Langston famil and need to borrow money" 
Susanna already knew what had happened at Evelina's wedding. She hadn't heard from Evelina these last
few gays, and Evelina b?dn't been to class, so she figured Evelina Mad been thrown out by the Langstons. 
After all, it's not like just anyone gets into Business School.
Evelina's face turned cold. "Has your mother gone missing?"
"You're really here to kick me when I'm down? Listen, my mother will be found soon!"
"I know who kidnapped your mother."
Evelina's eyes were icy cold. This time, she was going to make sure Lemira was completely destroyed.
###Chapter 797
Here is the revised translation, carefully edited according to your requirements:
As Lemira sat in the car, she suddenly sneezed.
She rubbed her nose-was someone badmouthing her behind her back?
Just then, her phone buzzed with a message: [Hehe, aren't you afraid of karma? Doing something so vicious-aren't you worried about lightning striking you down?]
Another spam message.
Lemira glanced at it and immediately looked up the number. Sure enough, it was a virtual number.
Tsk, tsk. Did they really think something like this could scare her?
It was almost laughable-after everything she'd endured in her previous life, from being ostracized, manipulated, to bullied at school, this kind of threat seemed trivial in comparison.
Lemira just glanced at the message, deleted it without a second thought, and moved
on.
She headed to class, where Oanice had already saved her a seat and placed her textbook on the desk for her.
It was still early.
Oanice looked at her and asked, "How did it go at home last night? What are your brothers planning to do about Evelina?"
"Evelina is pregnant," Lemira replied calmly.
Oanice nearly choked on her soy milk. "Wait, what? Is it Evander's?"
"Why does everyone react that way?"
Orion had asked the same thing when he heard the news last night.
“Well, it's not surprising. A girl like her—so two-faced and flirty—who wouldn't be suspicious? And Evander is so clueless, it's no wonder he'd get cheated on."
Lemira smiled. "They can't do a paternity test yet; we have to wait until next month. Honestly, I can't wait to see the results."
Only then could she truly add insult to injury-pouring oil on the fire.
While they were talking, the classroom door was suddenly shoved open.
Susanna stormed in, her expression thunderous. "Lemira, come with me. Now."
Lemira sat motionless in her chair, looking straight at her. "Why should I?"
"I told you to come out here. Didn't you hear me?”
Susanna kicked the desk aggressively. Her voice dropped, full of menace: “If you don't, there will be consequences."
"Whatever you say."
Lemira rested her hand casually on the desk, her tone indifferent, showing zero intention of getting up.
Susanna was practically trembling with rage. "Lemira, are you refusing to come out?"
"That's right. How many times do I have to repeat myself?"
Lemira glanced at the electronic ankle monitor on Susanna's leg. "Take my advice-watch your mouth and your actions, unless you want to end up back in jail." fo FindNovel.net
"I think you're the one who ought to be in jail!"
Susanna's eyes were red with anger, and she lowered her voice: "Did you have something to do with my mother's disappearance?"
Lemira arched an eyebrow. "That's a serious accusation. You better have proof.”
How on earth did Susanna start suspecting her?
“Lemira, I'm warning you don't do anything you'll regret. Otherwise, the Sinclair family won't just sit back and watch!"
Susanna looked like she was about to lose control.
At that moment, her phone rang—it was Sophia calling.
Susanna glared at Lemira before picking up. “I've found Lemira, she's in the classroom."
"Don't do anything rash. I'm on my way; just keep an eye on her," Sophia said from the other end.
"Got it."
Although Susanna wanted nothing more than to tear Lemira apart, she obeyed Sophia and sat in the back classroom her eyes glued to Lemira. 
of the
Lemira could feel Susanna's hostile stare-it was unsettling.
Oanice sent a message in their group chat: "Lemira, what's going
on? Susanna looks ready to bite your
ready
head off. She's definitely going to
give you trouble later."
Lemira took out her phone and replied: “It's complicated—hard to explain in a message. You don't need to worry."
The Sinclair family didn't have any evidence, so they couldn't really do anything to
her.
But still, Lemira was very curious-how did Susanna end up suspecting her?
###Chapter 798
Could it be that the Sinclair family already knows?
Lemira pondered for a moment, then quickly messaged Orion: "Are you there? I need to tell you something. Susanna came to see me—she thinks I'm connected to Mrs. Amelia's disappearance."
Orion called her almost instantly, but Lemira declined the call.
She texted back: "I'm in the classroom. Susanna is right behind me watching-it's not safe to talk."
"I haven't leaked anything to the Sinclair family, but there's a good chance they've now connected the incident from back then to your family, which is likely why they're suspecting you."
"But even if they suspect the Langston family, shouldn't Asher be the one they confront? Besides, the Langston family were the victims here-why would Susanna come after me directly?"
After sending that, a realization hit Lemira.
Unless someone told Susanna about it.
Most likely Evelina-as the "two-faced" girl had also overheard Asher talking about Mrs. Amelia's disappearance.
Evelina must have tipped off Susanna purposely to stir up trouble for her.
After reading Lemira's message, Orion paused before replying: "That's entirely possible."
"Susanna probably already told Sophia. They'll likely confront me after class."
"I'll come over now."
Seeing this, Lemira quickly replied: "No, don't. I can handle it myself. You coming over would just look even more suspicious, don't you think?"
Besides, she wanted to use this chance to see just how much Sophia knew.
Maybe Mrs. Amelia was still hiding something, but Sophia would know.
Finally, Orion conceded to Lemira's insistence: "Let me know if you need anything." "Will do."
Lemira began thinking about how to probe for information when Sophia showed up. Class went by quickly.
Looking over at Oanice, Lemira said, "Head straight home when class is over. Don't say anything to provoke Susanna!"
"I know; I'll just keep my distance and watch."
Lemira didn't want Oanice getting targeted by Susanna for trying to defend her.
After class, students slowly filtered out of the room.
Susanna got up and went to the
door, blocking it as she stared at et
Lemira. "My sister will be here soon, so don't even think about slipping away! 
Lemira, still seated, gave Susanna a half-smile. "And why should I wait for her? It's not like you can stop me."
As Lemira stood, she saw Sophia enter from the hallway—looking as grim as ever.
Susanna grumbled, "Sophia, you're finally here."
"Shoo, Susanna. Stand guard at the door-don't let anyone else in," Sophia instructed, sending Susanna outside and shutting the door behind her.
Lemira looked Sophia in the eye, deliberately showing a touch of confusion. "Seriously, is something wrong with your family? You come out of nowhere to accuse me of kidnapping your mother! 
Lemira didn't bother with small talk or niceties.
Sophia's eyes were complicated as she looked at Lemira. In truth, she hadn't really considered Lemira a suspect.
After all, Sophia believed that the Langston family would never have the nerve to go up against the Sinclairs.
But what if Lemira knew that the Sinclairs were connected to the car accident back then?
Then, things would be different.
Sophia had even called her father on her way here, trying to find out whether the Langston family knew about the crash.
But her father wasn't sure either.
Sophia pressed her lips together.
"Lemira, you've always seemed hostile toward the Sinclairs. You and Susanna didn't get along from day this year. Can I ask why?" 
Did Lemira know something?
###Chapter 799
Here is the revised and polished version of your translation, carefully checked for accuracy, cultural adaptation, tone, and American English fluency according to your instructions.
Looking at Sophia, Lemira could tell she was clearly probing to see if Lemira knew about the car accident.
It seemed the Sinclair family had started to sense something was off.
Still, Lemira had no plans to reveal her hand—not until Mrs. Amelia had returned.
She snorted coldly, purposefully. "What do you mean, I've had issues with your sister ever since the semester started? Deep down, you must know exactly what kind of person your sister is."
"Ms. Langston, that's not what I meant "
"Oh? Then what did you mean? Your sister suspects I kidnapped your mother, and now you come here to ask if I have a problem with the Sinclairs?"
Lemira let out a mocking laugh. "Don't be ridiculous. I've always had issues with your family, haven't I? Anyone could see that coming from a mile away."
"Ms. Langston, my sister sometimes speaks without thinking, I apologize for that."
“I'm glad you know. But still, you showed up here in such a hurry—that just means you still haven't found your mother yet, right? Maybe your family's long history of bad deeds is finally catching up to you. Guess that's what karma looks like."
As soon as Lemira finished, she saw Sophia's face contort ever so slightly.
Sophia quickly composed herself, keeping on her mask of the composed socialite. "Ms. Langston, we're just desperate right now. I'm sure you can understand how worried children feel at a time like this."
"Oh, believe me, I understand all too well. These days, there's nothing I hate more than the people who killed my parents. If I could, I'd tear them apart myself and make sure they never rest in peace!"
Lemira's voice was icy cold.
Sophia's smile grew stiff. She ventured, "Ms. Langston, I heard your parents died in a car accident years ago?"
"That's right, but it wasn't an accident."
Lemira stepped forward, staring directly at Sophia, catching the flicker of avoidance in her expression.
So, Sophia knew something-otherwise, she wouldn't look like that.
Sophia tested the waters, "Not an accident? You mean someone did it on purpose?" So, Lemira knows after all?
But how much does she really know?
Sophia herself had only recently discovered that her mother had orchestrated Orion's car crash back then-deliberately, to keep the truth from coming out, and to drag the Everhart family into the mess as cover.
With the Everhart family involved, there was no way the Sinclairs could possibly get in trouble.
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smile.
"Exactly. The driver who killed mes
parents an a red light.
premeditated, then what is
"I see..." Sophia breathed a subtle sigh of relief. So, Lemira still didn't know the full truth.
That made sense. Orion surely knew, but he'd never told Lemira.
So maybe Lemira really didn't have anything to do with her mother's disappearance?
Suddenly, Lemira took another step closer, her tone low and haunting. "What else could it be? Do you have any other explanations, Ms. Sinclair?"
Sophia instinctively backed away a few steps and said awkwardly, "No, I don't." "You're sure about that?"
Sophia looked nervous. "I'm just guessing. It's not as if I could possibly know the details."
Lemira narrowed her eyes. "Right."
"Ms. Langston, since this isn't related to you, I'll talk to Susanna and tell her to be more civil with you from now on."
"Don't bother. I have no intention of being 'civil' with her."
Lemira cut her off without hesitation.
Sophia grew somewhat
frustrated-since Lemira didn't know
about the accident, perhaps she really had nothing to do with her
mothers disappearance
She pressed on, "Ms. Langston, Orie's been helping me look for my mother lately,
so he hasn't had much time for you. I hope you understand."
"I don't mind at all. In fact, it was my idea that he help you look for her."
After Lemira spoke, she noticed Sophia's expression freeze.
She continued calmly, "I've lost my parents too. I know exactly how painful it is.”
Sophia took a deep breath and forced a smile. “Thank you. And I hope, Ms. Langston, that you'll eventually find peace after your loss."
"I wish the same for you. I hope that, when the time comes, you'll be able to find peace after your own loss."
Sophia's face immediately darkened—after all, her mother wasn't dead yet.
ét
Lemira quickly covered her mouth as if in embarrassment. "Oh, see, never know the right thing to say. Please don't take it personally, MS Sinclair. 
FindNovel.net
"Of course not."
On the surface, Sophia managed a polite smile. But inside, she seethed: That
wretch.
###Chapter 800
Lemira glanced at her. "Since it was all a misunderstanding, let's just leave it at that."
She walked over and opened the classroom door, only to find Susanna standing outside with a frosty expression. "Why did you come out?" Susanna demanded.
"Why shouldn't I be allowed out?"
Lemira paid Susanna no mind, but Susanna blocked her path, refusing to move.
Sophia came out, frowning. "Susanna, step aside."
"Sophia, did you get any news about Mom's whereabouts?"
"This has nothing to do with Ms. Langston," Sophia replied curtly, her mood just as
sour.
Things were still unclear. If Lemira started getting suspicious, it would spell trouble for the Sinclair family.
If Lemira ever found out that Orion was involved in the car accident years ago, then Sinclair's conscious cover-up back then would also be exposed—and Orion's suspicions would only deepen.
No matter how much Sophia disliked Lemira, she couldn't risk telling her the truth now.
"You heard her. It doesn't involve me!"
Lemira glanced at Susanna and, with one finger, pushed her aside.
Susanna was not willing to give up. "But Evelina told me herself! There's no way you're not involved."
"Evelina?"
A cold smirk tugged at Lemira's lips. "Of course it was her. After I embarrassed her by showing that video at her wedding, she'd love nothing more than to drag my name through the mud."
Sophia came over and pulled Susanna aside. "That's enough. I've already gotten to the bottom of things."
Lemira shot the Sinclair sisters a last look before turning and leaving.
Susanna stamped her foot in frustration. "Sophia, did you really get it all figured out?"
She still felt Lemira was somehow connected.
Who else would have such a serious grudge against the Sinclair family, if not Lemira?
Sophia considered for a moment before saying, "Get in touch with Evelina. I want to talk to her."
She'd heard that Evelina was the driver's daughter, who had been taken in by the Langston family for years.
Was it possible that Evelina knew about what happened back then?
If that was the case, they'd better make arrangements quickly.
"Sophia, Evelina is under house
arrest. She can't leave the housen et
That little witch only told me allthat because she wants me to get her out." 
Sophia grew suspicious at Susanna's words. "Why would the Langston family want
to keep Evelina under constant watch?"
"How would I know? Maybe it's
because of the wedding-after that
fiasco, they don't want Evelina out in public, embarrassing them again." 
Sophia had witnessed the events at the wedding herself and knew exactly what happened with that video.
Any family would feel deeply humiliated if that happened, so keeping Evelina at home for a while kind of made sense.
"Even if she's grounded, she can still talk on the phone, right? Give me her number." Sophia felt she needed to dig a little deeper.
If Evelina really was being silenced because of what happened years ago, she had to find a way to get her out.
"Sophia, what's going to happen to Mom? Do you think the kidnappers will actually hurt her?"
"They won't. All they want is money."
Sophia didn't want anything to happen to her mother, either. But at this point, they had run out of options.
All they could do was pay the ransom.
The Sinclair family was short on cash now, and they'd had to borrow money from Mrs. Amanda to pull together enough for the ransom.
Sophia felt surrounded by crisis-one wrong move and the consequences could be disastrous.
After coming downstairs, Lemira was met by Oanice rushing over. "Are you okay? They didn't hassle you, did they?"
"Even together, those two couldn't handle me."
Lemira squeezed Oanice's hand. "Don't worry, I'm fine."
From the questioning just now, it was clear Sophia knew about the old car accident, and what her mother had done.
But by the look of it, Sophia—just like her mother—apparently didn't see anything wrong with what had been done.
A cold light flashed in Lemira's eyes.
Fine then-let Sophia experience for herself what it's like to lose her
mother and taste that agony.
At that moment, Orion called Lemira. “There's news from the dealership. Can you
come by?"
Lemira felt a rush of excitement of course she could.
She was determined that neither Evelina's father nor the Sinclair family would
escape justice.
###Chapter 801
Lemira headed straight to meet up with Orion. At such a crucial moment, she knew she had to be there in person.
But as she sat in the back of the taxi, she suddenly realized she was being followed.
Watching the rearview mirror for a while, Lemira became certain-a car was tailing her, acting suspiciously.
Was it someone sent by Asher, or people from the Sinclair family? Right now, she couldn't be sure.
After a moment's thought, she sent Orion a message: [I think someone's following me.]
The very next second, Orion called her. “Don't say anything. Just do exactly what I tell you. Someone will come to meet you."
"Okay."
Glancing outside, Lemira leaned forward and told the driver, "Downtown mall, please."
Since someone was following her, she couldn't go to their original meeting place- it'd be risky.
Once she arrived at the mall, Lemira went straight up the escalator.
There was a big event at the mall today, and it was crowded.
After blending into the flow of people, she noticed her tail had followed her inside, too.
Pretending not to notice, Lemira followed Orion's instructions: she headed into a store, tried on clothes, and then slipped out through the back door of the fitting
room.
She changed jackets, put on a wig and a hat, and headed right for the underground parking garage.
A car was already waiting for her. Lemira got in and left at once.
She finally let out a breath of relief as Orion called again. "I'm still not sure who sent them," she reported.
If Sophia hadn't shown up to see her today, Lemira would have assumed it was someone from the Langston family. But now, she wasn't so sure.
Most likely, Sophia still hadn't given up. As long as Mrs. Amelia remained missing, the Sinclair family would always suspect the Langston family.
Orion's low voice sounded on the line, "I'll have someone look into it. Just get over here for now."
"Alright."
After hanging up, Lemira watched the scenery slip by outside the window.
It wasn't long before the car stopped.
As she stepped outside, Lemira saw Debby already waiting for her. Debby took a careful look around, then walked over. "We weren't followed, right?"
"No. Our people were watching behind us the whole way. Don't worry."
"Good."
Lemira finally relaxed, then followed Debby inside, where Orion waited for them in the lobby.
He rose the moment he saw Lemira. "Are you alright?"
"I'm fine. I'm just not sure whose people they were."
"It doesn't matter who. You lost them either way."
Orion glanced down at her. "I went through all the staff from the dealership and made a list of everyone who fits hale's profile-there are six possibilities." 
Lemira looked at the photos. “But you don't know which one it is, right?”
"It'll take some time," Orion answered. "The most direct way is a paternity test."
Debby chimed in, "There might be a better way. Let Evelina identify him. She must have seen her dad."
Lemira nodded. “That's right. Evelina would definitely know which one is her father.” Getting a DNA sample for a test would be tricky.
But having the "two-faced" girl identify him would be much simpler.
The problem was—how to make sure the "two-faced” girl told the truth.
Lemira turned to Orion. "Galloway hasn't pointed out which one is Hale?"
"No. He's been stonewalling.
Besides, the guy's a loner-nevernet
married parents have been dead for years. There's nothing to threaten him with." 
Orion had tried everything lately, but he hadn't expected Hamlin to be so tight- lipped.
Lemira thought for a moment. "I didn't think this gambler would have this much loyalty. He's got nothing left, but he still loves to gamble. Maybe that's how we can get to him." 
FindNovel.net
A desperate gambler will do anything-he'd even sell his own wife, kids, or mother.
###Chapter 802
Lemira didn't buy into the idea that gamblers could be so loyal.
Orion suddenly smiled. "That's actually a good idea."
Lemira glanced at the photo. "But we should also test Evelina, just in case she tries to lie."
If both of them gave the same answer, it would prove that the person in question was indeed Hale.
But if their answers didn't match, then someone was definitely lying.
After saying this, Orion looked down at Lemira. “What did Sophia say to you?"
In fact, when Orion learned that Sophia had gone to see Lemira, he had been nervous—he worried that Sophia might reveal to Lemira what really happened in the car accident all those years ago.
So, all the way while Lemira was coming over, Orion had been uneasy.
"Sophia probably already knows about the accident, so she was testing me trying to figure out if I know the Sinclair family was involved."
"And how did you answer her?"
"Of course, I didn't let on that I knew anything about it. Since the investigation isn't finished, it's best not to let the Sinclair family get suspicious. If they catch on too early, they might erase any remaining evidence."
Lemira was still very guarded when it came to Sophia.
At least, until she had all the evidence, she wasn't ready to confront the Sinclair family directly.
Lemira looked up at Orion. "How is Mrs. Amelia? Has she shared any more clues?" "She hasn't," Orion replied.
As he said this, he avoided Lemira's eyes-because he wasn't being fully truthful.
Debby, standing by, shot Orion a meaningful glance. She already knew that Mrs. Amelia had admitted yesterday the person in the backseat was someone from the Everhart family.
When Debby first heard this, it had truly shocked her.
She pieced together the clues she had and reached a conclusion: The person in the car was either Mrs. Amanda or Orion himself.
Combined with the fact that Orion wasn't telling Lemira the truth, Debby became even more convinced of her theory.
She immediately lowered her head, unsure what to say.
Lemira didn't suspect anything. To her, the fact that Mrs. Amelia refused to reveal who was sitting in the backseat only suggested that person was extremely important.
Seeing Lemira fall into thought, Orion carefully asked, "What are you thinking about?"
"I'm thinking the person in the
batis the key to everything. If
we the Sinclair family to pay for what happened, then having that witness will be absolutely crucial." 
Orion let out a sigh of relief. "Don't worry. We'll find the person who was in the car. When the time comes, they'll testify in court and hold the Sinclair family accountable for the past." 
Once Hale was found, Orion would tell Lemira the truth.
And he would definitely testify as a witness.
Lemira nodded. "Let's hope we can find that person soon."
She then asked Orion, "When do you plan on letting Mrs. Amelia go? This situation has already caused quite a stir-the gossip columns are already reporting that a wealthy aggiety matron was kidnapped."
Lemira was mostly worried that, if Mrs. Amanda found out, she'd misunderstand Orion.
"Are you worried about me?" Orion teased.
Faced with his deep gaze, Lemira instinctively looked away. "Well, you only kidnapped Mrs. Amelia because of me. I guess I have to take some responsibility."
"You don't have to take responsibility right now," Orion replied. "But I'll remember it -in case I want to collect later."
Orion's gaze clung to her, the emotion in his eyes intense and deep.
At that moment, Debby's phone rang. She answered quickly, then rushed over, anxious. “Mrs. Amanda must have found something out. Her car is already on its way here."
###Chapter 803
Hearing this, Lemira instantly grew anxious.
She instinctively turned to Orion. "What should we do now?"
Only moments ago, she had worried that Orion's actions might be discovered by the Everhart family, but she hadn't expected it to happen so soon. On second thought though, it made sense-Orion had relied on the Everhart family's network, and now, after several days, Mrs. Amanda was bound to have uncovered some clues.
Orion himself was caught a little off-guard. In his mind, he'd used only his own connections, and his mother shouldn't have been able to link everything back to him this quickly. Clearly, there was something going on behind the scenes that he wasn't aware of.
He looked at Lemira and said, “You should go. I'll handle things here."
Regardless of what his mother had found out, this wasn't the place for Lemira to be.
Lemira hesitated, concern written across her face. "Will you really be alright? After all, Mrs. Amelia is your mother's close friend. If she learns what you did, she'll be furious."
"But even if Mrs. Amelia is her best friend, what she did—causing the death of your parents—was a crime. My mother will be angry when she learns the truth, but she wouldn't cover something like that up."
Still, Lemira couldn't shake her uncertainty.
Orion met her gaze. "I'll take care of this. But when it comes to sounding out Evelina, you'll have to handle that yourself."
Now that Mrs. Amanda knew, it meant more people were getting involved, and Orion needed to deal with whatever issues were about to arise within the Everhart family.
Lemira looked into those deep eyes of his, and, strangely, felt a wave of reassurance.
Before leaving, she couldn't help but tug gently at Orion's sleeve. "If your mother wants to see me, I'll explain everything to her myself."
Orion took her hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “Alright."
Lemira didn't linger. Debby had already arranged a car and saw her off.
Even as she was getting in the car, Lemira turned to Debby with a worried look. "What do you think Mrs. Amanda will do about all this?"
"I don't believe Mrs. Amanda is the type to cover up a crime. Once she learns the truth, she'll probably understand Mr. Everhart's actions."
Debby said this, though she knew deep down that the Everhart family was also entangled in the matter.
She doubted Mrs. Amanda would actually hold Lemira accountable. Still, Debby.couldn't shake her unease. If Ms. Langston ever found out what truly happened, it might badly damage the relationship between those two women. But Debby kept her thoughts
herself-this wasn't something she dared to voice. 
No sooner had Lemira left than Mrs. Amanda's car pulled up outside.
With two assistants in tow, Mrs. Amanda marched in, her face clouded with anger.
Seeing Orion, she said coldly, "Where have you hidden her? Amelia watched you grow up—how could you do this? How am I supposed to face the Sinclair family after this?"
Mrs. Amanda was seething.
For days now, she'd hardly slept, doing everything in her power to investigate her dear friend's
met
disappearance. She'd called upon nearly every fast one of the Everhart family's connections, but for days there was still no trace of Mrs.
Amelia, which struck her as odd.
But finally, just as she was running out of options, she stumbled upon a clue—and it
pointed straight to her own son.
At first, Mrs. Amanda refused to believe it. Even if her son disliked Sophia, relations between the two families had always been good. The Sinclairs had never wronged the Everharts there was no reason fo her son to go so far as to kidnap Mrs. Amelia. 
But every lead she found made it unmistakably clear: her son was involved. That's why, enraged and demanding answers, Mrs. Amanda had come straight here.
###Chapter 804
But at that moment, Orion remained surprisingly composed.
He asked, “Mom, how did you track this back to me? Who gave you the tip-off?"
Orion believed he'd been very careful there was no reason they should have discovered him so quickly.
Could it have been the Sinclair family?
"You still haven't answered my question," his mother pressed. "Who put you up to this?"
Orion met her gaze. "I did it to uncover the truth behind that car accident all those years ago."
Mrs. Amanda was taken aback. "Wasn't the truth already clear? It was just an accident-the Sinclair family's driver ran a red light and caused the crash."
Could there really be more to it?
Orion's tone turned colder. "That's what I thought too, until I found out the Sinclair family orchestrated the accident on purpose."
"That's impossible. Amelia and I are close-she's practically your godmother. Why would she ever want to hurt you? And even if she did, what would she get out of it? That accident wasn't even serious. You weren't hurt at all."
"That's true—I wasn't. But Lemira's parents died."
"You're saying that wasn't an accident?"
Orion looked at her, his expression grave. "If it were a simple accident, would I be doing all this?"
Mrs. Amanda's heart sank at her son's words.
After a long silence, she finally sat down on the sofa and asked, "So—what have you found?"
"The Sinclair family orchestrated the crash in order to take out Lemira's parents was all about getting. control of the new energy project. back then," Orion explained,
recounting the entire chain of events as he had learned them. 
When he finished, silence settled over the room.
It took Mrs. Amanda a while to find her voice. "I don't believe it. Amelia would never do such a thing."
"But the Sinclair family was on the verge of bankruptcy back then. To save them-to get the new energy project-there's little she wouldn't do."
Mrs. Amanda went quiet; she remembered that crisis well. But never had she imagined the Sinclair family would go to such lengths to win the project.
"I know Amelia can be impulsive, but at worst she might try to hurt Lemira's parents
so they couldn't bid for the project—not actually try to kill them. She wouldn't go that far, would she?"
Mrs. Amanda felt she understood her close friend—Amelia would never contemplate murder. That would be far too risky.
“But in the end, both Lemira's parents died," Orion pointed out.
Mrs. Amanda let out a bitter, conflicted laugh. That was the truth-Lemira had lost both her parents.
Orion continued, "And she dragged the Everhart family into it as well."
"That's not possible," Mrs. Amanda denied immediately.
"Oh, it's possible. Amelia figured that if the truth ever came out, I'd be implicated just from being in that car. The Everhart family would do whatever it took to protect me, and in the process, both our families would be kept safe 
"But I still don't believe Amelia would do such a thing. The only reason you were in that car was because I was
SO
anxious for you to come triome t
asked their driver to pick you up if not for me, you wouldn't even have been in that car. She wouldn't purposely try to harm you." 
Orion being in that car had everything to do with her, and nothing to do with her friend.
A trace of irony flickered in Orion's eyes. "Who ever said I didn't have proof?"
###Chapter 805
Orion knew that unless he presented solid evidence, his mother would never believe what he said.
"So, what proof do you have?"
Orion played the recording of his earlier conversation with Mrs. Amelia for his mother.
In the recording, Mrs. Amelia could be heard saying, "I just wanted to prevent Mr. and Mrs. Langston from bidding on the project. I never expected they would end up dead. That was just their bad luck!"
Mrs. Amanda was left speechless for a long while after hearing the recording. She truly hadn't imagined that this was the real truth behind what had happened all those years ago.
"Mom, whether or not Amelia ever tried to harm me is beside the point for now. But she hired someone and bribed the Langston family's driver, orchestrating an inside job that caused the car accident which killed Lemira's parents. Amelia has to pay the price for this."
Mrs. Amanda was silent for a moment before finally saying, "Then just focus on the evidence. Why did you need to resort to kidnapping her?"
"I kidnapped her to force out the evidence. Now, we've almost uncovered everything. Once we track down the surviving driver, we can go straight to the police and open an official investigation."
Mrs. Amanda was stunned-she never would have guessed things would turn out this way. She was even more shocked to discover the Sinclair family's involvement; she had always assumed what happened back then was a tragic accident. This also made it clear that Orion had already been working with Lemira to investigate the old crash for some time.
"Son, you're doing all of this for Lemira, aren't you? Does she know you were in the car that night?"
Orion paused a moment before replying, “She doesn't know yet."
"When do you plan to tell her?"
Orion thought about it before answering, "As soon as we catch that driver, I'll tell Lemira everything."
Mrs. Amanda took a deep breath and stood up. "But I think you should tell her now. If you're not willing to do it, then I'll do it for you."
This was not something that could wait.
Orion grew anxious. "Mom, what are you doing? This is between Lemira and me.”
"Yes, it's between you and her. But you didn't even confirm whether Amelia acted deliberately before you rushed to kidnap her."
For her son to take such a drastic action, Amanda knew it had to be because of Lemira. Orion had always been steady and cautious. He would never act so impulsively unless Lemira was involved.
"Mom, it's already clear that the Sinclair family was behind all of this."
Mrs. Amanda looked at Orion and said, “In that case, Lemira deserves to know the whole truth."
"Are you threatening me, Mom?"
Orion's voice was calm but strong. "But you should understand that Mrs. Amelia is
still under my control. Her life or death is entirely in my hands."
"How could I threaten you? I could never have imagined you'd go this far!" Mrs. Amanda looked at her grown son with a complicated expression, knowing it wouldn't be easy to persuade him to change his mind. 
At first, she'd thought Orion was good to Lemira out of guilt, but now she could see
clearly-her son truly loved that girl.
"Tell me, Mom, what do you want me to do?"
Orion knew his mother must have her reasons for speaking up now.
"I want you to release Amelia as soon as possible. Whatever happened, I'll ask her directly."
"No. Until we catch Hale, she's not being released. But you don't have to worry-I won't harm her, and she'll be safe."
Mrs. Amanda hesitated, troubled.
"Amelia is getting old. She can't
withstand such a shock, especially before everything is fully
investigated. Isn't it too much to lock
Mrs. Amelia up just because of
Lemira's suspicions?" 
“And what about Lemira? You know exactly what kind of life she's had
since losing her parents. All of this hadn't set
was Amelia's doing. If she dedy
this in motion, none of this tragedy would have happened. She's the one truly responsible!" 
###Chapter 806
After hearing this, Mrs. Amanda could only let out a heavy sigh of resignation.
Yes, the events of the past really were an endless cycle.
Whether or not Mrs. Amelia had acted intentionally, the fact remained that Lemira's parents were dead-and the Sinclairs, as the ones behind it all, would inevitably have to bear legal responsibility.
Suddenly, Mrs. Amanda felt a wave of gloom.
She couldn't imagine her closest friend ending up in prison. But she also couldn't accept Orion's claim that Mrs. Amelia had deliberately arranged for him to be in that car. That was simply impossible.
There must be some misunderstanding.
Orion pressed his lips into a thin, cold line. "Mom, I'll get to the bottom of this myself. Mrs. Amelia won't be harmed-not by me. After all, it's the law that will judge her."
"But I don't believe she did it on purpose," Mrs. Amanda insisted.
She wanted to say more, but when she met Orion's icy gaze, the words caught in her throat.
Getting to her feet, Mrs. Amanda said, "You have at most three days. Let her go, or I will go to Lemira myself and explain everything."
Orion frowned as he watched Mrs. Amanda walk away. He rubbed his temples. Only three days left?
That meant he needed to hurry. If he could find Evelina's father, everything would fall into place.
Turning to his assistant, Orion ordered, "Set things up at the casino. We have to draw him out."
After all, a gambler can't resist the lure for long.
Since there were only three days left, and since their in-person efforts hadn't yielded anything, he'd just have to set a trap online.
Meanwhile, Lemira headed straight back to the Langston estate.
She needed to find a way to get Evelina to point out who Hale really was. But she had to think it through-she couldn't let the "two-faced" girl deceive her with lies.
When Lemira arrived at the house, she noticed a baby stroller in the foyer, surrounded by all kinds of baby goods.
Clearly, these were all bought for Evelina.
"Evander, I had a specialist check today—they said the baby is definitely a boy. The Langston family will finally have an heir!"
"A boy-that's wonderful! He'll carry on the Langston name. The whole family will spoil him rotten."
Evander was in high spirits; he'd thought his chance to have children was long gone.
Who could have predicted that Evelina would end up pregnant?
Evelina made a point of sticking out her still-flat belly and, with the self-importance of an expectant mother, put on airs. But when sh caught sight of Lemira, her expression instantly twisted with
matice. 
FindNovel.net
If Lemira hadn't interfered at the wedding, she would already have taken the money and disappeared, instead of being stuck here in the Langston household, forced to play meek and obedient.
Lemira-what a curse.
With a syrupy tone heavy with sarcasm, Evelina said, "Well, well! Look who decided to come home!"
Evander looked up too, his face falling as he recognized Lemira. "Lemira, Evelina's pregnant now. As her aunt-to-be, shouldn't you at least give a gift?"
Lemira settled onto the sofa, her lips curling into a cool smile. "What kind of gift would you like?"
Delighted that Lemira didn't push back, Evelina beamed. "Oh, nothing big. Just this villa will do. Since I'm carrying the Langston heir, if your parents were stul alive, they'd be thrilled to pass it on." 
"That's right. This villa was left to us by Mom and Dad. It should go to my son-carry
on the Langston legacy for generations to come. Why would you, a woman, need it anyway?"
Evander clearly agreed that the house should be left to his own son.
Listening to this absurd
conversation, Lemira simply lifted her gaze and fixed Evelina with a stare "Before you start making demands, maybe you should mak good on that apology you owe me from this morning?" 
She had already told the butler to watch for exactly this.
Sure enough, while Lemira had been out, Evelina had faked feeling unwell and skipped the apology.
Evelina's face darkened in anger. Through gritted teeth, she snapped, "I already did it this morning!"
"Oh? Then do you dare to swear on it? Swear that if you didn't, you'll live in poverty forever and never know peace?"
Infuriated, Evelina screamed, clutching her stomach. "Evander, my stomach hurts!"
###Chapter 807
Lemira watched the "two-faced" girl put on her usual act, clutching her stomach
without so much as a flinch from Lemira. After all, Lemira had seen Evelina's tricks many times over the years; it was obvious at a glance that this was just an excuse to get out of what she'd promised.
Evelina looked pitifully at Evander and said, “Evander, I don't think I can go kneel and pay my respects. My stomach hurts."
Evander responded, "I know, you come first. You're pregnant now-your situation is unique."
“But I'm afraid Lemmy will be upset with me," Evelina added with a deliberate glance at Lemira, her eyes glimmering with a hint of challenge.
Just as Evelina expected, Evander immediately turned on Lemira: "What's wrong with you? Didn't you see that Evelina isn't feeling well? And you're still forcing her to kneel? Do you even have a conscience?"
Lemira shot him a cold look. "Then why don't you both just get out? This is my villa."
Evander snapped back, "Didn't you promise to leave this house to the next generation? That makes it ours now—if anyone should leave, it should be you!"
Lemira laughed icily. "You really are delusional. So, are you leaving on your own, or do I have to throw you out myself?"
"Lemira, don't push it too far!" Evander was growing more and more resentful-how dare she trample on his pride like this!
Lemira turned to the butler. "Take all their things and put them outside the gate.”
The butler nodded and went upstairs with some staff to carry out her order.
Sensing the situation turning against her, Evelina quickly whispered, “Evander, what are we going to do?"
Evander, livid, shouted, "Lemira, say that again in front of Mom and Dad's portraits are you trying to drive us out and destroy us?"
"Kicking you out is destroying you? Sounds more like you can't survive on your own, Evander. Don't tell me you don't have anywhere else to go?"
Evander's cheeks flushed red with embarrassment. He retorted angrily, "I've spent all these years by Rowan's side-when would I have had time to buy a house?"
In truth, all the money he'd had was lost in bad investments and stocks. Outside of the family dividends, hez had no other source of income-he couldn't compare with Asher, Lucian, or their other brothers, not to
mention he never had a career of his own. 
Just then, the butler and several housekeepers came out with suitcases and dumped them at the front gate.
Evander turned on the butler in outrage. "What do you think you're doing? How dare you lay a finger on my things?"
Lemira answered coldly, "This is my house and he's my butler. Of course I can ask him to do this."
"What's going on here?" Asher called out as he got out of his car, catching sight of the scattered luggage and clothing at the front door.
Evelina hurried over with tears in her eyes. "Asher, Lemira threw all our things out and is kicking us both out!"
Asher listened with an impassive face, then asked, "So what did you do to upset her this time?"
Evelina was visibly stunned, as if she couldn't believe Asher would take such a stance. In the past, he would have immediately gone to confront Lemira.
What had changed?
Evander burst out, "Asher, we haven't done anything! Lemira is being completely unreasonable. She knows Eve isn't well, but she's
forcing her to kneel and pay
respects What if somethingvel.ne
happens to the baby?!" 
"Evelina's only a few months along. How could kneeling do any harm? The doctor said she's in great health." Lucian's voice was stern as he looked at Evander "Besides v haven't ever dorte a paternity test yet. Who knows if the child is actually yours?" 
we
Evander's face fell. "Lucian, can't you just wish me well, for once?"
He had been hoping for this child so badly.
Lucian regarded Evander with a complicated look. "I'm doing this for your own good.
We have to be careful. After all, Evelina is still the daughter of the man who murdered our parents!"
###Chapter 808
Evander didn't dare say another word.
Evelina was clearly dissatisfied. “Lucian, the child I'm carrying is Evander's. I'm certain of it."
Asher's voice was icy. "That's enough, Evelina. The only reason you were allowed to stay here was on the condition that you wear mourning clothes and pay respects to my parents every day. Now go do it."
"Asher, my stomach doesn't feel well!"
Evelina had no intention of doing such a thing.
Asher shot her a cold look. "If you refuse, then move out."
"Asher, how can you treat us like this? You were never like this before.”
Evander couldn't understand how Asher had changed so much.
Asher looked at Evander, disappointment heavy in his eyes. "Evelina's father was responsible for our parents' deaths. Now she's conspiring with outsiders to embezzle funds from the company. If it weren't for you, I would have sent her to the police long ago!"
Just looking at Evander left Asher feeling suffocated.
He used to think Lemira was the one holding the family back, always siding with outsiders.
But now, it was clear Lemira was truly exceptional.
The real burden was Evander—he was actually marrying the daughter of their enemy.
Frustrated, Asher stormed into the living room and drained his glass of water in one go. He'd been in meetings all day, without a moment's break.
In the end, Evander didn't want to leave, nor could he.
He turned to Evelina. "Go change and come down for the ceremony."
"Evander, my stomach hurts. What if something happens to the baby?" "I'll take you to see a doctor. I won't let anything happen to the baby." Evelina still felt terribly wronged.
Lucian spoke up from the side, "Honestly, if something happened to the baby, it might just be for the best."
Aside from Evander, no one was looking forward to the baby's birth.
Evelina had no intention of leaving, so she had no choice but to go upstairs and change, determined to keep the child.
Evander, still furious, came in and said, "Asher, you've changed. Now you're taking Lemira's side."
Asher shot him a look. “Lemira's done so much for this family. Look at yourself— what have you done?"
He realized that, in the past, he'd been too domineering, always overlooking Lemira's feelings.
But Lemira had done so much to uncover the truth about the accident years ago. She had been far more responsible than he ever was as the eldest brother. 
Now, remembering how he'd treated Lemira over the years, Asher felt as if his heart was being fried in oil.
Evander was furious. "Asher,
whatever you say, Evelina's baby is
mine and I'm not letting go of this child My disability is all because of you you need to take
responsibility!" 
With that, Evander stormed upstairs in a rage.
Asher was so angry his legs nearly gave way. He sank onto the couch and muttered, "But even if I had been there could really have saved his leg?" leg?”
FindNovel.net
As soon as he finished speaking, the living room went silent.
After realizing what he'd just said, Asher's expression grew uneasy.
Lucian glanced over. "So, you do know, Asher. I thought you didn't have a clue. Haven't you ever felt guilty for blaming Lemmy all these years?”
A chill ran down Asher's spine. He couldn't even bring himself to look at Lemira.
Lucian seized the opportunity. "Asher, you should apologize to Lemmy."
Lemira sneered. "That's not necessary. I don't care."
"Lemmy, Asher genuinely realizes he was wrong."
"You really think I still care about any of you at this point? I honestly don't. Whether
he apologizes or not, it makes no difference to me."
Lemira's expression was distant, and Lucian felt his heart sink. He turned to Asher. "Asher, how long are you planning to stay in the wrong?"
Asher looked up at Lemira, his eyes full of conflict. "Lemira, I really didn't mean it back then... I.....”
###Chapter 809
When Lemira heard these words, she could only feel an overwhelming sense of irony.
In her previous life, right up to the day she died, she had longed to hear Asher admit regret and offer an apology. Now, having finally gotten her wish and hearing him say those words, she found herself far less joyful than she'd imagined she would be.
Lemira's face remained expressionless, her eyes brimming with sarcasm.
Asher caught the look in her eyes and was left speechless, the words dying on his lips.
At that moment, Evander came downstairs, leading Evelina with him.
Evelina looked utterly miserable-dressed in mourning clothes felt almost unbearable, as if it was costing her half her life.
When Lemira saw how uncomfortable Evelina was, her mood immediately improved.
She walked over and stood beside them. "I suggest you adjust your attitude. Otherwise, I can have you both thrown out at any time."
Evander was clearly frustrated. "Lemira, don't get ahead of yourself! Since when do you get to dictate what happens in the Langston family? Asher, aren't you going to say anything? Are you just going to stand there and let Lemira boss us around?"
Asher replied coolly, "This really is Lemira's house now. If you want to stay here, you have to follow her rules. If not, you're free to leave.”
"Asher, our parents left this house to us! How could you just hand it over to Lemira?” Evander protested.
Now it was Asher's turn to get angry. "You have some nerve bringing that up. How much money did you burn through on those reckless investments? How many messes have I had to clean up for you over the years?"
Evander was immediately silenced.
Lucian looked at Evander and said, "Sure, Mom and Dad divided the inheritance, but if Asher hadn't kept this family afloat, your shares wouldn't be worth the paper they're printed on. And if Evelina's father hadn't killed our parents, your leg wouldn't be like this."
Evander's gaze darkened as he recalled the reason for his own disability— something that had been a lifelong source of bitterness.
Asher gave Evelina a cold look as well. "If it weren't for her, our parents wouldn't have died, we wouldn't have nearly gone bankrupt, and you would still be walking!"
Standing nervously to the side, Evelina dropped her gaze and stayed silent, too ashamed to say a word.
She realized there was nothing left she could do but kneel and bow her head in humiliation.
Lemira watched and finally felt like
she'd gotten some long-awaited
justice From now on, the butler i
going to keep an eye on you every day. f you defy the rules, be
prepared for the consequences." 
Evelina bit her lip. “And what do you plan on doing regarding my father?"
She had to know what was going to happen! The investigation had pointed toward the Sinclair family, but her father had never told her
anything leaving her in this helpless
position. 
FindNovel.net
If the Sinclairs truly were involved, Lemira might not be able to take her revenge.
After all, the Langston family was no match for the Sinclairs.
Lemira looked at Evelina with a faint, knowing smile. “What's the matter, getting worried now?"
"I want to know what really happened too. I want to ask my father why he did this and why you lost your parents."
"You know perfectly well why he did what he did-your father was always a gambler. Of course he did it for money. Why ense would he make you steal cher's money in secret?" 
Evelina ducked her head in shame and dared not reply.
Lemira's voice turned icy. "Don't worry. Your turn is coming soon."
Frantic, Evelina looked up. "I had nothing to do with what happened back then! I only did what I did because my father forced me—I know I was wrong."
With her father caught, all Evelina could think about now was how to survive.
###Chapter 810
Evander immediately stepped in front of Evelina to shield her. "Lemira, haven't you said enough? What happened back then had nothing to do with Eve. And besides, you didn't even catch her father-you arrested her cousin's uncle, not her dad."
Lemira was taken aback. How did Evander find out?
"Evander, shut your mouth!"
As soon as Asher heard this, he snapped at Evander, "How could you say that? How could you say something like that right in front of Evelina?"
Asher was so angry he was shaking.
Evander suddenly realized he'd said too much, and hastily tried to justify himself, sounding guilty: "It's not like Evelina can leave this place anyway. Even if she knows, there's no way for her to contact her father."
Evelina was stunned silent—she had never suspected that Lemira had been lying to her all along!
A spark of hope flickered in Evelina's heart. If her father was still out there and not caught, he would definitely try everything to rescue her.
Noticing the joy in Evelina's face, Lemira immediately raised her hand and slapped her hard across the face.
The blow left Evelina reeling. She screamed, "Lemira, what are you doing?"
Lemira's expression was cold as ice. "Were you just thinking, 'If my dad's still out there, he'll come save me'?"
“I—I wasn't thinking that! Stop making things up!"
Of course Evelina wouldn't admit it. Seeing the deadly look in Lemira's eyes, she quickly clutched her stomach and pretended to be in pain. "Evander, my stomach hurts so bad..."
Evander immediately rushed over. “Lemira, what do you think you're doing? Are you trying to kill someone here?"
Lemira let out a chilling laugh. "So what if Evelina dies right here? What difference would it make?"
"Are you crazy?!"
The look on Lemira's face made Evander uneasy. She was nothing like the timid, soft-spoken sister he remembered.
Desperate, Evander looked to Asher for help. "Asher, aren't you going to do something?"
Asher didn't even flinch. "You're the one who let it slip-why should I get involved?"
"So you're just going to stand by and watch Evelina get hurt, maybe even lose the baby? Watch me lose my only child?"
"A child born to the daughter of our enemy is better off never being born," Asher said coldly.
He truly felt they'd be better off without Evelina and her child around the very sight of them disgusted him.
Evander was devastated. "Asher, don't forget, it's because of you that my leg ended up like this!"
"And wasn't it because Evelina's father killed our parents that our enemies staged that so-called accident? That's what cost you your leg. At the end of the day, it's all their fault that this happened to you!" 
Asher jabbed his finger at Evander's face and shouted, "It was your loose lips today that put Evelina and her baby in danger If you want to save them, you'd better figure out how to make Lemira happy." 
"Asher, you really aren't going to help?"
"There's nothing I can do."
A bitter smile crossed Asher's lips.
He knew he'd made terrible
mistakes over the years. Now if he wanted to get to the bottom of what happened back then, he'd have to rely on Lemira. 
What's more, deep down he knew he owed her.
He wanted to make things right with Lemira, so when it came to matters like this, he
had no intention of standing in her way.
Lemira caught Asher's words and felt a tinge of irony, but she knew this was her opportunity.
After all, this return to the Langston family-she had other reasons for coming back.
Lemira fixed her gaze on Evelina. “You keep claiming you know nothing, but you hid the fact that your father had cosmetic surgery!"
Evelina went pale as a sheet. How did Lemira find that out?
###Chapter 811
Here is the improved and culturally adapted translation based on your original Chinese text. I've carefully reflected the emotional intent, context, and interpersonal nuances while ensuring the language flows naturally for an American audience. I've also maintained proper English punctuation and kept names and settings as in your translation.
When Lemira finished speaking, the atmosphere in the room shifted immediately— everyone's expression changed.
Evelina's face was no exception.
After all, Evelina had always thought that no one would ever find out about her father's plastic surgery. When she realized her father hadn't been caught, she assumed Lemira had no idea about the surgery either.
Yet, somehow, Lemira knew.
Evelina looked up, scrambling for an explanation. "I really didn't know..."
Lemira slapped Evelina across the face. "You want me to believe you didn't know your father had plastic surgery? Are you telling us you never saw his new face?"
Evelina's cheek burned from the slap, and guilt made her tongue-tied. She could only turn to Evander for help. "Evander, I—"
But Evander grasped her hand firmly. "Be honest with me. Did you know or not about your father's surgery?"
"I wasn't trying to hide it. I honestly thought you'd already caught my dad. I figured everyone already knew. I just found out now that Lemira has been lying to me."
Evelina's mind raced as she spoke.
There was no way she could confess to this now otherwise, life in the Langston family would be unbearable for her.
Damn Lemira for digging all this up. If Lemira discovered this much, could it mean her father would be found soon, too?
Evander watched Evelina intently. "Then why didn't you say anything when I asked before?"
"I thought you knew already, which is why I didn't bring it up," Evelina replied softly, gazing at Evander with a pitiful look. "I swear, it wasn't intentional."
Lemira interrupted, her tone sharp. "All right then. If it wasn't on purpose before, you should be able to tell us what your father looks like now after surgery. Go on!"
She really had Evander to thank for creating the perfect opening—otherwise, she wouldn't have known how to force Evelina's hand.
This was an opportunity she couldn't pass up.
Evelina's face turned rigid instantly—of all the outcomes she'd considered, she hadn't thought of this one.
Lemira's eyes bore into her. "Well? Say something!"
Evelina swallowed hard. "I-I don't even know where to start."
"Describe your father's appearance after the surgery," Lemira said icily. "Or are you refusing to answer now?"
Lucian, seeing the look on Evelina's face, immediately understood what she was thinking. His voice was cold. "Evelina, if you won't tell us or if you try to mislead us, then you're making it clear you're in league with your father. And if that's the case, don't expect the Langston family to go easy on you." 
Asher chimed in as well, "I'll call the police and report you for embezzlement. After all, that money still hasn't come back. Your father must have run off with it-he's not coming back for you."
"That's not possible!"
Evelina started losing control-her father wouldn't just abandon her, no matter what.
Lemira let out a mocking laugh.
"Your father's a gambler, isn't he? He
didn't treat you very well growing
right? Wouldn't he drink and get
violent after losing money? That's why your mother ran away!
After Lemira finished speaking, she saw the "two-faced" girl's expression begin to
waver.
That proved the girl didn't really trust her father completely, either.
Sensing her advantage, Lemira pressed on "If you help us catch
your father, it proves you're not on side
his side. That means whatever,
happened
un the past truly had
nothing to do with you. His going to
prison won't affect your life."
Evander nodded in agreement. "Eve, I think Lemira is right. You're my wife now—a daughter-in-law of the Langston family. You need to decide where your loyalty lies."
Even though Evander valued the child Evelina was carrying, deep down he hated her father.
If it weren't for that car accident all those years ago, he wouldn't be living with a disability now.
If Evelina wasn't pregnant with his only child, he never would have allowed her to stay here in the Langston family.
At that moment, everyone turned their attention to Evelina.
Lemira gave her a cold, mocking smile. "Are you hesitating because you don't want
to describe your father's new face?"
"N-no, it's not that. I only saw him once, and honestly I can't remember the details that clearly."
###Chapter 812
Evelina felt uneasy, a lingering suspicion gnawing at her that Lemira was deceiving her. But she had no proof. Right now, members of the Langston family were watching her so closely that she wasn't even allowed her phone.
"At the very least, you should remember what he generally looks like,” Lemira said.
She turned to Asher and Lucian. "Get someone here to do a drawing."
Lucian nodded. “I know an art professor-we can have her come."
Lemira looked back at Evelina. "Whether we get a drawing of your father depends on your cooperation."
"What do you mean by that?" Evelina asked.
"If the portrait ends up resembling your father, it means you've been truthful. But if the drawing looks nothing like him, it shows you lied-and that you've been working with him all along."
Lemira fixed her eyes on Evelina, sharp and scrutinizing.
The "two-faced" girl was visibly shaken, a guilty look crossing her face.
At that moment, Asher suddenly turned to Lemira. "Did you already catch Evelina's father? Are you just trying to test her?"
Lemira's lips curled into a cold, mocking smile. "Why don't you guess?"
Asher frowned. "Lemira, this isn't the time for games."
Evelina's eyes widened in alarm when she heard this. Was this woman really setting
a trap for her? If she'd tried to lie just now, wouldn't she have given herself away? How vicious!
But Lemira just said, "If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear. We'll see where Evelina stands."
She deliberately kept her gaze on Evelina, making sure the "two-faced” girl couldn't guess whether her father was already in their hands.
Evelina was at a loss.
If her father wasn't in Lemira's custody and she gave a detailed description, wouldn't she just be helping Lemira find him?
Evelina could only look to Evander for help. "Evander, I—"
"Enough. Get the sketch done. I want to see for myself whose side you're really on," Evander interrupted sternly.
His tone was more forceful than Evelina had ever heard before.
Even Lemira raised an eyebrow at Evander, Surprised by his firmness. But Evander
dever thought like most
people did she couldn't let her
guard down. 
Still, she had to admit: she should thank Evander for providing her with this excellent opportunity.
Soon, the sketch artist Lucian invited arrived.
Lemira told Evelina, "You describe. She'll draw."
Evelina, though reluctant, knew there was no escaping this time.
Lemira stood by, observing closely. Evander fèmained at Evelina's side, eyes burning with intensity as the face of that hated men appeared on the page-his enemy, the source of so much pain. 
It made sense-if Evelina's father hadn't accepted a bribe and gotten their parents killed, the tangston family wouldn't have faced so much hardship, and Evander wouldn't have been targeted and lost his leg.
Evander must hate Evelina's father deeply. That explained his urgency to see the man's face.
Lemira quietly watched the scene unfold.
Lucian sidled up to her and whispered, "Lemmy, be honest-did you really catch the driver?"
Lemira looked up and saw Asher nearby, also listening closely.
She responded calmly, "You'll find out soon enough."
Asher couldn't help but interject, "You really don't have to do all this. We trust you now. We all know what Evelina is like."
Lucian nodded. "Yeah, Lemmy, there's no need to go to such lengths just to expose her in front of us."
Lemira looked at them with open scorn. “Don't flatter yourselves. It's not like you haven't been blind to her for ages. Why would I bother?”
Asher and Lucian fell silent immediately.
An hour later, the portrait of Evelina's father was finally finished.
Lemira took the drawing, looked it over, and then fixed her gaze on Evelina. "Are
you sure this is what he looks like? You're not lying, right?"
###Chapter 813
Lemira held the portrait, her expression hovering between a smile and a sneer as she fixed her gaze on the "two-faced" girl.
Evelina couldn't quite tell what Lemira was getting at, so she replied ambiguously, "I mean, there is a bit of a resemblance, but it's not exactly the same. After all, it's just a drawing, not a photograph. Who could guarantee a perfect likeness?"
Evelina had already come up with her excuse earlier.
After all, who could expect a portrait to be an exact match?
Lemira knew the "two-faced" girl would try to make excuses, so she tossed the portrait right back at her. "If it doesn't look enough like him, then keep changing it. Don't stop until it actually does!"
She had no intention of letting the "two-faced" girl get away.
The portrait hit Evelina, leaving her flustered and angry. Humiliated, she turned teary-eyed to Evander. “Evander, I've been sitting here so long, I really don't feel well. Can I take a short break?"
Evander hesitated for a moment. "Alright, take a little break. It's not like we're in that big of a hurry."
Hearing this, Evelina managed a smile and got up, hoping to slip away and avoid more work.
But Asher's cold voice cut through, "No."
Evelina froze, saying nothing, simply looking pitifully at Evander.
Now that her father was still alive, Evelina knew everyone in the Langston family despised her. Right now, Evander was the only person she could count on.
Evander frowned in protest. "Asher, you can see Eve isn't feeling well. What's wrong with letting her rest for a while?"
"Asher, is your brain working? The most urgent thing right now is to catch the real culprit who killed our parents!"
Asher jabbed a finger at Evander. "And you want to waste time because of this woman? How will you ever face Mom and Dad?"
Evander was still dissatisfied. “But Evelina is pregnant. We shouldn't make her overexert herself."
Lucian kicked at him. “We're not telling Evelina to do any heavy lifting. We just need her to talk-how can that possibly tire her out?"
Evander fell silent.
Lucian turned to Evelina. "Sit down. You'll get a break when your father's portrait is done."
“But Lucian, I really don't feel well..." Evelina, determined to keep up her act, clutched her stomach and collapsed to the floor. "Evander, my stomach hurts."
Evander quickly moved to help her. "I'll take you to the hospital."
"Don't move. If either of you dares to leave today, don't bother ever coming back."
Asher's face was stormy with anger. The most important thing now was getting to the the truth of the car
accident, and if possible, finding net
something they could use agamst the Sinclair family That was the only way to feel any sense of justice. 
But Evander actually seemed willing to let Evelina play sick-how could Asher allow that?
Evander was furious. "Asher, you've changed. You just believe anything Lemira says now?"
"If I don't trust her, should I trust you?"
Asher wasn't naive. He knew the one thing Lemira would never lie about was the accident that killed their parents.
He stared Evelina down. "If I find out you're lying, I won't let you off easily."
Evelina broke out in a cold sweat.
Lucian also addressed Evelina. "You've always been on the Langston family's side, right? All these years, the family's treated you well. Whatever Lemira had, you had too."
“Lucian, of course. I know the Langston family has always been good to me, and in my heart, I've always seen this family as my own."
"Good. If you really don't feel well and need to go to the hospital, I'l have the artist go with you. While you're resting, you can tell them exactly what about the portrait isn't
right so they can make changes
Lucian's meaning was crystal clear—even in the hospital, the work would continue.
He finished, his tone taking on a hint
of menace. "But if you refuse to cooperate, I can only assume you're on your father's side. And in that case you can forget about having that baby I won't let the Langston family be left with a threat like that.” 
###Chapter 814
"Lucian, what are you saying? That's my only child!"
Evander was utterly shocked; he never expected Lucian to outright suggest not keeping the baby.
Lucian's face was cold and severe. “Evander, Asher usually indulges you and lets you get away with things, but there's no room for discussion when it comes to the person who killed our parents."
Evander immediately protested, "Eve would never side with her father."
Only a fool would give up the Langston family's status and follow a murderer.
Evelina wasn't that foolish.
Evelina hurried to pledge, "Lucian, I promise—I'll cooperate."
Lucian looked at her closely. "So, do you still need to go to the hospital?"
He could see right through Evelina's lie.
She quickly shook her head. "My stomach's fine now. I can keep working with the artist."
Evelina had tested the Langston family's attitude and realized everyone was united on this—and even Evander, foolish as he was, wouldn't budge.
She didn't dare push any further and had no choice but to go along.
Seeing the "two-faced" girl shrink back, Lemira let out a cold laugh. "I want to see results after dinner. We're running out of time."
With that, Lemira headed to the dining room; she was hungry and needed something to eat.
Soon, Lucian came over. “Lemmy, it's just us now-be honest with me. Is Evelina's father in your hands or not?"
Lemira looked up to see Asher had followed behind Lucian.
Her tone grew even icier. "I'll tell you after Evelina finishes the portrait."
She clearly wasn't interested in talking about it now.
Asher grew frustrated. "Is it that you don't trust us?"
Lemira shot back with a mocking look. "What have you done to deserve my trust?"
Asher was at a loss for a moment before responding, "Lemira, what happened before— that was my fault. I know I wronged you."
“Oh,” Lemira replied flatly, barely glancing at him.
Asher's temper flared. “Lemira, I've already admitted I was wrong and apologized. What else do you want from me?"
As the words left his mouth, Lucian quickly stepped in and restrained him. "Asher, what are you saying?"
"What, am I wrong? I've already swallowed my pride and apologized, tried to make peace, but look at Lemira's attitude!"
Asher had always been strong-willed he saw himself as the head of the Langston family, never bowing even to his siblings.
He'd already lowered himself for Lemira again and again, and yet she only ever gave him the cold shoulder.
Lucian sighed. "Asher, that's not the way to say it."
"I am apologizing! I honestly have no idea what else she expects from me!"
Asher was simmering with frustration.
He had always thought of himself as the pillar of the Langston family, but now he could see Lemira was growing only more capable she was even dating the Everhart heir. 
With things as they were, Lemira was becoming the only one the family could rely
on.
That left Asher deeply unsettled, still trying to assert his authority over Lemira.
Lemira had no patience for any of it. She set down her fork and left the dining room.
Truthfully, she didn't need the Langston family's so-called "apology," especially when it carried that air of superiority.
After Lemirà left, Asher completely
lost his temper. "Did you see hermet
still
attitude? I apologized, and s won't accepit." 
"Asher, do you really call that an apology? Why the superiority?"
“But I'm her big brother, Asher! Can't she show me at least some respect?”
Asher was furious—he knew he was in the wrong, but swallowing his pride wasn't easy.
At that moment, Evander stormed into the dining room. "Asher, now you see how cold Lemira can be,
right? I told you, we should stop. being so nice to her!" 
She needs to be put in her place then she wouldn't dare act so arrogant.
###Chapter 815
Asher was so furious that he couldn't utter a single word.
Evander, believing that Asher shared his displeasure toward Lemira, quickly chimed in, "Asher, you can't just let Lemira walk all over you. You should just make her give back the villa."
Before Asher could respond, Lucian looked up and snapped, “Evander, what are you really up to? Asher promised this villa to Lemmy. How could you possibly take it back now?"
“But the villa was left by Mom and Dad," Evander argued, completely unfazed. “Why should Asher just hand it over to Lemira? She has zero respect for him—what's wrong with me asking him to take it back?"
Evander truly saw nothing wrong with his demand. He was Lemira's brother after all. If anyone deserved family property, he believed it ought to be him.
"Evander, don't think I can't see through you. You want the villa for yourself, don't you? Dream on," Lucian retorted.
Asher, already burning with anger, could barely contain himself at Evander's brazen words. "If it wasn't for you, would I have been forced into giving Lemira the villa in the first place? She practically used it to threaten me."
Had Evander really forgotten what happened back then?
The more Asher spoke, the angrier he became. Compared to Lemira, his own brother was just hopeless.
"Asher, I won't deny everything you've done for me. But to me, you're still my brother. That said, just look at the way Lemira treats you!" Evander shot back.
"How Lemira treats me is none of your business," Asher answered coldly. "None of this would have happened if it weren't for that woman, Evelina. She's the reason the Langston family is in this mess. I regret ever bringing her into our home."
Regret had weighed heavily on Asher these past weeks.
He shouldn't have let Evelina become part of the Langston family; maybe then,
none of this would have happened, and Lemira wouldn't have become so estranged from everyone.
"Asher, that's not fair," Evander
replied. "You didn't know the truth back then you can't blame yourself. Lemira was the real problem. She found out what happened but Kid it from us on purpose, then made a huge scene at the wedding Thanks to her, the Langston family became the joke of our entire circle. I'd say she's the one who acted
shamefully." 
Evander had lost face at the wedding and held a deep grudge against Lemira for it.
That girl-after all the kindness he'd shown her when they were kids!
She'd turned out so ungrateful, humiliating her own brother in public.
Hearing this, Asher let out a weary sigh. “Lemira may have taken things too far that
day, but honestly, we share some of the blame... sigh.”
"But none of us even knew what was really going on! Just because Lemira happened to get a head start
investigating thanks to her
nets
Connection with the Everhart heir
she thinks she can look down on us,
her own brothers, and boss us around?" Evander said indignantly. 
At that, Lucian interrupted sharply, "What on earth are you talking about?"
"Lucian, am I wrong?" Evander shot back. "That's exactly what Lemira did—she shows us no respect at all."
"Evander, that's enough," Lucian said, his voice edged with disappointment. "We all know how
we treated Lemmy growing up.
Right now, she's the only reason we Right,@pw, the the
know anything about the trum behind the accident. If not for her, we might never have learned that Evelina's father was still alive. Asher's company was almost wiped out. Have you forgotten all that?" 
Lucian fixed Evander with a hard look. "And if it weren't for Lemira, Evelina would have run off with Asher's money ages ago. Do you really think she'd still be part of this family, or anywhere near you?"
Evander fell silent at that, looking deflated.
Of course, he knew: if it hadn't been for Lemira stopping Evelina, things would have been much worse.
For a moment, Evander had nothing to say.
Lucian turned to Asher once more. "Asher, the Langston Group is in crisis right now. What you need most is to stay on good terms with Lemira. How can you be so impatient?"
###Chapter 816
“Lucian, it's not that I'm impatient—it's just that there's no way Lemira would accept my apology in her current state."
"Well, you were far too harsh with her before," Lucian replied.
Asher fell silent for a moment before saying, "You used to have a pretty good relationship with her, better than me, anyway. Why don't you talk to her? If I try, it'll just lead to another argument like before.”
Seeing Asher's defeated look, Lucian felt a surge of frustration. "Asher, I told you ages ago you'd regret this."
"What's the point of regretting it now?" Asher said bitterly.
He knew if they didn't get that money back, the future of the Langston Group would be shaky at best.
At that moment, Evelina stepped tentatively into the room. "Asher, Lucian, I'm done here."
She'd heard the arguing in the dining room and realized her position in the Langston family was becoming dangerously unstable.
At first, she'd considered being careless with the sketch, but now she understood she had to take it seriously; otherwise, she risked Langston family backlash later.
Lucian walked over and took the sketch from Evelina, studying it. "Is this what your father looks like now? Would we be able to recognize him if we saw him?”
"You definitely would. It's at least a sixty percent resemblance," Evelina replied, trying to sound earnest. She looked at Lucian, attempting to curry favor. "I've truly always supported the Langston family. Last time, about the money, I was forced into it. You have to believe me, Lucian."
"That all depends on whether the sketch you've given us is real,” Lucian said. “Let's have Lemmy come down and take a look."
He glanced at the drawing, took out his phone, snapped a photo, and saved it to his gallery for safekeeping.
Soon enough, Lemira received his message and came downstairs.
When she took the sketch, she paused for a moment. The man in the drawing was indeed one of the suspects Orion had listed.
That meant Evelina was telling the truth this time.
So the act she'd put on earlier hadn't been in vain after all.
Lucian, slightly tense, asked, "Lemmy, what do you think? Is it a good resemblance?"
Evander scoffed. "Lemira, haven't you already caught Evelina's father
and are just festing her
Doesnt unís
this
show Evelina and her father weren't
working together?" fo FindNovel.net
Lemira glanced at the sketch and then placed it on the table. "Yes, it does prove that."
Evelina's heart skipped a beat when she heard this. Did this mean her father really was in Lemira's hands?
Otherwise, how could Lemira be so sure the man in the sketch was him?
Whatever hope Evelina had clung to instantly evaporated.
It seemed her decision earlier had indeed been the right one; at least for now, she would be safe staying with the Langston family.
Asher immediately grabbed the sketch. "Lemira, hand over Evelina's father. We have a right to question him too."
But Evander cut in with a sardonic tone. "But isn't this all connected to
the Sinclair family? Even if the
Langstons find evidence, what could you possibly do to the Sinclairs?" 
Evelina shot Lemira a furtive glance, just as confused as before.
She'd heard that the car accident back then was orchestrated by the Sinclairs, who
had bribed her father, and that's how Lemira's parents ended up dead.
The real culprits had to be the Sinclair family.
Lemira, hearing everything, looked straight at Evelina. "That's where you come in. You need to persuade your father to come clean about
1.n
everything if he does you have
nothing
to worry about with the
Langston family." 
They were closer than ever to catching Evelina's father, but convincing him to testify
against the Sinclairs would take some thought.
Hale's only child was Evelina.
Evelina's expression shifted. Why did she have to do it? What was Lemira scheming now?
###Chapter 817
Lemira looked at Evelina with a faint, almost mocking smile. “What's wrong? Are you unwilling?"
Hearing this, Evelina clenched her teeth in frustration. That wretched Lemira was setting her up again.
Earlier, she had fallen into a trap over the portrait, having no choice but to reveal her father's true appearance under pressure. Now, Lemira wanted her to persuade her own father to betray the Sinclair family-a completely thankless task.
Did the Langston family even have the means to go up against the Sinclairs right now?
Trying to hide her resentment, Evelina put on a hurt expression. “Lemmy, you've really misunderstood me. I was only asking. After all, I'm part of the Langston family now—if it's something I'm supposed to do, I certainly won't put it off."
Lucian jumped in before anyone else could respond. "That's good. If your father refuses to give up the Sinclairs, you must find a way to persuade him. Only if the Langston family gets revenge will we be able to back you and Evander once you're married."
Lucian knew exactly what Evelina's priorities were.
Given how she used to live, she would know better than to pick the wrong side.
Evelina quickly nodded. "I understand, Lucian. I'll do everything I can to persuade my father."
But she still kept her real thoughts hidden: whether she could actually get her father to cooperate was not up to her alone.
After all, the Sinclairs were unlikely to take this lying down, and the Langston family's quest for revenge would be anything but easy.
Evelina even thought, if she could get in touch with the Sinclairs, maybe they would pay her a handsome sum for her help.
Asher immediately chimed in, "Have your father return that money. If the Langston Group actually goes under, what kind of life do you expect to have? I hope you see the bigger picture."
Evelina quickly nodded again. "Asher, I realize I was wrong. I'll make sure Dad returns the money, and I'll never make such a mistake again."
Asher's expression finally softened at her words.
He turned to Lemira and said, "Since Evelina's agreed, when will you let us see her father? I want to ask him
directly what really back"
then!" . FindNovel.net
Evelina, too, wanted to see her father. Who knew what kind of torment he might have suffered at Lemira's hands?
At this point, to save herself, she could only give up her father for the time being. But if she ever had the chance, she would do everything she could to get him out. Lemira replied in a calm tone, "Once I've arranged everything, you'll be able to see him at the police station."
But she didn't mention that she hadn't actually captured Evelina's father yet.
Frankly, knowing just how unreliable the Langstons could be, Lemira had no intention of disclosing that now.
Asher's temper flared at once.
"Lemira, what's that supposed to
mean? Our family has done
1.n
everything you've asked, but getting tistice for our parents isn't just your responsibility." 
Sensing the tension in the room, Lucian stepped in to mediate. "Asher, that's enough."
Asher fell silent, though he still looked annoyed.
Lucian turned to Lemira. "Lemmy, you can't keep handling all this alone and excluding the family. When you neet help, we're fere for you you don't have to do it all yourself." 
Really, these matters should have been handled by them as her older brothers.
But now, Lemira was the one bearing the entire investigation on her own.
"I know," Lemira replied. "When it's time for you to step in, I'll let you take
responsibility. But for now, it's not the right moment."
With those words, Lemira turned and left the Langston Estate. After all, her main reason for coming back this time was for the portrait.
###Chapter 818
Now that she knew exactly which man at the dealership was Evelina's father, the most important thing was to inform Orion so he could make the arrest.
She had waited so long-finally, the day had arrived.
Thankfully, Evelina's father had been bold (or foolish) enough to believe that hiding in plain sight was safest, so he never left. That had given her the time she needed to track him down.
“Lemmy, where are you going?” Lucian hurried after her, obviously anxious. “I know you still hold a grudge against Asher, but at least he understands he was wrong. It hasn't been easy for us, either. Every day has felt like an eternity. If you need help, just say the word."
Lucian's sincerity was unmistakable.
He'd been plagued by guilt lately; he hadn't really slept in days.
"I don't need anything for now. I've told you-when I do need your help, I won't be shy about asking."
"So where are you headed now? Let me drive you."
"That's not necessary."
Lemira gave Lucian a look. “And you can stop sending people to follow me around. What's the point of these little games?"
Lucian looked embarrassed. “That was actually Asher's idea. He's just worried you might get yourself into something you can't handle. There's nothing more to it."
They were just concerned for Lemira's safety. After all, the Sinclairs weren't exactly easy to deal with.
"And where was your concern when things were truly the worst?" Lemira shot back, her expression icy. "I got through all of it by myself. Now, when everything's almost over, you all finally want to pitch in. Isn't that just a little bit ridiculous?"
She knew exactly why they were suddenly so interested: they wanted to find out where Evelina's father was. Lemira suspected their motives went beyond simply avenging their parents.
“Lemmy, that isn't what we mean. We're family. No matter what disagreements we have, when it
comes to our parents' deaths, wet
should all be on the same side You'v
ve leaned on the Everhart heir so much-how will you ever repay him later?" 
Lemira's gaze dropped. “That's my business. It doesn't concern you."
"Lemmy, I know you have a close relationship with him, but you do understand, right? The Everhart family is powerful and old-money. They're not going to let just any girl marry in. And besides, Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Amelia are the closest of are the closest of friends. If you insist on revenge and end up sending Mrs. Amelia to
prison, do you really think Mrs.
Amanda will just forgive and forget?"
Lucian's voice was pleading. "We are your real family, Lemmy. You should trust us,
not Orion. What if, in the end, he sides with the Sinclairs?"
"He won't," Lemira replied flatly.
“But none of this has really started yet. If the Sinclairs find out what Orion's been
doing for you, do you think he'll stick his neck out and keep helping?"
Lucian couldn't help but worry. The
ties between the Everhart and
Sinclair families ran deep; he
doubted Orion could be completely
trusted in a situation like this. 
"I told you, this is my business. You can stop worrying about it."
With that, Lemira left the Langston Estate.
She had no doubt-Orion was not that kind of person.
Lucian stood there watching her go, his eyes filled with worry and resignation. When would Lemira ever understand that everything he did was for her own good?
How could someone from the Everhart family ever truly be trusted?
After leaving, Lemira wasted no time—she immediately called Orion. "I've identified Evelina's father. I'm sending his picture to your phone right now."
Lemira's excitement was palpable—at last, they could finally catch Evelina's father. She only hoped that this time-nothing would go wrong.
###Chapter 819
Lemira was struggling to keep her emotions in check again.
But compared to the last time, she had grown noticeably steadier.
“Hold on, I'll have my people move in right away."
Orion quickly instructed his team to launch the operation. After all, everyone's attention had been on the dealership lately—they weren't about to let anyone slip through the net.
Once he'd finished giving orders, he spoke into the phone again. "I didn't expect you'd get the sketch so fast."
"I didn't either. I owe a lot to our Evander for that."
Lemira was walking alone down the street, planning to call a ride once she got farther away.
Hearing her unhurried tone, Orion couldn't help asking, “Where are you?"
"I'm outside, about to hail a cab. Now that I've got the sketch, I don't want to stay at the Langston house or see any of them a moment longer."
All Lemira could think of now was catching Evelina's father as soon as possible.
She wanted to see the murderer brought to justice with her own eyes.
But Orion was more worried about her safety. "Don't call a cab. Wait for me I'll pick you up, and we'll go together."
"Alright."
Lemira didn't refuse; after all, she was planning to meet up with Orion anyway.
That night, Lemira stood by the roadside just outside the gated community, waiting for Orion to arrive.
Most people who lived here had their own cars, so there was pretty much no public transit and ride-hailing was the only option.
Lemira canceled her ride request on the app, and stared up at the sky for a while, lost in thought.
After all she had been through—this life and the last-at last she would have revenge.
Suddenly, a taxi pulled up in front of her, honking.
Lemira glanced at the car and said, "I already canceled my ride."
It didn't make sense for the car to have shown up, since she'd canceled while it was still fairly far away.
The driver looked irritated. “But I already drove all the way over here. Then you canceled―do you know how hard that is for me? Not all of us have money to burn. Every dollar counts for someone like me."
Lemira felt as if he was trying to guilt-trip her.
She looked at the driver and replied, "First of all, canceled within the allowed time limit, and it wasn't very long after placing the order. L checked the map you were still two or three kilometers away at that point. There was no way you could've gotten here immediately." 
This neighborhood rarely had people using ride apps.
Canceling shouldn't have been a big problem for the driver—after all, the
commercial district, where people hailed rides more often, was just two or three
kilometers away.
But the driver just grew more
annoyed. "Doesn't matter, I'm here now. You cancel and I have to drive all the way back for nothing. Do you know how much business lose because of this? People like me can't afford to waste time like you well-off folks can." 
Lemira wasn't in the mood to argue; she was feeling pretty good today. "So what do you want, exactly?"
"Just get in, like you were going to. I'll take you where you need to go and you pay me the fare directly."
"But someone's already coming to pick me up. I don't need a ride anymore."
Seeing how persistent the driver was, Lemira didn't want to escalate things. "Look, if you're worried about losing out, the app has cancellation compensation for fate cancels, right? I can just send you a small tip through the app. Would that work?" 
Even though she hadn't actually canceled late, she figured if a small tip could solve
it, why make a fuss?
"That's not enough! What's a few bucks supposed to do for me? Your ride hasn't arrived yet why not let me drive you?"
He seemed oddly insistent that she get in the car.
It was at this point that Lemira really looked the driver up and down. "I don't need a ride from you. If the tip isn't enough for you, then never mind."
The driver grumbled, "Why are you being like this? Think you're too good for regular working people? If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have wasted my time on this empty run. Just my luck—what a terrible day."
Listening to the driver mutter under his breath, Lemira started to feel suspicious.
###Chapter 820
She pulled out her phone, opened her recent ride order, and double-checked the license plate number. A flash of vigilance appeared in her eyes. "The license plate on the car I ordered is nothing like yours. You're not my ride who are you, really?"
Lemira fixed the driver with a wary stare.
No wonder he was so persistent. If he were really a rideshare driver, he wouldn't waste so much time hanging around here.
Exposed, the driver's face grew uneasy, and he muttered angrily, "If I'm not your driver, why did you spend so long talking to me?"
With that, he started the car and drove off.
But something still felt off to Lemira. She glanced around and realized she was completely alone at the side of the road.
If this man had actually just mistaken her for a passenger, he'd have stayed to wait for the real customer-why would he get defensive and speed away?
There had to be more to this.
Thankfully, Orion had offered to pick her up, which was why she'd canceled the order in the first place. If that driver had arrived before Orion, she might have gotten into the wrong car, and who knows what could have happened.
Who had sent that driver?
Lemira considered it—most likely, it had something to do with the Sinclair family. Maybe even with Evelina's father?
A little over ten minutes later, Orion's car stopped in front of her.
The moment she got in, Lemira immediately asked, "How are things going? Is there any chance Evelina's father might have gotten suspicious and slipped away?"
After all, last time, she was so sure they'd catch Evelina's father, but it all failed at the last moment—they only managed to capture his accomplice, not the man himself.
"No, our people checked. He's still at the dealership."
"Good."
Lemira finally relaxed a bit. So maybe that driver earlier had nothing to do with Evelina's father after all.
“Why are you suddenly so worried? Did something happen that I don't know about?"
Lemira hesitated. "It's not a big deal. I was just too confident last time, and when things fell apart, I felt terrible for a long while."
"Lemira, you're not telling me everything. What really happened?"
Orion could tell from her expression that there was more to the story.
Lemira looked up and met his deep, dark eyes. In the end, she told him about the incident with the fake taxi driver.
As soon as Orion heard, his
demeanor changed. "Do you
remember the license plate?
have
someone check it out, see it's just a coincidence." 
Lemira gave him the number. "I keep wondering if the Sinclair family has picked up on something After all
your mother already figure
were behind it. It's been
out you
days maybe they've gottenwind of something." 
"So what if they know? They're the ones who did wrong—not us.”
Us?
When Lemira heard him say that, she felt something odd in her heart.
Orion looked at her and said, "Once we catch Evelina's father, we can release Mrs. Amelia."
"That's true. Otherwise, if the Sinclair
family goes to the police, things with really get out of hand, and it wouldn't do you any good." 
Right now, the Sinclair family's hands were tied but if too much time passed, there's no telling what they might do.
"Are you worried about me?"
Lemira instinctively avoided his gaze. "Well, like it or not, we're in this together."
A tense look crossed Orion's face. "Then remember, we're in this together. No matter what happens, I'll always be on your side."
His words struck her as increasingly strange.
She looked up at Orion. "Is there something else you're not telling me?"
"There is, actually."
###Chapter 821
Lemira looked at Orion and asked, "What exactly is going on?"
She suddenly recalled that he'd said something similar before, but for one reason or another, she had always forgotten to ask further.
Orion gazed at her intently. "Now isn't the right time. I'll tell you once Evelina's father has been taken to the police station. That's what matters most right now."
After all, he would have to testify as a witness against the Sinclair family when the time came.
By then, Lemira would know everything.
Yet Lemira couldn't help thinking about how Mrs. Amelia and Mrs. Amanda were close friends—could Orion have planned something else as well?
Since he wasn't willing to tell her now, there must be a reason.
Lemira didn't ask any more questions.
After all, Orion had done so much for her even going as far as kidnapping Mrs. Amelia. It would be a lie to say she wasn't touched by it.
And now that Mrs. Amanda already knew about what had happened, she surely despised Lemira.
If she truly wanted to be with Orion, it definitely wouldn't be easy to win Mrs. Amanda's approval.
At that thought, Lemira looked up at him and said, "After I left the other day, your mother came to see you. What did you two talk about?"
There was no doubt Mrs. Amanda was furious when she learned about everything.
"Nothing much. I just told her everything about the Sinclairs. She would never send her own son to jail for her old friend."
Lemira went quiet for a long time after hearing his answer.
She remembered what Lucian had said: with everything Orion had done for her, how could she ever repay him?
"What's wrong? Are you upset? My mother isn't going to do anything. You don't have to worry," Orion reassured her.
After all, he was the one who had kidnapped Mrs. Amelia. If his mother really wanted to expose the truth for her friend's sake, he would be the first to suffer the consequences.
That was why Orion was sure his mother wouldn't take any action.
Lemira turned her head towards the window, her voice faint and a little choked. "It's nothing."
Troubled thoughts flickered in her eyes. Orion truly was treating her so well right
now.
But Lemira knew their situation was not so easily resolved.
Orion sensed the shift in mood between them.
He said seriously, "Once Evelina's father is brought to justice, can we sit down and talk-just the two of us?"
There were things he needed to make clear to Lemira.
Sunlight streamed through the car window, sharpening Orion's features. His deep- set eyes were difficult to read.
This was the first time Lemira had heard Orion speak so earnestly about their relationship.
She knew he wanted to talk about them.
For all this time, neither of them had mentioned the conflicts and
arguments between them asel nee
nothing had ever happened content .net>
But Lemira knew some problems didn't just disappear because you ignored them.
Now, with Orion having
Mrs. Amelia—and Mrs. Amanda knowing about it the whole
Now, with Orion having set
situation was giving
her a headache
just thinking about it.
Lemira was genuinely grateful for everything Orion had done; if she pulled away
now, it would be letting down his kindness.
She turned her head, nodded seriously, and met his gaze steadily. “Alright.”
When everything was finally settled, they would talk about their future together.
Even if everyone stood against them, she was willing to go through those hardships with him.
When Orion saw her nod in
agreement, he couldn't help himself he grabbed her hand, a little out of control Lemmy thank you. . FindNovel.net
Thank you for giving me another chance.
Lemira's heartbeat quickened noticeably.
SWI
She felt the warmth of his palm and the intensity of his gaze-so overwhelming she
could barely withstand it.
###Chapter 822
Lemira lowered her gaze. “I'm not blind—you think I don't know all that you've done?"
Orion seemed a little unsettled by her words.
At that moment, the car came to a stop.
Orion glanced outside, the gentle look on his face fading noticeably. "We're here," he said.
Lemira looked out the window. "Did you catch him?"
Orion looked at the person in the front passenger seat, who turned and answered respectfully, “He's been apprehended. He's over there.”
Lemira's heart instantly tightened with anxiety.
She gripped Orion's hand tightly, visibly nervous. “I wonder if that man has ever had nightmares over these years," she said.
He killed my parents, yet managed to live his life in hiding all this time!
Orion held her hands in his. "We'll find out when we question him. Do you want to do it yourself?"
"Of course. If you go, you probably won't get much out of him."
Orion's voice was gentle. "He might act tough, but remember the other man we caught? He's still holed up in that casino-he'll talk sooner or later."
Everyone has their weakness.
“But there's something odd about Hale,” Lemira went on. “He must know his cousin has been missing for a while, but he's stayed at the dealership all this time instead of trying to run. Is he really so sure we wouldn't find him?"
Orion said calmly, "That's what puzzles me too—unless he never got the money." "That can't be. Wasn't the money transferred? I'd have thought Hale had it!" Lemira couldn't fathom it either. If Hale really didn't get the money...
Then who did?
Orion squeezed her hand. “Either way, we'll know soon enough when we confront him."
"You're right. He's in my hands now."
Lemira took a deep breath, stepped out of the car with Orion, and found herself at a small factory.
She and Orion walked in, guided by someone ahead.
Debby was already waiting inside. As soon as she saw Lemira, she said, "Qur people have started questioning him, but Hale won't talk. He insists on speaking to the person behind all this-directly." 
Lemira's tone turned icy. "Then let's see what exactly it is he wants."
She was intent on finding out, after all these years, why he did what he did.
Lemira entered the small room and saw Hale, tied up; as she expected, his features were completely altered.
She looked him over. "I didn't expect
you'd go so far as to get plastic surgery. And yet, you chose to weat a lifelike mask when you went to see Evelina that day-afraid she wouldn't recognize you, were you?" 
After she spoke, Lemira kept her eyes trained on Hale, watching for his reaction.
When he saw her, he was clearly shocked, then seemed to be weighing his options.
Lemira continued, "Were you surprised to see me? Let me guess-you thought it was the Sinclair family who'd captured you, which is why you demanded t∞TM speak with whoever was pulling the strings before you'd say anything." Cóntent 
He fell silent, refusing to respond.
Lemira walked right up to him. "You know exactly who I am, so drop the silent act. Remember that time you tried to help Evelina-sending someone to the Langston Estate to kill the old butler for her?"
A flicker of surprise crossed his face. "I honestly didn't expect it to be you. But how did you know about the plastic surgery?"
Hale had thought he'd been careful.
"It was your daughter Evelina, of course. She personally described what you look like, and that's how we were able to make the sketch."
Lemira even pulled out her phone and showed him the drawing.
As soon as Hale saw it, his expression shifted sharply. "You forced her to do that, didn't you? Whatever happened back then was my doing. If you have a problem, take it out on me!"
###Chapter 823
Seeing Hale so anxious, Lemira couldn't help but feel something was off.
Based on all her previous investigations, she was convinced Hale was the type of man who cared only about gambling and money. To him, nothing mattered except wealth-and Evelina was merely a means to an end, a tool for making money.
So why was Hale suddenly so concerned about Evelina's safety?
Lemira found this deeply suspicious, but kept her expression cold as she answered, "Everyone in the Black family is guilty. Do you really think I would let any of you go?"
"That thing from back then had nothing to do with Evelina."
"Oh? Nothing to do with her? She helped you embezzle company funds and almost drove the Langston family's company into bankruptcy. You really think she's innocent?"
Lemira stared at Hale and said, "Your whole family is ungrateful. Back when you had a criminal record and couldn't find work, it was my parents who took you in as a driver so you could earn a living and support your daughter. And how did you repay their kindness?"
Hearing this, Hale lowered his head in silence.
Lemira grew angrier. "Well? Why don't you answer me?"
"This is all my fault," Hale finally said quietly.
"If you know you're to blame, then do something to make up for it. It was the Sinclair family who bought you off, wasn't it?”
She fixed Hale with a sharp look. "I want you to come forward and testify that the Sinclair family hired you to commit murder. If you do that, Evelina will be safe."
"You managed to trace this all the way back to the Sinclair family?" Hale sounded surprised, but quickly added, "I'll do whatever you ask, but you have to promise to let my daughter go."
Lemira hadn't expected him to agree so readily.
But something still felt off.
She pressed further, "And what about the money?"
"It's gone."
"Gone? You expect me to believe that?"
She studied his expression, clearly unconvinced.
Hale looked like he had given up hope. "After got the money, of course I went gambling with it. My luck was terrible lost everything If won wouldve disappeared long ago. Why else would I still be hanging around here waiting for you to find me?" 
Lemira was left speechless. It was a plausible explanation.
Still, it all seemed a little too convenient.
Would Hale-the wife-beating, gambling addict-really care so much about his daughter? Was he really capable of putting her first?
Lemira left the room and found Orion waiting outside. She said, "I can't shake the feeling that something's not right about Hale. I just can't say what."
"It all went a little too smoothly," Orion agreed.
He'd overheard the conversation between Lemira and Hale. It struck him as odd, too —Hale didn't bargain for anything besides keeping Evelina out of it.
Suspicious, Lemira suggested, "Let's get a paternity test, just to make sure he really is Evelina's father There's always the chance he had plastic surgery. Who knows he's the real person?" 
Orion nodded. "Good idea."
Lemira hesitated, then said, “If that's the case, shouldn't you let Mrs. Amelia go?" With every day Mrs. Amelia remained detained, Orion's mother's anger only grew. "I'll handle it," Orion replied.
After he spoke, Orion looked at Lemira. “The Sinclair family is definitely starting to get suspicious of you. The driver who tried to pick you up earlier was sent by them."
He'd sent people to look into that cab driver, and quickly got results.
Sure enough, it was someone sent by the Sinclair family. Their intent was clear: either take Lemira away for questioning or use her as leverage.
When Lemira learned the Sinclair
family was behind it, she and Orion
were immediately on the same
page. If the Sinclairs were capable of hiring a hitman back then, it was hardly a stretch for them to send a driver to kidnap her now. 
###Chapter 824
She looked at Orion. "As long as Mrs. Amelia returns, this sort of thing shouldn't happen again."
After all, by that time, the Sinclairs would have far greater concerns of their own.
"But we can't let our guard down. The Sinclairs are notoriously petty—they're always quick to hold a grudge. They may wrong others, but no one is allowed to wrong them."
Orion understood the Sinclairs quite well.
Lemira shot him a meaningful look. "You seem to know the Sinclairs pretty well, don't you?"
The man paused for a split second. "I'm not blind. And I'm not the only one who sees them that way."
Lemira averted her eyes. That pretty much settled it—the Sinclairs would surely come for revenge later.
Whether or not they found any real evidence, the Sinclairs would come after the Langstons.
After all, the Langston family was the prime suspect.
Orion met her gaze. "The Sinclairs won't do anything with me here. Don't worry."
"I'm not worried. Once Mrs. Amelia is back, the Sinclairs will realize that the Langstons know about the accident from years ago. And given their petty nature, they'll definitely come after the Langstons. But honestly, I couldn't care less whether the Langston family ends up bankrupt or not."
The Sinclairs had tried to use the Langstons to threaten her before.
It hadn't worked—not even a little. If anything, she'd wanted to applaud.
But now that they had captured Evelina's father, it was the Sinclairs' turn to be afraid.
Lemira looked at Orion. "I'm heading back to campus. I still have class."
"I'll drive you to school. If anything new happens here, I'll let you know."
They left together in the car.
All the way there, Lemira discussed the old case with Orion, insisting they needed to find more evidence—a guarantee that, when the time came, their case in court would be airtight.
When the car pulled up outside the university, Lemira turned to Orion. "I'll go. You should take care of your own business-I can handle this myself."
Orion smiled faintly, the expression reaching his eyes. "This is my business, too."
His voice was calm, but for some reason it made Lemira's face flush.
She coughed lightly, turned, and got out of the car.
As Lemira walked onto campus, she could still feel his gaze lingering behind her.
She couldn't help glancing back. The car was still parked by the curb, its cool and elegant black lines as distant and reserved as the man himself. 
And yet, he always did so much for her, granting her every wish if he could.
A warm glow spread through
Lemira's heart. After everything she'd been through, it meant so much to have someone by her side who never gave up on her. 
If Orion wasn't afraid, what reason did she have to be?
Resolving herself, Lemira headed straight toward her dorm.
Back at the dorm entrance, she noticed someone waiting outside-someone who
looked like a household staff member.
What was going on?
Lemira pushed open the door and
walked in-sure enough, there wase
Awoman elegant and
oking, sat opposite Stella. 
She couldn't help but wonder-was this Stella's relative?
But hadn't Stella's parents both already passed away?
"Lemira, you're back!" Oanice spotted her first and quickly said, "Stella's family is here."
Stella rose to her feet and looked at Lemira. "Let me introduce you. This is Felipa. She just returned from abroad."
Felipa?
Could this be Stella's young stepmother?
The elegant woman stood and turned to Lemira with a warm, gentle smile. "Hello.
I've heard Stella mention you many times."
As soon as Lemira saw the woman's face, her expression shifted.
This woman looked a bit like Evelina.
###Chapter 825
When Lemira suddenly caught sight of a woman who looked remarkably like that "two-faced" girl Evelina, her heart skipped a beat.
Was it really just a coincidence?
She didn't bother to hide the shock on her face. Stella, noticing Lemira's surprise, quickly stepped in to smooth things over. "Felipa, Lemira is one of my closest friends. She's just a bit taken aback to see you here."
Felipa smiled gently. "It's my fault for coming back without warning. I heard what happened here, and I wanted to check on you myself."
That brought Lemira back to her senses.
She glanced at the elegant, young woman, quickly schooling her features. "Stella has mentioned you to me before."
“Has she? It's a pity there's not much I can do to help Stella, but at least being here to see her in person makes me feel better."
With that, Felipa stood up. "Well, I'll head back for now. If there's anything you want to do about the Waverlies, just know that I'll be on your side."
Stella's eyes turned red as she tried to hold back tears. "Thank you, Felipa. I really appreciate it."
"No need for thanks,” Felipa replied softly. "Your brother and I both count on you-in the end, we're only well if you are."
Standing aside, Lemira observed Felipa more closely. On second glance, Felipa didn't actually resemble Evelina that much—maybe just a similarity in their features and eyes, a faint passing resemblance.
After all, it's not unheard of for people to look alike in this world. It really wasn't all that unusual.
Once Felipa finished speaking, she left the dorm.
Lemira walked over to close the door, then turned to Stella. "What brought her back so suddenly?"
She had heard about Stella's young stepmother before-how she had stayed overseas for years with her ailing son, never returning, almost as if she didn't exist. Even during Stella's engagement party, her stepmother hadn't shown up.
And after Stella's falling out with Mrs. Waverly, she hadn't mentioned her stepmother ever again.
For her stepmother to suddenly reappear now did seem odd there must be a reason behind it.
Stella shook her head. "I don't know either."
"How much do you really know about her?" Lemira asked, hesitating for a moment as doubt crept into her thoughts.
Stella looked up. "I know what you're worried about. They do look a bit alike, but I don't think there's a real connection. Felipa has been with my father for many years."
Truth be told, seeing her stepmother just now had startled Stella as well.
After so many years apart, it had been a shock to discover how much Felipa resembled Evelina.
Lemira understood what Stella meant. If Felipa had been married to Stella's father for so long, she was unlikely to have any ties to the Black family.
Lemira recalled the results of their earlier investigation into Evelina: the "two-faced" girls mother came from a poor background and had disappeared after fleeing domestic violence. 
No matter how you looked at it, there was no way Evelina's mother could suddenly
have become the mistress of the affluent Waverly family.
Besides, the Waverlies had a
background in journalism-if anyone could get to the bottom of things, it would be them. If Felipa actually had a connection to the Black family, it would have been exposed by now. 
Finally, Lemira was able to relax.
Standing nearby, Oanice chimed in, "Honestly, was a little freaked out too. For a second I thought she had something to do with Evelina, but guess it was just a resemblance. Happens all the time-even celebrities who lookalike.
sometimes have nothing to do with each other." 
Lemira nodded. "You're right. Maybe I am just overthinking things."
The Black family had always been too cunning for her to ever let her guard down.
Lemira knew she would never truly feel at ease until she saw both the Black family and the Sinclair family behind bars.
###Chapter 826
Here is the revised and polished translation based on your instructions. I have
carefully aligned the tone, flow, and cultural details to make the text engaging and coherent for an American audience, while faithfully reflecting the original meaning
and style.
Stella spoke up. "The Sinclair family has been busy behind the scenes lately, looking into all sorts of things about the Langston family. They must have already caught wind of Evelina's embezzlement and the financial crisis she caused for the Langstons. If so, that's probably what they'll use against you—you need to be careful."
"I'm not too concerned about what happens to the Langston family,” Lemira replied, "because the Sinclairs won't have spare time to mess with anyone soon. Evelina's father was arrested today. He's agreed to turn himself in and testify against the Sinclairs."
Stella's eyes brightened. "That's great news!"
Oanice nodded eagerly. "It's just like they say-justice may be slow, but it always catches up in the end. They finally got what was coming to them."
"Yeah," Lemira replied, but something still didn't sit right with her. She couldn't quite put her finger on it.
Things were happening a little too smoothly.
Evelina's father had agreed to name the Sinclairs without even bargaining for anything in return. That in itself felt odd.
That night, lying in bed, Lemira couldn't stop thinking about it. If only she could remember exactly what happened in that car accident all those years ago. It would save her from worrying whether Hale was lying to her or not.
But no matter how hard she tried, the memories wouldn't come.
It left her feeling defeated.
The next morning, as soon as Lemira got up, Stella brought her some news. "They've found Mrs. Amelia. She's already back at the Sinclair residence."
Lemira wasn't exactly surprised.
Orion had said the day before that he'd let Mrs. Amelia go-their side had Evelina's father now, and the real confrontation with the Sinclairs was only a matter of time.
Stella hesitated for a second, then added, "Sounds like the Sinclair family has called the police. You and Orion should be extra careful.”
Lemira had never mentioned anything about Mrs. Amelia's disappearance, but Stella could easily guess it had something to do with her and Orion.
The Sinclairs themselves hadn't reported anything until now, probably out of guilt or fear. But now that they chose to involve the police, things might really stir up—and that would be bad news for Lemira, too.
Lemira gave Stella a reassuring smile. "Don't worry about it."
"With Orion by your side, I guess I
don't really need to," Stella really
smile shining in her eyes. "Her
looks out for you 
Oanice chimed in curiously, "Lemira, what's going on between you and him anyway? Orion's done so much for you, he's even fallen out with his own family for your sake. I think he's an amazing guy." 
Lemira was quiet for a moment before answering, "I know."
"A guy like Orion-good-looking, devoted, and sincere that's someone you don't want to just let slip away."
Lemira sighed. "It's just... things aren't that simple between us."
"I get what you're worried about, but no one knows what the future holds. Life's short-there's no point overthinking it. Besides, it's not like you couldn't move onut you two ever broke up." 
Oanice grinned, "The Everhart heir is handsome, built, and head over heels for you.
If anything, you'd come out ahead."
And besides, the way he treats Lemira-he's clearly one of a kind.
Lemira glanced at her watch. "We'd better go. We'll be late for class."
She and Oanice headed out together. But just as they reached the building, Dorian suddenly stepped in front of them.
"Lemira," he demanded, "did you have something to do with Evelina's disappearance? Did you lock her up?"
Caught off guard by the accusation, Lemira raised an eyebrow. “You should be
asking the Langston family about Evelina, not me."
"Wait, aren't you part of the Langston family?" Dorian pressed.
"Are you out of your mind?" Lemira shot back. "You know just how bad my
relationship is with the Langstons."
She made no effort to hide her hostility toward them.
She eyed Dorian. “Evelina's married now. Why are you so concerned about her all
of a sudden?"
She'd never taken Dorian for the lovesick type.
Things this extreme never happen without a reason.
What exactly was Dorian up to?
###Chapter 827
Lemira was suspicious of Dorian's behavior; she was certain he had another agenda.
Dorian grew a bit agitated and defensive. "Lemira, I dated Evelina, all right? Even though we broke up, we're still friends. She hasn't come to school at all lately, and nobody can reach her. She's an orphan—who knows what's been happening to her at the Langston estate?"
Lemira looked at him with an icy expression. “So what?"
“So you have to let Evelina come back to school like normal. Your family doesn't have the right to keep her locked away at home."
"Who said we're keeping her locked up?"
Staring at Dorian, Lemira demanded, "Who told you that? And who put you up to this?"
After all, with the way Dorian clung to his mother, there was no way he'd pursue Evelina so persistently on his own. Not after everything that happened at the Waverlies' party, and with all those rumors about Evelina getting married—then supposedly ending up in bed with some older man during the wedding. By all logic, Dorian should want nothing to do with her now.
Dorian's expression grew awkward. "That's none of your concern. But if you're keeping Evelina captive, I'll call the police."
Lemira eyed him with an ambiguous smile. “Guess you haven't heard-Evelina's pregnant."
"Pregnant?" Dorian was visibly shocked.
Lemira continued, "She's expecting and staying at home to rest—it's not that she's being held captive. If you don't believe me, you're free to call the police.”
Without waiting for a response, Lemira left Dorian standing there.
She suspected Dorian's real reason for approaching her was to get Evelina released.
So, who wanted to see Evelina that desperately?
Of course the Sinclair family.
But was it possible the Sinclairs wanted to use Evelina as leverage to stop Hale from talking?
The thought made Lemira uneasy. She immediately called Lucian. "I need to talk to you."
"Lemmy? What's going on?" Lucian sounded surprised that Lemira was reaching
out.
Lemira lowered her voice. "We cannot let Evelina slip away. The Sinclair family is probably eager to use her as a hostage."
"I get it. But did Evelina's father say something?"
"Evelina's father already agreed to turn himself in. But just to be safe, keep a close eye on Evelina if she ends up in the Sinclairs hands, do you really think she'll support the Langstons?" 
Lucian understood Evelina well-she was nothing if not ungrateful. "I understand. I'll have people watch her."
"Good. Make sure you explain this to
Evelina and let a valuablecked by der sote doesn't get tricked by
hostage
through our fingers."
“Don't worry. As long as I'm here, Evelina won't get out of the Langston family's hands," Lucian promised.
He then asked, "So when will you hand her over to the police?"
"When the time comes," Lemira replied, hanging up immediately. She had no intention of sharing more with the Langstons.
It seemed the Sinclairs would be making their move soon.
Lemira headed to class. News of Mrs. Amelia's kidnapping was
spreading rapidly online with pal
posting ever more detailed and sensational rumors. 
Some even claimed that the kidnappers had taken compromising photos of Mrs. Amelia to blackmail the Sinclairs.
Given that Sophia was the preeminent socialite in Orvin, a crisis involving her mother naturally attracted widespread attention.
Lemira was surprised. Who could be spreading this story so wildly?
She messaged Stella, asking if she knew who was behind it.
Soon, Stella replied: "No idea. The Sinclairs are freaking out and keep begging my
aunt to do damage control and bring down the hype."
Lemira immediately thought of one person.
Could this all be Orion's handiwork?
Why did she feel a strange sense of satisfaction about it? Maybe because seeing
her enemies so miserable was, frankly, a little delightful.
###Chapter 828
Didn't Mrs. Amelia always claim she was so well-connected in high society?
Now that she's lost face completely, how could a veteran two-faced socialite like her ever show up in those circles again?
After class, Lemira headed straight for the team's training facility.
She had been so busy investigating Evelina's father lately that she hadn't had any time to manage the team, nor did she participate in the school league matches.
As she walked in, Lemira saw the vice-captain Timothy practicing with the rest of the team. She stood to the side for a while and noticed just how much everyone had improved.
When Timothy looked up and saw Lemira, he stood up, clearly excited. “You made it!"
"I happened to have some free time today, so I thought I'd drop by. I heard the team's been on a winning streak in the league, and the final's tonight, right?”
"Yeah! I actually wanted to ask if you could play, but your roommate said you've been super busy and probably wouldn't be able to make it."
"I'm free tonight, but I haven't trained with you all in a long time. I'll just cheer you on from the sidelines."
She had just watched them practice together effortlessly-they were in sync. It was best if she didn't join in.
"You seem to be in a good mood. Did you finish what you were working on?"
"Yeah, I feel great."
Lemira joined in discussing tactics with her teammates, offering some strategic suggestions for tonight's match.
The match would take place at the stadium that evening.
Lemira headed to the venue with her teammates, all neatly dressed in their
matching red uniforms as they arrived at the stadium.
While waiting backstage, Lemira received a call from Sophia.
She calmly glanced at the caller ID and answered, "Ms. Sinclair, is there something I can do for you?"
“Lemira, your family really has some nerve-how dare you kidnap my mother! The Sinclair family won't let you off the hook this time."
“Ms. Sinclair, you really should have proof when you make accusations. Are yo seriously saying kidnapped your mother? That's pretty funny. Why would I do any such thing?" 
Sophia gritted her teeth. "Don't play dumb."
"I have no idea what you're insinuating. Why don't you explain?"
Just as Lemira took care not to leave anything incriminating in their conversation,
Sophia was equally careful not to say anything she couldn't deny later.
Taking a steadying breath, Sophia continued, "Lemira, you're probably at the stadium right now, aren't you? This is your team's first-ever appearance in the public league. After all this hard work, if you couldn't compete tonight, alt you teammates' efforts would be wasted." 
“So you're threatening me?”
"I'm trying to make a deal with you. If you quietly leave with my people now, I'll make sure your team wins first place. When national recruiters look for talent, they'll definitely Consider the league's final results." 
Lemira listened quietly before giving a cold laugh. "Sorry, but I don't respond to threats."
“Fine, Lemira. I just hope you don't come to regret this."
After hanging up, Sophia's expression turned icy. "Go. Teach that b*** Lemira a lesson."
"Where did you go, Sophia? Mom's had a complete breakdown and is threatening to kill herself no one can get through to her."
Susanna stormed over, fuming. "Who were you just on the phone with? And why does Mom keep insisting it was the Langstons who kidnapped her? What really happened back then?"
"Susanna, just look after Mom. I'll make sure to get justice for her. The Langston family will pay for this-every last one of them."
With a cold face, Sophia left the hospital and said to the person at her side, “Gather everyone and head to the stadium. Block all entrances and exits."
Whatever the Langstons had done to her mother, Sophia was determined to pay them back a hundredfold.
And she would start with Lemira.
###Chapter 829
After hanging up, Lemira turned back toward the lounge, only to find it empty.
What's going on?
Just then, Timothy rushed in, looking anxious. "Lemira, the whole team is missing, and I can't reach anyone."
"Where did they go?"
“A staff member suddenly showed up and said there was an interview. Everyone went. I was in the restroom, but when I went to look for them, there was no one there."
After hearing Timothy's explanation, Lemira immediately guessed who was behind this.
She quickly called Sophia, who answered instantly. Sophia's voice came through crisply, “Ms. Langston, if you've made up your mind, go straight to the main entrance. Someone will be there to pick you up.”
"Ms. Sinclair, you're mistaken. I've already called the police. If the police get a hold of the recording of our conversation, who do you think they'll suspect?" Lemira's voice was cold. “Can the Sinclair family really handle another scandal right now?"
"Go ahead, call the police! You really think the authorities won't find out what your family's been up to?"
Sophia was fuming in her car. This Lemira was tougher than she expected.
How dare she stand up to me like this!
After hanging up, Lemira turned to Timothy. "I'm sorry, this situation is my fault—and it's affecting your match."
"Is this connected to the Sinclair family?"
Timothy had overheard Lemira mention Ms. Sinclair and had heard rumors about her tense relationship with the Sinclairs.
Lemira nodded. "I'll take responsibility for this."
"We're not finished yet. The starting lineup's gone, but the reserves are still here," Timothy said, immediately calling the backup players over. "They were supposed to support us from the sidelines, but now they can compete. With you on the team, we still have a fighting chance."
"Alright, let's get down to planning."
Just as Lemira and the reserves were preparing to go on, the original team
members returned, one after another.
Lemira hurried over. "Are you all okay?"
“We're fine. Wasn't there supposed to be an interview? They took us to a room, then locked us inside."
Timothy said urgently, "But we tried calling-you didn't answer!"
"They said we couldn't have our phones so there'd be no distractions during the interview, so we handed them in. We didn't expect to be. locked in. But just now the doo Suddenly opened so we came right back." 
Lemira could guess why.
Clearly, Sophia had gotten cold feet-she didn't want any more trouble for the Sinclair family.
Right now, all eyes were on them-any small connection to the Sinclairs would immediately be brought into the spotlight.
"It's good you're back. Let's stick to the original match plan," Timothy said.
Lemira hadn't planned to play herself after all.
But once the match started, she noticed something was wrong.
Why was the team's coordination falling apart?
This isn't right.
“Lemira, did you really think victory was in your grasp?"
Sophia suddenly appeared at Lemira's side, wearing a smug smile. "I told you—if you'd just gone along with my people, none of this would have happened. But now, look at what you've done to them."
Lemira watched as their team struggled on stage.
Her lips pressed into a thin, cold line. "Is this all the Sinclair family knows-cheap tricks like these?"
Sophia shot back angrily, "Why act so self-righteous? It's nothing compared to the shady things your family does!"
At that moment, Sophia's hatred
was palpable-she almost wanted to
lash out at Lemira physically. "When
I came to you before, you played
innocent so well. Yet my mother was clearly kidnapped by your family!" 
"You're lashing out wildly like a mad dog-perhaps because you finally learned what your family really did all those years ago? temira replied coolly, unwilling to continue Circling around the topic with Sophia. 
###Chapter 830
She fixed Sophia with an icy stare. “In that case, your family should have gone bankrupt years ago. Isn't that right?"
Sophia's expression shifted. "So you already know, Lemira."
If only she hadn't wasted so much time earlier probing Lemira, who managed to dodge all her questions.
"What else did you expect? The law may be slow, but it never lets anyone escape. Your family was always bound to pay the price."
Lemira's gaze grew sharper as she looked at Sophia. "Don't tell me you're trying to help your criminal mother get off the hook?"
"Lemira, you must be mistaken. My mother did nothing wrong back then. It was just that driver making things up and slandering her."
Of course, Sophia would never admit the Sinclair family's role in the car accident after all these years. Besides, after so much time, who could possibly find any evidence?
Lemira glanced toward the tense scene on stage. "You were either bribing or threatening them, weren't you? That's why the match was rigged."
It made sense now-Sophia had never been generous enough to just let those people go.
Sophia let out a soft, mocking laugh. "And isn't it all because of you that things have ended up like this?"
Lemira held up her phone. "Did your mother ever tell you what exactly she got caught on camera doing?"
Sophia tensed. "Lemira, what do you mean? What did you do to my mother?"
"Why don't you take a guess?" Lemira replied coldly.
Her voice was steely as she stared Sophia down. "Tell your people to stop threatening them—immediately. Otherwise, certain highly compromising photos of your mother will start circulating online. I imagine plenty of folks would be willing to pay for pictures of the mother of the so-called 'number one socialite.""
“Lemira, I can't believe you would stoop this low!"
Sophia put on an outraged expression, as if it was Lemira who had crossed every line.
"Oh please—aren't these tricks all things your family taught me? Where was your conscience when you were scheming?"
Lemira's tone was frosty. "I'll call off the match, but if your people don't do what I say, you already know what the result will be."
With that, Lemira left her seat and went straight to halt the competition.
Sophia was so angry she felt her eyes burn with tears. Damn it. She never imagined the Langston family could be so ruthless!
But she had no choice now. She couldn't risk betting it all and losing.
When Lemira returned to her seat, Sophia spoke up coldly, "Lemira, after all these years, do we really
nave to go down this path and
destroy both our families? Why not sit down and talk things over? Whatever your family wants, we can agree to it." 
"Anything at all?” Lemira's eyes were like ice. “Then I want a debt paid in blood. Can you deliver that?"
Her gaze was ablaze with unrestrained hatred.
“But the dead are gone, Lemira. The living still have to go on. If our families could reconcile, it'd be better for you all, too."
"My parents died with no justice, and
the killer has gotten away all these
years
you really thinkm.
going to let that go? Not a chance." 
Every trace of Lemira's hatred showed openly on her face.
Sophia retorted coolly, "With your family's current status, do you honestly think you
can move against the Sinclair family?"
"When it goes to court, it's not about status—it's about evidence!"
Lemira didn't believe Sinclair's talk of
reconciliation for a moment.
was certain the
claim famould
stop at nothing to wipe out the
Langstons. 
Sophia glanced at her phone, then smiled smugly. “Maybe you're not willing to reconcile, but your brothers seem to feel differently."
Lemira's eyes narrowed. "That's impossible."
“Oh, it's not impossible at all. Asher has already agreed to meet with the Sinclair family."
Sophia's smile grew triumphant. “I heard your family's been short on cash lately. The Sinclairs can help you through these tough times!"
After all, in this world, there's no problem money can't solve.
###Chapter 831
Hearing these words, Lemira was overwhelmed with anger.
How could Asher actually agree to negotiate with the Sinclair family? Was he out of his mind? How could anyone reconcile with the people responsible for the murder of her parents—such a deep and irreparable grudge could never be forgiven.
Still, Lemira knew about the Langston family's financial troubles.
According to what Evelina's father had confessed, all the money had already been squandered through gambling, leaving a persistent gap in the Langston Group's finances.
"Lemira, decisions about the Langston family aren't yours alone to make. Asher is the one with the real authority here."
Lemira replied coldly, "That's too bad for you. I have all the evidence. Once I turn it over to the authorities, do you really think Asher agreeing to a reconciliation will make any difference?"
In a criminal case, reconciliation is meaningless; at best, it might reduce the severity of the sentence, but it can't prevent a conviction.
Sophia's expression didn't improve. She stared at Lemira, asking, "Are you really determined to drag this out until we're both ruined?"
The dead can't come back-so why keep clinging to the past?
“I've already said it: the hatred I bear for the murder of my parents is beyond any chance of reconciliation. I will never make peace with anyone involved."
"Lemira, don't be so absolute. As long as we're alive in this world, there will always be something—or someone we care about. The dead can never be as important as the living."
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "If that's what you truly believe, then once your mother is sentenced to death, I'll be sure to remind you of your own words."
"How can it be the same? My mother is still alive."
How could Lemira's dead parents possibly compare to her living mother?
"Yes, your mother-the murderer-is still alive, while my parents are gone. So are you saying my parents' deaths mean nothing?"
Lemira fixed Sophia with a piercing gaze. "If there's going to be any reconciliation, it will only be after your mother has paid for her crime with her life. Let's see if you can still say those things then."
Typical Sinclair family behavior—Sophia was just like Mrs. Amelia.
In their eyes, the lives of Lemira's parents meant nothing.
Sophia's face was pale with rage. "Well, that's your opinion. But Asher doesn't see things your way. I hope he can be sensible about this."
Having achieved her purpose, Sophia turned and left the stadium directly.
Now, as long as she settled the terms for a deal with the Langston family, everything that followed would be much easier.
After Sophia left, her assistant asked, "Ms. Sophia, are you really planning to reconcile with the Langston family?"
"As if! When have I ever shown
mercy to my enemies? The Sinclairs
might be at a disadvantage right
now, so pretending to make peace is
just a temporary strategy. When all the evidence is destroyed, that's when we'll make our move. 
A cold, calculating smile appeared on Sophia's face.
Did Lemira really think she was interested in reconciliation? Absolutely not. Sophia
was determined to make the Langston family pay.
Lemira sat back down and continued watching the game. Sure enough, after halftime, the team came back reenergized—they quickly turned things around and won the match.
The final was no surprise either-Orvin University easily took the championship in this year's intercollegiate tournament.
Seeing this, Lemira let out a relieved sigh. She would have felt terribly guilty if her situation had affected the team's performance thankfully, everything had turned out alright. 
As everyone was celebrating, Timothy approached Lemira.
Lowering his voice, he said, "The team had a rough start because the Sinclair family threatened them earlier. That's why they played the way they did Please don't blame them." 
FindNovel.net
"I know the Sinclairs put them up to it. If it weren't for me, the Sinclairs would never
have resorted to such underhanded tactics against you guys."
Timothy still looked worried. "But with all these conflicts between you and the Sinclairs, aren't you putting yourself in danger? Shouldn't we go to the police?"
"There's no need to get the police involved. Let's all just pretend nothing happened."
After all, if Sophia was bold enough to orchestrate something like this, she'd definitely already made sure to cover her tracks.
###Chapter 832
Trying to argue about it was pointless.
She also didn't want her teammates dragged into her personal matters.
After the Orvin University Team claimed first place in the league, reporters came to interview them. When it was Lemira's turn, one asked, “Ms. Langston, you didn't participate in this competition. Was there any particular reason?"
"There wasn't any special reason. Our new players have shown remarkable progress, so I decided to give them a chance this time. I also wanted the national team to notice the depth of talent on our squad."
Another reporter followed up, "We've heard that the Orvin University Team has two star players: the captain and the vice captain. The rumor is you two have great chemistry—not just as teammates, but possibly romantically as well. Is that true?" Lemira quickly clarified, “Timothy and I are just classmates and teammates.”
"So, Ms. Langston, are you single?"
Lemira considered for a moment and nodded. "Yes, I'm single."
"Then what's your ideal type, Ms. Langston?"
The moment she heard the question, the image of Orion popped into her mind. She paused and replied, "Someone handsome."
The reporter seemed ready to ask more, but Lemira deftly shifted the conversation elsewhere. She had no interest in wasting time on tabloid gossip.
Once the interview concluded, the team attended a celebratory dinner that night.
Timothy sat down beside Lemira and glanced at her. "Did you break up with your boyfriend?"
After all, Timothy had seen Lemira's tall, wealthy, and handsome boyfriend before with his own eyes.
Lemira looked down and answered coolly, "When did you start getting so gossipy? I heard members of the national team will be joining us for dinner tonight, so let's all try to make a good impression. Your skills speak for themselves."
Lemira had plenty of confidence in her teammates—especially Timothy. His gaming ability was exceptional, and he'd improved rapidly these past few months.
Timothy glanced at Lemira, but swallowed the words he wanted to say.
After all, he felt like he had nothing-compared to Lemira, he was in another league.
Right then, Lemira received a message from Orion: Where are you?
We won the league today, so the school is holding a victory dinner. Did something happen?
Lemira knew Orion wouldn't just reach out to her for no reason. She worried something must be happening with the Sinclair family.
Earlier, Sophia had said that Asher had agreed to a settlement, which left Lemira simmering with anger.
Once this was over, she would absolutely get to the bottom of it.
I'll pick you up later.
After sending the message, Orion watched an interview clip from that afternoon's league, showing the Orvin University Team. He paused when he saw a reporter asking Lemira if she was dating the vice captain. 
Seeing Lemira and the young man standing side by side, Orion pressed his tongue to his cheek in irritation.
Turning to his secretary, he said, “Have someone edit that video. I don't want any tabloid rumors circulating."
"Looks like someone's jealous," his
secretary teased. "But if Lemira ever
figures out who you really are, she'd
never give that vice captain a
second thought." 
After all, Orion was still a legend to many. Even after years of retirement, his reputation lived on.
Orion tossed his phone aside. "I'm not that petty!"
"Then why bother editing the footage?"
Busted.
Orion shot Thaddeus Draven a sharp look. “Any news on the Sinclair family?”
"I heard the Sinclairs invited Asher to
settlement. If Lemon finds out, sho
esupposedly to discuss a
going to be furious Content. 
After all the effort she had put in to gather evidence against the Sinclairs, just when
they could finally be held accountable.
And now the Langston family wanted to settle with them?
Orion's face tightened. "Which restaurant are they meeting at?"
He couldn't allow something like that to happen.
###Chapter 833
During dinner at the restaurant, Lemira excused herself to use the restroom.
By chance, she caught sight of Asher.
Why was he here?
Lemira thought back to what Sophia had mentioned earlier that afternoon-could they be meeting here to discuss some sort of truce?
After a moment's consideration, Lemira decided to follow him.
Sure enough, she soon saw Sophia enter a private dining room as well. Lemira couldn't help the cold smirk that tugged at her lips. Was Asher out of his mind? Choosing this moment of all times to sit down and negotiate with the Sinclairs?
Inside the private room, Sophia addressed Asher directly. "Mr. Langston, let's be frank. Here's a cashier's check-it should be enough to help the Langston Group through this difficult time. Going forward, the Sinclair family is willing to support the Langstons, even partnering on the artificial intelligence project. We could achieve a true win-win."
Asher glanced briefly at the check. The Langston family truly needed cash right now.
Since Evelina had siphoned off the funds, they'd had no luck recovering the money, and the company was already facing a severe financial crunch. If things dragged on any longer, the outcome could be disastrous.
He spoke with an icy tone, "Your family caused the death of my parents, and you expect me to be satisfied with this little bit of money? Do you take me for some beggar?"
“Mr. Langston, if there's anything else you want, please tell me. I'll do all I can to make it right. I truly regret what happened in the past and hope the hatred of our parents' generation doesn't carry over to ours," Sophia replied, her apology sounding sincere and her manner genuinely humble.
Asher noted Sophia's conciliatory posture and his expression softened slightly. “It's only now you apologize-isn't it a little late?"
He'd spent years investigating, never expecting to discover that Mrs. Amelia had orchestrated everything from behind the scenes.
Sophia's eyes filled with sadness. "I'm sorry. I honestly didn't know what really happened back then. When I asked my mother, she said she only wanted to stop your parents. No one imagined the accident would be so serious, resulting in their deaths."
"I understand your anger and grief," she continued, "but the whole thing was orchestrated by the driver. Hez acted on his own, deliberately causing your parents deaths blackmail my mother afterward.
1.n
Over the years, my mother has given
that driver quite a lot of money."
At this, Asher pressed further: "So you're saying the Sinclairs had no responsibility?"
"That's not what I mean," Sophia
replied quickly. "I just want you to know that my mother never wanted your parents killed. It was the driver his own
who deliberately did it for driver
gain. If you could let this go, Mr. Langston, my family would be deeply grateful." 
Sophia's expression grew even more sorrowful and fragile as she gazed at Asher, her voice earnest: "Mr. her
to gain a foothold in Orvin But with thê
Langston, it's not eat net
Sinclair family's support, I truly believe the Langston family could go even further." 
Suddenly, the door burst open with a loud kick and Lemira strode in, her face cold and severe.
"Sophia, your family's practically bankrupt who are you trying to fool with this act?" Lemira said bluntly.
Sophia looked over in shock, her surprise quickly shifting to annoyance as she noticed her bodyguards sprawled unconscious near the entrance. Was Lemira really this skilled?
Turning to Asher, Lemira's gaze was mocking. "Does Lucian know you're here meeting with the Sinclairs?"
Though she disliked the Langston family, Lucian was the only one among them with a level head.
Asher's expression faltered just a moment. “Langston family matters are my business. I don't have to run everything by Lucian.”
"You're lying," Lemira shot back. "That just proves you feel guilty-otherwise you'd have no problem telling him."
She knew Asher all too well. The Langston Group was in deep trouble, and the only way forward was to find an investor. The Sinclair family's offer really could help him through the crisis.
Having been exposed, Asher slammed his palm on the table in frustration. “Lemira, what's with that attitude? This isn't what you think I'm only here to get the truth about what happened all those years ago!"
###Chapter 834
Here is the revised translation, carefully adjusted for accuracy, emotion, and fluency, with consideration for cultural nuance and expressiveness for an American
readership:
"If you wanted to know what happened all those years ago, you could've just asked me. Why sneak around to meet with the Sinclair family? Isn't this just you giving yourself away?"
Lemira's accusation was sharp, leaving Asher feeling embarrassed. "Lemira, this is none of your business!"
"You think I want to get involved? But if you're planning some disgusting deal to make peace with the Sinclairs, then I have to step in."
Lemira was furious. "Asher, weren't you the one who always went on about how someone once saved our parents' lives? Haven't you spent years bringing up their deaths every chance you get? And now you turn around and make a deal with the Sinclairs, just for money? I didn't expect you to be such a phony hypocrite!"
"Lemira, shut up! I only met with the Sinclairs. There was no talk of reconciliation!"
Of course, Asher wouldn't admit the truth now.
He was deeply annoyed with Lemira. Did she have to be so relentless—was she really going to embarrass him like this?
He was her brother, Asher!
Nearby, Sophia watched the siblings argue, the faintest smile flickering in her eyes. This was exactly the result she'd hoped for.
Sophia quickly stepped in to mediate. "There's no need to argue. Lemira, you really have the wrong idea about Asher. He's only here to find out what really happened back then."
Lemira shot her a glare. "The check's still right there on the table. Who do you think you're fooling?"
"Ms. Langston, the check is a gesture of good faith from the Sinclairs. It's true I came to Asher in hopes of a settlement, but he didn't agree to anything. There's no reason for you to suspect him like this—you're brother and sister, after all.”
Sophia had already done her homework on the Langston siblings.
She knew the Langston family, under the mistaken belief that Evelina's father saved Lemira's life, had treated their adopted daughter even better than their own biological child.
It was no secret Lemira had a shaky relationship with her older brothers because of that.
Sophia saw this as her opportunity.
Hearing Sophia say this, Asher's
expression relaxed a little. "That'et
right. Why would I ever agree to reconcile? temir you really don't think much of me." Gontent 
Sophia turned to him. "Mr. Langston, I do hope you'll at least consider my proposal. After all, both our families were victims here we both got played by that driver. 
Asher went quiet for a moment. “I'll think about it.”
Lemira turned toward him. "What do you mean?”
She wasn't quite following Sophia's words.
Sophia's lips curled into a subtle smile. “Ms. Langston, you can ask Asher about it. I'll leave you two to talk."
She had no intention of explaining further—she'd rather let the siblings argue. "Wait-take your check with you!"
Lemira wanted nothing to do with anything from the Sinclairs. It turned her stomach.
Sophia turned back with a pleasant smile. "Think of it as the Sinclairs' way of making amends. You really don't need to worry. The Sinclairs just surfcerely want to help Mr. Langston through these tough times. There's no need to feel any sort of burden." 
Asher hadn't expected Sophia to respond like that.
With a cold snort, Lemira grabbed the check, tore it into pieces, and tossed them
right at Sophia. “Take your filthy money—I don't want it!"
Sophia's smile faded a touch. She glanced at Asher. "I'll be awaiting your reply, Mr. Langston."
With that, she turned and walked away.
Lemira stood rooted in place, feeling a chill run through her.
She turned back to Asher. "Don't think I don't know you were tempted!"
Asher stared at the shredded check on the floor. "The Sinclairs owe this to our family. Why shouldn't we take it?"
"That's blood money for our parents' lives! How could you even consider accepting
it?"
###Chapter 835
Lemira glared at Asher, her voice sharp with anger. "Would you dare say things like that in front of Mom and Dad's portraits?"
"Lemira, spare me your self-righteousness."
Asher pulled out a chair and slumped into it, looking utterly defeated. "You have powerful connections-everything is easy for you. But I'm not like you. Do you have any idea how many obstacles I've faced running this company all these years?"
Lemira remained where she was, unfazed. “You didn't have to start a company at all. With the inheritance Mom and Dad left behind, you could live more than comfortably for the rest of your life. In the end, you're driven by your own ambition- don't blame them for it."
"I did all this to uncover the truth about the car accident."
"And now that you have, you want to take money from the Sinclair family. Stop pretending otherwise."
Lemira fixed her eyes on Asher. "I know how arrogant and self-important you are, how hypocritical and quick to judge. But I never thought you'd abandon even basic self-respect when it came to our parents' deaths."
"How much is self-respect worth?" Asher's eyes turned icy. "The Langston Group is in financial crisis. You found that driver but won't share any information with me-did you really expect me to just sit here, doing nothing?"
"So you believe what Sophia said? That everything was the driver's idea, and the Sinclair family had nothing to do with it?"
"I'm not so na?ve as to take Sophia at her word. But I want to investigate for myself. Give me access to that driver."
Asher had waited long enough. The Langston Group didn't have much time left-he was desperate to find out what happened to the missing money, and if there was any chance of getting it back.
Lemira looked at Asher. "The money is gone. He gambled everything away. Back then, the driver was already deep in debt from gambling-that's why Mrs. Amelia was able to buy him off so easily."
"As if I'd just take your word for it," Asher shot back. "You've never cared what happens to my company-you'd be glad to see it fall apart, wouldn't you?"
Skeptical, Asher eyed her. "If you're telling the truth, then I need to hear it from the driver himself."
"At the moment, you don't have that privilege."
,
When Lemira moved to leave the private suite, she was blocked by a group of bodyguards in black suits She glanced at them there were more than a handful. It wouldn't be easy for her to fight her wayout alone. 
Asher stood up. "Lemira, you've got two choices. Either you take me to see that driver yourself, or I'll have you taken there against your will."
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "You're mistaken. Even if you tie me up, you still won't find him."
"Don't think you can act so high and
mighty just because you're my
sister!" Asher snapped, his eyes burning, close to tears of rage. If you were anyone else, I'd have a hundred ways to take you down!" 
Dealing with a woman should've been easy-except this was Lemira. He couldn't bring himself to use any of those dirty tricks on her.
Lemira stood her ground, her expression calm and unreadable. "And yet, haven't you tried plenty of ways to get your way with me, ever since we were kids?"
Asher clutched his chest, anger
almost physically painful. "Lemira, I told you never intended to reconcile with the Sinclairs, just wanted to negotiate. Don't fall for their tricks!" 
“But I can see you're wavering. You want the money, don't you?”
Lemira wasn't blind-how could she not know?
Enraged, Asher lunged forward and grabbed Lemira by the throat. "This is my business-not yours!"
"Let her go!"
A cold, commanding voice rang out. Before Asher could even process what was happening, he was punched hard in the face and recoiled in pain, releasing Lemira.
She fell into a broad, warm embrace and looked up to see the handsome, familiar features of someone who made her feel, inexplicably, that everything would be all right.
###Chapter 836
Orion entered.
He reached out, pulling Lemira protectively into his arms. The look he shot at Asher was icy, sharp as a blade from the coldest polar regions.
Orion's voice was low and steely. "I warned you before-don't come near her again."
Asher's face registered shock at Orion's arrival, then shifted to something far more complicated. As a man, he could see clearly just how much Orion cared for Lemira.
Who would have imagined that the illustrious Everhart heir could fall for his own sister?
Unfortunately, his own sister couldn't stand him.
Asher wiped blood from the corner of his mouth. "Lemira is my real sister. Who do you think you are, anyway?"
His answer came in the form of a fist-fast and punishing.
Reeling from the blow, Asher bent over, clutching his nose, obviously struggling through the pain.
Lemira stood right beside Orion, seeing his swift and ruthless attack with her own eyes.
Orion took a step forward, fixing Asher with a glare. "Lemira is mine. If any of you lay a finger on her again, I swear your family will never be able to set foot in Orvin again!"
Asher let out a humorless laugh, blood trickling between his fingers as he looked up. "Impressive, aren't you, the mighty Everhart heir!" he sneered. "You've found yourself quite the powerful protector, Lemira. You win.
All my years of hard work, and it's nothing compared to a woman who can hook up with someone more powerful. If I were a woman, maybe I'd have found out the truth about that car accident years ago."
Lemira slapped him hard across the face.
Her tone was glacial. "That was for Mom and Dad."
Asher seethed. “Am I wrong? Without Orion, how could you have uncovered the truth so quickly? What could you possibly use to take on the Sinclair family?"
Orion bit back. “Lemira didn't rely entirely on me. She's far more capable than any of you ever imagined."
"Mr. Everhart," Asher scoffed, "don't give me that. If you hadn't backed
with our family right after her exams? 
SD 2x would she have dared to break
"Asher, the truth is, it's you all who can't let go of Lemira-not the other way around." Orion's patience was wearing thin, Asher's words rankled deeply 
The real facts were out in the open now-Evelina's father was the one who orchestrated the car crash
noneiof it had anything to do with
Lemira: 
How could the Langston family still treat her this way?
Asher lowered his head, his whole face unreadable.
Seeing his agitation, Lemira spoke. "You want to see Evelina's father, don't you?"
Asher stilled. "Yes."
Lemira nodded. "Fine, I'll take you to him."
Orion didn't interfere, but he did have someone blindfold Asher, making sure he wouldn't know their destination.
During the drive, Asher sat in silence in the backseat, lips tightly pressed shut.
Lemira turned to glance at Orion, wanting to ask why he'd come-but with Asher present, she kept silent.
Over half an hour later, the car came to a stop.
Asher was led inside.
Lemira stepped forward, removing his blindfold. “He's down in the basement.”
Asher looked up at the basement door, then strode inside just as expected, there was a man tied to a chair.
The resemblance to the sketch Evelina had described was unmistakable; Asher recognized him instantly.
He immediately lunged forward, grabbing the man by the throat. "Do you remember me?"
###Chapter 837
Seeing that Asher looked ready to kill the driver, Lemira rushed in to stop him.
Before she could get close, Orion held her back.
Orion ordered his men to pull Asher aside, but Asher struggled against them, his eyes blazing with fury as he glared at the driver. "I'm going to kill you!"
Hale, having narrowly escaped death, gasped for air. For a moment, he truly thought his life was over.
He had no doubt that Asher wanted him dead.
After all, it was he who had caused the death of Asher's parents.
Lemira looked at Asher, visibly angry. "What are you doing? Have you lost your mind? He's our key witness! If anything happens to him, what will we use against the Sinclair family?"
Lemira had endured for so long, waiting for the day she could finally catch Evelina's father-only then could she openly confront the Sinclair family.
She never imagined Asher would do something so reckless.
If anything happened to Evelina's father, all her years of planning would vanish overnight.
Asher was still consumed by hatred, his eyes locked on Hale. "All these years, every time something went wrong at the company, every time we were pushed to the brink, I wanted nothing more than to kill the man who caused my parents' deaths!"
If not for that tragedy, his life wouldn't have been so unbearably hard all these years. Now he knew his parents' deaths weren't an accident, but the result of a driver who had been paid off. The desire to make this man suffer overwhelmed him.
He wished he could tear him apart.
Hale finally caught his breath, a burning pain spreading from his neck. He looked at Asher and said, "It's been a long time, Mr. Langston."
"Shut up. You don't deserve to call me that! My parents took you in out of kindness, but in the end, they saved someone unworthy. You're the one who killed them.”
Asher's eyes were bloodshot, filled with murder.
"Mr. Langston,+ was always a gambler. I was grateful to your parents for taking me in, and I truly wanted to change. But then the Sinclair family set me up, and
deep into debt. I had no choice but
to do what they said."
Asher glared at him, his voice sharp. "You killed my parents. Did you really think the Sinclairs would spare you?"
"Mr. Langston, your family was good to me. I would never have wanted to harm them."
Lemira fixed her eyes on him. "Then explain why my parents are dead."
"The Sinclairs only ordered me to stall your parents-I knew their real goal was to stop them from
attending the bidding conference
thought if I just hurt them a little, that would be enough. I never expected the Sinclair family would go so far.” 
1
At this, Lemira looked at him coldly. "So, what are you saying now? Trying to lay all the blame on the Sinclair family?"
For some time, even though Evelina's father had agreed to testify, he had refused to speak about what had happened that day, insisting that he would only talk at the police station.
Lemira understood that Hale was afraid that, once he spoke out and lost his usefulness, he'd be silenced for good.
Hale seemed to realize something, lowered his head, and said quietly, “It was all the Sinclair family's doing. I was just a man paid to do a job. I never intended to get your parents killed."
"Tell me, who was the other driver who died that day? Was he working with you or with the Sinclair family?"
Lemira remembered there was someone else who died in the car that day. They had all believed it was Evelina's father, but only years later did they learn the truth.
Hale kept his head down, refusing to answer.
Lemira gave a cold laugh. "You
know, the Sinclair family has a story
much like yours. They say they never
meant to kill my parents—that it was you who did it on purpose, so you Could blackmail them f?r more" money. 
FindNovel.net
So, tell me—when the time comes, who do you think the judge will believe?" Whether it was the Sinclair family or Hale, neither was likely telling the whole truth.
###Chapter 838
Here is a thoroughly edited and refined version of your translation, following your instructions for cultural adaptation, accuracy, and language fluency:
When Lemira said this, Hale looked up in anger. “The Sinclairs are lying. After all, I was the Langston family's driver. Your parents treated me well-why would I ever agree to harm the Sinclairs, let alone commit murder? This is such a serious crime —what good would money be to me if I couldn't even live to spend it?"
As Lemira listened to Hale, she thought, "Perfect—a fight among thieves." This was a golden opportunity.
"But according to the Sinclairs, you're the main suspect. And all these years, you've been blackmailing Mrs. Amelia for so much money. That alone gives credibility to what they're saying," Lemira pressed.
She caught the flash of panic in Hale's expression was something hidden beneath the surface after all?
Orion looked steadily at Evelina's father. "You have to tell us the truth about what really happened back then-and you need to provide proof that it was the Sinclairs who hired you to kill. That's your only shot at survival. Otherwise, considering how the Sinclairs handle things, do you really think you'll make it out alive?"
Orion's words hit home. After years dealing with the Sinclairs, Hale understood all too well what kind of people they were.
Orion continued coldly, "Hand over the evidence you have."
"I don't have any evidence," Hale replied.
"If you have no evidence, how is it you've been able to blackmail the Sinclairs for all these years? Why would they quietly pay you and never try to get rid of you?"
That simply didn't add up.
"Unless Hale is holding onto something-proof strong enough to sink the entire Sinclair family. That would be the only reason they've swallowed their pride and paid up year after year."
But Lemira saw that Hale kept his mouth firmly shut, clearly unwilling to reveal anything.
"If he won't talk, let me at him," Asher said, venom lacing his voice. Years of pent-up resentment boiled over, impossible to suppress.
Lemira thought, if this man landed in Asher's hands, he'd be lucky to make it out alive.
She cut Asher off at once. “No. I only agreed to let you speak with him, nothing more."
Asher protested, unwilling to back down, "Lemira, there's no way you can make him reveal where the evidence is. Let me handle this—you can't do it, but I can.”
Lemira regarded him coolly. "The real reason you want to talk to him is to find out what happened to the money he and Evelina stole from you, isn't it?"
“I already told you, didn't I?” Hale shot back. “I lost all of it gambling. It's gone.”
Hearing that, Asher rushed forward and kicked Hale viciously. "Do you think I won't kill you? You murdered my parents, and then teamed up with Evelina to steal my money?"
How could someone be so utterly shameless?
Hale shrugged, "What could I do? I was desperate-every penny the Sinclairs gave me got lost at the casinos Thad no choice but to ask Evelina for help I never imagined shed embezzle company funds for it that's on her, not me." 
Hale hurled all the blame at Evelina without a hint of hesitation.
Asher gritted his teeth, face full of rage. “You're lying!"
Orion quietly gestured for his men to restrain Asher and remove him from the room.
Lemira's glare sharpened as she
fixed her gaze on Hale. "Didn't you keep insisting, as long as Evelina was safe, you'd cooperate and testify against the Sinclairs at the police station? But just now, you acted like you couldn't care less whether she lives or dies 
There was something off about his story.
Hale frowned, protesting quickly,. "Who says I don't care? As long as my daughter's alright, fl cooperate go to the police, even testify against the Sinclairs-what more do you want me to do?" 
Lemira's eyes narrowed, her voice icy. “You're lying."
###Chapter 839
Lemira looked at Hale. "You're still hiding something from me, aren't you?"
"Believe it or not, that's up to you. If you don't believe me, there's nothing more I can do."
Lemira didn't get angry; instead, her suspicion deepened all the more proof that there was something secretive going on between the Sinclair family and Hale. Orion's eyes were cold and sharp as he stared at Hale. "Where did you hide the evidence?"
"If you take me to the police station, I'll talk. But here? I'm not saying a word."
Lemira gave Hale another look, her doubts growing stronger. He was definitely keeping something from her.
"But if you refuse to tell the truth, then I'll have no choice but to work with the Sinclair family. In that case, you'll take the fall for murder and end up with the death penalty. All those secrets you're carrying will die with you."
Just as she finished, Hale lost his composure-exactly as Lemira had expected.
She stepped forward, her gaze icy and unyielding. "Speak!"
Lemira had anticipated this. The only reason Hale agreed to surrender to the police was because, in his version of events, the Sinclairs orchestrated everything and he'd never intended to murder the Langstons.
By law, that would mean he'd avoid the death penalty-he'd just serve some time before eventually getting out.
That was Hale's plan all along.
But if the Sinclairs' account was accepted-if Hale took full responsibility-then he'd be facing execution.
Of course Hale didn't want to die. If he were dead, all the secrets and schemes he'd been holding onto would be worthless.
And gamblers like him never risk their own lives.
Hale showed his anxiety. "But if you side with the Sinclairs, your parents will never be avenged. It was the Sinclairs who bribed me they wanted me to harm your parents."
"But the Sinclairs claim they only instructed you to injure my parents and stop them from attending the bidding. They say you killed them. You're the murderer."
"No, they're lying! The Sinclairs made it clear from the start-they wanted your parents dead. I was the one who hesitated because of how kind they were to me. I tried to spare them."
"But my parents died anyway."
Hale paused, then replied, "It was all
the Sinclairs fault. I didn't expect
their plan to be so thorough. I wanted to save your parents, but failed They even tried to kill me afterwards, to silence me I've been hiding ever since." " 
"So, that means it wasn't you driving my parents' car that night, was it?"
Evelina's father was silent.
Lemira pressed on. "The person driving must have worn a mask-a mask of your face-tricking my parents. That person was your accomplice."
"That's right. He was my
accomplice. But I never imagined the Sinclairs had also tampered with the car itself. The explosion is what Killed your parents, and my accomplice died with them." 
"You'll have to prove it. Is that the evidence you've been using to blackmail the Sinclairs all these years?"
Hale's expression grew clouded; he seemed to realize he had let something slip, just enough for Lemira to see through him.
After that, no matter how much Lemira pressed, Hale refused to say another word.
Lemira turned to Evelina's father and asked, "One last question-was there someone else in the back seat of the Singlairs car that night? You had to be there. You must have seen them." 
She had spent years investigating, and still hadn't figured out the identity of the person in that car.
When Orion heard her question, he stood frozen in place, as though waiting for a final verdict.
Hale looked up at Orion. Under the lights, Orion's features were shrouded in shadow, making his expression unreadable.
A faint, almost mocking smile flickered on Hale's lips. "I don't know."
This driver was turning out to be anything but easy to deal with.
###Chapter 840
Lemira knew she wouldn't get anything more out of him, so she left the basement with Orion.
After thinking it over, Lemira spoke up: "I think the evidence must have something to do with that car. The Sinclair family tampered with it."
Plus, now that Hale works at an auto repair shop, he must be very familiar with cars.
Orion nodded, recalling the scene of the crash. He said, "Of course, the driver wasn't found dead inside the car, but at the door-as if he'd gone back to retrieve something, but didn't make it out before the explosion."
"Is it possible that what the driver went back for was the evidence? Or maybe he planned to destroy it, but didn't expect the car to explode so quickly?"
Lemira was sure that Evelina's father wanted to get some dirt on the Sinclair family to use as leverage against them.
"That makes sense. Evelina's father must have been at the scene at the time, and after the driver was dead, he would have had the chance to take the evidence."
Lemira nodded. "You're right. Things are starting to look much clearer now."
Orion glanced at her. "But do you actually believe what they said?"
"I don't. I think they're just shifting blame to avoid responsibility. I'm not going to let a single one of them get away with this."
Lemira glanced back at the basement, her voice cold: "An eye for an eye. Justice demands a price, and I'll make every one of them pay."
Orion's gaze darkened, and his hand, hanging at his side, slowly curled into a fist.
"But I think the evidence Hale has isn't just about someone tampering with our parents' car. It probably also involves the person who was sitting in the back seat of the Sinclairs' car."
Orion still couldn't be sure if Hale recognized him.
But judging by Hale's expression a moment ago, Orion guessed that Hale was most likely using this matter to blackmail the Sinclair family.
"If that's the case, there isn't other evidence. If it's only someone's testimony without any physical proof, the Sinclair family might be able to evade legal punishment."
Orion thought it over; that was definitely possible.
He realized he'd have to find a way to talk to Hale privately. If Hale knew he was the one in the back seat of.
the cat why hasn't he gelled,
the Sinclair called. him out on it before? There must be
a reason. 
FindNovel.net
Maybe that's the breakthrough they needed—to test Hale's real intentions and find out exactly what kind of evidence he holds.
Lemira and Orion returned to the main hall. Asher was sitting on the sofa, looking
sour.
Lemira said, "Well, you've seen him now, and you've heard him admit that your money was lost gambling, not taken by me. Isn't that right?"
"I know. You don't need to repeat yourself." Asher sounded annoyed, still not quite able to accept that the money was truly gone.
Asher glared at Lemira. “But what the Sinclair family said and what the driver said are completely different. Who was it that actually wanted to have our parents killed?”
"They're all in it together. Do you seriously believe anything they say?"
Lemira eyed Asher, realizing that all he really cared about was the money Hale had stolen.
"Asher, if you don't believe them, then why did you say you wanted to work with the Sinclairs earlier? What did you get out of him—what proof?"
Asher clearly wanted the truth as well.
Lemira's mouth curled into a cold, mocking smile. “And why should I tell you?"
She looked at Asher with chilly indifference. "I don't owe you any explanations only promised to let you meet Evelina's father so you'd finally stop holding out hope." 
"You have no right to decide that!"
Lemira stared at Asher. “You've spent all these years raising Evelina like she's the center of your world. Hale had to have known, and who knows how many times he laughed at you behind your back." 
Asher's face flushed red with anger. "Go on, say that again. I dare you."
###Chapter 841
Here is the revised translation, with careful attention to emotional tone, cultural nuances, and English fluency, while adhering to your instructions and original meaning:
Lemira saw Asher's eyes, red and wild with fury—it was as if he could tear someone apart.
Her gaze was heavy with biting sarcasm.
She let out a cold laugh. "Did I say anything wrong? From what Evelina's father just said, it seems that it was your idea to hire a man with a criminal record as Mom and Dad's driver. Quite the accomplishment, isn't it?”
Lemira stepped forward, locking eyes with Asher. "If it hadn't been for you, our parents never would have kept Evelina's father on as their driver. None of what followed would have happened. In the end, you're the one who got them killed! The person who pushed them into the abyss was you, Asher!"
Orion's voice was like a blast of cold air, his words sharp as knives. "All these years, people have insisted that Lemira was to blame for your parents' misfortunes, when in fact it was you—you set everything in motion, and you've never had the courage to admit it!"
"No, I didn't! Don't make things up!"
Asher, shaking with anger, could barely contain himself. He stumbled, a sickly, coppery taste rising in his throat. After a few faltering steps, his strength gave out. He coughed up a mouthful of blood and collapsed, completely unconscious.
Watching this, Lemira was overcome by a swirl of conflicting feelings.
Those cold, cruel words were like a blade, stabbing right into Asher's heart.
Even someone as selfish and hypocritical as Asher couldn't withstand the sudden onslaught of guilt and rage, and ended up passing out.
Orion glanced at Lemira. "You don't need to feel guilty. He spent all these years blaming you, turning all your brothers against you. But in reality, it was his actions that led to your parents' deaths, not yours. Someone so selfish and hypocritical doesn't deserve to be your brother-you don't need to treat him like family."
A mocking smile flickered across Lemira's lips. "I only just discovered that Evelina's father became our family's driver all because of Asher."
But Asher had never told anyone he'd kept this hidden for years.
How ironic.
She'd spent a lifetime trying to win her brothers' approval, giving everything for them -yet look at who they turned out to be.
It was almost laughable.
Lemira glanced at Asher lying on the ground. "Take him to the hospital, before he dies here and causes more trouble."
She hadn't expected Asher to be so worked up that he'd actually cough up blood.
Orion made arrangements for someone to take Asher to the hospital. Lemira gave him one last look and said, "I'm going to the hospital, too."
"Why are you going to the hospital?"
"There are some things I want to make clear with the Langston family.& don't trust Asher to handle this. And if this ends up in court, we'll need the Langstors to step forward." 
Lemira looked up at Orion, who seemed troubled, his brow furrowed.
She asked, "The Sinclairs haven't given you any trouble, have they?"
After all, Mrs. Amelia had already been released.
Orion answered quietly, “No, my mom didn't tell the Sinclairs that it was me."
"That's a relief."
Lemira turned and got into the car, heading with the others to the hospital. Once Asher was admitted to the emergency room, Lemira waited outside.
It wasn't long before Lucian hurried over. "Lemmy, how's Asher?"
“He coughed up blood from sheer anger. He'll probably be fine.”
Evander came rushing over in his wheelchair. “Lemira, what's with that attitude? You made Asher so angry he felt ill, and now you act like nothing happened? What did you do to him?" 
Lemira replied coldly, "Maybe you should start by asking what Asher did!"
"Lemmy, what did Asher do? Why did you go out together today?"
"Lucian, did you know Asher went to see the Sinclairs? He was actually planning to agree to a settlement with them."
Lucian's face changed instantly. “No way. Asher would never do that."
"I saw it with my own eyes."
Lucian's expression darkened. “If that's
I'd bet it has to do with et
the Langston Group's missing
funds." g
FindNovel.net
Evander cut in, “Lemira, that money has to be with you-stop pretending."
Lemira looked up calmly. “I know you suspect me. That's why I brought Asher with me to meet Evelina's father."
###Chapter 842
Here is your polished and culturally adapted English version, faithful to the original Chinese text and fully edited for clarity, fluency, and American publishing standards.
Lucian stared in shock. “Really? Then why is Asher like this now?"
"It's because he found out what he wanted to know-and that's what did this to him."
Had Evelina's father said something that made Asher cough up blood and faint? What kind of news could be so cruel that Asher couldn't bear it?
From what Lucian knew about Asher, for him to get so angry he coughed up blood, it must have been something truly extraordinary.
Lucian looked cautiously at Lemira. "What did he say, exactly?"
Lemira met his gaze. "Wait until he wakes up—you can ask him yourselves."
When her eyes landed on Evander, her brows furrowed. "Why are you here? Where's Evelina?"
"Eve's getting her prenatal checkup. Why do you care? This doesn't concern her.”
Lemira's expression darkened. "I told you to keep an eye on Evelina. Don't let her out of your sight. Are you deaf?"
"Lemira, what's with your attitude? It's just a checkup-not a big deal. There's someone with her!"
Evander didn't see what the fuss was about.
But Lemira stepped forward and pushed Evander's wheelchair. "Go find her!"
The Sinclair family had been circling, just waiting for a chance to take Evelina—that way, they could use her to threaten Hale.
No one could be sure how much Hale truly cared for Evelina, but as long as they had her, they had leverage.
"Lemira, let go! You're being paranoid again, thinking everyone's out to get you. Evelina isn't going anywhere!"
But Lemira wasn't convinced. She had a bad feeling.
Lucian hurried over as well. “Lemmy, calm down. I made sure there were
bodyguards with them. Nothing's happened the past few days."
"But Evander hasn't left her side before. This time it's different."
Lemira wouldn't be at ease until she saw Evelina with her own eyes.
They all went straight downstairs to the OB/GYN department.
When Lemira saw there was no one standing guard outside, her heart dropped. Her uneasy feeling had come true.
She rounded on the group. "Where are the people who were supposed to be watching her?"
"I don't know. They were still out here when I came up. Maybe they went outside with Evelina for some air."
Now even Evander looked bewildered. This wasn't right.
Lemira rushed into the consultation room-only the doctor was there. Evelina was gone.
She asked, "Where's the pregnant woman who was just here for her appointment?"
“She left right after the checkup. It hasn't been long at all," said the doctor, equally confused.
Lemira's face darkened even further. She came back out and turned to Exander “If Evelina's run off youd. better start thinking about how you'll explain this to Mom and Dad." 
Evander was too guilty to answer.
Lucian barked, “Why are you just standing there? Call Evelina!"
Evander quickly pulled out his phone, only to go pale. "It's turned off."
Lucian exploded. "What good are you? You can't even keep track of one person!"
"Lucian, even if I'd left, your
bodyguards were supposed to be with Evelina. If someone really meant to take her away, there's nothing I could've done." 
Evander was desperate not to be blamed for Evelina's disappearance.
Lemira looked at Lucian. "Send
Bu
elet
people to search the area. If she just
ran
she can't have gone far
Freally worry abou
is
What really worried her was that the Sinclair family had come and taken Evelina.
If that was the case, finding her would be impossible.
Lucian immediately started organizing a search for Evelina.
He turned to Lemira. “Do you think the Sinclairs were behind this?"
Evander jumped in, "Lucian, you have to figure out a way to save Evelina—she's pregnant with my child!"
Lemira snorted. "If it really is the Sinclairs, they're counting on us not going to the police and handling this quietly."
Evander blurted out, "Then let's handle it quietly."
###Chapter 843
Here's your revised and polished English translation. I've carefully compared the original Chinese text and your provided translation, making necessary cultural, linguistic, and stylistic adjustments for American readers. The plot, emotional tone, and cultural adaption are maintained as requested.
"Settle this privately?"
Lemira could hardly believe Evander could say something so low and shameless.
Without even thinking, she raised her hand and slapped him hard across the face. "Say that again, if you dare!"
She never imagined Evander could be so utterly brazen.
Evander protested indignantly, "It's just a temporary measure! Once we get Evelina back, we can always go back on our word, can't we? After all, the decision is in our hands the Langstons'."
How could Lemira not understand what he meant?
Lemira gave a cold laugh and turned to Lucian. "He sounds exactly like Asher did when he was willing to make peace with the Sinclair family. One only cares about money, the other about having heirs. But the two of you-neither of you ever thinks about our parents, who died so unjustly. The Sinclairs killed them, and as a result the Langston family has struggled all these years. Don't you feel the slightest urge for revenge? Don't you want to see the murderers brought to justice?"
But both of them kept wavering, torn between their own interests and the idea of revenge.
Lucian, too, was infuriated by Evander's words.
He said, "Lemmy, I'm just as angry as you. But I promise you, as long as I'm here, I'll never let that happen."
Lemira looked at him with a sneer. "You've made that promise a thousand times, and every time, something goes wrong."
Honestly, Lucian's solemn vows meant nothing to her anymore.
“Lucian, are you just going to stand by and watch our family line die out? I know revenge matters, but can't we figure out a safer plan to rescue Evelina first?"
After all, after these long years, waiting a day or two for Evelina wouldn't make such a difference.
"Enough! How dare you say that? Didn't I warn you over and over to stay with Evelina 24/7, to never let her out of your sight? Look what happened because you didn't listen!"
Evander immediately looked guilty. "Lucian, I know I didn't think everything through this time. But as soon as I heard something happened to Asher, I rushed over to check on him. I didn't expect Evelina to just vanish in such a short time."
He couldn't be blamed for that, right?
Lemira shot him a frosty glance, her tone biting. "All these excuses just to cover up your own mistake."
“Lemira, what do you want me to say? What's done is done. What else can I do? If the Sinclairs really took her, whether I was there or not wouldn't have changed anything."
Lemira let out a scornful laugh.
outa
"With attitudes like yours, you still expect me to hand over Evelina's father? The moment you know where he is the Sinclairs will find out, too. Before we even get him to the police, both he and Evelina will end up in the Sinclairs' hands. Then how do you plan to get revenge?" 
"You're exaggerating. This only happened because we were careless. Besides, the Sinclairs have way more influence in Orvin than the Langstons ever could they want to do something what can we really do to stop them?" 
Evander felt Lemira was just trying to shift the blame onto him.
He was a disabled man-how could he possibly stop the Sinclairs?
"Lemmy, Evander isn't completely wrong. If the Sinclairs were truly determined to take Evelina, it would be almost impossible for us to guard against them.” Lemira found it laughable.
She looked up, her voice icy. "So now you're saying that too? Perfect. Fine. From now on, don't expect me to tell you anything more about revenge."
She realized she should never have placed any hope in the Langston family.
She'd thought that when it came to getting justice, they'd at least show some reliability.
"Lemmy, don't get upset. Now's not
the time to let ourselves fall
apart-we need to stick together.
Why don't you go talk to the Everhart heir and ask him for help? Have him
took intout and confirm if Evelina really is in the Sinclairs' hands?" 
Lemira stared at Lucian in disbelief. "Weren't you the one who looked down on him
for not being rich? And now you have the nerve to ask him for help?"
Where was his shame?
Lucian's expression turned complicated. "I know Asher and I misjudged him in the past. But he hasn't held it against you. Things are urgent now we can't afford to care about that anymore."
Please let me know if you need the text in a different format or have any additional requests!
###Chapter 844
Revenge takes priority, after all.
With the Orion connection, we'd be foolish not to leverage it.
"I really underestimated just how shameless the Langstons could be. If we can't get Evelina back, you'd better figure out how you'll explain this to our parents in the grave."
Lucian fell silent for a moment. “I promise you, I will get this resolved. I've already sent people out to look for her; I believe we'll hear something soon. If the Sinclair family was behind this, they'll likely reach out to us before long.”
"You sound awfully sure of yourself."
"Evelina's father is still in our custody. If the Sinclairs want to make peace, they'll have to come to us and negotiate.”
Lemira gave a cold snort. "Lucian, you've certainly thought this all through, haven't you?"
When it comes to exploiting situations, the Langston family's minds always work fast.
"Lemmy, like it or not, we're all in the same boat now. When the time comes, we have to stand together."
Lemira retorted icily, "Well, I don't give a damn about anyone who doesn't matter. Don't come to me with any ridiculous demands."
Evander turned to Lucian and said, “No matter what happens, you have to protect the baby Evelina is carrying. You know how much that child means to me."
"Evander, you're being ridiculous. However important that child is, is it more important than getting justice for our parents? Don't forget, you lost your legs because of that car accident! If our parents had landed that deal, the Langston family's status would have skyrocketed-who would have dared mess with you then?"
Evander was silent for a moment before saying, "What's done is done. I'm already crippled, and I don't care-I want that child. If Mom and Dad were still alive, I believe they'd understand me."
Lemira, now fuming, glared at Evander. "You might as well just be dead, then."
Lucian also recognized how serious things had gotten. He never expected Evander to be this blind to reality.
He gave Lemira an apologetic look. "I'm to blame for this too. I should have had more people watching over Evelina-maybe then none of this would've happened."
And he shouldn't have put so much trust in Evander, either.
Lemira ignored Lucian. She walked aside and immediately called Debby, saying, "Evelina has disappeared from the hospital. Send someone to find out whether she escaped on her own or was taken by the Sinclairs."
"I'll get on it right away," Debby replied.
Lemira was in a state of agitation.
She hadn't expected the Langston family to fumble even the smallest of tasks.
She turned to Lucian, voice icy: "Over all these years, you've treated Evelina with nothing but generosity Even as the daughter of our father's murderer, you've still treated her so well. Can you honestly say that to
parents' faces?" 
Lucian's embarrassment was clear; he knew Lemira only spoke so harshly because she was angry.
He replied as patiently as he could: "Lemmy, I know this was mishandled on my
part. But saying things like that cuts deep."
"I haven't even started saying the most hurtful things yet."
Lucian immediately pressed, “Is this about Asher? Why is he so worked up over this?"
"Because, according to Evelina's father, he already had a criminal record when Asher recommended him to Mom and Dad as the Langston family's driver. If Asher hadn't vouched for him, Mom and Dad would never have agreed. He's the one who invited the wolf in-that's how all this tragedy began!" 
The moment Lemira finished, the room fell into a heavy silence.
On hearing this, Lucian's expression changed drastically.
Evander burst out, "But Asher never told us any of this! Why would he bring in
someone with a criminal record to drive for us?"
If not for that, he wouldn't have ended up crippled.
Eventually, Lucian said quietly, "We can't lay all the blame at Asher's feet. No one could have predicted Evelina's his old ways. Asher just wanted to give con a fresh start. He never intended for this to happen." 
other would revert to
an
Lemira stared at him in disbelief. “So you knew about all this, too.”
###Chapter 845
Lemira finally realized-someone in the Langston family had known the truth all along.
Of course. Asher and Lucian weren't that far apart in age; it wasn't surprising Lucian would know about this.
Staring at Lucian, Lemira said sharply, "He only wanted to give someone with a criminal record a second chance, all for the sake of Asher's so-called good intentions. And in the end, he got our parents killed!"
"Asher was young then he didn't understand any better," Lucian replied quietly.
"Lucian, since you knew about this, why did you just stand by and watch everyone blame me for all these years? Why didn't you ever say a single word in my defense?"
"That's because I didn't know Evelina's father was the one responsible," Lucian said.
"You never once suspected there might be something wrong with Evelina's father?" Lemira pressed.
Lucian fell silent, at a loss for words. "Lemmy, you know after our parents' accident, our family business was in crisis. We barely had time to look into what happened. The police said it was an accident-we never thought it could all have been orchestrated by someone."
"Never thought, never thought-do you say anything else besides excuses?" Lemira shot back coldly.
Growing anxious, Lucian stepped forward and tried to take her hand. "Lemmy, that's not what I meant."
"Let go of me."
Lemira took a step back, lifting her chin. "I never thought you could be even more hypocritical and disgusting than Asher."
Asher might be openly selfish and fake, but at his core, Lucian was no different.
In pain, Lucian replied, “Lemmy, if I'd known there was something wrong with Evelina's father, I never would have let Asher bring him into the Langston family."
"Spare me the hindsight."
Lemira looked at Lucian with deep disappointment. “Right now, the most important thing is to find Evelina. You'd better pray she didn't end up in the Sinclairs' hands and just escaped on her own."
If Evelina had escaped on her own, they could probably find her soon After all, the "two-faced" girl didn't have a dime on her. If she was out there alone, she wouldn't last long before being found. 
Evander was the first to speak. "I doubt Evelina would run off by herself. She was probably taken by the Sinclairs."
Lemira shot Evander a mocking look. "Don't be too sure you might have to eat your words."
When it came to being thick-skinned, all Lemira's brothers were cut from the same cloth.
At this point, Lucian looked overwhelmed-one problem after another piling up on him.
Just then, a nurse marched over, clearly annoyed. "Who here is with Asher?"
Lemira remained stone-faced, saying nothing.
"I am,” Lucian said quickly. "How is he doing?"
"We've stabilized him, but his blood pressure's still quite high. He needs to wat his diet and cut down on
work related stress. If his blood, pressure keeps spiking, it could get
serious." 
FindNovel.net
"I understand," Lucian replied.
Hearing about Asher's condition, Lucian unconsciously clutched his own stomach. He knew all too well that neglecting your health could lead to real problems.
He looked at Lemira with a pitiful expression. “Lemmy, with the Langston family in this state, you're the only one we can depend on."
"Save the pity act."
Lemira had no intention of staying in the hospital, but just as she turned to leave, someone rushed over in a wheelchair.
Asher's face was chalk-white. "I heard that woman Evelina is missing. Why are you all just standing around? Has anyone found her?"
"Asher, why are you up? Let me
handle
-you need to get some
rest" Lucian said, surprised to see
Asher had dragged himself over so soon after being resuscitated. 
Waving Lucian off, Asher fixed a hard stare on Lemira. "I'd rather not rest-
otherwise someone here will start saying I never do anything.”
###Chapter 846
Here is a carefully revised and polished English translation, ensuring accuracy to the original, appropriate cultural adaptation, and fluent, publication-quality prose.
Lemira couldn't help but find his words laughable.
She looked at Asher and said, "You should know exactly what will happen if Evelina falls into the hands of the Sinclair family!"
Of course, Asher knew.
He shot a furious glare at Evander and snapped, "What's the matter with you? You can't even keep track of one person? What's the point of you?"
"Asher, how is this my fault? Besides, if it really was the Sinclair family who made a move, do you think I could have stopped them?"
"Useless! With all those people on your side, how could the Sinclair family possibly have pulled this off?"
Asher stared at Evander and said coldly, "I'm really disappointed in you. You lost a leg-did you lose your brain as well?"
Evander, stung by the scolding, retorted angrily, "Asher, you have the nerve to talk to me like that?"
"Why shouldn't I? I'm Asher!"
"Sure, you're Asher, but I only just found out that you were the one who personally asked Evelina's father to become our driver. You played the good guy, and in the end you dragged the whole family into this mess. What right do you have to criticize me?"
Evander's words landed like a harsh slap across Asher's face.
Asher turned to Lemira, his gaze filled with disbelief and spite.
Lemira's expression was calm. "What, you can do all these things but can't handle being called out for them?"
Asher gripped the armrests of his wheelchair so tightly his knuckles turned white. He gritted his teeth and said, "But how could I have known what kind of person Evelina's father really was?"
"Asher, you're just making excuses. All of this is because of you. My leg is the way it is because of you. You'll owe me for the rest of your life."
Evander was on the verge of breaking down.
His current state was all because of his own family's actions-so the Langston family should be the one to make things right!
Asher was so livid he was nearly gasping for air. “Evander, haven't I treated you well enough all these years?"
"Isn't that just what you're supposed to do?"
Lucian stepped between them, stopping Evander. "Is that any way to talk to Asher? He was only saying a couple of things to you."
"What right does he have to lecture me? Anyone else can, but not him!"
Evander turned his wheelchair and left without another word, not caring about the chaos left behind at the hospital.
Asher was shaking with anger, his vision swimming. He looked more wretched than ever isn't this
retribution enough? Haven't wel
suffered enough already?" 
As Asher, the position of authority he once held in the family was completely gone.
Lemira gave a cold laugh. “You only have yourself to blame-no one else."
"Lemmy, don't go! Evelina still hasn't been found!" Lucian shouted, knowing full well that if they were going to stand against the Sinclair family they'd need the support of Lemira's family, the Everharts. 
Lemira ignored Lucian.
But Asher wheeled in front of her, blocking her path. "Given how things are, what are you planning to do?"
"You have no right to ask me that."
Lemira turned and walked over to the elevator. She couldn't stand to be there even a second longer.
She shouldn't have come to the hospital in the first place.
She'd only come to give Lucian a warning: don't let anything happen to Evelina.
And yet what you fear is precisely what happens.
A bunch of useless idiots!
"Lemira!"
Asher struggled clumsily with his wheelchair. "I know I haven't been a good Asher. I was selfish, I thought I knew best, and ended up pushing verything onto you. This is u. This is all pay fault!" 
Asher's face was drained of all color, shame written plainly across his features. Lucian, standing by, tried to help: "Lemmy, Asher already knows he was wrong!" Lemira: "..."
Sometimes when you're lost for words, the only thing you can do is laugh.
Lemira grabbed the nearby janitor's mop bucket and dumped it over them...
###Chapter 847
After Lemira had finished everything, seeing the two of them standing there like drowned rats finally brought her some relief.
She dusted off her hands, looked at them, and said, "So, have you sobered up now?"
Lucian spoke up, “Lemmy, what are you doing? You know Asher has never apologized so humbly to anyone before. This proves he truly realizes his mistake. Can't you just give him another chance? After all, none of us are mind readers. How could we have known there was something wrong with Evelina's father?"
If they had known ahead of time, they would never have brought Evelina into the Langston family.
Asher wiped the dirty water from his face and said, "Lemira, do you really think you could have handled things any better than we did? Just because someone has a criminal record, does that mean they can't turn over a new leaf?”
"Don't try to guilt-trip me. If it had been me, I wouldn't have brought Evelina into the Langston family in the first place."
Lucian tried to explain, "Asher only did it because he thought Evelina's father had saved your life—he just wanted to repay that debt."
"There are plenty of ways to repay someone for saving your life—you could have given Evelina enough money to live comfortably, for example. But instead, you insisted on bringing her into the Langston family. Don't think I didn't see through Asher's plan: he just wanted to polish his own reputation.”
Whether it was hiring someone with a criminal record as a driver or taking Evelina in, Asher's motivations were all about protecting his own image.
Asher shot back angrily, "But at the time, there was nothing wrong with what I did!”
Lemira looked at him with open sarcasm. "Right, you're never at fault. From the beginning, you never thought you did anything wrong. Everything you just said was just for show-to cover up your mistakes."
Asher fell silent.
Lemira gave them both a mocking look. "After all these years, don't we all know each other's real character?"
Lucian stepped forward, wanting to defend himself, but Lemira shot him a glance. "The same goes for you."
After saying this, Lemira turned and strode into the elevator without a backward glance.
Thinking back to how Asher and Lucian had just played off each other in front of her, Lemira felt nothing but amusement.
Did they really think that with such a performance, they could win her pity, make her forgive them, and then share the clues she'd collected about Evelina's father—just so they could feel less guilty about themselves?
They wish. There was no way that would happen.
In her previous life, she had once been fooled by Asher and Lucian's words. But having gone through death, she would never let herself fall for them again.
As the elevator doors closed, Asher and Lucian stood there, dripping wet and feeling wretched inside.
Lucian glanced at Asher. "Asher, can't you just be a little more genuine with Lemmy in the future? Stop using these tactics. She's not the same little sister who'd just let us.sweet talk her into forgiveness anymore." 
Asher, frustrated and a bit embarrassed, snapped, "What tactics? I was just trying to explain things and apologize. She's the offe Who wouldn't listen."
"Arguing about this won't help now. Right now, what matters most is finding Evelina.
She disappeared from the restroom, and there's still no news."
"I don't care what it takes-search every inch of the city if you have to, but find her."
But both Lucian and Asher couldn't help but feel uneasy. They both suspected the Sinclair family had taken her.
If that was true, there was nothing they could do to get Evelina back.
Still, neither of them said this out loud.
After leaving the hospital, Lemira went straight back to campus.
But she was still furious over Evelina's disappearance.
The Langstons were just as aggravating as ever.
Just then, Orion called. "What's going on with Evelina's disappearance?"
Lemira quickly filled him in on what had happened at the hospital.
She took a deep breath, her voice simmering with anger. "I can't believe how careless the Langstons have been. Looks like Evelina gained their trust and that's why they let
their guard down 
###Chapter 848
Here is your carefully revised English translation, fully edited to accurately capture the original Chinese text's meaning, emotional tone, and style, while also ensuring idiomatic, clear, and culturally suitable English for American readers:
After saying all this, Lemira grew a bit downcast. “This is all my fault. If I'd been more careful, if I hadn't let the Langston family handle this, maybe..."
Orion interrupted her. "It's not your fault. Evelina is her own person-a grown woman. You can't exactly lock her up somewhere against her will. Keeping her with the Langston family was the best and most reasonable option."
“But I never imagined that so many of them wouldn't even be able to keep track of Evelina. If she actually falls into the hands of the Sinclair family, this is only going to get more complicated."
“We still haven't found her yet, so let's not jump to conclusions. Don't slip up—don't let the Sinclairs catch on to any of this."
Lemira was well aware that Evelina might have run away by herself. If the Sinclairs found out Evelina was missing, they'd definitely start searching for her too. That would turn the situation into an even bigger mess.
"Okay, I get it," Lemira muttered, sounding rather sulky.
After hearing Orion's words, her mood lifted ever so slightly.
Out of nowhere she blurted, "So, what are you doing right now?"
It struck Lemira that nearly every conversation they'd had revolved around her revenge. No matter what happened, Orion always seemed to show up at just the right moment to help her. But Lemira knew who Orion was—a man with plenty on his own plate, always busy with important things. Yet, he still put her concerns first.
Hearing Lemira's gentle voice through the phone, Orion couldn't help but smile. His mood brightened considerably as he spun his chair around and replied, "I'm at the office."
"Are you busy lately?" Lemira asked.
Orion paused for a second. “It's manageable. I have a meeting in a bit. Why?”
"It's nothing. You should get back to work, then."
Lemira sounded as if she had just let out a breath and was about to hang up, but Orion's voice came right back, persistent: “Lemmy, you can always come to me with anything. Nothing matters more to me than you."
His words went straight to her heart, and she felt as if she was melting inside.
Hearing that, Demira's ears turned visibly red. She touched her burning ear and said quietly, "If you're free tonight, how about we have dinner together? After all, you've done so much for me and havent really forme had the chance to thank you properly. I'll host-you pick the place How about Bistrova?" 
FindNovel.net
A warm, low chuckle floated through the line. "Alright. I'll come pick you up later."
"That's not necessary-your office
and my campus are in opposite
directions. If you pick me up, it'
"
waste a lot of your time. Let's just meet at Bistrova 
"Okay."
After hanging up, Orion found his spirits much improved.
He turned to his secretary. “What's on my schedule for the rest of today?"
"You have meetings scheduled for both this afternoon and this evening. For dinner, you're supposed to meet with the CEO of our partner company."
"Cancel the dinner meeting. Also, book a private room for me at Bistrova. Let the head chef know I want a few specialty dishes from Lyria prepared."
The secretary froze for a moment, surprised by the request. “Mr. Everhart, are you hosting someone important from Lyria tonight?"
Orion smiled. "Yes, someone very important."
Just then, à commotion erupted outside his office door. "Ms. Sinclair, you can't go in! Mr. Everhart is still
bus Please let me announce you first." 
FindNovel.net
MS
"Get out of my way! I need to talk to Orion. I know he's in there-tell him to stop hiding from me!"
This time, Sophia appeared with two bodyguards who brushed past the secretarial staff and barged straight into the office.
She caught sight of Orion, sitting at his desk in a sharply tailored black suit, the picture of confidence and mature success.
This was the man she had loved for years, and yet he could be so ruthlessly cold to
her.
Orion looked up at Sophia. “You know I don't appreciate people barging into my office unannounced."
"Orion, aren't you going to take responsibility for what you've done to me?"
###Chapter 849
Hearing this, Orion instinctively frowned.
The office door was open, and the staff in the secretarial department glanced at each other with barely concealed curiosity. What on earth was going on? Had Mr. Everhart just tossed Ms. Sinclair aside?
Orion remained impassive. "Please show Ms. Sinclair out."
There was nothing left to discuss between him and Sophia.
The secretary approached her. "Ms. Sinclair, would you please step outside for now? Mr. Everhart still has business to attend to."
“Step aside. Nothing is more important than what I have to say."
Sophia brushed past the secretary and confronted Orion directly, lowering her voice.
"Did you really think I wouldn't find out what you did to my mother?"
Orion looked up at Sophia and motioned for the secretary to close the door and clear the room.
He was genuinely curious how Sophia had learned of this.
Once the door clicked shut, Sophia went on, "So it really was you.”
She hadn't wanted to believe it, but now doubt gnawed at her.
If Orion were truly uninvolved, why would he force everyone else to leave the room so suddenly? That could only mean a guilty conscience.
She looked at Orion in disbelief. "How could you do something like this? My mother always treated you so well-she thought of you as family."
These past weeks, Sophia was on the verge of falling apart. Ever since her mother disappeared, the household had been in chaos.
She had suspected her mother's old accomplices, she had suspected the Langston family, but Orion had never once crossed her mind.
Orion's face was calm. "Compared to your mother hiring someone to kill, does any of this even matter?"
"You admit it? You actually admit it, Orion. I'm so disappointed in you."
Seeing that Orion offered no denial, Sophia's heart sank. She had confronted him hoping he'd argue back, but instead, he confessed.
"Orion, you went to these lengths for Lemira. Does Mrs. Amanda know? If she knew what you did, would she still accept Lemira in her life?”
"Why shouldn't she? Given everything your family did years ago, how is what I've done any worse?"
"But my mom was always so good to you. How could you even think of doing something like this?"
Orion's gaze turned ice-cold. "And what about how your mother schemed against the Everhart family?"
Sophia's eyes darted evasively. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Since you claim not to understand, let me spell it out-back then, the reason was in that car... can you honestly say your mother hadnt arranged that on purpose?"
Orion stood up, staring her down. "Your mother dragged the Everhart family into
this, didn't she? What right do you have to accuse me?"
The Sinclairs had always intended for the Everhart family to step in and clean up the aftermath of the accident.
Remembering the crash, Orion felt a fresh wave of anger, wishing he could make the Sinclairs pay in full.
Sophia went pale and started to panic-she had never imagined Orion had already pieced everything together. No wonder he was supporting Lemira.
Did this mean he, too, intended to uncover what really happened years ago? If so, the Sinclairs were finished.
With reddened eyes, Sophia shook her head hard. "It was just an accident. My mother didn't do that? Even when she was abducted she never gave up your name as being in the car, did she? Doesn't that prove her innocence?" 
Thank goodness her mother had never revealed Orion's presence in the car.
"Your mother can never be innocent of hiring a hitman."
Sophia pressed on through gritted
1.n
teeth. "It was just business competition-that's all. My mother never wanted Lemira's parents. dead. It was an accident, they were just unlucky. The driver betrayedther, trying to use it to blackmail our family for more money, that's it." 
These words were identical to what Mrs. Amelia had said before.
###Chapter 850
"You really do live up to your reputation as mother and daughter-your words are almost identical. Fine, let me be honest with you today: neither I nor the Langston family will ever give up holding you accountable. Instead of playing these little tricks, you'd be better off thinking about how to find yourself a top-notch lawyer."
Of course, the best attorneys are with the Everhart Group. From every angle, the Sinclair family is already past the point of no return.
At this, Sophia finally became truly anxious.
She had only meant to test Orion, but to her shock, Lemira and Orion had long since joined forces and had been quietly investigating everything behind her back.
Now the Sinclair family was in real and immediate danger.
"Orion, no matter what, my mom's treated you well all these years, hasn't she? Can't you cut her a little slack out of old times' sake?"
"First of all, I don't need to explain the motives behind your mother's so-called good deeds. Do you really want me to list every benefit she's wrangled for herself by parading around as my mother's close friend all these years?"
Orion's eyes were jet black and icy, as if he could see straight through her.
He knew perfectly well that Mrs. Amelia had always liked to leverage his mother's friendship for favors, but since those things were relatively minor, he never bothered to call her out.
But that didn't mean he was blind to the Sinclair family's scheming.
Sophia felt utterly on edge, mortified by his gaze.
She knew everything he said was true, but having Orion state it so bluntly left her feeling deeply ashamed.
Sophia quickly recomposed her expression. "Your mother and my mother have always been the best of friends-she's always helped us out willingly, and it's not like our family has ever treated you unfairly.
Plus, we grew up together, practically as childhood sweethearts. Are you really going to pretend you don't know how I feel about you?"
Sophia clung to Orion's arm, her eyes full of desperate pleading.
Orion coolly pulled his arm away, and Sophia's composure dissolved into panic. "Orie, do you have to be this cold?"
"Sophia, do you really think everyone's a fool? Deep down, you know how much of your so-called affection is actually genuine."
"But I really do love you, I mean it."
Honestly, who could turn down a guy like him—so handsome and from such a good family? No one could ever compare to Orion.
"Your idea of love, like your mother's, is all about calculation. Anyone you claim to love must have terrible luck."
"But you used to be so good to me! Everything changed the moment that Lemira showed
Sophia
insisted, bitterness written all over her face. Why? She'd knownOrion first. 
ather
Orion looked at her without the slightest warmth. "I only ever kept my patience with you because your mother stayed by my mother's side and gave her emotional support. Don't tell me you actually thought I was in love with you?" 
Sophia's face went white as a sheet. "That's not how it is."
"Is your family the only one allowed to scheme, and everyone else obliged to play along?"
Orion's words gave her not the slightest out.
Sophia was so shaken, she could barely stand. She'd never imagined he could be
so ruthless—so blunt and unequivocal, leaving her not a shred of dignity.
Sophia stared at him, pale as chalk. "You really are heartless, Orion."
"If you have nothing more to say, please see yourself out."
Orion figured that, at this point, there was no point circling around the Sinclair family any longer.
It was time they realized their little games were over, and that further scheming would get them nowhere.
“Orion, so that's it, huh? You've made up your mind not to help—and you've chosen Lemira's side, haven't you?"
"I don't think that even needs an answer. It's obvious."
Sophia nodded slightly. "All right, then. But tell me, have you ever confessed to Lemira that you were in that car-the car that killed her parents? Do you really think she still want to be with you when she finds out?" 
If she had to suffer, she'd make sure Orion would suffer too.
###Chapter 851
Orion's expression turned strikingly somber. "Shut up."
"See? You're feeling guilty, aren't you?" Sophia Sinclair sneered. "I thought nothing in this world could scare you, but even you have your weak moments."
"Sophia, I was actually planning to tell Lemira myself," Orion replied coldly. "Even if you run your mouth, I'd just have to thank you for doing it for me."
Sophia bit her lip, a bitter wave of resentment washing over her; he was absolutely ruthless.
She let out a scoff. "In your dreams. I won't do your dirty work. I want you to look Lemira in the eye and tell her yourself. I want you both to experience this agonizing torment."
I'll make sure you two never end up together!
Sophia turned to leave, but Orion's voice cut through the air. "You'd better watch your step. If your family is doing anything illegal, trust me, it will only make things worse."
He was testing the waters-was Evelina Sterling actually in the Sinclair family's hands?
Surprise flickered in Sophia's eyes. "Since you refuse to help, whatever I do is none of your business. You have no right to lecture me. My mother is innocent!"
She wasn't about to give up so easily.
The game wasn't over until the very end.
Sophia stormed out in a huff.
Orion withdrew his gaze and looked at his secretary. "Hogan, have someone keep a close eye on the Sinclair family's every move, especially Sophia."
He thought about what she had just said. Would that woman really go straight to Lemira?
It felt like a guillotine was suspended over his neck, ready to drop at any second.
Hogan stood nearby, speaking hesitantly, "Mr. Everhart, are we still heading to Bistrova tonight?"
The CEO seemed to be in a terrible mood.
Hogan wondered if he had heard something he shouldn't have. Would he be silenced to keep him quiet?
Orion looked up. "Yes. Make sure everything is perfectly arranged."
Hogan nodded. The big boss was truly on another level, able to switch gears in a split second.
Soon, Orion's phone began to ring.
He glanced at the screen and ignored it, but the calls kept coming.
Shortly after, Hogan hurried over. "Boss, your mother is calling. I told her earlier that you were in a meeting, but she insists."
Orion checked his screen again and finally answered. "Yes? What is it?"
"Son, I heard Sophia went to the Everhart Group to see you and made a huge scene," Mrs. Amanda's voice was laced with tension. "Did she figure something out?"
Ever since she learned her son had orchestrated the kidnapping of her best friend, she had been drowning in guilt.
Every time she visited her friend at the hospital, she couldn't bring herself to tell the truth.
If her friend ever found out, their decades-long bond would be shattered instantly.
Orion's tone remained flat. "She guessed it. We can't keep this under wraps much longer."
A long silence hung over the line.
Finally, Mrs. Amanda spoke softly. "Son, I know you feel guilty about Lemira and want to make it up to her, but do you have to ruin everyone in the process? still refuse to believe Amelia is that kind of person. She never wanted to take Lemira's parents' lives." 
But Orion stood firmly on Lemira's side, believing every word she said.
He stood up, gazing out the
floor-to-ceiling window. "Mom,
Grandma never liked how close you
were with Amelia. She always saw
right through her, far better than you ever did content 
"She just has a habit of taking advantage of little things, but we've been friends for years! She's like family to me."
"She has been using you for years to
siphon benefits for the Sinclair
family Orion voice edged with
fury. She orchestrated that fatal p?r
crash and deliberately made sure I was in that car, just to ensure her plan went off without a hitch."
"Your so-called best friend never cared about you. Have you ever stopped to think
about the immense guilt I've had to live with all these years?"
###Chapter 852
Mrs. Amanda covered her face, overwhelmed by a suffocating despair. "Stop it."
"Mom, I know you don't want to believe it, but I'll prove it to you. That is, if you're willing to face the truth."
The line remained dead silent.
Shortly after Orion hung up, a text from his mother lit up his screen: [Fine.]
He stared at the single word, his gaze turning icy.
He immediately dialed Thaddeus Draven. "It's time to close the net on the Sinclair family."
"Finally making your move?" Thaddeus replied. "If you ask me, the only reason the Sinclairs got away with their arrogance for so long was out of respect for your mother. Now that you're done playing nice, I say good riddance."
As Orion's closest friend, Thaddeus knew exactly how ruthless the Sinclairs were behind closed doors.
It was about time Orion put an end to it.
Orion stood before the expansive glass window, overlooking the city. "I tolerated them because Amelia kept my mother happy. I gave them a pass for her sake.
But the Sinclairs are ungrateful parasites. It's time to take out the trash."
He couldn't risk them manipulating his mother any further.
Thaddeus's voice crackled through the speaker. "Does this mean Lemira is going to find out you were in that car with her?"
"Yes."
"Well, she was bound to find out eventually. But I'd recommend waiting until you have undeniable proof before you drop the bomb on Lemon. I'm sure she'll understand."
Just thinking about the situation made Thaddeus sick to his stomach.
The Sinclair family was despicable. To cover their own tracks, they had dragged Orion into their mess.
And Mrs. Amelia's gamble had paid off-the Everhart family ended up cleaning up the aftermath.
If they hadn't, the Sinclairs would have been wiped out years ago.
Orion gripped his phone tightly. "I know."
"Don't stress over it too much. Even if she gets mad, you'll just have to work harder
to win her back. I know Lemon will eventually see how much you care."
"I hope so."
Truth be told, Orion wasn't entirely confident.
He had coasted through life with ease; he had never been this terrified of losing something.
Unable to help himself, Orion opened his chat with Lemira. He scrolled through their messages, his thumb lingering affectionately over the screen.
It was as if touching the glass could somehow reach her.
Meanwhile, Lemira was doing the exact same thing, staring blankly at her phone.
She thought about her upcoming dinner with Orion. What on earth was she supposed to wear?
Stella Waverly strolled over. "What are you spacing out for?"
"Nothing."
Lemira quickly dropped the shirt she had been holding, trying a little too hard to act casual.
Janice chuckled, snatching the shirt back up. "You're acting super suspicious. You're being all secretive like you're going on a hot date."
Lemira's expression shifted awkwardly. "I'm not. We're just grabbing a simple dinner."
She had briefly mentioned her plans with Orion for the evening.
Stella rested her chin on her hand. "Still denying it's a date? Let's hit the mall We are going to find you dress so stunning it'll knock Orion
dead!" g
FindNovel.net
"Exactly!" Janice chimed in. "Look at your closet-it's nothing but casual loungewear You don't ever own a single dress. A date demands a killer dress." 
Before she could protest, Lemira was dragged out to the shopping center.
As luck would have it, they bumped into Sophia Sinclair. The woman was weighed
down with shopping bags, clearly in a foul mood.
Stella leaned in and whispered to Lemira, "Whenever Ms. Sinclair is having a meltdown, she comes here to blow cash. I hear she's maxed out
her cards more times than anyone
can count." 
Lemira looked up, her gaze locking with Sophia's.
She watched the woman stomp over in her high heels, radiating hostility. "Lemira,
I've got some great news. Care to hear it?"
Great news?
Lemira highly doubted that.
###Chapter 853
Seeing the twisted smirk on Sophia's face, Lemira knew her idea of "great news" was anything but.
Otherwise, she wouldn't be speed-running through the mall to cope with her rage.
Lemira kept her expression carefully blank. "Let's hear it."
Normally, she wouldn't give Sophia the time of day, but there was a chance Evelina's disappearance was tied to the Sinclair family.
She needed to hear what the woman had to say to figure out if Evelina was actually in their clutches.
Sophia scrutinized Lemira, a triumphant gleam in her eye. "Word on the street is Evelina went missing."
Lemira's guard immediately went up. Was the Sinclair family really behind this?
"Lemira, you should realize by now that even if you track down that driver, he won't be a good little witness for you. I suggest you throw in the towel, settle this with my family out of court, and take a massive payout. If you keep pushing, you'll walk away with absolutely nothing."
Lemira studied the other woman's face, trying to decipher if she was just fishing for information.
Her expression remained stone-cold. "Sophia, even if it means dragging everyone down with me, I will never settle with the Sinclairs! Keep dreaming!"
Lemira's eyes blazed with deep-seated resentment. Every ounce of suffering she had endured was thanks to them.
She would never back down from making them pay.
"Perfect. Then we'll see who has the last laugh!"
Sophia shoved past Lemira and strutted into the elevator.
After the Sinclair heiress was out of sight, Lemira mulled over the conversation. Something didn't add up.
She turned to Stella. "Do you think the Sinclairs actually have Evelina?"
"Honestly? Probably not. Knowing how they operate, if they had her, Sophia would have been a hundred times more arrogant just now. Plus, she wouldn't be rage- shopping if she had the upper hand."
Lemira nodded in agreement. "You're right. I thought the exact same thing. But she definitely knows Evelina is missing."
"They've probably got spies keeping tabs on the Langstons," Stella reasoned. "It was only a matter of time before the news reached them."
Lemira's lips pressed into a tight line.
It made perfect sense. If they could keep tabs on the Sinclairs, the Sinclairs could easily do the same to the Langstons.
Especially after Mrs. Amelia's humiliating kidnapping—there was no way she would let that slide.
"Sophia was furious about something else," Lemira deduced. "That's why she slipped up."
After all, the woman was normally a master manipulator.
Stella offered a reassuring smile. "In a way, this is actually fantastic news for you."
"True."
At the very least, they knew Evelina wasn't trapped with the Sinclairs, which meant there was still a chance to find her.
But how did Evelina manage to slip away?
Was someone helping her from the shadows?
Janice grabbed Lemira's hand.
"Alright, enough detective work.
Everyone is still out looking for her f that 'two-faced' girl doesn't have a dime to her name, she won't be able to hide for long. Right now, your only job is to slip into a gorgeous dress for your date. I'm sure your parents would want you to find happiness." 
After a quick trip to the salon for hair, makeup, and a stunning new outfit, Lemira realized they were practically right next door to the Everhart Group headquarters. 
Should she head over with Orion?
She glanced at her phone, a wave of hesitation washing over her.
Stella caught the look. "Since we're right you
She block, why don'ty
a text or give him just
amall
leave together.
Janice bounced with excitement. "Or you could just walk right up and surprise him!"
Lemira also felt the idea of leaving directly with Orion sounded perfect.
The three of them took a short stroll over to the towering corporate building.
Standing outside the Everhart Group, Lemira marveled at the sleek, luxurious architecture.
It truly lived up to its reputation as the most powerful corporate empire in the city. She checked the time. "We're early. Let me buy you both a coffee."
###Chapter 854
There happened to be a cozy café right across the street.
As the three of them settled into a patio table, Lemira pulled out her phone and sent Orion a text: [Are you off work yet?]
The moment she hit send, a flutter of nerves erupted in her chest.
"Is this too forward?" she asked, second-guessing herself.
Stella laughed. "The way Orion looks at you? Trust me, the second he sees that message, he's going to sprint out of that lobby."
Janice, who was staring at the corporate high-rise, slapped the table. "Speak of the devil! Here he comes."
Lemira looked up and immediately spotted Orion walking out.
But he wasn't alone. Two women were hurrying after him—it was Mrs. Amanda and Mrs. Amelia!
Mrs. Amelia was decked out in a massive sun hat and dark sunglasses, looking terrified of being recognized. She cut Orion off, gesturing wildly as if arguing with him.
Orion stood by his car, his expression unreadable.
Lemira frowned as she watched the scene unfold. It seemed the Sinclair family had figured out what Orion had been doing behind the scenes.
That explained the desperation.
It also perfectly explained why Sophia had been rage-shopping at the mall.
Suddenly, without warning, Mrs. Amanda raised her hand and delivered a hard slap across Orion's face.
Lemira's heart dropped. Without a second thought, she sprinted across the street. As she neared, Mrs. Amanda's furious voice echoed through the air. "Orion Everhart, how dare you speak to your Aunt Amelia that way? Apologize to her right now!"
Lemira took in the bright red mark on Orion's cheek. An intense wave of
protectiveness surged through her as she stepped squarely in front of him, shielding him from his own mother.
She glared at Mrs. Amanda. "Mrs. Amanda, use your words. What gives you the right to hit him?"
"I am disciplining my own son! I'll hit him if I want to!"
Mrs. Amanda was livid. Not only had her best friend been abducted, but she had
also been filmed in a compromising situation. It was utterly sickening.
When she realized it was Lemira, her expression faltered, growing incredibly complicated, though her tone softened slightly. This whole mess started because of you. Since you're here, let's talk." 
"There's nothing to discuss."
Orion grabbed Lemira's hand, his gaze turning freezing cold as he looked at his mother. "Mom, a life for a life that is justice. You have no
tight to demand Lemira settle for anything less." 
"That's not what I'm saying. I just know there has to be a misunderstanding. Amelia isn't that kind of monster. She was conned by that driver, too!"
Lemira let out a bitter laugh. "I know you want to protect your best friend, but the law operates on evidence. It doesn't care about blind loyalty."
Standing off to the side, Mrs. Amelia stared at Lemira with pure, unadulterated venom.
She had just found out that Lemira and Orion were the masterminds behind her kidnapping!
She wanted nothing more than to tear Lemira apart. Why didn't that wretched girl die in the crash alongside her parents?
If Lemira had just died, everything would be so much simpler. There would be no drama, and no one to steal her daughter's future husband.
Lemira easily caught the murderous glare leveled at her.
Her tone was chilling. "Isn't that right, Mrs. Amelia?"
Mrs. Amelia gritted her teeth. "I didn't do it! That driver acted on his own and got your parents killed. All you have is the word of a criminal. You have absolutely zero proof!"
Lemira met her gaze dead-on. "I will very soon."
If Evelina's father claimed he had evidence, she believed him.
A flicker of panic crossed Mrs.
elet
Amelia's face. She quickly pivoted the conversation, "Even without proof, you had the audacity to kidnap me and film me in a compromising position! That is a felony, do you hear me?" 
"Who said I filmed anything compromising? Do you have any proof?"
Lemira blinked, looking perfectly innocent.
###Chapter 855
"What do you mean, no proof? Didn't you literally show my daughter?"
Mrs. Amelia was terrified that those videos would leak. If they got out, her social standing in high society would be obliterated.
Lemira looked at her with a calm, unbothered expression. "That's your daughter. Do you really think her word holds up in court?"
Mrs. Amelia froze, entirely caught off guard.
Lemira pressed her advantage. "You don't have a shred of evidence either. You just make things up to manipulate Mrs. Amanda into turning against her own son, don't you?"
Truthfully, Lemira had fully intended to record a blackmail video. But the older
woman had passed out from sheer terror, so she never actually went through with it.
But Mrs. Amelia clearly believed the tapes existed.
The Sinclair family sure knew how to play the game.
They were experts at pointing fingers, but the second the spotlight turned on them, they fell apart.
Lemira turned her attention back to Orion's mother. "Are you really willing to blindly trust an outsider over your own flesh and blood? He knew exactly how toxic the Sinclair family was, yet he tolerated them all these years just to keep you happy. And you repaid him with a slap to the face?"
Lemira glanced at the red mark on Orion's cheek, an ache settling in her chest.
She was absolutely sick of the Sinclairs' manipulative theatrics. Did they honestly think they were the only intelligent people in the world?
Staring at the mark she had left on her son's face, Mrs. Amanda finally snapped out of her blind rage.
Taking a moment to actually think, she realized there really was no proof. She had just taken her best friend's hysterical word for it and marched down here to confront Orion.
Hearing about the blackmail videos had simply triggered her protective instincts. Sensing the tide turning, Mrs. Amelia frantically grabbed her friend's arm. "I'm not lying! Why would I ever make up something so humiliating?"
"But you still don't have proof, do you?" Lemira countered smoothly.
"I was tied to a chair! How was I supposed to gather evidence?"
"Exactly," Lemira shot back. "So you can spin whatever story you want to make yourself look like the victim. You know exactly what to say to tilt the scales in your favor."
Mrs. Amelia gasped for air, nearly hyperventilating from anger. She was the one who usually backed people into corners, leaving them unable to defend themselves. She never imagined the tables would turn so spectacularly. 
Lemira didn't let up. "Am I wrong? I'm sure Mrs. Amanda is fully aware of what kind of person you really are."
Mrs. Amanda fell silent. It was true-she knew exactly how ruthless her friend could be.
She just never imagined that ruthlessness would ever be weaponized against her own family.
Panic finally set in for Mrs. Amelia. "I swear I didn't do it! You have to believe me!"
Cutting her off, Lemira addressed Mrs. Amanda one last time. "Let the law handle this. As for what happened back then, I will never settle, and I will never forgive them."
Mrs. Amanda looked at Orion, a sudden wave of dread hitting her. If this went to court, did that mean Orion and Lemira's relationship was doomed?
The moment Lemira finished speaking, Orion pulled her toward the passenger seat of his car. "Let's go."
As the car pulled away, Mrs. Amanda watched them leave, a heavy, suffocating knot tightening in her chest.
Mrs. Amelia glared at the taillights, her heart brimming with toxic resentment. "Your son is completely bewitched by that woman. If Lemira car
ever finds out he was in in th? c?n th?t
day, she'll despise him forever. 
Mrs. Amanda slowly turned to her so-called friend. "And isn't that entirely your fault?"
Mrs. Amelia choked on her words. A terrifying realization struck her-she absolutely
could not afford to lose the Everhart family's backing.
She immediately burst into tears, playing the ultimate victim. "You know how bad things were for my family back then! I didn't have a choice! just wanted to delay them from making it to the bidding war You know me I would never, ever resort to murder!" 
"But if you hadn't orchestrated that crash, none of this nightmare would be happening right now."
Mrs. Amanda was caught in a miserable tug-of-war, utterly lost on who to support.
###Chapter 856
Suddenly, the world spun, and Mrs. Amanda collapsed to the pavement in a dead faint.
"Oh my god, are you okay?!"
Mrs. Amelia hovered over her unconscious friend, a subtle, chilling smirk playing on her lips. She wasn't about to lose this war.
The Everhart family was never going to get rid of her.
Inside the sleek interior of the car, Lemira turned her head, her eyes fixed on the harsh red imprint on Orion's cheek.
"Does it hurt?" she asked softly.
"No."
Despite his answer, she grabbed a chilled bottle of water from the center console and gently pressed it against his skin. "She definitely didn't hold back. That's the slap of a very angry mother."
Seeing her strain her arm to hold the bottle, Orion reached up and took it from her.
She met his gaze. "Mrs. Amelia clearly figured everything out. If both families find out what you did, you're going to take all the heat."
Just like what had happened on the sidewalk.
"You're overthinking it. Aside from my mother, no one in my family can stand the Sinclairs. Especially my grandmother. If she wasn't currently ill, the Sinclairs wouldn't even be allowed past our front gates."
Lemira looked at him in surprise. "Really?"
"I have no reason to lie to you."
Orion held her gaze, his focus shifting entirely to her face. "Why did you show up at my office?"
She quickly looked away, trying to play it cool. "I was just out shopping for clothes with the girls. We happened to be in the neighborhood, so I figured I'd shoot you a text."
He pulled out his phone, checking the screen. Sure enough, there was an unread message.
"I was too busy dealing with the Sinclair women to check my phone," he said.
"I know. I saw you walk out of the lobby."
Orion turned his head slightly. "I'll handle the Sinclair situation. If my mother ever brings them to confront you, call me immediately. You never have to face them, and you certainly don't need to negotiate with them."
Lemira nodded. "By the way, I ran into Sophia at the mall. She claimed Evelina is with them."
He considered this for a moment.
"My intelligence network says
otherwise. There's been absol net
no sign of Evelina
je here near
their territory." 
"Stella and I figured as much. We guessed Sophia probably heard the news from
the Langstons and was just trying to bluff me."
She gave him a hopeful look. "I guess that counts as good news, right?"
As long as Evelina hadn't fallen into their trap, they still had a fighting chance.
Orion tugged at his tie, popping open
the top few buttons of his crisp
dress shirt. "I'll keep a tight
surveillance on them. We'll find
Evelina before they do." 
"What if they get to her first?"
His voice dropped, dripping with absolute dominance. "Then I'll just take her back."
A small smile tugged at Lemira's
lips. Despite all the chaos
surrounding them, she was nool
longer drowning in the crippling, anxiety she felt at the start, Content, 
Because worrying wouldn't change anything anyway.
Before long, they arrived at Bistrova.
The journey into the restaurant was completely seamless this time.
Stepping into their private dining room, Lemira was struck by a wave of déjà vu. She glanced out the window at the breathtaking view.
She had definitely been in this exact room before.
It was back before she knew Orion's true identity, on the very night she ran into Mrs.
Amanda and Sophia dining here.
They had collided right by the elevators.
The memory felt like a scene from a dramatic blockbuster.
Lemira pushed the window open for some fresh air, but her foot snagged on the frame. She pitched forward, tumbling directly toward the open drop.
Her heart vaulted into her throat.
Before gravity could claim her, a powerful arm wrapped around her waist, yanking her backward with incredible force.
Panting in sheer terror, Lemira clung to Orion for dear life. She had nearly just plunged to her death.
He held her flush against him, one hand instinctively cradling the back of her head. "You're too young to be this clumsy. Keep your eyes open."
Lemira was utterly speechless.
###Chapter 857
Lemira nodded frantically, her heart still hammering against her ribs like a trapped bird.
She cast a terrified glance out the window. "That scared me half to death! I really thought I was a goner. Isn't that ledge way too low?"
Sure, the aesthetic design made for an incredible view, but after nearly becoming a permanent part of the pavement, she found it insanely dangerous.
Orion shot the window a dark look. "I'll have a contractor fix it tomorrow."
The split second she slipped, his own heart had practically stopped beating.
Thank God she was safe.
"It definitely needs an upgrade. Or at least put up some safety rails," she muttered, trying to catch her breath.
As the adrenaline faded, Lemira suddenly realized how tightly she was clutching him. There wasn't an inch of space between their bodies.
She slowly loosened her grip, dropping her voice to a soft whisper. "Thank you for saving me."
Orion gave her forehead a gentle flick. "Do you think you could try not giving me a heart attack?"
"I genuinely didn't notice the drop!"
Glancing up, she realized her foundation and lipstick had smeared across the pristine white fabric of his dress shirt. She immediately reached out to rub it away. "Oh no, I made a mess. This is going to be a nightmare to get out."
Orion glanced down at his chest. "It's nothing."
"Why don't you take it off? I can wash it for you and give it back later," she offered.
Looking up, she was met with his intense, predatory gaze. Up close, she noticed his irises were a striking, deep amber.
He leaned down, his face inches from hers. "What are you staring at?"
"Your eyes. They're gorgeous."
Lost in his strikingly handsome features, the elegant restaurant music faded completely into the background. In that moment, the rest of the world ceased to exist.
The only sound she could hear was the frantic, erratic rhythm of her own heart.
Orion's gaze dropped to her lips. "You look gorgeous tonight, too."
Without another word, he lowered his head and captured her lips.
Lemira instinctively leaned back, but his strong hand anchored her in place, pressing her firmly against his chest.
His large palm spanned the curve of her spine, rendering escape entirely impossible.
Her face ignited, heat rushing to her cheeks.
She had assumed he hadn't noticed her careful makeup or the new dress she had agonized over.
Now, all she knew was that her pulse was racing completely out of control.
Faced with his sudden attack, she could have pushed him away, but she made the conscious choice not to.
Fluttering her eyes shut, she tentatively wrapped her arms around his waist. Immediately, she felt his breath hitch, turning heavy and ragged.
The pressure of his embrace intensified, pulling her flush against him.
Her hands traced the planes of his waist, feeling the hard, sculpted muscle beneath
his shirt. He felt as solid as steel.
She instantly remembered the time she had caught a glimpse of his abs; his physique was absolutely flawless.
"Stop touching me."
Orion caught her wandering hands and pinned them still. He pulled back slightly, his eyes burning with dark intensity.
Finding his stare a bit too scorching, she turned her head away. "Why can't touch? What's the point of having a body like that if you dont let anyone feel it?" fo FindNovel.net
He pressed a burning kiss against her cheek, his voice thick with gravel. "Because
I'm afraid I won't be able to stop."
"But Thaddeus said you had
iron-clad self-control! He said
women threw themselves at you left
and right, even offering themselves
to you completely bare, and you felt absolutely nothing." 
Orion ground his teeth together. Why the hell was Thaddeus feeding her that garbage?
He backed her gently against the
window frame leaning
in until they
were perfectly eye level. That's because I only feel something for
the woman I actually want 
"Then why'd you stop me from touching you?"
Before she could even finish the sentence, he hauled her flush against his body. His gaze was dangerously heavy. "Can you feel that? Are you satisfied now?"
Lemira's breath completely hitched, her face flushing crimson like it was practically on fire.
She gave a tiny, obedient nod.
Satisfied, Orion finally released her. He gently wiped the corner of her mouth, his eyes still swimming with unspent desire.
"Let's eat before I change my mind," he murmured.
###Chapter 858
"Okay."
Lemira kept her head down, too flustered to meet his eyes. The burning heat on her cheeks simply refused to fade.
The servers quickly brought out their meal.
Staring at the spread, she looked up in surprise. "Are these new additions to Bistrova's menu?"
"Yes. Try them."
Intrigued, she took a few bites. "This is incredible. It tastes incredibly authentic."
But that didn't make sense-she distinctly remembered that the head chef at Bistrova wasn't from Lyria.
Bistrova was an exclusive, high-end establishment native to Orvin, not Lyria.
That left only one logical explanation: Orion had flown in a chef specifically for her.
Staring at the comforting dishes from her hometown, a sudden lump formed in her throat. Aside from him, no one had ever gone to such painstaking lengths just to make her happy.
Feeling a sudden wave of overwhelming emotion, she quickly set down her silverware. "I need to use the restroom."
"What's wrong?"
Catching the undeniable sheen of tears in her eyes, Orion immediately reached out, his fingers wrapping around her slender wrist. "Is the food not to your liking?"
Lemira shook her head, refusing to look up.
"Look at me."
He leaned down, trying to catch her gaze, but she stubbornly kept her chin tucked.
He let out a helpless sigh. "Lemira, tell me what's wrong. Please."
If he had known this gesture would make her cry, he never would have done it.
But he was also completely lost as to why she was crying.
When she finally lifted her head, her eyes were brimming with unshed tears. The sight made his chest physically ache. He leaned in, gently wiping the dampness from her cheeks. "What happened?"
Instead of answering, she surged forward and captured his lips in a desperate, bruising kiss.
Orion froze, completely blindsided by her sudden aggression.
He instinctively tried to pull back to ask what was going on, but Lemira was relentless. She closed the distance, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck, refusing to let him retreat.
With surprising strength, she pushed him back into his heavy dining chair and climbed directly onto his lap.
Her hands boldly reached for his waist, her fingers fumbling with the cold metal buckle of his belt. The chilly contrast of the hardware did absolutely nothing to cool the blistering heat radiating between them. 
Realizing exactly what she was trying to do, Orion quickly caught her hands. "Lemira, don't."
His eyes were pitch-black, swirling with barely restrained l***, but his iron-clad rationality was still desperately clinging on.
He freed one hand to gently cup her cheek, his voice a soothing rumble. "Why the tears?"
He needed to know.
Snapping back to reality, Lemira was instantly hit with a paralyzing wave of embarrassment.
She dropped her gaze. "I saw the hometown dishes and got emotional. Is that a crime?"
A low, rumbling chuckle vibrated in his chest. So that was it.
He really never could predict how the female mind worked.
But knowing she wasn't crying out of sadness washed away all of his hesitation.
His fingers traced the corner of her mouth, his touch agonizingly slow and dripping with s*** tension.
"So you were moved," he murmured.
"Yeah."
"Moved enough to offer yourself to me on a silver platter?"
His scorching breath fanned across her ear, sending a violent shiver cascading down her spine.
She instinctively tried to pull away, but his grip clamped down, locking her firmly in place.
e2
In the blink of an eye, the power dynamic entirely shifted. His large hand splayed across her lower back, tilting her bead up as he descended for a devastating kiss, 
This time, there was no gentle restraint. His movements were dominant, heavy with
a raw, predatory hunger.
It was far too late for her to run.
She gasped as she felt his hand slide beneath the hem of her dress, her heart doing
a terrifying flip in her chest.
Her brain felt like television static. Regret was hitting her like a freight train.
Why had she acted so impulsively?! How on earth was she supposed to back out now?
While she was locked in an internal
panic attack, desperately trying to
figure out how to hit the brakes,
Orion effortlessly stood up with her
still straddling his waist
She let out a quiet yelp, wrapping her arms around his neck for balance. She stared
down at him in wide-eyed panic.
What was he doing?!
###Chapter 859
Her heart hammered a frantic rhythm against her ribs, her mind spinning wildly.
Catching the terrified, deer-in-the-headlights look in her eyes, Orion found it incredibly amusing.
He purposely walked over to the plush lounging sofa in the corner of the room and gently laid her down. "Continuing what you started, obviously."
Continuing?!
The moment her bare back hit the velvet upholstery, panic won out. She shoved her hands against his solid chest, her voice trembling. "O-Orion."
"Hmm? I'm right here," he murmured, though his hands certainly weren't stopping.
Her face was burning with the heat of a thousand suns. She scrambled to grab his roaming hands, her voice dropping to a frantic whisper. "Here? Now? I don't think this is a good idea."
"Not here? So, we change venues?"
Pretending he had completely missed her obvious panic, he scooped her back into his arms. "Where to, then?"
She stared at his strikingly handsome face, completely flustered. "I... I haven't decided yet."
"If you haven't decided, then don't throw yourself at me like that next time."
Lemira blinked, stunned. He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing. "When I'm with the woman I want, my self-control isn't nearly as flawless as you think."
Quite the opposite, actually. Around her, his restraint was virtually non-existent. Before she could respond, he leaned down and captured her lips in a bruising, claiming kiss, then abruptly pulled back. "Next time, I won't stop."
She understood the heavy implication behind that promise perfectly.
She watched as he stood up to straighten his clothes. His once immaculate dress shirt was a crumpled mess, and his belt was still unbuckled.
She quickly looked away, busying herself with smoothing down her own dress. The memory of their near-miss left a lingering heat radiating from her skin.
Once they had both made themselves decent, they returned to the dining table.
Orion casually placed a piece of food on her plate. "If you like it, we can eat here all the time."
"Is this the new permanent menu for Bistrova?"
"No. This menu was designed exclusively for you."
Lemira paused. "Isn't that incredibly extravagant?"
"I'm the majority shareholder of this establishment. Treating the future Lady Everhart to a good meal is hardly extravagant."
He said it with such casual confidence, it was as if it were an undeniable fact.
Lemira stared down at her plate, murmuring, "I haven't even said yes to you yet."
"I have all the time in the world."
A tiny smile tugged at the corners of her lips. "Then I guess it all depends on your performance."
She had already made up her mind. Once Evelina's father was safely handed over to the police, and once
she finally secured justice for her parents, she would seriously
consider a future with him.
When that day came, her revenge would be complete, and she would have
successfully rewritten her tragic past.
She would be free of all her burdens.
The rest of the meal passed in a comfortable, intimate silence.
Suddenly, a thought occurred to her. "How is the Al project going over at the Maple Group?"
"Smoothly. Thaddeus is running the show, so there won't be any slip-ups."
She nodded. "That's good. Meanwhile, the Langston family's project has been stalled for ages because they're completely out of capital."
"The PZ Group will likely approach Asher soon. The Langston Group is in serious trouble this time. PZ Group is notorious for their ruthless acquisition tactics." "That's fantastic news."
Lemira couldn't care less if the Langstons crashed and burned.
Orion hesitated for a split second. "But your parents built that company from the ground up. Asher wouldn't have an empire if it weren't for their and tears, Can you really stomach watching it burn?" 
blat,"
"It hurts, but I refuse to bail him out."
He reached across the table, covering her hand with his. "We can orchestrate a hostile takeover. You can rip the company out of his hands and fumit yourself That changes the narrative entirely. 
She thought about it. "That sounds like a massive headache. Honestly, I don't have the bandwidth for corporate warfare right now. I just want my revenge!"
Thinking about how Evelina and the Sinclairs had destroyed her in her past life filled her with a toxic rage.
She had fought tooth and nail to get to this point. She was going to make sure the real culprits paid in blood.
Orion reached over and gently smoothed her hair. "You're right. Making them pay takes priority."
"Exactly. Evelina is still out there, and the Sinclairs are still sitting pretty. I can't let my guard down yet. You can't be greedy in this life; you can't have everything."
###Chapter 860
Looking at the man sitting beside her, Lemira realized that compared to her past life, she had already gained so much.
She was more than satisfied.
Hearing her claim that a person couldn't be too greedy, a complicated emotion flickered in Orion's eyes, but he didn't push the issue.
Before long, the sleek car pulled up to the university gates.
She glanced out the window. "I'm here."
"Lemira."
"Yeah?"
She turned back, only to have him lean in and capture her lips in a sweet, lingering kiss.
Blushing furiously, she pushed him away. "What are you doing? I haven't officially agreed to be your girlfriend yet."
"Then I'll just have to play the role of the devoted secret boyfriend."
"You can't do that. Wouldn't that be a massive downgrade for the Everhart heir?"
Orion ran his tongue over his bottom lip, his gaze locked onto her with a scorching intensity. "Not a downgrade at all."
At the very least, he still got to kiss her and hold her whenever he wanted.
If he didn't have the official title yet, so be it. He could wait. She was going to be his eventually, anyway.
Unable to handle the intoxicating tension suffocating the car, Lemira threw the door open and practically sprinted away.
If she had stayed a second longer, she had no idea what might have happened.
Orion watched her disappear onto the campus before rolling down the window, letting the crisp night air cool his feverish blood.
He picked up his phone and dialed Thaddeus. "I need a favor. Look into the negotiations between Asher and the PZ Group. See if there's an angle we can exploit."
"What for? PZ Group's terms are famously predatory. They love executing hostile takeovers when companies are bleeding out. The Langston Group is effectively dead in the water. Are you planning to swoop in as their white knight?"
"That company was my future parents-in-law's life's work," Orion replied calmly. "I'm not going to sit back and watch it get cannibalized and sold off for scraps."
When the PZ Group acquired a business, they notoriously gutted it, split the assets, and liquidated everything.
He wasn't going to let that happen to the Langston Group.
A burst of loud laughter crackled over the line. "Oh, wow! 'Parents-in-law,' huh? Have they even acknowledged your existence yet?"
Orion's expression darkened into a scowl. "At least I'm not a pathetic bachelor like you."
Thaddeus audibly ground his teeth. "Fine. You win this round, you bastard."
After they finished discussing the logistics, Orion hung up. He looked back toward the campus, feeling a strange sense of warmth spread through his chest 
His usually empty, calculated life suddenly felt overwhelmingly full.
So this was what it felt like to genuinely care for someone.
He glanced up at the ink-black sky, deciding that the stars looked exceptionally beautiful tonight.
Back in the dorms, Lemira's heart was still doing backflips as she replayed the steamy encounter in the car.
She managed to sneak back into the room right before curfew.
Quietly pushing the door open, she noticed the lights were off. Assuming her roommates were already asleep, she let out a sigh of relief.
But the moment she tiptoed past the beds, Janice violently yanked her privacy curtain back "Tsk, tsk.
Carming back this tate Honestly you
didn't have to come back at all." 
"Ahem, of course I had to come back," Lemira stammered.
"Spending the night out is standard protocol! Rumor has it that when a domineering CEO books a hotel room, he only books the penthouse."
Lemira shot her a flat look. "Do I look broke to you? I can afford my own penthouse."
It was true. While her bank account couldn't compete with Orion's limitless wealth, she was practically set for life.
Stella popped her head out from her own bunk. "Well, seeing that gorgeous flush on your face, I'm guessing the date was a massive success?"
"It was... pretty good."
A faint blush crept up her neck. She had finally decided to stop fighting her feelings.
She was genuinely falling for Orion.
And she wanted a future with him.
Stella let out a heavy sigh. "You look so happy, I almost feel bad ruining your vibe with some terrible news."
Lemira's head snapped up. "What happened?"
"According to a highly reliable source, Mrs. Amanda suffered a stress-induced collapse and was rushed to the hospital. Apparently, they found something wrong during the check-up, and Mrs. Amelia has been glued to her side, playing the devoted best friend 24/7 Whether she's faking her illness or not, I'm worried the Sinclair family is going to use this to emotionally blackmail your man." 
Lemira froze. Mrs. Amanda was hospitalized?
###Chapter 861
When Lemira Langston heard the news, she fell into a heavy silence.
The joy that had just been bubbling in her chest was instantly washed away.
Janice quickly chimed in, "But this has nothing to do with you, Lemira. It's obvious that Mrs. Amelia is a toxic person who used her best friend. And now she's resorting to these dirty tricks. It's just too far."
Stella Waverly nodded. "The Sinclair family has always been like this. They thrive on pulling this kind of stuff. It's just that Mrs. Amelia struck gold by becoming best friends with Mrs. Amanda, and their bond has always been strong."
Lemira looked at Stella. "So that's why the Sinclair family has had such smooth sailing all these years?"
"Exactly. Who can blame Mrs. Amelia for having good luck?"
Hearing Stella's words, Lemira frowned. "Do you think Mrs. Amelia would ever target Mrs. Amanda for her own selfish gain?"
"You know, the Sinclairs really are capable of something like that. But the Everhart family is their only backing right now, so they probably wouldn't do something so stupid. Orion Everhart isn't someone to be trifled with."
Mrs. Amanda had a brilliant, capable son, meaning she had serious family backing.
If Mrs. Amelia was that foolish, she wouldn't have managed to stay Mrs. Amanda's best friend for so many years.
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief. "You have a point. I'm overthinking this."
Right now, the Everhart family was Mrs. Amelia's only lifeline.
"Lemira, what do you plan to do now?"
"I'll do what needs to be done. I won't back down. I have to make them pay for the truth."
Lemira lay back on her bed. Things had already escalated to this point, and she wasn't going to retreat easily.
Even if this meant Mrs. Amanda would dislike her, hate her, or completely forbid her from being with Orion.
She had to walk this path firmly to avenge her parents.
Lemira closed her eyes and soon drifted off to sleep.
When she woke up the next morning, she received a text from Orion: "Do you have classes this morning?"
Seeing his message inexplicably lifted her spirits.
She quickly typed back: "Yes."
After hitting send, Lemira tossed her phone aside and hurried to the bathroom to wash up.
By the time she returned and checked her screen, he hadn't replied at all.
What did that mean?
Lemira thought for a moment and sent another text: "I'm free this afternoon."
She immediately regretted it and frantically tapped 'unsend', hoping he hadn't seen
it.
But a second later, Orion's reply came through: "I have a meeting at the Maple Group this afternoon."
Seeing his message, Lemira felt her previous text had been completely unnecessary.
She glanced at the screen and firmly decided not to reply.
As Lemira walked into the classroom with Janice, her phone buzzed with another text from Orion.
She deliberately looked around before casually opening the message, only to see he had sent a single: "?"
Lemira stared at it. What kind of response was that?
Janice leaned over. "What's wrong? You look so conflicted."
"It's nothing."
Lemira locked her phone and flipped open her textbook, leaving Orion on read.
On the other end, the strikingly
home man stared at his phone,
waiting to long time withoute
receiving any reply. 
Orion's gaze turned somber. His long fingers tapped against his phone, his thoughts unreadable.
His secretary tentatively spoke up, "Mr. Everhart, you have an international conference call this afternoon..."
"Move it to the morning. I'm going to the Maple Group for a meeting this afternoon."
Orion set his phone down. Even
though Lemira hadn't replied, would definitely be at the
fyemira hadn't replied, he
Maple Group later. 
He had tossed and turned all night, his mind completely consumed by her.
Just then, Thaddeus Draven walked in, waving the secretary out of the office. Orion looked up. "What is it?"
"I heard your mother is sick? Something about a terminal illness being diagnosed?"
Orion shot him a cold glare. "Other people are idiots. Are you an idiot too?"
"That's what I thought. If she were really that sick, would you even be here at work today? Rumors can bet deadly, man." 
###Chapter 862
Thaddeus sat down and continued, "Then it's highly likely tied to the Sinclair family again. But if you actually make a move, you might just anger Mrs. Amanda enough to make her sick."
"So you want me to just swallow this?"
"Not exactly, but there's absolutely no need for you to personally bankrupt them. Once Mrs. Amelia is arrested and the things the Sinclairs did in the past are exposed, they'll naturally face their demise. That way, you'll have a proper explanation for your mother."
If Orion attacked the Sinclairs right now, Mrs. Amanda wouldn't just lose face-she would be furious.
Orion's expression remained icy. "I've tolerated the Sinclairs for this long solely because they could keep my mother company. But their intentions are malicious, and I don't want them anywhere near her."
"I know. But when your father had his accident and your mother fell into severe depression, it was Mrs. Amelia who stayed by her side and helped her pull through all these years. Even if Mrs. Amelia had ulterior motives, your mother truly treats her well and is emotionally invested."
Orion looked at him. "Did your mother send you here as a lobbyist?"
Thaddeus rubbed the back of his neck. "My mom has a point. Doing this will seriously upset Mrs. Amanda. Weren't you planning to let your mother see clearly how the Sinclairs have been using you? Take it slow. She'll realize the truth eventually."
Orion gripped the document in his hand tightly, his eyes filled with reluctance.
Thaddeus stepped forward, snatched the document, and tore it in half. "Making the Sinclair family disappear isn't what you should be focusing on right now. Expose the truth of the past, make them pay the price, and let Lemon move past her grievances so she can be with you."
When that time came, Orion wouldn't even need to lift a finger; the Sinclair family would go bankrupt on their own.
Orion tugged at his tie and looked at Thaddeus. "Have you found Evelina Sterling?"
"We have a lead, still tracking her down. I have to admit, that woman is good at hiding. She actually holed up in a private club. A pregnant woman living it up in there —if it weren't for some Business School trust-fund kids spotting her, we wouldn't have any news at all."
But once a lead was found, they were closing in on her.
Orion thought for a moment. "As soon as we catch Evelina, we can set things in motion. I have to make my mother see that the incident from back then was deliberately orchestrated by the Sinclairs."
Only then would his mother truly give up on them.
Thaddeus let out a breath of relief and patted Orion's shoulder. "That's the spirit.
You might as well spend more time focusing on Lemon instead."
Orion glanced at his phone and nodded. "You have a point."
That afternoon, at the Maple Group.
Lemira walked in with her bag slung over her shoulder. She actually hadn't been here in quite a while.
She and the team had already
completed the core system. There
were a few minor bugs, but she
could fix those remotely from her laptop without needing to come into the office. 
Still, walking into the building gave her a comforting sense of familiarity.
Without the Maple Group, she wouldn't be where she was today. Once the company went public, she would achieve total financial freedom.
Lemira walked into the workspace and greeted her coworkers. It really had been a long time since she had seen everyone in person, as they usually communicated in the work group chat. 
During the meeting, Lemira saw Orion and Thaddeus walk into the conference room together.
She noticed the man's gaze drifting toward her and instinctively averted her eyes.
Catching her little evasive movement, Orion quickly withdrew his gaze.
After Thaddeus took his seat,
someone spoke up, "Mr. Draven, heard the Langston Group is on the verge of bankruptcy. Should we teach them a lesson 
Hearing news about the Langston Group, Lemira looked up.
Was the Langston Group going bankrupt?
###Chapter 863
Lemira hadn't been in contact with the Langstons for the past few days.
Ever since Evelina had slipped right through their fingers, Lemira wanted absolutely nothing to do with that family.
Just looking at them made her seethe.
They were a bunch of idiots being played for fools by Evelina.
Now, hearing her colleagues say the Langston Group was on the verge of bankruptcy was a bit surprising, but not entirely unexpected.
After all, Evelina had swindled a massive sum of money. There was no way Asher could come up with millions of dollars on such short notice. It was only a matter of time before everything fell apart.
While Lemira was lost in thought, she felt Orion's gaze on her.
What was that look supposed to mean?
She didn't feel sorry for them at all. The Langston Group was reaping exactly what Asher had sown.
Thaddeus tapped the table. "What's the situation over at the Langston Group?" Actually, Thaddeus already knew the details, but he deliberately had his staff say it out loud so Lemira could hear.
"Word is they are severely short on cash. The PZ Group has been constantly pushing for progress, threatening to demand heavy compensation according to the contract if they fail."
"We were thinking we could strike while the iron is hot. Force the Langstons to sell the project to us, and we'd eliminate a competitor in the process."
Thaddeus chuckled. "Buying it would cost a fortune."
"True, it's not cost-effective. It might be better to just let them collapse. We'd still lose a competitor."
Everyone chimed in on the discussion.
Lemira also felt that spending money to buy it was unnecessary. Furthermore, Asher would never sell especially not to the Maple Group.
She knew Asher's stubborn temper all too well.
After the meeting, Lemira went into the office.
Thaddeus spoke first, "Lemon, what's your take?"
"I don't think we need to waste our money. The Langston Group was never going to be a real threat to us anyway."
Lemira sounded completely confident.
Thaddeus smiled, glancing between the two of them. "I just remembered something
I have to take care of. Let me go make some arrangements."
Thaddeus walked straight out, thoughtfully pulling the office door shut behind him.
Leaving only the two of them alone.
Lemira felt Orion's gaze growing
entire to brazen. She quickly said
What are your thoughts on t the Langston Group situation?"
No matter what suggestions the team made, the final decision rested with Thaddeus and Orion.
They definitely possessed far more inside information than the rest of the staff.
Orion, however, stepped right into
"Why didn't you messages?" Conte
es Personal space, his gaze burning
FindNovel.net
Lemira lowered her eyes. "I did."
"No, you didn't."
belongs to
He had sent several messages in a row, and she hadn't replied to any of them. Lemira looked up. "I replied with silence."
Orion's gaze dropped to her rosy lips, and he couldn't stop himself from leaning in, but Lemira quickly dodged.
Her face felt hot. "What are you doing? This is an office. Mind your behavior."
Orion's voice was low and husky. "No one will see, and no one is going to come in." He had missed her.
If Thaddeus were coming back, he would definitely knock first.
Lemira, blushing deeply, pushed him away. "Still, no."
Orion's gaze turned somber. "Why? We kissed last night. Why not today?"
He had barely slept the night before. He had never realized how agonizing a long, sleepless night could be.
Hearing the man's blunt words made Lemira's ears burn red. "Last night was last night. Today is today. It's different."
She tried to slip away, but Orion
pulled her firmly into his arms,
refusing to let go. "Explain it to met
How is it different? 
Lemira thought of what Stella had said about Mrs. Amanda being sick, but she didn't know how to bring it up.
Orion instantly saw the conflict in her eyes. He leaned down to meet her gaze
levelly. "Tell me the truth. What's wrong?"
Had something happened last night that he didn't know about?
###Chapter 864
Lemira turned her head away, unwilling to speak.
Orion's gaze turned somber. He simply leaned down and captured her lips. If she didn't want to talk, then she didn't have to.
Ever since Lemira had taken the initiative last night, his patience had worn dangerously thin.
As he kissed her, Lemira tried to say something, but he seamlessly took control, leaving her completely breathless and overwhelmed.
The kiss dragged on with heavy, intoxicating tension.
When he finally pulled back, having lifted her onto the edge of the desk, he reached
out to straighten her clothes. Lemira firmly slapped his hand away.
Orion chuckled softly. "I've already kissed you and touched you, and you're still mad?"
Lemira looked down, fixing her shirt, refusing to say a word to him.
Seeing her flushed, frustrated face, Orion asked gently, "What is it, really?"
Lemira pressed her lips together. "I heard your mother is sick? Because of stress?" Hearing this, Orion instantly understood why she had been acting so distant.
After all, there had been that incident in the past when his grandmother was critically ill.
Orion leaned in, trapping her between his arms. "It's just a rumor. My mom is fine." "Really?"
"If there was actually something wrong with my mother's health, do you think I'd be in the mood for this?"
Lemira looked at him closely. He had no reason to lie to her about something so serious.
She immediately breathed a sigh of relief. That was good.
"Not mad anymore?"
Orion reached out to brush his thumb over her bottom lip, but Lemira slapped his hand away again.
He wasn't angry. He simply leaned closer and grabbed her hand, placing it against his cheek. "If hitting me makes you feel better, go ahead."
Seeing him leaning in so shamelessly made her huff in annoyance. "If I throw a punch, the Everhart heir won't have the face to be seen in public for weeks."
She had taken boxing classes. He should know exactly how hard she could hit.
Orion gave a faint smile, keeping her palm pressed against his skin. "I don't mind. I'll just tell everyone my girlfriend hit me."
"Do you have no shame? You were never like this before."
Lemira had no idea Orion could be such a shameless rogue when he dropped his serious facade.
"What was I like before?"
Lemira thought for a second. "You used to be very serious."
"That's for outsiders. I can't be that exhausted around my girlfriend."
Orion
let go. "Even though I'm just your e
secret boyfriend, I am still your I boyfriend. You can't deny it 
to her hand, refusing to
Lemira blushed, silently regretting her impulsive actions from last night.
Seeing that he was pushing her limits, Orion smoothly changed the subject. "Are you coming to our new product launch?"
"Of course I am."
After so much time and effort, the day had finally arrived.
She remembered how, in her past life, her older brothers had s*** her of all the credit on this very day and handed it
eto Evelina, claiming
Evelina needed the achievement
more. ,
FindNovel.net
No one had listened to her. No one had cared about her hard work.
Thankfully, everything was different now.
Lemira pulled her hand back. "I need to go to the tech department to handle some work."
Since she was already here, she might as well check on things.
Orion's gaze locked onto her. "Let's get dinner tonight. I'll pick you up."
"We'll see."
Lemira didn't agree, nor did she refuse.
Watching her slip away, Orion grabbed the cold cup of coffee from the desk and downed it in one go.
It still didn't cool the heat in his veins. He'd have to switch to chamomile tea later.
Walking out of the office, Lemira couldn't help but smile when she thought of Orion's behavior.
She went straight to the tech
department and personally ran tests
on various data sets, figuring she
might as well resolve any lingering
issues while she was there
Just as she was wrapping up, her phone rang. It was Janice. "Lemira, I think
something happened to Stella."
Lemira shot up from her chair. "Slow down. What happened?"
Was Asher behind this?
###Chapter 865
The moment Lemira heard Stella was in trouble, her mind instantly went to Asher Langston.
After all, the whole office had just been discussing the massive crisis facing the Langston Group, and how bankruptcy was imminent.
If Asher wanted to save his sinking ship, his only option was to secure a massive influx of cash.
Orion had already pulled strings behind the scenes, warning off investors and banks, making it nearly impossible for Asher to get a loan.
The only available source of money left for Asher was the Waverly family.
If Lemira hadn't warned Stella about Asher's true nature early on, the two of them would likely be engaged by now.
If Asher became the Waverly son-in-law, he would gain control over Stella's massive inheritance. Saving his company would be child's play.
In her past life, Asher had most likely succeeded.
But this time, because Lemira had intervened and because Stella wasn't an idiot, Stella had flatly rejected Asher at her birthday banquet.
Asher had tried to win her back a few times since, but Stella never wavered.
A proud, arrogant man like Asher normally wouldn't stoop to harassing a woman, but his current situation was desperate.
Janice's panicked voice echoed through the phone. "Stella and I were supposed to get dinner at that new restaurant tonight. But I waited forever after her class ended, and she never showed up. She wasn't answering her phone, so I went looking for her. Someone told me she went to the school gates to meet someone and ended up leaving in their car."
Janice hadn't wanted to assume the worst, but after hearing all the dark high-society drama from Lemira and Stella, her mind immediately spiraled. She couldn't help but call Lemira.
"Don't panic. Tell me exactly what time she went to the gates. I'll hack the cameras and track the car."
As long as they knew who owned the car, they would know where Stella was taken.
Soon after receiving the timeframe from Janice, Lemira bypassed the security protocols on the traffic cameras near the school.
She saw Stella walk out the gates. The moment she zoomed in on the license plate, her hands froze over the keyboard.
She didn't even need to run the plates.
It was Asher's car!
Lemira's eyes turned instantly glacial. Asher was actually insane enough to go after Stella. He was digging his own grave.
If Mrs. Waverly hadn't secretly green-lit this, Lemira would eat her own keyboard.
They were all bullying Stella because she was an orphan, scheming to steal her massive trust fund!
Lemira took a deep breath. Right now, finding Stella was the top priority.
She dialed Asher's number. It rang for a long time before he finally answered, "Well, this is rare. Why are you calling me?"
"Where is Stella?"
Lemira had no patience for his games and cut straight to the point.
Asher paused. "I have no idea what you're talking about."
"Cut the act. Someone saw you take her, and I have your license plate on camera. If you don't confess right now, I'm calling the cops."
Asher's patience snapped. "Aren't you overstepping a bit, Lemira? What happens between Stella and me is family business. The cops won't do anything."
"You guys broke up ages ago. What 'family business' are you talking about?" "That is none of your concern."
?
Lemira gritted her teeth. "I will ask you one last time. Where is Stella? If you don't tell me c me completely dismantle your company's firewall and wipe your servers."
"Save your idle threats. You already know the Langston Group is on the verge of
bankruptcy. I couldn't care less about a firewall right now."
Hearing the complete indifference in
his voice only made Lemira's blood boil further. "Fine. Tell me where Stella is, and I'll tell you exactly, where Evelina Sterling is hiding." 
Right now, the only thing that could make Asher hesitate was Evelina's location.
Silence fell over the line. He seemed to be weighing his options.
Finally, Asher gave a
self-deprecating scoff. "I admit, you're more capable than I am. Since you know where Evelina is, go handle her yourself You can take the lead on avenging Mom and Dad." 
###Chapter 866
"And you? Are you just going to do nothing?"
"I only need to save our parents' company," Asher replied before hanging up the phone.
Lemira furiously dialed back, but he ignored the call.
She was seething. Asher was truly shameless. Not even the prospect of avenging their parents could sway him.
It seemed the Langston Group was truly on its absolute last legs.
That was why he was resorting to such despicable tactics.
Lemira wanted to call the police, but she worried about escalating the situation and putting Stella at risk.
Instead, she dialed Lucian Langston. His pleasantly surprised voice came through the speaker. "Lemmy! Why are you calling me?"
"Asher took Stella. Do you know what kind of backroom deal he made with the Waverly family?"
Lucian hesitated for a moment before letting out a heavy sigh. "You found out?"
"Let me make this perfectly clear: if anything happens to Stella, I will never let any of you off the hook."
Stella was her best friend.
Lucian spoke softly. "I tried to talk him out of it, but the company is in a terrible state. If you could just ask Orion to invest some money, I know Asher would let her go."
Hearing this, Lemira found the sheer audacity almost laughable.
She couldn't hold back her disgust. "How can you even suggest something so shameless?"
The Langston family continually found new ways to lower her expectations.
Lucian sighed again. "It's the only viable solution right now. Plus, it ensures Stella won't get hurt, right?"
"And why on earth should the Everharts invest a single dime in the Langston Group?"
"Lemmy, I'm only suggesting this for your sake. It solves your current problem, doesn't it?"
Lemira scoffed. "I offered Asher Evelina's exact location in exchange for Stella, and he still refused. You people are entirely selfish, yet you love to play the martyr."
"Lemmy, Mom and Dad built this company. It's just as important."
Lemira didn't want to hear another word of his garbage. She hung up instantly.
Knowing that the Langston family was entirely complicit in this mess, she abandoned any thought of negotiating through them.
But she was still utterly furious!
Sharing the Langston name felt like a complete disgrace.
Without overthinking, Lemira waved to her team lead. "I have an emergency and need to leave. I've resolved the core issues. I'll send you the fixes for the minor bugs later." 
She turned and left without even waiting for the lead's response.
The team lead watched her hurry out and chuckled. "Are all geniuses this busy?"
Not long after Lemira left, Orion arrived at the Maple Group, right at closing time.
He had spent the afternoon handling other business, but he still showed up punctually to pick her up.
However, scanning the workspace, he couldn't spot Lemira anywhere.
He looked at the team lead. "Where's Lemira?"
"She said she had an emergency and took off early."
Orion walked outside and dialed Lemira's number. She answered almost immediately.
"What emergency?" he asked.
"Asher took Stella. I have to go find her, I can't talk right now."
Lemira abruptly ended the call.
Orion stared at the disconnected screen. He looked up just as Thaddeus strolled out of his office. Sounding slightly annoyed, Orton asked, "Do Tlook that unreliable?" 
"Depends on who you ask."
Thaddeus raised an eyebrow. "Why isn't Lemon relying on you?"
Orion explained what had just happened. "She completely could have asked me for help."
With his resources, her rescue mission would be far more effective.
Thaddeus clutched his stomach, laughing uncontrollably. "So the day has finally
come! Didn't you used to hate girls who were too reliant on men?"
Orion was momentarily speechless. That hit entirely too close to home.
But this was completely different.
Meanwhile, on the other side of
town, Lemira stared at the woman sitting across from her-a woman who bore an uncanny resemblance to Evelina. Her emotions were incredibly complicated. 
This was Stella's young stepmother.
###Chapter 867
Lemira had actually come to the Waverly estate to find Mrs. Waverly.
She knew this whole scheme had to be orchestrated with Mrs. Waverly's blessing; otherwise, Asher would never have the guts to lay a hand on Stella.
Lemira also knew that Mrs. Waverly was backing Asher's business ventures and had poured a significant amount of money into the Langston Group.
Naturally, Mrs. Waverly couldn't afford to see Asher's projects fail.
But when Lemira arrived at the estate, she was intercepted at the gates by the young stepmother.
Now, they were sitting in a nearby cafe.
Lemira looked at the young socialite and said, "If you stopped me, you must know Stella is in trouble."
"I know."
Felipa offered a bleak smile. "You should also know my situation in the Waverly household. I was forced to step back just to protect Stella. But I never imagined Mrs. Waverly would be this ruthless and refuse to let her go."
Lemira noted Felipa's expression. That delicate, vulnerable aura was practically copied and pasted from Evelina.
If Lemira didn't know for a fact that this woman had no relation to Evelina, she would have assumed they were blood relatives.
Lemira quickly shoved those thoughts aside. Saving Stella was the priority.
She asked, "What do you know?"
"Ms. Langston, right? I know you and Stella are very close, but can I completely trust you?"
Lemira didn't quite understand what the woman was getting at.
She looked the young stepmother in the eye. "I just want to get Stella out of there safely. She is my best friend."
Stella had helped her dig up massive amounts of dirt on the Sinclair family.
If it hadn't been for Stella, Lemira never would have found Evelina's fugitive father hiding at that dealership. No matter what it took, she was going to ensure Stella walked away unharmed.
Hearing this, the young socialite pulled a document from her designer bag. "My sister-in-law gave this to me. As long as I sign it, Stella will be safe."
Lemira glanced at the contents of the Waverly Trust transfer, and her rage became impossible to suppress.
Mrs. Waverly wanted Stella to forfeit all her shares and surrender total management of her trust fund to her 'future husband', Asher Langston.
Lemira knew that before George Waverly passed away, he had set up a protective clause in Stella's trust. The funds could only be fully accessed once Stella was married.
Lemira gritted her teeth. "Exactly as I suspected."
Utterly despicable.
"Ms. Langston, I know how much you care for Stella, which is why want to work with you to get her out. I don't want my sister-in-law to get her hands on that money either it rightfully belongs to Stella 
Lemira set the document down and looked at her. "Stella inherited a massive fortune, but it seems you and your son were left with next to nothing. You really have no O resentment about that?" 
"Ms. Langston, I'm sure you know my entry into this family wasn't exactly honorable. My son has severe health issues, and if it weren't
for Stella generously giving me money for his medical treatments ever the years, we
uldn't have
survived. I am deeply grateful to her. So, believe me when I say I want Stella safe even more than you do." 
Hearing this, Lemira finally relaxed.
If this young stepmother wanted to maintain her comfortable lifestyle and pay for those medical bills, she truly needed Stella to remain in control of the finances.
Because Mrs. Waverly definitely wouldn't be handing out a single cent.
Lemira finally leaned forward. "Since you're being so open, I take it you have a plan?"
"Yes, but I need your help to pull it off."
Lemira listened closely to the woman's strategy and decided it was actually quite solid.
If it didn't work, she could always call Orion for backup.
Once they finalized the details, Lemira stood up and left. She didn't want to spend a second longer with the stepmother than necessary.
Staring at a face so identical to Evelina's made her physically nauseous.
She was deeply repulsed by those features.
Lemira marched straight back to the gates of the Waverly estate, loudly demanding to see Mrs. Waverly.
After waiting for a few minutes, a servant finally escorted her inside.
Stepping into the grand foyer, she saw Mrs. Waverly sitting there, looking entirely unbothered. "Ms. Langston, to what do I owe the pleasure?"
###Chapter 868
"Drop the act. Where is Stella?"
"How would I know where Stella is?"
Mrs. Waverly was determined to deny everything. She had sunk a fortune into Asher's project. If she didn't get a return on her investment, how was she supposed to justify the loss to the rest of the family?
Lemira furiously shattered the cup Mrs. Waverly was holding. "Don't think I don't know about the shady deals between you and Asher. What you're doing is illegal."
"Oh, so Ms. Langston knows it's illegal. Yet Mrs. Amelia has been locked up by you people for so long."
Hearing that, Lemira's expression immediately shifted to high alert.
"What, are you surprised I know about that?"
Lemira straightened her posture. It wasn't actually that surprising. Everyone in the Sinclair family knew.
It wouldn't be hard for Mrs. Waverly to dig up that information.
Mrs. Waverly continued, "Ms. Langston, this is our family business. I suggest you stay out of it. See her out!"
"Are you threatening me?"
"Take it however you like. You might be young, and you might think you can do whatever you want just because you have someone powerful backing you. But if you don't want to drag Orion Everhart into unnecessary trouble, I strongly advise you to keep your mouth shut!"
Mrs. Waverly's threat was crystal clear.
Lemira was practically vibrating with rage. She gritted her teeth. "I won't let this go." Lemira turned and stormed out.
Mrs. Waverly shot a contemptuous glare at her retreating back. "Such pathetic behavior. I have no idea what Orion sees in her."
Asher stepped out from the hallway shadows. "My sister has always been fiercely capable."
Lemira's brilliance was something he could no longer deny, no matter how hard he tried.
Thinking about it filled Asher with crushing regret.
If he hadn't treated Lemira so horribly because of Evelina, they wouldn't have become sworn enemies.
If they still had a good relationship, Orion would have definitely bailed the Langston Group out just for Lemira's sake.
Then he wouldn't have been forced to stoop so low as to beg Mrs. Waverly for a partnership, only to be looked down upon.
Mrs. Waverly scoffed coldly. "Too bad your relationship is ruined. Orion has personally warned off every major investor and bank in the city. There's no way you can secure that kind of funding." 
Asher's face darkened. He knew that already, which was exactly why he was taking this desperate risk.
He was completely out of options.
He refused to watch the company he had spent years building crumble into bankruptcy.
Especially since his failure would be glaringly contrasted against Lemira's massive
success, making him look utterly incompetent.
Asher would never allow that to happen.
Mrs. Waverly knew Asher was
backed into a corner, which was why she was using him to do the dirty work She would reap the massive benefits while he took all the risks as her errand boy. 
Asher ran a hand through his hair, agitated. "Stella still hasn't caved. Do you really think Felipa is going to sign that agreement?"
"She'll sign. I've offered her plenty of incentives. If she doesn't know what's good for her, she'll have to face the consequences."
Mrs. Waverly didn't think much of the young stepmother. She was just a mistress
who had clawed her way up. Nothing to worry about.
Lemira stormed out of the Waverly estate, still seething with rage.
*Honk. Honk.*
A car horn blared behind her.
Lemira turned around in annoyance, only to see Orion's car. What was he doing here?
Orion rolled down the window. "Get in."
"I'm walking to clear my head."
Lemira was purely running on adrenaline and anger.
Seeing how furious she was, Orion raised an eyebrow. "Get in. Let's go get some payback."
Lemira actually laughed at that. She
turned and walked up to his car, resting her hands on the window frame How exactly do you plarron getting payback? Are you going to go beat up Mrs. Waverly?" 
Orion looked at the girl standing by his window and leaned closer. "Want to find out?"
They were incredibly close. If Lemira moved even an inch forward, their lips would meet.
###Chapter 869
Lemira felt the atmosphere between them suddenly turn incredibly intimate.
Honestly, even though Orion had always been wonderful and deeply considerate toward her, he was also a perfect gentleman. He had never once crossed any boundaries.
The only time they had shared any real physical intimacy was during those fleeting few days they dated, back before she found out he was the Everhart heir.
Since then, with everything that had happened, they had hovered in that gray area —more than friends, but not quite lovers.
Orion had always maintained a respectful distance that made her feel safe.
But ever since she had made the first move last night, the man had transformed into
a large, unchained predator, staring at her with a heavy, hungry gaze.
Flushed with sudden, scandalous thoughts, Lemira quickly stepped back to put some distance between them.
She cleared her throat. "Actually, I don't really want to know."
Seeing her blush and dodge him, Orion's eyes crinkled with amusement. "Get in and I'll tell you. Don't you want to let off some steam?"
Of course she did.
Lemira pulled the passenger door open and slid in. "Alright, tell me. What's your plan?"
Orion didn't answer. Instead, he sharply spun the steering wheel and slammed on the gas, accelerating straight toward the massive iron gates of the Waverly estate.
Lemira's heart leaped into her throat. "Orion, what are you doing?!"
"Getting payback for you. Letting the Waverlies know you're under my protection." "Are you out of your mind? Stop the car!"
Lemira had never expected Orion to suddenly act so recklessly.
Thankfully, he slammed on the brakes just in time, stopping inches from the gates.
Lemira stared at the man beside her, her heart hammering against her ribs. "Orion, I never realized you were so... so..."
For a moment, she couldn't even find the words to describe him.
Orion reached over and gently tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. "Were you worried about me?"
"I was worried about myself! What if you actually rammed the gates and we both died in a fiery crash? I haven't even had a real relationship yet!"
As soon as the words left her mouth, Orion pinched her earlobe lightly. "Never had a real relationship?"
His gaze turned intensely dark, and Lemira suddenly remembered the brief few days they had officially been together.
She stubbornly dug her heels in. "That's right."
"Then what were we?"
"That only lasted a few days. That doesn't count."
Hearing that, Orion gritted his teeth in frustration. "So you're just denying it now?"
Seeing him actually get riled up brought a flicker of satisfaction to Lemira's chest, though she kept her face perfectly composed. What am I denying? In your eyes, what exactly were we?" 
"We were officially together. We dated."
""'Dated' past tense. Which means it's over."
As soon as she said that, Orion gently but firmly gripped her chin.
He was drowning in jealousy. "Even so, we were together. We were official. And besides, we're together again now."
Lemira swatted his hand away. "We agreed to be a secret. As my secret boyfriend, your status is highly classified."
In the past, Orion had always set the pace. When she first fell for him, he had constantly pushed her away and kept his distance.
Now, it was his turn to experience that nerve-wracking insecurity.
Looking at the fiery, stubborn girl in front of him, Orion was completely helpless.
He couldn't bring himself to scold her, and he certainly couldn't be harsh with her.
He could only sigh. "Alright, I shouldn't have joked around like
that. I just saw how furious you were
and wanted to help you blow off
some steam. But would never
actually put you in danger
With her sitting in the passenger seat, there was absolutely no way he would risk crashing into the gates.
Lemira finally calmed down and looked at him. "You knew I was panicking."
"Yes. I looked into Stella's whereabouts. She's inside the Waverly estate. If you call the police, they likely won't do anything."
As far as the law was concerned, Stella was just sitting safely inside her own family home. How was that a kidnapping?
"But Stella is being held against her will. Asher and Mrs. Waverly are conspiring to force Felipa to sign the Waverly Trust transfer. They won't let Stella go until she does. 
###Chapter 870
Orion's expression hardened. "That is definitely the only way they can get their hands on that kind of money right now."
"If the cops can't do anything, are we really just going to let them get away with it? Are we just going to watch Mrs. Waverly bully a widow and an orphan?"
Lemira couldn't swallow this injustice.
"There is one way to get Stella her freedom quickly."
"What is it?"
"I can just pay Asher off."
Hearing this, Lemira stared at him blankly before reaching over to press the back of her hand against his forehead. "You don't have a fever. Did you start drinking early today?"
Otherwise, why would he be talking such absolute nonsense?
Orion caught her hand. "I'm completely serious. I could even negotiate for some shares in the Langston Group. That's not too much to ask, is it?"
But Lemira knew he was only doing this for her.
She looked up at him. "Are you always this generous with your money?"
"I'm only generous with you. I don't want to see you upset, and I don't want to watch you exhaust yourself fighting for your friends."
"Hmph, your money is my money. Why should we give it to Asher? That would only make me angrier. The Waverly family has zero shame, scheming against their own niece like this."
Lemira ranted furiously for a good minute before realizing Orion was just staring at her intently.
She touched her face. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"What did you just say?"
"I said the Waverly family has zero shame, scheming against their own niece."
"The sentence before that."
Meeting his dark, intense gaze, Lemira suddenly realized what had slipped out. Her exact words had been: *Your money is my money.*
Lemira quickly averted her eyes. "I forgot."
Orion, however, was in an incredibly good mood. "Since it pains you so much to spend *our* money, we'll go with another plan. Ahem, but just for the record, I have plenty of it to spare."
Lemira obviously knew the Everhart heir wasn't hurting for cash.
But she absolutely refused to let him pay Asher off just to save her the trouble. She would choke before she gave Asher a dime.
Lemira quickly changed the subject. "Before I went to the Waverly estate, I actually ran into Felipa."
Lemira explained their conversation and the bait-and-switch plan they had drawn up.
Orion frowned slightly. "I'm surprised this stepmother even has guardianship rights over the trust."
"I was shocked too. George Waverly must have
set it
up that way to
ensure Stella wouldn't get bullied by the rest of the family. But to protect Stella Felipa has no choice but to play along. She can't fight them head-on." 
Lemira looked at Orion. "Do you think our plan will work?"
"It's workable, but you need to be extremely careful not to tip them off. They aren't idiots. If you cave too easily they fimmediately geb Suspicious." 
Lemira nodded. "You're right. Which means I'm going to need you to step in."
They had to make sure the Waverly family's guard was completely down.
And to sell the performance, they had to make it look incredibly convincing.
Lemira looked at Orion, whose hands were resting lightly on the steering wheel. "Go ahead. Floor it and ram the gates."
"You want to play for real?"
"It's the only way they'll believe you're genuinely furious and stepping in to protect me. If you just sit on the sidelines, they'll stay on high alert."
Seeing the teasing smirk forming on Orion's lips, Lemira's face flushed deep red. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Who was just yelling at me to stop?"
"Well, that was before we had a plan!"
Lemira stared down the Waverly gates. "Are you going to do it or not? Are you scared?"
"I'm scared of you getting hurt."
Orion turned to her, reaching out to
gently take her hand. "We'll find
another way to sell it. This is net
dangerous. I am never letting you get into another car crash! 
Even a staged one was completely out of the question.
Lemira could only focus on the heat of his palm, burning against her skin, making
her feel as though she were melting.
###Chapter 871
Lemira lowered her eyes and looked at his hands. "What's your brilliant plan then?"
"Get out of the car and reason with them, obviously!"
A flash of surprise crossed Lemira's eyes. What was the point of reasoning with the Waverlies?
They were desperate for money right now; people like that wouldn't listen to reason.
Orion parked the car directly outside the Waverly estate. "It won't work if you go, but I'm going. They need to know you have me backing you up. If we don't push them to the edge, how will they panic enough to fall for the trap?"
Lemira thought it made sense.
But she had just walked out of the Waverly estate, and now she was going right back?
This time, Orion rolled down his window, implicitly revealing his identity, and drove aggressively onto the property.
Lemira watched his calm demeanor. He truly lived up to his title as the Everhart heir. Recognizing Orion's car, no one dared to stop them.
He didn't bother parking in the designated area. Instead, he drove straight over the pristine lawn and parked right at the front door of the mansion.
Bodyguards and staff rushed over, staring at Lemira and Orion like they were a massive threat.
But no one stepped forward to say a word.
Lemira took it all in. She turned her head and saw Orion resting one hand on the steering wheel, looking completely relaxed. He didn't look like someone who was here to pick a fight at all.
The sheer confidence of the Everhart heir!
Orion turned his head, catching Lemira's gaze. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"You look like you know how to fight. Did you and Thaddeus Draven get into a lot of brawls back in school?"
An image of arrogant, hot-blooded rich kids flashed through Lemira's mind.
Orion narrowed his eyes slightly. "You're overthinking it."
He never had to get his own hands dirty.
"Right. I heard you graduated from Orvin University, so you were probably a top student."
A wealthy, brilliant, and strikingly handsome guy he must have been absolutely untouchable in high school.
Lemira tilted her head at him. "Did a lot of girls have crushes on you and write you love letters back then?"
Orion let out a low chuckle. Just as he was about to answer, Mrs. Waverly marched out of the house, furious.
Lemira and Orion immediately dropped the subject.
Mrs. Waverly had a dark look on her
face, her attitude outright hostile
"Mr. Everhart, you intentionally
ruined my lawn Do you have
problem with me 
Orion stepped out of the car. "Yes.
heard my girlfriend was wrongede here just now. Naturally had fo come see exactly what happened." 
Lemira followed him out, walking straight to his side. She looked at Mrs. Waverly with a hint of smugness.
She knew she needed to play the part of the arrogant girlfriend leaning on her powerful backer.
Only by infuriating the Waverlies would they succeed.
Mrs. Waverly was livid. "Mr. Everhart, you should know this is a family matter. Even if you're here
personally, you're over.ne
overstepping your
bounds." 
"Stella Waverly is my girlfriend's best friend. My girlfriend likes helping people, so I
have to back her up."
Orion grabbed Lemira's hand and confidently walked inside.
Mrs. Waverly stormed after them. "Lemira is just being a busybody."
Deep down, Mrs. Waverly lacked confidence.
After all, Orion was not someone to cross. If he was dead set on backing Lemira,
this would become an incredibly thorny issue.
Orion domineeringly held Lemira's hand. "I can't help it. I hate seeing her upset.
You'll just have to deal with it, Mrs. Waverly."
Mrs. Waverly was suffocating with anger. He was openly threatening her.
She finally asked, "What exactly do you want?"
Regardless, she was never going to hand Stella over.
Orion spoke calmly. "Where is Stella?"
"I don't know. If you're so capable, Mr. Everhart, search the place yourself!"
Orion squeezed Lemira's hand, signaling her to stay calm.
He looked at Mrs. Waverly. "That would be illegal. We'll just sit right here and wait."
###Chapter 872
Lemira let Orion lead her to the sofa, sitting down beside him.
Honestly, she could never pull off something this brazen on her own.
Yet Orion was perfectly composed, acting as if he owned the living room.
Mrs. Waverly ground her teeth. "Waiting here won't do you any good."
Orion gave her a meaningful look. "I wouldn't be here if it didn't."
Mrs. Waverly fell silent. Had Orion found out something?
She stormed off. "Suit yourselves."
Once she was gone, Orion looked at the nearby butler. "Bring us some juice and fresh fruit."
The butler hesitated but complied.
He was the Everhart heir, after all. Basic hospitality was mandatory.
After the butler left, Lemira leaned in and whispered, "This wasn't part of the plan."
"Plans change."
Orion glanced at her. "We can't just use brute force, but we can't let them get too comfortable either. Don't you have Auntie Felipa's contact info? Tell her to make her move."
Lemira nodded. "But she'll probably hear we're here soon enough. Gossip about us shamelessly crashing their living room will spread fast."
Sure enough, Felipa appeared not long after.
But the moment Orion saw her face, a flash of wariness crossed his eyes. Why did she look so much like that fake sister, Evelina Sterling?
Lemira gave his hand a gentle tug. She had the exact same reaction the first time she met her.
But with eyes watching them, they kept quiet.
Felipa sat on the sofa, looking incredibly pale. "I came to tell you... Stella doesn't want to see you."
Seeing her expression, Lemira immediately knew Mrs. Waverly had threatened her. If it wasn't Stella, it was her young, sickly son.
Lemira flared with anger. "Did someone threaten you? Just nod, and I'll call the cops right now."
"No, this is just family business. Ms. Langston, you don't need to worry. Stella will be back in classes soon."
Lemira frowned. "I don't believe you. Not unless I see her with my own eyes."
Felipa finally let out a heavy sigh, stood up, and walked away.
Mrs. Waverly and Asher Langston had been hiding nearby, watching the entire exchange. Mrs. Waverly looked displeased. "Your sister really has a knack for causing trouble. It's a shame you two don't get along you had the Everharts backing you, you wouldn't need to partner with me." 
Asher's expression darkened at the words, fully aware she was mocking him.
He snapped impatiently, "Then hurry up and make that woman sign the papers. Otherwise, Lemira and Orion won't leave, and you'll be stuck too."
"You don't need to tell me. That woman cares about her son more than anything. She'll sign."
Mrs. Waverly was in a terrible mood. She marched straight over and blocked Felipa's path. "Well? Have you thought it through?"
"You're taking this too far! This is despicable!"
Felipa's face flushed with anger, though she still looked completely fragile.
Mrs. Waverly always despised women like her. She sneered, "You didn't think it was despicable when you became my brother's mistress?"
Asher chimed in, "Just sign the papers. You'll get every cent you
were promised. And you don't
need to worry about Stella, If take fu Stella, uttakesty responsibility for her."
Although he had to resort to threats, since he was taking Stella's inheritance, he fully intended to provide for her.
Felipa lowered her head in silence for a moment, looking entirely resigned. "Fine. I'll sign."
d.ne
She pulled out the contract she had prepared in advance. In their desperation, neither Mrs. Waverly
print. 
FindNovel.net
nor Asher bothered the fine
Watching them, a cold gleam flashed in Felipa's eyes.
They took the bait.
###Chapter 873
Lemira and Orion lounged at the Waverly estate, refusing to leave.
Orion shamelessly demanded that the staff bring them fruit and meals.
Honestly, Lemira could never pull off this level of arrogant composure. Without him by her side, she would have cracked under the pressure long ago.
By late afternoon, Stella finally came downstairs.
The moment Lemira saw her, her eyes welled up with tears. She rushed over. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine."
Stella shook her head, but her own eyes instantly turned red.
She had been putting up a strong front this whole time, but seeing her best friend finally broke the dam of her emotions, letting a wave of despair wash over her.
Lemira pulled her into a tight hug. "It's over. I'm taking you out of here."
Stella froze. She glanced at Orion on the sofa, realizing Lemira was only able to pull this off because of his presence.
Sadly, some things were already lost.
She couldn't protect the inheritance her father left her.
Just then, Asher stepped forward. "Stella, if you ever need anything, just ask. I will take good care of you for the rest of your life."
At the sight of him, Stella instinctively shrank behind Lemira.
Her face drained of color. "I don't need anything from you. Get away from me."
She used to think Asher was somewhat of a gentleman, unlike the other sleazy blind dates who always tried to grope her.
But while he wasn't a p***, he was just as utterly despicable.
Asher softened his tone. "I know you're furious right now, but I swear I'll provide for you and ensure you live well."
Lemira shoved him back. "Who needs you to provide for her? Did she lose her arms and legs?"
Caught off guard, Asher stumbled back a couple of steps.
Seeing Lemira, his tone turned harsh. "Show some respect to my future wife!"
Lemira's suppressed anger instantly erupted.
She pointed right at his face. "Have you no shame? Stella has never liked you, and she certainly doesn't need your delusional promises to take eare of her. This is straight harassment, do you understand?" 
"Lemira, watch your tone. I am your older brother, and she will be my wife. I suggest you remember that."
Asher didn't have the patience to bicker with her.
Lemira blocked his path to Stella. "Back off."
Asher frowned. "I need to speak with my fiancée."
Orion had seen enough. He stepped up, completely blocking Asher. "Did you not hear the ladies? She rejected you. She never agreed to be with you. That makes this harassment."
With Orion stepping in, the two men faced off, neither backing down.
One mature and authoritative, the other young and dangerous.
Yet, surprisingly, the younger man's presence was far more suffocating.
Mrs. Waverly walked out just then. "Mr. Everhart, Stella has already agreed to an engagement with M Langston, and the will has officially taken@ffect. Legally speaking, Mr. Langston and our Stella are officially bound." 
Mrs. Waverly was in a fantastic mood.
She shot Stellà a look. "Stop being so picky. Do you know how many men I've yetted for you over the
years? You rejected all of them. But Mr. Langston
différent. He doesn't
even mind your disability. You
should learn some gratitude."
For years, Mrs. Waverly had borne the responsibility of finding Stella a fiancé.
But if she found someone too low-class, she'd become a laughingstock in their social circle. Since she wanted to keep the inheritance tied to Stella, she had to play the patient matchmaker.
And the result?
Stella didn't appreciate it at all. Now that Mrs. Waverly needed a massive favor, Stella refused to help.
That was why Mrs. Waverly resorted to these extreme measures in a fit of rage. The money belonged to the Waverlies anyway. Stella would marry eventually, so they might as well take control of the funds now.
Lemira glared at her mockingly. "Mrs. Waverly, you aren't even her legal guardian. What gives you the right to dictate her life?"
###Chapter 874
"This is Waverly family business. It is not your place to interfere!"
Mrs. Waverly's blood boiled just looking at Lemira. If it weren't for Orion backing the girl up, she would have taught her a brutal lesson.
Unfortunately, she could only imagine it. She couldn't actually make a move.
Asher looked at Stella. "I know you need time to process this. I'll give you space. Eventually, you'll realize I'm the best man for you."
He knew he used a bastard's method to secure her money, but he fully intended to take responsibility for her.
He meant every word.
Lemira grabbed Stella's hand. "Let's go!"
Mrs. Waverly tried to block them, but Orion stepped right in her path. "I'd advise you
to stop committing crimes, unless you want to end up behind bars one day."
A faint smile played on his lips, but the threat was unmistakable.
Mrs. Waverly was speechless.
Asher fell silent.
The implication in the man's words hung heavily in the air.
With Orion covering their exit, Lemira forcefully led Stella outside.
When Stella saw the luxury car parked brazenly at the entrance, leaving deep tire tracks across the pristine lawn, she instantly knew what had gone down. A wave of immense gratitude washed over her.
Thank God she still had friends.
Lemira spoke up, "Let's get in the car first."
She sat in the backseat with Stella, refusing to let go of her hand. "Are you really okay? If you want to call the police, we'll go with you."
She was terrified Asher had hurt her.
Stella shook her head. "I don't want to go back to campus. Can you help me book a hotel?"
"You're coming to my place," Lemira decided immediately.
Hearing this, Orion turned the steering wheel in a new direction. He knew exactly where Lemira lived.
Soon, the car pulled into the apartment's underground garage.
Orion stepped out and looked at Lemira. "I'm going to grab some food. You two head up first."
He knew the girls needed a private space to talk.
Besides, he needed to buy dinner.
Lemira nodded and took Stella straight upstairs.
Stella had been severely depressed the whole ride. Once she slumped onto the sofa, she said, "To force my hand my aunt not only locked me up but used my little brother as Teverage." 
"I know, but they didn't get away with it this time."
Lemira smiled, leaving Stella completely confused. "What do you mean?"
Lemira explained the entire bait-and-switch plan.
Stella was stunned. "That document was fake?"
"Exactly. They were in such a rush to get rid of me and Orion that they probably didn't even read the fine print Auntie Felipa banded them. By the time they realize theyve been"
played, you'll be completely free."
Stella sat frozen for a long moment before a massive smile finally broke across her
face. "Really? Am I dreaming?"
"You're wide awake."
Stella's emotions had been on a wild roller coaster all day, but now her spirit suddenly soared.
Then she hesitated. "But if they find out, Auntie Felipa will be in danger."
"Don't worry. She told us she's sneaking your brother out of the city tonight."
Relieved, Stella immediately dialed Felipa's number.
The call connected quickly. A woman's voice came through, "Are you back at school?"
"I'm at a friend's place. Are you okay over there?"
"I'm fine. They're so busy celebrating that they haven't noticed a thing. But I bought our plane tickets to leave tonight, so I don't become a liability become a liability. to you." 
Stella fell silent for a moment. "Thank you."
She never had a good impression of the woman who was once the other woman.
But after all these years, she never expected Felipa to risk everything for her.
After all, Felipa could have easily taken Mrs. Waverly's deal and forced Stella to sign the real papers.
Plus, Felipa's striking resemblance to Evelina Sterling always gave Stella a subconscious aversion to her.
Stella paused before asking, "Why did you help me?"
She still felt a strange mixture of emotions she couldn't quite name.
###Chapter 875
"Before your father passed, he told me to take good care of you. I haven't done much for you over the years, so consider this my way of making amends. But once I'm gone, they will definitely come looking for trouble. You have to be careful."
Stella nodded. "I know."
She wouldn't fall for their tricks a second time.
After hanging up, Lemira handed her a tissue. "Wipe your tears. Everything is fine
now. Whatever you want to do, I'll be right here with you."
Stella nodded and looked around the apartment. "Are you and Orion living together?"
Lemira froze. "No."
"Then why do I see men's slippers? And you didn't even give him the address earlier; he just drove straight here like he practically owns the place."
Lemira stared at her. "You were just crying your eyes out, and you still have the energy to notice all that?"
"I'm a journalism major. Spotting details is in my blood. It's an instinct."
Knowing her money was safe instantly revived Stella's mood.
She glanced around again. "No extra clothes, so you guys don't come here often. Tsk, tsk, Orion is falling behind. The way he looks at you, it's like he wants to devour you whole, yet he hasn't even made a move?"
"What are you talking about!"
Lemira's face flushed a deep crimson.
Just then, the sound of a key turning in the lock echoed through the apartment. Orion was back.
Lemira quickly dropped Stella's hand, her face still burning, and jumped up. "I'll help you with that."
Orion set the bags on the floor. His gaze dropped, catching the bright red tips of Lemira's ears, and his eyes darkened slightly.
He handed her one of the bags. "These are toiletries I just picked up. The rest is food. I'll go set the table."
As Lemira took the bag, her fingers brushed against his. His skin was incredibly warm.
Remembering Stella's teasing, she turned and brought the items over. "You're sharing a room with me tonight."
Stella glanced at the layout. "Can't I just take the guest room? You two can take the master bedroom!"
Hearing this, Orion's back stiffened. He shot Lemira an unreadable look. "I'll take the sofa."
Lemira felt her face heat up even more.
Stella
them, then whispered to Lemira net
O between the two of
"Wait, is he the one sleeping
guest room? 
Lemira nodded.
Stella practically vibrated with excitement. "You guys haven't slept together yet? Mmph-"
Lemira slapped a hand over Stella's mouth, her face burning. "Stop it, he'll hear you," she hissed.
Stella coughed to clear her throat. "Never mind then. I'll just go book a hotel."
"Absolutely not. You're staying here. It's too dangerous for you out there."
Stella shook her head. "I'm not used to sharing a bed anyway. I really shouldn't crash your party."
Lemira was stubborn. Blushing furiously, she said, "I'll go get the guest room ready."
She had originally planned for Stella
to share her bed, but if Stella hated
sleeping with someone else, sh? could take the guest room 
Orion could sleep wherever.
Lemira walked into the kitchen and looked at Orion. "Should you go clear out your
stuff?"
"I don't think I left anything in there, but you can go double-check."
Orion really hadn't stayed over that many times, but it was better to be safe.
Lemira headed into the guest room. It was mostly empty.
She checked the bed, knowing she needed to change the sheets, and found it clear.
Then she opened the closet.
Inside, she found a set of men's pajamas. And a pair of boxer briefs.
Blushing furiously, Lemira tucked the boxers inside the pajama shirt, bundled it up, and scurried into her
bedroom to hide them.
.net
Orion had already plated the dinner. He stood by the table, watching her. "All set?"
Lemira nodded, too embarrassed to meet his eyes.
The three of them sat down to eat.
###Chapter 876
Stella asked about their car, and Lemira recounted exactly what they did that afternoon.
Stella laughed so hard her stomach hurt. "My aunt spent a fortune on that landscaping. She's obsessed with that pristine, aesthetic lawn. Seeing you guys completely wreck it must have ruined her appetite for weeks."
Lemira laughed along. "It was all Orion's idea. He's the absolute worst."
Orion glanced up at Lemira, pressing his tongue against the inside of his cheek.
He was the worst?
She hadn't even seen his truly bad side yet. He was just holding back so he didn't terrify her.
After chatting, Stella yawned. "I'm going to turn in. I haven't slept at all."
"I'll help you make the bed."
Lemira went to the guest room with Stella.
Orion cleared the dining table, then sat on the sofa. His gaze drifted toward the
guest room, listening to the girls laughing together.
He looked away after a moment.
Half an hour later, Lemira walked out.
She saw the man on the sofa and walked over. "She's asleep."
It was obvious Stella had been forcing herself to stay awake just to talk; the moment
her head hit the pillow, she was out cold.
Orion lowered his voice. "Where are my clothes?"
"In my room. Follow me."
Lemira didn't think twice and headed into her bedroom.
Orion's gaze lingered for a second before he followed her inside.
Hearing the click of the door shutting behind him, Lemira turned around. The
spacious bedroom suddenly felt suffocatingly small with him in it.
She looked down and handed him his clothes. "Here's your stuff."
But Orion didn't take them. He asked, "What did you call me earlier?"
Meeting those predatory, darkened eyes, Lemira took a step back. "Nothing." "You said I was the worst. What exactly have I done to you to earn that?" Orion stepped closer with every word.
Lemira was backed into the corner by the wardrobe, with nowhere left to retreat.
still clutching his pajamas, were pressed flat against his chest
He kept advancing until her t
feeling the intense heat radiating from his body. 
Her face flushed hotly as she gripped the fabric. "I was just talking! You purposely drove your car over their lawn. that's not a bad idea what is? FindNovel.net
She tried to keep arguing, but his thumb brushed against her lips, gently tracing her bottom lip.
His eyes were locked onto her mouth, as if he hadn't heard a single word she said.
Lemira hadn't turned on the main lights when she came in. The room was dim, lit only by the faint glow slipping through the window.
With them pressed so intimately close, everything around her blurred, leaving only the sharp, striking silhouette of his face.
Orion's voice dropped to a low rumble. "I helped you out today. How are you going to thank me?"
"Some other time..."
Before she could finish, his burning body pressed flush against hers.
He lowered his head, pressing a kiss to her cheek, his voice laced with heavy
restraint. "I don't want 'some other time.' I want something else."
"Something... else? Like what?"
She turned her head slightly, but they were still impossibly close. His body heat felt like a fire slowly consuming her.
Orion whispered, "Candy."
Lemira looked back at him in confusion. "What candy... Mmph."
She never got the chance to finish. He cupped her face, his thumbs gently grazing
her skin, transferring his scorching heat directly into her.
The kiss wasn't gentle at all. It was fiercely possessive, completely dominating.
In the shadowy corner of the room, the two figures clung tightly to each other, their breathing spiraling out of control.
Right before he completely lost his grip on his sanity, Orion pulled back. His dark eyes burned like absolute fire.
His voice was ragged. "Candy that tastes this sweet. Understand?"
He had been wanting to do this for a long time.
Ever since she purposely stood outside his car window in broad daylight, he had been craving exactly this.
Blushing furiously, Lemira pushed
him away. In her panic, the thes
she was holding tumbled to
floor The boxer briefs fluttered the furthest away content belongs to
FindNovel.net
As she tried to escape, she stepped directly onto them. The gray fabric-complete
with a little slit at the front.
The realization sent a shockwave of heat straight through her heart.
###Chapter 877
The moment Lemira looked down and realized she stepped on his boxers, her face caught fire.
This was mortifying.
She yanked her foot back instantly and darted straight into the walk-in closet.
Her face was burning. She caught her reflection in the mirror-her eyes wide and misty, her lips incredibly swollen and flushed.
Her entire body felt like it was burning up.
She remembered stepping right on that specific spot and wanted to melt into the floor.
Outside the closet, Orion watched the girl flee. He bent down to pick up his pajama shirt, and as his fingers brushed against the boxers, a faint, wicked smirk tugged at
his lips.
He stood outside the closet door. "I'm going to take a shower."
Lemira's brain short-circuited. She immediately jumped to wildly inappropriate conclusions.
Didn't people usually take showers right before... that?
What... what was he planning to do?
She sneaked out of the closet and heard the sound of running water from her en- suite bathroom.
Lemira sat on the edge of the bed, her cheeks refusing to cool down. She desperately tried to figure out how she was going to reject him when he came out.
But she waited. And waited. Orion still hadn't come out.
That didn't make sense. He usually showered incredibly fast. He even used to tease her for being as slow as a snail.
She waited a little longer, eventually losing her patience.
Did he pass out in there?
She walked up to the bathroom door and knocked. "Orion, what's taking you so long?"
The water kept running.
Inside, Orion was leaning heavily against the shower wall. He caught a glimpse of her silhouette through the frosted glass door, and his breathing instantly hitched, growing dangerously heavy.
"Orion?"
"Wait."
Hearing his voice, Lemira felt a strange flutter of unease. Something sounded off.
Orion tilted his head back against the wall, grabbing a few tissues. His Adam's apple bobbed sharply. "Are you in a rush?"
His voice was incredibly raspy.
He had only intended to take a quick, cold shower, but his body was ruthlessly honest. The tension simply wouldn't fade.
He had no choice but to take care of it himself.
Outside, Lemira practically leaped
back three steps. "Don't
misunderstand! I was just checking because you've been in there forever Why didn' Why didn't you use the
guest bathroom? 
"It wouldn't be convenient out there."
Remembering Stella was right down the hall, Lemira finally dropped the subject.
A while later, Orion finally stepped
out.
single button fastened right up to his collar, completely cover Covered up red p 
even wearing his pret
Lemira glanced at him. "You're sleeping on the sofa tonight. Do you need me to grab you a blanket?"
What she really meant was that if he didn't want the sofa, he should just go back to his own place.
He obviously had a home.
But Orion refused. "Why? We might
be keeping our relationship a
but we are still boyfriend and foret,
girlfriend 
"But Stella is right outside."
"Do you really think she hasn't figured it out?"
Orion glanced at the large bed. "Relax. With someone else in the apartment, I won't touch you."
Lemira met his gaze, feeling completely seen through.
She turned and marched into the bathroom. This man was getting more wicked by the minute.
But as she started getting ready for bed, she suddenly caught a whiff of a very distinct, heavy musky scent.
Like the aftermath of intense release.
The moment it clicked in her head what that scent was, she knew exactly why Orion was in there for so long.
Her face, which had finally returned to a normal color, violently ignited all over again. She ground her teeth. Seriously.
He was outrageous.
After washing up and changing into her pajamas, she kept her bra on.
The man was still in her room, after all.
She walked out and saw Orion leaning casually against her vanity, looking at a framed photo of her.
Lemira walked over, her face still red. "You should really just go home to sleep." "Kicking me out the moment I'm no longer useful?"
He set the photo down and walked toward her. Lemira immediately looked guarded.
###Chapter 878
He gave a helpless sigh. "I told you, with someone else here, I won't do anything."
"But in the bathroom, you..."
Lemira trailed off, unable to finish the sentence.
Orion looked slightly awkward. His voice dropped low. "When I'm around you, it's impossible for me not to get worked up. I apologize."
Lemira kept her head down, saying nothing.
He stepped right in front of her, his tone dropping even softer. "Then I'll head out. I'll come back tomorrow."
As much as he desperately wanted to hold her while he slept, he wanted her to feel safe even more.
Orion changed back into the clothes he wore earlier and stepped out of the closet. He looked at Lemira's back.
Standing near the door, his tone was dead serious. "I am completely serious about you."
He didn't want her to misunderstand his intentions.
He liked her. Every part of him, body and soul, craved her.
Hearing his voice, Lemira suddenly felt a pang of guilt. Was she being too harsh kicking him out like this?
Honestly, when they were kissing earlier, she felt it too.
Thinking about everything Orion had done for her lately, her heart softened. She turned around to look at him. "It's getting late. Why don't you just stay for tonight?"
As she said it, her striking eyes were wide and shimmering, laced with absolute shyness.
The darkness in Orion's eyes vanished, replaced by a brilliant spark. "Okay."
He turned back into the closet, pausing for a second. "I promise, I absolutely won't try anything else tonight."
Lemira kept her back to him, staying silent as the rustle of clothes echoed from the closet.
Her face felt impossibly hot, but she knew Orion had only ever been incredibly good to her.
She didn't feel the need to keep her guard up, and she trusted his promise.
Still embarrassed, she quickly scrambled under the covers and flicked off the main lights.
She only left his bedside lamp on, keeping her side in the shadows so she didn't have to face him directly under bright lights.
When Orion finished changing, he caught sight of his sharp, handsome reflection in the mirror Me
deliberately smoothed out his collar, acting exactly like a peacock fluffing its feathers. 
Stepping out, he noticed the room was completely dim.
He glanced at the girl burying her head beneath the blankets, and a slow smile spread across his lips. He casually walked over and slipped into bed. The sheets carried a faint, sweet fragrance, exactly like the body wash in her shower. .net
Surrounded by her scent, his entire body felt like it was sinking into soft cotton, leaving him completely helpless and entirely at her mercy.
He rolled over to look at the girl pretending to be asleep next to him, impossible not to feel thrilled.
She actually let him stay. It meant, deep down, she had already accepted him.
Lemira could feel Orion's intense, predatory gaze on her. Her entire body went rigid. Why was he just staring at her?
After what felt like an eternity, she felt a soft touch against her ear. She cautiously cracked an eye open, immediately locking onto his deep, somber gaze.
Her voice trembled slightly. "W-what are you doing?"
His long fingers gently tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. "Goodnight, Lemmy," he whispered.
With that, Orion rolled onto his back, resting his hands neatly on his stomach, falling into an impossibly rigid, perfect sleeping posture.
Lemira peeked at him, her face flushing, but a sweet warmth bloomed in her chest.
This was entirely new territory for her.
She assumed she would be tossing and turning all night, but the next time she opened her eyes, morning sunlight was streaming through the curtains.
Then she realized she was
completely trapped against someone's chest. A large, strong arm was wrapped tightly around her waist while his other hand had slid
upward, resting directly over her chest... 
FindNovel.net
Lemira's face instantly turned tomato red. Was this man taking advantage of her in
his sleep?
And after he explicitly promised not to try anything!
###Chapter 879
Blushing fiercely, Lemira cautiously tried to pry his hand away.
If she could just sneak out of bed before he woke up, she could avoid the
awkwardness entirely.
But the moment she shifted, Orion stirred.
He rubbed his chin against the top of her head, his voice thick with sleep. "You're awake. Morning, Lemmy."
Instinctively, his arms tightened, pulling her deeper into his embrace. It was a completely subconscious reaction.
He thought he was still dreaming, but the undeniable softness pressed against his palm dragged him back to reality.
Orion's eyes snapped open. He stared at the back of the girl tucked into his chest, noticing that the tips of her ears were completely crimson.
He instantly realized exactly where his hand was resting.
He quickly shifted his hand down, burying his face in her hair. "Sorry. I thought I was dreaming."
"You're a liar," she muttered.
"I'm not. Because only in my dreams are you this obedient, letting me hold you, letting me kiss you."
Letting me do whatever I want with you.
He kept that last thought to himself.
Lemira's back was plastered against his chest, which felt like a giant furnace. Worse, his arms were still locked around her waist, showing absolutely zero intention of letting go.
She couldn't take the tension anymore. "Then let go. I need to get up."
Sensing she was at her absolute limit, Orion decided not to push his luck. He released her. "You're the one who rolled into my arms last night, you know."
Hearing this, Lemira turned to look at him suspiciously.
But knowing she was a notoriously terrible sleeper, and remembering how stiffly he was lying when he went to sleep, she really didn't have a leg to stand on.
Her face burning, she scrambled out of bed and darted into the bathroom to wash up.
Her heart was hammering wildly against her ribs. She pressed a hand over her chest; she could still feel the lingering heat and weight of his large palm.
She splashed freezing water onto her face. What was wrong with her brain right now?
She intentionally took her time, stalling as much as possible. When she finally stepped out, Orion was walking in from the hallway, carrying a stack of fresh clothes.
Lemira glanced at the clothes. Besides his pajamas, there was absolutely nothing else of his in the apartment.
Did he have someone deliver this?
Orion looked up. "I had breakfast sent over. Go see if you like it. If you don't, I'll have them bring something else."
"Them?"
"Yeah. My executive assistant is waiting outside."
Lemira nodded. The Langston family used to be quite wealthy in Lyria, so having
personal assistants waiting on hand and foot wasn't totally alien to her.
She desperately wanted to escape the awkward tension of being in the bedroom with him. And to make matters worse, instead of going into the closet he stood right by the bed and casually pulled his pajama shirt over his head, exposing his completely bare chest. 
Lemira caught one glance and practically fled the room in a panic.
Hearing the door slam shut behind her, Orion's mood instantly skyrocketed.
Out in the living room, Lemira finally managed to calm her racing heart. She walked
over to the dining table and saw the takeout boxes.
She recognized the packaging—it was an incredibly lavish breakfast spread from Bistrova.
Just then, Stella walked out, a deeply mischievous glint in her eyes. "You
guys together
anally slepast night,
and you straight-up led to me about sleeping in separate rooms!" 
Stella had gotten up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night. When she saw the sofa was empty, she knew instantly Orion had slipped into Lemira's room. fo FindNovel.net
Lemira grabbed her arm. "Stop talking nonsense."
"You shared a room, don't try to play innocent with me. I get it, drop the act."
Stella smirked and wandered over to inspect the food.
Lemira sat down. "How did you sleep?"
"Great. Knowing my money is safe means I don't have to worry about a thing."
Stella eyed the spread. "Orion really spoils you. This is all your favorite stuff, right?"
Since they were best friends, Stella knew exactly what Lemira liked to eat.
"Can all this food not shut you up?" Lemira grumbled.
Orion walked out, fully dressed in a tailored suit, oozing the aura of a high-society elite.
Stella looked at him. "Thank you both for helping me."
###Chapter 880
Lemira smiled. "Don't say thank you. We're best friends."
Stella looked at Orion. "Thank you too, Orion."
"No need to thank me. I am your best friend's boyfriend, after all," Orion replied in a perfectly calm, matter-of-fact tone.
Stella burst into a teasing laugh. Beside her, Lemira kept her head glued to the table, her face entirely flushed.
After breakfast, Stella checked the time. "I've got morning classes. I'm going to head to campus."
Lemira was worried. "I feel like Mrs. Waverly is going to figure out the contract is fake very soon."
Those vultures would definitely hunt Stella down again.
Stella let out a cold laugh. "I won't let them win again. I hired an extremely capable bodyguard."
"Just one? Are you sure that's enough? Should you hire a few more?"
Lemira was still anxious.
Stella blinked. "One is more than enough. And I trust him completely."
Orion narrowed his eyes slightly. "He's back?"
Stella lowered her gaze and nodded. "Yes."
"Then he's definitely all you need."
Lemira felt like the two of them were speaking in riddles, but she didn't push it. It wasn't until Stella opened the front door to leave that Lemira spotted the towering silhouette waiting in the hallway.
The man was dressed in all black, a baseball cap pulled low over his face.
His massive frame was undeniably intimidating, and his rolled-up sleeves revealed powerful, heavily muscled forearms. It was glaringly obvious that he was incredibly lethal.
Unfortunately, he was standing in the shadows, making it impossible to see his face clearly.
But Lemira would bet money that the bodyguard was strikingly handsome.
Orion shut the front door and murmured darkly, "Done staring?"
Her curiosity piqued, Lemira tried to step forward to peek through the peephole, but Orion blocked her path. "What is there to look at?"
"Who is that bodyguard? It sounds like you know him, but I've never heard either of you mention him before."
Lemira was purely curious. She could sense that the dynamic between Stella and that bodyguard wasn't strictly professional.
She really wanted to see his face.
Orion grabbed Lemira by the waist and lifted her effortlessly, setting her right onto the entryway console table. Trapping her between his
arms, be leaned in until they were at
eye level you seem
Kosted
very
in him." Content Belongs 
"Well, yeah! I mean, look at his build. He's so strong, and he just oozes this raw, sexual tension. The more you look at him, the more—"
Before Lemira could finish her sentence, Orion silenced her with a heavy, jealous kiss.
Her struggles were entirely useless. She could do nothing but blush furiously as he ruthlessly dominated her mouth.
When Orion finally pulled back, his hands were resting heavily on her waist, dangerously close to pushing boundaries, though he eventually forced himself to stop.
His voice was incredibly deep and rough. "My build isn't exactly lacking. Do you want to test exactly how much sexual tension I have?"
Lemira's brain was completely short-circuiting. "Don't be ridiculous! I'm just curious if he and Stella have some kind of history!"
"You want to know?"
Lemira nodded vigorously, being totally honest.
Looking at her sweet, upturned face
and her swollen, glistening
lips-which he had just thoroughly kissed Orion fought the overwhelming urge to crush his mouth against hers again harder and deeper this time. .net
Instead, he scooped her into his arms and carried her over to the sofa.
He sat down, keeping her firmly in his lap, and stared down at her. "I don't usually gossip. Unless I get a little sweetness out of it."
Sweetness?
Lemira remembered him asking for candy last night. The worst that could happen was making out with him for a bit. She didn't mind that at all.
She nodded immediately. "Deal. As long as you tell me."
Seeing her agree so readily, Orion let out a low chuckle. "He is an old high school classmate of mine. He grew up extremely poor. After graduation, he went overseas and became an elite mercenary to pay for his grandmother's medical bills."
"But if he's this hardened, lethal mercenary, why would he willingly come back to be Stella's bodyguard?"
There had to be a crazy backstory!
Orion dropped his gaze, staring intensely at Lemira's lips. His voice dropped into a dark, s*** murmur. "Because in high school, Stella chased him... and they slept together."
###Chapter 881
Lemira's eyes widened in disbelief. "Are you serious?"
Stella had never breathed a word about this!
Lemira wrapped her arms around Orion's neck. "Tell me everything. What exactly happened between them?"
"It involves some R-rated scenes. Are you sure you want all the details?"
Lemira shot him a look. "You probably don't even know the details yourself. Wait, Stella is pretty young. She slept with your high school friend?"
"Stella is a year older than you. It happened around the holidays last year. He had come back to town for a brief visit."
"Why did he come back? Don't tell me he heard Stella was fake-dating Asher?" Orion fell silent for a moment. "He came back to arrange his grandmother's funeral." Lemira paused, the gravity of the situation sinking in. "So they just ran into each other?"
"Yes, though I'm not entirely sure how it unfolded. He left shortly after the funeral. I heard Stella flew overseas to look for him later, but nothing ever came of it."
Orion had attended that funeral as well. He was the one who drove Stella home afterward, and she had been utterly despondent the entire ride.
He spoke softly. "I genuinely didn't expect him to return and become her bodyguard."
After hearing the story, Lemira immediately began picturing the romantic trope: a hardened, brooding protector and a soft, sweet heiress.
Stella had mentioned before that her parents were gone. Because of her physical condition, she had always been the one being coddled and looked after at every Waverly family gathering.
Perhaps it was through Orion that she had first met this rugged man.
While Lemira's imagination was running wild, she suddenly realized the hands resting on her waist were getting dangerously bold.
She tried to sit up straight, but he pressed her firmly down against his powerful thighs.
She could feel the hard muscle beneath the fabric of his trousers, radiating a steady, intoxicating heat.
Lemira met his gaze, but before she could utter a single word, Orion dipped his head and captured her lips without a hint of hesitation.
Her hands fluttered to his shoulders as her face burned crimson.
She thought it was just going to be a simple kiss, but why did it feel so different this time?
His hands were definitely crossing into forbidden territory. Lemira instinctively tried to stop him.
Orion nipped playfully at her earlobe. "Stay still. I'll tell you how Stella chased him later."
Lemira was still debating whether or not to give in, but he had already taken her hesitation as a yes.
An hour later, a flushed and exhausted Lemira lay limply on the sofa, nestled against his chest.
She kept her head down, too shy and flustered to meet Orion's eyes.
Reluctantly, the man withdrew his
hand from beneath the hem of her shirt and gently wiped the corner of her mouth. Want to hear the rest now, or later?" 
"Later."
As soon as Lemira spoke, she realized her throat was painfully dry.
She turned her flushed face
at him "This dy
refusing to look?
is all
your fault. I'm thirsty." 
"I'll get you some water. Just wait here."
Lemira felt a spark of irritation. "How long do I have to wait?"
Orion placed a restrained kiss on the corner of her lips and got up to fetch her a drink.
Lemira's gaze uncontrollably drifted down to his waist. Realizing what she was looking at, she yanked her eyes away, her cheeks burning even hotter.
No wonder he said to wait.
Soon, Orion returned and handed her a glass. "Here."
Lemira sat up to take a sip, still not daring to look at him.
The man affectionately ruffled her hair. "I have a meeting this afternoon. Are you heading to campus later?"
"Yeah."
"I'll come pick you up tonight."
Lemira looked up. "We can just stay at the dorms. It's safe enough."
"But it's not convenient."
Orion stared at her. "Don't you want to meet this mysterious bodyguard? We can all
grab dinner together tonight."
"Sure!"
Lemira agreed instantly, without a second thought.
Even though she was a little hesitant
about being stuck in an enclosed, intimate space with Orion again, her burning curiosity about the gossip completely overpowered whatever shred of rationality she had left. 
###Chapter 882
Orion's eyes gleamed with a hint of triumph at seeing Lemira so excited.
He stood up, adjusting his shirt and trousers. "I'm heading out. I'll have the staff at Bistrova deliver lunch for you."
"You don't have to go through all that trouble. I can just eat at the campus cafeteria."
"There isn't enough time."
Lemira glanced at the clock. "There's plenty of time."
But before she could protest further, the man leaned in, pressed her back into the cushions of the sofa, and deepened the kiss.
Lemira pushed weakly against his chest. "A-aren't you supposed to be heading to the office?"
"I have a few minutes."
Orion caught her wrists, pinning them softly against the backrest.
Lemira's eyelashes fluttered in sheer embarrassment. With her hands raised above
her head, she was completely defenseless against him.
She stared up at the ceiling, her face flushed and her almond eyes misty.
Her throat felt incredibly dry. This man was simply too wicked.
Why had she never noticed this side of him before?
When he finally pulled back, Orion kissed the corner of her mouth. "I'll satisfy your craving for gossip tonight."
Lemira stayed completely silent, her face blazing.
She turned her head to check the time and realized she really was running late.
Orion stepped into the bathroom, emerging a full ten minutes later.
Something clicked in Lemira's mind, and she felt a surge of indignation. "You were in there for a long time. Were you doing something bad?"
Orion nonchalantly adjusted his tie. "Ten minutes isn't nearly enough time for that,
and you should know that better than anyone."
His strikingly handsome face remained completely composed, as if he were discussing the weather.
Lemira suddenly recalled how long he had spent in the bathroom the previous night —it had been over half an hour.
She remained quiet, her face still red, until she heard the front door click shut behind him.
Lemira reached up to touch her lips; they were definitely a little swollen.
Thinking back to the juicy gossip she had just uncovered, she immediately texted Stella: "Well, well, well. Your handsome protector is quite a catch. He could easily make living off that face, yet he insists on relying on his body." 
Stella was sitting in the middle of a lecture. The moment she read the message, the
temperature of her cheeks skyrocketed.
She could read exactly what Lemira was implying.
After a brief moment of panic, Stella typed back: "It's not what you think!"
"I already heard everything about your little history. Confess now, and I'll go easy on you."
Stella hesitated before replying: "I'll tell you about it later."
She glanced over her shoulder at the man sitting in the very last row. He had zero presence, blending entirely into the background, yet she could still perfectly trace the broad dines of his shoulders. He looked exactly the same as he did in her memories.
She honestly hadn't expected him to actually accept the job when she casually sent
him a message.
It had caught her completely off guard.
After class ended, Stella lingered behind, slowly packing her things into her bag.
The man approached from behind and silently took the bag from her hands. The soft pink backpack looked almost comical against his rugged frame.
Yet he didn't seem to care in the slightest.
Stella watched his broad back as he walked ahead of her. She lowered her gaze and pressed her lips together. She wouldn't let herself be captivated by him again.
Being rejected once was humiliating enough; she had no intention of making a fool of herself a second time.
When Lemira saw Stella's reply, her mind instantly started weaving a dramatic web of their past romance. She was definitely going to interrogate Stella later. She had hidden this way too well.
At noon, Lemira enjoyed the exquisite meal delivered from Bistrova, took a short nap, and then headed straight to campus.
She had been constantly worried about Stella's safety, but knowing an elite former mercenary was guarding her around the clock put all those fears to rest.
Just as Lemira reached the university gates, someone called her name from behind. "Lemira, stop right there."
Lemira turned around to see Asher
Langston. The idiot was dressed in a
sharp suit and holding a massive
bouquet of flowers, trying desperately to look put-together. 
Asher marched up to her. "Where is Stella?"
###Chapter 883
Lemira burst into laughter the moment she heard Asher's question.
"What's so funny, Lemira?"
Seeing her mocking smirk made Asher's blood boil instantly.
Lemira crossed her arms, her tone completely dismissive. "You know exactly why I'm laughing. Stella doesn't like you. Nothing you do now is going to change that."
"Lemira, I know you're her best friend, but you need to think about her future. I'm the only one who can truly give her happiness."
"Oh, please! What do you mean you're the only one who can give her happiness? Meeting you was the absolute worst luck of her life."
Asher's expression darkened. "I know I was in the wrong before, but my hands were tied. You know Stella's situation. Aside from me, every other guy who approaches
her is just after her money. Who else would respect her the way I do?"
"Respect her? You're the last person on earth who gets to use that word."
Lemira was furious just listening to his arrogant delusion. She didn't even want to waste another breath on him.
But Asher refused to back down. "Lemira, as her friend, shouldn't you be looking out for her best interests? I plan on making it up to her. Once the company starts turning a profit, I'll pay her back every single cent."
Lemira reached out, snatched the bouquet of flowers from his hands, and threw it forcefully onto the pavement.
"What the hell are you doing, Lemira?"
"Mr. Langston, do you honestly think you're the smartest guy in the room? You think you can hurt people, slap on a fake apology, utter a few sweet nothings, and just sweep it all under the rug?"
Lemira looked at him with pure disgust. "You people haven't changed one bit."
"Then what do you expect me to do to make her accept me again?"
Asher stared at her, genuinely frustrated. "I have real feelings for Stella. She's a good woman, and I've already made up my mind to marry her and spend the rest of my life with her. Plus, I'm a decent catch. I've never messed around with other women."
Since he had used her money, he felt he had a duty to take responsibility for her.
Lemira rolled her eyes hard. "Do you seriously think Stella needs your pity? She already has someone she likes, and he's a million times better than you'll ever be."
With that, Lemira turned on her heel and walked away.
She found it utterly humiliating to be related to someone like him.
How could the Langston family be so shameless? They committed despicable acts and then demanded forgiveness, acting as if they were taking the high road by admitting their mistakes.
It was nauseating.
The more Lemira thought about it, the angrier she got. Even her excitement about grilling Stella for gossip had somewhat evaporated.
She almost felt too embarrassed to even face Stella now.
Thank God Asher had bumped into her instead of Stella, otherwise it would have caused a massive, humiliating public scene.
Frustrated, Lemira fired off a text to Orion, venting about the entire encounter.
She typed out an exasperated message: "Is there any way to stop Asher from embarrassing himself like this?"
Orion had just arrived at the office and was heading into a meeting.
He glanced at the message, a faint smirk tugging at the corner of his lips.
He sent back a quick voice note: "Having a rival around might actually be exactly
what those two need to push their relationship forward."
Lemira listened to the audio and realized he had a point.
She typed back: "Does that guy like Stella too?"
"He's just the brooding type. If he didn't care about her, why would he come crawling back to be her bodyguard?"
Orion knew his former classmate
well enough. The rugged
ex-mercenary wasn't the type to ever
utter sweet nothings, but it was
painfully obvious that stella held a
significant place in his heart.
Since Stella was currently in a vulnerable position, this was the perfect opportunity for them.
Lemira found Orion's logic sound. She didn't know the full history between them, but
if Orion was confident about it, it was practically a sure thing.
Even though seeing Asher harass Stella was infuriating and frankly embarrassing, if his pathetic attempts could act as a catalyst get Stella and her bodyguard together, then at least the Langston family was good for something. 
Lemira went straight to her classroom.
Janice leaned in, her eyes shining with gossip. "Did you know Stella has a ridiculously handsome bodyguard following her around?"
"Yeah, I heard."
Janice continued excitedly, "He
dresses super casually, but with that
physique and that face, you could tell people he was a runway model and they'd believe it. He looks like an A-list movie novie star who got toston 1 way to a shoot!" 
Janice's vivid description immediately reignited Lemira's curiosity. She had only caught a glimpse of his profile and his back, but she hadn't seen him face-to-face.
###Chapter 884
Was he really that good-looking?
Now she was dying to see for herself.
Lemira leaned in, her curiosity piqued. "Where is Stella right now?"
"She went back to the dorm. That gorgeous bodyguard is just sitting on a bench by the road right outside the building. Every girl walking by has been staring at him."
Lemira smiled. He really wasn't letting her out of his sight, was he?
It seemed this bodyguard was incredibly dedicated to Stella.
Lemira couldn't wait for class to end so she could finally get a good look at the man.
The moment the lecture finished, Lemira and Janice bolted out of the building and headed straight for the dorms.
Sure enough, when they arrived, Lemira spotted a crowd gathered outside. Asher was standing there, clutching yet another bouquet, surrounded by a ridiculous heart- shaped arrangement of flowers and candles on the ground.
Lemira's mouth twitched in disbelief. "Wow. Shamelessness really does know no bounds."
Janice noticed Asher too and whispered nervously, "Lemira, isn't that your brother? How does he have the nerve to show his face here?"
Janice had already heard the full story about what Stella had been through from Lemira.
If Lemira hadn't intervened behind the scenes, Stella would have been subjected to unspeakable cruelty. The fate of orphaned heiresses whose fortunes were stolen was notoriously tragic!
"They've always been this entitled. I'm honestly not even surprised."
Lemira instinctively glanced toward the bench nearby. Just as Janice had described,
a man was sitting there in a black t-shirt and dark tactical cargo pants.
He wore a baseball cap pulled low, but it couldn't hide his sharp, striking features. His tanned skin gave him a rugged, mature magnetism that easily overshadowed any pretty-boy actor.
Lemira only stared at him for a few seconds before the man suddenly locked eyes with her. His gaze was dangerously sharp.
Lemira jolted in surprise. What a predatory gaze.
He truly lived up to his reputation as a former mercenary. His sheer presence was incredibly intimidating.
Caleb Sterling instantly looked away once he recognized Lemira. He knew exactly who she was.
Lemira awkwardly averted her eyes, feeling flustered at being caught staring.
Janice clutched her chest. "His eyes are terrifying! I felt like a wanted criminal for a second."
"Tell me about it. He spooked me too. But I guess that's just an occupational hazard for him."
Lemira reassured Janice, though her heart was still racing a bit.
But as she remembered the romantic history between him and Stella, the
intimidating aura suddenly seemed a lot less scary.
Just then, Stella emerged from the dorm building.
She walked slowly, and her face immediately fell the moment she spotted Asher.
She hadn't wanted to come down at all, but Asher refused to leave, and the crowd of onlookers was only growing larger.
Stella knew Caleb was waiting outside, and she desperately wanted to see how he would react to someone actively pursuing her.
That was the only reason she had forced herself to come downstairs.
Asher practically rushed over to her with the bouquet. "I know what I did before made you angry, but I swear I'll dedicate my life to treating you right. Lowe you, and once the stabilizes ll pay back every single dollar." 
Company
Asher prided himself on not being a freeloader; he was just doing what he had to do in a desperate situation.
Listening to Asher's empty promises, Stella subtly glanced over at the man in black.
But the bodyguard remained glued to the bench, completely unbothered. His face was an emotionless mask, his eyes unreadable.
Remembering how coldly he had rejected her in the past, a self-deprecating smile touched Stella's lips. "I'm a disabled woman. If I didn't have money, would you even look twice at me?" 
That was the harsh reality.
Stella took the flowers and tossed them straight onto the ground. "Don't ever do this
again. And stop coming to my campus."
"Stella, just listen to me."
Refusing to let this opportunity slip
away, Asher lunged forward ande
grabbed her arm. "Let's go somewhere puyate. need to talk you alone." 
Lemira saw this and was just about to step in when a blur of motion caught her eye.
Caleb closed the distance in a flash. With a swift, brutal motion, he wrenched Asher's hand off Stella.
Lemira stopped in her tracks. He really did care about her.
He had been playing the stoic statue just seconds ago. What a brooding hypocrite.
Stella gasped as she was pulled firmly against a hard, warm chest. The heat radiating from his muscular frame made her face burn instantly.
###Chapter 885
Lemira clicked her tongue as she watched the scene unfold.
The romantic tension between them was absolutely palpable!
Janice stared wide-eyed, turning to Lemira. "Why do I get the feeling there's way more going on between those two?"
"There definitely is. They have history."
Janice gasped, "Spill! You have to tell me everything!"
"Now isn't the best time. I'll give you the full rundown later."
Janice nodded, knowing the timing was off with the obnoxious Asher still standing right there.
After being shoved back, Asher glared at the man who had his arms wrapped securely around Stella. Fury flashed in his eyes as he stepped forward. "What the hell are you doing? Let her go right now!"
Caleb shot Asher a cold, indifferent glare, not treating him as a threat in the slightest.
He looked down at Stella. "Are you going back to your dorm, or did you want to go somewhere else?"
Stella felt a shiver run down her spine at the sound of his deep, gravelly voice by her ear. The intense heat radiating from his body was completely messing with her head.
Yet, hearing the professional distance in his tone brought a sharp pang of disappointment.
If Asher hadn't physically grabbed her, Caleb probably wouldn't have even moved. He had made it perfectly clear he was only here to do a job, acting strictly as a bodyguard.
Stella's voice dropped softly. "I'm just going back to the dorm."
She had nowhere else to go off-campus anyway.
She might as well just stay in her room.
Asher, however, refused to back down. He glared at Stella. "Who is this guy? Is this why you refuse to get back together with me? Have you been messing around with someone else this whole time?"
Stella flared with anger at the accusation. "Do you think everyone is as manipulative as you? He's my bodyguard."
"A bodyguard? What kind of bodyguard holds his client like that? Do you think I'm an idiot?"
Asher was a man, and he could easily see the heavy, unspoken tension simmering between Stella and her protector.
Stella didn't even dare to look at Caleb's expression when Asher said that.
It didn't matter. In the past or present, this man had never truly looked at her the way she wanted.
She turned her glare onto Asher.
"Believe whatever you want. We've
been broken up for a long time Who choose to be with is absolutely none of your business." 
Even when they were together, she knew Asher was a severely controlling and domineering man.
And now that they were over, he had the audacity to scheme with her aunt to steal her inheritance.
Stella felt nothing but pure disgust for him.
She wasn't some naive, lovestruck girl who could be swayed by his cheap, theatrical apologies.
Asher forced a patient tone. "Stella,
know you're upset with me right
now, but I know one day you'll
eln
realize I'm the only man who is
truly
suited for you." 
With her physical disability, what other man would ever genuinely want her?
At the very least, he could keep her safe. And once the business recovered, he would return every cent he took from her.
Asher genuinely believed he was a saint compared to other men.
Lemira couldn't stomach it for another second. She stormed over. "Stop flattering yourself. Do you really think Stella has no other options?"
Stella let out a silent sigh of relief the moment Lemira appeared.
Lemira glared daggers at her brother. "You think these pathetic, cheap romantic gestures will just magically make a girl swoon, don't you?"
"It proves that I'm completely sincere about getting back together."
"Your sincerity isn't worth a dime. If you were actually sincere, you wouldn't have conspired with her aunt to look her in a house and force her to sign the Waverly Trust transfer!" 
Asher's face immediately drained of color. "Lemira, what the hell are you babbling about?"
###Chapter 886
He truly hadn't expected Lemira to expose something like that in front of a crowd. If this got out, the humiliation would be unbearable.
Lemira glared at him coldly. "If you don't back off right now, I will start livestreaming every single thing you put Stella through. Let's see if you and Mrs. Waverly ever have the nerve to show your faces in public again."
Even though this was an internal Waverly family dispute, if it blew up online, someone as obsessed with her social standing as Mrs. Waverly would be absolutely mortified.
Even though Stella was now an orphaned heiress, she still had older family friends and connections. If they found out her fortune had genuinely been stolen, Mrs. Waverly's reputation would be irreparably destroyed.
Lemira knew Asher still cared about his public image. Threatening his reputation was the only way to make him leave.
Seeing the growing crowd of students filming with their phones, Asher realized he couldn't let the situation escalate. He had no choice but to retreat for now.
Before walking away, he gave Stella one last intense look. "One day, you'll understand my sincerity."
Lemira felt genuinely nauseous. "If you're so sincere, why don't you cough up all the money you stole from her to prove it?"
Asher hesitated. "Once the company bounces back and turns a profit, I will naturally pay her back."
He simply didn't have the funds right now.
Janice couldn't hold her tongue any longer. "An arrogant gold-digger! I've never seen a man act so entitled while leeching off a woman."
Knowing he was fighting a losing battle and lacking the money to prove otherwise, Asher finally turned tail and left in disgrace.
With the main attraction gone, the crowd of students quickly dispersed.
Only then did Stella finally step out of Caleb's protective embrace, her cheeks still burning hot.
She looked at Lemira. "Why are you guys back so early?"
"Class ended, so we came straight here. Looks like we arrived right on time."
Lemira gave Stella an apologetic look. "Sorry about this. I ran into Asher at the campus gates earlier and threw his flowers away, warning him not to come near you. I just didn't expect him to be so relentlessly stubborn." .net
"You have nothing to apologize for. I know exactly how Asher is. Honestly, it's exhausting dealing with him, but considering you had to live with the Langston family for all those years..." 
The emotional abuse Lemira endured over the years was far worse than what Stella was dealing with now.
"That's all in the past. I'm doing great now, and no one from the Langston family can touch me anymore."
"True. With Orion backing you, Asher wouldn't even dare breathe too loudly in your presence."
Stella knew Lemira had finally found her peace.
Lemira glanced at the imposing bodyguard who had resumed his silent post in the background. "Well, with a guy like that watching over you, I don't need to worry either."
Stella's face flushed a deeper pink. "Let's just go inside."
She hated standing out in the open like this.
Lemira turned to Caleb. "Looks like you'll have to wait down here a bit longer."
Caleb gave a curt nod, offering no verbal reply.
Stella quickly dragged Lemira and Janice toward the dorm building The sheer curiosity burning in her friends' eyes was impossible,
ignore and she knew
interrogation was inevitable.
Caleb watched Stella's retreating figure, his dark eyes growing heavier with an unreadable emotion.
He then looked down at the tacky heart made of candles and flowers on the pavement. Without a word, he bent down, gathered the mess, and dumped it all straight into the nearest trash can.
Upstairs, Lemira caught a glimpse of Caleb cleaning up the courtyard through the window.
She turned to Stella. "Alright, spill it. You and the bodyguard have history, don't you?"
Janice didn't hold back. "Did you guys sleep together? Because looking at his size, I'm honestly not sure your small frame could handle him!"
###Chapter 887
Lemira choked on her own saliva when she heard Janice's blunt question.
She had no idea Janice was so brazen!
Stella's face instantly flushed crimson. "We did, but..."
"But what? He looks like a total beast in bed."
Stella looked away, thoroughly embarrassed. "It was... over pretty fast."
Janice clamped a hand over her mouth. "Wait, does that mean he was a virgin?! Oh my god, I've never met a guy that pure. He looks like a god, and it was his first time!"
Stella stayed quiet, her face burning.
Lemira smirked. "So, Stella, why did you never mention this guy to us before?"
If they had slept together, there was clearly something real between them.
Stella's expression shifted, a flicker of pain crossing her face. "Why would I bring up something so humiliating?"
"How is that humiliating? You slept together. Did he just refuse to take responsibility?"
Lemira shook her head. "He really doesn't strike me as the type to sleep around and walk away."
Stella offered a bitter smile. "After it happened, I asked if we should be together. He told me it was an accident, said I shouldn't read too much into it, and promised he would never tell a soul."
She had been completely rejected.
"Wow, what a jerk! Good-looking guys are always trash."
Janice immediately rallied to Stella's defense.
Lemira looked at Stella thoughtfully. "Back then, wasn't he struggling to pay off his family's medical bills? And working a highly dangerous job? Maybe he was just too afraid to burden you with his life."
"No, he just didn't like me. I was just being delusional, throwing myself at him."
Lemira shook her head firmly. "No, you're wrong. A man like him? If he wasn't insanely attracted to you, there is zero chance he would have been able to perform that night. He definitely feels something for you."
Janice chimed in, "Does he know what you've been going through lately?"
"Yes. He's known about my family's situation for a long time."
Seeing Stella's distressed look,
Lemira softened. "Don't overthink it. He doesn't have those massive burdens weighing him down
anymore. If you still have feelings for him, maybe you should give another shot." 
Janice vigorously shook her head. "No way.
out the Stella already put herself
once. If she makes the first
move again, he'll hold all the cards. She'll be totally at his mercy. 
Stella nodded aggressively. "Exactly."
A wicked gleam appeared in Janice's eye. "Listen to me, Stella When you interact with him from now on, you have to play hard to get. Make him sweat, it's the only way to bring a guy like that to his knees." 
Stella leaned in. "How do I do that?"
Janice and Stella huddled together, plotting the ultimate strategy to tame the stoic ex-mercenary.
Listening in, Lemira silently lit a candle in her heart for the bodyguard. He was going to need all the luck he could get.
Just then, her phone buzzed with a message from Orion: "Where are you?"
"In the dorm. Asher showed up to harass Stella again."
"Come to Bistrova for dinner tonight. We're throwing a welcome dinner for a certain someone."
Lemira hadn't realized Orion was so close with Caleb. But it made sense-if they weren't good friends, Stella would never have crossed paths with him to begin with.
They operated in completely different social spheres; normally, they wouldn't even have a chance to meet.
Lemira waited for a pause in the scheming before looking at Stella. "We're going to Bistrova for dinner tonight."
Stella looked up, confused. "Why?"
"Orion is hosting a welcome-back dinner for your bodyguard."
Stella hesitated for a second. "Okay, I'll go."
Janice shoved Stella excitedly. "Yes! You have to go, and you need to dress to kill."
"Won't that seem a bit too obvious?"
"No! Men are visual creatures. You have to leave him desperate and panting. Make him look but forbid him from touching. He'll be dreaming about you all night."
###Chapter 888
Janice was just as eager for Stella and Caleb to get back together.
But since both Stella and the brooding bodyguard were painfully passive, someone had to forcefully nudge the romance along.
Janice literally shoved Stella toward the closet to change.
Lemira looked at Janice. "Are you coming?"
"I'll sit this one out. You guys probably won't be back tonight anyway, so I'll cover for you here. Text me immediately if there's any progress with the bodyguard!"
Lemira nodded with a laugh. "Let's hope your strategy works."
"Trust me. As long as he has feelings for her, he'll take the bait. I just want Stella to find a man who genuinely loves her, otherwise her family will eventually force her to marry some vulture who'll just prey on her inheritance."
Hearing the words "prey on her inheritance" made Lemira cringe.
After all, the person currently trying to steal Stella's fortune was none other than her own brother, Asher.
It was intensely humiliating.
She really needed to figure out a way to put that arrogant leech in his place!
And Caleb was definitely the perfect man for the job.
Once Stella had changed into a stunning outfit, the two of them left the dorm.
Caleb was leaning casually against a tree outside. The moment he saw Stella, his dark eyes perceptibly darkened.
Yet, his face remained completely unreadable, and he didn't take a single step toward her.
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "What's his deal?"
"He said he's just going to follow from a distance and that I should go about my day without worrying about him."
Lemira was stunned. He wasn't even going to come over and say hello?
She had assumed that becoming her personal bodyguard would finally give the hardened ex-mercenary an excuse to get close to Stella. Clearly, she had overestimated his emotional intelligence.
Deciding he needed to learn a lesson, Lemira grabbed Stella's hand and pulled her into a cab headed straight for Bistrova.
Bistrova was an ultra-exclusive, members-only club. Without proper status, entry was strictly forbidden.
Lemira led Stella straight toward the opulent entrance, whispering, "Don't look back."
Stella looked worried. "If we don't bring him in with us, he won't be able to get through the door."
"If he's so confident about doing things his way, let him figure it out."
Lemira felt the bodyguard was being far too frustrating. He definitely deserved a bit of a challenge.
Before stepping into the elevator, Stella cast one last anxious glance over her shoulder, spotting Caleb's
towering figure just arriving at the club's entrance 
As the elevator doors slid shut, Stella sighed. "Lemira, I don't think this is a good idea. He doesn't have the money for a place like this."
"Stella, you're way too soft on him. He knows that, which is exactly why he thinks he can keep pushing you away. Trust me, he'll find a way in."
The elevator chimed open on the upper floor, and the two girls stepped out-straight into Sophia Sinclair and her entourage.
Sophia was dressed sharply in a designer business suit, flanked by several men in suits carrying document portfolios.
It was obvious she was here brokering deals.
Lemira could practically feel the venom radiating from Sophia's glare. Ever since Mrs. Amelia had been
released, the Sinclair family had
deduced that
Temira Wa
somehow
connected to the kidnapping. 
The Sinclairs probably wanted her dead right now.
But because of the blackmail evidence Lemira held over them, they didn't dare make a move.
Sophia sneered at Lemira. "Wow, you actually have the nerve to walk around without an escort? Aren't you afraid of a little 'accident' wiping you off the map?"
Sophia was currently fantasizing about Lemira dying a slow, excruciating death.
Unfortunately, with Orion actively protecting the b***, there was nothing Sophia could do.
Stella stepped forward defensively. "Watch what you say, Ms. Sinclair. Threats like that have legal consequences."
Like a rabid dog that had finally snapped, Sophia turned her malice on Stella, laughing mockingly. "Oh look, it's Ms. Waverly. I heard you've been throwing tantrums and fighting with your family agam. A crippled girl like you should just be grateful a man is even willing to look in your direction. Don't be so picky." 
Stella's face instantly drained of all color.
Lemira marched forward and delivered a vicious, echoing slap straight across
Sophia's face. "Shut your mouth!"
###Chapter 889
Lemira had never felt such blinding rage.
She glared at Sophia with deadly intent. "You can insult me all you want, but you do not get to speak to my best friend like that!"
Sophia stumbled back, clutching her stinging cheek. It took her several seconds to process what had just happened, the burning pain a harsh reminder of the humiliation.
This was an unforgivable insult.
Sophia had already been teetering on the edge. Beyond the sheer trauma of her mother's ordeal, the Sinclair family business was hemorrhaging money and losing critical partnerships left and right.
She had been desperately scheduling meetings, trying to salvage their failing enterprise.
And now, she was standing face-to-face with the exact person responsible for her family's downfall.
If this cheap homewrecker hadn't s*** Orion, Sophia would probably be engaged to him by now! As the future lady of the Everhart family, there wouldn't be a single financial crisis the Sinclairs couldn't effortlessly resolve with Orion's backing.
Sophia blamed every ounce of mockery and desperation she had suffered recently squarely on Lemira.
Her voice went shrill. "What are you idiots staring at?! Didn't you see her hit me? Grab her!"
Sophia's eyes were bloodshot with rage. She was going to make this arrogant b*** pay dearly today.
She pointed a trembling finger at Lemira. "Teach this arrogant s*** a lesson she'll never forget!"
Seeing the men in suits lunging forward, Lemira forcefully pushed Stella back out of harm's way. "Stay back, don't get caught in the crossfire!"
Panicking for Lemira's safety, Stella scrambled for her phone to call Caleb, praying he would get upstairs in time.
But before she could even unlock her screen, she looked up and gasped. Lemira had flawlessly executed an over-the-shoulder throw, slamming the first man brutally into the marble floor.
Stella's eyes went wide. Since when did Lemira know how to fight like that?!
In a matter of seconds, Lemira moved with fluid, practiced precision, taking down
the rest of the suited men until they were g*** on the ground.
Lemira casually rolled her wrists, masking a slight ache in her joints. Without dropping her intimidating aura, she stalked aggressively toward Sophia.
Sophia went pale, her arrogant facade crumbling as she scrambled backward. "L- Lemira, what do you think you're doing?"
"What does it look like? I'm teaching an arrogant b*** a lesson."
Sophia's voice trembled violently. "Don't you dare! If you lay another finger on me, I'll call the cops and you'll go straight to jail!"
"Go ahead. Your men attacked me first. It'll just be written off as mutual combat."
"But you slapped me first!"
Lemira smirked dangerously. "So
what? The worst that happens have to give you a fake apology. But,
ore I apologize, I'm going to beat
you until you're unrecognizable." 
An apology didn't mean anything if the damage was already done.
Before Sophia could react, Lemira raised her hand and delivered another ringing slap to her other cheek.
Grabbing a fistful of Sophia's
designer hair, Lemira leaned in
close "If you have a problem with me you come after me. But if flever hear you utter another word about Stella's condition, it won't just be a couple of slaps next time." .net
Sophia glared at her with pure,
unadulterated hatred. "You vicious
b***! The Sinclair family is only in this mess because of you! Do
you
really think a cheap nobody, like you can just marryanto high society.
Keep dreaming! 
"My relationship with Orion is none of your damn business."
"Don't get too comfortable, Lemira! Do you honestly think things will work out between you two? You don't even know what he's keeping from you!"
Lemira stared her down. "Whatever secrets he has, that's between him and me.
You're just jealous because Orion treats me like royalty and won't even spare you a second glance."
Sophia felt like she was losing her mind. "You naive idiot! You think Orion actually loves you?"
###Chapter 890
Standing off to the side, Stella watched anxiously, worried that Lemira might take things too far and end up in serious legal trouble.
She dialed Caleb's number. The moment the call connected, she heard the man's deep, emotionless voice.
But wait, why did his voice sound like it was coming from right behind her?
The elevator doors chimed and slid open. Stella turned around to see Orion and Caleb stepping out. She let out a massive sigh of relief. "You're finally here."
Orion immediately locked eyes with Lemira, who was still holding a fistful of Sophia's hair.
Taking in the men g*** on the floor, he instantly deduced what had happened. He walked straight past everyone, gently taking Lemira's hand and prying her fingers out of Sophia's hair.
Since Orion was here, Lemira complied, letting her arm drop.
But Sophia, completely misreading the gesture, assumed Orion was stepping in to protect her.
Tears welling in her eyes, Sophia immediately played the victim. "Orie, you saw it! Lemira just assaulted me in public and beat up my staff! I am absolutely not letting her get away with this!"
Ignoring her completely, Orion gently inspected Lemira's knuckles. "Are you hurt?"
Even though he had personally trained her in combat and her skills had improved drastically, fighting off several grown men by herself was no small feat.
And since she wasn't wearing hand wraps, hitting bone could easily result in a fracture or severe bruising.
Lemira blinked in surprise before shaking her head. "I'm fine."
Was the man blind? Couldn't he see the people actually bleeding on the floor?
Sophia stared at Orion in sheer disbelief. "I'm the one who's hurt! Why are you checking on this b***?!"
The moment the word 'b***' left her lips, Orion's gaze snapped to her, his eyes turning terrifyingly cold. "You'd better watch your mouth."
Sophia's tears spilled over, her expression a mix of heartbreak and shock. "Orie... are you actually taking her side over mine?"
Thaddeus Draven, who had trailed in behind them, couldn't hold back a scoff. Sophia, you know exactly what Lemira means to him Are your seriously expecting him to turn on his girlfriend for an outsider?" 
The word 'outsider' visibly shattered whatever composure Sophia had left. "We grew
up together! Doesn't all our history mean anything compared to her?"
"Don't get it twisted. If it weren't for that childhood history, do you really think the
Sinclair family would still be standing right now?"
Thaddeus crossed his arms, staring her down. "You know exactly what your family did, so drop the innocent victim act. Stop pretending the world is just out to get you. No one here is blind." 
FindNovel.net
Sophia really was her mother's daughter. She had inherited Mrs. Amelia's manipulative streak flawlessly.
Taking a shaky step back, Sophia stared wildly between Orion and Thaddeus. "So... you two were the ones who orchestrated my mother's kidnapping, weren't you?"
At those words, Lemira shot a quick glance at Orion.
She knew this revelation was a ticking time bomb that would permanently obliterate the relationship between the Everharts and the Sinclairs.
Thaddeus stepped forward. "Careful with those accusations. What does your mother's kidnapping have to do with us? If you want to launch an investigation go ahead and eat the cops." 
FindNovel.net
Sophia laughed bitterly. "You're only acting this confident because you know the Sinclair family can't risk going to the police!"
Lemira met her glare head-on. "Only people guilty of a crime are terrified of the
cops."
Sophia grit her teeth, her hatred practically suffocating her. "Don't get too arrogant, Lemira. Orion has been lying to you this entire time."
If she was going down, she was dragging Orion's happiness down with her.
*Orion, since you want to be ruthless, don't blame me for playing dirty!*
###Chapter 891
Sophia Sinclair looked up at Orion Everhart, a smug gleam in her eyes.
She finally had leverage against him.
Orion still hadn't dared to tell Lemira Langston that he was also in the car that year. This meant he wasn't as confident as he let on.
Regardless, the evidence from back then was gone, and it was an undeniable fact that the Everhart family had cleaned up the mess for the Sinclair family.
Orion would never be able to wash his hands of it for the rest of his life.
But Orion merely glanced at Lemira beside him. His face was expressionless, yet a tempest of emotions brewed in his eyes.
Lemira took in Sophia's twisted, hateful expression.
She laughed out loud. "Sophia, aside from these cheap tricks to drive a wedge between people, what else are you actually good at?"
Sophia's expression faltered. "What, don't you want to know what this man is hiding from you?"
"No, I don't."
"You're lying. You're dying to know."
Sophia was genuinely taken aback by Lemira's calm demeanor. How could she be so unbothered?
Did she truly not care at all?
Lemira tutted. "I've told you before, even if he did hide something from me, that's between us. Your little attempts to sow discord won't work."
She had fallen for this woman's tricks before; she wasn't about to let this two-faced girl manipulate her relationships so easily again.
Sophia glared at Lemira, then turned a pitiful, wide-eyed gaze toward Orion, hoping to elicit the man's sympathy.
She refused to believe their bond was that impenetrable!
But her face was so swollen from being slapped earlier that her attempt at looking fragile just seemed utterly ridiculous.
Stella Waverly couldn't take it anymore. She pulled a compact mirror from her purse and angled it at Sophia. "Are you seriously trying to play the delicate victim looking like that?"
Upon seeing her own battered, swollen reflection, Sophia shrieked, covered her face, and ran off.
With her gone, the rest of her entourage awkwardly scattered.
Stella put her mirror away and stepped up to Lemira. "Are you okay? Did they manage to hit you?"
"I'm fine. None of them are any match for me. Didn't you see me lay them out flat?"
But Orion suddenly darkened. Without a word, he grabbed Lemira's hand and pulled her aside. "Come with me."
Lemira was surprised by his sudden foul mood. "What's going on?"
He didn't answer, simply tugging her into an empty private room nearby.
She looked up at him. "Seriously, what do you want to say? We're all friends here, there's no need for this."
Then she noticed how genuinely upset he looked.
Was he mad?
Because she had beaten up Sophia?
While her mind raced, Orion lowered his head and captured her lips.
His kiss was anything but gentle.
Now Lemira was getting annoyed.
She didn't understand what this aggressive display was about. After struggling a
couple of times and failing to push him away, she bit him.
Orion hissed in pain and pulled back, a drop of blood on his lip.
He stared down at her, his gaze
heavy and dark. "Do you realize the Sinclair family is at a dead end They're like rabid dogs backed into an alley, ready to bite anyone." 
"I know."
"If you know, then why did you fight them? What if one of them had hurt you? Their family is already ruined-they have nothing to dose, but you do." 
His eyes held only her.
If anything ever happened to her, the agony would destroy him.
Meeting that intense, somber gaze, Lemira slowly calmed down.
She could see how deeply he worried for her. It was true that cornering a desperate enemy could backfire; she knew the risks.
She rose on her tiptoes and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I weighed the odds only made a move because I knew I could take them You didn't hear the awful things Sophia said to Stella Just couldn' hold back. 
###Chapter 892
"If you can't hold back, let me handle it next time."
Orion leaned down to meet her eyes. "Desperate people do desperate things."
"Got it. Next time, I'll just unleash you."
Lemira purposefully reached out and pressed a thumb against the cut on his lip. The man's gaze shifted.
She gave a wicked smile. "Does it hurt? Don't you dare kiss me like that out of nowhere again!"
Orion caught her wrist and carefully inspected her hand, noticing her skin was a little red.
He spoke seriously, "I'll rub some ointment on this when we get back."
"It doesn't even hurt. The way you dragged me in here, I thought something terrible had happened. This is so awkward."
Thinking about how abruptly he had pulled her away, and looking at his busted lip now, even a blind person could guess what had just happened.
It was definitely a little embarrassing.
Orion held her hand tightly. "What are you afraid of? I'll explain."
"You said it, not me."
Lemira followed him back into the dining room. The food had already been served.
Thaddeus Draven looked up. "Now that you two are finally done with your personal business, let's eat."
Lemira kept her head down in silence and took a seat next to Stella.
Orion picked up his glass and looked at Caleb Sterling. "To welcome a certain someone back. Glad you're home."
"Yeah, welcome back, Caleb."
Lemira glanced across the table. Caleb remained as brooding and tight-lipped as
ever.
Stella also raised her glass, and everyone clinked them together.
Thaddeus started asking Caleb about his time abroad, while Lemira and Stella listened quietly.
Lemira couldn't help but ask, "Did you ever get hurt?"
At her question, Orion shot her a look, an eyebrow raised. She certainly seemed quite interested in Caleb.
Stella secretly stole a glance at the bodyguard, too.
Truthfully, she also desperately wanted to know what he had been through all those years alone overseas. Had he faced any close calls?
Caleb sensed Stella's gaze. Even though she tried to look nonchalant, he caught it.
In his line of work, he was instinctively hyper-aware of where people were looking.
He tightened his grip on his glass. "I have."
"When was the worst of it?" Lemira pressed.
"A year ago."
Hearing that, Stella lost her focus and accidentally knocked her glass over.
She felt entirely unmoored. A year ago... wasn't that when his
grandmother passed away and he
took that massive high-risk contract abroad? 
She had been right beside him back then, yet he had never said a word.
Lemira looked over. "Your dress is soaked. Go get cleaned up."
Stella nodded, stood up, and hurried out of the room.
Her mind in a whirl, she stepped out to the hallway near the restrooms, where there
was an electric hand dryer.
She lifted the damp fabric of her dress slightly to let the warm air hit it.
"Hey gorgeous, nice legs."
A man reeking of alcohol stumbled
over
sexchange
WhatsApp
numbers im a general manager
company. Let's be friends."
Stella frowned. "Go away."
He blocked her path. "Tsk, tsk. So you're a cripple, huh? What a waste of such beautiful legs!"
Her eyes instantly reddened with furious, helpless tears.
The next second, the drunk man was sent flying with a vicious kick.
Stella looked up to see the man she had dreamed of day and night, and her emotions instantly broke.
She choked on a sob. "You heard him, didn't you? Is that why you hated my legs back then, too?"
Caleb's jaw was clenched tight. He stepped right up to her. "We're going back." "Let go of me!"
Stella hiked her dress up further, her eyes flashing red. "I know you never lie. Look
at my legs and answer my question!"
She had wanted to ask him this for a very long time.
Caleb's vision blurred at the sight
those long, straight legs. The
Of
ironclad control he had maintained all these years shattered in
instant. 
He stepped in, wrapped his arms around her thighs, and hoisted her flush against
his chest.
His broad torso engulfed her, his large, calloused hands gripping her luminous skin in a stark, contrasting display of power.
###Chapter 893
Stella was paralyzed by the suddenness of it.
This man rarely ever cracked a smile, and his dark, brooding intensity right now was genuinely intimidating.
Scooped effortlessly into his arms, she could feel the hard muscle of his chest and the strong, rhythmic thumping of his heart, which immediately sent her own pulse racing.
Blushing deeply, she murmured weakly, "Put me down."
"You just hiked up your skirt to show me. Am I not allowed to touch now?"
Caleb's low, gravelly voice brushed right against her ear, making her shrink back.
Just then, the sharp click-clack of heels echoed down the hallway.
Stella panicked. "Someone's coming!"
Only then did Caleb set her back on her feet. She didn't even dare to look at him, sprinting away as fast as she could.
He watched her retreating figure until she safely disappeared into their dining room, then turned and strode into the restroom.
He splashed freezing water over his face, his striking, chiseled features set in hard lines.
He had tried to forget her, but his body remembered everything-and it only wanted her.
After taking a moment to collect himself, he finally headed back.
Inside the private room.
Lemira was getting a lecture from Orion.
He placed some food on her plate. "You seem awfully curious about Caleb."
"Well, yeah. The whole mercenary thing just feels so mysterious."
Thaddeus chimed in. "It's also incredibly dangerous. If he hadn't needed the money so badly back then, he never would have gone to those war zones."
"Couldn't he have gone into business with you guys?"
After all, Orion and Thaddeus had thrown this welcome-home dinner for him, which meant the three of them were tight.
She hadn't ever seen these two introduce any of their other buddies to her before. The bodyguard was the first.
Thaddeus sighed helplessly. "Caleb has a lot of pride. He's blunt and doesn't do well with corporate politics. He prefers to rely on his own strength."
Lemira understood now. It seemed the bodyguard's character was solid.
Just then, Stella hurried back to the table, her face flushed scarlet.
Seeing her friend's flustered state, Lemira guessed something intense had just gone down out in the hallway.
She decided to play dumb for now.
Stella was easily embarrassed; it was better to interrogate her in private later.
Shortly after, Caleb returned as well, though he looked completely unfazed.
As the meal wound down, Caleb suddenly spoke up. "I tracked down the woman you asked about."
Orion looked up. "Where is she?"
"Working at a nightclub."
Hearing that, Lemira immediately asked, "Evelina Sterling?"
Caleb nodded. "That's her. She stopped showing up at her old b vanished for a few day
resurfaced at this new club verget
"Sounds like she ran out of cash and needed a quick, easy payday," Lemira said, knowing Evelina's habits perfectly.
Caleb looked at her. "What's the play? Keep eyes on her, or grab her now?"
"Grab her,
Sinclairviously, before the we need to tip off the tent y gets to her first. Bet
they can come pick her u .net>
Orion frowned. "We can handle it ourselves."
"There's no need. Tell the Langston
It's the meet at the club t è perfect chance for torrow.
see her true colors. 
Lemira was genuinely looking forward to seeing the looks on their faces.
Stella, however, turned to Caleb. "You're sure she won't run?"
When his dark, predatory gaze shifted to her, she immediately looked away in a panic.
"She's not going anywhere," Caleb said, his tone deadpan but edged with absolute arrogance.
Thaddeus chuckled. "Don't worry, Stella. With Caleb on it, it's a lock."
Stella kept her head down. "I was just asking."
She could feel Caleb's eyes on her again, making her spine stiffen, but he soon
looked away, allowing her to finally relax.
After dinner, the group left Bistrova.
Thaddeus waved. "You guys head out, I'm taking off."
Lemira checked the time. Going back to campus wasn't an option this late. She
looked up. "Are we going to my place?"
Stella looked conflicted. "Will we all fit?"
###Chapter 894
"I'll take the couch," Caleb stated.
Stella was speechless.
She kept her eyes glued to the floor, but it seemed like this was the only viable option.
Lemira glanced at Orion. Didn't this guy own, like, a dozen properties?
Before she could say a word, Orion grabbed her hand. "Fine, that works out perfectly. It's best if Stella isn't left alone right now."
Lemira thought about it and realized he had a point.
Was she supposed to let Stella and Caleb stay somewhere by themselves?
Given how skittish Stella was acting, she definitely wouldn't agree to that.
In the end, Lemira kept quiet, and the four of them headed to her apartment.
She never imagined the day would come when her place would be packed with this many people.
She looked at Caleb. "It's just the four of us, make yourself at home."
He scanned the layout. "Mind if I do a sweep?"
"Go for it."
Lemira knew it was just his professional instinct and didn't mind at all.
She pulled Orion aside and whispered, "He probably doesn't have any clean clothes. Have someone drop some off."
"You really do care about him, don't you?" Orion's tone was low and distinctly jealous.
She pinched his waist. "You have all these massive houses, yet you insist on cramming in here?"
He hissed at the sting, then caught her hand in his.
He murmured, "You want to stick Stella and Caleb in an empty house together? Throwing a sheep to the wolf, are we?"
Catching his drift, Lemira immediately dropped the idea.
Orion stared at her. If they went to one of his larger properties, how was he
supposed to sleep in the same room as her?
Lemira headed into the guest room to check on Stella.
Out in the living room, Orion noticed Caleb standing on the balcony and walked
over. "Sorry to make you rough it on the couch, man."
"I don't care, as long as you guys don't mind."
Orion smirked. "I don't mind at all. If you weren't out here, I'd be the one sleeping on it."
Caleb caught the implication. "Still haven't sealed the deal?"
"I'm working on it. But I'm moving a hell of a lot faster than you. Your girl is still pissed at you, so good luck with that."
Caleb narrowed his eyes. "We'll see about that."
"Care to make a bet?"
"Sure. If you lose, you hand over the keys to the car you drove today."
Orion gritted his teeth. "You don't hold back, do you? Did you not make a dime overseas? The second you get back, you're eyeing my ride? Well hate to break it to you but your don't stand a chance." 
There was no way he was losing to Caleb.
The two men chatted a bit longer. When Orion saw Lemira emerge from Stella's
room, he immediately followed her into the master bedroom.
She turned to look at him. "Can't you just go back to your own place tonight?"
"And leave you girls unprotected?"
"We have a literal mercenary boss in the living room. I think our security is fine."
Orion clenched his jaw, grabbed her arm, and pulled her close. "He's here to protect Steller you don't have that kind of pull with him. Besides, am I invisible to you?" 
Lemira laughed and looped her arms around him. "You still haven't told me what
actually happened between them. You promised me this morning."
His gaze dropped to her lips. "I remember."
"So spill."
Noticing the predatory shift in his eyes, she immediately backed up several steps. "We can talk on the armchair."
Orion glanced at the small chair by the window. Fine. It was better than getting kicked out.
In the dead of night.
Stella tossed and turned. She really needed to use the restroom—probably from drinking too much soda at dinner.
But knowing Caleb was out there, she held it in for as long as she could.
Eventually, the urge became unbearable. She slowly cracked her door open and peeked at the man sleeping on the sofa.
He had to be asleep by now, right?
Holding her breath, she tiptoed toward the bathroom, too terrified to even flick on a light.
But as she slipped inside, she accidentally bumped into the doorframe.
She let out a soft yelp, clutching her forehead, only to have a pair of iron-strong arms pin her in place. A deep voice rumbled in the dark, "Sneaking around like a thief in the night?" 
###Chapter 895
Hearing his voice, Stella almost screamed again, but a massive hand instantly clamped over her mouth.
Her eyes widened in the dark. His hand was so large it practically covered the entire lower half of her face.
She watched the tall shadow lean in closer. "Don't scream, or they'll think we're up to something out here."
She caught the teasing undertone in his rough voice. He was definitely laughing at her.
Staring up at the man looming over her in the pitch black, she couldn't make out his expression at all.
But she knew, without a doubt, that he was amused.
Furious, she tried to shove him away, but pushing with all her might didn't budge him an inch.
Angry now, she stomped hard on his foot. He didn't even flinch. "You still haven't answered my question. Playing cat burglar?"
"I need to use the bathroom."
"Then why are the lights off?"
She kept her head down. "I didn't want to wake you up. Clearly, my consideration was wasted."
Caleb dropped his hand, reached past her to push the bathroom door open, and flicked on the light switch.
Stella braced herself for the blinding glare, but found his large hand hovering right in front of her eyes, blocking out the harshest light until she could adjust.
She lowered her gaze, refusing to look at his face.
She was terrified that if she made eye contact, he would read exactly what she was feeling.
She slipped into the bathroom while he leaned against the wall outside, waiting. Soon, the intermittent sound of running water drifted through the door.
Caleb leaned his head back against the wall, staring at the ceiling. The image of her stunning curves from earlier that day flashed through his mind, stirring a heavy, primal heat in his blood. She was going to be the death of him.
He glanced down at the boot she had stomped on and let out a low chuckle.
The girl who used to be so hopelessly soft now had a few thorns of her own.
Stella hurried out a moment later, her face burning. Without a single glance in his direction, she flicked off the light and sprinted back to her room.
It was entirely too humiliating.
The next morning.
When Lemira and Stella finally emerged from their rooms, both
girls kept their eyes glued to net
the
floor, refusing to look at each other. 
The men, however, were a different story. Both seemed to be in excellent spirits.
They exchanged a knowing glance but said nothing.
After breakfast, Orion turned to Lemira. "I'll book a booth for tonight. We can head to the club together."
Getting down to business, Lemira's expression sobered. "Alright, I'll contact the Langstons later."
Just as they were about to leave, Orion's phone rang with an urgent crisis at the corporate office.
Caleb held his hand out. "Toss me the keys."
As Orion handed them over, he
couldn't help but think of the net
from the night before. Why did suddenly feel like he was losing? 
The guy had definitely gotten more cunning during his time abroad.
Ignoring Orion's glare, Caleb headed down to drive the girls to campus.
Sitting in the backseat with Stella, Lemira glanced at the rearview mirror. "Can I ask you something?"
Caleb checked the mirror. "Shoot."
"With your background, your rates for personal security must be astronomical, right?"
Stella held her breath at the question. "I'm a trust fund kid. I can afford him."
She had technically hired him as her bodyguard, but they hadn't actually discussed money.
Caleb didn't get angry; he just offered a lazy hum of agreement.
Seeing his relaxed reaction, Lemira knew Orion was right. The bodyguard was absolutely here for Stella.
His return was completely driven by his feelings for her.
Having confirmed his motives, Lemira dropped the subject.
The car pulled up to the curb near campus.
Just as the girls were about to step Caleb
out
the door
beat them to it open ne
od standing tall
side it
"What's wrong?" Lemira asked.
He stared at a vehicle approaching down the street, his tone turning ice-cold. "We
have company."
###Chapter 896
Stella followed his gaze and instantly recognized her aunt's car.
"It's the Waverlies," she said tightly. "They must have realized the contract was fake."
Lemira raised an eyebrow. "They'd have to be brain-dead not to figure it out by now."
The two exchanged a look and stepped out of the car. They always knew this confrontation was inevitable.
But with Caleb standing right there, Lemira wasn't worried in the slightest.
Sure enough, the car aggressively screeched to a halt nearby.
Mrs. Waverly stormed out, her eyes bloodshot with rage the moment she spotted Stella.
"Stella Waverly!" she snarled. "You actually dared to conspire with that little homewrecking s*** to play me?!"
In Mrs. Waverly's eyes, Stella's stepmother was nothing but a cheap tramp who wasn't even fit to shine her shoes.
Lemira scoffed loudly. "It's rich hearing the person who used literal kidnapping and extortion call anyone else names. I've never seen someone so utterly shameless."
She had been harboring a fierce grudge over what Mrs. Waverly had done to Stella. Hearing that, Mrs. Waverly's fury boiled over. She pointed a trembling finger at Lemira. "And you! You helped her do it, didn't you?"
How else would that spineless stepmother have suddenly grown a backbone? Stella stepped forward, placing herself firmly in front of Lemira.
Her face was stony. "You tried to steal my assets using illegal force. You're the despicable one here, Auntie."
"W-What did you just say to me? Lemira has thoroughly corrupted you. You actually have the nerve to talk back to me?!"
Mrs. Waverly was vibrating with anger. "I never should have arranged for you to share a dorm with her!"
Stella used to be so obedient, so easy to manipulate.
She had orchestrated the dorm arrangement hoping Stella would network with the Langstons, only for it to backfire spectacularly.
Stella gave a cold, hollow laugh. "I actually have to thank you for that. Otherwise would have spent my entire life under your thumb, being bled dry until there was nothing left." 
"You really have been poisoned by this girl. You're coming with me, right now."
Mrs. Waverly had come prepared. She signaled, and a squad of burly men moved in, completely surrounding them.
Lemira grabbed Stella's arm and leveled a cool stare at the older woman. "There are a lot of people around. Aren't you worried about making a scene?"
"Who in this city would dare report on Waverly family business?"
Mrs. Waverly was dripping with arrogance. "I heard you can fight, Lemira, but let's see you take all of them on by yourself. You don't have Orion here to save you today."
Lemira realized why she had chosen today to strike-she must have known Orion wasn't with them.
She simply smiled. "We have security too."
Mrs. Waverly finally noticed the tall,
imposing man standing silently behind the girls. As she registered. his face, the color drained from hers. "You... You didn't die overseas." 
"Thanks to you, I narrowly survived," Caleb replied, his voice deadly calm.
Stella looked at him in shock. "What does that mean?"
Before he could answer, Mrs.
Waverly shrieked, "You were leading Stella astray back then! I paid people
to get rid of you.
Itho you were
dead in a ditch somewhere. Pcan't believe you crawled back!" 
Stella went deathly pale. "You had no right to do that!"
"I did it because you refused to obey me!"
Mrs. Waverly's face twisted into an ugly sneer. "Get them! Grab Stella and bring her
to me!"
She was determined to make the girl suffer today.
Lemira pulled Stella back and looked at the man beside them. "You're up, bodyguard."
Caleb raised an eyebrow. Bodyguard?
###Chapter 897
Lemira and Stella comfortably took a few steps back, letting him handle it.
But Caleb didn't charge forward.
He glanced over his shoulder. "Take Stella to class. I'll escort you guys in a minute."
Lemira wanted to ask why he wasn't moving, but prioritizing Stella's safety, she didn't argue and pulled her friend toward the campus gates.
The second they moved, Mrs. Waverly's thugs rushed in.
Any man who stepped within Caleb's reach was incapacitated in a single, brutal strike a snapped arm here, a shattered knee there.
As Lemira walked away, the sickening crunch of breaking bones echoed behind her.
She noted his lethal efficiency. He truly was a seasoned mercenary; every move was designed to destroy.
Soon, the two girls were safely inside the university grounds.
Even the most arrogant thugs wouldn't dare storm Orvin University, considering the heavy political backing the institution held.
Caleb stood casually by the entrance, staring down the remaining men who hesitated to approach.
Mrs. Waverly stomped forward, livid. "You got lucky all those years ago. But if you cross the Waverlies again, I will make sure you die screaming this time!"
Caleb met her hysterical glare with eyes that were utterly dead. Her threats didn't even register as noise.
Instead, his gaze held nothing but profound contempt.
Catching that look, her rage spiked. "A piece of gutter trash like you thinks he deserves Stella? You're just a gold-digging parasite trying to leech off her wealth. I've always seen right through you!"
"You're out of line!"
Stella stormed back toward the gate, shaking with anger. "You say he only wants my money? What about you?! You're the real parasite here!"
Mrs. Waverly swayed, overcome by a rush of absolute fury, and collapsed in a dead faint.
Stella didn't even spare her a second glance, turning on her heel and marching back into campus. The moment her aunt had kidnapped her and tried to extort her inheritance, any remaining familial ties had been permanently severed.
Lemira caught up to her, noticing Stella's eyes were red with tears.
"It's over now," she said softly.
"It's because I was so weak and cowardly back then. I almost got him killed, and I
didn't even know... I actually resented him for leaving."
The guilt threatened to crush her every time she thought about it.
Lemira walked her back to the dorm.
Pausing at the entrance, she looked back at Caleb, who had followed at a distance. "I have class in a bit. Stella
I probably stay here for the rest of the day. FindNovel.net
He nodded. "Understood."
Lemira thought for a moment. "Thanks for finding Evelina."
"Don't mention it."
As she walked away, Caleb stared up at the
dorm building, his mindet & the age of the crying girl
marching away from the gates. 
Back in the room, Lemira found Stella had calmed down and was on the phone.
It was likely someone from the Waverly family calling about her aunt collapsing.
Lemira didn't pry; she knew Stella could handle them now.
Later, as she walked to class with Janice, she mentioned the incident with Mrs. Waverly.
Janice ground her teeth. "Those people have absolutely no shame. They're just like the Langstons."
Catching herself, she quickly added, "No offense to you, obviously."
Even though Lemira shared their last name.
"None taken. You're completely right, they are shameless."
She couldn't care less about insulting her blood relatives at this point.
After class, Lemira prepared to notify the Langstons about Evelina.
Loathing the idea of speaking to Asher, she called Lucian instead.
He picked up on the first ring, his voice practically vibrating with
velvet.
"Lemmy youre finally t
to me." FindNovel.net
talk
He had been drowning in corporate fires at the Langston Group lately, barely keeping his head above water.
"Lemmy, I found this great new spot that serves dishes from back home. Do you want to grab dinner tonight?"
"Skip dinner. Let's hit a nightclub instead."
Lucian paused, confused. "Why a nightclub? Wait... did you find Evelina?"
###Chapter 898
"Tsk, you'll see when you get there. Make sure to bring Asher and Evander."
Lemira hung up without another word.
Listening to the dial tone, Lucian put the pieces together. They had definitely found her.
She was at a nightclub?
His greatest regret in life was agreeing with Asher to bring that toxic parasite into their home.
Now, it had driven a permanent wedge between the actual siblings.
That evening, Lemira and Stella set out for the club.
Caleb was driving again. In the back seat, Lemira turned to Stella. "The name of this place sounds weirdly classy."
"She's hiding out working here. How classy can it really be?"
Stella had zero sympathy for the girl.
After they parked, Lemira and Stella walked toward the entrance. It was still fairly early in the evening.
The bouncer at the door eyed them up and down. "A bit early, aren't you? The clientele hasn't even arrived yet."
Lemira frowned. "Excuse me?"
Caleb stepped forward immediately, his face carved from granite, a terrifying, murderous aura radiating from him.
The bouncer instantly snapped his mouth shut.
Caleb turned slightly. "After you, Ms. Lemira."
With her chin held high, Lemira gave the bouncer a disdainful scoff and walked in.
Only then did the man realize these two were wealthy patrons with private security clearly high-society heiresses.
Moments later, a manager scrambled over to Caleb, bowing profusely. "Boss, I apologize, the new guy didn't know who he was dealing with. Please forgive the offense."
Caleb remained expressionless. "Just make sure the arrangements I asked for are handled."
"Absolutely, handled perfectly. I'll make sure that trash is brought straight to you." The manager felt a twinge of regret. The girl had only been there two days, but she was incredible at stroking male egos and was already bringing in top revenue.
He had wondered why someone with her skills was slumming it here. Turns out she had made some very powerful enemies.
Inside the VIP booth, Stella let out a breath. "I really hate places like this. It's disgusting."
Lemira cast a thoughtful glance at Caleb. He seemed remarkably familiar with the underworld scene.
When Caleb met her eyes, she quickly looked away. Honestly, a man like him was perfectly suited to keep Stella safe.
He clearly heard Stella's complaint as well, his eyes lowering as he mentally cataloged it.
A short while later, the Langston brothers arrived.
The moment Asher saw Stella, his brow furrowed in severe displeasure. He turned
to Lemira. "Why did you bring her?"
He already knew Evelina was working as a hostess here.
Regardless of the circumstances, she was raised by their family. This scandal would be a catastrophic humiliation if it got out. 
The last thing he wanted was for Stella to witness their family's utter disgrace, yet Lemira always seemed hell-bent on defying him. It was like she existed solely to torment him! 
Lemira knew exactly why he looked so sour.
And yes, it was entirely intentional.
She spoke with icy precision, "Stella helped track her down. She's not an
outside so why shouldn't she get to
enjoy the show?" 
Asher nodded stiffly. "I'm glad you see it that way. Stella will always be family to us."
Lemira nearly gagged at the sheer narcissism. She had never met someone so utterly delusional.
Stella looked equally repulsed. She pointed at Caleb. "He's the one who found her."
Lemira glared at Asher. "Stop trying to force a connection. No one here has any desire to join your family!"
Asher shot the bodyguard a wary look.
This guy found Evelina? That was impossible. He had used all his resources and come up empty!
What kind of connections did a mere bodyguard have?
He scoffed coldly. "Stop lying. Orion obviously pulled the strings for you. Let's not waste time-where is she?"
He was going to shatter her legs tonight.
How dare she humiliate him by working as a cheap hostess!
###Chapter 899
Lemira snorted. "What's the rush? As long as I throw enough cash around, she'll come running."
Asher's jaw twitched, but he kept his mouth shut.
Evander, however, glared at Lemira. "If it wasn't for you, she never would have been forced to run away!"
Since they were the ones who found her here, it meant she had fled on her own and hadn't been kidnapped by the Sinclair family.
Lemira shot him a pitying look. "You should be asking yourself why a woman carrying your child chose to flee to a nightclub rather than rely on you!"
"Because you never stopped bullying her!"
Truthfully, Evander was mortified. The mother of his child was working as a hostess!
It was utterly infuriating.
Stella couldn't take the stupidity anymore. "I seriously don't know what's wrong with your family's brains. You're still defending her."
Evander opened his mouth to snap back, but Asher cut him off. "Evander, shut your mouth!"
"Asher, did you not hear her insult me?"
"She's right. We were blind to trust Evelina. It's because of her that our family is broken."
Asher looked at Lemira with profound complexity. If only she would just lower her head and come back to him.
Lately, he had felt the crushing weight of being cornered in the corporate world.
He had banked on securing Stella's assets to weather the storm, only to be played for a fool.
If Lemira would just forgive him, he could secure the Everhart family's backing.
He turned to Stella. "I know about the fake contract now. Did you really trust me that little?"
If he had just gotten that money, he wouldn't be in this desperate situation.
Stella's face turned to stone. "It's my money. Why should I give it to you? Are you really trying to live off a woman?"
Asher choked. He knew he had crossed a line, but he refused to admit he was trying
to leech off her wealth.
Especially
right there. He couldn't afford to look
eot with his rival standing
Pin front of this bodyguard
Lucian intervened before things escalated. "Enough. We're here to collect Evelina."
Asher looked back at Lemira. "What are you going to do now?"
"I'm going to the police to have them reopen the parents' case."
She had made up her mind. There was no point investigating on her own anymore; she had hit a dead end.
Asher frowned. "Are you sure you
want tolare war on the Sincla family? Won't the Everharts ste in
to stop you? 
"That's none of your business. Worry about your own collapsing company. I'll avenge our parents myself!"
Her voice dripped with biting sarcasm.
Asher bristled, sensing the jab at his botched attempt to seize Stella's funds.
Lucian grabbed his arm. "Drop it."
The Langstons sat on the velvet couches in total silence.
The VIP booth was practically vibrating with pulsing club lights, yet the atmosphere felt as grim as a morgue.
A moment later, a knock broke the tension. "Apologies for the wait, VIPs. Our Princess Evie is here."
Lemira smiled sharply. "Ah, the illustrious Princess."
She glanced at Asher, her eyes gleaming with unfiltered mockery.
He looked like he wanted the floor to swallow him whole. "I should have listered to Lucian and left her in Lyria. We wouldn't be dealing w this catastrophic embarrassment." 
Lucian merely sighed heavily.
'Princess Evie' was her old streaming persona. To think she was brazenly using it to sell herself here.
Seeing the brothers' faces twist in absolute agony put Lemira in an exceptionally good mood.
A sickly sweet, overly s*** voice drifted through the door. "I'm so sorry to keep my VIPs waiting."
The door swung wide. A long, bare leg stepped through first, clad in a scandalous, crimson burlesque outfit.
###Chapter 900
Everyone in the booth froze, staring in stunned silence.
Evelina had her back turned to the room, supremely confident in her entrance. Since her pregnancy had ruined her waistline, she was relying entirely on her legs to captivate her clients.
Assuming her audience was struck dumb by her allure, she swayed her hips and strutted inside.
But the moment she finally looked up and registered who was sitting on the couches, she let out a bloodcurdling shriek as if she had seen a ghost.
Ah!!!
All the color drained from her face. She spun around to bolt, only to find Caleb's massive frame blocking the door.
She stumbled backward, sheer terror in her eyes. She had been caught.
It was over. The Langstons were going to destroy her.
Lemira gave her a predatory half-smile. "Why did the dancing stop, Princess? I hear you've been quite the performer lately."
"Drop the act, Lemira!"
Evelina's voice cracked with panic. She truly hadn't expected them to find her here.
"You still have the nerve to speak?"
Asher lunged forward and slapped her with everything he had. "You have no shame! Do you want to ruin our family completely?!"
Evelina crashed to the floor. She let out a bitter, ugly laugh. "Ruin your family? Your family is already a joke!"
Asher's hands shook with violent rage. "Say that again. I dare you."
"Am I wrong?"
Lucian stared down at her in disgust. "We raised you in the lap of luxury. We alienated our own blood sister for you. What more could you possibly want?"
"For me? Don't make me laugh!"
Evelina pointed a shaking finger at Asher. "He only brought me in to boost the family's charitable image And the rest of you? You were completely reliant on Lemira's talent but were too pathetic to admit it, so you bullied her to make yourselves, feel big. How is any of that my fault?" 
Spitting venom, she added, "You're the most selfish people on the planet, yet you expect everyone to treat you like saints!"
Lucian stepped forward and delivered a second, echoing slap.
Evander practically threw himself at her, his eyes wild. "You're pregnant! Why would you run away to work in a degenerate place like this? Have you lost your mind?!"
"To get money, obviously! If I relied on a cripple like you, I'd barely get table scraps. No jewelry, no luxury cars, nothing!"
She dropped all pretense with him. She knew she was doomed anyway; there was no point in playing the devoted victim anymore.
Evander looked like he had been struck by lightning. "I am a Langston heir! If you wanted things, you just had to ask!"
"Ask a useless cripple? You don't have a dime to your name!"
She stared at him with n*** contempt "I thought you could provide for me, but you're just a pathetic joke, if it wasn't for my own. survival, why would I ever look twice at a defective cripple?" 
"I'll kill you!!"
Hearing the absolute, unfiltered truth finally shattered what was left of his sanity.
She had been using him the entire time. She never loved him at all!
Seeing him lunge for her throat, Lucian quickly yanked him back. "Stop! She's carrying your child."
"Like hell she is! Who knows if it's even mine!"
Evander looked ready to tear her apart with his bare hands.
Evelina just smiled, a cruel, vindictive
smirk. "Then take a guess. If it is e
yours, might be the only one you everget. Without this kid your bloodline dies with your 
Evander's eyes were bloodshot with hatred.
Suddenly, Lemira noticed a dark stain spreading across the crimson fabric of
Evelina's skirt. She frowned. "Back off. She's spotting."
###Chapter 901
The moment Lemira Langston spoke, every eye in the room turned toward her.
Evelina Sterling finally realized something was wrong. She looked down at her thighs and saw the blood soaking through. A sharp cramp twisted her stomach.
Her face drained of color as she pointed a trembling finger at the Langston family. "You killed this baby! It was you! You'll pay for this!"
Lucian Langston's face was grim. "Get her to the hospital."
Evelina let out a harsh, hysterical laugh. It sounded utterly mocking, yet her eyes were wide with sheer terror.
She was terrified of going to prison!
She had thought that by escaping, her father would come looking for her. She never expected to miscalculate so badly.
Now, Evelina finally believed Lemira's words. Her father had indeed been arrested. Lemira stood perfectly still, watching impassively as Evelina was dragged away. Asher Langston glanced back at Stella Waverly, who was standing right next to Lemira. He opened his mouth as if to speak, but ultimately left without a word.
Staring at the fresh blood staining the floor, Lemira frowned. "Let's get out of here too."
Stella looked uncertain. "Will Evelina's unborn baby survive?"
"Hard to say."
Whether Evelina kept the baby or not was of zero concern to Lemira.
Now that they had found Evelina, her next step was to execute the plan that would send Evelina's father straight to the police station to turn himself in.
Thinking of this, Lemira found it hard to keep her composure.
After all, she had put so much effort into this just to uncover the truth and bring the real culprit to justice.
Sensing Lemira's emotional turbulence, Stella took her hand. "Don't overthink it. We've prepared so much for this. The Sinclair family is going to pay the price."
"No matter what happens, I won't back down."
Leaving the nightclub behind, the group headed straight back to Lemira's apartment.
None of them had the appetite to touch the food while waiting in the VIP room earlier.
Now that they were back in the apartment, Lemira was starting to feel the hunger set in.
She looked over at Stella. "Are you hungry? I noticed you didn't eat much either."
Stella nodded. "I was fine until you mentioned it, but yeah, I'm starving. Should we order takeout?"
Caleb Sterling checked the time. "If
we get delivery from Bistrova, it'll take too long. It's faster to cook. I saw some ingredients in the fridge yesterday but we need fresh. vegetables. I'll go down to the supermarket and grab some." 
Stella didn't say anything to that.
Lemira, however, smiled warmly. "Thanks, Caleb."
Caleb gave a brief nod and turned to leave the apartment.
Lemira walked into the kitchen and started the rice cooker.
Stella followed her in, pausing for a moment before saying, "He's actually a really good cook."
Once the rice was set, Lemira gave Stella a meaningful look. "If you know that, it means he's cooked for you before? I didn't realize the brooding protector treated you so well."
Stella immediately looked flustered. "But I don't know if he's just being nice because he pities me, or if he just subconsciously treats me like a younger sister because he's older."
Thinking about how Thaddeus Draven and Orion Everhart treated Stella, Lemira figured Stella was likely misinterpreting Caleb's intentions.
She looked Stella in the eye. "From what I've seen lately, he definitely has feelings for you. Otherwise, a high-level ex-mercenary like him wouldn't come running back just to play bodyguard the second you texted him. And he certainly wouldn' be playing chef for you so obediently." 
Stella knew there was some truth to that, but she was still conflicted. "I just don't know what's going through his head."
"Don't overthink it. As you spend more time together, you'll naturally figure him out."
Stella hesitated before speaking again. "But you know how I am. With my physical condition, outsiders are definitely going to gossip if they see us together."
"Do not let their toxic manipulation make you feel insecure. You are amazing. Besides, with the massive fortune you have, even your aunt is desperately trying to latch onto you. If you wanted, you could find some young, gorgeous guy who'd grovel just to wait on you hand and foot." 
###Chapter 902
The image of Caleb kneeling to wait on her hand and foot flashed through Stella's mind, and the heat in her cheeks instantly spiked.
Lemira spoke in a serious tone. "You need to be confident. If it turns out he really doesn't like you, then just find someone else."
Just as she said that, the apartment door swung open, and Caleb walked in carrying several heavy bags of groceries.
Lemira and Stella exchanged a quick glance, instantly dropping the topic.
Lemira walked toward him. "Need a hand? I used to cook all the time back at the Langstons."
Stella blushed. "I can wash the vegetables."
She genuinely didn't know how to cook, and she couldn't even pretend to try.
Caleb set the two massive bags down in the kitchen, turning his head to look at both of them. "Out. I've got this on my own."
Lemira pulled Stella out of the kitchen, looking back at the broad-shouldered man busy at the counter.
She shot Stella a look. "I think he's perfect for you. Not only is he built like a tank, but he's also a great cook. A guy who looks that good, can protect you, and handles the kitchen? Those are incredibly rare."
"Aren't you afraid Orion will get jealous hearing you say that? When you asked
Caleb those questions the other day, Orion looked so sour I thought he was going to snap."
"
Lemira's face flushed deeply. "Who cares what he thinks?"
The two girls sat on the sofa, whispering secrets and breaking into occasional giggles.
As Caleb cooked, the sound of their cheerful chatter drifted into the kitchen, and the corners of his mouth subtly curved upward.
Just as the food was ready, Orion walked through the door.
He saw the spread on the table, then cast a highly amused glance at Caleb, who was still wearing an apron.
Without standing on ceremony, Orion washed his hands and sat right down at the dining table. "Perfect timing."
Caleb didn't say a word.
Lemira looked at the food. The portions were massive, and the plating was brutally practical—everything was served in giant bowls.
She took one bite and her eyes immediately lit up. They weren't lying; Caleb's cooking was phenomenal.
To make such large portions taste this incredible took real talent.
Initially, Lemira had worried they wouldn't be able to finish all the food he made, but with two large men at the table every single plate was wiped clean. 
Everyone was in high spirits after the fantastic meal.
Lemira looked at Caleb and joked, "Whoever ends up as your girlfriend is definitely going to get fed until she's a little piglet."
Feeling Lemira's teasing gaze, Stella blushed furiously, bolted from the table, and scurried away.
Orion turned his attention to Lemira. "When do you plan on handing that man over to the police?"
"Evelina has to be at the station too. But she had a pregnancy scare
tonight and have
might miscarry We
to wait for an update from the
Langstons first." 
Orion frowned in distaste. "Why are the Langstons always so full of drama?"
Lemira shook her head helplessly. "We've waited this long, a day or two more won't hurt."
True to her prediction, Lucian called
I.ne
her the very next day. "Evelina's condition isn't great. She's in the hospital right now under strict observation to save the pregnancy 
Typical.
"Your family really is nothing but trouble. I plan to send her father to the police station to turn himself in, but Evelina must be there in person."
After all, Hale's condition for surrendering was making sure Evelina was safe. Not that Evelina was anything but useless anyway.
"Don't worry, I'll arrange it on my end. I'll also make sure Evelina convinces her father not to cover for the Sinclairs."
Lucian hung up the phone. He glanced through the door at Evelina lying in the hospital bed, a surge of pure rage boiling in his chest.
Evelina had single-handedly ruined the Langston family, yet he couldn't punish this toxic woman. Instead, he had to treat her like absolute royalty.
Just then, a doctor approached him, holding a sealed document. "Mr. Langston, the paternity test report you requested is ready."
###Chapter 903
Hearing those words, all the color drained from Lucian's face.
He snatched the report from the doctor's hands. The moment his eyes registered the results, his knees buckled, and he could barely stand.
He lifted his head, staring through the glass at Evelina, who was resting in the hospital bed.
It took him a long time to steady his breathing. Once he calmed down, he carefully folded the paper and tucked it away.
He locked eyes with the doctor. "Absolutely no one can know about this. Especially not my younger brother."
"Rest assured, Mr. Langston. I will keep this strictly confidential. As long as you don't mention it, my lips are sealed."
Lucian's assistant, standing nearby, spoke up cautiously. "Sir, are you really not going to do anything?"
"At the very least, we wait until her father is behind bars. We wait until the situation with the Sinclairs is over."
Lucian knew Lemira's plan.
If he couldn't help her, the least he could do was not drag her down.
He also refused to let his older brother know about this. Asher would undoubtedly find a way to complicate things again, and Lucian was terrified of dealing with his brother's arrogance right now.
Every single time they swore they would change, they ended up making the exact same mistakes when it came to Lemira.
He didn't want his relationship with his sister to deteriorate any further.
At least this way, once their parents were finally avenged, he could try to find a way to mend fences with her.
Meanwhile, Lemira returned to campus for her classes. As for Evelina's situation, the word was she had a high risk of miscarriage and would need a few days of bed rest to stabilize.
As Lemira approached the lecture hall, she noticed a group of people blocking the entrance.
Susanna Sinclair stood at the front, looking incredibly hostile. Her face was dark, staring at everyone as if they owed her millions of dollars.
The moment Lemira saw Susanna, she knew trouble had come knocking.
Janice tugged at Lemira's sleeve, her eyes filled with worry.
Lemira shook her head calmly. "Stand back. The Sinclair family are like rabid dogs right now. Don't provoke them, there's no need."
Besides, she held all the criminal evidence against them anyway.
Sure enough, the second Lemira appeared, Susanna locked onto her, grinding her
teeth with a predatory glare as if she wanted to rip her apart.
Lemira pretended not to notice her, but Susanna stepped directly into her path. "Stop right there. I need to talk to you."
Lemira stared her down. "But I have nothing to say to you. Move."
"Just two minutes in private. If you refuse, I can't guarantee I won't cause trouble for your little friends."
Susanna knew Lemira was close to her roommates. She couldn't afford to offend Stella, but crushing a commoner like Janice would be painfully easy.
Lemira's gaze turned instantly cold. The Sinclair family really hadn't changed one bit.
She followed Susanna slightly down the hall, keeping her expression glacial. "What do you want?"
Seeing that they were alone,
Susanna's arrogant mask shattered. "Lemira, if you stop targeting the
Sinclair family, I'll give however
much money you want." 
Lemira found the offer utterly laughable.
She looked Susanna up and down. "What gives you the right to demand anything from me?"
"If you just let my mother off the hook, I'll throw myself at your mercy. I'll do whatever it takes!"
"There is no need. When you commit a crime, you pay the price, don't you? That's how the law works."
Lemira watched Susanna's
desperate face. "You should be able
to understand exactly how I feel
now. If you're willing to give up. everything just to save your mother, you can imagine my sheer determination to avenge my parents." 
"Is there really no other way?"
"You're willing to go this far for your mother. I am willing to go further."
Susanna was completely speechless. She was out of options.
Tears streamed down her face as she sobbed. "Lemira, my family's situation is getting worse by the minute if what happened back then is exposed, the Sinclair family will be destroyed!" 
###Chapter 904
Susanna had been so impossibly arrogant before, but now she was having a complete mental breakdown.
Lemira ignored her sobbing and walked straight into the classroom. Still, seeing Susanna's utter despair made her feel a twinge of irony.
Even though the Sinclair family were natural-born actors, Susanna probably wasn't lying when she offered to throw herself at her mercy.
But how could Lemira ever drop the charges just because of some desperate tears?
Absolutely impossible!
When Lemira sat down, Janice immediately leaned over. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine. The Sinclair family is too busy trying to save their own skin right now. Susanna won't dare pull anything."
Lemira tossed the encounter out of her mind entirely.
But before heading to the police station, she needed to ensure they were prepared for any possible retaliation.
After classes ended, Lemira headed straight to Iron Haven Fitness, having agreed to meet everyone there.
When she walked in, the gym was completely empty of regular patrons.
The gym owner walked up to her with a smile. "Ms. Langston, we've cleared the floor today. It's just your group."
Lemira noticed the sign hanging on the front door: 'Closed for Interior Upgrades. See you in a week.'
She changed into her workout clothes and walked toward the boxing area, only to find two men trading brutal blows in the ring. The sparring match was intense.
So far, it was impossible to tell whether Orion or Caleb had the upper hand.
Stella was sitting quietly on the sidelines, watching them.
Lemira walked over. "How long have they been going at it?"
"About ten minutes."
Lemira looked up at the ring. "Caleb is really built, isn't he?"
Caleb and Orion were two completely different types of men.
Orion was tall and lean-the type who looked slim in a suit but had perfectly sculpted muscle underneath.
Caleb was massive and heavily built. Every inch of him radiated explosive power, like a predatory beast ready to strike.
Stella nodded shyly. "H-he's alright."
"Just alright? Caleb isn't like those gym bros who bloat up on protein shakes. Every ounce of his muscle was forged in actual combat zones."
Lemira leaned in close to Stella and whispered mischievously, "Haven't you ever touched him to see how he feels?"
Stella's face flushed a deep crimson. She suddenly remembered being in
the restroom when Caleb had
scooped her up into into his arms
He
He
hands had accidentally pressed
against his biceps. 
They were, in fact, rock hard.
Lemira laughed. "Your first time with him might have been a bit fast, but how was his hardware?"
Stella's face turned so red it looked ready to combust. She looked up in a panic, only to see the two men standing directly in front of them looking over the ropes. 
Terrified, Stella shot to her feet, her face hot enough to boil water.
re
Lemira finally realized they had stopped fighting. She turned her head, looking at the two men
Qu
dripping in sweat, and let out incredibly awkward laugh. "You guys
finished so fast?" 
For some reason, the moment the words left her mouth, both men's expressions darkened significantly.
Lemira genuinely hadn't expected them to stop sparring out of nowhere.
She hadn't even watched enough yet!
Wait. Did they hear what she just said?
Lemira blinked rapidly. "I just realized I haven't warmed up yet! I'm going to hit the treadmill!"
She turned on her heel and bolted.
Orion watched Lemira run away, pressing his tongue against the inside of his cheek.
Were girls' conversations really this wild nowadays?
He shot Caleb a highly amused look. "I yield, buddy."
Caleb remained completely silent.
Orion turned and went after Lemira. He was absolutely going to correct this girl's twisted mindset tonight.
Caleb stood perfectly still, lowering his gaze to look at Stella. His eyes were dark and predatory.
He took a step forward, closing the distance between them.
Stella was so terrified by his intense stare that her heart did a somersault. This man was going to be the death of her.
###Chapter 905
Stella took a step back, and Caleb immediately took a step forward.
She kept retreating until her back hit a heavy punching bag. Trapped, she looked up in pure panic at the massive man cornering her. She could smell the heavy, musky scent of his sweat.
He was wearing a tight athletic tank top that clung to his striking physique, the sweat making his muscles gleam under the gym lights.
Stella shrank back like a frightened quail, her eyes unintentionally following a drop of sweat as it rolled down his chest and disappeared past his waistband.
His soaked shirt left absolutely nothing to the imagination, clearly outlining the hard ridges of his abs.
Suddenly, Caleb threw a heavy punch at the bag behind her. The sheer force of the rebound launched Stella forward, sending her directly into Caleb's chest.
She smacked her forehead against his rock-hard muscles, tearing up from the impact.
"Want to try it out?"
His deep, raspy voice rumbled right next to her ear. She looked up tentatively. "Try what?"
She met those sharp, predatory eyes that seemed capable of seeing right through her soul.
Sensing immense danger, Stella ducked her head and tried to bolt, but he effortlessly caged her in.
Her back was pressed against the punching bag, and no matter how hard she pushed, she couldn't move him an inch.
This was the same man who had just made the heavy bag fly with a casual punch.
Caleb leaned down, his face inches from hers. "You seem nervous."
"I-I... You're too close. Of course I'm nervous."
"What are you so nervous about? Do you think I'm going to eat you?"
He lowered himself to eye level. "When you gossip with your friends, you really hold nothing back, do you?"
No man on earth could tolerate being told he didn't last long.
Especially not when the girl he liked was the one saying it.
Stella's face flushed violently. Now she was absolutely certain he had heard every single word.
She lowered her eyes, her eyelashes trembling. "I-I wasn't wrong. That time, you really were pretty fast."
The second she said it, a shiver shot down her spine, making her scalp tingle. She felt exactly like prey locked in the jaws of a beast.
He dipped his head and captured her lips. The kiss wasn't gentle in the slightest.
Stella clamped her mouth shut, pushing frantically against his chest to get him away.
Caleb kissed her for a moment before pulling back slightly, his voice a low, commanding coax. "Open your mouth."
Stella kept her jaw locked tight, looking exactly like a martyr resisting a brutal interrogation.
Seeing right through her stubbornness, Caleb let out a low chuckle and moved his lips to her neck.
Stella gasped in shock, and in that split second, he seamlessly slipped past her defenses.
She reached up to shove him away, but he effortlessly caught both her wrists in one hand and pinned them firmly above her head.
His other hand slid perfectly around
her waist. With one smooth motion, he hoisted her up, completely eliminating the height difference between them. 
Stella lost all her strength to fight back. Her watery eyes glared at him, though it looked far more like a s*** pout.
Caleb was dangerously close to losing control, but he knew this wasn't the place to take her bare.
He broke the kiss, staring at the breathless girl in his arms.
His voice was thick with tension. "You can experience it again. Then you'll know if I last long enough or not."
Stella was so embarrassed she couldn't even open her eyes, praying to God this was all just a hallucination.
She stammered shyly, "Let me go. They're going to come back."
"Don't worry. They won't be back for a long while."
Caleb knew exactly what kind of man was. After hearing
would demand immedia
something like that, any man's pet
At that exact moment, inside the locker room.
Lemira was straddling Orion's lap, pressed flush against his chest, utterly unable to move.
She threw her head back, staring blindly at the ceiling, her lungs burning for oxygen.
Clinging to her last shred of sanity, she pushed against his shoulders. "Don't. They'll notice. It's been too long."
Orion finally stopped, leaning his head back against the bench, a few damp strands of hair falling over his forehead.
He pulled her fiercely into his arms. "Are you going to spout nonsense again?" Lemira shook her head frantically.
She didn't have the energy to with him anyway. In the end, was the
De who paid the p
price for running her mo
She poked his chest. "You're covered in sweat. You smell." Orion let out a dark chuckle. "I'm going to take a shower. Care to join?"
"Not a chance!"
Lemira rejected him instantly.
She pushed him away and stood up on shaky legs. "They're definitely going to know what we were doing in here for so long."
"Don't worry. Stella is probably thinking the exact same thing right now."
Lemira almost didn't process what he meant. She stared at him in shock. "Are you sure?"
###Chapter 906
"You think a man wouldn't react after hearing something like that? He wouldn't be a man if he didn't."
Orion knew exactly how male pride worked. In fact, before he even walked away from the ring, he had perfectly predicted what was going to happen.
He smiled faintly. "It's the perfect opportunity for them to bond."
"But what if Stella didn't want to?"
"You said you didn't want to either."
Lemira slapped her hand over Orion's mouth. "Shut up."
He kissed her palm, chuckled, and stood up. "I'm heading out."
He walked over to the men's locker room, making sure not to run into Stella when she inevitably came back.
On the other side, just as Orion was about to step into the showers, Caleb walked
in.
The two men exchanged a single glance. Neither said a word.
Caleb broke the silence first. "Delete the security footage."
Orion smirked. "Go tell the owner yourself. Watch your behavior in public."
Caleb went completely silent.
After fixing her clothes, Lemira splashed cold water on her face to cool down her flushed cheeks.
Stepping out of the locker room, she bumped right into Stella.
The two girls locked eyes, both of them blushing furiously, and neither said a word.
Lemira cleared her throat. "I'm heading out first."
Stella nodded quickly. "Oh, okay. Go ahead."
With zero further communication, they both kept their heads down and scurried away in opposite directions.
Once outside, Lemira buried her face in her hands. She was never, ever talking like that again.
She had to be careful next time. Who knew these men had such fragile egos?
By the time Lemira reached the boxing area, her PR manager, Debby, had already arrived.
Debby pulled out a stack of documents. "These are the files the legal team prepared. With our lead attorney handling this, the Sinclair family doesn't stand a chance in court."
Lemira nodded in satisfaction.
With a top-tier lawyer on their side, their odds of completely crushing them were astronomically high.
Debby paused. "There is one thing you should know. While Evelina has been in the hospital trying to save her pregnancy, Lucian quietly ordered a DNA paternity test. He currently has the results in his possession."
"Has the Langston family reacted at all?"
"Nothing."
Lemira thought it over. "If they aren't making a scene, it must mean the baby is genuinely a Langston.
Otherwise, they'd be raising absolute. hell." 
?
FindNovel.net
"But this doesn't affect our plans."
"True."
As Lemira and Debby finalized their strategy, Orion walked out of the locker room.
Seeing him instantly made Lemira's expression turn wildly unnatural.
Having finished her report, Debby tactfully excused herself.
Lemira looked at Orion. "The new energy prosthetics launch is happening soon, right?"
"Yes, the product launch press conference is tomorrow morning, followed by a banquet in the evening. Going?"
"Of course I'm going."
It was the culmination of all her hard work. Why wouldn't she go?
Stella chimed in from the side. "My aunt is definitely going to be jealous of your launch. Be careful, she might try to sabotage it."
After all, Mrs, Waverly had poured massive investments into Asher's PZ Group project. Now that Asher had abandoned the development halfway through his company was bleeding millions of dollars and fighting a bitter legal war with the PZ Group. 
FindNovel.net
"Nothing to worry about. Everything is already handled."
Orion checked his phone. "It's getting late. Let's grab dinner. I know a great spot."
Stella practically jumped. "I-I still have homework! I'm staying at the dorm tonight."
Caleb shot her a dark look, but she kept her head down, refusing to meet anyone's eyes.
Lemira stood right next to Stella. "Same here. We're both staying at the dorm tonight."
Orion gave Lemira a highly meaningful look, but ultimately didn't push the issue.
Lemira and Stella practically fled back to campus.
Orion glanced at Caleb. "I should've let you sleep in your car a few more days. Look how badly you terrified her."
Caleb just stared at him.
Once back in their dorm room, Lemira and Stella maintained a strict, unspoken pact
to never bring up what happened at the gym.
The next morning, Lemira and Orion arrived at the new product launch.
Seeing her grueling research finally
become a reality felt incredible. It was nothing like her past life, where she exhausted herself seeking. Langstons' approval, only for Evelina to steal all the credit.
Just as Lemira was preparing to take questions from the press, a group of people
walked through the doors.
Evelina, sporting a clearly bulging belly, walked in arm-in-arm with Evander.
###Chapter 907
The moment Lemira saw the Langston family stride in, a heavy sense of foreboding washed over her.
What was this group trying to pull now?
Trailing right behind Evelina and Evander were Asher and Lucian, followed by staff pushing two obnoxiously massive floral arrangements into the venue.
Lucian and Asher took the lead.
Lemira watched them stop right in front of her. Her expression remained glacial. "What are you doing here?"
"Lemmy, we heard about your product launch today, so we came specifically to congratulate you. These floral tributes are from the Langston family. I hope you have a brilliant future shining in the industry you love."
Lemira glanced at the extravagantly over-the-top flowers. They certainly stood out among the rest.
She was genuinely surprised that her family had shown up to congratulate her. After all, the Maple Group and the Langston Group were fierce corporate rivals.
But with so many reporters and high-profile partners watching, Lemira couldn't publicly humiliate them.
If she did, the media's focus would immediately shift from her Gen-2 technology to toxic Langston family drama.
Still, Lemira felt sick to her stomach. She had never once cared about their so-called congratulations.
She replied coolly, "I see. Thank you."
Evelina stepped forward, heavily cradling her stomach. "Lemmy, we came as a family to celebrate you. You don't seem very happy about it?"
Lemira's lips curved into a tight smile. "I'm thrilled. But I thought you were in the hospital strictly resting to save your pregnancy?"
At the mention of her pregnancy scare, Evelina nearly ground her teeth to dust. This b*** always knew exactly where to hit where it hurt.
Asher turned to face the swarm of reporters. "Lemira is my biological sister. Even though our companies are competing, I am immensely proud that Lemira has reached this level of success thanks to the Langston family's careful upbringing."
Evelina immediately pulled Evander toward the flashing cameras.
Rubbing her belly affectionately, Evelina beamed. "There are rumors that Lemmy hates her family, so we specifically came to clear that up. Business is business, but behind closed doors, blood is thickenthan water." 
Evander nodded enthusiastically. "Exactly! The Maple Group managed to launch their product a bit faster than us, but the Langston Group's prosthetics wil be hitting the market very soon. I hope everyone pays just I as much attention to our upcoming release. It won't be any less impressive than Maple
Group's after all, it's all in the
family!" 
The reporters were highly intrigued by Evelina and Evander as a couple. The Langston Group's previous campaigns had already built
immense public interest around their tragic romance. 
By flaunting her pregnancy, Evelina purposefully made herself the center of attention.
In an instant, the Langstons completely hijacked the media coverage of the event.
Watching the circus unfold, Lemira looked directly at Lucian. "Is this why you came? I definitely accept this 'gift' of yours."
"Lemmy, listen to me, I had no idea he was going to do this."
Lucian whipped his head around to glare at Asher. "What the hell is this?"
Asher looked perfectly calm. "Didn't you say we should come celebrate her? I brought everyone here. Is there a problem?"
Lucian was livid. "Did you bring people here to celebrate, or did you bring them here to sabotage her?"
"We're all family anyway, what does it matter?"
Asher genuinely saw nothing wrong with it. As far as he was concerned, Lemira owed him this much.
Without a second thought, Asher walked over to join Evelina and Evander, shamelessly promoting the Langston Group's unreleased product to the Maple Group's press pool.
All the color drained from Lucian's face. He looked back at Lemira with an expression that was more agonizing than if he were sobbing.
He choked on his words. "Lemmy, whether you believe me or not, I truly just wanted to celebrate you. I wanted to support you."
Lemira let out a mocking laugh. "So what you're saying is, your good intentions went horribly wrong again, and I should just forgive you and appreciate your pure motives, right?"
The words struck Lucian like a physical blow, choking him instantly, because that was exactly what he had been hoping she would do.
But hearing the ugly truth spoken aloud by Lemira made it feel suffocatingly pathetic.
###Chapter 908
Lucian's heart twisted with a bitter, suffocating wave of despair. "Lemmy, I swear I didn't mean for this to happen."
"If you didn't mean it, then take your people and get out."
Lemira was forcefully keeping her temper in check. She refused to let the toxic Langston drama overshadow her Gen-2 technology launch.
Asher had deliberately banked on the fact that she wouldn't cause a scene in front
of the press.
It made Lemira feel absolutely sick to her stomach.
Lucian glanced helplessly toward Asher. "You know how he is. Now that he's set this up, he's not going to just walk away because I ask him to."
"Fine. I gave you a chance. You threw it away."
Without another word, Lemira marched directly toward Asher and the cameras.
Watching her back, Lucian felt an intense, dreadful premonition, though he couldn't pinpoint exactly why. Surely she wouldn't create a massive scandal at her own company's launch, right?
Evelina caught sight of Lemira approaching and instinctively shielded her bulging stomach, terrified the b*** might try to attack her.
Right now, her unborn baby was her ultimate shield.
Evelina plastered on a fake smile. "Lemmy, I was just so overjoyed that I ended up talking a bit too much to the reporters. You aren't mad at me, are you?"
Asher immediately jumped in. "What are you talking about? Lemira isn't that petty."
Lemira offered a flawless, ambiguous smile. "How could I be? I'm thrilled you're all here. After all, you've spent my entire life focusing solely on Evelina. Now that I've worked so incredibly hard, you finally noticed my success and came to support me. I am truly, deeply happy."
As she spoke, her eyes welled up with tears. She carefully wiped them away, painting the perfect picture of a heartbroken, neglected sister.
Evelina instantly realized she was losing control of the narrative. "Lemmy, they've always treated you wonderfully too! They only paid a little extra attention to me because I'm adopted, and they were worried I'd feel left out!"
"I know. Asher always lectured me to treat you better, telling me that because you aren't biological blood, you couldn't be allowed to feel slighted, otherwise outsiders would gossip."
Evelina nearly snapped her teeth. "When did that ever happen?"
Lemira looked up innocently at Asher. "Right, Asher?"
Asher's face stiffened awkwardly. "I don't recall saying that. You're misremembering. You've always been too sensitive and overthought things."
Lemira's eyes instantly dimmed. She lowered her head and stood there quietly, looking exactly like a fragile girl crushed by her family's emotional neglect.
The reporters captured the entire exchange, completely stunned by the blatant favoritism.
A second later, Lemira looked up with a brave, wobbly smile. "I thought if just worked hard enough, my brothers would finally look at me it seems was expecting too much. Maybe I'm just not excellent enough yet." 
A reporter couldn't stand it anymore. "Ms. Langston, if someone of your caliber isn't excellent, then excellence doesn't exist in this world!"
"Exactly! You are one of the youngest brilliant minds in the industry, leagues ahead of everyone else. You have absolutely no reason to feel insecure!"
"Live for yourself, Ms. Langston! Don't spend your life chasing your toxic family's approval!"
Hearing their support, Lemira offered the press a radiant, deeply appreciative smile.
It was the perfect blend of vulnerability and unyielding strength.
She spoke softly, "Thank you all for the comfort. I will continue to work hard."
The cameras flashed wildly. How could anyone blame Lemira? She was just a brilliant girl desperate for the family love she had been denied.
Who hadn't felt neglected by their parents or siblings at some point?
Seeing the media completely shift their sympathy to Lemira, Evelina burned with rage. She grabbed Evander and pushed her way forward termy you're
overthinking it! In our hearts, we are
all one big happy family!"
Suddenly, Lemira stepped forward, reaching out to warmly grab Evelina's hand as if
they were sisters making amends.
Terrified of letting Lemira get close to her stomach, Evelina panicked and scrambled backward. In her
haste, she collided hard wil net
Evander her heel slamming aggressively down onto his prosthetic leg. 
With a sharp crack, Evander hopped wildly on his good leg before losing his balance
and crashing heavily to the floor.
His prosthetic leg was left completely detached, lying discarded right beneath Evelina's feet.
###Chapter 909
The sudden chaos caught everyone completely off guard.
Moving far faster than Evelina, Lemira immediately threw herself to her knees beside Evander. "Evander, what happened? Are you okay? Your stump is bleeding!"
She stared in exaggerated horror at his amputated leg, which was indeed oozing fresh blood.
She quickly snatched the detached prosthetic from the floor. "Evander, this prosthetic doesn't fit you at all! Why are you forcing yourself to wear it? The design is completely flawed—it's mutilating you!"
The moment Lemira said that, reporters surged forward like sharks detecting blood, snapping frantic photos of the gruesome injury.
Lemira immediately began pointing out the fatal structural flaws in the Langston Group's design to the press.
Seeing his entire product launch imploding, Asher lunged forward and violently snatched the prosthetic from her hands. "What kind of nonsense are you spouting?"
"Asher, I am just looking out for him! We're family, right? Would I ever try to hurt you guys?"
Playing the picture of absolute innocence, Lemira seamlessly shoved all of Asher's previous words right back down his throat.
She looked him dead in the eye. "Even if you hate me for it, I have to tell the truth. Your design process was incredibly rushed. It's riddled with defects you never bothered to fix. Look at Evander's injuries! Are you blind?"
Her eyes welled up with tears once again.
She looked down at Evander with profound sorrow. "Your leg has been rubbed completely raw. Don't lie and pretend it doesn't hurt just to protect Asher's business! When this product hits the market, thousands of consumers are going to suffer the exact same bloody injuries. Can you live with that guilt?"
Evander stared at Lemira's tear-filled eyes, completely paralyzed by shock.
Was this the same Lemira he knew?
Had she ever cared this much about his leg recently?
Then it hit him—before she severed ties with the family, she had cared about him endlessly. She had prioritized him over everything.
For the first time in months, Evander remembered how unconditionally she had
loved him, and his hostile expression softened significantly. "I was just trying to help Asher!"
"Shut up, Evander!"
Asher was so furious he could barely see straight. Was his brother completely blind to the fact that Lemira had orchestrated this entire trap?
Lemira stood up, her voice trembling with righteous fury. "Asher, you have crossed the line. You forced him to endure excruciating physical pain just to put on a PR stunt for your defective product: Where is yo conscience?" 
Asher was shaking with so much rage he felt like he might cough up blood.
The reporters were far from stupid. They immediately realized the Langston Group's highly anticipated prosthetics were dangerously defective This was a massive career-ending scandal. 
They swarmed Asher, bombarding him with aggressive questions.
Stepping back from the chaos, Lemira watched the media tear Asher apart. A flash
of icy satisfaction crossed her eyes.
Trying to hijack her product launch for free PR? They really overestimated how much they could chew.
Evander gritted his teeth. "Lemira, help me up."
She stepped close to him and
whispered, her voice s*** of all its fake warmth. "Asher ruined your leg, how pitiful. You should Luse
our company product. I guarantee it won't leave you looking like a
bloody mess." 
Staring into her glacial, unfeeling eyes, Evander finally realized the truth. Her tearful, desperate concern for his leg just moments ago had been a complete and utter performance.
A sickening ache gripped his chest. She used to care about him so deeply.
Whenever his stump hurt, she would spend hours researching and brewing herbal medicine just to ease his pain.
And now?
His mind went completely blank. Why had he ever harbored such intense hatred for her?
She was his biological sister.
Without giving him time to spiral, Lemira retrieved a Maple Group Gen-2 Al Prosthetic and handed it to him. "Try this. It won't hurt."
Evander gave her a long, complicated look, but didn't argue. He quietly strapped the advanced prosthetic onto his bleeding leg.
The moment it fully calibrated, he realized he was already standing perfectly upright without a fraction of the agony he had felt minutes prior.
Lemira stepped back, pulled out her phone, and snapped several photos of him. "Take a few steps. See if it feels infinitely better."
###Chapter 910
Evander took a few hesitant steps. Aside from the raw chafing left by the Langston prosthetic, the movement felt incredibly smooth and completely painless.
Just as he looked up to say something, Lemira had already turned her back on him to address the media. "Everyone, please look here. Our Maple Group Gen-2 technology has undergone massive biomechanical adjustments compared to the Langston equivalent. We originally planned a live demonstration later, but this presented the perfect opportunity."
The reporters instantly abandoned Asher and swarmed Lemira as she flawlessly pitched her tech.
Standing on the sidelines, Asher was practically vibrating with rage. What the hell was that idiot Evander doing?
Evelina was sick with jealousy watching the reporters fawn over Lemira. "Asher, look! She is completely exploiting Evander for her own gain!"
Asher aggressively moved to drag his brother off the stage, but Lucian stepped squarely in his path.
Lucian's expression was dead. "Weren't you the one exploiting her first? You just stood in front of those cameras and proudly declared we were all one big family. If you drag Evander away now, you'll be violently slapping your own face in front of the press."
Asher froze, his boots glued to the floor.
Lucian kept his voice in a low, furious hiss. "Are you angry, Asher? Do you feel like she played you? You are the one who tried to orchestrate this hit on her!"
Asher scoffed darkly. "Do you have any idea how dire the Langston Group's financial situation is right now?"
"And is this the result you wanted?"
Asher went dead silent. Of course it wasn't. He had never expected Lemira to become this ruthlessly brilliant.
Lucian let out a hollow breath. "I told you long ago, Asher. She is no longer the little sister who has to beg us to survive."
"So what? Am I supposed to get on my knees and beg her?"
"What is so shameful about asking your own sister for help instead of scheming against her?"
Asher remained silent, unable to form a rebuttal.
Evelina, however, sneered from the side. "You can defend her all you want, Lucian, but she is never going to help the Langston family."
"Shut your mouth! The only reason our family is destroyed is because of you!"
Lucian was looking at Evelina with pure, unfiltered hatred.
Evelina let out a harsh scoff. "It's because you are all useless! You treated me well because it fed your massive egos, and you oppressed her for the exact same reason! Don't you dare blame me for your own pathetic failures! 
Lucian's face twisted into a mask of pure rage. If he didn't need her to surrender her father, he would have thrown this toxic b*** onto the street right then and there.
Evelina didn't care about their murderous glares anymore. The illusion was shattered. She was exhausted from pretending to be the sweet, innocent victim.
On stage, Lemira wrapped up her presentation. "This is our current Gen-2 technology, but we have already identified areas for Al optimization and are heavily developing the next generation." 
As she moved to showcase the specific tech specs, the Langston family was left completely ignored in the corner like discarded trash.
Watching them, Orion's eyes were as cold as ice.
Thaddeus Draven leaned against the wall. "Should we have security toss them out?"
"No. Let them stay and serve as the ultimate contrast. It saves us millions of dollars in marketing."
"You're right about that. The
Langston Group burned a fortune on
advertising, and Evander just
became a walking billboard for us by
putting on our tech. Little Lemon is a total genius." 
Thaddeus laughed so hard his stomach hurt. None of them had anticipated Lemira's brilliant counterattack.
Orion's lips curved into a dangerously proud smirk. "Of course she is. There is no one in this world better than her."
"Ugh, God. I can't take it. You are way too cheesy."
Thaddeus shuddered in disgust and walked away to join Lemira.
Orion stood perfectly still, watching Lemira's radiant, impossibly confident smile. He
loved seeing her dominate like this.
Suddenly, Lucian walked up beside him.
"Mr. Everhart. Can we talk? About Lemmy."
Orion's gaze instantly turned somber, his predatory aura flaring. "What do you want?"
"Are you going to marry her?"
###Chapter 911
Orion Everhart heard the comment and replied calmly, "Her business is none of your concern."
Sometimes, he thought the Langstons were naturally thick-skinned.
How could the Langstons still call themselves Lemira's family after everything they had done?
"Even if our relationship with Lemira isn't great, we are still her family. The Everhart family's status is too high; I'm just worried she'll be mistreated." Lucian Langston put on the airs of Lemira's older brother.
If Orion wanted to be with Lemira, he had to acknowledge Lucian's status.
Unfortunately, Orion didn't buy that nonsense at all.
Orion said coldly, "But she has suffered the most because of you. Including today."
Orion's merciless words punctured Lucian's hypocrisy.
Lucian was displeased. Orion clearly didn't respect the Langston family.
Would he respect Lemira in the future?
A woman needed her family's backing when she entered a serious relationship.
Orion glanced at Lucian. "She's doing perfectly fine without you. You should have realized that by now."
Orion walked away, completely ignoring Lucian.
Lucian looked up and saw Lemira's confident smile, his chest tightening. He turned
to Asher Langston. "Great. Now we've pushed our own sister even further away."
If they had just come to congratulate Lemira today, none of this would have happened.
If they had maintained a good relationship, the Langston Group wouldn't be backed into a corner!
Asher was irritated and didn't want to hear this nonsense.
He looked at Evander Langston. "Why are you wearing a competitor's prosthetic? Take it off!"
"Asher, Lemira's design really is different. It suits me perfectly. And based on what she said earlier, she designed it specifically with me in mind."
Lemira used to visit him often, so she knew exactly what he needed and didn't need.
Evander felt that Lemira still cared about him as her brother.
After all, if he used Lemira's prosthetic, he wouldn't need a wheelchair and could walk like a normal person.
Evander's attitude towards Lemira softened significantly.
Asher scoffed coldly. "Since she got
the inspiration from you, she
soa have joined Maple Group.
to go against us!" 
Evander wasn't happy. "You're the one who drove her away."
Asher felt a sting of guilt. "Fine. You're all amazing, and I'm the bad guy who can't be a good brother Bu once the Langston family is ruined, you'll all be begging on the streets!" 
Asher stormed off.
Evelina Sterling looked at Lemira with burning jealousy. Why did Lemira get everything now?
If she was still with the Langstons, Evelina could have stolen it.
But Lemira had left the family, and no matter what Evelina did, she couldn't outshine that b***.
Lucian looked at Evelina. "Let's go. Your only value.now is when you see your father, making him confess obediently. Otherwise, your life will be à living hell." 
Evelina lowered her head, realizing she could only protect herself now.
She had thought her father would back her up so she could live a good life, but she ended up like a stray dog.
Evelina was starting to regret falling out with the Langstons.
If she hadn't, she would still be their pampered princess.
Unfortunately, there was no going back.
Meanwhile, after Lemira finished her presentation, she noticed the Langstons were gone.
Finally.
Orion walked over and handed her a glass of water. "Were you nervous up there?"
"It was alright. It's not my first interview."
Lemira was indeed thirsty. After drinking the water, she felt much better.
She asked, "Did you chase the Langstons away?"
"No. They left on their own."
###Chapter 912
Naturally, Orion didn't mention the arrogant things Lucian had said. He wasn't stupid; he saw right through Lucian's calculations.
It was true he cared deeply for Lemira, but he didn't give a damn about the Langston family.
Unless the Langston Group was placed under Lemira's name.
Thaddeus Draven walked over with a smile. "After losing that much face, why would the Langstons stick around? To eagerly ask why their product is trash compared to ours?"
Lemira felt a wave of vindication.
Stella Waverly had warned her that Mrs. Waverly would try to cause trouble, and the result was sending the Langstons here.
Trying to leech off her success to promote their own new product was truly shameless.
Utterly disgusting.
But Lemira hit right back. The Langstons gained nothing today, and Evander's fall had accidentally served as a perfect advertisement for Maple Group's product.
All the money the Langston Group had invested in Evander and Evelina had just paved the way for Maple Group's success.
The thought of it thrilled Lemira with satisfaction.
She looked at the two men. "I'm really looking forward to tomorrow's news coverage."
"Goes without saying. The Waverlies will probably be too furious to sleep tonight."
Thaddeus had also distanced himself from the Waverly family. After all, he was an investor in Maple Group. Even though Mrs. Waverly was his aunt, she had played dirty tricks repeatedly, and he hadn't retaliated yet.
That was already giving her enough respect as family.
Business was about strength, and Thaddeus wasn't going to roll over.
The product launch was a massive success. Afterward, they all went out for dinner.
Lemira had a little wine to celebrate.
But with Orion sitting right next to her, she didn't drink much, and naturally, no one dared to pressure her.
By the time the dinner wrapped up, it was quite late.
Lemira and Orion headed straight back to her apartment. Her head was spinning slightly, and as soon as she walked through the entryway, she collapsed onto the floor.
Orion leaned down and scooped her into his arms. Without even taking off his shoes, he carried her straight into the master bedroom.
Just as the master bedroom door clicked shut, there was movement in the guest
room.
Stella Waverly shoved hard against the broad chest pinning her down Sweat beaded on her forehead and
sherited
she gritted her teeth whispering, Let me go, they te definitely back 
Caleb Sterling gripped Stella's waist, backing her up against the door.
He lowered his head, breathing in the scent of her neck, and chuckled softly. "So what if they are?"
"But if they find out you're in my room, I won't be able to explain it!"
"They already know."
Stella stared at him in shock. "Impossible!"
"Our shoes are in the entryway, but the living room is empty. What do you think they're assuming?"
Realization hit Stella, and a flush crept up her neck. She struggled even harder to push him away.
Caleb's grip loosened just a fraction, and Stella slipped downward, brushing right against his lower abdomen.
Her face burned crimson.
Caleb's voice dropped an octave, rough and dark. "Stop squirming, understand?"
Stella turned her head away. Her skin was flushed, but she still ignored him. Caleb forced his patience. "Why did you agree to your aunt's blind date setup?"
Stella remained silent.
Earlier today, her aunt had used an excuse to call her back. Many of the
Waverly relatives were there making
it hard for her to avoid showing her face. 
After all, at a time like this, Stella had to make sure she didn't slip up in front of the extended family.
Otherwise, her aunt would just use it against her.
But to her surprise, her aunt didn't bring up anything else-she only urged her to go on blind dates to
settle her future, offering to have relatives introduce her to suitable men. 
Stella knew this was fulfilling her father's dying wish, and she could have refused.
But the moment she thought of Caleb, she agreed out of nowhere.
She had deliberately stayed away from the dorms tonight, just to see how Caleb would react.
But she never expected this jerk to corner her right as Orion and Lemira came home.
In a panic, the two of them had ducked into the guest room.
While Stella was lost in thought, a pair of large, searingly hot hands slid down her lower back—and this time, it wasn't over her clothes.
###Chapter 913
The sudden, scorching contact made Stella gasp out loud.
Caleb chuckled low in his chest. "Screaming so loud? Aren't you afraid of being caught?"
Stella snapped her mouth shut. She could feel his hands shifting against her bare skin.
She quickly grabbed his arms to stop him, but the man's muscles were like forged steel. She couldn't budge him an inch.
Caleb's body was completely tense. Her futile resistance felt more like a tickle, doing nothing but fueling the heavy heat pooling in his veins.
He dipped his head and captured her lips. He had wanted to do this for a long, long time.
Stella pushed against him a few times to no avail. The hands on her lower back slid to the front, scaring her so much she forgot to even try pushing him away.
Eventually, she surrendered, letting him pin her against the door and thoroughly ravage her mouth.
Caleb finally pulled back right before he completely lost control. His hands lingered on her waist, his voice gravelly. "Are you still going on that blind date?"
He had come back entirely for her.
At first, it was just to ensure her safety, but spending so much time together made it impossible to lock away his feelings.
Since he knew she still had feelings for him, and he no longer had anything holding him back, he refused to hold back any longer.
But this girl was far less obedient than she used to be; she even knew how to subtly jab at him.
Faced with his intense demand, Stella lowered her gaze. "When I mentioned blind dates in the past, you didn't seem to care."
Caleb thought back to those days. The gap between their statuses had been a chasm. What right did he have to stop her?
"I was an idiot back then," he admitted. "My pride was too huge. I didn't want people saying I was leeching off you."
After Mrs. Waverly had subjected him to every form of humiliation imaginable, his confidence in their relationship had been shattered. He hadn't dared to cross that line.
Hearing him be so bluntly honest, Stella stared at him in a daze.
She never expected him to actually answer that.
Caleb met her gaze. "Now, I've got thicker skin. I also realize that the things Mrs. Waverly said back then were just a tactic to control you better. If you're with me, they won't have any leverage over you anymore."
Hearing his words made Stella feel a sudden wave of grievance.
She scoffed. "What's the point of figuring it out now? That's all in the past. I'm not the same Stella I used to be."
"You definitely aren't. You've definitely filled out right here."
He leaned down and kissed her. Even through the fabric, Stella could feel the blistering heat of his lips.
She flushed wildly. "Put me down."
"No. You haven't answered my question. Are you still going?"
Still going on the blind date?
Hearing him press the issue again, Stella knew this man was demanding a commitment.
If it had been the old days, she would have happily agreed; after all, he was the man she had always loved.
But now? Janice's voice echoed in her head.
She couldn't just let a man dictate her choices.
Stella still remembered the time she
threw herself at Caleb, literally
sleeping with him, only for her confession to be rejected
her to retreat in humiliation. 
He needed to taste a little of the misery she had endured.
Caleb narrowed his eyes. "You're hesitating?"
Stella finally found the courage to look him in the eye. "Why shouldn' after you
1?
I did love you before, but
rejected me figured it out 
Caleb's heart dropped. "Figured what out?"
"As long as you swap out the new lovers fast enough, there's no heartbreak, only
romance."
The words barely left her mouth
before she was tossed onto the
mattress. Before she could react, his
towering frame pinned her down trapping her completely. 
Seeing Caleb visibly furious finally brought a spike of satisfaction to Stella's chest.
She turned her head slightly. "But if you behave nicely, maybe I'll promise not to go on that date."
Caleb was speechless.
He stared intensely at her, sitting up just enough to pull his shirt over his head with
one hand, revealing a heavily muscled, powerful chest.
Stella instantly zeroed in on his chiseled eight-pack and the V-line dipping tantalizingly below his waistband.
Just one look had her heart hammering against her ribs.
###Chapter 914
She was suddenly hit with the memory of their very first time. Even though she had been a bundle of nerves, she remembered precisely how prominent he was
everywhere.
Stella tried to bolt, but he grabbed her ankle and dragged her right back.
Caleb dipped down to kiss her. "Too late to run now."
He had been plotting this revenge ever since they were sparring at Iron Haven Fitness.
Stella tried to argue, but every word she had was shattered by his relentless drive, reducing her to breathless, broken gasps.
His body was like a roaring furnace, making it impossible for her to escape his grasp.
Right now, only one word echoed in her mind: Regret!
She never should have listened to Janice's terrible advice, and she absolutely shouldn't have doubted Caleb's stamina.
The next morning.
In the master bedroom.
Lemira woke up with a yawn, but the moment she stretched her arm out, she realized something was very wrong.
Her arm was completely bare, and it felt like she wasn't wearing a single piece of clothing.
Slow realization washing over her, Lemira turned over and came face to face with the strikingly handsome man lying beside her, his arm draped possessively over her waist.
The heat rushed to her cheeks. She had completely blanked out on what happened after they got back to the apartment last night.
But because she was always so comfortable around Orion, her guard had been entirely down.
"You're awake?"
Orion opened his eyes and gently pinched her cheek. "Do you remember what you did last night?"
Lemira met his dark, profound gaze, racking her brain to recall the previous evening's events.
She drew a total blank.
At that exact moment, the hand on her waist casually slid upward.
Lemira quickly pinned his hand down. "Nice try. Shouldn't I be the one asking what
happened last night? Why am I completely n***?"
"Because you threw up all over yourself. And me."
Orion's utterly calm tone left Lemira with absolutely no room to argue.
She lowered her eyes. "Okay, fine."
"Does your head still hurt?"
"No, I'm okay."
Orion pulled her closer, and Lemira ended up sprawling right on top of him. Panic flared in her chest-she was completely bare.
Orion was only wearing a pair of boxer briefs. No shirt.
The position was highly intimate, and wildly dangerous.
Lemira tried to slide off, but his hands clamped down on her hips, locking her in place.
Without a word, Orion leaned up and captured her lips. The kiss was gentle yet devastatingly deep.
Still half-asleep, Lemira couldn't
keep up. By the time he finally pulled
back, she was completely drained of energy, securely locked in his
embrace. 
She took the opportunity to shove at his chest, and after a brief, playful struggle, she finally burst into laughter.
Orion gave her a meaningful look. "There are people outside."
Lemira clamped a hand over her mouth, whispering, "Stella and Caleb are back?"
"Yeah."
"When did they get in?"
"Last night. Probably before we did."
Remembering how they had acted last night, a wave of embarrassment washed over her. "Why didn't you tell me?"
"Relax. They're going to be way more embarrassed than us. When we got back, the living room was totally empty."
Lemira's eyes went wide, the gossip instantly taking over. "Did things escalate that fast for them?"
"Stella went back to the Waverlies last night. Probably had to deal with something." Orion had people keeping an eye on the Waverly family, so naturally, he knew exactly what Stella was dealing with.
Thinking for a moment, Lemira swatted away Orion's roaming hands. Flushing deeply, she scrambled up
I'm getting wel
bed." 
If she stayed under the covers, things would only get more awkward.
Orion watched her retreating back with a lazy, satisfied look, making no move to get
up.
After Lemira got dressed and walked out, she noticed the guest bedroom door was wide open, and the living room was empty.
Did they leave?
Orion finally strolled out, wearing his sleepwear. "They probably felt too awkward and bolted early."
Most likely, Stella couldn't handle the embarrassment.
Lemira cleared her throat awkwardly and glared at him. "Do you think everyone is as thick-skinned as you?"
"If I were really thick-skinned, I would've taken you bare last night."
He hadn't touched her only because he didn't want her to wake up feeling awful.
Orion closed the distance between them, his dark sleepwear hanging loosely against his frame. He asked with dangerous intent Do you have morning classes? fo FindNovel.net
###Chapter 915
Hearing his question, if it hadn't been for the predatory gleam in his eye, she would have honestly thought he was just checking her schedule.
For once, she was quick on the uptake. "Yes, I have class."
After saying that, she practically fled to the kitchen for a glass of water, suddenly feeling parched.
As Lemira stood by the fridge, a broad chest pressed against her back, and a pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist.
Lemira nearly choked on her water.
She finished her sip and spun around, eyeing Orion defensively. "Did you want some water too?"
Orion didn't say a word. He simply dipped his head and took a sip straight from the glass in her hands.
Lemira looked up at him. He was undeniably striking, his jawline sharp and devastating in the morning light.
Even the slow, deliberate way he drank was incredibly captivating.
When he stopped, a single drop of water clung to his bottom lip. He just stood there, staring at her.
Lemira felt an irresistible urge to wipe it away, but before she could, he leaned down and claimed her lips.
The kiss was blistering and intense. He lifted her effortlessly, setting her down gently onto the kitchen counter.
Lemira's heart fluttered wildly as she reached up, looping her arms around his neck. She loved him; she didn't want to reject his touch.
Her proactive response was like throwing gasoline on the fire in Orion's eyes.
He broke the kiss, his breathing ragged.
His dark eyes were bright, filled with a smoldering heat.
The usually aloof, untouchable man looked like a desperate teenager in front of her,
a silent question burning in his gaze.
Lemira felt a rush of shyness and looked down, avoiding his eyes.
Orion pressed a kiss to the curve of her neck. "Can we?"
Blushing furiously, Lemira pulled her hands back. "Never mind."
Orion let out a low, rough laugh, trailing kisses down her throat. How could he possibly stop now?
He had no intention of stopping.
Lemira's fingers dug into his shoulders. She glanced nervously around the kitchen; faintly, the sound of a car horn echoed from the street outside, but the apartment was dead silent.
She knew she was never going to be able to look at this kitchen the same way again.
But suddenly, Orion froze, a look of profound frustration crossing his features.
Lemira looked at him in surprise, her own breathing chaotic.
"I don't have any," Orion muttered darkly.
He hadn't bought protection.
Mostly because he hadn't expected her to actually say yes.
l.ne
That brought Lemira crashing back to reality. Doing this without protection wasn't an option. She
was absolutely not ready fora
Surprise pregnancy. 
Orion let out a heavy sigh and pulled her tightly against his chest. "I'm putting this on your tab for next time."
Lemira, her face still crimson, didn't say a word. She just leaned quietly into his embrace.
Feeling the sheer heat radiating off his body, her cheek pressed flush against his chest, she suddenly remembered his abs.
Unable to resist, she reached down and poked a finger against the hard muscle. She heard a sharp intake of breath by her ear.
Orion nipped lightly at her earlobe. "Stop moving."
"Can't I just feel your abs?" she whispered defensively.
"Not right now. If you do, I'm going to lose control."
Hearing that, Lemira obediently pulled her hand back. They still had things to do today anyway.
They held each other in the quiet kitchen for a while longer.
Eventually Orion carried her back
into the master bedroom. Lemira et
hopped out of his arms and dashed straight for the bathroom. 
Orion rubbed his temples, making a mental note to buy a box immediately so they
wouldn't be derailed next time.
After all their lingering, it was already noon.
Orion drove her out to Bistrova for lunch.
As soon as Lemira checked her
phone, she saw the massive news coverage of the Maple Group
launch Naturally, the Langstons net
humiliating spectacle was heavily featured, contrasting sharply with the overwhelming praise for Maple Group's tech. 
She smiled. The Langston family must be regretting every life choice right about
now.
She recounted the news reports to Orion.
Keeping his eyes on the road, Orion asked casually, "When do you plan on calling the cops?"
Lemira paused. "Tomorrow, probably. I need to iron out the details with the Langstons later."
If the Langstons hadn't still possessed a tiny shred of usefulness, she wouldn't have
bothered interacting with them at all.
Orion's grip on the steering wheel tightened. He knew this day was coming.
After they finished lunch, Orion drove her straight to campus.
###Chapter 916
He sat alone in the car for a long time, lost in thought, before finally dialing a number. "Mom, how has your health been lately?"
"It's a miracle you even remember you have a mother," Mrs. Amanda's tone was loaded with meaning.
Orion replied, "I know you don't believe what I told you, but I have a way to make you see the truth. I'll show you exactly what's going on shortly."
Mrs. Amanda fell silent for a moment. "Alright. I thought you had forgotten about this."
"You weren't feeling well the past few days. I was worried the shock would affect your health."
Hearing this, Mrs. Amanda sighed softly. "Then I'll wait for your news."
After hanging up, a pang of sadness hit her. She was just a stepmother, after all.
So many people had reminded her of that fact over the years.
But her stepson, Orion, was incredibly capable, and she was fiercely proud of him.
Even when they argued over the Sinclair family, Orion had never publicly disrespected her.
He was the undisputed heir to the Everhart empire. If he decided not to give his stepmother any respect, there was absolutely nothing she could do about it.
That was why she had agreed to let Orion prove his claims, wanting to see if the Sinclairs had genuinely been deceiving her all these years!
Just then, Mrs. Amelia walked over with a container of food. "Time to eat."
"I'm being discharged today. You didn't have to go through the trouble of bringing me food. We have staff at home for that," Mrs. Amanda said, gently taking Amelia's hand. Ever since her husband passed away, her best friend had been her rock.
She deeply cherished their bond.
Caught between her son's suspicions and her best friend's devotion, Mrs. Amanda felt utterly torn.
Amelia's eyes reddened. "You're the most important person to me. Of course, I'm going to take care of you."
"But I heard the Sinclair family is dealing with some major headaches right now. Shouldn't you be busy with that?"
Amelia looked down, quickly masking her emotions. "It's just business. Sophia has been stepping up lately. Under her leadership, the Sinclairs will definitely reach new heights."
"Sophia is a wonderful girl."
"She really is. I always say a man needs a capable wife by his side. A trophy wife who can't ft a finger. Odo a family any good the long run." 
Amanda easily caught the underlying hint in her friend's words. "I'm sure you'll find Sophia the perfect match."
"You know perfectly well who Sophia has her heart set on, but alas, it's out of my hands."
Amelia left the implication hanging.
Amanda offered a polite smile. "But when it comes to Orion, I truly have no say. Things aren't like they used to be."
Disappointment flared in Amelia's chest.
She had assumed that playing the devoted nurse lately would soften Amanda enough to push for a marriage between Sophia and Orion.
Apparently, it still wasn't enough.
Amanda looked at her friend. "Is there anything you need my help with?"
"There is, actually... but I feel terrible asking you."
"What is it? Do you need an investment?"
Amelia shook her head. "It's not
about money.
It's about that car
crash from years ago. Lemira and
the Langstons are planning to go to the police and reopen the
love to
investigation. When that happens, the Sinclair family will inevitably be dragged into it. It'll completely ruin us." 
Amanda wasn't surprised in the slightest.
She stated plainly, "You never should have done something so illegal in the first place."
"I know I was wrong! But Lemira
won't let it go like a rabid dog. And I didn't mean for it to happen-it was
all that driver acting on his own!
Please as my dearest friend you have to help me 
"How exactly am I supposed to help you? That incident is the reason Orion still holds a grudge against me."
Amanda still carried immense regret over the fallout.
Desperate, Amelia began to sob. "If you don't help me, I have nowhere else to turn!"
"I'll tell you what. Turn yourself in to the police."
The fake tears vanished instantly, leaving Amelia's face entirely frozen. Turn herself
in?
Had she heard that correctly?
###Chapter 917
She had spent all this effort specifically to get the Everhart family to bail her out.
If she was willing to turn herself in, why would she be begging here in the first place?
Deep resentment toward Amanda boiled up inside Amelia.
After decades of friendship, she couldn't even ask for one tiny favor? Making this go away would be a walk in the park for the Everhart family!
Amanda held her friend's hand, asking gently, "Are you upset with me?"
Amelia lowered her head, her expression souring. "I don't want to turn myself in, and
I refuse to go to prison. I'd become the laughingstock of our entire circle. I can't live like that."
The humiliation would be worse than death.
"But the Langstons aren't going to settle with you. That makes things very complicated."
"I know. I tried talking to Lemira, but you saw it yourself that little b*** has absolutely zero mercy."
Amelia despised the Langston family to her core.
Back then, Lemira's parents had stubbornly fought the Sinclairs for a massive bid. It was only when they ended up dead that her family secured the contract, saving them from bankruptcy and granting them years of luxury.
But now that Lemira was grown, she was actually coming back for revenge, actively destroying the Sinclairs!
The Langstons were practically her natural enemies.
Amanda let out a sigh. "That's why turning yourself in is the best option. Let a judge decide. I believe you didn't intentionally order a hit on her parents, so the sentence shouldn't be too severe."
Amelia forced a bitter, trembling smile as tears streamed down her face.
But inside, her heart turned to ice. So, playing the sympathy card with Amanda was officially a dead end.
If her so-called best friend refused to save her, then she couldn't be blamed for what happened next.
No one was reliable. When the walls closed in, you could only depend on yourself. Amanda naturally noticed the shift in her friend's demeanor. She understood that a wealthy socialite who had lived in luxury for decades wouldn't want to rot in a cell. But if you committed a crime, how could you just run from the consequences? Amanda already felt enough guilt toward Lemira as it was.
Amelia wiped her tears. "I'll get going, then. Since there's nothing else you need me for."
Amanda nodded. "Go take care of your business. Call me if you need anything." Amelia squeezed out a tight, pained expression. "But you can't even help me with this."
Amanda pressed her lips together. It was true; she couldn't.
Disappointment flashed in Amelia's eyes as she turned on her heel and walked out. Amanda sighed heavily. What a complete mess.
Outside the hospital, Amelia marched furiously toward her car. The moment she was alone, her expression warped into a mask of pure malice.
Sophia Sinclair hurried over, her face lined with anxiety. "Mom, did Mrs. Amanda agree to help?"
"No. She loves sitting on her high horse. I played the devoted servant to her for years, and the one time I ask for a real favor, she turns me down flat."
Venom dripped from Amelia's voice. "If she hadn't played dirty, I would have been the one marrying into the Everhart family! She buttered up that brat Orion just to manipulate the Everhart patriarch into marrying her!" 
"Mom, now is not the time for ancient history. We need to figure out how to handle this. The Langstons are going to file a police- report any day now. Once it goes public, the Sinclair family will be financially ruined." 
After all the recent chaos, Sophia finally realized the Sinclairs were on the brink of
total collapse.
Amelia looked sharply at her
daughter That's exactly why you
need to lock down a powerful
busband If they throw their weight
behind us, the Sinclair family won't fall" 
Sophia fell silent.
Amelia scoffed. "And forget about Orion Everhart. He despises you, and the
Everhart family will never allow you to marry him."
A flash of sheer hatred crossed Sophia's face. "Why? How am I any worse than Lemira?"
"Darling, we just have terrible luck. I had the chance to join the Everhart family, and I lost it. Now you had the perfect shot, and some little s*** stole it from you."
Amelia was just as furious. "But don't worry. I won't let our family burn. I fixed our problems back then, and I'll do it again now."
Mother and daughter exchanged a dark look, both filled with desperate resolve.
Just then, one of Amelia's subordinates hurried over. "Ma'am, we've located Evelina Sterling."
###Chapter 918
Amelia's eyes widened in genuine surprise. "Are you serious?"
"Mom, this is incredible news! As long as we have Evelina hostage, we can force that driver to keep his mouth shut."
Amelia nodded, a sinister smile creeping onto her face. "God is clearly on our side. Come on, let's go pay Evelina a visit."
Sophia was thrilled. As long as the Sinclair family survived this crisis, she would still have a chance to destroy that b***, Lemira.
The two women drove straight to the location where Evelina was being held.
It was an abandoned warehouse. Sophia covered her nose in disgust. "Mom, is this really a safe place to keep her?"
"It's the safest place possible. This property belongs to the Sinclairs; no one will find her here."
As they walked further in, they found a woman bound hand and foot, a filthy rag stuffed in her mouth.
The blindfold was yanked off, and Evelina blinked against the harsh light, staring in horror at the Sinclair women.
Panic clawed at her throat. Why the hell had the Sinclairs kidnapped her?
Terror set in as she realized they definitely intended to use her as a pawn.
Amelia tutted condescendingly at Evelina. "If you cooperate with me and convince your father to take the fall entirely, I will personally guarantee you'll live in absolute luxury for the rest of your life."
Sophia sneered down at the captive girl. "The Langstons are just using you anyway. Once they squeeze you dry, do you really think they're going to keep treating you like family?"
Hearing that, Evelina lowered her gaze in bitter realization. Weren't the Sinclairs using her too?
There was literally zero difference between the Langstons and the Sinclairs.
Losing patience, Amelia snapped, "Have you thought it over? Because if you refuse, those deep industrial pits behind this warehouse are going to be your permanent address."
Evelina cast a terrified glance over her shoulder, a cold sweat breaking out across her back.
She absolutely did not want to die.
Evelina stared at Amelia. "Why do you need me to do this? Didn't my father act on his own when he killed Lemira's parents?"
Amelia let out a sharp laugh. "That's the lie we feed the public, obviously. Your father is holding onto proof of the deal we made. If you can either destroy that evidence or convince him to take all the blame, the Sinclair family will make it worth your while."
"Not only will we reward you," Sophia added smoothly, "but we'll also free you from the Langstons. You'll never berunder their control again.
Evelina narrowed her eyes at Amelia. "What does 'make it worth my while' actually
mean? I want concrete benefits, in writing."
Sophia gritted her teeth. "What do you want?"
"Money. Real estate works, too."
Evelina was wide awake now. After hiding out in that filthy nightclub, she had
learned exactly how vital cash was to survival.
Sophia looked at her like she was trash. "How much?"
"Not much. Millions of dollars."
Amelia gasped in outrage. "Millions of dollars?! Are you insane? Why don't you just go rob a bank!"
If she had millions in liquid cash lying around, would she be this desperate right now?
Evelina sneered, staring mockingly
at the older woman. "What's the
matter? Coughing up a few million is
a hell of a lot easier than taking the
fall for conspiracy to commit murder, isn't it?" 
Amelia's face twisted in ugly rage. "Do you honestly think a cheap piece of trash like you is worth that kind of money?"
"You're backed into a corner, aren't you? The Everharts refused to save your skin, didn't they? You have literally no one else to beg but me!"
Furious, Amelia lunged forward and grabbed Evelina by the throat. "I don't need lectures from a bottom-feeding s*** like you!"
"Yeah, you're a high-and-mighty
society wife, Evelina choked out,
"but you used
Mrs. Amanda as a
human shield! You planned to hide
behindthe Everhart name when the, truth came out, but guess what?
They left you out to dry!"
Amelia's face contorted into something demonic. "You little b***! Who told you that?
It was your father, wasn't it?!"
Aside from Evelina's father, no one else knew the intimate details of that
arrangement.
Evelina grinned through her pain. "Hit the nail on the head, didn't I?"
Amelia slapped her hard across the face. "So what if you know?! The Everhart family will never believe a word you say!"
"Oh, really?" Evelina said smugly. "I wouldn't be too sure about that."
At that exact moment, Orion Everhart stepped out of the shadows, his cold gaze locked on the Sinclair women.
###Chapter 919
The color completely drained from Sophia's face the second she saw Orion. She never imagined he would track them here.
She rushed forward in a panic. "W-what are you doing here?"
Sophia's mind was racing frantically, trying to figure out exactly how much of that conversation Orion had just heard.
If he knew her mother had deliberately placed him in that doomed car just to manipulate the Everharts, the Sinclair family was entirely finished.
Orion's eyes were terrifyingly hollow. He bypassed Sophia entirely and stopped right in front of Amelia.
Amelia stumbled back two steps, guilt written all over her face. She stammered, "W- why are you here?"
"Are you disappointed to see me?" Orion asked, his voice dead flat.
"Don't be ridiculous, why would I be disappointed? I'm just a little surprised. How did you know we'd be here? Have you been having us followed?"
Amelia forced herself to meet his stare. "I found Evelina first. Even if you know about this, I'm asking you not to tell the Langstons, and especially not Lemira."
A cold, mocking smirk played on Orion's lips. "What makes you think I'd ever stoop to covering for you?"
"Because you're tied to this mess too! If Lemira finds out the truth, do you honestly think you two can stay together? She'd never forgive you you're technically one of the reasons her parents are dead!"
Beside them, Evelina's eyes practically bulged out of her skull.
No wonder the Everhart heir was treating Lemira like absolute royalty. It was all connected to that old car crash.
Orion was only showering Lemira with affection out of sheer, overwhelming guilt. Orion's expression instantly darkened as he shot a lethal glare at Evelina.
Evelina immediately dropped her head, pretending she hadn't heard a single word.
A second later, Orion ordered coldly, "Take Evelina out of here."
"No! You can't take her, Orion! We caught her first!"
Sophia threw herself in front of Evelina, knowing exactly how crucial this hostage was for their family's survival.
Mockery flashed in Orion's eyes. "Do you genuinely believe you can stop me?"
Complete despair shattered Sophia's composure. "Are you really going to slaughter the Sinclair family? After all the history our families share, do you have absolutely no mercy left?"
"Your idea of 'history' is a joke. We both know exactly what you were after-you only saw the Everhart family's power and wealth If we had been nobodies would you have ever given us a second glance? 
Orion had always seen the Sinclairs for exactly the parasites they were.
A flash of guilt crossed Sophia's eyes. "That's a ridiculous hypothetical! Our families
are of equal social standing, aren't they?"
"Equal standing? Do you seriously
think the Sinclairs belong in the same sentence as the Everharts? If we hadn't been propping you up all these years, your family would have ceased to exist." 
Every word out of his mouth dripped with lethal venom.
All the blood rushed from Sophia's face, her knees buckling beneath her.
"Is that... is that really how you see us?"
"If I don't spell it out for you, your family seems incapable of grasping reality."
For years, Orion had known what the Sinclairs were. If he used polite euphemisms,
they either didn't get it, or they aggressively pretended they didn't.
He had absolutely zero patience left for their games. Tearing away the polite veneer was the only way to force them to look in the mirror.
Seeing her daughter utterly
humiliated, Amelia erupted. "Orion Everhart! Have you lost your mind? practically helped raise you! I never asked you to break the law for me all I'm asking is for you to pretend you didn't see Evelina here! Can you not even grant me that?!" 
A harsh, humorless laugh escaped Orion. Of course the Sinclairs would make a demand like that.
"Do you honestly think Evelina ended up in this warehouse by accident?"
The realization hit Amelia like a freight train. "You... you set this up?"
Utter terror warped her features. During her confrontation with Evelina, she had actively bragged about the truth behind the car crash, blatantly admitting to using Orion as a pawn.
Without missing a beat, Orion's men dragged a thrashing Evelina out of the warehouse.
###Chapter 920
Desperate, Amelia lunged forward, pleading frantically. "Orion, everything I said just now was a lie! I was just baiting Evelina to see what she knew. I never intended to use you back then!"
"You're pitching this to the wrong audience. Save your excuses for my mother."
Seeing the absolute ice in his eyes, Amelia let out a manic, relieved laugh. "Do you honestly think your mother is going to believe you? She won't. She's only going to believe her best friend."
The panic inside her began to subside.
Right. Orion's word against hers was nothing to be terrified of.
Orion stared at her like he was looking at a corpse. "It's a shame my mother just watched every single word you said."
Did she really think he didn't know how the Sinclairs operated?
He had obviously ensured his mother witnessed the entire confession with her own eyes. Otherwise, she never would have accepted the truth.
The color drained from Amelia's face. She whipped her head around in a frenzy. "Is she here?! You know her heart can't handle stress-how could you bring her to a filthy place like this?!"
"Drop the fake concern. She's not here. There's a hidden camera live-streaming everything that just happened. She watched the whole performance from the comfort of her living room."
The words hit Amelia like a physical blow, and she collapsed hard onto the concrete floor.
"Are you trying to destroy me?!" she shrieked in despair.
"If you're so ashamed of what you did, you shouldn't have done it in the first place.' "It's not the same! You know exactly how close your mother and I are! You did this deliberately to ruin our friendship!"
Amelia couldn't fathom that Orion would actually pull a stunt like this.
"
Orion's face turned to stone. "I have tolerated your parasitic family for years. The only reason I haven't wiped you off the map is out of respect for my mother. Did you honestly believe you survived this long because of your own brilliance?"
Hearing that, a toxic bitterness exploded inside Amelia. "Do you think your mother is some kind of saint?! I was the one who was supposed to marry your father! I was supposed to be your stepmother! But she played dirty-she manipulated you to get close to him, and he only married her because of you!
If she hadn't stolen my life, do you think I'd be groveling in the dirt like this?!"
Amelia actually deluded herself into thinking that if she had just secured the Everhart patriarch, she wouldn't have had to suffer a single hardship.
She couldn't even stand the thought of her own useless husband.
Sophia rushed over and hauled her mother up. "Mom, stop! You're talking crazy!"
That was all ancient history.
"Why should be afraid?!" Amelia screamed. "I've choked down my pride for decades! Why should I keep
suffering?! Why do I have to keep I bowing down to the Everharts like a dog? Even if I don't have
accomplishments, have scars! And how do they treat me? Like
garbage!" 
She glared venomously at Orion. "And you're no different! Take away the Everhart money, and what right do you have to look down on us?!"
Orion looked at the Sinclair women, his eyes heavy with absolute revulsion and exhaustion.
He hadn't expected Amelia to still be harboring that pathological delusion after all these years.
"You're wrong," he said, his voice
dropping to a lethal whisper. "I don't
down
look down on you because of your status. I look down on you because you're repulsive, selfish hypocrites** 
Without another word, he turned his back on them and walked out into the night. His ive was complete; he was entirely done wasting breath on the Sinclairs.
Panic-stricken, Sophia turned to her mother. "What do we do now?! Without Mrs. Amanda's backing, every single contract we had lined up is going to be shredded!"
The adrenaline crash finally hit Amelia, leaving her trembling with sheer, overwhelming dread.
"How the hell should I know?! We walked right into a trap! He orchestrated this whole thing!"
"Mom, you have to go to the Everhart estate right now and explain you two have decades, history she can't just throw that. away! She's soft-hearted! If you get down on your knees and beg for mercy, I know she'll forgive you!" 
"Why should I have to get on my knees and beg her?!"
Amelia's pride flared up, twisted with intense, bitter resentment.
"I've suffered under her shadow for decades! I'm completely sick of it!"
"But Mom! She's the only lifeline we have left! You just have to swallow your pride one more time! If you go to prison, it's over. We lose absolutely everything!"
Tears streaming down her face, Amelia frantically wiped them away. "You're right. Get the car. We're going to the Everhart estate right now."
###Chapter 921
Orion got into his car, his expression freezing over. He dialed Amanda's number immediately. The line connected, but it was met with dead silence.
After a heavy pause, Orion broke the quiet. "Don't ever fall for the Sinclair family's sweet talk again."
Amanda covered her mouth, her muffled sobs breaking through. She had just heard her best friend's vicious words with her own ears, and it had struck her like a bolt of lightning. Never in her wildest dreams could she have imagined that Amelia was actually using her.
Orion waited a moment before speaking. "You should get some rest. I'm hanging up."
He immediately dialed Matthew's number. "Where are you?"
"Out at a karaoke bar with some buddies."
"Come home. Now." Orion's voice carried a tone of absolute command.
Matthew sounded a little reluctant. "What's the rush?"
"You'll see when you get back. Do not let anyone from the Sinclair family near Mom."
At the mention of the Sinclairs, Matthew's tone sharpened. "I'm heading back right now, but you have to tell me what's going on."
"Just get back first. We'll talk later."
Orion ended the call. Matthew didn't dare dawdle and rushed straight home.
Watching the Sinclair family's car drive away, Orion could easily guess who Amelia was going to see next. The truth was often brutal, but he knew his stepmother had a soft heart. With Matthew around, things would be kept under control. Only then did Orion let out a breath of relief.
As for Evelina's situation, a headache began to pulse at his temples. What was he supposed to do? Lemira was going to find out soon.
He stared out into the night sky, the darkness mirroring the somber depths of his gaze.
After Amanda hung up the phone, she looked as though she had suffered a devastating blow. Having been calculated against and betrayed by her best friend, she finally realized she had never truly known Amelia at all.
Why would she scheme against her? Amanda's chest tightened as if pierced by a blade.
Before long, the butler approached. "Ma'am, Mrs. Amelia is here."
"I'm not seeing her."
The butler looked a little surprised by the refusal. After all, nobody had ever stopped Amelia from walking right in before. He looked conflicted. "I apologize, Ma'am. I assumed it was business as usual, so I didn't have her stopped at the gate. I'm afraid she's already on her way up." 
"It's not your fault," Amanda said with a bitter smile. Yes, they used to be so close. She had treated her best friend like a sister, holding her dear to her heart. She hadn't expected her closest confidante to turto a toxic snake ready to throw her to the wolves. For years, Amanda had been plagued by guilt over the tragic accident that had struck the Langston family. 
Soon, Amelia rushed into the grand hall. The moment she saw Amanda, she burst into tears. "I only said those things to trick Evelina into confessing! You have to believe me!"
Amanda stared at her best friend of decades, her own eyes red and swollen. Her heart was torn in two, completely lost on how to face the woman she had trusted for so long.
Amelia cried for what felt like ages, but when Amanda remained silent, her heart sank. Amelia looked up. "Do you hate me now? Back then, I really didn't plan on using Orion. It was just a coincidence."
"So you just played along?" Amanda's voice trembled. "Did you ever think about what would happen if Orion got hurt?"
Amelia hesitated. "I regretted it afterward. Besides, Orion is just your stepson. Don't you have a biological son of your own?"
Amanda stared at her in sheer disbelief. "How could you say that?"
"I know it sounds bad, but it's the
truth! If Orion was gone, your son would inherit everything in the Everhart family. Wouldn't that be a good thing for you? Since Orion ended up fine, you probably thought about how convenient it would be if he had gotten into an accident,
right?" 
FindNovel.net
"I did not!"
Amanda forcefully shoved Amelia away. "Do you think everyone is as vicious as you?"
###Chapter 922
"You call me vicious? And how high and mighty do you think you are? If you hadn't deliberately kissed up to Orion, how could you have possibly married into the Everhart family? I was the one who was supposed to marry Arthur, not you!"
The words rushed out of Amelia's mouth in a fit of rage. She instantly felt a pang of regret, but seeing the agonizing shock on her best friend's face gave her a twisted sense of satisfaction. She had waited for this day for so long.
Amanda's face drained of color. "Is that... is that really what you think of me?"
"How else should I see it? How was I inferior to you back then? Mrs. Eileen had her eyes on me! You were just the sidekick accompanying me to the blind date, but instead, you stabbed me in the back."
Amanda was utterly appalled. "I didn't even go near them! I bumped into Orion being bullied in the back garden, so I stepped in to help."
"And who asked you to show off? Because of that, Orion took a liking to you, and you ended up marrying Arthur!"
Every time Amelia looked at her own family's dwindling finances and her husband's uselessness, a fiery hatred for Amanda burned in her chest. If her best friend hadn't stolen her perfect match, she would have been the one living as a pampered wealthy wife.
Hearing all of this, Amanda's heart finally turned completely cold. She looked at Amelia steadily. "Arthur Everhart pursued me. I didn't shamelessly throw myself at a divorced man just for his money."
The Everhart family was wealthy, but her own background was nothing to scoff at. She never had to marry for financial gain.
Amelia scoffed, her face twisting with mockery. "Stop acting like a victim when you got everything you wanted. I can't stand looking at you right now. If you were in my shoes, you'd be doing much worse."
"If I were you, I would never have married that Sinclair man. He has nothing to offer but sweet talk."
"Since I couldn't marry the man I actually loved, is it so wrong to marry a man who was completely devoted to me?"
Amelia truly believed she had made the right choice.
Sitting on the sofa, Amanda stared at her best friend. "Right. In your eyes, everything you do is justified, and everyone else is always wrong. If you hate me so much, why did you stay friends with me for all these years? It must have been so agonizing for you."
Amanda's eyes brimmed with heavy sarcasm.
Amelia finally realized the gravity of her words and felt a surge of panic. She said hastily, "That's all in the past."
"But clearly, you haven't moved on at all. You were just glaring at me with so much resentment."
Seeing Amanda's icy demeanor, Amelia stepped forward and grabbed her arm. "You know me. I've always been too blunt."
Amanda shook her hand off. "Then
I'll be
help
too. If you expect me to
you clean up this mess with the
Langston family, it's absolutely pe
impossible. Give up."Content" 
Amelia's expression shifted drastically. "I know you won't help, and I don't blame you. After all, you've already done so much for the Sinclair family."
ет
"And the business partnerships I secured for the Sinclairs? Consider them canceled. Since you despise me and look down on me sough you surely don't need my charity." 
Amanda's eyes were hollow with disappointment.
Panic finally set in for Amelia. "You can't cancel those contracts! The Sinclair family will be ruined!"
Amanda stood up. "Leave. The butler will see you out."
"Do you have to be so heartless? Your son's tied up in this too, and you helped cover it up back then! When the time comes, you'll be
sentenced right alongside me. You'll berotting in a cell with me! 
Upon hearing those words, Amanda was so overwhelmed by rage and despair that
she collapsed to the floor, unconscious.
Looking down at the fainted woman, Amelia's eyes gleamed with malicious irony. *You forced my hand.*
How wonderful that she fainted. She was sick again. That meant her opportunity had finally arrived.
###Chapter 923
That night, many people were destined to suffer from insomnia.
In the university dorm room, Lemira, Stella, and Janice huddled together in the dark, whispering secrets.
Janice smiled at the other two. "You guys are unbelievable. Lemira and Orion have been together for so long, yet you still haven't crossed that final line. Meanwhile, Stella hasn't even made things official, but she's already slept with Caleb."
Stella's face flushed hot, and she stayed silent.
Lemira glanced at Janice. "Orion and I really haven't been together that long."
"Oh, stop pretending. You two have known each other forever. More than friends, but not quite lovers-such a romantic sweet spot."
Lemira's cheeks burned. "Honestly, I don't even know how to handle things between us."
After all, the Everhart family was entirely against their relationship. Lemira had witnessed Mrs. Eileen's fierce opposition firsthand. That elderly woman lying in a hospital bed had pleaded with her, and how could she bear to refuse? Yet, after everything they had been through, she couldn't simply let go, leaving her no choice but to maintain her secret relationship with Orion.
Janice continued, "You two were pretty bold, though, talking about a guy's stamina right in front of him. I bet you both got thoroughly punished for that."
Lemira and Stella both turned bright red.
The three girls chatted late into the night until they finally drifted off to sleep.
The next morning, Lemira woke up early. She had an incredibly important task to handle today.
Since Evelina was out of critical danger, it was time to head to the police station and file an official report to reopen the investigation into her parents' fatal car crash.
Stella opened her eyes and looked at Lemira. "Do you want me to come with you?"
"No need. I can go by myself. If you come, the Waverlies might send paparazzi to stir up trouble, and that wouldn't be good for your reputation."
"I don't care about my reputation."
Lemira gently squeezed Stella's hand. "I know, but you've already helped me so much. I have to handle the rest on my own. Just keep an eye on the public relations side for
me, The Sinclairs definitely won't go
down without a fight."
"Understood. If anything pops up, I'll let you know immediately. We're going to make
the Sinclair family pay for this."
Lemira nodded firmly. "Exactly."
Between her past life and this one, the Sinclair family had been getting away with murder for far too long.
After freshening up, Lemira texted Orion, but she didn't get a reply. Did something go wrong?
A moment later, Orion called her. "Something came up on my end, so I'll be running late. I've already arranged for Evelina's father to turn himself in at the station."
"Is everything okay?"
"My mother fell ill and is in the hospital."
Lemira couldn't read much from his tone, but this was Amanda's second hospitalization. She thought for a moment before asking, "Is Mrs. Amanda going to be alright?"
She suddenly remembered that the elderly Mrs. Everhart hadn't been doing well
either. If Amanda was sick too, Orion had to be under a lot of stress.
"She's fine physically. She just suffered a severe emotional shock."
"Is it because of us?"
Lemira knew that Amanda strongly opposed their relationship. "Don't overthink it. It has nothing to do with you."
Orion hadn't expected her to blame herself. Wanting to ease her wordes, he explained, 's about the Sinclair
22-
family. They came to her asking for help, and when she refused, the confrontation made her collapse." 
Lemira fell silent. So that was why. She knew that Amanda and Ametia had been best friends for decades, stat made perfect sense that Amelia would run to the Everharts for a bailout. 
Lemira thought for a moment before saying, "But Mrs. Amanda always believed Amelia and took their side. Being caught in the middle must be putting you in a terrible position."
###Chapter 924
"Silly girl, why are you worrying so much? My mother was constantly deceived by the Sinclairs. Seeing their true colors was just too much for her to process all at once, which is why she collapsed. It has nothing to do with you."
Despite his reassurance, a heavy knot remained in Lemira's chest.
"Don't stress over this. I'm going to have Hale escorted to the police station as planned. Debby will pick you up shortly, and you two can head over first."
"Okay, I understand. Stay at the hospital and take care of Mrs. Amanda. I can handle things on my end."
After ending the call, Lemira didn't waste any time and headed out.
On the other end of the line, Orion's heart weighed heavy. The day of reckoning had finally arrived.
Just then, Amelia walked up to Orion, her eyes rimmed with red. "I really don't know why your mother got so worked up and fainted. You should have the doctors run a full check-up. I'm worried there might be some underlying cause."
Orion's expression was glacial. "This is Everhart family business. Leave immediately."
Amelia looked a bit embarrassed. "Your mother and I just had a little spat. With our decades of friendship, we'll patch things up in no time. Disagreements aside, I still care deeply about her health."
Orion was thoroughly disgusted by her sheer audacity.
He looked at her with pure revulsion. "If you cared about her health, you wouldn't have used her, nor would you have shown up last night to corner her. If you hadn't, she never would have been pushed to the edge like this."
Matthew stormed over, glaring furiously at Amelia. "You toxic woman! You've been using my mom for as long as I can remember! Are you even fit to call yourself her best friend? You're not worthy! Get the hell out!"
Truthfully, Matthew had been suppressing his hatred for the Sinclair family for years. Unfortunately, his mother had always adored them. As the men of the family, he and his brother couldn't easily interfere in women's social circles.
But who could have guessed Amelia was this vile, manipulating his mother time and time again!
Matthew's blunt words shattered what little pride Amelia had left.
Amelia snapped, "Given how close I am to your mother, I won't lower myself to bicker with children."
Orion stared her down. "You should
be worrying about yourself right now. The police are going to be knocking on your door soon to. reopen the investigation into the fatal car crash. Instead of wasting. time trying to sow discord here, you should figure out how to afford a top-tier lawyer so you can shave a few days off your prison sentence." 
Amelia was absolutely stunned.
Her face drained of color as her
voice hit a shrill pitch. "Aren't youet
OL
Everharts terrified of karma? family is neck-deep in what happened back then!"
Matthew was outraged. "What the hell are you talking about? Your family committed
murder! What does that have to do with my brother?"
"Oh, so you don't know? Your precious brother was in the very same car that killed Lemira's parents! Tell me, is he innocent?"
Matthew's face fell. His older brother was in that car?
His mind began connecting the chaotic events of the past few days, and he finally understood why his mother had been pushed to the point of collapse.
But Matthew quickly recovered.
"Even if my brother was in the back seat, so what? He wasn't the one driving Your Sinclair family driver was behind the wheel! 
"But if your mother hadn't told him to hurry up, do you think he would have run that
red light? Orion is just as guilty!"
Amelia had completely dropped her facade.
She was determined to drag the Everhart family down with her.
Matthew was utterly shell-shocked. Was there truly a hidden truth behind the crash?
###Chapter 925
Orion's expression remained dangerously stoic. "You really need to start worrying about yourself, Mrs. Amelia."
"Haha! If I go to prison, don't think you and your mother will walk free. You were all involved. Let's not forget the Everhart family made a fortune off that renewable energy project."
Amelia smiled with triumphant malice. She had laid down multiple contingency plans years ago.
If the Everharts thought they could wash their hands of this, they were sorely mistaken.
Matthew was absolutely livid, his face flushing crimson with rage. "Bullshit! My mom and my brother would never stoop to your level!"
"Your mother is just a stepmother. If your brother died, the entire Everhart empire would fall into your lap. Are you seriously telling me she wouldn't scheme for your benefit?"
"Shut up."
Orion leveled a predatory glare at Amelia. "Are cheap tricks and manipulation the only tactics you know?"
Amelia shrank back slightly under Orion's terrifying gaze. "I'm just saying, if I'm going down, we're all going down together. Your mother will be rotting in a cell too."
With that final threat, Amelia stormed off.
She desperately needed to formulate a plan.
Watching her leave, Orion's face was a mask of icy fury. "I deeply regret not forcing Mom to cut ties with the Sinclairs sooner."
"It's not your fault, Orion. But you have to believe Mom! She would never do something like that."
Matthew's biggest fear was that his brother might actually believe Amelia's venomous words.
The dynamic between a stepmother and a stepson was notoriously fragile, especially when billions in inheritance were on the line.
Orion patted Matthew's shoulder. "I know the Sinclair family's true nature better than you do. Cheap manipulation is all they have left."
Matthew's eyes immediately welled with tears, and he pulled Orion into a tight hug. "You're my brother. My real brother."
Being young, Matthew hadn't overthought the situation, but his brother's unwavering trust moved him deeply.
Orion shoved him away with a look of mild disgust. "You're an adult. Stop crying like a toddler."
"No! I won't! You're my brother!"
Matthew sniffled, looking entirely pitiful with his red-rimmed eyes.
Orion's face turned serious. "You are to stay by Mom's side during this time. Do not
let anyone from the Sinclair family near her."
"Understood. I won't let you down."
Orion nodded, but his mind instantly drifted to Lemira.
The usually composed man suddenly felt his calm shattering.
Matthew asked cautiously. "Orion, what about you and Lemira? Does she know?"
"She doesn't. But she's going to find out today."
Orion's hand gripped the windowsill, his knuckles turning stark white from the pressure.
Matthew offered, "Once she knows the truth, she definitely won't blame you."
Orion remained silent, offering no response.
Seeing the sheer devastation on his brother's face, Matthew didn't dare say another word. He ground his teetin fury "This is all the Sinclairs' fault." .
FindNovel.net
A suffocating wave of despair washed over Orion. He knew perfectly well about the business partnership with the Sinclairs back then.
But how was anyone supposed to know the Sinclairs were harboring murderous intentions?
Now, if Lemira found out, the Everhart family would be branded as undeniable accomplices, and there would be no way to explain it away.
The sliver of hope Orion had been desperately clinging to had just been crushed to dust by Amelia's own hands.
Once Lemira learned the truth, she would never forgive him.
She would see him as nothing but an accomplice.
The mere thought of it made Orion's knees buckle.
"Orion! What's wrong?"
Matthew panicked as Orion collapsed to the floor. To Matthew, it felt as though the sky was falling.
His older brother had always been his invincible pillar of strength. Never before had he worried about a thing.
But now, pure panic seized Matthew's chest.
Meanwhile, Lemira had arrived at the police station.
Debby walked closely beside her. "Ms. Langston, Hale just turned himself in. The lawyers are already inside. You don't have to worry about a thing." 
"I know exactly what to say."
Lemira took a deep breath as she stepped out of the car. She had waited for this day for far too long.
To prepare for the Sinclair family's inevitable counterattacks, she had rigorously rehearsed every possible scenario.
As she exited the vehicle, she spotted the Langstons.
It seemed they had arrived much earlier than she had.
When they locked eyes, the air thickened with tension.
During the Maple Group's product launch yesterday, Lemira and her brothers had viciously schemed against each other over the new tech line.
Naturally, Lemira had emerged victorious.
Asher stared at her with a highly complex expression. He had never imagined that the sister he had constantly dismissed would be the ane to unearth the truth behind them parents' murder. 
###Chapter 926
Lemira looked at the Langstons, her expression perfectly calm. "Did you bring Evelina?"
Lucian was the first to answer. "She's here. In a few days, Alaric, Caspian, and Rowan are all coming back too."
The truth behind their parents' death was a monumental shift for the Langston family.
Every single one of them had to be present for the fallout.
When Lemira heard Rowan's name, she paused for a brief second. In her past life, being cast aside and despised by her brothers had broken her, but now, it held absolutely no power over her.
Lemira gave no visible reaction. "I hope you all can think clearly when the time comes. Don't go soft just because Evelina sheds a few tears."
Lucian looked slightly embarrassed. "We won't. We're never falling for her lies again."
Asher frowned, clearly annoyed. "Do you really think we're that stupid?"
Evander's expression darkened even further. "I'll keep a close eye on her. She won't pull any more stunts."
Lucian offered an eager, almost placating tone. "Lemmy, right now, we're all on the same side. No one wants to see the Sinclairs pay for this more than we do!"
"I wouldn't be so sure," Lemira shot back, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "If the Sinclair family offered the Langston Group a massive sum of money to bail you out of your financial crisis, I'm sure certain people would be very tempted."
Asher knew the jab was aimed directly at him. He snapped, "What the hell is that supposed to mean, Lemira?"
"Exactly what I said."
Having zero interest in arguing with them, Lemira turned on her heel and walked away.
Lucian grabbed Asher's arm to stop him. "Enough. We're not here to fight. We need
to stay united and ensure the Sinclairs pay the price."
Asher gritted his teeth. "For Mom and Dad's sake, I'll let her attitude slide."
The Langstons walked into the station.
Inside, Evelina finally came face-to-face with her father, Hale. But before they could
even exchange a word, they were separated for questioning.
Desperate to save her own skin, Evelina played dumb, claiming she knew
absolutely nothing.
During his questioning, Hale learned of Evelina's pregnancy and immediately deduced the child belonged to a Langston.
He sighed heavily. What a cursed twist of fate.
True to their original agreement, Hale confessed everything, throwing the entire Sinclair family under the bus.
Since the Sinclairs were completely incapable of saving his daughter, he had no reason to take the fall atone He certainly wasn't going to rot in a cell to protect them. 
Word of the confession reached the Sinclair family in record time.
Hale and his accomplices had turned themselves in, directly naming Amelia as the mastermind.
The police initiated the standard procedure to bring Amelia in for questioning, only to be informed that she had fallen ill and was hospitalized.
Lemira knew instantly that a woman
as vain as Amelia would never subject herself to a public perp walk. She was terrified of the paparazzi ruining the Sinclair family's pri?tine image. 
The police would have to question her at the hospital.
Lucian walked over to Lemira. "Lemmy, I'm sure Amelia won't be able to hide for
much longer. Do you really have enough evidence to put her behind bars?"
Lemira eyed him with intense suspicion. "Of course. The evidence has already been submitted to the authorities."
She had no intention of sharing her leverage with the Langstons.
At that moment, Evelina walked out of the interrogation room, looking thoroughly miserable.
Asher immediately confronted her. "You didn't say anything stupid, did you?" "No, I told them exactly what you told me to say."
Evelina rested a hand on her growing stomach, feeling utterly resentful. If she wasn't entirely dependent on their charity, she never would have cooperated.
If only the Sinclair family had actually given her that millions of dollars. Lucian looked at Evelina coldly. "Since we're all here, you need to give Lemmy a sincere apology. You've done terrible things to her."
Evelina's eyes went wide with outrage. "Me? Apologize? Why the hell should I?"
"Because the Langstons raised you, and because you've caused nothing but destruction. Do you honestly think you don't owe her an apology?"
Lucian's tone was severe.
Evelina shot a desperate glance at Evander, but the useless man kept his head down, refusing to say a word.
Furious, Evelina snapped, "I'm not apologizing to her! You're only taking her side because she managed to hook herself to the Everhart family But guess what? The Everharts are guilty too! They were involved in the crash!" 
Lemira froze, her blood turning to ice.
What?
###Chapter 927
Lemira felt entirely detached from reality.
The accusation was utterly absurd.
How could the Everhart family possibly be tied to the crash?
It was impossible.
She knew exactly what kind of people Amanda and Orion were. They were nothing like the Sinclairs.
Lemira locked eyes with Evelina, her voice frigid. "Classic Evelina. Always trying to sow discord. Do you honestly expect me to believe a word that comes out of your mouth?"
Evelina sounded exactly like Sophia Sinclair. Both women despised her relationship with Orion and were desperate to cause a catastrophic misunderstanding between them.
Lemira had already fallen for Sophia's trap once; she absolutely refused to let it happen a second time.
Evelina let out a sharp laugh. "Wow, you really trust Orion, don't you? Or maybe you're just terrified that if you admit the truth, you'll lose your golden ticket to the Everhart empire."
Lucian stepped in front of Evelina. "What the hell are you talking about? Shut your mouth!"
Lucian grabbed her arm, intending to drag her out of the station before she could spill any more poison.
But Lemira chased after them. "Stop right there! What do you mean the Everhart family was involved? The Sinclairs orchestrated everything, didn't they?"
It was Amelia who wanted to eliminate her parents to win the renewable energy contract.
She was the one who used underhanded tactics to stop them from reaching the bidding site.
Evelina sneered. "Sure they did. But let's not forget Amelia and Amanda are best friends. The Everhart family invested heavily in that very same project. Do you really think they had clean hands?"
Lemira shot back, her face devoid of emotion. "Just because they invested doesn't mean they orchestrated a murder."
The Everharts weren't desperate for cash like the Sinclairs. They had no motive.
"Did you know Orion was in the car that killed your parents?"
It felt as if a hammer had slammed directly into Lemira's skull, and an agonizing pain ripped through her mind.
The rest of Evelina's words blurred into a high-pitched ringing.
Orion was in that car?
A hysterical laugh bubbled in Lemira's chest. It was ridiculous. How could that be true?
Seeing Lemira's deathly pale face, Evelina felt a rush of vindictive euphoria. Finally, this arrogant b*** was getting what she deserved.
Evelina smiled. "Lemira, didn't you ever find it strange? Why would the heir to the Everhart empire randomly show up in your life and treat you so well? He only approached you because of his guilt. He needed to know if you had any evidence linking his family to the crash!" 
Lemira swayed on her feet, the ground dropping out from under her.
Debby rushed forward to catch her, her own heart pounding with anxiety. She had known the truth for a while but had never found the courage to say it.
After all, this was something Orion had to confess himself.
But to have the bombshell dropped by someone as malicious as Evelina was a disaster.
Lucian glared at Evelina furiously. "Stop spouting nonsense! How would you even know that?"
None of the Langstons knew this.
Everyone knew there had been passengers in the back seat of the killer's car, but the investigation had hit a dead end, with all fingers pointing strictly at the Sinclairs. 
If the passenger wasn't a Sinclair, but actually Orion Everhart, everything suddenly made terrifying sense.
That was why they had never found the mystery passenger-they had been looking in the wrong direction.
Evelina smirked triumphantly. "I found out last night. Orion took me to see the Sinclairs. Bet you didn't see that coming!"
Lucian was stunned. "I thought he took you to see Lemmy?"
Evelina let out a cold laugh. "Nope. And he explicitly warned me not to tell anyone."
Staring at Lemira, Evelina was practically glowing with joy.
Even though Orion hadn't explained
a single thing to her, all that
mattered was maximizing Lemira's suffering. She had to be in more
pain than Evelina. 
fo FindNovel.net
Why should Lemira get a billionaire boyfriend and a perfect life? Evelina was just as
good as her in every way.
###Chapter 928
Evelina's eyes practically dripped with venom. "Lemira, Orion never told you about this, did he?"
A violent shudder racked Lemira's body. She truly had no idea that Orion had taken Evelina away the night before.
That man had kept her entirely in the dark.
In that moment, she had no idea what was real or who to believe anymore.
Lemira looked at Evelina. "Why did he take you to see the Sinclairs?"
She remembered Orion mentioning that Amanda had been hospitalized. Did he do something last night?
Evelina scoffed. "To confront Amelia, obviously! He threatened her to keep her mouth shut about the Everhart family's involvement, or else he'd destroy them."
Lemira lowered her gaze as the horrifying realization set in. Was Amanda truly involved?
After all, Orion had been in high school back then; he couldn't have had any stake in a corporate bidding war.
The only logical mastermind was Amanda.
A bitter, self-deprecating smile touched Lemira's lips. Orion had never once mentioned being in the back seat of that car. Had he planned on erasing all evidence connecting his family to the crash from the very beginning?
Evelina's smile widened into a grotesque sneer. "Think about it, Lemira. Isn't it obvious? He's been using you this entire time, and today, your usefulness has officially expired."
Lemira dug her fingernails into her palms, but the physical sting was nothing compared to the suffocating agony in her chest.
"You're lying," Debby interrupted fiercely. "Mr. Everhart is not that kind of person."
"Then why isn't he here right now? Because Lemira is useless to him now! The Sinclairs already agreed not to expose the Everharts last night, so why would he bother showing up?"
Evelina's smile turned razor-sharp. "Lemira, Orion never loved you. He used you to cover up his mother's crimes."
Lemira looked absolutely broken. With every word, Evelina ruthlessly shredded her last remaining shreds of hope.
It all made sense. Why would a man like Orion ever work as a low-level high school doctor?
Why had he treated her with such overwhelming kindness from the very start?
If Orion had been in that car, all the puzzle pieces snapped violently into place.
That man had known exactly who she was. His motives for approaching her had been tainted from day one.
Lemira didn't even know how to react.
She wanted to pretend she was fine, but her face betrayed her utter devastation. Lemira turned to Lucian. "Did Orion really take Evelina away last night?"
Lucian nodded. "Yes. I assumed you knew. I didn't realize he did it behind your back and kept it a secret."
Hearing the confirmation, a heavy numbness spread through Lemira's chest.
Standing nearby, Asher glared at Evelina. "Then why didn't you say anything last night?"
Evelina raised an eyebrow. "Orion ordered me not to breathe a word of it to you, especially not to Lemira."
"If you were ordered to stay quiet, why are you blabbing now?"
Evelina's lips curled into a wicked smile. "Because I just couldn't bear to see Lemira kept in the dark. I'm doing a good deed. I'm doing this for her own good."
Lucian was livid. "You just want to see her suffer! You're jealous that she has someone as powerful as OrionTM backing her Isnt having Evander wrapped around your finger enough for you?" 
Evander frowned, a deep sense of revulsion washing over him. The woman standing in front of him was entirely unrecognizable from the girl he had once loved. He had truly been blind to fall for her pathetic act. 
Evelina clicked her tongue. "Man, telling the truth really makes you the villain these days. The Everhart
family is guilty. Do you minet
think you can take them down? You're better off pretending you don't know anything. It's safer for all
of you." 
FindNovel.net
Lemira lifted her head, her eyes burning with unshed tears and pure fury. "No. Blood
for blood."
###Chapter 929
In Lemira's heart, her parents' murder demanded absolute justice.
It didn't matter who was involved. It didn't matter what their reasons were.
As she forced those words past her lips, she felt her soul shatter into a million jagged pieces.
Never in her darkest nightmares had she imagined a day where she would have to aim a blade at Orion.
Seeing her overwhelming grief, Lucian felt a sharp pang of sympathy. "Lemmy, we don't have all the facts yet. You don't need to put yourself through this."
Asher let out a cold scoff. "The facts are perfectly clear, and for once, Evelina is right. I always thought it was weird that Orion decided to slum it as a high school doctor. The minute Lemira finished her college entrance exams, he vanished back to Orvin. The whole thing screams conspiracy."
Lucian sighed heavily. "But I don't think his feelings for Lemmy were entirely faked."
Even if Orion had approached her with ulterior motives, his devotion hadn't felt like
an act.
Evelina let out a mocking snort. "If he didn't put on a good show, how would he get Lemira to fall hopelessly in love with him? He needed her so blindingly in love that she'd go soft on his mother when the truth came out!"
"That's enough, Evelina! Shut your mouth!"
Lucian roared, furious that she was pouring salt directly into Lemira's open wounds.
Evelina was unrepentant. "Even if I don't say it, does that make it less true? If I hadn't opened my mouth, you'd all still be playing the fool right now."
She had woven a web of lies, her story growing more outlandish by the second.
But it didn't matter. Lemira and Orion were officially ruined, and Lemira was far too proud to ever go begging Orion for the truth.
They were completely finished.
The mere thought brought Evelina immense satisfaction.
Asher shoved Evelina toward Evander. "Keep your woman on a leash. Don't let her run her mouth."
Evander grabbed Evelina's arm, shooting her a dark look of warning.
He was only able to stand on his own two feet because of the prosthetic Lemira had designed for him The reality was that Lemira' engineering was leagues ahead of anything the Langston Grouphad ever produced. 
Every time he strapped the prosthetic on, he was haunted by memories of how well Lemira used to treat him, and the crushing weight of his guilt only grew.
He realized now that Evelina's constant manipulation had been the sole reason he had alienated his own sister.
Evander looked at Lemira, his eyes filled with complex emotions. "If the Everhart family abandons you, you can always come back to the Langstons. This will always be your home." 
FindNovel.net
Evelina's jaw dropped in sheer horror. "Evander, are you out of your mind?"
Evander used to despise Lemira more than anyone!
Now he was personally inviting her back into the family? Had the world turned upside down?
Evander shot her a venomous glare. "You're the one out of your mind. Lemira is my biological sister. Why shouldn't she come home?"
Evelina clutched her chest, feeling like she might actually explode. How could he say that?
Lucian nodded approvingly. "I'm glad you finally see it that way, Evander. No matter how bad things get between us siblings, we are family."
Evelina's face twisted into a mocking sneer. Yes, they were bound by blood. She would always be the outsider.
If she had accepted that reality earlier and cut ties with the Langstons, maybe her life wouldn't be such a trainwreck.
Asher walked straight up to Lemira. "I told you from the very beginning that Orion was wrong for you. We come from entirely different worlds. Now that you've seen the Everhart family's true colors, you need to cut ties with him immediately. 
Lemira's face was completely devoid of emotion. "That is my business."
"Lemira, if you come back and rejoin the Langston Group now, we can keep the new tech project moving forward. Don't you want to see your own family succeed?"
###Chapter 930
At Asher's words, a hollow, mocking laugh escaped Lemira's lips.
No matter how much the world changed, the Langstons would always be exactly the
same.
Lucian quickly stepped in front of Asher. "What the hell is wrong with you? Why are you bringing that up right now?"
Asher fired back, "I'm doing this for her own good! Since we know Orion was just using her, why shouldn't she use him right back?"
Lemira leveled a dead-eyed stare at the Langstons. "I don't need your interference in my life. You better keep Evelina on a very tight leash, or the Sinclair family will take care of her for you."
A jolt of fear shot through Evelina. "What can they possibly do to me? I already told the cops everything. Coming after me won't change anything."
"Do you honestly think the Sinclairs are that forgiving? They will absolutely retaliate. When you fall into their hands, how exactly do you think your story ends?"
Lemira's icy stare sent a violent shudder down Evelina's spine. It was true. The Sinclairs were famously vindictive, and she had no protection left.
Pure terror gripped her throat, and she shrank behind Evander, thoroughly silenced.
Lemira took a slow step toward Evelina. "Tell me the truth. When Orion took you to see the Sinclairs last night, what exactly was said?"
"I-I already told you everything," Evelina stammered, her eyes darting nervously.
Lemira stared her down. "You're lying."
Evander shoved Evelina forward. "Tell the truth. The Langston family is the only protection you have left. If I catch you lying, I will throw you out onto the street myself."
Evelina was genuinely terrified. If the Sinclairs came for her, she had zero means to defend herself.
She reluctantly confessed, "Mr. Everhart did it for his mother. He wanted Amanda to see Amelia's true colors because Amelia was planning to drag both families down."
She carefully withheld the rest of the truth.
She had no intention of admitting that Amelia was the one exclusively manipulating Amanda. If she said that, Lemira and Orion might actually reconcile.
She would take that secret to her grave.
Lemira's eyes narrowed with deep suspicion. "Is that really all?"
"Yes, that's it! Amelia has been leeching off Amanda for years, and Orion has always despised her."
To make her story foolproof, Evelina peppered in some undeniable facts.
Lemira knew the internal dynamics
well. She knew Orion detested
Amelia's behavior, but because Amelia was Amanda's best friend, he had always held his tongue. 
No wonder Amanda had collapsed and been hospitalized; she must have been entirely blindsided.
It all made sense now.
Without another word, Lemira turned and walked away. Lucian chased after her "Lemmy, where are you going? Come home with us 'll be safer." 
"No."
Lemira's rejection was absolute.
She climbed into her car, not giving the Langstons a single backward glance.
In the passenger seat, Debby spoke
up tentatively. "Ms. Langston, Mr. Everhart isn't the villain they're
making him out to be Please don't take Evelina's words as gospel There has to be a massive misunderstanding." 
Lemira wiped fiercely at her eyes, looking at Debby. "You knew about this, didn't you?"
Debby's gaze dropped to her lap, her silence a damning confirmation.
Lemira let out a broken, bitter laugh. What else was there to understand? "How long have you known?"
"For a while now. But I swear, Ms. Langston, Mr. Everhart didn't approach you to cover up his family's crimes. That's absolutely not true."
Lemira's lips twisted in an agonizing smile. "If it wasn't that, then what was it?"
She couldn't think of a single other reason.
She glanced down at her phone, pulling up her chat with Orion.
She needed to hear the truth from his own mouth.
###Chapter 931
Lemira Langston stared at the open chat window for a long time, ultimately typing nothing.
Orion had said he was at the hospital. Since he still hadn't come over, she wondered if Mrs. Amanda's condition had worsened.
Her mind was a chaotic mess, impossible to calm down.
Right now, she just wanted to be alone.
Debby watched her from the sidelines, anxious but entirely unsure of what to say. When it came to matters of the heart, an outsider's words only tangled things further.
The only person who could clear the air now was Mr. Everhart himself.
But he hadn't shown up, leaving everyone in agonizing suspense.
When the car pulled up to her apartment building, Lemira stepped out and walked away alone.
She didn't want to go back to the dorms; she just needed isolation.
Upon entering her apartment, she headed to the kitchen for a glass of water. The memories of what they had shared in this very space flooded her mind, instantly plunging her mood into a suffocating darkness.
The man's tender touches were still vividly etched into her skin.
The sweeter the memory, the more excruciating the pain.
Retreating to her bedroom, Lemira's gaze fell on his sleepwear. She took a deep breath, gathered the fabric, and shoved it deep into the back of her closet.
She collapsed onto the mattress, her thoughts spiraling out of control.
Closing her eyes offered no escape. Evelina's venomous words echoed relentlessly in her head.
Orion had approached her with an ulterior motive from the very beginning.
He had never actually loved her.
He was just using her feelings to clear Mrs. Amanda of any guilt.
It felt as though she had been trapped in a grotesque nightmare, one where Orion looked her in the eye and confessed to it all.
In that nightmare, he even had the audacity to set terms, demanding she drop all charges against his mother.
She remembered weeping uncontrollably in the dream, clinging to his hand and begging, *Did you ever even love me?*
But Orion had simply stared at her, silent and unyielding. He didn't say a single word.
Heartbreak and despair had consumed her.
When Lemira finally jolted awake, her face was soaked with real tears.
She lay there in the pitch-black room, her head spinning with a heavy, disorienting fog.
Her body ached with a deep exhaustion. She must have caught a severe chill from sleeping without a blanket.
Dragging herself to the bedroom window, she felt the crisp draft seeping through the glass. Summer was gone.
Autumn had arrived.
Lemira shut the window and wrapped herself tightly in a thick throw blanket before checking her phone.
Several missed calls and unread messages lit up the screen.
Her heart skipped a beat. *Was it Orion?*
She unlocked the screen, only to find that every notification was from Stella Waverly, frantically asking where she was.
Not a single call from Orion. Not a single text.
A bitter smile touched Lemira's lips So, it was true. Now that he had finished
using her, he was sime
to discard her and yarish
going to
She typed a quick reply to Stella: *I'm at the apartment. I won't be coming back tonight.*
Stella's call came through almost
instantly, her voice laced with
Porry.
at the police static
"What's wrong? Did
"No, everything went fine."
Lemira's voice sounded undeniably raspy, and Stella immediately caught on. "What
exactly happened? I'm coming over right now."
"Don't bother, I've just got a bit of a cold."
Lemira didn't want to add to her friend's burdens. The Waverlies were already dealing with an absolute mess right now.
With zero energy for small talk, Lemira offered a brief excuse and ended the call.
She stared blankly at the dark screen. Was Orion really not going to explain himself?
He had known perfectly well that
Thet
Evelina would spill the secret. He had deliberately used Evelina's
th to reveal the devastating truth! 
FindNovel.net
And now, he didn't even have the courage to face her.
Was it guilt, or was he just a coward?
The more Lemira thought about it, the more the anger flared in her chest. *You bastard, Orion.*
She sank back into the pillows, her limbs heavy as lead. She had no desire to get up, and absolutely no appetite.
But Stella, unable to shake her unease, made the trip to the apartment anyway.
Spotting Lemira's shoes in the entryway, she knew her friend was still here.
Stella glanced back at Caleb Sterling. "She probably hasn't eaten a thing. Go make something."
Caleb's sharp eyes narrowed slightly. "I'll check the kitchen. We should still have some groceries left over from before."
###Chapter 932
Something simple for the three of them would be fine.
Stella hadn't expected him to agree so readily. Shoving her surprise aside, she hurried straight to the master bedroom, her mind entirely focused on Lemira.
The moment she walked in, she saw Lemira's flushed, feverish face.
She pressed a cool hand to Lemira's forehead. "Lemira, you're burning up. We need to get you to the hospital."
"No hospitals."
Lemira was fiercely opposed to the idea. Orion was at the hospital, and she absolutely refused to run into him.
Stella knew this couldn't be ignored.
She hurried back out to the living room and started tearing through the cabinets for the medical kit.
Hearing the commotion, Caleb stepped out of the kitchen, a spatula still in hand. "What are you looking for?"
"Lemira has a high fever. I'm trying to find the first-aid kit to see if there are any fever reducers."
Caleb set the spatula down, easily located the medical kit for her, and followed her into the master bedroom.
He took one look at Lemira's flushed complexion, stepped forward, and pressed two fingers expertly against her wrist to check her pulse, then evaluated her breathing. He stepped back. "A strong fever reducer and some rest should stabilize her." Stella stared at him in astonishment. "You know how to read vital signs like that?" Caleb calmly extracted the medication from the kit. "Picked up some field medic skills. When you're running mercenary ops in the middle of nowhere, you can't exactly call for an ambulance. You learn to patch yourself up. Even out in the wilderness, you figure out what keeps you alive."
Stella fell silent. Right. His time as a mercenary overseas must have been brutally dangerous and exhaus ng.
She didn't press the matter, gently coaxing Lemira to sit up and swallow the pills.
Stella let out a heavy sigh. "I don't know why, but I have this terrible sinking feeling in my chest."
Lemira's behavior was completely out of character. Something monumental must have happened.
Caleb paused. "Let's wait until she wakes up to talk about it. Food comes first." "I don't have an appetite."
"I made porridge. The rest of the food will be ready soon. We'll wake her up to eat when it's done."
Caleb's tone carried an authoritative weight that left no room for argument.
Stella didn't fight him on it. Since he was the one cooking, she knew she couldn't manage Lemira's care entirely on her own anyway.
As Caleb walked out of the bedroom, he sensed something was deeply off, but he pushed the thought aside and returned to the stove.
He knew Orion's personality better than anyone.
Whatever mess had occurred, Orion was the only one who could step up and fix it.
It was a simple, unspoken rule between men.
After the medication kicked in,
Lemira slept for a long stretch. When she finally groggily opened her eyes she sensed someone sitting nearby. 
For a split second, her heart leaped, thinking it was Orion. Then her vision cleared, revealing Stella.
Lemira offered a weak, bitter smile. "What are you doing here?"
"I was worried sick, obviously. If I hadn't come over, you could have passed out and
no one would have known."
Stella crossed her arms, a hint of scolding in her tone. "Are you hungry? Eat something. Caleb actually cooks really well."
At the mention of food, Lemira realized her stomach was completely empty. She hadn't eaten a real meal all day.
But the thought of Orion made her want to avoid Caleb entirely.
She shifted against the pillows. "I'll just have some porridge in here."
Stella nodded and headed out to prepare a bowl for her.
Seeing Stella emerge alone, Caleb grabbed a tray, efficiently dished out a bowl of
hot porridge, and added a side of light vegetables.
When Stella reached for the tray, Caleb didn't hand it over.
She looked at him in surprise. "Give it to me."
Caleb's gaze darkened slightly as it swept over her clear, delicate features.
For some inexplicable reason, a
furious bush rushed to Stella's cheeks. She stepped forward, t to snatch the tray from his 
Caleb simply sidestepped her. "I'll take it in."
nds.
He moved with long, purposeful strides, entering the master bedroom and setting
the food down on the nightstand.
Seeing Caleb walk in, Lemira
suddenly remembered that Stella's making it
twas still recovering fellet
hard for her to carry heavy things. 
She murmured an apology. "Sorry, I forgot Stella's foot was still acting up."
"She doesn't mind."
Caleb set the tray down and took a few steps back to give her space.
Unable to hold it in any longer, Lemira looked up at him. "In your eyes, what kind of person is Orion Everhart?"
The question had been suffocating her.
###Chapter 933
The moment the words left Lemira's mouth, a wave of regret washed over her.
What was she expecting to hear? Asking Orion's closest friend was practically begging for a biased answer.
But Caleb actually paused, giving the question genuine thought. "I don't know what happened between the two of you, but for what it's worth, he's a good man."
Caleb was never one for unnecessary chatter. Having delivered his verdict, he noticed Lemira staring blankly down at her hands, lost in her own turbulent thoughts.
Without another word, Caleb turned and walked out of the bedroom.
Stella was standing just down the hall, looking slightly flustered. It was obvious she had been eavesdropping by the door.
As Caleb approached, the steady rhythm of his footsteps seemed to make Stella's breathing hitch.
Ever since their last charged encounter, Stella had practically barricaded herself in her dorm, avoiding the ground floor and, by extension, Caleb. If she hadn't been so terrified for Lemira today, she wouldn't have set foot outside the campus.
She just didn't want to face him. The tension between them was too thick.
Caleb walked right past her, rearranging the dishes on the dining table. He glanced up at her. "Come eat. Why are you just standing there?"
Stella walked over in silence. Because they were catering to a sick patient, Caleb had kept the meal incredibly mild and comforting.
She kept her eyes glued to her bowl, refusing to look at him.
Noticing her stubborn avoidance, the corner of Caleb's mouth twitched upward, but he didn't call her out on it.
Once she finished eating, the worry crept back onto her face. "What do you think is going on? Do you think this has something to do with Orion?"
Why else would Lemira have asked Caleb that specific question?
Caleb's tone remained perfectly even. "I don't know the details."
It was the truth. He had only recently returned to the country and had spent all his time shadowing Stella. He really wasn't in the loop regarding Orion's private affairs.
Seeing the sheer anxiety etched on Stella's face, he added, "It's probably just a misunderstanding."
"How can you be so sure? What if he did something unforgivable to Lemira?"
Caleb shot her a look of utter disbelief. "Is your brain physically capable of assuming anything else?"
"Then tell me what you think the reason is!"
"How should I know?"
Caleb wasn't lying; he truly was in the dark.
He gathered the empty bowls and carried them into the kitchen, easily falling into the rhythm of washing the dishes.
But Stella's curiosity was burning a hole in her brain. Caleb was acting far too calm. Did he know a secret he wasn't sharing?
After all, he and Orion had been best friends for years.
Stella followed him into the kitchen, chattering away. "Are you absolutely sure you don't know. Lemira specifically asked you about him, which means there has to bea reason." 
Caleb didn't respond, continuing to scrub the dishes and wipe down the counters.
The muscles in the man's forearms flexed with quiet power, his movements remarkably efficient.
Stella stared at his sharp profile and reached out, poking his bicep. "Say something."
Caleb ignored her entirely.
Frustrated Stella aimed lower and poked him right in the waist. In the next fraction of a second, a strong hand gripped her wrist spinning her around and pulling her flush against a rock-solid chest. 
Stella found herself trapped against the kitchen counter, the damp edge of the marble seeping into the back of her shirt.
She gasped, her eyes wide. "W-What are you doing?"
"Who told you to get handsy, hm?"
Caleb's voice was a low, rough murmur, his gaze burning into hers with predatory heat.
Intimidated by the sheer intensity in his eyes, she quickly dropped her gaze. "I just poked you. It's your fault for ignoring my questions."
"I gave you an answer."
"That wasn't a real answer!"
Stella glared up at him, but her eyes inadvertently locked onto his.
Before she could react, he dipped his head and captured her lips.
Panic flared in her chest, and she shoved at his shoulders. "What are you doing?" "Haven't you been hiding from me?"
Caleb wasn't blind to Stella's little evasion tactics over the past few days.
, 
Stella looked down, her cheeks blazing. "We're in a shared apartment, don't do this here.
is in the other room having a vemira
breakdown Let me go." 
###Chapter 934
Caleb didn't budge. "Go back to your room. I'll come find you when I'm done cleaning up."
With that, he finally released her.
Stella turned and practically sprinted back to her bedroom, her steps frantic and uncoordinated.
Pressing her back against the door, she threw the deadbolt without a second thought. There was no way she was letting him in.
Sitting on the edge of her bed, she tried to piece the puzzle together. Something was definitely wrong. She pulled out her phone and started messaging her contacts, trying to dig up any rumors about what was going down between the Everharts and the Sinclairs.
More importantly, where the hell was Orion? Why hadn't he shown his face at all today?
There was definitely a crisis, and she needed to figure it out.
Back when she had been held captive by the Waverlies, Lemira was the one who fought tooth and nail to rescue her. Now, it was her turn to step up.
As her mind raced, her ears remained hyper-focused on the sounds outside her door.
She heard his heavy footsteps leave the kitchen and approach her room. Her heart leaped into her throat.
But after a few agonizingly tense seconds, not a single sound came from the hallway.
When she finally heard his footsteps retreating, Stella let out a massive breath. *Hmph, he told me to wait in my room, so I'm just supposed to wait like a good girl?*
Feeling triumphant, Stella finally drifted off to sleep.
In the dead of the night, she suddenly felt an immense, suffocating weight pressing down on her, completely pinning her to the mattress.
Her eyes fluttered open, panic surging she realized someone was kissing her.
She instinctively brought her hands up to fight back, but her palms met a familiar, rock-solid chest. It was him!
Caleb caught her wrists, effortlessly holding them down as he murmured against her lips, "It's me."
"I know that."
Caleb let out a low chuckle. "How did you know?"
He couldn't resist dipping down to kiss her again, his voice thick and raspy. "Keep quiet, unless you want her to hear."
Stella's face burned with a fiery heat. "You're shameless."
"Just one kiss. I won't do anything else."
Caleb wasn't some unrestrained animal. He knew better than to push boundaries at a time like this.
He looked down at her in the dim light. "Didn't you want to know what's going on with the Everhart family? I'm heading out to check on it now."
At those words, all the fight left Stella's body.
She looked up at him with wide, eager eyes. "Really?"
"Yeah, I'm leaving right now. Don't go outside by yourself until I get back."
"Okay, then hurry up and go."
Stella was practically buzzing with impatience.
But Caleb didn't move. He lowered his voice, dropping it an octave. "Let me kiss you
a little longer."
"Shameless."
"Will you let me?"
Stella hesitated for a second, then squeezed her eyes shut. "Make it quick."
Caleb swooped down immediately.
He braced his weight above her, every muscle in his body pulled taut as wire. He had only planned for a brief kiss, but with her lying so beautifully submissive beneath him, the urge to devour her was nearly impossible to fight. 
Stella's face was flushed crimson as she wrapped her arms around his neck, clenching her teeth. *Why isn't he stopping?*
Eventually Caleb forced himself to
pull away. His hands brushed lightly against her shoulders as he adjusted the strap of her nightgown, smoothing the fabric back into place. 
He hadn't turned on the lights, navigating only by the faint silver moonlight filtering through the window.
Caleb pulled the covers up to tuck Stella in. He had to stop now, or he wouldn't be able to stop at all.
"Wait for me to get back," he commanded softly.
Stella yanked the blanket over her head, absolutely refusing to answer him. She turned on her side, her face scorching hot, her skin stilktingling, With the ghost of his touch. 
He was the absolute worst. So much for 'just one kiss.'
Caleb slipped out of the bedroom, did a quick sweep of the perimeter, and melted silently into the night.
The next morning, the first thing Stella did when she opened her eyes was check to see if Caleb had returned.
She found him in the kitchen, cooking breakfast.
The massive, intimidating man was wearing an apron. He looked like someone you'd never want to cross in a dark alley, yet somehow, his culinary skills were out of this world.
Stella hurried over. "What did you find out?"
Caleb looked down at her, a hint of a smirk on his lips. "Am I getting another kiss tonight?"
###Chapter 935
Stella's face flushed a brilliant shade of crimson.
She shot him an irritated glare. "How can you make jokes at a time like this?"
Caleb's gaze was laced with amusement. "The friendship between you girls is fascinating."
"Stop dodging the question. Be serious—did you actually go last night or not?"
"I went."
Caleb had no reason to lie about it. "Nothing catastrophic happened."
"Then why hasn't he come to see Lemira?"
"The kid's sick. He's laid up in a hospital bed."
Stella was genuinely stunned. "Are you serious? I thought Mrs. Amanda was the one who was sick?"
"Two separate things. The weather took a sharp turn, and a nasty flu is going around."
Caleb began setting the breakfast plates on the table. "Go wake your best friend so we can eat."
Stella spun on her heel and marched straight toward Lemira's room.
Watching her hurry off, Caleb thought back to the state he had found Orion in last night. A calculating look flickered in his dark eyes before he lowered his head and finished prepping the food.
Down the hall, Stella slipped into the master bedroom. "Lemira, are you feeling any better?"
"Much better."
Lemira was already awake. Thanks to the heavy dose of medication, the fever had broken, leaving her feeling significantly lighter.
She pushed herself into a sitting position. "Thank you both for taking care of me."
"Don't be ridiculous, of course we're going to take care of you. But Caleb is the one doing all the cooking, not me."
Stella watched her carefully before tentatively asking, "What exactly happened between you and Orion? Can you talk about it?"
The faint smile vanished from Lemira's lips instantly.
Stella immediately backpedaled. "If you don't want to talk about it, you don't have to. But I did have Caleb check on the Everhart situation last night. If you don't even want to hear his name, I'll drop it."
Lemira looked up, her gaze locking onto Stella. "What's the situation over there?"
Orion still hadn't reached out to her.
Stella hesitated for a second. "He's sick."
Lemira's eyes widened slightly in surprise. "Sick?"
That was his excuse?
Stella nodded. "That's what Caleb said. He probably caught the same flu you did."
A flash of bitter mockery crossed Lemira's eyes. "If it was just the flu, he would have had five seconds to send a text."
"That's true... He hasn't messaged you at all since yesterday?"
Lemira shook her head.
Stella knew there was something far deeper going on, otherwise Lemira wouldn't look so utterly devastated over a lack of communication.
But since Lemira was keeping her walls up, Stella didn't push.
"It's getting late," Stella said gently. "Get up and have something to eat. You need to take your next dose of medizine soon. The weather is completely unpredictable right now; it's easy to catch a cold."
After changing into fresh clothes, Lemira walked out to the dining area, feeling too
guilty to let them serve her in bed again.
Caleb remained silent, not even glancing in Lemira's direction.
That actually made Lemira feel more at ease. She sat down and quietly picked at her food.
Stella kept a watchful eye on her but didn't press the issue.
Once breakfast was over, Lemira looked at Stella. "I'm going to take the afternoon
off from classes. Don't worry about me."
"I'll bring you some takeout for dinner."
Stella was still anxious, but she understood that Lemira needed space to process whatever was destroying her.
Lemira looked over at Caleb. "Thank you both."
Caleb gave a curt nod, offering no verbal response.
Lemira retreated back into her bedroom.
Stella waited until Caleb finished cleaning up, and the two of them left the apartment together.
As they walked, Stella looked up at him Could you talk to Orion?, Tell him bermira is sick. Is he really not going to come check on her?" 
Caleb glanced down at her and stayed silent.
Stella grit her teeth, grabbed his shirt, and stood on her tiptoes to kiss him.
But the towering man barely leaned down, forcing her to clumsily kiss his jaw instead.
Stella's face flushed a violent red.
Caleb let out a
out a low rumbling laugh
and reached out to affectionately
ruffle her hair. "I'll ask him."
Stella immediately looked at the ground, refusing to say another word.
She remained stubbornly silent for the rest of the walk.
###Chapter 936
Caleb was in excellent spirits and decided not to tease her any further.
After walking Stella safely onto campus, his playful demeanor vanished. He pulled out his phone and dialed Thaddeus Draven.
Thaddeus picked up on the first ring. "Any updates on Lemira's end?"
"If someone is so damn concerned, why doesn't he go check on her himself?"
Thaddeus let out a heavy sigh. "You know how he is."
"She was burning up with a high fever all night, and she still hasn't shaken it. She's refusing to go to a hospital."
Thaddeus sounded immediately stressed. "Why won't she go? Is it still bad?"
"I don't know. She's dead set against it."
Thaddeus glanced at the man lying motionless in the hospital bed. The phone was on speaker, meaning Orion could hear every word.
Yet, Orion didn't even flinch.
Exasperated by his friend's stubbornness, Thaddeus barked into the phone, "Then do me a favor and drag her to the hospital."
"Not happening. She's his girl; he can handle it. Tell Orion the car is officially mine."
Caleb hung up without another word. Staring at his phone, he knew damn well a certain someone was going to lose their mind with worry.
On the other end, Thaddeus stared at his dead phone, grinding his teeth. "Did you hear that? Little Lemon is sick, and no one is taking care of her."
Orion finally opened his eyes, the whites completely bloodshot. "You go."
"I'm not going."
Thaddeus was furious. "Caleb is absolutely right. Your girl, your responsibility." "Aren't you two friends?"
"There are boundaries! If she's too sick to walk, am I supposed to carry her out of the apartment in my arms?"
Orion's brows knitted tightly together. "Take a female nurse with you."
"A nurse can't carry her either."
Thaddeus leveled a hard stare at him. "Are you planning to hide for the rest of your life? She was going to find out eventually."
Orion scrubbed a hand over his face, his eyes shadowed with absolute exhaustion.
His voice was a hollow rasp. "What else am I supposed to do?"
Even though Mrs. Amanda had been completely unaware of the sabotage, technically speaking, she was the one who had handled the cleanup for Mrs. Amelia's mess.
"Your mother won't blame you."
"But how is she supposed to survive prison in her condition? She needs to stay in this hospital and receive treatment."
Orion had never anticipated that his entire plan would implode at the most critical juncture.
Thaddeus sighed. "Do whatever you want. I've said my piece."
Left alone in the hospital room, Orion eventually pulled out his phone and dialed Lemira's number.
He stared at the screen for a agonizing second, then instantly canceled the call.
He buried his face in his hands, terrified of facing the music.
He had known Evelina would tell Lemira the truth, so he had been waiting for the fallout But now tha Lemira knew everything, he simply lacked the courage to look her in the eye: 
Across town, Lemira finally saw Orion's name flash on her screen.
She hesitated, warring with herself over whether to answer, but the call abruptly cut
off.
She stared at the notification—a call that had rung exactly three times and a cold,
mocking smile twisted her lips. *Was he feeling guilty?*
Or was it just an accidental dial?
?
Lemira opened their text thread, staring at the empty text box for what felt like hours, not knowing whatto type. Finally, she tossed the phone across the bed. 
She kept stealing glances at it. didn't come to explain himself in
out
person if he didn't rea
she swore to God she would ever
contact him again. fo FindNovel.net
Never.
On the other end of the silent connection, Orion stared at his phone, feeling as though time had slowed to a torturous crawl.
He kept replaying Caleb's words in his head. *Was she really that sick?*
Unable to stand it a second longer, Orion pushed himself out of the hospital bed, determined to head to her apartment.
Matthew Everhart intercepted him in the hallway, his eyes tight with concern. "Orion, your fever hasn't even broken yet. Where are you going?"
"I need to step out. Keep an eye on things here."
Seeing his cousin's grim expression, Matthew couldn't help but ask, "Are you going
to see Lemira?"
Hearing her name felt like a knife twisting in Orion's chest.
He was terrified she didn't want him anymore.
###Chapter 937
Orion covered his mouth, coughing violently into his fist before finally looking up. "Call me if anything happens. I'll be back soon."
He left the hospital ward. As for Lemira's situation, he didn't even have a plan.
Matthew watched him walk away. The man whose posture was normally so unshakeable and commanding now looked utterly broken.
Matthew rubbed his face in frustration. How had everything spiraled into such a disaster?
Orion's driver pulled up to the apartment building. Stepping out of the car, Orion looked up at the floor where Lemira lived. The windows were pitch black.
He pulled out his phone, his thumb hovering over her contact for a long time before he finally initiated the call.
Those few seconds of ringing felt like an eternity to Orion.
When the line actually connected, his heart leaped into his throat, hammering against his ribs.
Neither of them said a word. The only sound filtering through the speaker was the faint, rhythmic draw of each other's breathing.
Lemira gripped her phone tightly. She waited in the agonizing silence, but no explanation came from the other side.
A sharp sting burned behind her eyes, and she couldn't suppress a sudden, harsh cough.
Hearing the painful rasp in her chest, Orion's heart ached. "If you're sick, why won't you go to the hospital?"
Lemira covered her mouth, her voice a brittle whisper. "Will a hospital fix everything?"
*Will it fix the betrayal?*
Orion fell silent for a heartbeat. "I'll send someone to pick you up."
"I'm not going."
Her tone was laced with unyielding stubbornness. Was he really too much of a coward to even see her himself?
Orion rubbed his throbbing temples. "Be reasonable."
"Since when do you have the right to give me orders?"
Lemira's voice flared with raw fury. When he still refused to offer a single word of explanation, she furiously tapped the red button, ending the call.
She yanked the heavy blankets over her head. The phone began to vibrate again, but she ignored it entirely.
Staring at the 'Call Failed' screen, Orion let out a heavy, defeated sigh.
He turned to his secretary. "Have Dr. Thorne sent up."
Julian Reed hesitated. "Are you not going up yourself, sir?"
A hollow, self-deprecating look crossed Orion's face. How could he possibly face her now?
He didn't have the courage.
Receiving no response, Julian took the hint and led the Everhart family doctor toward the elevators.
Orion looked down at his phone and texted her: *Open the door.*
Inside, Lemira heard the notification ping. She waited a moment, morbidly curious to see what excuse he would offer.
She grabbed the phone, only to see a blunt, three-word command: *Open the door.* Was he actually here?
At that exact moment, the sound of movement came from the hallway. Lemira sat up. Didn't Orion already know the passcode to her door?
Throwing a thick cardigan over her pajamas, she walked over and pulled the door open-only to find a doctor and
Julian standing in the hall.
She remembered seeing Julian once before.
Julian spoke with careful politeness. "Ms. Langston, Mr. Everhart sent his private physician to evaluate you."
A cold, mocking smile touched Lemira's lips. "And where is he?"
Julian hesitated. "Mr. Everhart is tied up with some business."
*Right.* Lemira instantly went to slam the door.
Business? She wasn't stupid enough to swallow a lie like that.
Julian's panicked voice filtered through the closing gap. "Ms. Langston, please just
let the doctor check on you first!"
"I'm not dying."
Lemira snapped back before
dissolving into another harsh fitt
coughing She stormed back to her bedroom, so furious she felt
lightheaded. 
Realizing he wasn't getting in, Julian quickly dialed his boss. "Mr. Everhart, she
won't let us inside."
Orion exhaled slowly. "How did she look?"
"Not well, sir. Honestly, I think you need to come up here yourself."
Orion swallowed hard. "I'll give you the passcode."
"Sir, with all due respect, if Ms. Langston refuses to cooperate, forcing our way in won't help."
Julian knew exactly where the
bottleneck was. The moment Lemira had opened the door and seen him instead of Orion, a flicker of deep disappointment had crossed her eyes. She had tried to hide it but Julian hadn't missed it.
Sitting in the backseat of his car, Orion rolled down the window, staring up at the
dark sky.
After a moment of torturous hesitation, he called her again. The line went straight to voicemail. She was actively ignoring him.
###Chapter 938
Knowing how fiercely stubborn Lemira could be, Orion finally stepped out of the car and headed for the elevators. The walk from the lobby to her door, a path he had taken countless times, suddenly felt agonizingly long.
When he reached her floor, Dr. Thorne and Julian were standing awkwardly in the hallway.
Orion punched in the passcode. The deadbolt clicked open, and he stepped into the familiar apartment, making a direct line for the master bedroom.
He raised his hand to knock, hesitated for a fraction of a second, and pushed the
door open.
The curtains were drawn tightly shut, casting the room in heavy shadows.
A small lump was buried beneath the thick duvet; if he hadn't known she was there, he might have missed her completely.
Orion approached the bed, a heavy sense of helplessness settling over him. He had absolutely no idea what to say.
Lemira heard the heavy, rhythmic tread of his footsteps. She knew it was him.
But the footsteps stopped right at the edge of the mattress, followed by absolute silence.
Lemira's mind spun with bitter thoughts. *Is he just going to stand there until the end of time?* She stubbornly refused to move an inch, determined to see how long he was willing to play this waiting game.
Then, she heard the muffled, strained sound of him coughing into his fist.
Instinctively, a spike of worry hit her, but the memory of his betrayal slammed the door shut on her sympathy. She refused to let herself be that pathetic again.
The sound of his cough seemed to trigger her own chest, and she couldn't stop herself from breaking into a coughing fit as well.
The quiet bedroom echoed with the grim symphony of their sickness.
Unable to take it anymore, Lemira pushed herself upright, glaring at the man towering by the bed. "Get out!"
Orion sat down on the edge of the mattress, instinctively reaching out to check the temperature of her forehead.
Lemira smacked his hand away. "Don't touch me."
She turned her face to the wall, refusing to give him the satisfaction of looking at him.
Orion stared at her sharp, furious profile, his gaze heavy with longing. "Just let the doctor look at you," he murmured softly.
"I'm fine. I don't need a doctor. Leave. I don't want to look at you."
She didn't glance his way, but she knew she was hanging by a thread.
A flash of pure agony crossed Orion's eyes. His throat worked as he forced the
words out. "Once the doctor treats you, I'll go."
He stood up, intending to call Dr. Thorne into the room.
Lemira finally snapped her head around, glaring at his broad back. "Are you seriously not even going to attempt to explain yourself?"
She hated herself for breaking first. She hated that she couldn't keep her composure.
But she needed to hear it from him, so she could finally kill the last shred of hope.
Orion froze, His hands slowly curled
into tight fists by his sides. Finally
he turned his bread slightly. "L
the I
doctor treat you first. After that, I will
answer any question you have."
A bitter laugh ripped from her throat. "Even now, you're using leverage against me?"
Her voice was thick, cracking with unshed tears.
Orion turned around completely. Tears were spilling down her flushed cheeks like a broken string of pearls, shattering against the blankets.
It felt as though someone were carving out his heart with a rusted blade.
He took a step forward, desperate to wipe the tears away, but Lemira shrank back, violently rejecting his proximity.
Orion painfully lowered his hand. "If you're sick, how are you going to deal with the Sinclair family's backlash?"
Lemira dropped her gaze, her vision entirely blurred by tears.
Within moments, Dr. Thorne entered the room.
After taking her vitals, the doctor frowned slightly. "Your temperature has spiked again. Did you take any fever reducers last night?"
Lemira nodded weakly. "I felt much better this morning. But now I'm dizzy again."
"It's a rebound fever. If you want to knock this out quickly, we need to start an IV drip with medical-grade hydration and antipyretics."
"Then set it up."
Lemira wanted to recover as fast as possible. The war with the Sinclair family was only just beginning there was no telling what psychotic measures Amelia might resort to next. 
FindNovel.net
Lemira extended her arm. The doctor efficiently set up the IV line and secured the drip to a portable stand.
He left a few bottles of medication on the nightstand. "Take these three times a day. The fever should be completely gone by tomorrow."
Lemira nodded, offering no further conversation. She simply didn't have the energy to care.
The doctor and Julian quietly exited the apartment, leaving the bedroom suffocatingly silent.
Orion stepped back to her side. He
stared at her slender hand, the IV
line taped securely to her skin. That fragile hand currently held the absolute power to destroy his world. 
"What do you want to ask?" he rasped.
is
###Chapter 939
Hearing his voice, a look of profound mockery flashed in Lemira's eyes.
When she spoke, her tone was dripping with sarcastic venom, rough and broken.
"Was it fun, stringing me along for so long?"
Orion lowered his eyes, entirely unable to meet her gaze. His Adam's apple bobbed. "I never wanted to lie to you."
"But you did it anyway, didn't you?"
Lemira forced her chin up, her stare turning ice-cold. "You were in the Sinclairs' car that night. True or false?"
"True."
"Why didn't you tell me from the very beginning?"
She felt like an absolute idiot. When she had first started digging into the crash, Orion was the *only* person she confided in. He was the only one who knew every detail of her investigation.
And he had kept his mouth shut the entire time.
Orion's jaw tightened. "Because I was a coward. I felt too guilty to tell you the truth."
*Guilty?*
Lemira let out a hollow laugh. So, her instincts were right.
Having confirmed her worst fears, she locked eyes with him. "One last question. Did the Everhart family have a hand in the crash?"
"Yes. But my mother was completely unaware."
At those words, Lemira squeezed her eyes shut. Her chest heaved erratically, the only outward sign of the catastrophic heartbreak tearing her apart from the inside. After what felt like an eternity, she spoke again. "So... you taking that job as the university doctor. That was because of me?"
"Yes."
"You approached me to figure out how much I knew about the accident?"
Orion pressed his lips into a thin line. "I wanted to see how you were doing. I wanted to make amends."
The irony was suffocating. *Make amends.*
So every ounce of kindness, every protective gesture he had ever shown her, was rooted entirely in pity and guilt.
Did he ever even love her at all?
Lemira turned her face away, staring blankly at the far wall. "I've asked what I needed to ask. Get the hell out of here."
Orion stared at her, his eyes filled with desperate yearning. "Once the dust settles with the Sinclair family, we'll sit down and talk."
"There is absolutely nothing left to talk about. As far as we're concerned, none of this ever happened."
She couldn't stand the sight of him for a second longer.
Those words hit Orion like a physical blow, nearly knocking the breath out of his lungs.
Even though he had known this day would come-the day she found out the truth and severed ties with him
Was
completely the reality of it absolute agony 
Orion stood frozen in place, his voice ragged. "I don't accept that."
He refused to let her go.
Lemira grabbed a pillow and hurled it at him. "Get out!"
The pillow bounced harmlessly off his chest. He bent down, picked it up, and set it
on the edge of the bed. "I'll leave as soon as your IV is finished."
"Get out right now, or I'll rip this needle out of my arm!"
Lemira's face was flushed with fury, her eyes rimmed with red.
Who the hell did he think he was to *reject* a breakup?
From the very start, she had been the one chasing him, the one throwing her heart on the line.
Only to find out it had all been a pathetic delusion.
If Orion hadn't felt guilty about the crash, their paths never would have crossed. He
never would have given her a second glance.
He never would have treated her like she was someone special.
Their entire relationship had been built on a transaction of guilt.
Orion turned around. "I'll wait in the living room."
He stepped out of the bedroom, closing the door softly behind him.
Lemira stared at the space he had just occupied, her fierce facade crumbling instantly. She clenched her teeth and spat, "Jerk! Absolute bastard!"
He was unbelievable.
Leaning against the wall just outside her door, Orion heard her muffled curses. A faint, sad smile touched his lips.
If she had the energy to yell, her condition wasn't critical yet.
A violent tickle clawed at his throat. Suppressing the urge to cough, he walked into the kitchen and poured himself a glass of ice water, swallowing it down to numb the irritation. 
He sank onto the living room sofa, his gaze falling onto a small plush pillow beside him. It was a
promotional gift from Bistrova from
one of their past dates
Orion reached out and poked the plushie's round cheek. The soft texture beneath
his fingertips reminded him far too much of her face.
###Chapter 940
Orion lay back on the sofa, his own body burning with an abnormal, feverish heat.
He drifted in and out of consciousness, forcing himself awake every few minutes, terrified of missing the moment Lemira's IV bag ran dry.
Compared to the sheer psychological torture of the previous night, this physical exhaustion was almost a relief.
Alone in her bed, Lemira strained her ears but heard zero movement from the living room. She had no idea if he had actually left.
The emotional whiplash was suffocating.
He had admitted that he orchestrated their meeting, entirely driven by guilt and a desire to make amends.
Through the hazy fog of her fever, a desperate part of her still wanted to ask him: *Did you ever actually love me? Even a little?*
She wanted to demand whether his ultimate goal was simply to manipulate her into showing mercy to Mrs. Amanda.
But whenever she looked at him, she was so consumed by the betrayal and sheer injustice of it all that the words wouldn't come.
And even if they did, what difference would it make now?
Lemira stared blankly at the ceiling until her exhausted mind finally gave out, pulling her into a heavy sleep.
A long while later, Orion dragged his sluggish body into the bedroom. Seeing that only a sliver of fluid remained in the IV bag, he stayed by her side.
He sat in the chair beside her bed. Several times, he reached out, longing to stroke her cheek, only to force his hand back to his side.
When the bag finally emptied, Orion expertly withdrew the needle, pressing a cotton swab firmly against the puncture mark.
The slight pressure roused Lemira.
She instinctively flinched, yanking her hand back. A bright bead of blood welled up from the injection site.
Orion quickly caught her wrist. "Hold still."
Lemira stared down at the needle mark on her skin. Suddenly, her mind flashed back to their very first encounter-in the university clinic.
That was right after she had been reborn into this second chance at life, burning up with a severe fever.
A shocking realization hit her. *Had Orion Everhart been there in my past life, too?*
She looked up at the striking man before her. In her previous life, he had been the school doctor as well. But they hadn't crossed paths.
Because in her past life, she had been too pathologically obsessed with earning her brothers' approval to notice anyone else around her.
Her devotion to the Langstons had ultimately led to her gruesome end. But had Orion completely vanished from her story?
Suddenly, Lemira remembered the mysterious gamer she had met
online in her past life. His username had matched Orion's exact gaming handle. He was the one who had taught her how to play.
If Orion's goal had always been to get close and make amends... then it all made terrifying sense.
He *was* there in her past life. After her brothers had viciously kicked her out onto the streets, he was the anonymous friend who had wired her a large sum of money.
He was the one who had begged her to cut ties with the Langston family and build a life of her own.
But she hadn't listened. And in the end, Asher had thrown her into a psychiatric ward to rot.
In her past life, her tragic end was entirely her own fault.
Noticing her intense, unblinking stare, Orion shifted uncomfortably. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
He rarely gave a damn about how people perceived him.
But she was different.
Lemira pulled her hand free. "Hypothetically. If I had stayed hopelessly devoted to the Langston family sacrificing everything for them just like I used to... What would you have done?" 
Orion's brows knitted together. "I would have tried to warn you."
"But we wouldn't have known each other then. How would you have warned me?"
Orion considered the scenario for a moment. "I would have found a way."
"Like... pretending to be a friend online?"
Lemira thought of his exact tactics
aud
from her previous life-teaming up with her in the game, building a rapport, and then subtly trying convince her stop bleeding herself dry for a family that despised her. 
FindNovel.net
swnove
Orion paused, genuinely weighing the possibility, then nodded. "Most likely, yes."
That answer cemented it.
The guardian angel from her past life had been him all along.
Lemira glanced down at the back of her hand. "It stopped bleeding. I feel much better now. You can leave."
Orion's gaze remained fixed on her hand. He didn't move.
When he finally lifted his eyes to meet hers, his expression was a portrait of quiet, devastating heartbreak.
###Chapter 941
Orion knew that once he walked out that door, there was no coming back.
Lemira noticed the look on his face, but she lowered her gaze, refusing to meet his eyes.
One stared with desperate longing, while the other kept her head stubbornly bowed. They remained locked in a tense standoff, neither willing to yield an inch.
A tickle rose in Orion's throat. Not wanting to show any weakness in front of her, he stood up abruptly, turned on his heel, and walked out.
Watching his retreating back, the light in Lemira's eyes dimmed considerably.
Of course. The second she stopped bending to his will, he walked away.
He didn't need to put on an act for her anymore. The charade was over.
A self-deprecating smirk tugged at the corner of her mouth.
That jerk. I hope I never see him again.
Outside in the hallway, Orion's footsteps were hurried and erratic as he stumbled out of the apartment, not even pausing to put his shoes on properly.
A violent fit of coughing wracked his chest. He curled into himself, leaning heavily against the wall by her door.
He slumped on the floor, an absolute wreck. Looking back at her closed door, his eyelids drooped, looking as defeated as a stray dog left out in the rain.
Not long after, the elevator chimed, and Mrs. Gable stepped out to start her cleaning shift.
She nearly jumped out of her skin when she spotted a grown man sitting motionless by the door.
After finishing her sweep of the hall, she cautiously approached him. "Excuse me, sir?"
The man didn't seem to hear her. He sat perfectly still, his profile cast in shadows, radiating a dark, brooding aura that practically screamed 'keep away.'
Mrs. Gable hurried back to the elevator and immediately called Mr. Miller, the property manager. "There's a strange man sitting outside an apartment on the sixteenth floor in Building 3. He won't say a word, and he looks like trouble. You don't think he's harassing one of the tenants, do you?"
"I'll call the resident and check," Mr. Miller said.
This was a high-end luxury complex. If a security issue popped up, it would be the management's head on the chopping block.
Moments later, Lemira was jolted awake by her ringing phone.
She glanced at the screen. It was an unknown number.
She answered it, and a middle-aged man spoke on the other end. "Hello, Ms.
Langston? This is the property management office."
"Yes, what's going on?"
"Well, our cleaner noticed a man sitting outside your door. Do you know him? If he's bothering you, I can send security up right away."
Lemira frowned in confusion. Someone was at her door?
Could it be Orion?
That didn't make sense.
"What is he wearing?" she asked.
"A black dress shirt and black trousers. Our staff said he didn't exactly look like a friendly guy."
Lemira fell silent. Orion had been
wearing att black when he came over
earlier. But what kind of expression
was he wearing for the sweet
cleaning lady to think he looked like criminal 
FindNovel.net
With his strikingly handsome face, he usually got a free pass anywhere he went.
"I'll go take a look," Lemira said.
She still wasn't entirely convinced it was him.
Opening her door, she looked down and saw him sitting on the floor. His long legs
were sprawled out, completely blocking her entryway.
It really was Orion.
He hadn't left yet?
"What are you doing out here?" Lemira asked.
He knew the apartment's security code; there was no reason for him to be sitting out
in the hallway.
But Orion didn't move a muscle, as if he hadn't heard a word.
Lemira leaned down and realized his
eyes were
closed. He looked like be
was fast asleep, but she
immediately goticed the unnatural
flush on his face. 
She pressed the back of her hand against his forehead. He was burning up.
Was he sick too?
Just then, Mr. Miller arrived with a security guard in tow. "Ms. Langston, do you need some help?"
"I know him. Could you help me bring him inside?"
Lemira couldn't just leave him lying out in the hall. It was ridiculous. He had an army of people at his beck call, yet here he was, passing out on her welcome mat. 
Was he just playing the sympathy card?
As Mr. Miller stepped closer, he realized the man was incredibly handsome and
dressed in expensive designer clothes.
Ah, just a lovers' quarrel, the manager concluded.
He vaguely remembered seeing this striking man around the complex before.
Together with the guard, Mr. Miller managed to haul Orion onto the living room sofa.
"Thank you so much, I really appreciate it," Lemira said.
Mr. Miller nodded politely and led his guard out the door.
###Chapter 942
Lemira stared at the man lying unconscious on her sofa. "Where is your entourage? Where did everyone go?"
This morning, Stella had told her that Orion hadn't shown up because he was sick. At the time, she assumed it was just a convenient excuse.
She hadn't expected him to actually be running a fever.
It seemed the sudden seasonal flu was hitting hard. She was absolutely certain she had caught it from him.
Lemira watched him for a long moment, but he didn't stir.
She reached into his pockets, her fingertips brushing against his burning skin.
Pulling out his phone, she unlocked it with ease and scrolled to his contacts.
She had known his passcode for a while, and she knew he kept two assistants on standby at all times—one for his personal life, and one for business.
The secretary who had brought the doctor to her earlier was Julian Reed, the one who managed his personal affairs.
She tapped his name. He answered on the first ring. "Boss, what do you need?"
"I need you to come up here and take him away."
Hearing Lemira's voice, Julian hesitated for a split second. "Is something wrong with him?"
"He's sick."
Lemira hung up without another word, not in the mood for small talk.
A few minutes later, a knock echoed through the apartment.
She opened it to find Julian standing there with a private physician.
Taking a step back, she pointed toward the living room. "He's over there."
Julian hurriedly led the doctor to the sofa. One look at Orion confirmed something was very wrong. The doctor checked his temperature and sighed. "Mr. Everhart is running a dangerously high fever."
"Take him out of here," Lemira said coldly.
Turning her back on them, she retreated to the master bedroom, refusing to look at the man in her living room for another second.
Lemira tossed and turned in bed for what felt like hours. Her eyes caught the empty IV fluid bag hanging by her bedside. He had stayed right there, watching over her until her treatment was completely finished before he finally left.
The thought of his lies surged back to the forefront of her mind, twisting her chest into tight knots of resentment.
It was a good thing he hadn't dared to bring up the Everhart and Sinclair family drama earlier, or she would have lost it entirely.
When it came to her parents' deaths, she would never compromise.
She heard the faint click of the front door closing. Had they finally left?
Having slept most of the day, Lemira found herself wide awake.
She slipped out of bed and padded out to the living room, only to freeze. The man was still lying on her sofa, an IV drip now hooked up to the back of his hand.
He was still here?
Lemira snatched his phone off the coffee table and immediately dialed Julian's number. It rang out to voicemail.
Dammit.
She tried his business secretary next. Still no answer.
What was going on?
When she had called earlier, they had picked up instantly.
Now, suddenly, everyone was screening their calls?
Frustrated, she dialed Thaddeus. He picked up immediately, his voice loud over the background noise. "What's up? I'm busy."
"Are you really?"
"Oh, it's you?" Thad sounded surprised, clearly expecting Orion.
"Why are none of Orion's assistants answering their phones?" Lemira asked, her tone flat.
"That's completely unprofessional of them, but wait-is he still at your place?"
"Yes. He's sick and getting fluids on my couch. Wouldn't he be better off at a hospital?"
Thad instantly caught on to her annoyance. "I'll swing by as soon as I wrap things up here!"
Left with no other choice, Lemira hung up.
She glared at the man unconscious on her sofa. Muttering under her breath, she walked into the
bedroom, grabbed a thick blanket, and threw it over him to make sure his fever didn't get worse. 
What a nightmare!
She was supposed to be the patient here.
She wanted absolutely nothing to do with him, but she couldn't just ignore the fact
that he had stayed by her side when she was sick.
She made a decision. This was the absolute last time.
Dragging a heavy quilt from her closet, she wrapped herself in it and sat on the rug right next to the sofa, She set an alarm on her phone terrified she might accidentally fall asleep and miss when his IVO finished. 
The hours ticked by slowly.
Orion finally fluttered his eyes open. He stared blankly at the ceiling for a moment
before realizing where he was.
He remembered stumbling out of the apartment.
Turning his head, he saw Lemira
dozing on the floor right beside him.
A sudden, overwhelming warmth
filled his chest, suffocating the ache that had been there all day 
Unable to resist, he leaned down to press a soft kiss against her forehead.
Right at that exact second, her phone alarm blared. Lemira jolted upright, her head
slamming squarely into Orion's jaw.
Both of them g*** in pain.
###Chapter 943
Lemira rubbed her throbbing forehead, glaring at him. "What are you doing?"
Orion held his jaw, taking a long moment before opening his eyes to look at her, his gaze heavy and unreadable.
She immediately broke eye contact. "Since you're awake, you can leave."
She was still furious. How dare he make a sick person play nurse for him?
Orion frowned. "Where is Julian?"
"He bolted."
Lemira crossed her arms. "Your assistants aren't answering their phones. Completely unprofessional."
And Thad was no better. He had promised to come right over and still hadn't shown his face.
Orion sat up and smoothly pulled the IV needle from his hand. A bead of blood welled up on his skin.
Lemira caught a glimpse of it but forced herself to look away, swallowing the urge to check on him.
Whatever. The guy used to have medical training-he knew how to handle a tiny scratch.
Orion stole a quiet glance at her. "I'm leaving."
His voice was hoarse, thick with congestion.
Lemira stayed silent, keeping her eyes firmly fixed on the wall.
He hesitated by the door. "I'll have Bistrova send over some food for you later."
"Don't bother. If I'm hungry, I'll order delivery. I'm not going to starve to death." She finally stood up and looked him dead in the eye, her expression entirely unreadable. "Leave. Don't come back, and don't contact me again."
For a second, Orion felt like the air had been violently sucked from the room.
He stood frozen in place for a long, agonizing moment before finally turning and walking out of the apartment.
The heavy thud of the door closing echoed in the quiet room. Instantly, tears spilled over Lemira's lashes. She dropped her head into her hands and let out a broken sob, the sound growing louder as the dam finally broke.
All the betrayal, the fear, and the heartbreak she had been holding onto poured out at once.
Standing on the other side of the heavy door, Orion heard her weeping. It felt as though a brutal hand was crushing his heart.
Listening to her broken sobs was sheer agony-worse than any physical torture he could imagine.
It tore him apart.
He stood there in the quiet hallway
for a long time until her cryingē eventually faded, and the soft padding of her footsteps
disappeared into the bedroom. Only
then did he finally walk away.
When Orion stepped out of the building, Julian immediately rushed over. "Boss."
Orion shot him a lethal glare. "Why didn't you answer her calls?"
Julian swallowed hard. "I thought playing the sympathy card might soften her up."
He had only been trying to help his boss salvage his relationship.
Orion's expression turned glacial. "Don't ever take matters into your own hands again. She is still recovering from a fever."
The thought of her dragging herself around to take care of him while she was sick twisted his gut with guilt.
Julian lowered his head. "Understood."
He had just seen how explosive their fight had been and thought forcing them into the same room might spark a reconciliation Clearly, fixing this mess was going to take a lot more than a clever trick. 
Orion pinched the bridge of his nose and stepped out into the biting autumn wind, his broad shoulders carrying a heavy, desolate weight.
Upstairs, Lemira stood by her bedroom window, watching his tall silhouette emerge from the building and vanish into the night. Her throat tightened so much she could barely breathe.
She slid down the wall and sat on the floor for a long time.
A soft chime broke the silence. Her phone lit up with a text.
Dragging her feet, she walked over and saw a message from Orion: *Remember to eat. Take care of yourself.*
She stared at the words, scoffing. As if she cared about his fake concern now.
But he was right about one thing. She needed to get her strength back.
She had a brutal war ahead of her, and she needed to be ready.
Opening a food delivery app, she randomly selected a few comforting dishes. She couldn't just rely on Stella and Caleb to bring her leftovers every night.
Not long after, there was a knock at the door.
It was only after she took her
medication and opened the containers that she realized this
wasn't standard takeout. The
exquisite plating and familiar flavors betonged entirely to Bistrova.
The food had just been cleverly repackaged in generic delivery bags.
Staring at the delicious porridge she loved so much, she recalled noticing earlier that Bistrova wasn't even listed on the delivery app.
She didn't need to be a genius to figure out who had arranged this.
Thinking about all the lies he had spun, she felt a flare of anger, but she sat down and ate every last bite anyway.
She slept soundly through the night, waking up the next morning feeling much more like herself.
###Chapter 944
Lemira grabbed her phone and saw a text from Stella: *Feeling any better?*
*Much better. I'll be heading to campus shortly,*
Lemira didn't want her friends worrying about her.
But the second Lemira stepped onto the university grounds, she was ambushed by a swarm of reporters.
"Ms. Langston! Is it true that your parents were killed in a murder-for-hire orchestrated by Mrs. Amelia Sinclair over a business rivalry?"
"Ms. Langston, did you only get involved with the Everhart heir to investigate the truth? Were you just using him?"
The questions hit her like rapid gunfire, each one more aggressive than the last.
Who leaked this to the press?
The formal investigation hadn't even started, let alone a trial.
Her mind raced through a dozen possibilities, but it was obvious these reporters were looking for blood.
Making a split-second decision, Lemira forced her eyes to well up with tears. She covered her mouth, letting out a choked, heartbreaking sob.
The aggressive reporters froze, their microphones hovering awkwardly in the air.
What was going on?
Was she actually crying?
When Lemira finally looked up, her striking eyes were swimming in tears. "Thank you all so much for caring about this. Back then, my parents had no money and no power, so the truth of their murders was swept under the rug. But now, with all of you watching, I know the real mastermind won't be able to hide anymore."
When backed into a corner, playing the victim was always the smartest play.
Why should she stand there and stubbornly try to explain or hurl accusations at the Sinclairs?
Since someone had forced this into the spotlight, she was going to make sure the public sided with the underdog.
She channeled every single manipulative trick she had ever seen Evelina use and laid it on thick.
Thinking of all the injustice, she cried even harder, looking utterly devastated. "Thank you for helping me seek justice. I believe the law will catch up to them, and the truth will finally come to light."
She even offered a deep, respectful bow to the cameras.
The reporters were completely thrown off guard.
This wasn't how these ambushes were supposed to go. How did they suddenly become the noble champions of justice?
With a title like that placed firmly on their heads, they couldn't exactly keep throwing ruthless questions at a grieving orphan.
Lemira wiped her tears delicately. "Thank you again. Once I have more updates, I'll be sure to let everyone know."
Without waiting for another question, she turned and sprinted toward the campus gates.
The press scrambled, but they weren't allowed on school grounds. They were forced to stand outside, exchanging bewildered looks.
One of the seasoned reporters finally found his voice. "This Ms. Langston... she's definitely something else."
They had expected an arrogant, angry socialite who would snap at them.
Instead, she had completely flipped the script.
The person who tipped them off had promised fireworks, but this girl was far too clever to give them what they wanted.
Once she was safely inside the campus, Lemira aggressively wiped her face, cursing the reporters under her breath.
By the time she walked into her
dorm Stella was already want
saw the group chats. Dia the press really ambush you at the gate?" 
"Yeah, but I handled them. Do you have any idea who leaked the story?"
Stella looked incredibly guilty. "It was probably my aunt."
"Wow. She really wanted a front-row seat to my downfall, didn't she? Too bad for
her, she's going to be very disappointed."
Lemira knew Mrs. Waverly utterly despised her because of the drama. with Stella so made perfect sense would try to stir the pot. 
that
She gave Stella a reassuring look. "Don't feel bad. If your aunt hadn't leaked it, the Sinclairs would have eventually used the media to pressure me anyway 
Stella hesitated for a moment. "Did you and Orion sort things out last night?"
She had known Orion was at the apartment, which was exactly why she had stayed
at Caleb's place to give them privacy to talk.
Lemira's gaze dropped to the floor. "We're completely done."
Stella's eyes widened in shock. "Why?"
"He was in the car that caused the crash."
A bitter, cynical smile touched Lemira's lips.
Everhart family?"
Stella paused, conflicted. "Then... should I tell you the other thing I heard? About the
###Chapter 945
Hearing that, Lemira's head snapped up, her eyes locking onto Stella.
It was about his family?
She let out a slow breath and shook her head. "I don't want to hear anything about the Everharts."
"Okay, I won't say it. Since you guys are over, it doesn't matter anyway."
Stella was equally stunned to learn Orion had been in that fatal crash. Did he only approach Lemira with an ulterior motive to begin with?
The dark thought crossed Stella's mind, but she didn't dare say it out loud.
Yet, she had seen the way Orion looked at Lemira. That kind of devotion didn't look like a calculated lie.
But she knew Lemira was deeply hurt by the betrayal. Defending him now would only make things worse.
Janice walked over and threw her arms around Lemira. "Don't be sad! Look on the bright side—at least you got to sleep with a ridiculously hot billionaire. That's a win in my book. Keep moving forward! There are plenty of hotter guys waiting in line." Lemira cleared her throat. "We didn't actually sleep together."
The last time things had gotten heavy, they hadn't gone all the way because they didn't have protection.
Janice grinned. "Even better! The jerk didn't even get to seal the deal. Let him be the one crying about regrets."
Lemira stared at the floor, saying nothing.
"If he lied to you, you have every right to be furious," Janice continued firmly. "Be mad, scream, break something. But don't let it consume you. Right now, the only thing that matters is getting justice for your parents. Everything else is just background noise."
Lemira nodded slowly. "You're right."
Though Lemira looked remarkably composed, Janice and Stella exchanged a deeply worried look.
Who could have guessed that Orion Everhart was tied to her parents' tragic death?
Until the whole truth came to light, there was no telling what other dark secrets were hiding in the shadows.
But one thing was certain-Lemira had every right to be angry.
As Lemira walked to her first class, she noticed several students whispering and pointing in her direction.
Janice linked arms with her, leaning. in close. They're definitely gossiping about you and the Singlans. Since it hit the news everyone on campus knows exactly who you are now." 
"I know."
Lemira kept her chin high. She knew Mrs. Waverly had leaked the story hoping to turn her into a public spectacle.
But the Sinclairs were the murderers. She was the victim. Why should she cower from people's stares?
Or perhaps Mrs. Waverly's real target wasn't the Sinclairs, but the Everharts.
With her high-society connections, Mrs. Waverly might have already Orion was in that
discovered that using the
car and she was was simply using t media to twist the knife. 
She didn't have the guts to challenge the Everhart family directly, so she resorted to petty tricks to ruin Lemira's life.
As they approached the lecture hall, Lemira spotted Susanna Sinclair standing by
the doors. Her expression instantly hardened.
The last time Susanna came looking for trouble, Lemira had made her stance crystal clear.
She was never going to back down, and she would never settle.
Susanna's presence drew a crowd of onlookers, but given her reputation as a ruthless mean girl, no one dared to intervene.
Lemira stopped in front of her. "What do you want?"
"Did you leak the story to the press?" Susanna sneered. "Are you that desperate to turn my family into a laughingstock?"
"I didn't leak it, but I know you won't believe me regardless. So I'm not going to waste my breath explaining anything to you."
Lemira's tone was ice-cold. A collective gasp rippled through the surrounding students.
Susanna's eyes flushed with humiliated rage. "Lemira, if you really want to play hardball, you're going to regret it."
"I only believe in the law. The truth will come out, and justice will be served."
Lemira's unwavering confidence made Susanna both furious and intensely nervous. S*** of her usual arrogance, the Sinclair heiress spun on her heerand stormed aff before she could embarrass herself any further. s?novels
###Chapter 946
The hallway erupted into loud whispers as students eagerly gossiped about the confrontation.
Dorian Draven suddenly pushed his way through the crowd. "Show's over! Move it!"
He still carried that signature arrogant, rich-boy swagger. His aggressive tone was enough to intimidate the lingering students, sending them scattering down the hall.
Turning to Lemira, Dorian crossed his arms. "Did the Sinclairs really kill your parents?"
"Yes," Lemira replied evenly.
Dorian looked her up and down. "Then you're pretty damn lucky to still be breathing."
Lemira shot him a sharp, sarcastic smile. "If the monsters who did it get to live perfectly fine lives, why shouldn't I?"
Dorian choked on his words for a second. "Look, if you need any help taking them down, you can come to me."
Lemira stared at him as if he had lost his mind. What was his angle?
Dorian cleared his throat awkwardly. "Don't overthink it. I'm just offering a favor. Though, if you want to thank me, you could let me take you to dinner."
Lemira scoffed loudly. "I'll pass on the favor. If I say yes, your mother will probably show up tomorrow demanding I stay away from her precious boy."
His reputation as a spineless mama's boy was legendary across the city.
Dorian's face flushed with anger, and he stepped into her path. "What the hell is that supposed to mean? I'm offering you a lifeline, and you should be thanking me. Do you really think the Everharts are going to keep protecting you now?"
Lemira's expression turned frigid.
She glared at him. "My business has absolutely nothing to do with you."
"You should be flattered I even looked your way. Without the Everhart family backing you up, do you honestly think you can take on the Sinclairs?"
Dorian leaned in, his eyes mocking. "The Sinclairs and the Everharts are in bed together. The Everharts will protect them, and you are going to lose."
Lemira's eyes narrowed. "Get out of my way."
She had zero patience for his garbage.
Feeling thoroughly embarrassed and rejected, Dorian's ego snapped. "You're just Orion's used castoff, Lemira. Do you seriously think you're some kind of untouchable royalty now?"
Lemira shoved him aside and kept walking without missing a beat.
Furious, Dorian yelled after her, "You don't even know, do you? Orion and the Sinclair family will be sealing a marriage alliance soon you're nothing but a delusional nobody
you'll
dreaming of a crowver
wear!" 
s?novels
Lemira's footsteps faltered for a fraction of a second, but she didn't look back.
She found Dorian's words utterly laughable. Orion marrying Sophia Sinclair?
That was ancient gossip from a lifetime ago.
But as she sat down in the lecture hall, her face was pale.
Janice leaned in, whispering, "Don't listen to him. Everyone knows Dorian is a total creep and a mommy's boy."
Lemira frowned, her mind drifting back to what Stella had tried to tell her that morning about the Everharts.
She had been too heartbroken to listen at the time.
But if Dorian was suddenly running his mouth about a marriage, had something actually happened?
After class, Lemira headed back to her dorm, but Stella wasn't there.
She wanted to ask her what was going on, but she refused to call and ask. That
would only make it look like she still cared about Orion.
Just then, her phone buzzed. It was Lucian.
"What do you want?" she answered dryly.
"It's about Mom and Dad's case. We need you to come home and talk. Asher and have some leads
regarding the crash, but we need to know what your lawyers are
planning so we can coordinate our strategies." 
Lemira stayed quiet for a moment. "Fine. I'll be there later."
Since Stella still hadn't returned, Lemira grabbed her bag and headed straight to the Langston Estate.
It felt like a lifetime since she had last walked through these doors.
Stepping into the grand foyer, she
walked directly to the family memorial table and stood before her parents' portraits to pay her
coming soon. The truth will finally come to light, and the people who did this will pay." 
respects. "Mom, Dad the tel. ne
From the stairs, a heavily pregnant Evelina waddled down, a smug smile plastered
on her face. "Without Orion Everhart backing you up, how exactly do you plan on getting this grand revenge?"
Evelina's voice dripped with condescension.
###Chapter 947
Lemira stared at her parents' portraits for a moment longer, arranging fresh flowers on the memorial table before turning her cold gaze to Evelina.
"Have you forgotten the rules?" Lemira asked sharply. "Wearing mourning black and paying your daily respects to my parents?"
Evelina's smug smile vanished. "I-I've been doing it."
She only ever bothered when someone was watching. Since no one was strictly policing her, she had been slacking off.
She hadn't expected Lemira to suddenly show up.
One look at that guilty, two-faced expression told Lemira everything she needed to know. "Butler," she called out.
The butler immediately stepped forward, holding a set of black mourning clothes, and placed them directly in front of Evelina.
Evelina balked, taking a step back. "I'm heavily pregnant. I can't stand for long periods of time."
"Then pull up a chair. But you will stay here and apologize for your father's sins." "My father already turned himself in! What does any of that have to do with me?" Evelina felt incredibly wronged. She was carrying a child! Couldn't Lemira show even a shred of basic human decency?
Just then, the Langston brothers entered the room.
Seeing Evander, Evelina immediately clutched her swollen stomach and put on her best wounded-animal look.
Evander glanced at the mourning clothes and immediately understood. His voice was flat. "Just do what she says, Evelina. The staff will watch you to make sure you don't hurt yourself."
Evelina choked on her breath. Evander wasn't going to defend her either?
It was infuriating.
Lucian crossed his arms, staring her down. "If you don't want to be thrown out onto the streets to fend for yourself, I suggest you do exactly as you're told."
Realizing she had completely lost her grip over the brothers, Evelina had no choice but to awkwardly change into the black coat and stand before the memorial, seething with silent resentment.
Lemira stood by, watching coldly until Evelina finished her forced, humiliating apology and stepped back. Only then did Lemira turn and take a seat on the sofa.
Evelina, looking utterly wronged, grabbed Evander's hand. "You don't care about me at all anymore."
"If I didn't care about you, you would have been kicked out of this house a long time ago. You're living in luxury. It's a hell of a lot better than hustling drinks at that nightclub."
Ever since the truth about her time at the club came out, Evander's last ounce of pity for her had vanished.
She was a parasite, and he refused to be manipulated by her ever again.
Tears spilled down Evelina's cheeks. "You think bending over backward for Lemira will make her forgive you?
It won
She's nothing now anyway.
The Everharts cut her loose
"Shut your mouth! You don't get a say in anything that happens in this house!" Lucian roared.
He pointed a furious finger at the stairs. "Get out of my sight. You're giving me a headache."
Unable to handle the humiliation, Evelina turned and stomped up the stairs in a rage.
Lucian walked over to the sofa and looked at Lemira. "Did you hear what happened with the Everhart family?"
"What exactly is going on over there?"
Lemira found it incredibly strange that everyone suddenly wanted to talk about Orion's family.
If she had known this would happen, she would have just let Stella tell her the news that morning.
"Mrs. Amanda has fallen severely ill," Lucian explained. "It's acute kidney failure. She needs a transplant immediately."
Lemira's face drained of color. "What?"
A chilling memory from her past life surfaced. Evelina had lied about needing a kidney, and her third brother, Rowan, had personally dragged Lemira onto an operating table.
Instinctively, Lemira's hand went to her side, almost feeling the phantom sting of the
scar.
She forced herself to focus. "And?"
"Mrs. Amelia got tested. She's a perfect match."
Lemira's heart plummeted into her stomach. "How did you find this out?"
A medical crisis inside the Everhart family shouldn't have leaked to the public this
fast.
"Mrs. Waverly told us," Asher chimed in as he walked into the room.
Mrs. Waverly again.
Lemira thought of the aggressive reporters at the university gates. She glared at Asher. "What exactly did you tell her?"
Asher bristled. "Don't take that tone with me. Do you really think I'd hand over crucial evidence to an outsider? Besides, you've kept me completely in the dark on your end of the case." 
He was desperate to resolve the lawsuit, but since Lemira refused to share her strategy, his hands were tied.
Lucian quickly stepped in to
mediate. think Lemmy is talking
about the media ambush today The
asn't even started yet Having
trial hasn
the press go wild right now could really mess up our case." 
###Chapter 948
Asher frowned defensively. "If Mrs. Waverly insists on leaking it to the press, how am I supposed to stop her? Besides, we have the hard evidence. What are we so afraid of?"
Evander spoke up, his tone serious. "What we need to worry about right now is whether the Everharts are going to change their stance. Your lead attorney is the head of their legal department. If they decide to pull their support, we need to have a backup plan ready immediately."
At that, all eyes in the room locked onto Lemira.
She lowered her gaze to the floor, her mind spinning. She truly hadn't known about Mrs. Amanda's condition.
If Mrs. Amelia was the only viable donor match right now, it didn't take a genius to figure out what the Sinclairs were going to demand in exchange for that kidney.
A bitter, mocking smile flashed across Lemira's eyes. So that was why Orion didn't dare face her.
Not to mention, the Everharts were already tied to the car crash.
She couldn't trust anything anymore.
Memories and chaotic thoughts swirled in her mind, but she finally looked up. "We do need a backup plan. Hire a new legal team to take over the case completely."
"If you ask me, we should just fire the Everhart lawyers right now," Asher said sharply. "If they decide to play dirty at the last second, they'll hand the Sinclairs the win on a silver platter."
Lemira remained silent.
Lucian watched her carefully before speaking in a softer tone. "Lemmy, I know things were serious between you and Orion, and making this call is hard. But the guy had an ulterior motive from the moment he met you. We have to protect ourselves."
His words felt like a dagger twisting in her chest.
She forced her face to remain expressionless. "Just secure the backup lawyers for now. We'll deal with the rest later."
The trial date hadn't even been set.
There was still more investigating to do before they stepped foot in a courtroom.
Asher scoffed loudly. "Don't let your ridiculous romantic feelings blind you, Lemira. For all we know, he s*** you just so you'd hesitate when this exact moment came."
Lemira shot to her feet, glaring at Asher, her face pale with fury.
Right. That was exactly what everyone thought.
She was just the naive girl who fell for a handsome face, and now she was
compromising her parents' justice because of a broken heart.
Without another word, she turned and stormed toward the door.
Lucian rounded on Asher. "Why do you always have to be such a raging jerk?"
"The truth is always ugly. I always thought it was suspicious that a guy like Orion Everhart would even took twice at a girl like her. Now it makes perfect sense." 
"If Orion wanted to destroy the Langston family, he could have
bankrupted us in a day." Lucian fired
back he go throug by would such an elaborate charade?"
Lucian wasn't an idiot. It was obvious to anyone with eyes that Orion actually cared about Lemira.
It was just a tragedy that the car crash was standing between them.
Evander let out a heavy sigh. "Asher, you really crossed the line this time.
Remember how much she used to care about us?"
Asher opened his mouth to snap back, but his eyes dropped to Evander's prosthetic leg, and the words died in his throat.
"Well, if she'd just come back to the company, we wouldn't have to worry about the cost of your medical bills, would we?" Asher muttered bitterly.
"And whose fault is it that she left in the first place?" Evander shot back.
"Are you saying you're entirely innocent?"
The two brothers glared at each other, lapsing into a tense silence. Deep down, they both knew they were drowning in regret.
If they hadn't let Evelina poison their minds and tear the family apart, the Langstons wouldn't be in this desperate situation.
Outside in the courtyard, Lucian jogged to catch up with Lemira, grabbing her arm. "Where are you going? Stay and have dinner."
"I'm not hungry."
"The legal battle is officially starting. Let's just sit down and eat as a family. Mom and Dad would be happy to see us together."
Lucian's voice softened pleadingly
"Ignore Asher. He's an idiot. But you
do need to be realistic. The
Everharts are definitely going to
complicate this." 
FindNovel.net
Lemira gave a hollow smile. "I know. The person sitting in the back of the car that hit
my parents was Orion."
Lucian's concerned expression cracked. "Wait... does that mean he was the one who saved you?"
###Chapter 949
Lemira stared at Lucian, stunned. "What did you just say?"
Orion saved her?
"Yeah. You said he was in the back of the car, right? Based on how the crash happened, if Evelina's dad didn't pull you out of the wreckage, then the only other person there was Orion."
Lucian looked at her earnestly. "Think about it. We know for a fact Evelina's dad took the fall for the crash but didn't save you. That leaves only one logical answer. Plus, Orion clearly despises the Sinclairs. It makes perfect sense that he pulled you out."
Hearing his logic, fragmented pieces of her old dreams rushed to the forefront of her mind.
She had dreamed about Orion saving her from the burning wreckage.
At the time, she had brushed it off as just a wishful fantasy brought on by her feelings for him.
But now, it was starting to look like the absolute truth.
When she found out he had been lying to her two days ago, her mind had been too
clouded by betrayal to connect the dots.
Now, hearing Lucian break it down, a cold clarity washed over her.
Yes. Orion was the only one who could have saved her.
"Did he never mention it to you?" Lucian asked hesitantly.
Lemira shook her head. "He never said a word."
Even last night, when she kicked him out, he hadn't used it as leverage.
Was it really him?
Lucian frowned in confusion. "That doesn't make any sense. If you already knew he was in the car, why would he hide the fact that he saved your life?"
Lemira lowered her eyes, remaining silent.
Seeing her distress, Lucian gently shifted the topic. "Do you remember anything else about the crash?"
"No. Sometimes I get flashes of it in my dreams, but none of it makes sense together."
"Then don't force it. The important thing is we know who orchestrated it, so we don't need to stress over the missing details."
Lucian nudged her gently. "Come inside and eat. The chef made all your favorites."
Lemira didn't really know where else to go. She hated being here, but eating a real meal sounded marginally better than going back to an empty apartment and ordering delivery again.
She walked back into the dining room. True to Lucian's word, the table was covered with dishes she loved.
Evelina waddled into the room, took one look at the spread, and scowled. "I hate all of this."
"Then don't eat it," Lucian snapped.
Evelina desperately wanted to storm out again, but her desire to torment Lemira kept her rooted in place. She sneered across the table Are you really still with Orion Lemira Or did you just casually forget that he's tied to the people who murdered your parents?" 
Lemira slammed her fork down onto the table. "I've lost my appetite. You guys enjoy."
She never should have stayed. Walking into this house was always a guarantee of a migraine.
She turned and headed for the door. Lucian hurried after her. "Just stay the night! It's too late for you to drive all the way back to campus."
"I'm fine."
Lemira looked at Lucian, her voice deadpan. "This stopped being my home a long time ago."
Lucian gave a bitter, defeated smile. "Lemmy, if you hate seeing Evelina around, I can have her moved to another property."
"Don't bother. Until the trial is over, it's safer to keep her where you can see her." Lemira walked out of the estate and took a cab straight back to her apartment. Staring out the window, she realized it was probably time to buy her own car.
.n
When she finally unlocked her front door and walked into the living room, she froze, Sitting perfectly arranged on her dining table were several takeout boxes. One glance was enough to know it was fromo Bistrova. 
She pressed her hand against the lids. They were still warm.
He had timed the delivery perfectly. Was he having someone track her every move?
Furious, Lemira marched over to the security panel and immediately changed her door code.
She pulled out her phone and texted him: *Are you having me followed?* Minutes passed. No reply.
She gritted her teeth and typed again: *I changed the code. Stay out of my life.*
Still nothing.
She tossed her phone onto the couch, her stomach growling. She hadn't actually eaten anything at the Langston Estate.
But staring at the exquisite food on
the table, she felt entirely nauseous. She grabbed the containers and dumped them straight into the trash. She didn't want his suffocating, manipulative care. 'FindNovel.net
Starting today, she had to get used to being completely alone.
As she took a breath, a sharp ache radiated through her chest, like a piece of her soul was being violently ripped out.
She had never realized that unlearning her reliance on him would be this agonizing.
Collapsing onto her bed, Lemira threw an arm over her eyes and finally let herself
cry.
###Chapter 950
On the other side of the city.
Orion stared blankly at the text from Lemira, lying completely motionless in his hospital bed.
Sitting in the chair beside him, Matthew finally couldn't take it anymore. "Orion, you need to eat something."
Orion slowly set his phone down, his stomach completely tied in knots.
"How is Mom doing?" he asked, his voice thick and raspy.
"Her vitals are stable for now. She just needs aggressive treatment while we wait for a kidney match."
Matthew looked utterly devastated. Why hadn't his or Orion's kidneys been a match?
If he had been compatible, he would have been on the operating table in a heartbeat without a second thought.
But out of all the people in the world, the only match had to be the one person they despised most.
Mrs. Amelia was a viper. She was going to use this leverage to force the Everharts into burying the murder investigation.
Orion gave a faint nod. "Stay by her side. Don't leave her alone."
"I know. But Orion, you can't do anything reckless. Mom said she's willing to wait. She doesn't want that woman's kidney."
Orion's grip on his phone tightened until his knuckles turned white. It felt like the universe was playing a sick, twisted joke on him.
After a long silence, he spoke. "I'll find a donor in time. I won't let her condition deteriorate."
"Don't put this all on your shoulders, and whatever you do, do not agree to the Sinclairs' terms. If you compromise your morals for us, Mom and I will never forgive ourselves."
Knowing the Sinclairs had meticulously cornered them left a foul, suffocating taste in their mouths.
Orion reached out and clapped Matthew on the shoulder. "I know. Start taking over some of my responsibilities at the company. I don't have the bandwidth right now, and I need someone I trust stepping up."
"I'll do my best. I won't let you down. If I get stuck, I'll ask Thad for help. Just focus on resting."
Matthew had never seen his brother look so utterly broken, and it killed him that he couldn't fix it.
As Matthew stepped out of the private suite, he ran into Thaddeus and practically sighed in relief. "Thank God you're here. He won't eat, and he's barely taking his meds."
Thad let out a heavy sigh. "It's a nightmare. Just focus on learning the ropes at the company. Take the weight off his shoulders so he can breathe."
"I will."
"Go on. I'll go check on him."
Thad pushed open the door and grimaced at the sight of the man in the bed Orion looked like hell-dark bags under hits eyes, bloodshot sclera, and a heavy layer of stubble on his jaw. 
Thad pulled up a chair. "I told you this was going to blow up in your face. The longer you kept the secret from her, the worse the fallout was going to be."
Orion was sitting up, one leg bent casually on the mattress.
He stared at his phone screen. "What's the situation with the media? Make sure they don't spin the narrative against her."
His voice was dangerously cold. He had found out that morning that the Waverly family was behind the leak.
Thad chuckled and tossed his own phone onto the bed. "See for yourself. Your girl is wicked smart. The reporters you sent to do damage control didn't even get to say a word."
Orion watched the video of Lemira weaponizing her tears to manipulate the press, and the heavy ache in his chest tightened even further.
He tossed the phone back. "Tell your aunt to back the hell off. If she pulls another stunt like this, I have no problem making sure she experiences a very public downfall."
He had enough dirt on the Waverlies—including Mrs. Waverly's catastrophic, under- the-table investments-to ruin them overnight.
Thad rubbed the back of his neck. "I already gave her a warning, but my aunt is stubborn. She doesn't know when to quit, especially since you publicly embarrassed her before. honestly? I think a verbal warning is useless. You should just crush her a little to teach her a lesson." 
Even Thad thought his aunt had crossed a massive line this time.
If Orion hadn't been holding back out of respect for Thad, the Waverlies would have been bankrupted weeks ago. But since his aunt refused to listen to reason, she was going to have to learn the hard way 
Some people just had to touch the stove to realize it was hot.
Orion's lips pressed into a ruthless, thin line. "If you're giving me the green light, then I won't hold back."
Thad's expression turned serious. "But what about your mom? Can you realistically find a matching kidney in the next two weeks? And if you can't... what's your play?"
Was he really going to surrender to the Sinclairs' blackmail?
###Chapter 951
Orion lowered his gaze. "Impossible."
He would never agree to the Sinclair family's conditions.
Thaddeus nodded in agreement. "Exactly. If we throw enough money at this, we should be able to find a suitable matching kidney in half a month."
With the vast resources of top-tier elite families, it had to be possible.
Orion offered a bitter smile. "Let's hope so."
Thaddeus looked at him sympathetically. "Eat something, man. Lemon is still furious, and she won't give you the time of day right now. But once this case is successfully closed and the Sinclairs are made to pay, she'll understand."
Orion met his friend's eyes. "The Everhart family was responsible for the cover-up back then. We bear responsibility too."
Thaddeus frowned. "The Sinclair family really ruins everything they touch."
If Lemira pursued this to the bitter end, Mrs. Amanda would technically be an accomplice.
Thaddeus looked at Orion. "This isn't as complicated as it seems. As long as the Langston family is willing to settle, Mrs. Amanda will be fine. The main liability falls on the Sinclairs, and Lemon knows that."
"But what right do I have to ask her to settle?" Orion murmured.
"You saved her life back then, didn't you? Did you forget?"
Thaddeus knew the truth. "Wait, haven't you told Lemon yet?"
Orion remained silent.
Thaddeus g*** in frustration. "You need to tell her! She has amnesia; she has no idea who pulled her from the wreckage."
"I refuse to use that to blackmail her."
Orion didn't want Lemira to accept him out of a sense of obligation. He didn't need her gratitude.
"How is that blackmail?"
Thaddeus was exasperated, but the stubborn man in front of him simply refused to yield.
He glared at his best friend. "Fine. Keep torturing yourself."
He wanted to see how long Orion could keep this up.
Outside the window, the autumn wind carried a bitter chill. The leaves were turning yellow and falling to the ground, a stark contrast to the vibrant, lively green of
summer.
When Lemira woke up, she realized her congestion had worsened. Her fever hadn't returned, but the cold still made her feel miserable.
Her phone rang. It was the Lyria Central Precinct. "Ms. Langston, we've uncovered some new leads regarding your parents' car crash. If you have time, please come down to the precinct."
Lemira didn't think much of it and headed straight there.
It wasn't until she arrived that she learned what the "new leads" actually were.
They involved the Everhart family.
"Ms. Langston, do you still have no memory of what happened at the scene of the crash?"
Lemira's mood darkened slightly. "That's correct."
"Do you know who was in the vehicle that caused the accident?"
Lemira met the detective's gaze. "Yes. It was the Everhart heir, Orion Everhart."
She wouldn't hide it. There was no point in lying.
Just as the words left her mouth, she glanced up and saw a familiar silhouette standing outside the door. It was Orion.
Her heart skipped a beat. Had he heard what she just said?
Lemira had a sinking feeling that
from this moment on, the dynamet
between them was going to become incredibly complicated. .net>
"Ms. Langston, the Everhart family was involved in the aftermath of the crash and successfully erased Orion's presence from the records They played a part in the cover up, but we need to conduct further investigations to determine the full extent of their involvement." 
Lemira nodded slowly. "I understand."
"If you recall anything about the incident, you must notify us immediately."
"I will."
Lemira stepped out of the interrogation room and found Orion waiting in the hallway. Beside him stood Mr. Alfred.
When her eyes landed on the lawyer, her stomach dropped.
Of course. Now that the Everhart family was implicated, she absolutely had to find a new attorney.
Otherwise, how could Mr. Alfred defend the Everharts while simultaneously representing the Langstons in prosecuting them?
It was a blatant conflict of interest.
Lemira looked straight past Orion and locked eyes with the lawyer. "Can I trust your professional ethics, Mr. Alfred?"
Mr. Alfred looked deeply conflicted
He didn't answer, instead shooting a helpless glance at Orion. Who could have predicted the case would spiral into this? 
The Everhart family had been dragged into the mess.
A lawyer couldn't represent both the plaintiff and the defendant.
Orion looked down at Lemira, his gaze somber. "Mr. Alfred will remain the legal representative for the Langstons."
Lemira gave him a mocking half-smile. "And why should I trust you?"
Orion said nothing.
He expertly sidestepped her question. "Mr. Alfred just accompanied me here temporarily."
###Chapter 952
"Don't bother. There's no need."
Lemira met Orion's gaze evenly. "I'll find a new lawyer. The Everhart family doesn't need to trouble themselves on my behalf."
"Don't be difficult at a time like this."
Orion's brow furrowed instinctively.
Mockery danced in Lemira's eyes. "I'm not being difficult; I'm being perfectly rational.
If I get played right before trial, the Langston family loses everything."
"Do you really think I'm that kind of person?"
"You've been lying to me this whole time, haven't you?"
Lemira refused to back down, holding his stare until he finally averted his eyes, unable to meet her intense gaze.
She then turned back to the attorney. "Mr. Alfred, I will have my new counsel contact you for the handover. Thank you for your help thus far, but I expect you to uphold basic professional ethics moving forward."
Mr. Alfred sighed heavily. "If it puts your mind at ease, Ms. Langston, we can sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement."
"Fine."
Lemira knew an NDA was largely symbolic in this scenario, but forcing him to sign it gave her a sliver of vindication.
Without a second glance at Orion, she turned on her heel and walked away.
Orion's eyes remained glued to her retreating back until she disappeared completely from his line of sight.
Mr. Alfred exhaled sharply. "What's your plan, Mr. Everhart?"
The situation was crystal clear: Ms. Langston wanted absolutely nothing to do with their help.
And realistically, if Alfred continued to represent the Langston family, they would constantly doubt his loyalty. It was only natural.
Orion remained silent for a long moment before quietly stepping into the interrogation room.
Outside, Lemira stepped into the crisp air. The memory of Orion's devastated expression flashed in her mind, and she frustratedly pushed the man out of her thoughts.
She checked the time. Buying a car was at the top of her to-do list; she needed the mobility.
Right on cue, Stella Waverly called her. "Where are you?"
"Just left the precinct. I'm heading to the Elite Motors Showroom to buy a car."
"I'll come meet you!"
Lemira didn't . It was good timing-she had something she needed to verify with Stella anyway.
Last night, her family had
bombarded her with the truth about
the Everharts. However, she didn't
entirely trust the Langstons and
needed Stella to corroborate th details. 
After getting a recommendation from Stella, Lemira arrived at the dealership.
The showroom was packed with high-end luxury vehicles that screamed wealth.
She honestly just wanted a Standard SUV to get around; she had no interest in something flashy.
"Well, well, if it isn't the Campus Queen. Here to buy a ride?"
Dorian Draven's eyes lit up as he spotted her. He immediately ditched the girl clinging to his arm and strutted over to Lemira "Pick
iel
whatever you want buy for
you." 
Lemira ignored him completely and kept walking into the showroom.
Dorian trailed after her like a lost
puppy. "Don't be so cold. Honestly, you were the one I had my eye on from the beginning, not Evelina. You
Sole
just kept brushing me off, so I started dating her to make y jealous. 
Lemira didn't even look at him. "I still have zero interest in you."
Dorian gritted his teeth, his ego bruised. "Yeah, well, you had your eyes set on the Everhart heir, and he tossed you aside like trash."
Lemira's expression turned freezing cold. She glared at him. "Get the hell out."
Dorian bristled at the insult but refused to leave. "Tell me what car you want. I'm buying it."
"Are you sure about that?"
Dorian puffed out his chest. "Absolutely."
Lemira pointed lazily at the most expensive supercar sitting on the center pedestal.
"I suppose I could settle for that one."
When Dorian saw the price tag, all the color drained from his face. "Lemira, don't be ridiculous. Even I can't just buy that on a whim."
Lemira scoffed. "Then stop writing checks your a*** can't cash."
Dorian scowled. "You say that like you can afford it yourself."
"At least I don't walk around acting like a billionaire when my pockets are empty."
Lemira tore him down without an ounce of mercy.
Just then, Stella arrived, accompanied by Caleb.
Lemira grabbed Stella's arm. "What do you think of that SUV over there?"
Stella nodded approvingly. "It's nice."
Caleb, however, casually strolled past them, his eyes locked on the sleek supercar.
He snapped a photo of it and texted it to Orion: "Nice car."
Orion's reply was instant: "?"
###Chapter 953
While Lemira and Stella discussed the merits of the SUV, Dorian swaggered back over, his fragile ego trying to recover. "I can buy this one for you."
He couldn't afford the multimillion-dollar supercar, but he could certainly swing the cheaper SUV.
Lemira didn't even acknowledge his existence.
Stella, however, shot him a look of pure disdain. "Lemira can afford to buy her own car. She doesn't need your charity."
"It means something different when a man buys a woman a car. What would you know about it?" Dorian snapped, annoyed that Stella was ruining his chance to show off.
Stella crossed her arms. "You sure have a lot of free time to play around here. Isn't your baby due any day now? Shouldn't you be out celebrating your new status as a baby daddy?"
Dorian's face instantly paled. "What the hell are you talking about?"
Lemira finally looked at him. "She's right. Evelina is heavily pregnant. I'd be happy to text you the hospital address so you can go visit her."
Dorian stammered. "...Stop spewing nonsense. That kid belongs to the Langston family!"
He had absolutely no intention of being a father right now.
But the way Lemira said it... did she know something he didn't?
He eyed her suspiciously. "Wouldn't your family demand a paternity test?"
If his mother found out Evelina Sterling was carrying his child, she would literally break his legs. His mother despised Evelina and had spent years trying to force them apart.
At first, breaking up with Evelina had stung, but Dorian had moved on. There were plenty of girls with her exact personality running around.
Lemira's lips curved into a cold smile. "Take a wild guess."
Dorian didn't want to guess. Panic started to set in.
His mood soured completely. "Lemira, aren't you even a little worried she's pregnant with my kid?"
"It's not my baby, why would I care?"
Dorian finally lost his temper. "Listen to me, Lemira. I'm doing you a favor by
pursuing you, so you better learn your place. Who else in our social circle is going to want a dumped, used-up woman like you?"
Stella aggressively shoved Dorian backward. "Back off!"
"Don't touch me, Stella! I try to be respectful of disabled people, but—"
Before Dorian could finish his sentence, a swift kick sent him flying backward onto the polished showroom floor.
Caleb stood rigidly beside Stella, his face a mask of lethal calm. "Watch your mouth."
Dorian g***, clutching his ribs furiously. "Who the hell are you?"
"He's my bodyguard," Stella stated proudly.
"A filthy bodyguard dares to touch me? Do you have any idea who I am?"
Stella gave Dorian a slow, sweeping look of disgust. "With an attitude like that, you should run home and cry to your mommy."
Dorian's face burned scarlet with rage, but he didn't dare retaliate. The Waverly family wasn't one to be crossed lightly.
If his mother found out he had publicly cursed out Stella Waverly, she would be the first one to beat him senseless.
Too cowardly to step up but too
petty to let it go, Dorian sneered
Lemira Every dollar you have
from OrionEverhartan
came
Lemira ignored him entirely. She test-sat in the SUV, still feeling like the luxury brand
was a bit too flashy for her current needs.
She wanted something more discreet.
At that moment, Caleb gestured toward the gleaming supercar on the pedestal. He looked at the two women. "Do you like that one?"
Stella raised an eyebrow. What was this guy playing at?
Lemira shrugged indifferently. "It's gorgeous."
Dorian scoffed loudly from the sidelines. "What good is it being gorgeous? Not like either of you can afford it."
Stella sneered. "You say that like you can."

Stella and Dorian were trust fund kids, sure, but a top-tier supercar required the kind of liquid cash h?t most heirs couldn't authorize without their parents' permission. 
Unfazed, Caleb casually turned to the nearest sales rep. "If I buy this now, can we drive it off the lot today?"
The rep blinked in surprise before nodding enthusiastically. "Absolutely, sir."
Dorian laughed mockingly. "A broke bodyguard couldn't even afford the tires on that thing. Stop putting on a show."
Caleb didn't blink. He pulled a sleek black card from his wallet and handed it to the rep. "Ring it up."
Both Stella and Lemira froze in disbelief.
Caleb walked calmly to the finance desk and ran the card without a second thought.
Dorian's face cycled through several shades of red and purple. His voice
dripped with sour jealousy as he looked at Stella. "Wow Stella, didn't realize you were sugar mama fost your staff." 
###Chapter 954
Stella rolled her eyes. "I'm not. He's paying for it himself."
"There's no way a guy like him has that kind of cash!"
"Ever heard the phrase 'don't judge a book by its cover'? Just because your pockets are empty doesn't mean everyone else's are."
Stella linked her arm through Lemira's and walked over to the desk, only to find that Caleb had not only purchased the multimillion-dollar car but had registered the title entirely in Stella's name.
Lemira saw the paperwork and grinned mischievously at her friend. "Looks like someone bought you a present."
Stella's cheeks flushed crimson. She looked up at Caleb. "Why did you do that? I don't need a gift this expensive! Plus, I don't even drive."
Because of her leg injury, Stella had always hated being behind the wheel.
Caleb's expression didn't change. "I'll drive you."
Lemira chuckled from the sidelines. "She's got a point. Why pass up a free, incredibly handsome chauffeur?"
Stella's heart began to hammer against her ribs, but something still felt off. Caleb wasn't the type to flash wealth or show off like this.
But this wasn't the time or place to interrogate him.
It wasn't until Caleb signed the final document and the rep handed over the keys that Dorian finally accepted the reality: the "broke bodyguard" had just bought the most expensive car in the showroom.
Dorian was practically suffocating on his own jealousy. "You're really throwing money around, Stella."
"You mean my bodyguard is throwing money around," she corrected smoothly.
"Whatever. As if a rent-a-cop could afford something like this on his own."
Lemira shot him a withering look. "Who said he was always a bodyguard? If you're this ignorant, do us all a favor and stop embarrassing yourself in public."
Dorian looked like he was about to blow a gasket. Thoroughly humiliated, he couldn't bear to stand there a second longer. He turned and stormed out of the showroom.
Stella burst into laughter. "I think Dorian might actually have an aneurysm."
Lemira was just relieved the arrogant jerk was finally out of her sight.
Stella turned to her. "Did you figure out what you want?"
Lemira hesitated. "I still want a standard, low-profile SUV."
"Why?"
"It plays better for the media. Looking modest and slightly pitiable is how you control the narrative right now."
It was a calculated PR move, but honestly, she also just wanted to keep her head down.
Caleb pointed toward the large glass windows. "There's a standard dealership right across the street. Want to check it out?"
Lemira nodded and headed for the exit.
Stella hung back for a second, grabbing Caleb's arm. "Seriously, where did you get all that money?"
If that idiot Dorian hadn't been standing there running his mouth, she never would have let Caleb buy the car.
Caleb pressed the heavy key fob into her palm, a rare, sly smirk crossing his face. "A sucker paid for it. Just make sure you take temira out for a spin to clear her head."
Stella stared down at the keys, the realization hitting her like a freight train.
Orion had paid for it.
She lowered her voice. "Why are you acting as his inside man?"
"I just sent him a picture and told him Lemira was admiring it. He bought it instantly."
"But why is my name on the title?"
Caleb shrugged calmly. "Don't worry about it. He volunteered."
Stella gave him a sideways glance. "Then why did you give it to me?"
"I don't need it."
Caleb was infuriatingly unfazed. Stella stole a glance at him. Did she look like someone who needed a supercar?
He had essentially extorted Orion Everhart for millions of dollars, then casually handed her the keys as a gift.
Still, gripping the leather fob, she couldn't deny she really wanted to take Lemira out for a ride.
They crossed the street to the other dealership, where Lemira quickly purchased a reliable, unassuming SUV.
Caleb looked at the two girls. "I'll drive the SUV back. You two take the sports car."
Stella panicked slightly. "I'm not comfortable driving that."
Lemira plucked the supercar keys from Stella's hand. "I'll drive it."
As Lemira fired up the roaring engine and pulled out onto the street with Stella in the passenger seat, Caleb snapped a quick photo of Lemira at the wheel He climbed into the SUV and followed close behind. 
Moment later, Orion's phone buzzed with the image. It was a shot of Lemira driving
the convertible, her hair whipping in the wind, looking profoundly burdened.
Back at the precinct, Mr. Alfred
approached Orion. "Mr. Everhart, the Langston family just contacted me to officially terminate my services and switch counsel
Orion frowned deeply. "The Langston family doesn't have the right to make that
call."
###Chapter 955
In Orion's eyes, the Langston family had long surrendered any right to make decisions on Lemira's behalf.
Thaddeus glanced at him. "Technically, the lawsuit is between the Langstons and the Sinclairs. And Lemira is still a Langston."
Orion set his phone face down on the table. "Contact Lemira directly. Her family doesn't get to dictate these terms."
No one knew better than Orion just how unreliable the Langston brothers truly were.
"Then why don't you contact her yourself?" Thaddeus shot back. "You're jumping through hoops to buy her a multimillion-dollar supercar in secret. Since when did you have the potential to be such a massive sucker?"
Orion offered a bleak, self-deprecating smile. "I have no other way to reach her right now. If throwing money at the problem could actually fix it, I wouldn't be sitting here tearing my hair out."
Thaddeus knew Lemira's temper well; she was incredibly headstrong.
"Look, if Lemira absolutely refuses to let Mr. Alfred represent her, it's going to be a disaster. Finding another lawyer willing to withstand the sheer pressure of taking on the Sinclair family won't be easy. They have deep roots and serious power in Orvin. Your average attorney will take one look at this case and run for the hills."
"Doesn't Mr. Alfred have an apprentice?" Orion asked quietly. "Have him take the case."
Orion knew Lemira would never trust him again, which meant she would automatically reject any lawyer he openly endorsed.
Thaddeus stared at him in disbelief. "Are you out of your mind? You want Alfred's apprentice to represent the prosecution, while Alfred himself defends the Everharts? Who do you think is going to win that matchup? Lemon isn't stupid."
"His apprentice isn't like that. In fact, he'll cherish the opportunity to finally go head- to-head with his old master in court."
Orion wasn't pulling this idea out of thin air. He had his reasons.
Thaddeus raised an eyebrow, considering it. "Fair point. Looking around, aside from Alfred's protégé, there isn't a single lawyer in the city qualified to go toe-to-toe with the old man anyway."
"Then it's settled. Make the arrangements," Orion ordered.
"Why don't you do it?"
"If I do it, she'll reject him out of principle. Find a way to make it seem organic so she accepts him on her own terms. We can't let the Langstons assign her some incompetent hack."
Thaddeus nodded. "Got it. Leave it to me."
This was exactly what best friends were for. Unlike that opportunist Caleb, who used
a crisis to extort a supercar out of Orion.
Meanwhile, Lemira's joyride in the convertible had been exhilarating, but the freezing autumn wind had significantly worsened her cold.
By the time she and Stella returned to the apartment, they were both sneezing uncontrollably.
Caleb sighed, looking entirely unamused. "I'll make ginger soup. You're both drinking a bowl."
Lemira collapsed onto the sofa, watching the tall bodyguard head into the kitchen. She nudged Stella and whispered, "Look at him. A boyfriend who can cook just i different 
"He's not my boyfriend."
Stella denied it, but she stared at the supercar key resting on the coffee table and
sighed. "Lemira, do you actually like the car?"
"It's gorgeous, but completely impractical for daily driving.
Honestly, I assumed you guys made it official, and Caleb was just buying you ridiculously expensive taken of his love. 
it
Stella shook her head. "We haven't made anything.official. But seriously, if you ever want to take it for a spin the keys are yours. What's mine is yours." 
Stella knew perfectly well that Orion had orchestrated the gift to lift Lemira's spirits.
Lemira shook her head. "Pass. It's way too cold for top-down driving right now. Plus, I'm already sick."
She paused, her tone sobering. "By the way, what did you want to tell me earlier about the Everhart family?"
"Mrs. Amanda is sick."
"She needs a kidney transplant, and Mrs. Amelia Sinclair happens to be a match?"
Stella's eyes widened in shock. "How did you know that?"
"I stopped by the Waverly estate yesterday. They filled me in."
A bitter, mocking light flashed in Lemira's eyes. "It's so beautifully tragic, isn't it?"
"It's insane! But honestly, I think something is wrong. How could the match be that convenient?"
Stella thought the whole situation felt too melodramatic even for a soap opera.
Lemira thought back to her encounter with Orion earlier that day. "I'm changing my lawyer."
"You're dropping Mr. Alfred? But he's the best! Though... I guess if the Everharts are involved now, he'll likely be defending Mrs. Amanda."
Stella finally understood why Lemira had made the call.
###Chapter 956
It was indeed an enormous conflict of interest.
Lemira looked at Stella. "Do you know any top-tier lawyers?"
"I'll ask around for you, but finding someone on Mr. Alfred's level who can step in immediately and has a clear schedule won't be easy."
"I know. Just do your best. Money is no ."
Lemira simply refused to rely on the Langston family. Any lawyer they hired would likely be bought off by the Sinclairs before the ink on the contract dried. She couldn't trust them.
At that moment, Caleb walked out of the kitchen carrying two massive, steaming bowls of ginger soup. "Drink."
Lemira took one sip and her eyes instantly watered from the intense, burning spice.
She gasped, "Did you put literally zero brown sugar in this?"
Caleb's face was completely deadpan. "We're out."
Stella took a cautious sip, and her entire face scrunched up in disgust. "This is awful."
Caleb glanced at her. "I'll go buy some."
The moment the door clicked shut behind the bodyguard, Lemira burst out laughing.
"I complain it's awful, and he says we're out. You complain, and he immediately
leaves to buy some. The sheer difference in treatment is staggering."
Stella blushed furiously. "You'll find someone who treats you just as well!"
Lemira's smile faltered slightly. "When all this is over... yeah, I'll definitely find someone who treats me right."
Realizing she had stepped on a sore subject, Stella hurried to correct herself. "There are plenty of great guys out there anyway!"
Lemira nodded, lifted the bowl, and chugged the violently spicy ginger soup in one long gulp.
She stood up, wiping her mouth. "I'm going to bed. I won't be out until morning, so don't worry about me."
Stella stared at Lemira's retreating back in awe. Didn't she just say it tasted awful? And she still downed the whole thing.
Thinking about Lemira's shattered relationship with Orion, Stella sighed quietly, wondering how much worse things would get once the trial began.
A short while later, Caleb returned. He noticed Lemira's empty bowl on the table.
He glanced at Stella's untouched soup. "Why haven't you finished yours?"
"It's awful. I can't force it down."
Stella noticed him staring at Lemira's empty bowl and quickly explained, "Lemira is going through a terrible breakup. Her tastebuds are practically numb to everything else right now if I were in her shoes, I'd probably chug it too." 
Caleb sat down across from her, his gaze intense. "And what's your excuse? Who broke your heart?"
His burning stare made Stella look away. "That jerk."
Caleb's jaw tightened. "Who are you calling a jerk?"
"Whoever feels guilty enough to answer to it." Caleb, "..."
Knowing he was fighting a losing battle, he grabbed her bowl, stirred in a generous scoop of the brown sugar he had just bought, and handed it back. "Try it now. Is it sweet enough?"
Stella took a sip. It was quite sweet. She offered a reluctant compromise. "I suppose it's no longer a biohazard."
After finishing her soup, she picked up her phone and made a call. "I need the best criminal litigator available. Money is absolutely not an issue. They need to be able to take the case right this second."
Caleb narrowed his eyes. "Why are you looking for a lawyer?"
"Not me. Lemira needs to replace hers."
Hearing this, Caleb casually pulled out his phone and texted Thaddeus the update.
Considering he had just extorted an incredibly expensive car out of Orion, he figured throwing them a bone was the least he could do.
The very next day, Stella forwarded a lawyer's profile to Lemira.
"This guy is Mr. Alfred's former protégé," Stella explained. "He runs his own firm now, completely independent of the Everhart Group. He's got a massive ego and a difficult personality. Whether you
can convince him to take your case
is entirely up to you."
Lemira felt a flicker of hesitation. "If he's Alfred's apprentice, is that really a smart move?"
"It's the smartest move. He's
brilliant, and he absolutely cannot be bought. If he cared about money over pride, he would have stayed at Everhart Group instead of gending, i it out on his own. He's pissed off half the billionaires in the city with his attitude, but his win rate is flawless." 
Lemira understood.
She headed straight to the man's law firm to meet the legendary rebel apprentice.
Sebastian Bennett wore a sharply tailored dark suit. He was tall, striking, and the gold-rimmed glasses resting on his nose gave him a ruthlessly elite aura.
He was, undeniably, very handsome.
He turned to Lemira, his eyes sweeping over her with a predatory, analytical gaze. "So, you're Orion Everhart's girlfriend?"
Lemira, "?"
Why did it feel like this man already had a personal vendetta against her?
###Chapter 957
Lemira forced a polite, though visibly strained, smile. "To be perfectly accurate, he is my ex-boyfriend."
She and Orion were done.
Sebastian arched an eyebrow, examining her critically. He clearly didn't believe a word she said.
He drawled, his tone dripping with condescension, "A man with Orion Everhart's wealth and status... and you didn't do everything in your power to lock him down? Breaking up with him? Are you out of your mind?"
Lemira's instinct was to fire back an equally vicious insult.
But remembering Stella's warnings about his eccentric personality, she bit her tongue and chose patience.
"The foundation of any relationship is honesty," she replied coolly. "He continuously lied to me. I saw no reason to stay in a relationship built on deceit."
"Wait, are you telling me you dumped him?"
Lemira nodded.
Technically, the night she ended it in the apartment, Orion had refused to accept the breakup.
But a breakup didn't require mutual consent.
So, by all logical definitions, yes, she had dumped Orion Everhart.
A wicked, highly amused gleam flashed in Sebastian's eyes. "I never thought I'd see the day."
Noticing the lawyer's obvious delight, Lemira grew suspicious. Did this man have a history with Orion?
That would explain why Mr. Alfred's most talented apprentice hadn't stayed at the Everhart Group to inherit the legal empire, choosing instead to build his own firm.
For her, this might actually be a massive advantage.
Suddenly, Sebastian's entire demeanor flipped. The condescension vanished, replaced by sharp professionalism. "A pleasure to meet you, Ms. Langston. I am Sebastian Bennett. Please forgive my earlier hostility; I needed to confirm whether this was just a petty lovers' quarrel and you were using my firm to make him jealous. No hard feelings."
"Has that happened to you before?" Lemira asked, genuinely curious.
Sebastian's expression stiffened for a fraction of a second before he smoothly denied it. "No."
Lemira was certain there was a story there. She made a mental note to interrogate Stella about it later; Stella always knew the elite gossip.
Wisely choosing not to press the issue and risk bruising his ego—which might result in him rejecting her case-she pivoted back to business.
"Mr. Bennett, I assume you're familiar with the broad strokes of my situation. Are you willing to take this case?"
"Hmph. If this were any other case, I'd throw you out. But given the unique...
variables of your situation, I'm willing to entertain it."
Going to war with his old master in court while simultaneously making a mockery of Orion Everhart? It was an irresistible proposition.
Lemira offered a genuine smile.
"Thank you. I'll get straight to the point, then. I have the preliminary case files with me; the complete, detailed records are st
with M
Alfred." 
FindNovel.net
"I'll handle the handover with my former master. But fair warning, Ms. Langston: my retainer is exorbitant."
"I know. Let's sign the contract."
Lemira wasn't about to flinch at a price tag right now.
She had millions of dollars at her disposal.
Sebastian smirked. As he signed his name on the dotted line, his expression carried a distinct, vengeful satisfaction.
Lemira finally understood why Stella had been so adamant about her coming here.
That gossip must have known about Sebastian's grudge and realized it made him the perfect weapon.
Without even glancing at the case files, Sebastian looked her dead in the eye. "Your lawsuit against the Sinclair family is straightforward. There's little suspense there. But I need you to understand that the biggest wild card in this courtroom will be the Everhart family." 
Lemira's face was completely stoic. "I know."
"If I take the offensive, I will absolutely tear the Everhart family to shreds on the
stand. I will show them no mercy. You need to be completely sure about this."
Lemira's jaw tightened. "My goal has never changed: Blood for blood."
Her gaze was unwavering.
Sebastian looked at her, his eyes flashing with a mix of respect and disbelief. You gave up a billionaire boyfriend just to pursue this lawsuit. You know that's a massive financial loss, right? If you used this leverage against Orion Everhart instead of taking him to court, you could easily secure your place in the highest echelons of society. I'm sure your parents would have been comforted to know you were provided for." 
###Chapter 958
"Shut up."
Lemira's gaze turned instantly glacial. "My parents are dead. The only thing that will bring them peace is watching their murderers face justice."
"You really are a hell-bent avenger. Good. That makes my job much easier."
Lemira stood up, smoothing the front of her jacket. "Mr. Bennett, since you are now my legal counsel, I highly suggest you stop testing my resolve. It makes you look incredibly unprofessional."
Sebastian scoffed lightly. "Don't worry, Ms. Langston. You'll see my professional capabilities soon enough in the courtroom. That is, after all, why you hired me."
"Excellent. Contact me immediately if you have any questions while reviewing the files."
Lemira turned and walked out of the office. With the lawyer situation finally settled, the crushing weight on her chest lifted slightly.
Stella was waiting in the reception area. Seeing Lemira emerge, she rushed forward. "How did it go?"
"It's done. He's taking the case."
"I knew he would!"
Lemira knew this wasn't the place to talk. She grabbed Stella's arm and they headed for the elevator.
Standing in the doorway of his office, Sebastian watched the two women leave. His eyes flicked to the tall, imposing man standing near them, who clearly moved like a bodyguard.
In a split second, the bodyguard's eyes locked onto Sebastian's. The man's gaze was predatory and dangerous.
Sebastian chuckled softly to himself. What exactly was Orion Everhart playing at?
Had Orion deliberately orchestrated Lemira coming to him?
Whatever the billionaire's twisted game was, Sebastian didn't care. He was going to give this war against the Sinclairs and the Everharts everything he had.
Outside the building, Lemira finally let her curiosity win.
She looked at Stella. "So, what's the actual beef between Attorney Bennett and Orion?"
"There's definitely bad blood, but
mostly rumors. I wasn't sure if it was
true. But since he signed the
ors are
contract that easily the rumors
Besike
probably spot on." 
"Spill it."
Stella glanced at Caleb, intentionally not lowering her voice. "A few years ago, Sebastian worked at the Everhart Group. Word is, he fell. for thisgirl, but the girl was obsessed with Orion. She strang Sebastian along, deliberately using m to make Orion jealous When Sebastian found out he was just a pawn, he exploded and quit the company on the spot." 
"Wow. Who was the girl?"
"No idea. I think Orion ultimately rejected her too, and she ended up leaving the company. Back then, the Sinclair sisters were constantly
hovering around Orion. They made sure no other women survived in his orbit." 
Over the years, many women had tried to get close to Orion, only to be covertly terrorized and driven away by the Sinclair family.
Eventually, every woman in their elite social circle learned that approaching Orion meant inviting the wrath of the Sinclairs.
Lemira had guessed the feud was personal, but she hadn't expected a messy love triangle.
She probed a little further. "So what happened to Sebastian and the girl?"
"Nothing. It ended there. Honestly, Sebastian is so arrogant and full of himself, what woman could actually tolerate him long-term?"
Lemira paused, thinking it over. "To be fair, ively speaking, Attorney Bennett is a total catch."
Stella grinned wickedly. "You know, if you ended up dating Attorney Bennett, it would absolutely destroy a certain someone."
Walking slightly ahead of them, Caleb stiffened visibly at the comment. He glanced back at the two women, feeling an overwhelming wave of sympathy for his boss.
Lemira knew exactly who Stella was referring to. She tilted her face up toward the autumn sun and said smoothly, "It's honestly not a bad idea."
Caleb mentally lit a candle for Orion.
It was going to be a blazing inferno of jealousy.
###Chapter 959
Once the representation agreement was locked in, Lemira called the Langston family to inform them of her decision.
Lucian answered almost immediately. "Lemmy, did you thoroughly vet this lawyer? He used to be Mr. Alfred's apprentice. Are you sure it's smart to hire him?"
"I vetted him. He's exactly who we need."
Asher's overbearing voice suddenly cut through the line. "Lemira, you're being played and you don't even realize it. That man has deep ties to the Everhart family! Whatever supposed grudge they have is likely just for show."
Lemira's tone turned frigid. "I don't need you to dictate how I handle my business."
"You are incredibly naive about how the real world works. You need to listen to your family on this!"
Lemira let out a sharp, mocking laugh. "If I had listened to my 'family' about everything, you'd all still be treating Evelina like a precious treasure. You probably would have died without ever realizing who the real murderers were!"
The brutal truth of her words hit Asher like a physical blow, leaving him completely speechless.
Lucian cleared his throat awkwardly. "Lemmy, we're just worried. The defense attorney has to be absolutely bulletproof, otherwise everything we've prepared will fall apart."
"I know what I'm doing. My legal counsel is solid. Just focus on your end of the plan, and make sure Evelina doesn't pull any stunts."
"You don't need to worry about that. We ran the paternity test-the baby is definitely Evander's. Evelina has literally nowhere else to go except the Langston estate."
Hearing the confirmation, Lemira felt a fleeting pang of disappointment.
She had honestly hoped the baby wasn't Evander's; the fallout from that scandal would have been spectacular to watch.
But this was fine too. At least Evelina was thoroughly trapped and couldn't cause any more external chaos.
Still, a lingering doubt gnawed at the back of Lemira's mind. Could the paternity test Lucian mentioned be faked? Was her family lying just to keep Evelina docile until the trial was over?
She quickly dismissed the thought. Ultimately, she didn't care whose child it was.
Lemira and Stella headed back to the university campus.
Standing outside the dorms, Caleb debated with himself for a few moments before finally deciding to relay the earlier conversation to Orion Whatever the billionaire chose to do with the information was entirely up to him. 
When Orion saw Caleb's message pop up in their private group chat, he sat frozen for a long time.
Thaddeus scoffed, breaking the silence. "Don't read into it, man. It's just Stella cracking jokes. Sebastian couldn't steal a girl from you back then, and he sure as hell can't do it now."
Orion frowned. "I didn't 'steal' anyone from him."
"Yeah, yeah, we know. The girl was a manipulative psycho who intentionally drove a wedge between you two. Lemon is way too smart to fall for Sebastian's charm."
Seeing Orion's continued, miserable
silence, Thaddeus pressed on.
"Besides, you're the one who orchestrated her going to Sebastian
in the first place! She signed the contract, the plan worked perfectly. Stop overthinking it." 
Orion's jaw tightened, but he didn't reply.
He stared at his phone, endlessly scrolling through his old text threads with Lemira, rereading every message, staring at every cute sticker she used to send him.
Now, she wouldn't even leave him on read.
Orion finally set the phone down. "Does the Al project have any tasks she specifically needs to handle?"
Thaddeus gave him a knowing look. "Yes, but look at you. You look like a walking corpse. Are you seriously going to show up to a meeting like that?"
He wanted to see her so badly he was abusing his corporate authority.
Orion finally picked up his fork and forced himself to eat.
Watching him, Thaddeus felt a wave of sympathy. Orion had been relentlessly punishing himself for days as if starving himself could somehow alleviate the suffocating guilt eating him alive. 
He desperately hoped this nightmare would end soon.
***
After returning to campus, Lemira headed straight for the Orvin University esports base.
###Chapter 960
It had been a while since she last visited. She had completely checked out of their training schedule.
"Captain, you're here!"
"Vice Captain, Lemira's back!"
As Lemira walked into the room, several heads turned. She spotted a few unfamiliar faces—likely new recruits who had joined recently.
Timothy's eyes lit up when he saw her. "What brings you by today?"
Lemira felt a twinge of guilt. "Just checking in. Honestly, I've been a terrible captain lately; you've been carrying the whole team. How is training going?"
"It's going great! Ever since we won the last tournament, we've recruited some fresh talent. The team's overall stats are looking stronger than ever."
Lemira nodded in approval. "Don't cut corners on the budget. Make sure the starting roster gets their full monthly bonuses."
The team dedicated an enormous amount of time to the game; they deserved to be compensated properly.
Timothy turned to the room, clapping his hands. "Listen up, everyone! You heard the Captain. The benefits are locked in, so let's keep pushing!"
The room erupted in cheers.
Lemira sat down and jumped into the training rotations. She sparred with everyone one-on-one, and unsurprisingly, not a single person could beat her.
She was in high spirits. "You've all improved drastically. I know this team is going to make it far."
"That's our Captain for you. Absolutely untouchable."
After wrapping up the session, Lemira pulled Timothy into the private office.
She looked at him seriously. "I want you to officially take over as Captain. I'm going to be incredibly busy moving forward, and I won't have the time or focus this team deserves."
"Is it because of what's happening with your family?"
The media had widely reported on the Langston family's scandals. Even though the trending topics had been suppressed, everyone in their circle knew she was going to war with the Sinclairs.
Lemira nodded. "Yes. You've been doing the job perfectly anyway. If you take the title officially, you'll have a much better shot at being scouted for the national team."
"Are you giving up on going pro?"
Lemira smiled softly. "No, I still want it. But I have to finish this war first. I'm going to be delayed, and I refuse to let my baggage drag your career down."
Timothy was quiet for a moment before nodding firmly. "I won't let you down."
Lemira let out a sigh of relief. "I know you won't. Let's announce the captaincy swap and tonight, dinner is on me. Let's celebrate
off-campus." 
She felt she owed them at least that much for being an absentee leader.
Timothy hesitated, looking at her intently. "Will you actually come back?"
"Of course. I told you, my ultimate goal is the national team."
"Good. Honestly, I really want to meet the legendary King. I want to see how I'd hold up in a real match against him."
Hearing that name, a sudden memory slammed into Lemira.
She remembered her past life, remembered Orion standing behind her, his hands guiding hers as ke patiently taught her the legendary 12-hit combo. 
Then, a wild, impossible theory exploded in her mind.
In her past life, Matthew Everhart had mysteriously dropped out right before the
grand finals. She had never understood why.
But Orion was Matthew's older brother.
Suddenly, every single puzzle piece snapped into place.
Orion was the legendary King.
He was the one who had personally taught her the 12-hit combo.
As the monumental realization washed over her, Lemira felt like the universe was
playing the cruelest joke on her.
Timothy noticed her stunned silence. "Are you okay?"
"...I'm fine."
Lemira snapped back to reality, forcing a breath. "We can worry about the future later. Go tell the later. Gofe team about dinner. I need to make a quick call to the administration to formalize the captaincy change." 
She had to push the paperwork through the school's system.
Timothy nodded and stepped out of the office. Before he closed the door, he threw
one last glance back at her.
He had heard the rumors that she dumped her billionaire boyfriend.
Did that mean he finally had a chance?
###Chapter 961
After finalizing the details with the university, Lemira Langston stepped down, officially taking on the role of Vice-Captain. Timothy was now the Captain.
The administration had offered to let her keep the title, but she couldn't stomach the idea of holding the position without putting in the actual work.
Timothy was the perfect fit. He had the skills and the natural leadership required for the job.
Lemira joined the team for a celebratory dinner at a restaurant across from the campus. The conversation naturally drifted toward their futures in the gaming industry.
Some dreamed of joining the national team, while others wanted to become full-time streamers.
Listening to their passionate aspirations, Lemira felt a sudden wave of nostalgia. Not too long ago, she had shared those exact same dreams.
Back then, her only goal was to break free from the Langston family and build an independent life.
But then she discovered the disturbing truth behind her parents' deaths, and everything shifted toward an intense, consuming investigation.
Even now, it was the only thing occupying her mind.
Once this chapter of her life was finally closed, she promised herself she would chase her own dreams again. She owed it to herself to make this second chance at life count.
By the time they finished dinner, it had gotten quite late.
As the group stepped out into the crisp night air, a sudden wave of dizziness hit Lemira.
She stumbled slightly. Timothy immediately reached out to steady her. "Are you okay?"
"Just a little dizzy. I'm fine."
"You've had a bit too much to drink."
Lemira remained silent. The suffocating weight of her emotions had gotten the better of her, leading her to drink more than she intended.
She knew her limits and usually avoided alcohol.
But as the cold breeze hit her face, the alcohol rushed straight to her head.
"Captain Jones, make sure you hold onto our goddess! Don't let her fall."
"Yeah, man, it's your job to play the knight in shining armor tonight."
It was an open secret that Timothy had feelings for Lemira. But she was entirely out
of his league, and with a billionaire secret boyfriend in the picture, she seemed utterly untouchable.
No one honestly believed he stood a chance.
But now that she had dumped the rich guy, the window of opportunity for Timothy was wide open.
Timothy ignored the teasing glances from his teammates. He carefully supported Lemira, his heart hammering wildly against his ribs.
He had never dared to make a move before, painfully aware of the massive gap between them.
But now, if he could just stay by her
side and help her win the
championship, maybe she would
fire
see him as more than just a
teammate. 
The mere thought made his pulse race.
As the group of young students crossed the street, a sleek luxury car sat idling by
the curb.
Walking past it, Timothy felt a
sudden chill. He glanced over his et
shoulder and locked eyes with a Staking, predatory gaze staring from backseat. 
the
Was that Lemira's billionaire ex-boyfriend?
Timothy tightened his jaw. A flicker of intimidation hit him, but he refused to back down. They were broken up, after all.
As long as Lemira didn't push him away, he wasn't going to let go of her arm.
Inside the car, Orion Everhart watched Lemira walk past, leaning heavily against another man.
A raw, consuming jealousy flared in his chest, instantly incinerating whatever logic he had left.
Orion shoved the door open and strode toward them, his expression thunderous.
He stopped right in front of Lemira, fixing a lethal glare on the younger man. "Let her go."
Dressed in a sharply tailored dark suit, Orion was strikingly handsome, exuding a heavy, dominant aura that demanded absolute submission.
Compared to the college students, his sheer presence was suffocatingly powerful. The group of friends froze, their eyes wide with unspoken panic as they stared at him.
They all knew who this man was-Lemira's immensely powerful and obscenely wealthy ex.
Swallowing his nerves, Timothy stood his ground. "I'm taking her back to her dorm."
A cruel, mocking smirk touched Orion's lips. "I'll be taking her. Take your hands off her."
"Aren't you two broken up? She
al
came out with us tonight, which means it's my responsibility to get her home safely I'm not letting her leave with you." 
Timothy kept his voice remarkably firm.
Orion's face turned to stone, a dark, dangerous tension radiating from him.
The suffocating pressure was almost too much for Timothy to bear.
One of the teammates finally cracked under the tension. "Let it go, Captain. Maybe
they're just having a lover's quarrel?"
###Chapter 962
Her billionaire ex had shown up in person, making it glaringly obvious that he wasn't ready to let her go.
With a man like that in the picture, no one else stood a chance.
But Timothy stubbornly refused to step back, glaring up at Orion. "You should ask Lemira what she wants."
Orion wanted nothing more than to lay the kid out with a single punch, but he forced himself to look at Lemira instead.
Lemira's head was spinning, the argument sounding like muted buzzing in her ears.
She blinked up and met Orion's gaze. Her brow furrowed in deep annoyance. "I must be completely wasted to be hallucinating a face I hate this much."
Orion stiffened, completely at a loss for words.
A rush of vindication hit Timothy. "See? She doesn't want to go with you. She hates you."
Orion was already seething from her blatant rejection, and the kid's smug attitude pushed him right over the edge.
He reached out, possessively yanking Lemira into his chest, and shot Timothy a lethal glare. "I'm warning you. Stay the hell away from her."
Shoved backward, Timothy bristled with frustration. "Let her go."
Without breaking a sweat, Orion slammed him into the pavement with one hand.
The sheer physical dominance of a fully grown, athletic man was undeniable. Orion wasn't just wealthy; he was lethal in a fight.
Looking utterly defeated, Timothy stared up at Lemira. "Are you really going to go with him?"
Lemira looked at Orion and shook her head vehemently. "No, I'm not going with him. We're done."
She couldn't stand the sight of him.
Orion's arm tightened like a vice around her waist, pulling her flush against his hard body. "I never agreed to a breakup, Lemira. That means you're still mine. Nobody is taking you from me."
He absolutely forbade it.
His voice was low, laced with absolute authority. "Listen to me, Lemira. I will never accept this breakup."
"What makes you think you get a say?"
Lemira slapped him hard across the cheek, but Orion didn't even flinch. He simply scooped her into his arms and carried her toward his car.
He couldn't stomach the thought of her with someone else. Just seeing it made him feel utterly deranged.
"Let me go! I'm not going anywhere with you!"
Lemira kicked and thrashed against him, fighting with every ounce of strength she had.
But he effortlessly pinned her wrists, overpowering her completely as he dumped her into the back seat.
Desperate Timothy scrambled up
and charged at the car. "Mr.
Everhart, she doesn't want to
Taking her against her will iso
kidnapping!" 
Orion turned around, his eyes turning murderous. "Get the hell out of here."
Caught in that terrifying, predatory glare, Timothy froze in his tracks.
His teammates quickly grabbed his arms, pulling him back. "Let's just go, man. Leave it."
"Don't do something stupid."
Timothy stood completely paralyzed, forced to watch as the luxury car sped off into the night with Lemira trapped inside.
"Call the cops. We have to call the cops," Timothy ground out, furious.
"Are you insane? It's just a couple having a fight. Even if you call the cops, there's nothing they can do to a guy like him."
"Yeah, he's the Everhart heir. Nobody touches that family."
Timothy clenched his fists in helpless rage. "But they're broken up!"
"Lemira is incredible. Half the campus wants to date her, but no one has a death wish."
"Let it go, Captain. A girl like Lemira isn't meant for ordinary guys like us."
It wasn't just her terrifyingly wealthy ex. Lemira herself was simply on another level.
While everyone else was struggling
to survive midterms, she had already built
successful company and was stting on millions of dollars. 
She existed in a completely different universe.
Timothy ground his teeth together. He wasn't going to give up that easily.
Inside the speeding car, Lemira was furious.
She shoved hard against Orion's chest. "What the hell are you doing?"
He leaned in close, pinning her with a desperate stare. "I won't let you be with anyone else. Do you hear me?"
Though the alcohol clouded her senses, her mind was razor-sharp.
She let out a dry, bitter laugh. "We're over. Who I see is none of your
business. Did you really thinkel ne
750
could lie to me like that and fa just, stay with you?" 
###Chapter 963
Lemira glared at him, trembling with so much rage she wanted to rip him to shreds. Orion's expression was agonizingly tight. "Yes. I was that greedy."
If he hadn't been so selfish, if he hadn't been paralyzed by the terrifying thought of losing her, he would have told her the truth ages ago.
But he couldn't find the courage, dragging the lie out until it shattered in his face.
He had waited until the choice was violently ripped away from him.
Lemira slapped him again. Just like before, he took the hit without flinching.
Orion gently caught her stinging hand. "If hitting me makes you feel better, do whatever you want. I'd give you my life if you asked for it."
Looking at his strikingly handsome face so close to hers, she wrenched her gaze away. "I don't want your life. It means nothing to me. You stood there and watched my parents die, didn't you?"
The words tore from Orion's throat, thick with agony. "I'm so sorry."
"If apologies actually fixed anything, we wouldn't need the police. Did you
orchestrate this whole relationship just to earn my forgiveness so the Everhart family would get off the hook?"
She stared at him, tears welling up in her eyes.
Every tear, every venomous word was a blade twisting brutally in his chest.
Seeing her on the verge of breaking, whatever possessive anger he had felt completely evaporated.
He gripped her shoulders, his touch utterly defeated. "I know how angry you are. But I didn't get close to you just to secure your forgiveness. I only ever wanted to make things right for you."
"That's because you planned on keeping the truth buried forever! You never expected me to dig it up on my own!"
Lemira was lashing out, weaponizing every ounce of her pain to keep him at a distance.
A spark of hurt flashed in Orion's eyes. "Is that really what you think of me?"
"You committed the crime, but you can't handle the accusation?"
She threw the words like daggers. "You watched me desperately search for the truth. You knew I was hunting for the people in that car, and you stood by and said absolutely nothing. Why did you even pull me out of the wreckage in the first place?"
Orion froze, his breath hitching. "You remember what happened?"
A bitter, mocking laugh escaped her lips. "Are you scared?"
He pressed his lips together, his voice tight. "No. I'm glad."
At least now the paralyzing dread of her finding out was finally over.
She shoved him away. "You kept the fact that you saved my life a secret. Were you saving it as your trump card for the trial? Hoping to be so grateful I'd let your family walk away clean?" 
FindNovel.net
"Lemira, I swear to God I never thought that."
"Then why didn't you say anything?!"
It was the question that had been eating her alive.
The moment Evelina Sterling revealed he had been in the car that night, she wanted
to scream at him and demand an explanation.
Why would he lie to her?
Her furious glare burned into him, incinerating whatever defenses he had left.
Orion's voice broke, soft and dangerously close to shattering. "Because I was terrified of losing you."
From the moment he was born, the world had been handed to him on a silver platter.
He lacked nothing, his life a seamless stretch of absolute privilege.
Until that horrific night. Watching innocent people die while a little girl sobbert hysterically in his arms had scarred hot completely plunging him into years of inescapable nightmares. 
She had lived in his heart ever since. He could never let her go.
That was why he had finally sought her out when she grew up just to see if she
was okay, to see if there was any way he could protect her.
But the moment he got close to her, he lost complete control of his own heart.
Lemira slowly reached up, her fingertips grazing his jaw. "If I had the choice, I wish I
had never met you. I wish you had never saved my life."
Desperate for her touch, Orion leaned into her palm, but she coldly snatched her hand away.
His chest went entirely hollow.
She angrily swiped at her tears. "The second I found out you were in that car, Orion, you should have known this was over."
"You know what my mother is like, Lemira. Mrs. Amelia manipulated her. Amanda had no idea what she was doing."
"But the Everhart family was happy
to help cover it up, weren't they?
They erased your
involvement And,
they certainly enjoyed the massive profits from the Sinclair family's projects afterward, didn't they?" 
###Chapter 964
"She truly didn't know," Orion rasped, his voice straining.
"Does her ignorance wipe the slate clean? Is her not knowing going to magically bring my parents back from the dead?"
Consumed by a suffocating wave of rage, she fired the cruelest words she could find.
The moment they left her mouth, a flicker of regret hit her.
But she kept her gaze hard. "Do you honestly think I'm going to blindly believe a word you say anymore? If you want to play the hero and protect Amanda, go right ahead. But leave me out of it."
She would never agree to a settlement.
In her past life, these monsters had gotten away with it. Her parents' true cause of death had been buried forever, and she had died miserably.
Meanwhile, the real killers had lived in absolute luxury.
It was sick. It was unfair.
Lemira glanced at the front seat. "Pull over."
The driver remained perfectly rigid, too terrified of his boss to obey.
She turned a scorching glare onto Orion. "Let me out of this car."
"No. I'm not letting you go."
It was an immediate, guttural response. He physically couldn't let her walk away.
He had forced himself to stay away these past few days, praying that once the trial was over, the agonizing distance between them would close.
But seeing her out with another man tonight had shattered every ounce of logic he possessed. He didn't care about the consequences anymore.
Lemira gritted her teeth. "What exactly is your endgame here?"
"We are not breaking up."
A cynical laugh tore from her throat. "Are you even listening to yourself?" Orion's eyes were dark and utterly resolute. "I know exactly what I'm saying." Clenching her jaw, Lemira threw a vicious punch right at his face.
She put her entire body weight into it, her knuckles colliding brutally with his nose.
Fueled by sheer adrenaline and fury, she didn't hold back. A sickening crack echoed in the confined space of the car.
The luxury car instantly swerved and slammed on the brakes.
Seizing the opportunity, Lemira threw the door open, the driver's panicked shout ringing in the air. "Boss! Are you alright? You're bleeding!"
She didn't look back once. She hailed a passing cab and disappeared into the night.
Sinking into the back of the taxi, she rubbed her throbbing knuckles. They ached terribly.
But the physical sting was nothing compared to the suffocating agony tearing apart her chest.
He deserved it.
She felt absolutely no remorse.
He was the one who had taught her how to throw a punch like that. He had taught her how to take down her enemies.
She had been such a diligent student, never imagining that he would be the first person she used it on.
The irony was suffocating.
When Lemira returned to her apartment, the first thing she saw in the entryway was a pair of his shoes.
The dam broke. Everything she had been desperately holding back came crashing down.
She collapsed onto the floor and sobbed until she was entirely empty, her throat raw and aching.
Pulling herself together, she picked up the shoes and shoved them into the trash.
Their lives were never supposed to cross paths in the first place.
If that horrific crash hadn't
happened, her parents would still be would
alive. None of this nightmare be
have ever started. 
MS
The next morning, Lemira forced herself out of bed and got ready for classes as
usual.
Out of pure muscle memory, she glanced at the dining table,
expecting to see the lavish brot
Orion always arranged for her. 
It was entirely empty.
A brief pang of misery hit her chest, but she swallowed it down and composed herself.
She would get over him.
Arriving on campus, she headed straight to the team's headquarters to finish up some leftover administrative paperwork.
Pushing open the door, she found a familiar face waiting for her: Michel, the manager for the Reapers.
It had been quite a while since they last crossed paths.
Michel gave her an easy smile. "I heard you stepped down as Captain. Thought I'd swing by and see if I could poach you."
Lemira offered a polite smile. "Let's talk in the office."
She had been meaning to ask him something anyway.
Once they were settled, Lemira got straight to the point. "I have no intention of
joining another team right now."
"Really? That's a damn shame."
Lemira locked eyes with him. "I need you to tell me something. Who is King?"
Michel clicked his tongue. "If you're asking me like that, you've already figured it out, haven't you?"
Her gaze dropped to her hands. "It's Orion, isn't it?"
"Yeah. It's him."
The confirmation settled heavily in
the
chai m
Lemira leaned back in her
Lovel
a bitter, desolate smile touching her tips, 
FindNovel.net
It was really him.
The man she had hopelessly idolized and crushed on in her past life... was him.
###Chapter 965
Deep down, she had suspected it for a while, but she had never dared to fully piece it together.
Timothy shared the same in-game moniker as Orion, just on a different server, which had muddied the waters.
But with Michel flat-out confirming that Orion was King, there was no more room for doubt.
The legendary player who had taught her the deadly twelve-hit combo in her past life was Orion.
The mysterious benefactor who had wired her a massive sum when she was utterly destitute, giving her a desperate second chance at survival, was also him.
But that entire lifetime of misery had stemmed from the day her parents were slaughtered.
And he had known the truth the entire time, yet he had stood by in agonizing silence.
A heavy, suffocating weight settled on her chest. She remained silent for a long time.
The truth was, she didn't know how to look at him anymore. Running away was the only way she knew how to cope.
Reading the devastation on her face, Michel spoke gently. "Lemira, I didn't hide it to mess with you. I swore I wouldn't tell a soul. I even had to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement."
"Then why are you spilling it now?"
"I figured, given how serious things are between the two of you, you had the right to know."
Her voice was devoid of emotion. "We're broken up. We have no relationship."
Michel hesitated before pushing on. "Look, back in the day, gaming meant the world to him. It was his only outlet. He was groomed to be the heir from the second he could walk. His whole life was studying and corporate training. He didn't get to be a kid."
"Why are you telling me this?"
"Just hear me out. Treat it like a story. The game was his only escape. It was the only time he wasn't just 'the heir.' But then he went down to Lyria for a tournament, and there was an accident. After that, he quit the scene entirely."
Lemira's eyes snapped up. "That accident was my parents' crash, wasn't it?"
"Yeah. Because of who he was, his family wiped his presence from the scene entirely. Nobody knew the 'accident' was actually a hit orchestrated by the Sinclair family."
A cynical smirk crossed Lemira's face. "You didn't come here to recruit me. You came here to play peacemaker."
"Lemira, I'm just trying to tell you that he isn't the monster you think he is. The Sinclairs played him just as much as they played everyone else."
She didn't want to hear it.
She spun her chair away. "Get out."
Michel lingered, struggling to find the right words. "In all the years I've known him, you're the only person I've ever seen him care about this much."
"He cares because he's drowning in guilt. Because he wanted to buy my silence so I wouldn't come after the Everharts His care is a traps can't afford the price." 
She glared at Michel and pointed sharply at the door. "Leave."
Her hand trembled violently as she dropped it to her lap. Her chest was completely tied in knots.
Letting out a heavy sigh, Michel turned and walked out.
As he exited, he spotted Timothy lingering in the hallway, but merely walked past without a word.
Timothy looked entirely shell-shocked. Orion Everhart was actually King?
The god of the gaming world—the idol he had worshipped for years was the same guy he had just tried to physically challenge for a girl.
Shaking it off, Timothy stepped into the office. "Are you okay after last night? Do you want to call the police? The whole team can testify for you."
Despite his shock, his fierce loyalty shone through.
Lemira looked up, her eyes rimmed with red. "It's fine. Don't worry about it."
A flash of bitter disappointment
crossed Timothy's face. Why wouldn't she go to the cops? Was she still too attached to the
billionaire to ruin his life? 
But he didn't have the right to demand answers, and he certainly didn't have the power to protect her.
Burying his frustration, he offered a supportive smile. "We're your friends. If you need anything, just say the word."
Lemira pulled a stack of signed documents from her desk. "Once you sign these the Captain title is officially yours. Keep pushing Timothy. Make sure you snag that spot on the national team 
She slid the folder across the desk and grabbed her bag to leave.
###Chapter 968
A dark, cynical smirk touched Lemira's lips. "Because the Sinclairs didn't have the deep pockets or the political clout to bury a double homicide on their own, did they?"
"Exactly. I handed them the perfect cover-up on a silver platter," Amanda confessed, sounding completely hollow. "Looking back on it now... our car breaking down, a Sinclair executive just happening to drive past... it was all too convenient. I was entirely blinded by my friendship with Amelia. It never even crossed my mind that the entire evening was a calculated trap to manipulate us into finishing their dirty work."
As she laid out the devastating truth, Amanda's voice was frail and ghost-like.
The physical agony of her failing kidneys paled in comparison to the soul-crushing realization that the woman she considered a sister had weaponized her trust to orchestrate a murder.
A heavy, suffocating silence filled the luxury car.
Having absorbed every twisted detail, Lemira locked eyes with her. "Then why did Orion suddenly come looking for me?"
"Because he was drowning in guilt. He internalized all of it, convinced that rushing the driver to beat the light was what triggered the collision. He's been an exceptional leader for the company these past few years, but I've always known the one thing he couldn't forgive himself for was leaving you behind."
Amanda looked at her with desperate sincerity. "He only wanted to make sure you were safe. That was all."
Lemira gave a slow nod. "But now you know it was never an accident. The Sinclairs set you up."
"Yes. And they will pay dearly for what they've done," Amanda vowed, her tone turning steel-hard. "As for my own crimes, I am fully prepared to face the legal consequences for obstruction of justice. You don't need to worry about that."
Lemira stared at the critically ill woman. "But Mrs. Amelia is the only viable kidney donor you have right now. Aren't you terrified of dying?"
"Of course I am. But I absolutely refuse to let those monsters use my life as a bargaining chip anymore. If I cave, it's Orion who will pay the price. I won't let my catastrophic lapse in judgment destroy what you two have."
At that, Lemira's gaze dropped to her lap. "We're completely done."
"Oh, sweetheart, I know how deeply you cared for each other. He loves you so much. I can't bear the thought that my sins are the reason you're walking away."
"Didn't you practically beg me to leave him just a few weeks ago? This sudden change of heart is giving me whiplash."
Lemira frowned, struggling to understand the woman's true angle.
"I've always adored you, Lemira. The only reason pushed you away was because of the crash. I knew that the moment you dug up the truth the hatred would destroy you both. I thought forcing a clean break would spare you the worst of the agony." 
Amanda reached out, her eyes shining. "But you refused to let him go, and have no right to stand in your way anymore. He had no part in the cover-up, Lemira. He's innocent. I will shoulder the entirety of the blame." 
Hearing the absolute desperation in her voice left Lemira feeling entirely hollow.
The truth was, the Everhart family's involvement in the actual crash was surprisingly mundane.
They had been played like absolute fools by the Sinclairs.
What truly shattered Lemira wasn't the crash tself-it was the profound, suffocating betrayal, Orion had been her rock, the one person in the world she trusted implicitly, and he had fed her a beautiful lie. 
"You have my word, I will not cut a deal with Amelia for that kidney. I'm going straight
to the authorities, and I will ensure Orion doesn't lift a finger to bail them out."
Lemira didn't look up. She kept her eyes glued to her own hands.
Amanda gently took her hands, her skin feeling alarmingly cold and clammy to the touch.
"Please, let the sins of the past die with my generation. Don't let my mistakes ruin what you two have built. Don't leave him. He's been in absolute agony these past few weeks."
Lemira tried to pull away, but the frail woman held on with a desperate, surprising strength.
Lemira pressed her lips into a tight line. "You're only his stepmother. Why are you willing to go to prison for him?"
"Because he is a wonderful son. I made a promise to his father that I would protect him no matter what."
A tear finally spilled over Amanda's cheek. "Consider it the dying wish of an old woman. Please?"
The request was like an anvil dropping onto Lemira's chest.
It was a weight she simply couldn't carry.
###Chapter 969
The suffocating silence stretched out, every passing second dripping with agonizing tension.
Slowly, deliberately, Lemira slid her hands free. "I'm sorry. I can't do that."
"Why not? What else do you need? I'll give you anything you want. I'll tear the Sinclair family apart myself!"
Lemira met her frantic gaze. "Aunt Amelia was your closest friend for decades. Do you honestly have it in you to destroy her?"
A flicker of raw, painful conflict crossed Amanda's eyes. "If you promise to stay with Orion, I will burn her to the ground."
"I don't need you to fight my battles. We have the paper trail. We have the witnesses. She'll face the music on her own."
Lemira looked at the trembling woman. "Focus on your treatment. Mr. Alfred is the best in the business. Even if you're convicted of obstruction, he'll ensure it's a suspended sentence given your medical history."
Amanda had been completely manipulated. With a powerhouse lawyer like Mr. Alfred handling her defense, she was practically guaranteed leniency.
"Lemira... I am so, so sorry."
Tears streamed freely down Amanda's pale face. "I know my motives were entirely selfish, but I've wanted to apologize to you properly for years."
Lemira gave her one last, emotionless look. "You owed me that much."
Pushing the door open, she stepped out into the freezing wind, the sharp chill instantly clearing the heavy fog in her mind.
Looking at the stark, barren branches of the winter trees, she felt a profound sense of desolation.
She had always vastly preferred the summer. The heat was oppressive, but at least it felt alive.
In her past life, winter had been an absolute nightmare. Locked away in that psychiatric ward, her abusers had deliberately cut the heating, leaving her shivering with agonizing frostbite that cracked and bled.
The sheer despair she felt in those moments was unimaginable.
Unconsciously, she rubbed the back of her hand—the exact spot where the worst of the frostbite had always blistered.
In this life, her skin remained perfectly smooth.
This time, she wasn't the one who was going to break.
She climbed into her massive Standard SUV and drove off. The sight of a young, stunning woman maneuvering such an aggressive vehicle was striking, yet it suited her perfectly.
Arriving at the Maple Group skyscraper, she pulled into the underground garage.
Staring up at the towering glass facade, a wave of surreal gratitude washed over her. In her past life, everything she had built had been ruthlessly stolen. But here, with the backing of the Maple Group, her tech had finally seen the light of day. 
Even if it stung, she knew she owed Orion a massive debt for making that possible.
Striding into the lobby, she forcefully compartmentalized the emotional wreckage of her personal life. She was here to work.
In this world, you couldn't exact revenge or rebuild your life without absolute financial independence.
Retaining a titan like Mr. Alfred had practically drained her entire bank account.
But if the launch of the Maple Group Gen-2 Al Prosthetics hit its target metrics, her royalty checks were going to be astronomical.
If the company successfully went public, she would have enough wealth to rival any legacy family.
It wouldn't put her on Orion's level of sickening billionaire wealth, but it was more
than enough to secure her freedom forever.
For the next several hours, she
buried herself in software
schematics and beta-tester
feedback with her engineering team,
completely losing track of time.
As evening rolled around, the department agreed to head out for celebratory drinks.
But the moment Lemira stepped out of the conference room with her colleagues,
she froze. A painfully familiar silhouette was standing in the corridor.
Orion was deep in conversation with Thaddeus Draven, reviewing a tablet.
What caught everyone's attention, however, was his face. His striking jawline was marred by a heavy dark bruise, and his nose was firmly set in a medical splint. 
An instant, suffocating tension flooded the hallway.
Coming face-to-face with him again, Lemira forced her expression into an impassive mask.
She vividly remembered throwing the punch, fueled by pure, unadulterated rage, but she hadn't paid attention to where it landed.
She just knew she had aimed directly for his irritatingly perfect face.
It looked like she had done serious damage. Did she actually break his nose?
Her eyes darted away instantly. Was he here to exact some kind of billionaire vengeance on her?
She wasn't terrified. He was the one who practically tried to kidnap her in the first place.
###Chapter 970
They were completely done.
And this wasn't exactly their first rodeo. She had dumped him once before.
Orion had been hyper-focused on the conference room door the entire time, entirely aware that she was just on the other side.
She was the sole reason he was here.
Broken nose and all, he hadn't hesitated for a second to come see her.
Noticing the awkward standoff, Thaddeus quickly stepped in with a charismatic grin. "Heading out for drinks, right? I've already booked the VIP lounge downstairs. First round is on me!"
While the engineering team erupted in cheers, Lemira kept her gaze stubbornly fixed on the floor, remaining entirely silent.
She shuffled quietly back to her desk alongside her coworkers to pack up her things.
"Did you see his face?" one of the developers whispered urgently. "He looks like he got hit by a truck."
"Someone definitely clocked him. Who the hell has the absolute death wish required to punch a guy like him?"
The developer turned directly to Lemira. "Do you know what happened?"
It was common knowledge around the office that she was dating the elusive CEO. If
a punch like that ruined his ridiculously good looks, it would be an absolute tragedy. Lemira cleared her throat, feigning total ignorance. "No idea."
She certainly wasn't about to admit she had been the one to rearrange his nose.
As she grabbed her bag and walked toward the elevators, she could feel a heavy, predatory stare boring directly into her spine.
Orion's dark gaze was indeed tracking her every move.
Thaddeus clapped him on the shoulder. "Stop creeping. You can stare at her all you want over dinner."
Orion's jaw tightened. "Amanda spoke to her today."
Thaddeus's hand froze. "What did she say?"
"I don't know."
He watched her retreating figure with a desperate, starved intensity, yet he was utterly terrified to take a single step closer.
Thaddeus rolled his eyes. "You practically got your face caved in. Give it a rest. Amanda probably just went to clear the air about the crash and put in a good word for you."
Orion fell silent for a beat. "We found an alternative kidney match."
"Are you serious? Thank God. The Sinclairs' sick little blackmail scheme is officially dead in the water."
A massive grin split Thaddeus's face. No wonder Orion had the guts to show up here today. He had secured the winning hand.
Meanwhile, Lemira politely excused herself from the group. She had zero intention of attending the team dinner.
The reason was simple: she couldn't stomach the thought of spending an entire evening breathing the same air as Orion.
Especially not right after her emotionally exhausting confrontation with his stepmother.
Stepping into the elevator, she reached to press the lobby button when a large, impeccably manicured, hand suddenly blocked the sliding doors. A tall, sharply dressed man stepped inside. 
His striking features were entirely flawless, save for the dark bruising across his
cheek and the heavy splint over his nose.
Lemira's breath hitched. She hadn't expected him to be this bold.
Shoving the doors open completely, Orion stepped into the confined space, his gaze heavy and brooding as he looked down at her.
Under his intense, suffocating stare, she bristled defensively. What the hell was he trying to pull?
Just as she opened her mouth to snap at him, he closed the distance between them.
Lemira watched him advance, a sharp flicker of caution in her eyes, but she refused to back down or look away.
"Not joining the dinner?" His low, husky voice resonated in the tight space.
She fixed her gaze stubbornly on her shoes, fully committed to ignoring his existence.
Knowing exactly how stubbolet
was, Orion swallowed his
frustration. "It's a company celebration. Are your feally going to play the antisocial card tonight?" 
"Since when is my schedule any of your business?"
Her voice dripped with raw irritation. For a guy she had just dumped, he certainly had a lot of opinions.
Leaning casually against the stainless steel wall, Orion stared down at her. "Are you avoiding me?"
Catching the infuriatingly smug undertone in his voice, she snapped her head up. "Don't flatter yourself."
"If you aren't avoiding me, why are you sneaking out alone instead of leaving with your team?"
Utterly provoked, Lemira grabbed two fistfuls of his expensive shirt collar and yanked him downward. "Are you asking for another-"
Just then, with a soft ding, the elevator doors slid wide open-having never left the engineering floor.
Standing right in the hallway was the
entire software department,
completely frozen as they stared in
absolute shock at bemira
aggressively manhandling the billionaire CEO. 
###Chapter 971
At that moment, Lemira felt the air thicken with suffocating awkwardness.
She hadn't expected the elevator to still be on this floor. She must have forgotten to press the button, otherwise it should have been down in the basement parking garage by now.
Glancing sideways at her coworkers, she could easily read the varying expressions on their faces.
The next second, Orion seamlessly slipped his hand into hers. He looked up at the group waiting outside. "My apologies. My girlfriend was just playing a joke on me." Lemira tried to yank her hand back, but the bastard's grip was unrelenting.
As her coworkers filed into the tight space, she could only force a stiff, polite smile.
The ride down was painfully silent, though it was impossible to guess what was running through everyone's minds.
The doors finally dinged open at the basement level.
Her colleagues quickly shuffled out, heading off together toward their dinner reservations.
Lemira aggressively wrenched her hand free and stormed out, but the man followed right on her heels.
Marching over to her Standard SUV, she whipped around to glare at him. She was at the end of her rope, and her eyes sent a very clear message.
Orion simply braced one hand casually against her car door. "It's on my way. I'll ride with you."
"But I don't want to take you."
Seeing the genuine flash of anger in her eyes, his voice dropped low. "I know my stepmother came to see you. Can we talk?"
Lemira fell silent for a moment. Noticing her coworkers casting curious glances their way, she finally relented and climbed into the driver's seat.
Orion took the hint, settling into the passenger side. He glanced around the interior. "This Standard SUV feels a bit rugged for you."
Lemira kept her face entirely blank. "I like it."
Leaning back, he looked over at her. "If Amanda said anything out of line, don't take it to heart. You need to do what's best for you. Don't change your plans for anyone else."
"You really know how to make yourself sound noble, don't you?"
She regretted the sharp words the moment they left her mouth.
Orion kept his gaze steady on her profile. "What exactly did you two talk about?"
"Nothing much. Mrs. Amanda came to apologize, and she took the time to clear your name, insisting you were innocent. Poma stepmother she really is incredibly devoted to you." 
Lemira kept the rest to herself. Amanda had sworn she would rather die than accept
a kidney from Mrs. Amelia, and that she would never do the Sinclair family any favors.
But to Lemira, words were just words.
Could anyone really face death with such absolute calm? And even if Amanda was willing to make that sacrifice, would the rest of the Everhart family actually allow it? Orion absorbed the information with a faint nod. "She really was good to me."
It was a simple truth. His own mother had passed away when he was young, and Amanda had genuinely filled that void in his life.
The silence in the car grew heavy.
Finally, Orion broke it. "Do you want to know what your parents said right before they died?"
Lemira tensed, her grip tightening on the steering wheel. "Tell me."
"When I rushed over to pull you out, the car was already reeking of gasoline and smoke. Your parents were desperately lifting you up from wreckage. They begged me
the wr
save you first." 
It was a memory that haunted Orion's darkest nights, replaying behind his eyelids when he couldn't sleep.
Lemira pulled the SUV over to the curb. Her hands were shaking too much to keep driving.
She turned to look at him, her voice barely a whisper. "And then the car exploded. Right?"
"I only had enough time to get you clear. If I had even a fraction of a second more, I would have gone back for them."
Looking into his guilt-ridden eyes, Lemira knew he was telling the truth.
She gave a small nod. "So, that was the last thing they ever said?"
"Yes. But in that moment, their entire world was you. All they wanted was for you to live. You don't have to carry this guilt anymore. It was a premeditated murder not an accident. And it wasn't your fault." 
Tears stung Lemira's eyes as she turned her face toward the window. "I know. I'm not going to blame myself."
She had blamed herself in the past, carrying the weight of their deaths on her shoulders.
And back then, Orion had been the one by her side, comforting her through the darkest moments.
Taking a deep breath to force the overwhelming grief back down, she looked at him again. "Is that it?"
Orion looked a little uncomfortable. "That's all of it."
###Chapter 972
"It was really fun keeping me in the dark, wasn't it? You were King this whole time, not to mention the Everhart heir, and you just hid it all. I don't even know who the man I fell for actually was."
Lemira stared at the man sitting beside her. They had been together for so long, yet in this moment, he felt like a total stranger.
But the worst part was, despite it all, she still loved him.
Lemira kind of hated herself for that.
Orion's gaze turned bleak. "Every part of that was still me."
"Bullshit!"
She glared at him, pointing at the door. "Get out."
He didn't move an inch. "We haven't reached the restaurant yet."
"I lost my appetite."
She genuinely had no desire to sit across from him at a dinner table right now.
Just then, her phone buzzed. It was Attorney Bennett. She answered it immediately. "Hello, Sebastian. Is something wrong?"
"There are a few details about the case we need to discuss in person. Do you have time for dinner?"
"Sure. Where should we meet?"
Lemira agreed without a second thought. Right now, the lawsuit took priority over everything else.
After confirming the location, she lowered the phone and looked pointedly at Orion. "Get out. I have things to do."
"Where are you going?"
She arched an eyebrow. "Is that any of your business?"
"I'm still your boyfriend."
Lemira turned to face him, her tone dead serious. "Orion, I know you saved my life back then, and I know you were used by the Sinclair family without realizing it. But you lied to me for months. I can't just blind myself and trust you the way I used to. I can't be with you anymore. Do you understand that?"
The interior of the car fell dead silent. Some things simply had to be dragged into the light.
She refused to keep lying to herself.
Orion's expression completely shattered.
His throat bobbed as he swallowed hard. "Can't we just start over?"
Lemira looked away. "No."
He let out a bitter, hollow laugh. "Do you really feel nothing for me anymore? Not even a little?"
He had done so much, desperately hoping she would finally see the sincerity in his heart.
Lemira stared blankly at the steering wheel. To say she didn't have feelings for Orion would be a bold-faced lie.
A small, enigmatic smile touched her lips-a smile that sent a sudden, chilling tremor straight through Orion's chest.
He had a very bad feeling about this.
Suddenly, Lemira turned back to him and curled her finger, gesturing for him to lean
in.
Orion's breath hitched. Like a man under a spell, he leaned closer.
The next second, Lemira closed the distance and pressed her lips to his.
Orion's heart slammed against his ribs. His strikingly handsome face was etched with sheer shock, his entire body going rigid. He didn't dare move a muscle 
By the time his brain finally processed what was happening, the kiss was over.
Lemira leaned back in her seat, casually wiping the corner of her mouth with her thumb. "There. Done."
"Done with what?"
His pulse was racing. Was this a good sign? Was she forgiving him?
Lemira tilted her head, a mockingly sweet smile playing on her lips.
"Didn't you just ask if I had annet
lingering feelings for you did. But now, its completely gone." 
For a split second, Orion wanted to curse out loud.
It was heaven one second and hell the next—the whiplash was absolutely
staggering.
He clenched his jaw. "One kiss, and it's all gone?"
He would have been better off staying on his side of the car.
Lemira gripped the steering wheel, her knuckles turning white. "Orion, thank you for walking this far with me weren't Weren't for you, I nev Trever would have made it this far
quickly." 
"Stop."
Orion cut her off, his face pale and stricken.
"Some things need to be said clearly. You were incredible to me, and falling for you
wasn't exactly hard to understand. But life is unpredictable."
She watched as he turned his face toward the passenger window, refusing to look at
her.
Taking a steadying breath, she continued. "There's a lot we can't control. I don't blame you anymore. But I just don't think we're right for each other."
That final sentence echoed deafeningly in his ears.
All the build-up, all the gratitude—it was just padding to soften the blow of that one sentence.
Orion rolled down the window, letting the biting night air rush in just to help him cling to his sanity.
She was saying they weren't compatible.
He had actually lived to see the day he got friend-zoned.
Pressing his lips into a hard line, he turned slightly to look at her. "I don't accept
that."
###Chapter 973
When Lemira heard him flatly refuse, her fingers dug into the leather of the steering wheel.
Her heart stuttered, a bitter ache sweeping through her chest.
She had drained every ounce of her courage just to force those words out. The iron wall of finality she had just built was actually fragile enough to crumble at a single touch.
She lowered her head, entirely unsure of what to do next.
Orion sat there watching her, the heavy silence stretching between them, but the words he wanted to say simply wouldn't come out.
He couldn't stand seeing her look so agonizingly conflicted.
Gritting his teeth against the frustration, Orion finally unbuckled his seatbelt and stepped out of the car.
He knew that if he stayed and tried to force the issue like he had last time, she would probably just punch him again.
The second the door clicked shut, Lemira slammed on the gas, peeling away without a single backward glance.
Orion stood on the pavement and let out a long, heavy sigh. If this were the old Lemira, she never would have abandoned him on the side of the road.
Pulling out his phone, he dialed Thaddeus Draven. "I'm not coming."
"Where did you guys run off to? Everyone is inside waiting for you."
"She went to meet with Attorney Bennett about her case."
He had heard Sebastian's name in the car and easily connected the dots.
Standing alone under the streetlights, Orion instinctively dug a cigarette out of his pocket and lit it. He rarely smoked, usually reserving the habit only for situations that made him feel utterly powerless.
His entire life had been smooth sailing up until now. She was the one obstacle he simply couldn't overcome.
Right now, he was a volatile mess of frustration. The nicotine was the only thing keeping him grounded while Lemira's breakup speech played on an endless loop in his head.
His sharp eyes narrowed slightly, the glowing red cherry of his cigarette cutting through the dark night.
Thaddeus paused on the other end of the line. "So, how did the talk in the car go?"
Orion took another slow drag. "Not well."
He got dumped.
Even though he had known it was a very real possibility, a stupid part of him had still been clinging to hope.
Hearing the absolute defeat in his tone, Thaddeus immediately knew what had happened. "Don't throw in the towel just yet. Life is long, man. Just put in more effort from now on. It definitely won't be as easy as the first time, but it's not impossible."
Orion didn't respond. His mouth tasted like ash and regret.
"Think about it. Didn't little Lemon chase after you first? It's only fair that it's your turn to chase her now."
Orion tossed the cigarette onto the pavement and crushed it beneath his heel. "You have a point."
Bottom line: he was not going to give up easily.
A luxury car pulled up to the curb a
moment later. Orion opened the door and slid into the back seat. The from his face, replaced instantly by the cold, unapproachable mask of the Everhart heir. 
raw vulnerability he
Meanwhile, Lemira pulled up to the agreed-upon restaurant.
When she stepped into the private dining room, Sebastian Bennett was already seated, elegantly skimming through a menu. He looked entirely in his element content 
Honestly, the lawyer shared a similar sort of refined aura with Orion.
As she took her seat, Sebastian slid a menu across the table. "Take a look. What are you in the mood for?"
Lemira barely glanced at his selections. "Whatever you ordered is fine."
"Is Ms. Langston always this indifferent about food?"
Catching the teasing lilt in his voice, she met his gaze. "I have a lot on my mind. Food isn't exactly a priority right now."
Sebastian nodded. "Understandable."
She rested her arms on the table. "Did you have something important to discuss?"
"Let's eat first. I'm a gourmet at heart, and I prefer negotiating on a full stomach. It's not like the sky is falling."
Lemira was practically vibrating with impatience, but he was the top-tier lawyer she desperately needed to win this case.
Swallowing her urgency, she decided to wait until the meal was over.
But as they ate, she had to admit the food was genuinely incredible.
Sebastian wiped his mouth with a napkin. "Well? How is it?"
Lemira offered a genuine smile. "It's amazing."
"How does it compare to Bistrova?"
Her fork hovered over her plate for a fraction of a second. "They both have their own distinct charm."
"Tsk. Bistrova is built for the elite. It's
all about prestige, face, an
privacy. But this place? This place is purely about the food."
She studied the man sitting across from her. "Do you own this restaurant?"
###Chapter 974
"No. The previous owner was on the verge of bankruptcy due to poor management.
I took on his case and managed to save this legacy establishment."
Lemira nodded approvingly. "I'm glad you saved it. The food is phenomenal. It would have been a real tragedy if it closed down."
"Ms. Langston, is your relationship with your family truly that strained?"
She gave a short nod. "Yes. Have they been trying to contact you?"
The lawyer confirmed it with a slight nod of his own.
Lemira frowned, her tone hardening. "I am the sole driver of this case. Disregard everything they say."
She hadn't bothered to hide the fact that Sebastian Bennett was representing her, but it still irritated her that the Langstons had already tried to meddle by reaching out to him.
Sebastian offered a wry smile. "They chose to believe an adopted girl's lies, and they actively marginalized and mistreated you. There really is no reason to acknowledge family members who are that blind."
She had heard variations of this a million times by now. "You don't think I'm being too ruthless?"
"Not at all. In my years practicing law, I've seen every kind of monster human nature has to offer. Frankly, it's better to be a bit selfish. Why exhaust yourself caring about people who don't care about you?"
Lemira smiled softly. "Fair point. But now that we're done eating, I think it's time we get down to business."
Setting his silverware aside, Sebastian's gaze sharpened behind his gold-rimmed glasses.
"The driver is still sitting on the hidden evidence," he began, his voice taking on a strictly professional edge. "That evidence is the only thing that can guarantee the Sinclair family faces actual consequences."
Lemira's lips pressed into a thin line. "I know. He's hoarding it as leverage, waiting to negotiate terms."
"What kind of terms could a guy like that possibly demand? Money? I hear he used to be a chronic gambler."
She let out a cynical laugh. "Not money. He wants us to guarantee Evelina's future. It's hilarious, really. They abandoned her years ago, and now he's suddenly playing the role of the devoted father."
"Do you buy it?"
"No. But I have to play along for now. Otherwise, how are we supposed to figure out what his endgame actually is?"
The biggest unknown was exactly when Hale intended to hand over the proof.
Sebastian leaned forward. "Why do you think he insisted you hand him over to the police instead of demanding you smuggle him out of town, given the leverage he holds?"
Lemira blinked, momentarily caught off guard. "I've thought about that. He had nowhere else to run, and he knew I'd never just let him walk free. Did he just accept his fate and try to secure his daughter's safety as a final act of redemption?" 
"That's a plausible theory. Does my mentor agree?"
"Mr. Alfred had a similar read on the situation, though he admitted it felt slightly off. We figured we wouldn't know the truth until we actually had the evidence in hand."
"Then you're both missing a crucial angle," Sebastian countered smoothly. "I've spent years dealing with these exact types of criminal elements. Do you know what terrifies these people the most? Prison."
Lemira frowned in confusion. "If he's so terrified of prison, why was his one non- negotiable condition that we turn him in?"
"Because he knows that whatever is waiting for him on the outside is infinitely worse. Like a bullet to the head."
The blood drained from Lemira's face. "Are you saying the Sinclair family is trying to silence him? But we've kept him under heavy
surveillance, and the Sinclairel ne
been too busy putting out their own fires to make a move." 
Sebastian clicked his tongue in disapproval. "If Orion can't even manage basic
witness protection, then he really is useless."
It was painfully obvious that the lawyer had some sort of deep-seated grudge against Orion.
"Because of that exact threat," Sebastian continued, "Hale never even considered running. He wanted to go to jail because it's a fortress. According to his current narrative, he was just a hired hand. Even if he goes down for manslaughter, as long as he claims he was operating under orders, he avoids a death sentence. He'll do a couple of
decades and eventually walk free."
Lemira stared at him, a chill creeping down her spine. "If your theory is right... who
exactly is Evelina's father so afraid of?"
Who was terrifying enough to make a lifelong criminal actively choose a jail cell over freedom?
###Chapter 975
If Sebastian's theory held any weight, Lemira realized there had to be a larger, unseen player orchestrating things from the shadows.
Sebastian casually shifted the conversation. "Of course, this is purely hypothetical. Maybe Evelina's father genuinely saw the walls closing in. After racking up massive debts, perhaps his only remaining instinct was to secure a safety net for his only daughter. I hear she's currently pregnant with a Langston child?"
Lemira's mouth twitched in annoyance. "That's the official story, yes. But I have strong suspicions the baby isn't even a Langston. I haven't pressed the issue because I don't want to create unnecessary complications, and frankly, I don't care." "Understood. That's a highly strategic move. Maintaining the status quo is the smart play."
Her mood, however, had rapidly soured. If there truly was a mastermind pulling the strings, who the hell was it?
Were there other accomplices involved in the accident?
Sebastian poured her a glass of water. "Don't spiral into paranoia just yet. These are just educated guesses. The priority is securing that evidence-once we have it, everything else will fall into place."
Lemira gave a firm, determined nod. "It's time I pay the old man a visit and collect on our deal."
Right now, Hale was firmly sticking to his story that Mrs. Amelia had paid for the hit, but without concrete proof, it was nothing but hearsay.
Sebastian checked his watch. "Alright, let's wrap this up. When you go to interrogate them, make sure I'm there. I am your legal counsel, after all."
"Fine."
Lemira was far too distracted by the swirling conspiracy to register the slight possessiveness in his tone.
They walked out of the restaurant together. "I'll drive you back," Sebastian offered. "No need. I drove myself."
She clicked her key fob, and the headlights of her rugged SUV flashed to life.
"It's rare to see a woman driving something so aggressively masculine," Sebastian noted with a hint of surprise. His own sleek sports car was parked directly next to it.
Lemira glanced at his flashy ride and nodded approvingly. "That car definitely suits Attorney Bennett."
Flashy, arrogant, and screaming for attention.
Although Sebastian and Orion shared the same formidable aura, one preferred to stay in the shadows while the other reveled in the spotlight.
As she pulled her SUV onto the street, Sebastian stared at his beloved sports car, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. *Was she mocking me? I thought it looked great.*
Watching his confused expression in her rearview mirror, Lemira let out a quiet laugh. S*** away his massive ego, and the guy wasn't actually that bad.
He definitely had the skills to back up his arrogance.
Sebastian's warning had set off alarm bells in her head.
What was her next move?
Taking a sharp U-turn, she headed
?
straight for the Langston Estate. She wouldn't be able to sleep anyway, she might as well start applying pressure immediately. 
Evelina couldn't just sit around reaping the benefits of the Langston wealth for free.
Lemira had only tolerated her presence this long because the girl was a useful pawn.
The massive, imposing SUV drew
UT
immediate stares as she pulled through the gates of the estate. By the time she stepped out, her brothers were gathered near the entrance, staring at her like she was an alien. 
Won
Lucian was the first to speak. "What are you doing here? Do you want me to have
the kitchen whip something up?"
Ignoring him, Lemira marched straight into the foyer. "Where is Evelina?"
"She's in the dining room. Why?"
"Business."
She shot a sharp look at Lucian. "You know what terms Hale demanded, yet he still hasn't handed over the evidence. It's time for Evelina to earn her keep."
With that, she strode into the dining room where Evelina was seated.
Evelina instantly tensed, looking like a cornered animal. "I... I'll try my best. But if
he's playing us, there's nothing I can do."
A dark smirk curled Lemira's lips.
on empty promises t
She stepped forward, harshly gripping Evelina's chin. "Did you really think you could just coast by You only get live a life of luxury in this house if you deliver that evidence. If you fail..." 
"What happens if I fail? I'm carrying a Langston heir!"
###Chapter 976
Evelina thrust her heavily pregnant belly forward, desperately hoping it would act as an impenetrable shield.
Lemira's voice dropped to a glacial chill. "It's not my kid."
Panicking, Evelina immediately looked toward Evander, silently begging him to intervene.
Evander's brow furrowed in irritation. "Evelina, if you can secure that evidence and ensure the Sinclair family rots in prison, I promise I will take care of you and the baby."
Evelina ducked her head, chewing on her bottom lip in silence.
Lucian stepped forward, his tone equally cold. "Evelina, the act is over. You need to prove your worth if you want to stay in the Langston family. If we lose this lawsuit because your father decides to play games, you will absolutely be thrown out on the street."
He then shot a pointed look at Evander. "And if you can't bear to be separated from that kid, you can pack your bags and leave with her. Let's see how much you enjoy playing house when you're completely cut off and flat broke."
Evander's face drained of color. He quickly backed away from Evelina. "I won't lift a finger to help you if that happens."
The memory of her grueling, poverty-stricken days on the run flashed through Evelina's mind. The thought of going back to a life with zero money made her stomach churn.
She wasn't stupid. Looking up at Lemira, she asked, "What exactly do you need me to do?"
"Get the evidence. I don't care how you do it. Figure it out."
Lemira had zero intention of spoon-feeding her a strategy. For someone as manipulative as Evelina, extracting information shouldn't be difficult.
Evelina gritted her teeth. "I'll try."
"You better do more than try. Do it for your own survival. If this case goes south, do you really think I'll let you walk away unharmed?"
Lemira's gaze was pitch-black and predatory. A violent shiver racked Evelina's spine, and she instinctively wrapped her arms around her stomach.
Lemira let out a dark chuckle. "I will do whatever it takes to get my revenge. Frankly, I've always thought it would be better if that kid never saw the light of day."
Evander remained dead silent in the background. If they failed to avenge their parents, he would never be able to live with the shame.
The threat finally landed. Evelina nodded frantically. "I'll make it happen."
"Good. We're going to visit your father tomorrow."
With her piece said, Lemira turned on her heel and headed upstairs, leaving Evelina paralyzed by a sudden, creeping dread.
What if her father really didn't have the evidence? What if it was all a desperate bluff?
Evelina didn't even want to entertain the consequences.
Once Lemira was gone, Lucian pulled Evander aside, his voice dropping to a harsh whisper. "Keep a tight leash on Evelina. I don't care if you have to bribe her or play the emotional care make sure Hale spits out the location of that evidence." 
Evander nodded grimly. "I'm on it."
"We need to hold the line on this, Evander. We cannot give Lemmy a reason to look
down on us and think her older brothers are entirely useless."
The words struck a painful nerve.
Evander watched the empty staircase where Lemira had disappeared, then instinctively reached down to touch his
prosthetic leg fie Maple Group Gen 2 Al Prosthetics felt like it had been custom-engineered just for him. 
The longer he wore it, the more he was haunted by memories of his little sister.
He remembered her as a little girl, fiercely promising she would invent a prosthetic that functioned exactly like a real leg so he could stand tall again.
He had let the years bury that memory, but Lemira had actually kept her promise.
And in return, he had completely failed her as a brother.
A suffocating wave of regret crashed over him.
The next morning, Lemira came downstairs for breakfast. The atmosphere at the table was incredibly tense, with Evelina and the Langston brothers looking like they were marching to their execution. 
Lemira, however, was a picture of calm. After finishing her coffee, she looked up to
find them all staring at her in nervous silence.
She stood up. "Let's go."
Before they could move, Asher suddenly spoke up. "Is Maple Group launching the Gen-2 Al Prosthetics?"
Lemira's gaze snapped to him, instantly guarded. "How is that any of your business?"
Asher looked slightly frustrated. "Didn't you break up with Orion? Why don't you dissolve the partnership?"
She was a Langston, after all. She belonged back with her family.
###Chapter 977
A mocking smirk touched Lemira's lips. "Keep dreaming."
Asher looked visibly frustrated. "You're not on the same side as them anyway, so why not just come back to the Langston family? Once Evelina is gone, you'll be the only daughter in this house. No one is going to mistreat you ever again."
Lemira paused mid-step, her tone turning to ice. "Do you honestly think everything you put me through can just be wiped away with a few empty promises? Save your breath. The only reason I'm even standing in the same room as you is because of this lawsuit. The second this case is closed..."
She didn't finish the sentence. Raking a cold, dismissive glance over them, she turned and walked out to her SUV.
Asher's face darkened with indignation. He turned to Lucian. "Look at her. She's completely alienated herself from us. What exactly is she planning to do once this case is over?"
"It's her life and her choice. You have zero right to dictate what she does," Lucian snapped, his voice thick with bitter resentment. "If any of us had just treated her with an ounce of decency back then, we wouldn't have pushed her away."
Asher choked on his response, suddenly defensive. "I'm trying to make up for it now, aren't I? But look at how she treats us. She looks at us like we're her mortal enemies."
Standing quietly off to the side, a dark, vindictive gleam flashed through Evelina's eyes.
*Of course,* she thought bitterly. *The biological daughter will always get the special treatment.*
If only she had seen through the Langston brothers' hypocrisy earlier. If she had just focused on building her own life instead of desperately fighting Lemira for their affection, she wouldn't be trapped in this suffocating house right now.
Resting a hand on her pregnant belly, she knew she had to start making her own contingency plans.
The group drove in strained silence to the Lyria Remand Center, where Hale had recently been transferred.
Seated in the sterile visitation room, Evelina fidgeted nervously in her chair.
A few minutes later, Hale was led into the room. His head had been shaved, and he looked incredibly haggard, having aged a decade in just a few weeks.
When his eyes landed on Evelina, his gaze immediately dropped to her swollen stomach. A fleeting look of raw emotion crossed his face.
Sitting down behind the glass, he stared at her. "How's the baby?"
"Fine."
Evelina took a trembling breath. "Where is the evidence? You promised you'd hand it over as soon as you turned yourself in."
Hale's eyes darted past her to Lemira and the brothers. "Are they forcing you to do this?"
Lemira let out a dark laugh. "Wasn't this the exact deal we made? If you don't produce the evidence to put the Sinclair family behind bars, I have no choice but to take my anger out on Evelina."
Hale surged forward in a sudden fit of rage, but remembering where he was, he forced himself back into the chair.
Right on cue, tears spilled down Evelina's cheeks. She wept silently, mastering the art of looking utterly fragile and victimized.
Her entire survival currently hinged on whatever proof her father was holding hostage. Her feelings toward this man were a tangled, resentful mess.
If she had just been born into a better family, she wouldn't be subjected to this waking nightmare.
Lemira watched the performance with a detached sneer. *Classic two-faced girl.*
Choking back a sob, Evelina pleaded,
"Dad, please, you have to save me. I'm completely dependent on the Langston family now. I know
you to do it.
someone else order only
back then know you only took the risk because you wanted Mom and me to have a better life. don't
blame you for anything."
From her vantage point, Lemira caught a fleeting, cynical smirk cross Hale's face
before he quickly masked it.
Hale sat in heavy silence for a
moment before speaking. "Are you really confident you can take down the Sinclair family? I take it
ou still
don't realize the Everhart bow was sitting in the back of the car you hit?" 
Lemira held his gaze effortlessly. "So, you knew too."
Hale looked slightly taken aback. "It seems you're already aware."
"I am," Lemira said coolly. "And yes, we had a massive falling out over it, exactly as you at hoped But I also know the Sinclair family nowy
orchestrated the hit. And I am going to make them pay in blood."
"You think the Everhart family is just going to step aside and let you do that?"
"That's none of your concern."
"If the Everhart boy is willing to testify in court, I'll tell you exactly where the evidence is hidden."
Lemira's eyes narrowed dangerously. "You want him to take the stand?"
"Why not? He's an eyewitness to the scene, isn't he?"
But as he spoke, Lemira couldn't shake the unsettling feeling that Hale's smile was
laced with a dark, mocking ulterior motive.
###Chapter 978
Hale was fully aware of her romantic history with Orion.
When Orion had tracked Hale down prior to the arrest, they had definitely engaged in some sort of private negotiation.
So why was Hale so adamant about Orion taking the stand?
Lemira couldn't read the angle. She stared him down. "What exactly kind of game are you playing?"
Hale stood up, signaling the end of the conversation. "I'm just making sure you actually win. That is the only scenario where you get the evidence."
The guards moved in, and Hale was escorted back to his cell.
Evelina turned to Lemira, practically shaking with anxiety. "I... I did what you asked. My mission is accomplished, right?"
Lemira's expression was thunderous. She spun on her heel and marched out of the facility without a word.
Lucian and Asher hurried after her.
Evander lingered behind, glaring at Evelina. "I'm coming back with you every single day until you squeeze the location of that evidence out of him."
Evelina had been gearing up to play the helpless victim, but Evander wasn't giving her an inch of sympathy.
A flash of pure venom crossed her eyes. The absolute second she delivered this baby and secured her payout, she was vanishing from the Langston Estate.
She had zero intention of playing the dutiful Langston mother for the rest of her life. If Lemira woke up one day and decided to finish her off, no one in that house would lift a finger to stop her.
As for the kid? She couldn't care less.
Outside, Lemira reached her SUV.
She turned to Lucian and Asher, her tone clipped. "Hale is completely untrustworthy. We don't even know if this so-called evidence actually exists."
"It has to exist," Asher argued, looking entirely unbothered. "If he's bluffing and the truth comes out, both he and Evelina are dead in the water."
Lucian nodded in agreement. "Asher is right. But demanding Orion testify... do you think he's worried the Everhart family might intervene to protect the Sinclairs?"
"It looks that way on the surface," Lemira murmured, her brow furrowed. "But my gut tells me there's something else going on here."
It made her incredibly uneasy.
"Lemmy, maybe you should just reach out to Orion and ask him to take the stand. He was at the scene. He has a moral obligation to testify."
Lemira shot him a withering look. "I'm fully aware of that. Focus on making Evelina actually work for her keep. Don't let her just sit around leeching off you."
She deliberately pitched her voice so Evelina, who was just walking out the doors, would hear every word.
Without another glance at her estranged brothers, Lemira got into her car and sped off.
Asher turned to Evelina, his voice dripping with disdain. "Figure out a way to get the location out of him."
Lucian, however, adopted a much smoother calculating tone. "Evelina, if you manage to get the location out of him, I will personally write you a check for million dollars a reward." 
At the mention of a million dollars, Evelina's eyes practically glowed.
For that kind of cash, she was more than willing to put in the effort.
Seeing her immediate shift in demeanor, Lucian mentally scoffed. Dealing with a parasite like her was simple-all it took was waving a check in her face 
Her mind immediately started racing with possibilities. "But will the Everhart heir really agree to testify? The Everhart and rclat families used to be incredibly close after all." 
Lucian's face hardened. "That is absolutely none of your business."
Evelina had hoped to drive a wedge between Lemira and her brothers, but the tactic had completely backfired.
The Langstons despised her, and their guard was permanently up.
As Lemira drove away, she couldn't shake the gnawing suspicion that something about Hale's demand was fundamentally wrong.
She dialed Sebastian Bennett and relayed the entire prison conversation. Sebastian was silent for a long moment. "I thought we agreed I would be present for this?"
Lemira paused. "Sorry. Next time, I promise. I'm just used to handling things on my own."
"Fine. I'll let it slide this once. Play along with Hale's demand for now. The real question is, will Orion actually agree to it?"
"He will."
She remembered exactly what Orion had said to her in the past. He had promised that the passenger in the back of that car would come forward as a witness.
And despite everything, she had never doubted Orion's promises. Sebastian's tone dripped with blatant skepticism. "You sound very confident about that."
"I am."
An audible scoff echoed over the line, making it crystal clear exactly what the lawyer thought of her blind faith.
"You should probably confirm it with him face-to-face first. Men have a habit of making grand promises in bed that rarely translate to the real world."
Lemira nearly swerved. ""
What the hell was he implying?
###Chapter 979
Lemira took a beat to process his words. "You're completely overthinking this."
After hanging up, she found herself stressing over the situation.
Did she really have to be the one to reach out to Orion?
She couldn't help but cringe at the memory of their last encounter, where she had literally ordered him out of her car.
And the time before that? She had straight-up punched him in the face.
At the time, she was completely consumed by the betrayal of his lies. She never anticipated she'd actually need his help so soon.
Well, the old proverb was right—always leave a little room for grace, because you never know when you'll cross paths again.
Lemira was agonizing over the decision. Should she call him or not?
She was entirely torn.
By the time she drove back to campus, her mood had thoroughly tanked.
Stella Waverly noticed her sour expression immediately. "What's wrong? Did you hit
a wall with the lawsuit?"
"Not exactly a wall, but it's complicated."
Lemira gave her a rundown of the morning's disastrous prison visit.
Stella shrugged, looking unfazed. "That's not a huge deal. Just ask Orion directly. Didn't he already promise to be your star witness?"
"Yeah, but back then, I didn't know *he* was the witness."
Lemira rubbed her temples, looking absolutely conflicted. "Things ended on a really bad note between us. Even though I know he wasn't the mastermind behind the crash, just seeing his face makes me furious."
She slumped back in her chair, a sheepish look crossing her face. "I know I'm probably being unreasonable."
But she had done it anyway.
Stella studied her closely. "You're only acting this way because you know you can get away with it. You know Orion is entirely devoted to you, which is why you feel completely safe lashing out at him."
"I don't know how to explain it. But until this lawsuit is settled and the dust clears, I just can't be with him."
Stella pulled Lemira into a warm hug. "I get it. He lied to you for months. You have every right to be angry."
Lemira sighed, leaning into her friend. "But now I need him to testify, and I have no idea how to even approach him."
"That's the easiest part. I'll just have Caleb pass the message along."
Just then, Janice yawned loudly and threw open the dorm curtains, clearly having just woken up.
Stella nodded confidently. "Yeah, this is an easy fix."
Lemira looked at Stella with profound gratitude. "Thank you."
Stella immediately pulled out her phone and dialed Caleb. A phone call was the most efficient way to handle this.
She quickly outlined the situation. Caleb paused on the other end. "Why doesn't she just ask him herself?"
"Just do me a favor and make the call, okay?"
Downstairs, Caleb was sitting on a
bench outside the dorms, He glariced up at the balcony do ft
on
e condition. Dinner tonight, just
the two of us." 
Stella's face flushed scarlet. "You're a menace."
"Tsk. It's just dinner. How does that make me a menace? It's not like I'm asking you
to move in with me."
Stella hung up on him immediately.
Chuckling softly, Caleb dialed Orion's number and relayed Stella's message.
Orion went silent for a moment. "Why go through all these hoops?"
"Right? I will never understand how women's brains work."
Caleb knew damn well that if Lemira asked Orion to jump right now, Orion would just ask how high.
Orion sighed heavily, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "I gave her my word that I would testify."
"Look, you lied to her, and now the
Everhart family is tangled up in this mess. It's totally normal that she
n't trust you. If I were in her
deesht
shoes, I wouldn't believe a word you said either." 
FindNovel.net
To Caleb, deception was a fundamental breach of trust. He didn't blame Lemira for keeping her distance.
Orion clenched his jaw. "I would never lie to her about this."
"Great. I'm taking the girls out to dinner tonight. You two can hash it out in person."
Orion hesitated. "She went through you just to send a message. You think she actually wants to see my face?"
"If the mountain won't come to
Muhammad, Muhammad must go
to the mountain. I'm handing you the
perfect setu
on a silver platter
Take it 
FindNovel.net
###Chapter 980
To Caleb, this whole situation wasn't nearly as complicated as they were making it out to be.
Orion fell silent for a moment, gently adjusting the bridge of his glasses. Finally, he caved. "Fine. Text me the address."
He desperately wanted to see her anyway, to clear the air once and for all.
That evening, Lemira, Stella, and Caleb headed out for dinner.
Janice had already left for the gaming base to train, leaving the three of them to eat together.
They picked a spot just a short walk from campus.
As they walked, Lemira suddenly remembered something and turned to Stella. "That lawyer, Sebastian? It turns out he's a massive foodie. He took me to this incredible restaurant the other day. I'll have to take you guys there sometime."
"Sounds great. I've heard he has a pretty ruthless reputation in legal circles-too arrogant, crosses a lot of lines. It's kind of hilarious that his secret passion is food. Total contrast."
Walking beside them, Caleb chimed in. "Everyone needs a vice."
Stella glanced over at him. "And what's yours?"
Caleb paused, his dark eyes locking onto her face with an intensity that made the air suddenly feel thick. He didn't answer her out loud, but Stella instantly understood exactly what he meant.
Her face burning, she quickly averted her gaze, grabbed a menu, and pretended to study the appetizers.
Right before the food arrived, Stella's phone buzzed. It was a text from Caleb: *Come outside with me for a second.*
*Why?* she typed back.
Caleb didn't reply. He just stood up and casually walked out of the room.
Worried he had news about Orion's testimony that he didn't want to share in front of
Lemira, Stella excused herself and followed him into the hallway.
Before she could say a word, Caleb grabbed her hand and pulled her into the
vacant private dining room across the hall.
Through the crack in the door, Stella saw a familiar figure slipping into their original room. It was Orion.
Caleb blocked her path back to the door. "Let them talk it out alone."
Stella glared up at him. "Why didn't you tell me this was the plan?"
"If I told you, we wouldn't be standing in here right now. This is between them; we need to stay out of it."
Stella fell silent. He was right.
"If they can clear the air about the testimony face-to-face, it saves everyone a massive headache down the line."
Stella nodded obediently. "You actually thought this through."
Caleb leaned down, pressing a soft kiss to the corner of her mouth. "Don't I get a reward for that?"
Stella instinctively leaned back, her heart racing. "We're in public."
"I booked the room. No one is coming in."
With effortless strength, Caleb lifted her onto the edge of the dining table, boxing herin with his arms. He looked down at her, his voice dropping to a low, husky register, You've been toled up in those dorms for weeks. Have you even considered how I feel?" 
Stella tried to slide off the table, but his unyielding grip on her waist pinned her in place.
Her pulse hammered in her throat. "You're just my bodyguard, not my boyfriend."
"You're the one who proposed this arrangement because you wanted me. I put in the physical labor, and I get zero benefits in return?"
A wicked, predatory gleam flashed in his eyes as he leaned in and captured her lips.
Stella suddenly felt like the contract she had so confidently drawn up was entirely backfiring on her.
His hands moved with practiced precision, tracing the curve of her waist before slipping beneath the hem of her shirt.
A subtle tremor ran through her
`sheer, radiating heat ret
body. The
AN
his tanned chest was intoxicating, and despite her weak protests, she found herself melting against him. 
The truth was, she was deeply attracted to him.
When she was with Caleb, she didn't have to pretend. She could just be herself.
Giving in, Stella wrapped her arms around his neck. But just as she surrendered, he suddenly pulled back His warm breath ghosted over her ear. "Don't go back to the dorms. tonight." 
FindNovel.net
Her entire face went crimson. She pushed against his hard chest, whispering frantically, "I can't."
"Why not?"
"I have to be there for Lemira."
Caleb let out a frustrated breath. *Damn it.*
Right now, he aggressively hoped Orion would just fix things with his woman so she would stop ruining his night.
Here he was, throwing away his pride, offering himself up on a silver platter, and he was still getting rejected.
Meanwhile, in the dining room across the hall, the atmosphere was dead silent. Lemira and Orion sat directly across from one another, neither speaking a word. She truly hadn't expected him to show up.
###Chapter 981
Lemira guessed why he had come. He probably knew about the testimony.
She remained silent for a moment before taking the initiative. "Evelina's father demanded you testify in court before he hands over the evidence."
"I know. And I promised you before that I would testify. That won't change."
Except back then, he hadn't told Lemira that he was the key witness.
Orion now felt completely cornered, unable to defend his past actions.
He placed a piece of fish on her plate. "Don't worry about that. I will definitely appear
in court. Those who deserve to be punished won't get away with it."
Lemira looked at the fish in her bowl. It was her favorite cut.
He had always remembered.
Every time they ate out, he would order her favorite dishes, remembering all her preferences.
Tears pricked at Lemira's eyes. She lowered her head and murmured, "Yeah, I know."
"Eat up. It won't taste good if it gets cold."
Orion's tone was as casual as usual, carrying a hint of care but never crossing the line. It was impossible to hate him.
Lemira changed the subject. "Where are they? Why haven't they come back?"
She noticed a message on her phone from Stella Waverly: "We had something to take care of and left early. You go ahead and eat."
Seeing the message, Lemira vaguely understood why Orion had shown up here. She put down her phone and lowered her head to taste the fish he had given her. It was delicious.
The atmosphere in the private room was quiet. Neither of them spoke much while they ate.
When Lemira set down her silverware, she looked at Orion. "How is Mrs. Amanda doing?"
"There's news about a kidney donor. We can arrange the surgery soon."
Lemira breathed a sigh of relief. Honestly, she found Mrs. Amelia's calculations utterly disgusting.
Mrs. Amelia was clinging to the Everhart family like a leech, acting so unhinged that it made everyone uncomfortable.
Seeing her relieved expression, Orion said, "Don't worry. Even if we hadn't found a donor temporarily, we wouldn't have agreed to the Sinclair family's conditions."
"But I heard Mrs. Amanda's body couldn't wait that long."
Lemira looked at Orion, then avoided his gaze. She had no right to say some things.
She had no standing to suggest that
if Mrs. Amanda's health was truly failing, agreeing to the Sinclair family's terms might be the better choice to save her life. 
She wasn't a saint.
Orion seemed to read her mind. "We've found a way to manage it
without a transplant, though it will be more troublesome The Sinclair family thinks they are the only clever ones in the world with their
scheming." s?novels
His tone was filled with dripping sarcasm when he mentioned the Sinclairs.
Lemira replied, "So far, the Sinclair family hasn't made any moves. Apart from trying
to control the PR narrative, they haven't done anything."
Since Mrs. Waverly had leaked the scandal, the Sinclair family's stock had
plummeted repeatedly. Their situation was even worse than before.
Orion's gaze turned somber. "The Sinclair family won't last much longer."
Did they really think they could scheme against the Everharts without facing his retaliation?
Lemira caught the hidden meaning in his words. Had Orion been pulling the strings behind the Sinclair Group's recent crises?
She remarked, "The Sinclair family had it coming. They've done so many horrific things. It's time they paid the price."
"Exactly."
Orion glanced at her. "Are you done eating? I'll drop you off."
"No need. I drove myself."
Lemira stood up, and the two left the private dining room for the parking lot.
When Orion saw her striking Standard SUV, he paused in surprise.
Caleb Sterling had told him earlier that Lemira bought an SUV, but seeing it in person was a different level of shock.
"I didn't expect you to like this type of vehicle," he noted.
Lemira patted her car. "Only a car this big can contain my untamed soul."
Orion fell silent. So she didn't like the sports car?
Just then, Sophia Sinclair rushed out from the side and grabbed Orion's arm "Orion, do you really have to drive the Sinclair family to absolute ruin?" . FindNovel.net
Lemira turned to see Sophia. The once highly celebrated socialite looked incredibly haggard, s*** of her usual glamorous glow.
###Chapter 982
It seemed the Sinclair family had been having a very hard time lately.
No wonder they hadn't caused any trouble; they likely had no energy left for it.
Orion glanced at Sophia's hand, his tone freezing. "Let go."
"Orion, how could you be so ruthless?"
Sophia had seen the cold reality of human nature recently and had suffered enough.
It wasn't until last night that she found out Orion was the one orchestrating everything behind the scenes.
Orion shoved Sophia away and took out a tissue, wiping his clothes with a look of utter disgust.
He glared at her. "What did you expect? Did you think you could scheme against the Everhart family and walk away unscathed?"
At that moment, Susanna Sinclair walked over, supporting an equally haggard Mrs. Amelia.
Mrs. Amelia looked at Orion. "A lawsuit is one thing, but business operations are another. Do you really have to bankrupt the Sinclair Group?"
She never expected Orion to be pulling strings in the background to destroy them financially.
Orion looked at her with pure repulsion. "If you had just turned yourself in peacefully, at least the Sinclair family could have survived, and your daughter could have kept her luxurious lifestyle. But now? That chance is gone."
Since the Sinclair family refused to listen to reason, he was more than happy to use force.
Mrs. Amelia's eyes were filled with despair. "You're too cruel. Does your mother know what you're doing?"
Ever since their last encounter, Mrs. Amelia hadn't been able to reach her former best friend, Mrs. Amanda.
"She won't stop me from doing anything," Orion stated coldly.
"Impossible. She wouldn't just watch the Sinclair family go bankrupt."
Mrs. Amelia still refused to believe it.
Lemira couldn't hold back anymore. "Do you think after all your scheming, Mrs. Amanda is a fool? That she would just let you keep manipulating her?"
When Mrs. Amelia saw Lemira step out from behind the SUV, her eyes filled with venomous hatred. "Lemira, all of this is because of you."
Why didn't this b*** just die in that car crash back then?
If she had, none of this would be happening today.
Lemira scoffed. "Because of me? Didn't you bring all this upon yourself? If you hadn't orchestrated that car crash, none of this would be happening today."
A flicker of guilt crossed Mrs. Amelia's face. "I told you, your parents' deaths were an accident. I never intended to kill anyone."
"So you admit it had something to do with you? Then you deserve every bit of this backlash."
Sophia interjected, "Ms. Langston, but all of this has nothing to do with the Sinclair Group, right? Aren't you taking this too far?"
Sophia was only now realizing how difficult it was to run a company.
The Sinclair family's business was incredibly one-dimensional. They had only survived this long by relying on The Aurora Tech Project, and even that was only possible because of the Everhart family's continuous orders. 
FindNovel.net
But now that the Everharts had cut them off, the Sinclair Group was immediately plunged into a crisis.
Lemira's gaze was icy. "If the Sinclair
family hadn't used underhanded
tactics to steal my parents' bid, you
would have gone Bankrupt years Fago. You've been clinging to life for years on stolen time; you've had enough." 
Sophia was unwilling to accept this. "But business competition is always like this. My mother never meant to kill your parents."
"Save your breath. After your mother caused my parents' deaths, she bribed the executive in charge of The Aurora Tech Project and poached him to the Sinclair Group. Are you telling me that wasn't planned?
"If my parents were still alive, even if you poached their staff, they would have still successfully completed the project. Why would you leave a strong competitor alive? You intended to rip them out by the roots." 
Since working at Maple Group as a shareholder, Lemira had learned firsthand how
brutal corporate competition could be.
She had figured out the Sinclair family's plot to murder her parents—it was a perfectly interlocked chain of events.
Lemira stepped forward, staring down the Sinclair women. "Bankruptcy was always going to be your ending!"
It had just been delayed for years, at the cost of her parents' lives.
###Chapter 983
Lemira took a step forward, forcing Sophia to stumble backward in a panic. Sophia's eyes darted with sheer terror. How did Lemira know all of this?
Lemira's lips curled into a cold smirk. "You're wondering how I know, aren't you? A little investigation was all it took. Furthermore, the executive you poached and everyone involved in that project are willing to testify. The Sinclair family is finished." "Impossible! They would never testify!" Mrs. Amelia yelled.
She had paid them off perfectly. There was no way they would betray her.
Lemira looked at Mrs. Amelia mockingly. "You used threats and bribes to force them to work for the Sinclair Group. But once you fully took over, you found excuses to fire all of them. Did you really think they wouldn't hold a grudge?"
These pieces of evidence had all been dug up by Sebastian Bennett.
Previously, Lemira hadn't thought that deeply into it.
But if the original project team was willing to testify, the Sinclair family's motive would be blatantly obvious.
Hearing this, Mrs. Amelia's face drained of color. She swayed, unable to stand properly.
Susanna quickly held her up. "Mom, are you okay?"
Listening to the exchange, Susanna finally realized her mother really had done all those horrible things.
She looked at Sophia anxiously. "Sophia, think of something! We can't let the company go bankrupt and let Mom go to jail!"
"Shut up! Do I look like a miracle worker? Can I just magically fix everything?"
Sophia turned to her mother. "Mom, why did you have to do that back then?"
If it weren't for the events of the past, the Sinclair family wouldn't have fallen to this state.
Mrs. Amelia slapped Sophia across the face, screaming hysterically, "If it weren't for me, do you think you would have enjoyed a luxurious life as a rich heiress all these years?"
Who did she do it for? It was all for the good of this family.
Sophia covered her cheek and looked up at Orion. "Orion, I'm begging you. Can you please let the Sinclair family go?"
"Whether you are let go or not is up to the judge, Orion replied, his expression stone-cold. "Besides, the person whose family you nearly destroyed is Leira, notme.
you're looking to beg for forgiveness, you've got the wrong person."
Sophia turned to Lemira, her eyes red. "Lemira, I'm begging you. Please let my mother go."
"Do you really think saying this now has any meaning? Ms. Sinclair, you're only begging because you've hit a dead end. If you had even a sliver of an advantage, you would destroy me without a second thought."
Lemira's tone was hauntingly calm. "Just like your mother destroyed my parents."
She wasn't a saint. She wouldn't soften just because her enemies were groveling. Sophia was entirely consumed by despair.
Beside her, Susanna collapsed directly in front of Lemira, grabbing desperately at her clothes. "Lemira I'm begging you, okay? It was all my fault before. I was young and stupid and made you mad. You can do whatever you want to me, but please just let the Sinclair family off this once!" 
Lemira pushed Susanna away, a cold smile forming on her lips. "It's not entirely impossible. But I have a condition."
The moment she said that, all eyes locked onto her.
Lemira looked at Sophia and Susanna. "If you want to save the Sinclair Group from bankruptcy and keep living your comfortable lives, then make your mother confess to everything she did in front of the judge."
"And what if we choose not to surrender and let the company go bankrupt?" Sophia asked.
Lemira sized her up. "That's not an option."
Sophia scoffed. "But if my mother turns herself in, the Sinclair Group will still go bankrupt. It's essentially the same outcome."
Orion spoke up from the side. "It's
not the same. At least the Sinclair
family will have a chance to
struggle. Haven't you been going on blind dates lately, trying to find a wealthy man to revive your family through marriage?" 
Panic flashed across Sophia's face. "How did you know about that?"
She had been so incredibly discreet about it.
Lemira was slightly surprised. She had wondered why the Sinclair family had been
so quiet lately. It turned out Sophia was making secret moves in the dark.
###Chapter 984
Sophia quickly tried to explain, "Orion, listen to me. Deep down, I've always loved you."
"That has nothing to do with me."
Orion's voice was sharp. "Unfortunately, no matter who you marry, the Sinclair Group is destined to collapse. Unless you agree to Lemira's condition, I won't stop until your family is completely ruined."
Sophia's lips trembled. How was this any different from driving them to absolute ruin?
Lemira glanced up at Orion, her heart complicated. He truly understood her; whatever she said, he flawlessly backed her up.
Lemira turned her attention to Mrs. Amelia. "Well? It's a fair trade, isn't it? Sacrifice yourself to secure your daughter's luxurious lifestyle. After all, you did everything by yourself back then. It has nothing to do with the next generation. As long as you confess, this all ends."
Mrs. Amelia gritted her teeth in fury. "Lemira, you're the most vicious one here! Don't you dare try to drive a wedge between my daughters and me."
Yet, Sophia didn't move, nor did she reject the idea.
Mrs. Amelia stared at Sophia. "Sophia, you can't possibly be considering this b***'s condition, right? She stole your man and wants to destroy everything we have. Don't fall for it!"
But Susanna piped up, "Mom, it's true that you did those things alone. We can't cover it up anyway. If you just turn yourself in, at least the Sinclair Group can be saved."
Mrs. Amelia raised her hand and slapped Susanna hard. "What did you say? Say that again! Did you listen to your father and decide to turn on me too?"
"But Dad is right. You dragged the Sinclair family down."
Susanna refused to live in poverty. She had always despised poor people the most.
If she became poor, life would be worse than death. She would be ridiculed by her former friends and classmates. Susanna couldn't bear the thought of that reality; it terrified her more than dying.
Mrs. Amelia shoved Susanna aside and grabbed Sophia's hands. "Sweetheart, I've treated you so well since you were a little girl. I raised you like a princess. You wouldn't do this to me, right?"
Sophia's eyelashes fluttered, but she remained silent.
Truthfully, she was lost. What was she supposed to do?
Faced with the Everhart family's power, the Sinclairs were nothing The Everharts had already rejected Mre Amelia's kidney donation, making it clear they wouldn't agree to their demands. 
If she agreed to Lemira's condition, the family still had a chance.
If she didn't, her mother wouldn't be able to escape legal justice anyway, and the Sinclair Group would be dragged down with her.
Realizing she was wavering, Sophia looked at Lemira. "What a vicious choice to force on us."
"It's nothing compared to what I went through."
Lemira looked at Sophia
indifferently. "I'll give you one day to think it over. Once the time is up, the offer is gone. I hope you're smart
enough to know what the best Choice is 
With that, Lemira turned, got into her car, and drove off.
Sophia looked at Orion. "Are you really going to side with Lemira?"
Orion simply rolled up the window, his gaze freezing, and didn't say a single word.
Sophia chased after the car for a few steps before stopping. She wrapped her arms around herself and burst into tears.
Mrs. Amelia ran over. "Sweetheart, don't be afraid. We still have hope."
"Mom, tell me, where is the hope?"
Sophia looked at her mother through red, tear-filled eyes. "Mom, I really tried my best."
"Haven't you been seeing a lot of men lately? They're all your devoted admirers. Just pick one who can help us. The Sinclair Group won't go bankrupt, trust me."
Sophia gave a tragic laugh. "But the moment their parents heard about our family's situation, they
immediately forbade us from being.. together, let alone agreeing to my marriage terms." 
Sophia had always been so proud, but lately, for the sake of the family and her mother's legal troubles, she had let her dignity be trampled into the dirt.
And even then, it was useless.
Her life was completely ruined. Ruined by Lemira.
###Chapter 985
Mrs. Amelia grabbed Sophia. "Then try harder! You are the top socialite in the city. Do you know how many resources and how much money I poured into you? Now that I need you to repay me, you're telling me you're useless?"
Sophia looked at her, eyes filled with mockery. "But those men know about our situation. They just want to sleep with me; they don't want to marry me."
As a former top-tier socialite, she had never even given those men a passing glance. Now, she was expected to throw herself at them.
Just thinking about it made her want to vomit.
"Then sleep with them! As long as you get pregnant, you can secure your position," Mrs. Amelia declared.
Sophia stared at her mother in disbelief. "Mom, what are you saying? I'm your daughter! I'm not some cheap woman off the street."
What did she mean, 'sleep with them'?
Mrs. Amelia said self-righteously, "You should choose Barnaby Smith. His family has connections in the judicial department. If you marry him, my legal troubles will be easily resolved."
"His mother came looking for me and said awful things," Sophia replied in shock. "Even if I'm with him, his family will absolutely never lift a finger to help you."
"Then you manipulate him! He's their only son; you can't handle a simpleton like him?"
Mrs. Amelia didn't see it as an issue. As long as Barnaby threw a tantrum, the Smith family would definitely help their precious heir.
Mrs. Amelia knew these tricks inside out. Foolish men were the easiest to control.
"But I'm a human being! I'm not an to be traded."
"I raised you for so many years! Is this how you leave me to die?"
Mrs. Amelia was spiraling into madness. "Are you going to be like your father, divorcing me to cut ties? If it weren't for me, the Sinclair Group would have gone bankrupt ages ago. Would you have lived a good life? Would you be the top socialite?"
Mrs. Amelia had reached a complete dead end.
Her useless husband wanted to distance himself from her, entirely forgetting who had made the Sinclair family so rich in the first place.
Susanna stepped forward. "Mom, Sophia became the top socialite through her own hard work."
"Bullshit! If I hadn't thrown mountains of cash at her, do you think she'd be where she is today?"
Mrs. Amelia glared manically at Sophia. "How about this? I heard the Jones family is interested in you too."
"The Jones family? Mr. Gregory Jones is in his forties and has a history of domestic violence, do you know that?"
At this point, Sophia couldn't even cry anymore.
"So what? Mom believes you can tame him. Once you give him a son, your status
will be secure. He really likes you. If you marry him, he'll definitely help me sort out my lawsuit."
Mrs. Amelia's eyes burned with resentment. "Sophia, you're not actually listening to Lemira and planning to abandon your mother, are you?"
Sophia looked at her, overwhelmed with helplessness. "Mom, I really am trying to think of a way out. But a murder charge is a massive deal! Who would willingly get involved
with 16 
FindNovel.net
Mrs. Amelia slapped Sophia without hesitation.
She grabbed Sophia's arm tightly. "Then you need to find a way! If you can't figure it
out, then marry Mr. Jones. He promised he'd help."
Susanna panicked and interjected, "Mom, but Mr. Jones is an abusive middle-aged monster! His son is just as bad. They constantly share the same women. Making Sophia marry a man like that is throwing her into the fire!" 
"Shut your mouth! Your sister is marrying into a wealthy family to be the lady of the
house. It's completely different from those outside women."
Mrs. Amelia glared at Susanna.
"What right do you have to plead for
her? When you caused all that trouble at school with your bullying, even costing someone their fire, who cleaned up your mess? 
Susanna immediately shrank back in fear.
Mrs. Amelia pointed at Susanna's nose and screamed, "If it weren't for me, where would you two have gotten such a privileged life? Now it's your turn to pay me
back."
Sophia crouched on the ground, closed her eyes, and sobbed uncontrollably. How had things come to this?
She couldn't understand it no matter how hard she tried.
Why wouldn't Lemira just let her go?
Meanwhile, Lemira drove herself back to the university.
As she got out of her SUV, she instinctively glanced around but didn't spot any familiar vehicles.
###Chapter 986
She breathed a sigh of relief, though her mood dipped slightly.
She walked straight onto campus. A short distance away, a car slowly pulled out from a side street.
The window rolled down, and Orion's gaze remained fixed on Lemira's retreating back until she completely disappeared from sight.
Unable to resist, he lit a cigarette. Narrowing his eyes, he exhaled a plume of white smoke, suppressing the restless agitation in his heart.
Only when he saw Lemira could his heart find any peace.
Orion pulled out his phone and instinctively opened their chat, scrolling through their old messages and reminiscing about their past.
When Lemira returned to her dorm room, she realized Stella Waverly wasn't back yet.
Where did she go?
Janice looked up at Lemira. "Why are you back alone?"
"Stella said she had something to do, but I didn't expect her to be out this late."
"Do you think there's more trouble with the Waverlies?"
Hearing Janice say that, Lemira felt a pang of worry for Stella.
She texted Stella: [I'm back at the dorm. Where are you? Are you coming back tonight?]
After sending the text, there was no reply.
She looked at Janice and said, "It's barely ten o'clock. She might be back soon. With Caleb around, she's probably fine."
If Stella had been alone, Lemira would have been much more concerned.
But ever since the brooding bodyguard had stayed by Stella's side, Lemira felt much more at ease.
Furthermore, Caleb had a decent relationship with Orion. If anything really happened, Caleb would definitely reach out for help.
Lemira put down her phone and went to take a shower. But even as curfew approached and the dorm doors locked, Stella hadn't returned.
Lemira checked her phone; still no reply.
After some thought, she gave Stella a call. It rang for quite a while before finally connecting.
Lemira asked tentatively, "Hey, are you not coming back tonight?"
"Um, yeah. I'm still out. I'm fine, don't worry."
"Is Caleb with you?"
That was Lemira's main concern. After all, they were adults; staying out all night wasn't a big deal, and Stella owned her own place anyway.
She had only moved into Lemira's apartment temporarily out of fear that Mrs. Waverly would cause trouble.
Since Mrs. Waverly hadn't made any aggressive moves recently, she was likely afraid of a public scandal.
Blushing furiously on the other end, Stella replied, "Yes, he's with me."
"Okay, then. Just checking in. As long as you're safe."
Lemira didn't pry any further. On the other end of the line, Stella gripped her phone, her face burning red as ske glared at Caleb Can you stop being so bad?" 
Caleb had his arms wrapped tightly around Stella. Pressed flush against him, Stella
felt like she was being roasted by a blazing furnace.
Seeing the call end, she finally exhaled a breath of relief.
She had thought she could make it back, but it wasn't until Lemira's call that she
realized curfew had passed.
Caleb, that jerk, had lied to her and said it was still early.
Caleb lowered his head and kissed the corner of her lips. His large hand wrapped around her wrist, easily plucking the phone away and tossing it aside. Now we don't have
to worry about anyone interrupting." 
Stella pushed against his chest, feeling the powerful, steady thumping of his heart against her palms.
Failing to push him away, her hands helplessly gripped his arms. His muscles were taut and defined, radiating an intense, raw power.
Blushing deeply and biting her lip, Stella longingly traced the hard lines of his abdomen.
Truthfully, Caleb was right—she was obsessed with the dominant power of his physique. Any more muscle would be an exaggeration; any less would feel too weak.
Caleb nipped her lower lip, his scorching breath brushing against her face. "Focus."
Stella instantly curled her toes tight. Her soft whimpers shattered against his lips, swallowed down completely.
His large hand moved steadily, slowly trailing down to gently caress her flawed foot. Stella trembled violently, melting into a puddle against him.
?
Her arms weakly wrapped around his neck. Her luminous skin stood in stark, stunning contrast to his c deeply tanned, muscular back in thes aftermath of their night together. 
###Chapter 987
The next morning, Lemira woke up and immediately contacted Sebastian Bennett.
She got straight to the point. "Are you free today? We need to take a trip to the Lyria Remand Center."
"Did Orion agree to testify?"
"Yes."
On the other end of the line, Sebastian twirled his pen. "How did you convince him?"
"I didn't really have to. I just told him about the situation, and he agreed."
"Just like that?"
Why did Sebastian feel like this Orion wasn't the same ruthless man he knew? Was he really that agreeable?
He replied, "Alright, but this only counts after Orion physically goes to the precinct. Otherwise, how will Evelina's father believe you?"
Lemira paused. He made a good point.
"I'll contact him," she offered.
"No need. As your legal counsel, I can be the one to reach out to him."
Remembering the deep hostility between Sebastian and Orion, Lemira quickly interjected, "I'll do it. It's... it's just easier this way."
Sebastian sounded slightly disappointed. "Fine. If you can get him to go to the precinct today, let me know anytime and we'll head over together."
"Okay."
After hanging up, Lemira agonized over how to reach out to Orion.
Just then, Stella returned to the dorm, clearly wearing a different set of clothes.
She was carrying breakfast. "If you're up, come eat."
Janice immediately jumped in. "Stella, confess right now. Did you spend the night with Caleb?"
Stella blushed instantly. "We got delayed, so I ended up staying at my old place."
Lemira looked over. "It seems like you two are getting along pretty well."
Feeling a bit guilty, Stella met her gaze. "Lemira, last night at dinner had no idea Orion would show up tog figured it would be best if your two talked alone." fo FindNovel.net
Lemira nodded. "You're right. It's better to clear the air face-to-face. Thank you."
Stella breathed a sigh of relief, glad Lemira wasn't angry.
Lemira grabbed some breakfast. "I need to drop by the team's base. You guys eat first."
She headed outside, finished her breakfast, and began racking her brain on how to bring the topic up with Orion.
She opened their chat and typed: [When are you free?]
The moment she hit send, she felt an inexplicable wave of nervousness.
Orion replied almost instantly: [What's wrong?]
Lemira hesitated, unsure of how to phrase it. Meanwhile, on the other end, Orion was staring at his phone, wondering what she needed.
After a brief pause, he just called her directly.
Seeing Orion's caller ID, Lemira cleared her throat and answered, "Hello? Am I interrupting your work?"
Hearing her voice, Orion glanced at the senior executives standing in his office waiting to give their reports. He stood up and walked ove to the floor-to-ceiling window. 
"It's nothing. I'm not too busy right now," he said calmly.
The executives exchanged glances: Not busy? They had been standing here since
early morning to deliver their reports!
His secretary waved a hand, gesturing for everyone to step out.
They didn't even have to guess who was on the phone.
At a time like this, only a call from Ms. Langston could make The Big Boss break his own rules.
Holding her phone, Lemira
explained, "You agreed to testify
yesterday, but we need you to make
a trip to the precinct. Otherwise, Evelina's father probably wont believe us." 
"Actually, I already gave my statement the last time I went to the precinct and formally agreed to testify. But I can accompany you to the remand center."
Lemira remembered running into Orion at the precinct that day.
###Chapter 988
At the time, she had seen Orion with Mr. Alfred and assumed he was there to bail out Mrs. Amanda.
She hadn't realized she had completely misunderstood him.
Lemira gripped her phone tightly. "Okay. When are you free?"
"Later. Around eleven."
"Got it. See you at the entrance of the remand center."
After finishing the call, Lemira hung up.
She looked at the bare trees nearby and pulled her jacket tighter. The temperature had suddenly dropped.
Lemira then called Lucian Langston, telling him to bring Evelina to the remand center on time.
"Understood. I'll arrange it right away," Lucian replied.
Asher Langston's voice drifted over from the background. "Did Orion really agree that easily?"
His words carried a sharp sting of skepticism.
Lemira's voice dripped with sarcasm. "What else? Did you think everyone is like you -breaking promises and constantly moving the goalposts?"
Asher's face twisted in anger, but Lucian decisively hung up the phone.
He glared at Asher. "Asher, can you stop talking to Lemira like that from now on?"
"What did I do? I'm her oldest brother! Can't I say a few words? You know exactly the state the Langston Group is in. PZ Group's subpoenas are being mailed directly to our house. What are we supposed to do?"
Thinking about it, Asher glared furiously at Evelina. "And you still want money? You embezzled so much from the company, and your father squandered it all. You owe the Langston family for the rest of your life."
Evelina lowered her head, not daring to speak. She couldn't deny the embezzlement.
If the Langston family decided to press charges, she would end up in jail too.
Lucian frowned. "Enough. The most important thing right now is getting Hale to hand over the evidence so,
Mrs. Amelia gets the dence so
punishment
she deserves." 
Asher finally fell silent.
Evander Langston spoke up. "Caspian and the others are coming back. Their flight lands tonight."
Evelina looked up, a gleam of hope in her eyes. "Is Rowan coming back too?"
Evander nodded.
"Of course. What
happened to our parents is a
massive deal; everyone is coming back. So you better pray your father behaves and hands over that
you know exactly how bad Caspian's temper is." 
evidence Otherwise hat
Remembering Caspian's volatile anger, a cold sweat broke out on Evelina's back. She looked at Evander anxiously. "How is Caspian's facial reconstruction going?"
If Caspian's face couldn't be fixed, given his personality, he would absolutely never let her off the hook.
Evander shook his head. "I'm not entirely sure, but with how brilliant Rowan is, it should be fine."
Evelina breathed a sigh of relief. She desperately hoped Caspian's face would heal so she could escape his wrath.
At the entrance of the remand center.
Lemira was the first to arrive. She sat in her SUV, unconsciously checking her chat with Orion.
Sebastian knocked on the car
window. You're early. Where is
Orion? Does this guy have nonet
sense
of time? Give him call and rush*** him. Don't tell me he backed out." 
"He wouldn't. It's still five minutes to eleven. He's not late yet."
After she spoke, Sebastian leaned against the window, bending down to look at her.
"That tone. Are you defending Orion? Didn't you two break up?"
Lemira turned her head, her gaze locking directly with Sebastian's.
She suddenly felt a sense of déjà vu. Back outside Mrs. Waverly's villa, she and
Orion had kissed in a remarkably similar position.
Suddenly, Sebastian reached a hand toward her. "Don't move."
This exact moment was captured perfectly in Orion's line of sight.
###Chapter 989
Orion rolled down his window just in time to see Lemira sitting in the car while
Sebastian reached out and touched her hair.
The scene looked incredibly intimate.
In an instant, the warmth drained entirely from Orion's eyes.
Unable to stop himself, he slammed his hand against the horn. The piercing sound echoed loudly across the lot.
Startled by the noise, Lemira flinched and looked up, meeting Orion's dark, predatory gaze.
Her heart skipped a beat, and she instinctively batted Sebastian's hand away.
The moment she did it, she realized she looked incredibly guilty, as if she had been caught doing something wrong.
Sebastian looked slightly surprised. Glancing back and noticing Orion's arrival, he said casually to Lemira, "Don't misunderstand. You had something in your hair."
He opened his palm to reveal a piece of a dried leaf.
Lemira froze. "It probably fell from the tree."
"Yeah. So don't think I was making a move on you. That's not really my style."
With that, Sebastian took a few steps back. "Since everyone is here, let's head in."
Lemira got out of the SUV and saw Orion standing by his car door. He was dressed in a sharp suit, his posture tall and commanding.
He looked exactly as she remembered—strikingly handsome and effortlessly elegant.
He simply stared at her, his gaze an unfathomable abyss.
Sebastian stepped in front of Lemira, smoothly blocking Orion's view. With a lazy smirk, he drawled, "Mr. Everhart. Long time no see."
Orion looked up at Sebastian, his expression frosty.
His thin lips pressed into a cold line as he stood at his full height. "It has indeed been a while."
"I'll be giving this lawsuit everything I've got. If the Everhart family wants to negotiate, I'm always open to a discussion."
"No need. If there's anything to discuss, Mr. Alfred will contact you."
Orion's attitude remained violently hostile.
He bypassed Sebastian completely and walked straight toward Lemira.
But Sebastian stepped directly into Orion's path. "You can speak from right there. My client's hearing is perfectly fine."
In that instant, the air between the two men turned volatile, thick with lethal tension.
Even Lemira could feel the suffocating pressure standing nearby.
She hadn't expected Sebastian to harbor such deep hostility toward Orion.
Orion's icy gaze locked onto the man blocking his way. "Move."
"Mr. Everhart, I made myself perfectly clear. As the defendant, it would be best if you kept your distance from my client."
After delivering his warning, Sebastian looked back at Lemira. "Let's go. No point wasting time out here."
Lemira nodded.
She looked at Orion. "The Langston family should be arriving soon. Let's head inside first."
She met Orion's eyes. The man tugged aggressively at his tie, looking incredibly irritated.
He stared at her. "I need to speak with you alone."
He heavily emphasized the word 'alone'.
Sebastianchimed in from the
sidelines: "I am Lemira's lawyer, et
the defendant, whatever
have to
say shouldn't be kept a secret from me." 
Lemira immediately felt a massive headache coming on.
Just then, the Langston family's car pulled up.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Lemira quickly walked toward them.
Evelina stepped out of the car, her heavy pregnant belly pronounced and herexpression sourf she couldn't secure the evidence today, she
was done for. 
fo FindNovel.net
Lucian naturally noticed Orion standing nearby. He looked at Lemira. "Why is the Everhart heir here?"
Lemira glanced back at Orion. "He came to prove a point to Evelina's father, so the old man wouldn't doubt my words."
Lucian paused for a moment. "That makes sense."
The group proceeded to walk inside.
Evelina clutched her belly, secretly glaring at Orion. To her fury, she noticed Orion's eyes never once left Lemira.
Evelina gritted her teeth in absolute rage. It was infuriating. Hadn't she heard they broke up?
She had deliberately told Lemira that
Orion
in that car and was
respo for her parents'
tto rip them apart co jantly
###Chapter 990
But now, here was Orion, obediently showing up to testify for Lemira. And judging by that look in his eyes, he was far from being over her.
Evelina practically ground her teeth to dust. Why did that b*** Lemira get so lucky? How did she keep such a wealthy, powerful man so obsessively hooked?
And what about herself? She had schemed and plotted, only to end up stuck with a useless piece of trash like Evander.
In what world was she inferior to Lemira?
Soon, Hale was brought out to the visitation room.
Lemira looked at Hale. "Do you see him? Orion came personally. He has agreed to testify in court. Now you don't have to worry, do you?"
Hale looked up at Orion. "I didn't think you'd go this far. Are you really abandoning your stepmother? She was involved in this too."
"That's none of your concern. The Everhart family has assigned her a lawyer."
Hale looked slightly taken aback, clearly calculating his next move.
Lemira stared him down. "Your condition has been met. What are you still hesitating for? Or do you not actually have any evidence?"
Hale cleared his throat. "Who said I don't? But how do I know the Everhart family won't back out? Once I hand over the evidence, will you people actually treat my daughter well?"
Lucian spoke up. "We can put all of that in a contract."
Hale nodded. "Fine. Draft the contract and bring it to me, then."
Lemira planted her hands firmly on the table. "Are you stalling for time?"
"I am not."
"Then why didn't you mention this contract condition earlier?"
Lemira locked eyes with Hale, scrutinizing every shift in his expression.
Hale coughed awkwardly. "I'm old. My memory isn't what it used to be."
At that moment, Sebastian stepped up beside Lemira. "Don't waste your breath on him. He's lying. Cancel the deal."
Lemira gave Sebastian a quick look and made a split-second decision. "Done."
She turned back to the Langstons. "Leave Evelina here. Let's go."
Evander opened his mouth to , but Lucian grabbed his arm. "Let's go. Their whole family is a pack of ungrateful wolves. We're done dealing with them."
Lemira led the Langston brothers straight toward the exit.
Orion shifted his feet, and noticing Sebastian lingering behind, he narrowed his eyes menacingly before turning and walking out as well.
Panic instantly washed over Evelina. "Dad! Why didn't you just do what they asked?"
"Silly girl, they're just using you. The more obedient we are, the more leverage they have over us. Don't panic."
Evelina jumped to her feet. "How can I not panic? It's easy for you to say! The Langston family is abandoning me...don't have a single penny to my name How am supposed t survive? 
"The baby you're carrying belongs to the Langston family, doesn't it? They won't just abandon you."
A wave of suffocating despair
crashed over Evelina. "You have no
idea how ruthless the Langstons can be! You don't care about me at all! Ene, hust dieght here in front of you!" 
Evelina shoved open the nearby window, preparing to throw herself out.
Hale plunged into absolute terror. "What the hell are you doing? I was just trying to negotiate a better deal for us!"
Sebastian watched coldly. "You're lying. Whatever your reasons are, you only have two choices now."
Evelina's eyes were bloodshot. "Dad, if you truly care about me, hand over the evidence! Otherwise, living like this is worse than death. I might as well dieaight m front of you, and let the Black Family bloodline end here!" 
Evelina sobbed pitifully, looking like a broken, fragile victim.
Hale stared at his desperate daughter. "Can't you just trust your father?"
"Why should I trust you? If you were trustworthy, I wouldn't have become an orphan and ended up like this in the first place! You owe me this!"
Evelina's gaze was dead serious. If she was truly abandoned today, she genuinely preferred to end it all.
Hale's resolve finally shattered, and he let out a heavy, defeated sigh. "Fine. I'll talk. I'll give you everything."
###Chapter 991
Outside, Lemira Langston saw Evelina Sterling climbing onto the window ledge, muttering something about dying.
Evander was frantic. "Lucian, what if she actually falls?"
Lemira glanced over. "Relax. When it comes to acting, nobody beats her."
"How do you know she's faking it? What if she's serious?"
Mockery filled Lemira's eyes. "Isn't this exactly how she played you all for fools before? If it weren't for me, you'd still be wagging your tails like oblivious puppies." The Langston family collectively lowered their heads in shame.
It was the harsh truth.
Evander didn't dare say another word.
Lemira continued, "Now we just have to bet that Hale actually cares about his only daughter. If this fails, we'll need a backup plan. It would mean the Black Family played us again."
Asher Langston's face darkened at her words. "Those damn Blacks. If he dares to trick us again, I won't hold back."
Lemira looked at him. "And what exactly can you do?"
Asher stared at Evelina sitting on the ledge. "Then we'll just have to make the Black Family pay the price."
"Asher!" Evander panicked.
Lucian grabbed Evander's arm. "It hasn't come to that yet. She'll get it done. We've all seen how well she plays the victim."
A short while later, Evelina climbed back down.
Standing by the window, Sebastian Bennett waved at Lemira.
She let out a breath. "Looks like we have a result."
Judging by Sebastian's demeanor, it was likely good news.
As the Langstons headed back inside, Orion Everhart stood quietly at the entrance, watching them.
More accurately, he was watching Lemira.
Lucian hesitated as if he wanted to speak, but ultimately said nothing and kept walking.
Lemira was the last to approach. When she looked up, she met Orion's gaze.
She paused as his voice reached her. "You'd better keep your distance
froman Bennett. Watch!
where you draw the line. 
Content"
"What is that supposed to mean?" she asked, looking at him.
"We have a bit of history. I'm worried he might pull some childish stunt to spite me, and use you to do it."
Orion had thought enough time had
passed that Sebastian wouldn't
stoop so low, but seeing the lawyer's smug look just now had instantly, put him on high alert 
Lemira smiled faintly. "Did you really steal his girlfriend back then?"
"Do I look like that kind of guy? The girl he liked just happened to like me instead. It's not like I could control that."
Orion looked exasperated. "But he blamed me for it. The guy holds a grudge. Just be careful."
"Don't worry. I hired him for his legal expertise. As for your concerns, they really aren't an issue."
With a slight curve to her lips, Lemira walked past him.
Orion scoffed softly. What did her last sentence mean?
His concerns weren't an issue? Did she know what he was actually worried about?
Inside, Lemira found the others.
Hale had already been taken back. Evelina was sitting in a chair, leaning into Evander's embrace and crying.
Sebastian strolled over. "We have the location. We're going to get it right now."
"Where is it?"
"Better not say it out loud. The fewer people who know, the fewer complications. We'll just go together."
Sebastian shot a deliberate, highly provocative look at Orion.
Orion remained silent.
"Absolutely not," Asher protested immediately. What was wrong with this lawyer? He had no respect for boundaries.
Sebastian clearly didn't give a damn about the Langston family.
Enraged by the blatant dismissal, Asher snapped Mr. Bennett,
the Langston family's lea
What kind of attitude is this 
###Chapter 992
Sebastian raised an eyebrow. "Correction. I'm the lawyer hired by Ms. Langston, not your family's personal retainer. Don't flatter yourself."
Asher exploded. He had heard rumors about Sebastian's notoriously difficult
reputation, and now the man was living up to every word of it.
He glared at Lemira. "Are you seriously letting this arrogant punk handle your case?
You'll lose before you even know what hit you."
Lemira met his gaze. "That is my business."
She turned to Sebastian. "Let's go."
Sebastian glanced at the Langstons, then looked back at Orion, giving him a
mocking little wave goodbye.
Orion's jaw clenched, his frustration mounting.
He was starting to regret hinting for Lemira to hire Sebastian. He should have just sent Mr. Alfred instead.
At that moment, a heavily pregnant Evelina looked at Orion and spoke in a sickeningly sweet voice. "Mr. Everhart, please don't take it to heart. That's just how Lemira is."
Her words drew everyone's attention.
Orion's expression remained icy. Without so much as a glance in her direction, he turned and walked away.
An awkward silence fell over the room.
Scrambling to save face, Evelina quickly explained, "I was just trying to smooth things over for her. I didn't want him to get the wrong idea. I didn't mean anything by it."
Lucian's eyes dripped with contempt. "Save your breath. We only fell for your lies before because we trusted you. Do you honestly think we're blind to your little tricks now?"
Asher's tone was equally cold. "Even if Orion were blind, he still wouldn't look twice at you. Even if he and Lemira broke up, you'd never stand a chance."
Lemira being with Orion was highly beneficial for the Langston family.
They absolutely couldn't let Evelina ruin it.
Resentment flashed in Evelina's eyes. "But Lemira cut ties with the family a long time ago."
"She is still a Langston. When she marries Orion, she'll invite her brothers to the wedding. We are her family. Blood ties can't be severed."
Asher looked at Evelina with pure disgust. "Someone like you could never understand that."
Tears instantly welled in Evelina's eyes at the harsh humiliation.
Lucian turned his focus back to the matter at hand. "Where exactly did your father
say the evidence was hidden?"
She shook her head. "He only told the lawyer privately. I didn't hear."
"Then what use are you?" Asher demanded furiously.
With that, he and Lucian turned on their heels and left.
Evander let out a heavy sigh. "Why do you do this to yourself, Evelina? Just deliver the baby. Once you do, you can go wherever you want. I won't stop you from pursuing the fie you desire." 
"What are you talking about? Why would I leave?"
Though that was exactly her plan, she wasn't about to admit it out loud.
Evander's gaze turned cynical. "You don't have to pretend anymore. I know you don't want to be tied down to a cripple like me, and I won't force you. Have the baby, and I'll give you a generous settlement. You'llbe completely free." 
Evelina lowered her head, hiding the thrill of excitement. That sounded absolutely perfect.
There was no way she wanted to stick around and suffer the Langstons' wrath.
Lemira left with Sebastian, settling into the passenger seat of his car.
She glanced around the interior. It was exactly the kind of flashy
top tier luxury ride that set
arrogant personality. 
As he pulled away, he asked, "So, what do you think of the ride?"
Lemira nodded. "Very extravagant. It smells like pure wealth."
Sebastian chuckled dryly. That didn't exactly sound like a compliment.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"I'm treating you to a spa day and a massage."
Lemira looked at him in confusion. "Are you saying the evidence is hidden at Blue
Velvet Spa?"
###Chapter 993
The moment the words left her mouth, Sebastian slammed on the gas.
Lemira grabbed the handle. "What's going on?"
"Someone's tailing us. Probably looking for trouble. Let's shake them first."
The sudden swerving threw Lemira against the seat.
Her head spun. "What kind of car is it?"
Could it be Orion? If it was him, there was no need to lose him.
"Just some piece of junk," Sebastian replied casually.
Lemira could only hold on tight, waiting for him to lose their pursuer.
A few minutes later, the car's speed leveled out. "Finally shook him. Looks like he's
used to being chauffeured around. His own driving skills are garbage."
Lemira looked at him. "You know who it was?"
Realizing he had slipped up in his excitement, Sebastian quickly deflected. "Anyway, you guessed right. The item is stashed in Locker 38 at the spa."
"Looks like he's a regular there."
It was certainly an inconspicuous place to hide something important.
Before long, the car pulled up outside Blue Velvet Spa.
Stepping out, Lemira had to lean against the door for a moment, her head still swimming.
"Drink some water," Sebastian offered. "You didn't mention you got motion sickness, Ms. Langston."
She took a small sip, waiting for the nausea to pass.
"I usually don't," she murmured.
At least, she never felt sick when Orion was driving.
Sebastian drove exactly like he lived-reckless and full of attitude.
Orion was entirely different; his driving was always steady and controlled.
She suspected the person tailing them had indeed been Orion. Otherwise, Sebastian wouldn't have reacted so strongly.
But was Orion really that easy to lose?
After all, whenever Sebastian faced the Langstons, he maintained an aloof, unbothered facade.
Pushing the thought aside, she followed him into the spa.
The interior decor was surprisingly tacky and grounded.
Sebastian eyed the cheap aesthetics with blatant disgust before walking straight to
the front desk. "Where is Mr. Hale's private locker? Locker 38."
The receptionist looked taken aback. "And you are?"
"I'm his lawyer. I've been instructed to retrieve the contents of his locker."
At the word 'lawyer,' the receptionist instantly grew guarded and called for the manager.
The manager arrived and assessed Sebastian. "Mr. Hale hasn't been here in a while. Why would he send his lawyer to pick up his things?"
"He's been locked up. I'm here on his behalf. Is there a problem?"
Sebastian's tone was incredibly haughty.
Lemira stepped in, addressing the manager. "It's true. We have the combination as well. Here is Attorney Bennett's business card If you have any concerns later, you can verify it with Lyria Centra Precinct." 
?
The manager was actually aware of Hale's arrest. It had been a while since he last visited, and some guys
from Elite Showroom had
mentioned during a massage that Hale had gotten himself thrown in jail. s?novels
However, since the locker rental hadn't expired, no one had touched it.
He just hadn't expected a lawyer to show up.
The manager hesitated. "But he didn't tell me personally."
Lemira seamlessly slid a thick manila envelope across the counter. "Do us a favor. We're just following his instructions. He's locked away, and it's not like he's getting out anytime soon." 
Feeling the weight of the envelope, the manager's attitude instantly warmed. "Well,
in that case, right this way."
He led them down the hall.
Sebastian shot Lemira a look of utter bewilderment. "Do you know what that kind of behavior is called?"
"It's called making things easier for others so they make things easier for you."
She glanced back at him. "Are you always this rigidly righteous, Attorney Bennett?"
He paused. "I just didn't think it was necessary to waste money here."
"If it gets us the evidence smoothly, it's worth every penny."
###Chapter 994
She was desperate to secure the evidence and make the Sinclair family pay for what they had done. A few hundred dollars meant nothing.
They entered the men's locker room. Locker 38 looked entirely unremarkable.
When they opened it, they found nothing but a change of clothes and a water bottle. No USB drive.
Lemira pulled everything out and searched thoroughly. It simply wasn't there.
Sebastian looked perplexed. "That doesn't make sense. Hale explicitly said the drive was in here."
"Could he be lying again to stall for time?"
"Highly unlikely. Could someone else have taken it?"
Lemira turned to the manager. "Has anyone else opened this locker?"
"I really couldn't say," the manager replied, looking confused. "Should we check the security footage?"
Just then, a janitor walked past. "I saw someone opening that locker a few minutes ago."
Lemira rushed over to her. "When? What were they wearing? Did you see their face?"
"Just now. They had on a plain gray hoodie and a cap. I couldn't see their face." Without another word, Lemira bolted toward the exit.
She threw a look over her shoulder at Sebastian. "Split up. Let's find him."
He nodded and sprinted in the opposite direction.
Bursting through the main entrance, Lemira immediately spotted a man in a cap and gray hoodie.
"Stop!" she yelled. "Hand over the drive!"
The man flinched and immediately broke into a run.
She hadn't been entirely certain it was him, but his panicked flight confirmed it. He was the one who had taken the USB.
Who could have possibly gotten here ahead of her?
Her mind was racing, sensi
something was fundamentally wrong, but there was no time to figure it out now. She just needed to catch him. 
She chased him down the street.
The man clearly knew the area well and darted into a narrow alleyway. Without hesitation, Lemira pursued him.
She kept the pressure on until she finally cornered him in a dead end.
Panting, the masked man pulled out a pocketknife, his eyes glaring viciously. "Take one more step, and I'll cut you."
Lemira casually rolled up her sleeves. "Who paid you to take that drive?"
"Why the hell would I tell you?"
She lunged, swiftly kicking the knife out of his hand before hand before delivering
Cut that sent him
crashing to the pavement. .net>
Pressing her boot into his back, she wrenched his arm upward. "Where is it?"
As she applied pressure, the man cried out in pain. "In... in my pocket!"
She reached in and pulled out the small USB drive.
Staring down at him, she demanded, "Who sent you? Speak!"
Before he could answer, the heavy thud of footsteps echoed behind her Several rough-looking men covered in tattoos blocked the alley exit. They were clearly trouble. 
The man on the ground desperately yelled, "Boss, help me!"
Lemira stood up, facing the thugs. "Whoever hired you, I'll pay double. Just tell me who sent you."
The leader spat on the ground. "We have a code in our line of work. Boys, get that drive back and teach this b*** a lesson."
They pulled out their weapons and advanced.
She locked her eyes on them, bracing herself. She would fight to the death before giving up this drive.
Suddenly, a tall, commanding figure stepped into the alley behind the thugs.
The man's voice was freezing cold. "Hey. Your opponent is right here."
###Chapter 995
Lemira looked up and was stunned to see Orion Everhart.
She never expected him to track her down here.
With measured elegance, Orion shrugged off his tailored suit jacket and loosened his tie. He lifted his gaze, his eyes sweeping over the thugs with predatory arrogance.
His polished leather shoes clicked against the pavement as he strolled right through the center of the bewildered gang.
A suffocating aura of lethal dominance radiated from him, freezing the men in their tracks.
He didn't stop until he was standing directly in front of Lemira. Only then did he slowly turn to face the thugs.
His gaze was laced with absolute contempt. "To save time, come at me all at once." The leader finally snapped out of his daze. "Get him! Cripple them both!"
As the men charged, Lemira moved to join the fight, but he threw a command over his shoulder. "Stay there. Don't move."
She watched in awe as he used his heavy suit jacket as an improvised weapon, his broad, powerful shoulders moving with lethal precision. The image of his back was instantly seared into her memory.
She only hesitated for a second before grabbing a broken chair leg from a pile of trash and charging in with a fierce yell.
It took barely any effort to leave the entire gang g*** on the concrete.
The leader, now sporting a heavily bruised face, scrambled backward, begging for mercy. "Stop, stop! My new dental implants just got knocked out again!"
Lemira tossed the shattered piece of wood aside and stood over him. "Who sent you?"
"I... I just saw you chasing my guy. I thought you caught him stealing, so I brought the boys to help him out!"
Lemira froze, turning to look for the man in the cap, only to realize he had vanished in the chaos.
They weren't working together?
Orion looked at her. "I'll have my people track him down."
"No need. I've already got him."
Sebastian strolled into the alley, dragging Finn the Drifter by the
collar. The thief's face was freshly
bruised, having clearly end
another beating 
A relieved smile broke across Lemira's face. "Thank God you caught him."
"Of course. When it comes to my job, I'm highly effective."
Sebastian shot Orion a calculating look, clicking his tongue. So, the billionaire had tagged along after all.
Lemira turned her attention to Finn. "Start talking, or I'm going to make this very unpleasant for you."
"I'll talk! I'll talk was gaming at the
internet cafe today, and some player messaged me. Offered me easy cash to grab something from a ocker at Blue Velvet Spa and mail it to them. I had no idea it was stolen property!" 
Lemira scoffed. "You didn't know? Let me guess, this isn't your first time stealing."
The gang leader had just admitted he thought Finn was caught lifting something, which meant the kid was a known petty thief.
"The payout was huge! I figured I'd
take the risk. I'm just an errand boy! I had barely grabbed the drive when
you guys showed up. The second I heard lawyer knew I was, S*** content 
Orion's cold voice cut in. "Where's the address?"
"They said to log back into the game once I had it, and they'd send me the shipping details then."
Lemira and Orion exchanged a sharp look. "Take us to the internet cafe," she ordered. "Contact them and get that address."
Once they had the address, they would finally know who was desperate enough to steal the evidence.
Sebastian shoved the thief forward. "If you try anything stupid, I'll see you rot in a
cell. With your existing record, they'll throw the book at you."
"I... I'll do exactly what you say! Just please don't call the cops."
The group marched toward the nearby internet cafe.
Lemira glanced up at Orion. His expensive tailored shirt was ruined, torn and stained from the fight.
###Chapter 996
"Are you alright?" she asked.
Orion's gaze fell on her face, a flicker of surprise in his eyes at her concern.
She awkwardly looked away. "Don't get the wrong idea. I'm just asking."
A faint smile touched his lips. Instinctively shielding his injured arm from her view, he looked at her profile and murmured softly, "I'm fine."
Hearing his reassurance, she let out a quiet breath of relief but didn't look back up at him.
Walking slightly ahead with the thief in tow, Sebastian caught the exchange. He let out a loud, contemptuous scoff, though it wasn't clear exactly who it was directed at. They quickly reached the internet cafe.
However, when Finn logged into the game, the mysterious buyer was completely offline and unresponsive to messages.
Lemira checked the screen. It was a brand-new burner account.
She frowned. "I have a bad feeling about this. They aren't going to log back in."
Given the massive commotion outside the spa, anyone with half a brain would know the drop had been compromised. They wouldn't be stupid enough to hand over an address now.
Orion said calmly, "Look on the bright side. At least the drive is in our hands."
Lemira nodded. "You're right. That's the most important part."
Sebastian snorted. "It also proves whatever is on here is incredibly damaging. Looks like Hale wasn't bluffing."
She looked at both men. "Alright, let's go."
Sebastian patted the thief on the shoulder. "What do we do with this one?"
Noticing the guy was barely an adult, Lemira pulled out a thin manila envelope of cash and handed it to him.
"If they contact you again, call this number and tell me," she instructed.
Sebastian clicked his tongue in disapproval. "Why pay him? Just threaten him with jail time if he doesn't comply."
The young thief looked at Lemira in disbelief, clutching the money.
"And stop stealing," she added firmly, before turning and walking out.
Once outside, she looked down at the small device in her hand. "We need to see what's on this."
"I have my laptop in the car," Sebastian said. "We can check it right now and make a backup, just in case someone tries anything else."
Lemira nodded, preparing to follow him.
She paused and glanced back at Orion. "Thank you for what you did today."
Sebastian immediately stepped
between them, glaring at Orion
defensively. "As the defendant in the upcoming case, Mr. Everhart needs to keep a strict distance from key evidence. Back off." 
Orion's jaw tightened. His hatred for the lawyer was growing by the second. Why had he ever encouraged Lemira to hire this insufferable prick?
Focused entirely on seeing the evidence, Lemira didn't notice the silent war between the two men.
She got into Sebastian's car, leaving Orion standing alone on the sidewalk.
A short distance away, a sleek black sedan sat parked in the shadows, quietly observing the scene.
Inside, Sophia Sinclair was in a state of sheer panic. "That b*** Lemira got the drive back! What do we do now? Your guys were completely useless!"
The middle-aged man sitting next to her casually draped a heavy arm over her shoulders. "Say the word, and send more men to snatch it right out of their hands." 
"Then do it! If they open it, they'll copy the files!"
Sophia was frantic, but her breath hitched as the man's thick fingers trailed down to her chest. His voice dropped into a sleazy, suggestive purve already done half the job, and haven't even gotten a taste of you yet. Give me a little incentive, hm?" 
She froze, trying not to recoil as his greasy hands forced their way under her
clothes, groping her aggressively.
###Chapter 997
Inside the car.
Lemira sat in the passenger seat, her eyes locked anxiously on the laptop screen, completely unaware of what the evidence would entail.
The USB drive was nearly empty, containing only a single video file.
As Sebastian clicked play, the screen revealed Mrs. Amelia actively bribing Hale with stacks of cash. Every word of their arrangement was recorded crystal clear.
Judging by the background, the footage was taken in Hale's living room. There were even little girl's clothes and toys scattered on the sofa.
A triumphant smile spread across Sebastian's face. "Well, there's your smoking gun. The Sinclair family is finally going down for what they did."
Lemira felt a massive wave of relief. "We actually have it."
"Yeah, and we almost lost it. Who the hell managed to get there before us?"
She looked at him. "Did anyone else hear Hale mention the location? Could it have been Evelina?"
"She was still dangling out the window. There's no way she heard. The only people there were the two guards who came to escort him back, and a janitor cleaning the hall."
Lemira thought for a moment. "Then the leak definitely came from one of them."
Sebastian studied her face. "The Sinclairs have been suspiciously quiet lately. They were probably plotting this exact move."
Remembering her unpleasant run-in with them the night before, she knew he was
right.
"Their company is tanking. I assumed they were too busy putting out their own fires. I didn't think they'd have the resources to pull something like this."
She had underestimated them.
Sebastian raised an eyebrow. "Sophia Sinclair has been going on endless blind dates lately. She's probably hunting for a new sugar daddy. If she found a powerful backer, pulling this off wouldn't be hard."
"That makes sense."
Lemira glanced out the window and noticed Orion was still standing on the curb, seemingly waiting for news.
Her eyes zeroed in on the sleeve of his dark shirt. The fabric looked unusually heavy, clinging to his arm as if it were wet.
Was he bleeding?
Without a second thought, she opened the door and walked toward him. He was holding a lit cigarette, the top buttons of his shirt undone, revealing the sharp line of his collarbone. 
Looking bored, Orion brought the cigarette to his lips. When he heard the familiar sound of her footsteps, be paused and lowered his hand "What was on the drive?" 
"Direct video evidence of Mrs. Amelia paying for the hit."
He nodded. "A crucial piece of evidence. No wonder they tried to steal it."
"Attorney Bennett and I think the Sinclairs orchestrated this. Thank God we stopped them."
At the mention of the lawyer's name, Orion's tongue pressed hard against the inside of his cheek I have my people keep a close watch on the Sinclairs. Keep that evidence safe." 
"It's already backed up. Even if they manage to steal the physical drive now, it won't save them."
The crushing weight on her chest had finally lifted.
Her gaze drifted back to his arm. "You're hurt."
He stiffened, the hand holding the cigarette completely still. "It's just a scratch," he said, his voice a little strained.
"Let me see."
She gently took his arm and pulled the fabric back, revealing a deep, jagged gash. It was obviously a blade wound from the fight.
She frowned deeply. "You're bleeding this much, and you call it a scratch?"
At her proximity and blatant concern, his long fingers went rigid. The cigarette slipped from his grasp and hit the pavement.
He crushed it under his shoe, his Adam's apple bobbing. "I didn't feel it during the adrenaline rush. It stings a bit now."
"You need to get to a hospital and have this disinfected. It probably needs stitches." The heat of his skin radiated against her palm.
He looked down at her, his dark eyes unreadable. "Worried about me?"
She immediately dropped his arm. "You helped me out back there. It's the least I can do."
###Chapter 998
"Since I helped you, you can drive me to the hospital. We'll call it even."
Lemira hesitated at his suggestion.
Orion pressed his advantage. "I can't exactly drive myself like this."
She glanced at the bloody gash on his arm, then at his solitary figure standing on the curb. After a moment's thought, she nodded. "Alright. I'll take you."
She walked back to Sebastian's car. "You take the evidence and head back."
"What about you?"
She gestured toward Orion. "He's hurt. I'm driving him to the ER."
Sebastian leaned out the window, his expression cynical. "Just be careful. Some guys love playing the wounded martyr to get what they want."
"He got hurt protecting the drive," she corrected him. "If he hadn't stepped in, it would be gone, and I'd probably be the one bleeding right now."
Sebastian clicked his tongue in annoyance. If he hadn't taken a wrong turn during the chase, he would have been the one fighting beside her. Now, Orion was getting all the credit for playing the hero.
He narrowed his eyes. "So, my contribution means nothing?"
"Thank you for catching the thief, Attorney Bennett. I really appreciate it."
She smiled, the corners of her eyes curving beautifully.
He stared at her for a second. "How are you going to thank me?"
"I'll treat you to dinner when this is all over."
Sebastian leaned back in his seat, looking pleased. "Your taste in restaurants is terrible. I'll pick the place, you foot the bill."
She laughed and nodded. "Deal. Get home safe."
She stepped back and waved as he pulled away. As he drove past Orion, Sebastian deliberately rolled his window up with a sharp, dismissive whir.
Lemira walked back to Orion. "Where's your car?"
"Across the street."
She spotted the familiar luxury vehicle, and they walked across the road together.
As they passed a parked black sedan, the vehicle suddenly began to rock rhythmically on its suspension.
Lemira glanced over, and the realization of what was happening inside instantly hit her.
Were people really hooking up in a parked car right here?
Orion smoothly lifted a hand to cover her eyes. "Keep walking. Don't look at that trash."
Her face flushed with heat. Clearly, he had realized it too.
The moment they walked past, a pair of hands slammed frantically against the tinted glass of the sedan.
Sophia watched Orion walk away, desperate to scream for help, but a pair of sweaty, thick hands clamped down over her mouth, completely silencing her. 
Beneath her skirt, gross hands groped her relentlessly. Mr. Gregory Jones pressed her into the leather seats, kissing her neck and panting heavily.
Suffocating despair washed over her. She had been completely played by this man.
He chuckled wetly against her skin. "They weren't kidding about the city's top socialite. Your skin is soft as silk."
She gritted her teeth, tears of humiliation streaming down her face. "You promised you'd get the drive back. They're getting away!"
"Do I look stupid to you? That was
Orion Everhart out there. If I showed my face I'd be a dead man The Everhart family isn't someone you just mess with. We'll have to find another way, sweetheart." 
She slapped him hard across the face. "Get your hands off me!"
Mr. Jones snarled, backhanding her across the cheek before wrapping a hand brutally around her throat.
"Who the hell do you think you'ronet
hitting you stupid b***? Your mother sold you to me, you hear? own you. I'll take you however the hell I want." 
With a violent tear, her dress ripped open. She was completely powerless to fight him off.
As she stared in the direction Orion and Lemira had vanished, a venomous, all- consuming hatred burned in her eyes.
This was all their fault.
###Chapter 999
Lemira slid into the driver's seat, only to realize her feet couldn't even reach the pedals.
Were his legs really that long?
As she fumbled around trying to figure out how to adjust the seat, Orion suddenly leaned in over her, reaching down to slide the chair forward.
With him leaning across her, she was hyper-aware of his sheer size and the heavy, musky scent of his cologne. The proximity was overwhelming.
"I can do it," she said quickly, her voice slightly breathless.
He pulled back and settled into the passenger seat. Watching her firmly grip the steering wheel, a faint, genuine smile tugged at his lips.
After finding the right position, she sat up straight, though driving such a massive car still felt foreign to her.
She glanced at him. "Buckle up."
"I trust your driving," he murmured.
With a smooth press of the accelerator, she pulled out into traffic. The ride was silent.
She focused entirely on the road, not daring to let her attention slip.
After a few minutes, she realized she hadn't asked an important question. "Which hospital?"
"Whichever. If you're in a hurry, the nearest one is fine."
She pressed her lips together. Why didn't he ask to go to the Everhart private hospital?
He would obviously get the absolute best care there.
She didn't say anything, but her mind was already made up.
Watching the route she was taking, Orion quickly realized where they were heading.
A soft, satisfied light flickered in his dark eyes.
In an excellent mood, he rested his uninjured arm on the console, his fingers tapping a light, rhythmic beat.
Soon, the car pulled up to the grand entrance of the Everhart private hospital.
She put it in park and looked at him. "You'll get the best treatment here. Their staff will take care of you."
After all, he was the Everhart heir.
He stepped out of the car and looked back at her. "How are you getting home?"
"I'm grabbing a cab back to Lyria Remand Center to pick up my own car."
Her vehicle was still parked there from when she left with Sebastian earlier.
A sudden, heavy silence fell between them, thick with unresolved tension. "I'm leaving," she finally said.
Orion stood completely still, watching her drive away without another word.
He glanced down at his bleeding arm. The timing of this injury really was perfect. She had always been a soft-hearted woman.
Pulling out his phone, his tone shifted to pure ice. "Look into the Sinclair family's recent activities."
They were almost certainly behind today's ambush.
But he needed to know exactly who was bankrolling them, because the Sinclairs definitely didn't have this kind of power on their own. 
Lemira drove back to her university. The entire day had been a chaotic blur of adrenaline.
They had come terrifyingly close to losing everything.
Her phone buzzed. It was Lucian Langston. "Did you secure the evidence?"
"Yes. We had a close call-the Sinclairs almost got to it first."
Lucian sounded immediately anxious. "What happened? Why didn't you call us?"
"What good would that have done? You guys couldn't even handle them before."
Silence hung on the line for a moment. "As long as it's safe. Thank you for handling it."
"Was there anything else?"
"Lemmy, Caspian, Alaric, and Rowan are coming home tonight. If you have time, come have dinner with us."
The news caught her off guard.
Caspian had gone to Rowan to get his face surgically repaired after it was ruined. If he was coming back, did that mean the surgery was success? 
She collected her thoughts. "I've cut all ties with the family. Why would I attend your little reunion?"
"Lemmy, what are you saying? We
might have had our issues, but we're still family. We've always stood together when it comes to Mom and Dad. Rowan is coming back specifically for the case."
Her voice was frigid. "That is his duty as their son. It has nothing to do with whether
I eat dinner there or not."
###Chapter 1000
"Of course it does," Asher's voice suddenly cut in over the line. "Lemira, Rowan has been abroad for years. He dropped massive pharmacological research projects just to come back for this. You owe him the respect of showing up. Besides, billionaires and elites practically beg for his medical expertise. Having a good relationship with him will benefit you."
"I don't need his help."
She was about to hang up when Lucian quickly added, "You might not, but what about the Everharts? The Sinclairs are using Mrs. Amanda's illness to blackmail you both. If Rowan can treat her, all of your problems are solved."
Lemira froze, hanging up without a word.
Her mind raced. He was right. In her past life, Rowan Langston became a globally renowned medical researcher. His labs produced breakthrough drugs that cured previously untreatable conditions.
If Rowan took Mrs. Amanda's case, there might genuinely be hope.
A kidney transplant was incredibly hard on the body. If Rowan had an experimental drug treatment, she could avoid the surgery entirely.
Thinking of Orion standing on the side of the street today, bleeding to protect her, a suffocating wave of guilt hit her.
He had done so much for her. It was time she did something for him.
She picked up her phone and texted Lucian: "I'll come home for dinner."
He replied instantly: "Great. What do you want to eat? I'll have the kitchen make it." "Anything is fine."
Her thoughts were entirely consumed by Mrs. Amanda's illness.
That evening, Lemira drove to the Langston Estate.
As she pulled through the gates, the mansion was brilliantly illuminated. Decorative lights strung through the gardens made it look like they were celebrating a grand holiday.
Whenever she used to come home, the house had always felt cold and lifeless.
She parked and walked slowly toward the grand entrance, the sounds of warm laughter drifting out from the living room.
Evelina, heavily pregnant, was sitting in the center of the room, chatting animatedly. The brothers were all smiling, the atmosphere picture-perfect and harmonious.
Standing in the doorway, the scene triggered a bitter memory from her past life.
Evelina had always fit perfectly into their dynamic. Around her, they acted like true siblings. Lemira had always been the outsider.
Just like right now. A cynical smirk touched her lips.
The new butler approached her respectfully. "Welcome home, Ms. Lemira."
At the announcement, every head in the living room turned toward the entrance.
The warm, familial atmosphere vanished instantly, as if a freezing blizzard had swept through the room, wiping the smiles off her brothers' faces.
Lemira gave a faint, detached smile and walked inside.
Lucian stood up quickly. "Lemmy, you're here. We were waiting for you."
She ignored him entirely, her gaze sweeping past him as she kept walking.
Evelina waddled forward, her voice dripping with artificial sweetness "Lemmy, the chefs made all your favorites!
"wan even brought you a
present from abroad." Content" 
Ignoring her as well, Lemira walked straight to the memorial altar of her parents and
lit three floral tributes.
The room descended into a suffocating silence.
She turned to look at Evelina. "Have you paid your respects and begged my parents
for forgiveness yet today?"
The color drained from Evelina's
face. She looked pitifully at the man standing nearby. "I... was busy helping set up the Réunion Dinner for Rowan today. I didn't have time." 
At that moment, Rowan Langston stood up.
.nét
He was exceptionally tall and thin, his features sharp but cast in a perpetual gloom. His skin was pale, a luminous, almost sickly paltor from years locked away witho
sunlight
He walked toward Lemira, looking down at her.
When she looked up to meet his eyes, was she imagining the faint flicker of gentleness in his gaze?
###Chapter 1001
Lemira Langston stared up at Rowan, her mind drifting. In her past life, she had
barely seen her third brother. He was always busy with his medical research, locked away in his private island laboratory. He had practically never come home. Their only real meeting had been on the operating table.
After all, in that life, no one had discovered that her parents' deaths were tied to Evelina's father and the Sinclair family.
Lemira's relationship with Rowan had been distant at best.
Yet, in her past life, she had idolized him. She had treated him like a hero.
She believed she had never done anything to wrong him, but in the end, he was the one who pushed her onto the operating table, cutting her open to harvest her kidney.
She still remembered that suffocating wave of despair.
A faint, mocking smile touched Lemira's lips at the memory.
A second later, Rowan reached out to her. Lemira dodged his hand, her body tense with caution.
It didn't matter how gentle he seemed now; she could never forget the absolute helplessness she felt lying under his scalpel.
Rowan's hand froze in midair. "Lemira," he said softly. "It's been so many years. You've grown so much."
Lemira's tone was flat. "It's been years. It'd be a medical miracle if I hadn't."
Asher Langston frowned. "Lemira, Rowan is just checking on you. What kind of attitude is that?"
Rowan waved him off. "Asher, it's fine. I've been away for years. It's only natural that my own sister feels distant from me. I understand."
Lemira didn't reply. She couldn't care less whether he understood or not.
She turned her cold gaze to Evelina Sterling. "Since you didn't don the proper mourning attire and stand vigil today, you can do it right now. Everyone's here to witness it."
Evelina looked horrified, immediately shooting a desperate plea toward Rowan.
Right now, she felt Rowan was her only lifeline the only one who hadn't been around to see what she had done.
But Asher beat him to the punch. "Lemira, let's eat first. A day's delay won't hurt." Lemira didn't budge.
Rowan spoke up. "Asher, I think Lemira is right. Rules are rules. Dinner can wait. Let's get this over with."
Evelina froze. Did this mean he was actually going to make her stand in a humiliating vigil?
Why wasn't Rowan defending her?
This wasn't right.
She had just spent the last hour buttering him up, convinced he would take her side.
Lemira glanced at Rowan in surprise. He actually wasn't siding with Evelina? What went wrong?
In her previous life, the moment Rowan heard Evelina's lies, he had believed the two-faced girl without hesitation.
Had her rebirth triggered a butterfly effect, shifting Rowan's loyalties too?
The new butler quickly brought out a severe black mourning dress and
h?nded it to Evelina. Left with
mo
way out, she gritted her teeth and
put it on. 
She swore to herself that the second she gave birth, she would leave the Langston
family forever. She wouldn't stay in this hellhole.
Standing to the side, Lemira
watched Evelina bow her head imet
silent, humiliating penance. Only then did the heavy knot in her chest loosen a little. 
Earlier, seeing Evelina laughing and chatting with the Langston brothers had dragged up all the horrific memories of her past life.
The sheer indignity of being kept in the dark back then still fueled her rage.
Rowan turned to Lemira, his voice gentle. "Feeling a little better?"
Lemira's expression remained indifferent. "No amount of petty revenge will bring our parents back. What's the point?"
Asher looked displeased. "If you think it's pointless, then why did you force Evelina into such a humiliating display?"
Caspian Langston stormed over.
einlood."
"Because it's exactly what she deservest How is it a big deal? If she wasn't pregnant, I would've made her pay her father's debts in The nerve she has, still freeloading off the Langstons!" 
###Chapter 1002
Asher was caught off guard by the outburst. "Caspian, you can't say that. She's carrying Evander's only child."
Caspian didn't back down. "Even if it's Evander's kid, it means nothing compared to our parents' blood debt. You're all too soft. If I had been here earlier, the Black family wouldn't have seen a single good day. I'd have ended them myself!"
Hearing Caspian's venomous words, a cold shiver ran down Evelina's spine. She knew better than anyone that Caspian's explosive temper meant he was fully capable of making good on that threat.
Evelina instinctively shrank behind Evander Langston, whispering, "I did help you get the evidence, didn't I?"
They couldn't just burn the bridge after crossing it.
Caspian glared at her. "You'd better stand vigil and repent every single day. Otherwise, you're going to suffer."
Lemira studied Caspian's face. If she looked closely, she could still see a few faint scars, but the difference from before was staggering.
She had to admit, Rowan's medical tech was phenomenal. No wonder so many elites were desperate to get in his good graces.
Caspian touched his cheek. "It's still a little visible, but Rowan said that once it heals a bit more, we'll do one final round of treatments."
Lemira nodded. "It does look a lot better."
That was just a fact.
Caspian looked at her, almost eager to please. "We really owe it all to you. If you hadn't realized something was off with Evelina, we never would've tracked down the truth. Us brothers... we were blind compared to you."
Lucian Langston nodded in agreement. "Exactly. This is all Lemmy's doing. None of us should forget that."
Asher cleared his throat. "Lemira, no matter how much you fight with us, there will always be a place for you here. We're your brothers, and we've got your back."
Lemira's face remained utterly blank at his words.
Got her back?
In her past life, she had foolishly believed those exact words—and it had led to a brutal, agonizing death. Only an idiot would fall for it twice.
Rowan looked at Lemira. "I specifically prepared some of the Regeni?kin Advanced Scar Serum for you. It's excellent for skincare. If you don't need it, you can always gift it to a friend." 
Lemira stared at the serum in the box and made no move to take it.
In her past life, Evelina had injured her own neck, framed Lemira for it, and then slashed Lemira's face. Rowan had used her ruined face as a test subject for his experiments.
By the time he finally perfected the Regeniskin serum, her face had been destroyed beyond repair.
This serum was nothing but a nightmare to her.
She didn't want it.
Caspian chimed in. "Lemira, you
can't even buy this stuff with money. Celebrities and billionaires are
begging for The results are incredible, and the stock is super limited. Rowan gave you hisentire personal stash." 
It was supposed to be a grand gesture of how much he valued her.
Lemira's tone was icy. "I don't need it."
She turned on her heel and headed toward the dining room.
Lucian sighed. "Rowan, don't take it personally. Lemmy had a massive falling out with the family. She's furious with all of us, and unfortunately, you're caught in the crossfire."
Asher agreed. "Exactly. You've been away this whole time; you haven't done anything to her. It's ridiculous for her to throw your kindness back in your face like that. That serum priceless 
Rowan let out a helpless sigh. "Just leave it in her room later. Building a relationship takes time."
Beside him, Evelina stared at the box with greedy eyes. "Rowan, could I have a little bit? I really need it. I'm getting stretch marks on my stomach, and they look awful."
Rowan's gaze swept over her. "Sure. I'll have Evander bring you some later." Evelina beamed, but she couldn't shake the feeling that his eyes were dead and freezing when he looked at her. Was it just her imagination?
Once Lemira took her seat in the dining room, her brothers filed in one by one.
Asher was the first to speak. "Lemira, didn't you have a favor to ask Rowan? If you don't bring it up now, how long are you going to drag this out?"
###Chapter 1003
At Asher's words, Lemira's grip tightened around her silverware.
She hadn't figured out how to ask yet, or if she even wanted to.
But now that Asher had blurted it out in front of everyone, the air turned incredibly awkward.
She instinctively shot a glare at Lucian. She hadn't expected him to have such a big mouth and immediately tattle to Asher.
Lucian quickly backpedaled, looking guilty. "Lemmy, I swear I just mentioned it to him in passing. I didn't think he'd bring it up at the table."
Lemira's lips pressed into a thin line. Same as always.
Sensing the tension, Evelina eagerly jumped in. "Lemmy, what is it that you need from Rowan? Just tell him! He's so good to you, I'm sure he wouldn't say no."
Rowan raised his eyes and leveled a glacial stare at Evelina.
The sheer hostility in his gaze terrified her, snapping her mouth shut instantly.
Only then did Rowan turn back to Lemira, his voice softening. "Eat first. Whatever you need, the answer is yes."
Caspian, sitting nearby, bounced with excitement. "Lemira, you have to trust Rowan. He's a genius."
Alaric Langston nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah, there's nothing he can't fix."
Rowan shook his head. "Don't say that. I was kept in the dark about our parents, just like the rest of you. We only found out because Lemira was sharp enough to catch the clues. Otherwise, our parents wouldn't have ever rested in peace."
His tone was perfectly even, but Evelina felt a sudden, inexplicable chill seep into her bones.
It suddenly dawned on her why he was being so cold to her. It was because of her father. But she hadn't been the one to orchestrate the accident-why was he taking it out on her?
Lucian tried to smooth things over. "Let's just eat. Everyone, eat."
Asher scoffed under his breath, clearly thinking Lemira's current attitude was utterly ungrateful.
As soon as the meal ended, Lemira headed straight for the restroom.
When she walked out, Asher was waiting for her, clearly looking for a fight.
uj
He crossed his arms. "Lemira, how long are you going to keep this ridiculous feud going? Fine, the rest of us were stupid enough to get played by Evelina, and we treated you badly. You have every right to be mad at us. But Rowan hasn't done a single thing to hurt you, has he?" 
Lemira stood by the sink, drying her hands. On the surface, Asher was right. So far
in this life, Rowan hadn't laid a finger on her.
Maybe because she had exposed Hale's plot early, the family's dynamic had shifted. The horrific kidney harvest of her past life would probably never happen now.
But she still couldn't get past the psychological barrier.
She remained silent, refusing to engage.
But Asher was relentless. "Lemira, Rowan is back now, and with his connections, the Langston family will be perfectly the. So stop burning bridges, do you understand? Rowan owes you nothing." 
Lemira shot him a dry look. "And none of that has anything to do with me."
"How does it not have anything to do with you? Stop right there and explain yourself."
Asher stepped into her path, blocking her exit. "What exactly do you want before you agree to drop this grudge?"
Lemira frowned. "Move."
Just then, Rowan walked over. "Asher, stop barking at her."
"I'm not barking at her! If she'd just listen to reason like she used to, I wouldn't have to raise my voice."
Seeing Rowan, Asher visibly reined in his temper.
Rowan turned his attention to Lemira. "Since we're done with dinner, how about we take a walk in the garden?"
Lemira had no desire to stay here and argue with Asher. Without a word, she spun on her heel and walked away.
Asher opened his mouth to snap at her retreating back, but Rowan cut him off. "Let it go, Asher. It doesn't matter how she treats me in her eyes, ut probably just like the rest of you. Honestly, if I hadn't been so obsessed with my work, I might have been here to stop you guys from treating her so horribly." 
Reminded of their past mistakes, a flash of guilt crossed Asher's face. "Whatever.
I'm just warning you, she's as stubborn as a mule now. Don't say I didn't warn you."
###Chapter 1004
"I know. I'll go talk to her."
Rowan stepped out to follow Lemira's path.
Outside, the garden was bleak. The trees had lost their leaves, and only a few flowers clung to life.
Lemira stood in the open, letting the biting wind clear her head.
"Aren't you cold out here in just that?"
Rowan's voice drifted to her ear just as the heavy weight of a jacket settled over her shoulders.
Lemira turned her head, instinctively rejecting the gesture. "I'm not cold."
"There's a kind of cold where your brother thinks you're cold."
Rowan's hands rested lightly on her shoulders, his gaze overwhelmingly gentle.
Lemira couldn't handle this version of Rowan. She stepped back sharply, shrugging off his coat.
Rowan sighed, his expression pained. "Are you still hating me, Lemira?"
Her pupils constricted. What did he mean by that?
According to the timeline of this life, there was no bad blood between them. The operating table nightmare hadn't happened yet.
Lemira's eyes narrowed as she tested the waters. "I don't know what you're talking about."
Rowan let out a bitter laugh. "I mean, I've been buried in my research all these years. I never checked in on you. I had no idea you were suffering so much. If I had just paid a little more attention, I wouldn't have let Asher and the others favor Evelina over you."
Lemira lowered her eyelashes. So that was it.
What a joke. If he had come back earlier in her past life, things would have played out exactly the same.
Her hand instinctively brushed against her lower back. If she hadn't changed her fate, she would be missing an organ and carrying a massive scar right there.
Staring out at the pitch-black silhouettes of the trees, she replied flatly, "Even if you had come back earlier, it wouldn't have changed anything."
"It would have."
Rowan's tone suddenly grew desperate. had come back earlier, I would have stopped it all. wouldn't have let Evelina manipulate and hat you wouldn't have let Asher and the others abuse you. wouldn't have been pushed to the point of severing ties with us."
Lemira stared at her shadow on the ground, a self-deprecating smirk tugging at her lips.
"Don't you believe me? I'll prove it to you," he insisted.
Lemira looked up. "There's no need. I have no interest in seeing whatever proof you have to offer."
The light in Rowan's eyes dimmed "Right. You've already exposed the truth on your own. You've already proven how unbelievably stupid we allwere content 
Lemira shoved his jacket back into his hands. "You don't need to do any of this. It's best for everyone if we just keep our distance."
Rowan stared at the jacket for a long moment before slowly reaching out to take it.
He laughed bitterly. "I came back too late. If I had just come back sooner, things wouldn't be like this between us, would they?"
Lemira's eyes flickered as the memory of being strapped to the operating table flashed through her mind.
She knew better.
She had survived entirely on her own strength, not because her brothers had suddenly developed a conscience.
Lemira spoke coldly. "What did you expect? Did you really think I could just bounce back from all the
vel!
traotha and play Happy family with
you guys?" 
She turned to walk away.
Rowan rushed after her. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I won't bring up the past anymore.
We should look forward, not backward."
Lemira headed straight for her standard SUV.
Rowan followed closely. "Tell me what you need me to do. I won't be in Lyria for
long, so let me know soon so I can make the arrangements."
Lemira paused, her hand resting on the car door, struck by hesitation.
Should she ask him?
More importantly, could she trust him?
###Chapter 1005
Lemira wavered.
Rowan's tone was incredibly soothing. "You can trust my medical expertise. I can help you, and I want to help you. I won't ask for a single thing in return."
Lemira looked up at him. "Business is business. I won't let you work for free."
"Just tell me. What do you need?"
He already had a pretty good idea of what she was going to ask.
Lemira explained, "A friend's mother is sick. It's a strange condition, and it's progressing aggressively. The current diagnosis from her doctors is that she needs a kidney transplant."
"And what do you want me to do?"
"I want you to examine her. Find out the root cause of the illness and see if it can be managed with medication. Unless it is absolutely a last resort, I want to avoid a transplant at all costs."
As she finished, she scrutinized Rowan's face. For a fleeting second, his expression shifted into something odd-something she couldn't quite put her finger on.
But he smoothed it over instantly. "Of course. That's a piece of cake for me. This friend... it's Mrs. Amanda, isn't it?"
Lemira nodded.
"Don't get the wrong idea, I just pieced it together," he added smoothly. "Even though I haven't been in Lyria, I've kept tabs on what's been happening. Orion Everhart lied to you, yet you're still willing to go this far for him. That's my sister for you."
Lemira barely reacted to the flattery.
She replied, "I'll coordinate with the Everhart family and set up a time that works for everyone."
"Perfect. I'll do a preliminary exam, and if necessary, I'll fly my team in to manage her treatment."
Lemira's jaw tightened. "How much will this cost?"
Rowan laughed outright. "I just told you. I'm doing this to help you. I won't take anything from you, especially not your money."
Lemira frowned. She despised being indebted to anyone.
She argued, "They're two different things. Your team is putting in time and resources; they deserve to be compensated. Medical research burns through cash."
"It does, but I have a line of billionaires eager to throw cash at me. You're my sister. I'm supposed to spend money on you, not the other way around."
Rowan pulled her car door open. "As much as I'd love for you to stay, I know you won't. Get some rest, and drive safe."
Lemira stared at the open door, a storm of conflicting emotions brewing inside her.
She didn't know if she should hold this timeline's Rowan accountable for the atrocities of her past life.
She slid into the driver's seat and gave him a final glance. "I'll be going now." "Call me anytime."
Rowan stood in the driveway, watching her taillights disappear into the night, his gaze turning dark and unfathomable.
Now that he was back, he would never let her leave the family.
She would always be a Langston.
Lemira drove back to her apartment. As soon as she walked in, her phone buzzed with a friend request.
Note: It's Rowan.
Lemira
her explosive falling out with
deleted all of them on WhatsApp. .net
fantily, she bad blacked and henet
The only she had left was a group chat they had forced her into-one
that excluded Evelina and one ins
contained the brothers Conte .net
She had intended to leave it, but with the ongoing lawsuit, she had held off.
After a moment of thought, she accepted the request.
Since he was going to treat Mrs. Amanda, she couldn't completely shut him out. Rowan's message came through immediately. "Made it back to campus?" "Yes, I'm back."
She didn't correct him about being at her apartment. He didn't need to know her exact whereabouts.
Staring at the chat window, she felt a profound sense of disorientation.
The butterfly effect of her rebirth
had altered the trajectory of so
many things, but she never evel d
to change Rowan this, drastically
Walking into the bathroom to shower, Lemira twisted around to look at her lower
back in the mirror.
###Chapter 1006
Her skin was perfectly smooth. There was no jagged scar.
Her fingers trembled slightly before she pulled her hand away, meeting her own
gaze in the mirror. "Forget it. Overthinking won't change anything."
She would deal with whatever came her way when the time came.
Once she made up her mind, she pushed the anxiety aside.
She was never going to rely on anyone again. As long as she stayed fiercely independent, no one could destroy her.
The next day, Lemira headed to her dorm.
She spotted a familiar-looking little shopping bag sitting on her desk.
Janice poked her head out from her bunk. "Someone dropped that off for you earlier.
Looks like high-end skincare. Is it from your Everhart heir?"
After all, Orion had showered her with lavish gifts before.
Lemira pulled the box out. Sure enough, it was the Regeniskin Advanced Scar
Serum Rowan had tried to give her last night.
She wondered if the formula was the exact same one from her previous life.
She twisted the cap off. The moment the scent hit the air, all color drained from her face.
It was the exact same smell.
But in her past life, this serum had only been perfected after months of horrific experiments on her ruined face!
In this life, none of that had happened. How could the serum exist in its finalized form?
For a terrifying moment, Lemira's mind short-circuited into absolute panic.
Stella Waverly walked over. "Lemira, what's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost."
Janice sniffed the air. "It smells nice. Do you not like it?"
Lemira slammed the jar down on the desk. She grabbed a wet wipe and scrubbed her fingers frantically, glaring at the jar. "No. I don't."
Just the smell was enough to drag her back into the agonizing torture of her past. "If you don't like it, just toss it."
Janice tightly capped the jar. "But seriously, you look sick. Are you allergic to it? Do you need to go to the hospital?"
"No. I'm fine."
Lemira sank into her chair, her eyes locked on the jar, her heart hammering against her ribs.
She felt like her entire reality was slipping out of her control.
What the hell was going on?
Her rebirth had altered the timeline, yet certain massive events were still locking into place.
Was fate just redirecting the tragedies onto other people?
Suddenly, Mrs. Amanda's illness clicked in her mind. A sudden, aggressive disease requiring a kidney transplant.
In her past life, the transplant plot had revolved entirely around her and Evelina.
Lemira didn't know if it was a horrifying coincidence, but the parallel made her blood run cold.
Stella handed her a glass of water. "Lemira, who actually sent you this? Was it not the Everhart guy?"
"No. I stopped by the Langston estate last night. Because of the ongoing trial, all my brothers are back in town. Including my third brother, Rowan."
Stella gasped. "I've heard of him! He's a medical genius. He recently launched this miracle scar serum, and the elite socialites are literally fighting ever buy it overit You ca with money right now." 
Janice looked skeptical. "Is it really that magical? Sounds like a scam. It's not like the Langston brothers have a track record of being decent human beings." 
Lemira nodded toward the desk. "That's the serum right there."
Stella's eyes went wide. "I heard this stuff goes for thousands of dollars an ounce. You have two whole jars. If you flipped these on the black market, you'd make tens o thousands." 
Janice still wasn't buying it. "Are you serious? Lemira looked like she wanted to
vomit just smelling it."
"The results are real," Lemira said quietly.
She had to admit that much.
But staring at the jar, a suffocating dread wrapped around her throat.
She was suddenly terrified that this new life was just an elaborate hallucination.
What if she woke up tomorrow, still locked inside that psychiatric ward?
What if she was just a crazy woman making all of this up?
###Chapter 1007
The little jar of Regeniskin sat there like Pandora's box.
She was too terrified to even touch it.
"Lemira, are you okay? Your hands are freezing," Stella said, gripping her fingers tightly.
Lemira looked up at Janice. "Throw it away."
"On it."
Though it physically pained Janice to throw away something so ridiculously expensive, she shoved the jar back into the bag, ready to chuck it in the trash.
If it caused Lemira this much distress, it belonged in the garbage.
"Wait."
Lemira's face was still pale, but she stopped her friend. "Don't throw it out yet."
Janice paused. "Is there some crazy backstory to this? You look like you absolutely despise it."
"I do," Lemira admitted.
Lemira turned to Stella. "You have that massive surgical scar on your leg, right? If you use this, it'll fade significantly. You'll finally be able to wear cute dresses and shorts again."
Stella froze, then shook her head rapidly. "No way. Even if the scar fades, I'd never have the guts to wear stuff like that."
"Why not? I'm designing custom orthotics for you. Once they're done, no one will even notice a difference."
Lemira squeezed Stella's hand. "Don't refuse to use it just because of me. My hatred for this serum has nothing to do with how well it works."
"Then what is it? Did they treat you like a lab rat when they were developing it?"
Lemira hesitated. "It's complicated. Rowan gave it to me, but ever since he got back, his attitude toward me has been incredibly strange."
"How strange?" Stella asked. "I mean, all your other brothers were blindly obsessed with Evelina and treated you like trash. I assumed this one was cut from the same cloth."
Lemira nodded. "That's exactly what I thought. But it's the complete opposite. He treats me amazingly well and completely ignores Evelina."
Stella pointed out, "Now that they all know her father conspired with the Sinclair family, anyone who still treats her well would have to be out of their mind."
"I'm just not used to it. Something feels deeply wrong."
Lemira swallowed the rest of her words. She couldn't tell them about her past life.
It sounded insane. Who would believe that she had died and come back?
If word got out, people would just assume she was schizophrenic.
And after enduring the absolute horror of the psychiatric ward in ber past life, she was terrified of ever going back. That place could shatter the sanity of ever the strongest person. 
Janice nodded sympathetically. "I think your paranoia is totally justified. Your brothers are all toxic.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. He's probably plotting Something." 
Stella hummed in thought. "I actually
think if he had come back before the truth about. Evelina's dad blew up, he
Would have been as awful
the rest of them. But since he walked in knowing the truth, it
makes sense he's acting differently." Cóntent 
Lemira stared at the serum, her chest tight. "Right. If the sequence of events changes... is he still the same person?"
Janice and Stella exchanged a baffled look. It was a bizarrely philosophical question.
Stella said softly, "Lemira, don't torture yourself over 'what-ifs.' Focus on the reality
in front of you, not on things that never happened."
Lemira's heart skipped a heavy beat.
###Chapter 1008
Focus on the reality in front of you, not on things that never happened?
Or... things that hadn't happened yet?
Lemira picked up her mug, taking a slow sip of water. "You're right. Thank you guys for being here."
Last night had left her in a mental tailspin.
She had been caught between the horrors of her past life and the shifting realities of her current one.
Janice linked arms with her. "Stop stressing over it. The Langston men are garbage anyway. Even if he's playing nice, it's the bare minimum. They owe you for finding the truth about your parents. Stand your ground and live your own life."
Lemira nodded firmly. "You're exactly right."
Whether Rowan's personality had shifted due to the butterfly effect or not, she would never give him the chance to put her on an operating table again. She was keeping
a ten-foot pole between herself and the Langstons.
Having settled the internal debate, she felt a weight lift.
She turned back to Stella. "You really should try the serum. It works."
Janice chimed in. "I have a nasty scar on my arm. Let me test-drive it first and see if it's legit."
Lemira reached out and uncapped the jar herself. No matter what this serum represented, she was rewriting her own history. She would never walk the same doomed path again.
That afternoon, Lemira and Janice headed to class.
On the way, they bumped into a group of Business School students.
Dorian Draven sneered the moment he saw her. "Well, well. Haven't seen you parading around in that sports car lately. Back to driving that tragic little SUV? How boring."
Lemira didn't miss a beat. "I leave the sports car at home so guys like you don't burst a blood vessel out of jealousy."
Dorian's jaw tightened. "You're vicious, you know that? You practically forced Susanna Sinclair to drop out."
Lemira blinked in genuine surprise. "Drop out?"
"Oh, please, don't play dumb," Dorian scoffed. "The Sinclair family is on the verge of bankruptcy and drowning in a murder investigation. Susanna has no face left to show up on campus."
Janice let out a loud, mocking laugh. "That's what she gets! She used to strut around like she owned the place, bullying whoever she wanted. Now that her family's crashing and burning, everyone's kicking her while she's down. Karma's a b***."
Even Dorian couldn't really argue with that logic. It was the truth.
Lemira looked Dorian up and down. "Congratulations, by the way. Evelina is due in a few months."
Dorian's face flushed with panic. "What the hell does that mean? What does her baby have to do with me?"
"You tell me."
Lemira shot back, thoroughly
enjoying his terror. She couldn't
stand the arrogant prick, and ruining
his day was as incredibly satisfying.
As they walked into the lecture hall, Janice leaned in and whispered, "Wait, is the
baby actually Dorian's?"
"No idea. I just wanted to watch him sweat."
Lemira just wanted to wipe that smug look off his face.
Janice gave her a thumbs-up. "Iconic."
Right as class ended, Lemira's
phone buzzed. It was Sebastian Bennett Lemira Hale tried to kill -- himself in prison. He's currently in emergency surgery." 
"Suicide?!"
Lemira's blood ran cold. "Which hospital?"
"I'm ten minutes away from your campus. I'll pick you up, and we'll go together."
"Got it."
Lemira hung up, hastily shoving her textbooks at Janice. "Something came up. I have to go."
As she hurried out, her mind raced over Sebastian's words.
Why would Hale attempt suicide?
The man was a massive coward et
who valued his own life above all
else. There was zero chanceche. wanted to die 
Something was very wrong.
Hale was the star witness. If he died, their ironclad case against the Sinclairs would
lose its most crucial link.
Lemira had a sick feeling this was spiraling out of control.
Who exactly was pulling the strings now?
###Chapter 1009
When Lemira reached the campus gates, she immediately spotted Sebastian Bennett's flashy sports car idling by the curb.
She slid into the passenger seat. "What's his status? Is it critical?"
"Hard to say until we get there," Sebastian said, slamming his foot on the gas. "I strongly suspect the Sinclairs orchestrated this."
"How?"
"Sophia Sinclair recently shacked up with a major underworld boss. The guy runs illegal empires he has his hands in every dirty pot in the city. For a guy like that, his reach inside the prison system is even deeper than it is on the streets. Getting someone to silence Hale on the inside would be a walk in the park."
Lemira frowned. That perfectly aligned with her own suspicions.
She muttered, "I didn't think the Sinclairs would strike back this fast."
While waiting at a red light, Sebastian tossed a tablet into her lap.
"You have to hand it to Ms. Sinclair. A crime lord like him isn't lacking in women. For him to stick his neck out for the Sinclairs, Sophia must be working serious overtime behind closed doors."
Or, more accurately, between the sheets.
Lemira powered on the tablet. A profile photo of a middle-aged man filled the screen. He wore a massive emerald thumb ring, and even his smile radiated a chilling, predatory cruelty.
One look at him made her stomach turn.
The man was clearly a ruthless monster.
Scanning his file, she saw he was heavily involved in black-market trades, with his primary cash flow coming from illegal gambling syndicates.
Lemira asked, "Is this him?"
"Yeah. Read up on them. Memorize the faces. Neither the father nor the son are anything but pure scum."
At the mention of the duo, Sebastian's brow furrowed in deep disgust.
Catching the shift in his demeanor, Lemira asked, "You've crossed paths with them before?"
"I defended his son a few years ago."
Sebastian's lips pressed into a thin, angry line. "It's not exactly a highlight of my career."
Lemira connected the dots. "Don't tell me... a murder trial?"
"No. Sexual assault."
Sebastian rolled his window down, his mood rapidly souring. "If those two end up in my crosshairs this time, I swear I'll bury them."
Lemira completely understood what had happened.
She asked quietly, "As a defense attorney, does it eat you alive when you have to protect a monster?"
"In the legal world, my reputation is practically radioactive compared to my mentor's. People say I'm the designated fixer for wealthy psychopaths the guy who gets
them out of facing justice content 
As Sebastian spoke, he stared out the windshield with feigned indifference, but a deep shadow lingered in his eyes.
Lemira didn't judge him. "If you didn't take the case, someone else would have. They only talk trash about you
because you're a legal shat you
who
wins every time." FindNovel.net
Sebastian looked at her in genuine shock. "You're the first person who's ever said that to me."
"The fact that you know exactly how these monsters operate is exactly why I trust you to handle this case. It's your greatest weapon."
Sebastian pulled his gaze away, a faint smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. Without another word, he rolled the window back up, shutting
out the city noise. fo FindNovel.net
They pulled up to the hospital shortly after.
Lemira's heart hammered anxiously against her ribs. In a twisted stroke of irony, she desperately wanted Hale to survive.
He was a piece of trash who deserved to rot for what he had done to her parents.
But right now, she needed him breathing.
At least until the Sinclairs paid the price.
Sitting outside the ER, every second stretched into an eternity.
Not long after, a heavily pregnant Evelina came waddling frantically down the hall. "How is my dad?!"
Right behind her came the entire Langston family, swarming the corridor and choking the space.
Lemira glared at them, her mood instantly souring. "No idea. He's still in surgery." "My dad would never kill himself!" Evelina cried.
###Chapter 1010
Lemira stated coldly, "I know he wouldn't. The Sinclairs are obviously behind this."
But knowing it and stopping it were two very different things.
As long as Hale remained in the Lyria Remand Center, there would be a target on his back.
Even if he survived today, what about tomorrow?
Rowan stepped up beside Lemira. "Don't worry. As long as he still has a pulse, my medical team will ensure he makes a full recovery. He won't miss his day in court."
Before Lemira could respond, Evelina lunged forward, clutching Rowan's arm, her face stained with dramatic tears. "Rowan, you have to save him! He's the only family I have left!"
Despite secretly blaming her father for ruining her cushy life, seeing him clinging to life still sent her into a panic.
Rowan stared at her hand with undisguised revulsion and yanked his arm out of her grip.
His tone was absolute ice. "I am saving him for the Langston family's sake."
"Thank you, Rowan! I knew you cared about me the most."
Evelina beamed through her tears, playing the part of the tragic, adorable victim flawlessly.
Rowan didn't buy a second of it. "I said I'm doing this for the Langstons. Not for you."
Evelina's smile froze. She stood completely still, staring at him in shock.
It finally hit her-Rowan had zero affection for her.
Just then, the doors to the operating room swung open, and a surgeon stepped out. "Family of the patient?"
Evelina practically shoved her way to the front. "That's me! Is my dad okay?"
"The patient was stabbed in the throat with a sharpened toothbrush. Luckily, the guards found him immediately, and the blade narrowly missed his major arteries. He's stabilized. However, we won't know if there's permanent damage to his vocal cords until he wakes up."
Lemira exhaled a heavy breath. "So he's alive?"
That was the only thing that mattered.
Sebastian had been sweating bullets; if their star witness died, their case was practically dead on arrival.
He turned to Lemira. "We need our own guys stationed outside his room 24/7. The Sinclairs will definitely try again."
Before Lemira could speak, Lucian interjected, "Don't worry, we're putting round-the- clock security on him. No one is getting near the witness."
Sebastian shot a highly skeptical look at the Langston brothers. He didn't trust them as far as he could throw them.
Rowan addressed Lemira directly. "Lemira, I'll have my top specialists examine his throat. I won't let him lose his voice."
Lemira finally looked at Rowan. "Fine. I'll leave this to your team."
Caspian strutted over. "Relax. If we can't even keep one guy breathing, you can chop my head off and kick it around like a soccer ball."
Lemira met his gaze. "Remember you said that."
Caspian frowned. "I heard Sophia Sinclair is sleeping with some major underworld boss The guy is heavily tied to the mob. Do you think he ordered the hit?" 
"Yes," Lemira confirmed. "Our intel points straight to him."
"Well, that complicates things," Caspian muttered. "Guys like that don't play by the rules."
Sebastian fired back. "Obviously. But no matter how powerful he thinks he is, taking out a high-profile witness in police custody is a massive legal risk. He'll draw heat from the Feds. Besides, a woman like Sophia isn't worth burning his empire to ground over." 
Lemira clenched her fists in sheer frustration. The Sinclairs were like cockroaches.
They had been begging for mercy just days ago, and now they were launching assassination attempts.
Lemira frowned. "Let's handle one crisis at a time. Right now, securing Hale is the top priority."
She stood up to leave, only to freeze.
The elevator doors slid open,
revealing Orion Everhart. He had
clearly rushed over the second he
got the news. 
FindNovel.net
Lemira's gaze instantly dropped to his arm. Beneath his tailored coat, there was no
obvious sign of his injury.
She had no idea how his wound was healing.
Orion stepped into the hallway. "Is the witness alive?"
She nodded. "He survived."
Rowan suddenly stepped right into Orion's path, sizing him up. "You must be Mr. Everhart?"
###Chapter 1011
Orion looked at the unfamiliar man in front of him. Judging by his facial features, he bore some resemblance to the Langstons.
He hadn't seen this man before.
Glancing at the other Langston brothers present, Orion made a quick guess about his identity.
This was most likely Rowan Langston, the elusive third brother who had been living abroad.
Orion didn't have much of a favorable impression of anyone from the Langston family. His expression remained neutral as he gave a slight nod.
Lemira turned to look at Rowan. "I'm heading out first. Just let me know when there's an update on Hale's condition."
Rowan nodded. "Don't worry. As long as I'm here, there won't be any issues."
Lemira then looked at Orion. "Let's go."
She had more to say to him, but with so many people around, it wasn't the right place to speak.
Orion understood her cue and naturally followed her out.
The three of them stepped into the elevator.
Sebastian positioned himself squarely between Orion and Lemira. He looked at her and said, "I'll go talk to the Jones family about this personally."
"It won't do any good for you to go," Orion said coldly.
Sebastian instantly bristled. "Why wouldn't it do any good? Sure, I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth like some people, but there are always other ways. Ordinary people have their own methods."
Orion turned his head slightly. "Your methods are too slow. What we need right now is to force the Jones family to stop pulling strings behind the scenes."
"How do you know my methods are slow?"
Sebastian was clearly displeased. He looked at Lemira. "Who do you choose?"
Lemira gave him a baffled look. What did he mean, who did she choose?
Weren't these two just having a conversation? How did it suddenly turn into her making a choice?
She cleared her throat. "We should observe the situation a bit longer. If we just show up at their door recklessly, we don't have any hard proof, do we? People like that are usually hard to deal with, and empty threats won't work. Otherwise, Mrs. Amelia wouldn't have picked a man like him to be her son-in-law."
Sebastian scoffed. "With his age, he's even older than Mrs. Amelia herself."
Lemira could also tell that the man was getting on in years. After all, his son was about the same age as Sophia Sinclair.
She frowned slightly. "Would Mrs. Amelia really throw her own daughter to the wolves just to clear her own name?"
Lemira couldn't quite wrap her head around it.
Sebastian's tone was thick with
sarcasm. "There are plenty of people like that. They look human on the outside, but they're monsters underneath. Given the things the Sinclair family has done overthe years they te hardly innocent, Didn't Sophia enjoy all the perks of the dirty work?" 
After he finished speaking, he looked at Lemira. "Are you pitying Sophia?"
"No, she probably wishes I were dead. Where would I find the grace to pity someone like that?"
Lemira had never been soft-hearted.
It was just a passing thought.
As the three of them stepped out the elevator, Lemira looked at
any ranex
Sebastian. "Don't make
moves with the dones family for now." . FindNovel.net
"Alright, I get it. Do you think I actually want to make extra work for myself?"
Sebastian cast a disdainful look at Orion, then turned to Lemira. "Let's go. I'll drive you back."
She looked at him. "You head back first. I need to talk to him about something."
Sebastian gritted his teeth. "Fine. Just don't let certain people fool you. Keep in mind, he's the defendant."
He emphasized the word 'defendant' once more before turning on his heel and walking away.
Lemira watched him leave, caught somewhere between amusement and exasperation.
Orion noticed the faint smile on her
lips, and his brow furrowed
instinctively. She seemed to
getting along quite well with
Sebastian. 
Staring at the lawyer's retreating figure, he felt an undeniable sting of jealousy.
He forced himself to look away and turned to Lemira. "What did you want to say?"
She thought for a moment. "How is Mrs. Amanda doing? You mentioned you found a kidney donor, right?"
"Yes, we're already preparing to schedule the surgery."
Lemira hesitated. "Do you think surgery is the best option, or would conservative treatment be better?"
###Chapter 1012
"The doctors recommended going ahead with the surgery as soon as possible. If we keep delaying, there's no telling what complications might arise. So far, they haven't been able to pinpoint the exact cause of her illness, so this is our only option."
After Orion finished, he realized there was something beneath her question. "What are you trying to say?"
"It's nothing much. You just saw Rowan earlier. He's actually quite brilliant in this field. If you let him take a look at Mrs. Amanda, maybe he could figure out what the underlying issue is."
Orion frowned immediately. "That won't be necessary for now. I've already contacted a top-tier medical team."
"Alright then. I hope the treatment goes smoothly."
Since Orion had made his stance clear, there was nothing more she needed to say.
His gaze locked onto hers, his voice tight with suppressed emotion. "Thank you."
He truly hadn't expected that she had pulled him aside to ask about his mother's health.
Lemira avoided his eyes. "You're welcome. You've helped me out a lot, too."
"But you've never liked the Langston family. I don't want you owing them a favor because of me, only for them to force you into something you don't want to do later."
Hearing his words, a wave of emotion hit her, and she fought to keep the tears from welling up.
She turned slightly away. "I know."
Orion just stood there looking at her. He desperately wanted to reach out and hold her hand, but in the end, it remained just a thought. He didn't dare make a move.
It had taken a lot of effort recently just to get her to act cordially around him. He couldn't afford to rush things.
His throat tightened as he spoke softly, "I'll drive you back to campus."
"No need, I'll just grab a cab."
She walked toward the curb, only to freeze when Sebastian's car pulled up. Hadn't he left already?
Sebastian rolled down the window and looked at her. "Get in. I'll drop you off. There are some case details we need to go over on the way."
Lemira nodded and slid into the passenger seat.
Orion stood by the side of the road, helplessly watching another man drive her away.
He tugged at his collar. In all his years, he had never felt so suffocated by frustration.
Well played, Sebastian Bennett. You've definitely made it onto my radar.
Inside the car, Lemira watched Orion's figure fade into the distance through the rearview mirror.
was
Sebastian on the other hand, was in
a remarkably good mood. "So,
your plan for the Jones
family? You're not actually going to ask Orion for help, are you?" 
"No. I'll figure something out myself."
"I can go negotiate with them on your behalf."
She looked at him. "You don't need to do that."
"Why not?"
Her gaze was calm. "I'm worried this will end up dragging you down."
He looked at her and chuckled. "I'm your lawyer. This is exactly what I'm supposed to do."
"But..."
"No buts. If I take your money and can't even handle a small issue like this, I might as well quit the profession."
"And how exactly are you going to talk to the Jones family?" she asked.
"I have my ways, of course."
In truth, Sebastian didn't have a concrete plan yet. But something had to be done, and there was no way he was going to let that bastard, Onion beat him to the punch."
He refused to be outdone.
After dropping Lemira off at her
universit
and made a call. "Hey, find out
Sebastian drove away et
where the old man man J
Jones is
spending his evening 
As her lawyer, he couldn't just sit back and do nothing.
Once he got the location, Sebastian drove straight there: The Royal Gilded Spa.
The decor here was far more luxurious than the previous bathhouse they had visited.
Sebastian was no stranger to this place. It was Gregory Jones's home turf; the man practically lived here in his spare time.
But the moment he stepped inside, he ran into a familiar face.
Orion was standing by the elevators, flanked by his secretary.
The two men crossed paths in the lobby, and the tension was instantly palpable.
###Chapter 1013
A cold glint flashed in Orion's eyes when he spotted Sebastian.
"How exactly are you planning to negotiate with Gregory Jones?" Orion asked flatly.
"That's my business. It has nothing to do with you, Mr. Everhart, does it?" Sebastian replied, his tone laced with hostility.
Orion held his gaze. "Let's team up."
Sebastian was stunned for a second before letting out a cold laugh. "Sorry, I have zero interest in teaming up with you."
The elevator doors slid open, and Sebastian strode inside.
Orion followed him in, his voice steady. "You can't handle Gregory Jones on your own."
"Mr. Everhart, only people who can't handle things themselves go around asking for partnerships."
Sebastian's arrogance hadn't wavered.
Orion took a step forward, his eyes locking onto Sebastian. "But this matters to Lemira. I refuse to let anything go wrong, do you understand? To you, this is just another case. But to Lemira, this is the biggest hurdle of her life. Once she gets past this, she can finally start living for herself."
Sebastian frowned. "Is it really that serious?"
"You've probably looked into some of her history with the Langstons. But the trauma and emotional damage she's suffered are far worse than you can imagine."
Orion wasn't going to let any mistakes happen at such a critical moment.
Sebastian's expression softened slightly. "Then why did you keep lying to her? Why didn't you just tell her you were in that car?"
"That was my mistake, I admit. But aside from keeping that secret, I've poured everything I have into investigating this case with you. Otherwise, things wouldn't have gone this smoothly."
Orion looked at Sebastian again. "I know you've had a problem with me."
"Glad you noticed."
"If apologizing will make you let it go, I'll do it."
Orion stood his ground, his eyes calm and his tone completely serious.
Sebastian straightened his posture. "I never thought I'd see the day a high-and- mighty guy like you would actually apologize."
He hadn't expected Orion to go this far just for Lemira.
He cleared his throat, maintaining a shred of his pride. "Since you put it that way, I suppose I can make an exception and work with you."
Truthfully, if it weren't for Lemira, Sebastian would never have agreed to this alliance.
Orion nodded. "Thank you."
"Save the sappy talk. We aren't friends," Sebastian shot back, adjusting his jacket. "Give me the short version of your plan. Let'
Our stories straight Cont
Sget
And just like that, the two men formed a temporary truce.
When the elevator doors opened, they stepped out in perfect unison, their expressions mirroring each other's resolve.
But as they approached the
reception room, a man walked out to
im so
meet them. "Mr. Every
sorry Mr. Jones had an
Jones had an emergency
and had to leave." 
fo FindNovel.net
Orion's expression darkened instantly. "Is this the Jones family's answer to me?
Fine. If they want a war, I'll give them one."
He turned to leave without a second thought.
"Wait, Mr. Everhart, please don't be angry. My father really did have a sudden emergency, which is why he sent me to receive you."
A younger man hurried over. He was dressed head-to-toe in designer brands, but he
carried himself with the sloppy swagger of a trust-fund kid.
Sebastian sized him up. "Jasper, what kind of emergency is more important than a scheduled meeting with Mr. Everhart?"
"Have you guys heard of VitaLife Pharmaceuticals? The owner over there has developed some crazy new drugs. Word is, there's a treatment that can actually reverse aging The guy running it just showed up in Orvin, and my dad rushed over there immediately. I'm really sorry." 
Hearing the name of the pharmaceutical company, Orion felt a flicker of recognition.
Sebastian scoffed. "In this day and age, people still believe that garbage? Your dad must really be terrified of dying."
###Chapter 1014
"It's not that he's afraid of dying. He just wants to take a young new wife and is desperate to feel young again," Jasper said, a hint of mockery in his eyes.
Orion looked at Jasper and spoke coldly. "We've always stayed out of each other's way. But if your father is willing to cause trouble for the sake of a woman, I'm more than happy to play along. Let's go."
"Mr. Everhart, please don't leave. I'm here to host you personally."
"You don't have the authority."
Orion had no intention of wasting his breath on someone with zero power in the family.
Sebastian stepped forward and patted Jasper on the shoulder. "Don't take it personally. These billionaires are all the same."
Jasper's face contorted in anger. "What exactly is the Everhart family playing at?"
Sebastian seamlessly slipped into the role of the good cop. "Listen, Jasper, we've worked together before. Let me give it to you straight. Mr. Everhart is very fond of the Langston girl. He's stepping in on her behalf. You need to talk some sense into your dad. It's not worth going to war with the Everharts over this."
"If my dad listened to reason, we wouldn't be in this mess. I don't get it. He used to be so sharp, but now he's letting a woman pull him by the nose."
Sebastian immediately saw an opening.
He said smoothly, "I get it. You might not be able to stop him directly, but you can pull strings behind the scenes. As long as the witness stays safe and we can get to trial to make the Sinclairs pay, Mr. Everhart might just let this slide without holding a grudge against your dad."
Jasper hesitated. "My dad hates traitors."
"You're not betraying him; you're saving him. Once he gets bored of that woman and snaps out of it, he'll realize you made the right call. He's always been hard on you. If you pull this off and earn a favor from Mr. Everhart in the process, imagine how good that would look."
Jasper nodded slowly. "Alright. Give me some time."
"Great. If your family wants to keep their hands clean, this is the perfect opportunity."
With that, Sebastian walked away. When he got downstairs, he saw Orion waiting by his car, exactly as expected.
He walked over. "I got Jasper on board. Knowing him, he'll play ball. Whatever moves they try to make, we'll know about it. Once the trial is over, all of this ends."
Orion nodded. "That pharmaceutical company... I just ran a quick check. It belongs to Rowan Langston."
He knew the name sounded familiar.
Sebastian raised an eyebrow. "So the Langstons are making their move too."
Orion nodded. "Looks like it. But I don't trust them."
"Then we keep an eye on things and
prepare for the worst," Sebastian
agreed feeling the need to stay
vigilant. "We have to let Lemira know about this." 
With business concluded, Sebastian glanced at Orion. "Are you going to tell her, or should I?"
"You do it," Orion replied flatly.
Sebastian smirked. "That makes

sense. Why pass up such a perfonet opportunity to score points?
Gontent 
Orion tugged at his tie. "You're her lawyer."
"But aren't you her ex-boyfriend?"
Orion fixed him with a deadpan stare. "You really didn't need to add that."
With that, Orion got into his car and drove off.
Watching the luxury vehicle
disappear down the street,
vel
Sebastian clicked his tongue, feeling
quite pleased with
He dialed Lemira's number. "Got an update for you."
When she heard the story, she was stunned. "You went there with Orion?"
"Yep."
"And... you didn't try to kill each other?"
Sebastian gritted his teeth. "Hey, do you really think I'm that unprofessional?"
Holding her phone, Lemira mused, "It's just surprising that you agreed to work with him at all."
"Well, that's all thanks to you..."
###Chapter 1015
"Thanks to me?" Lemira asked, confused.
"Because you're brilliant enough to hire a top-tier lawyer like me. Without me, your high-and-mighty ex-boyfriend could have tried intimidating the Joneses all he wanted, and it still wouldn't have worked."
"Well then, thank you, Attorney Bennett."
Sebastian smirked with a touch of pride. "By the way, your third brother is Rowan Langston, right? He's the one who contacted Gregory. He's probably trying to strike a deal too, claiming he's invented some drug that reverses aging. Is any of that actually legit?"
"Ah, that."
Lemira remembered hearing about it in her past life. The drug eventually caused severe, irreversible side effects.
Her tone was cool as she replied, "What do you think?"
"I think it's just a delusion people desperately want to believe." "Exactly. It's a delusion."
She hung up the phone. She knew exactly what Rowan's so-called research was in her past life—a massive scam designed to milk money out of desperate billionaires.
Rowan wasn't some medical genius. The only reason he had managed to join that elite island laboratory in the first place was because she had previously secured a rare ancient medical text for him.
He had used her discovery as his ticket into that research team.
And yet, his ultimate repayment was putting her on an operating table and stealing her kidney.
Lemira wasn't going to expose his fraud just yet.
In fact, she thought it might work in her favor right now. These wealthy men were obsessed with the idea of regaining their youth. If Rowan could use it to distract Gregory Jones, maybe the man would drop his alliance with the Sinclairs.
Stella walked over. "Lemira, I checked around for you. It's true-Sophia has latched onto that spa mogul."
Janice leaned in, her eyes wide. "That spa guy? I've heard of him. His son is absolute garbage too. Didn't he get sued for assaulting a girl? But some slick lawyer got him off the hook Lawyers like that makeme sick!" 
Lemira cleared her throat and gave Janice a sideways glance. "That slick lawyer is currently representing me."
Janice gasped in horror. "Lemira, a-are you sure about this? That guy is awful! He defended a total scumbag, and the poor girl ended up trying to kill herself."
Lemira was surprised. "She died?"
"No, but the trauma broke her. She's in a psychiatric ward right now. It's so tragic. That bastard ruined her life, and she still lost the case."
Lemira recalled Sebastian briefly mentioning the incident before.
She hadn't realized the details were that dark.
Stella chimed in, "Honestly, lawyers don't always get to cherry-pick their cases Sebastian might have " terrible reputation, but he's incredibly skilled in the courtroom, especially with messy, complicated trials." 
Janice nodded slowly. "That makes sense. But you still need to be careful, Lemira. Don't let a guy like that play you."
Lemira smiled. "I know. Don't worry."
Janice turned her attention back to Stella. "Spill the tea. What's the latest with the Sinclairs? What are those two-faced witches up to now?"
"Sophia is getting engaged to a man old enough to be her father. Because of that the Sinclair family has suddenly bounced back. The guy has dirty hands, so he's definitely going to cause trouble for us." 
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "He already has. He nearly stole the flash drive and tried
to have our only witness killed."
"Sophia is so arrogant. How could she settle for a guy like that? Is throwing away the rest of her life just to keep her mom out of prison really worth it?"
Janice couldn't wrap her head around Sophia's logic.
Stella crossed her arms. "I know a bit of the backstory. Sophia's mother is a master manipulator, a classic two-faced hypocrite. Someone that selfish is never going to just accept going to jail."
"Even so, I've never heard of a mother pushing her own daughter into the fire just to save herself. The Sinclairs are insane."
###Chapter 1016
Janice simply couldn't fathom it.
Lemira thought back to her last encounter with the Sinclairs. The sheer madness in Mrs. Amelia's eyes made it obvious she would never go down without a fight.
But she hadn't expected the woman to be this ruthless.
Lemira looked at Stella, puzzled. "Sophia is an adult now. If she flat-out refused, there's no way anyone could force her into this."
Was Sophia genuinely willing to do this?
Stella shook her head. "That part I don't know. Maybe the Sinclairs have their own twisted reasoning."
Lemira didn't dwell on it. It was the Sinclair family's mess, after all.
Still, Sophia latching onto a powerful backer was undeniably causing headaches for her side. If Hale hadn't survived that attack by sheer luck, she would be the one dealing with a massive crisis right now.
The next day, Lemira received a call from Rowan. "Hey, are you busy?"
"No, what is it?"
"Let's grab dinner tonight. The Jones family agreed to back out of your situation. I want you to come over and be a witness to it."
Lemira's eyes widened in surprise. "They actually agreed? But what about the Sinclairs?"
The whole reason Sophia had sold herself to that old man was to resolve her family's legal crisis.
Remembering what Sebastian had told her yesterday, Lemira wondered if Rowan had actually struck some kind of backdoor deal with Gregory.
She paused. "Alright. Send me the time and place."
Since he had extended the invitation, she had to go see for herself.
But she couldn't shake the feeling that this was too easy. Sophia had sacrificed everything for this alliance. If Gregory was going back on his word, the fallout was going to absolutely destroy her.
After some thought, she called Sebastian to fill him in.
Over the phone, Sebastian chuckled. "That's great news. Go enjoy the show. If the Sinclairs find out about this, they're going to lose their minds."
Lemira smiled faintly. "Most likely."
Losing everything and getting nothing in return-anyone would snap.
But Lemira didn't feel an ounce of pity for Sophia. Not a single drop.
After hanging up, Sebastian felt quite smug and decided to forward the news to Orion.
Reading the message, Orion frowned at first, but then a faint smirk touched his lips.
Did this mean he now had another informant?
He didn't reply to Sebastian. Instead, he dialed Thaddeus. "Quick question. Have you ever heard of VitaLife Pharmaceuticals?"
"Yeah, of course. They've been
blowing up in our circles lately. Word
on the street is they've developed way to reverse aging and extend lifespans. A lot of billionaires are digging into it. Supposedly, the guy running it is that Langston brother." 
"Right, Rowan Langston is back in town. Look into their background."
Orion had zero interest in miracle cures But if Rowan was using this as bait to strike a deal with the Joneses, he needed to know exactly what was going on. 
With no classes that afternoon, Lemira went shopping with Stella and Janice.
"Lemira, ever since you got tangled up in your family drama, you haven't hung out with us at all," Janice said as they walked.
Lemira smiled warmly. "Then everything is on me today. Pick whatever you want, don't hold back."
The three of them strolled through the mall and stopped at a boutique to help Stella look at clothes.
Stella picked up a dress. "Lemira, this would look absolutely stunning on you."
Just as Lemira took the dress and held it up against herself in the mirror, a haughty female voice cut through the air. "Wrap that dress up for me."
Lemira turned around, coming face-to-face with the Sinclair mother and daughter.
Mrs. Amelia stepped forward and aggressively snatched the dress right out of Lemira's hands. "Hand it over My daughter wants this What gives you the right to hold it?"
Janice immediately bristled. "Excuse me? We had it first. Have you never heard of
'first come, first served"?"
###Chapter 1017
Mrs. Amelia eyed Janice up and down, her face twisting into a sneer of absolute disdain. "With your spending habits, can you even afford anything in this store? I've seen plenty of cheap girls like you."
She turned and handed the dress to her daughter. "Try it on, honey. It perfectly suits your aura."
Sophia glanced at the dress, then shot Lemira a provocative smirk.
As she approached, her heels clicking sharply against the floor, Sophia mocked, "Well, well, Lemira. How do you still have the mood to go shopping? I heard your little witness almost died."
Lemira met her gaze dead-on. "Have you already forgotten how you were on the floor, begging for mercy?"
Sophia's expression darkened for a split second. "That's right. I begged you, and you refused. So don't blame me for playing dirty."
"So it was you," Lemira said coolly. She had suspected as much, but she hadn't expected them to admit it so openly.
Sophia's red lips curled into a vicious smile. "I'm warning you to drop the case. Otherwise, the next person to have an 'accident' might just be you."
Stella stepped up. "Sophia, don't push it."
Sophia glared at her coldly. "I'm pushing it? Lemira is the one pushing it! I've given her fair warning. If she's begging to get herself killed, there's nothing I can do to stop it."
"We'll see who gets the last laugh," Lemira replied evenly.
Mrs. Amelia let out a cold scoff. "Your parents never knew their place either, Lemira. And look how they ended up. You know perfectly well what happened. Don't repeat their mistakes. The Langstons could never beat us. Not back then, and certainly not now."
Mrs. Amelia felt completely vindicated.
Now that her daughter was marrying into the Jones family, the Sinclair Group had secured the funding to avoid bankruptcy, and she was no longer facing prison time.
Lemira's expression turned icy as she stared down Mrs. Amelia. "Then I should congratulate you on securing such a wonderful son-in-law. I hear he's even older than you. Tell me, do you call him your son-in-law, or your big brother?"
Mrs. Amelia's face turned purple with rage. "What did you just say, you little b***?"
She raised her hand to strike, but Lemira caught her wrist mid-air.
With a slight squeeze from Lemira, Mrs. Amelia's face contorted in pain.
"You don't get to talk about my parents," Lemira said, her voice dropping to a dangerous whisper. "You murderer."
She shoved the woman away.
Staring at the staggering Mrs.
Amelia, she added, "Enjoy whatever borrowed time you bought by selling your daughter. This little fantasy of your's won't last long. In the end prison cell is still waiting for you. That is your destiny."
Trembling with fury, Mrs. Amelia turned to her daughter. "Are you just going to stand there and let her humiliate me?"
Sophia glared daggers at Lemira. "Who I marry is none of your business. The fact that you're so obsessed with it just proves how jealous and bitter you are."
"I could be the most bitter woman on earth, and I still wouldn't marry a man older than my own father. You really were desperate, weren't you, Sophia? You'll swallow anything to survive."
Lemira hadn't wanted to resort to such vicious insults, but these two were too insufferable.
There was only so much a person could take.
Just as she expected, Sophia's face drained of color. "Do you think you're any
better, Lemira? You manipulated Orion just so you could join a wealthy family. You're no different from me."
"Oh, there's a huge difference. Orion is strikingly handsome, wealthy, and it would have been his first
mariage. You're settling for a used-up old man with a son your age. The difference is astronomical." 
Lemira's words were coated in venom.
She took a step closer, her eyes locking onto Sophia's. "You knew your mother broke the law, yet you threw your entire life away just to cover it up. You brought this entirely on yourself."
Sophia stumbled back a few steps,
grinding her teeth. "Don't get cocky,
Lemira. I will crush you until there's
nothing fett'll mak sure your dead,
parents can't do a damn thing to
save you, because they were nothing
but losers to the Sinclairs
###Chapter 1018
Lemira let out a cold laugh. "Then try your best. I hear old Gregory has some pretty twisted kinks in bed. I wonder if your mother taught you how to handle all that so you could keep him satisfied."
Hearing this, Sophia completely snapped. She lunged forward, grabbing for Lemira's hair. "You're dead!"
"I think you're the one who's dead."
Lemira dodged effortlessly, grabbed Sophia's arm, and flipped her hard onto the floor.
She stood over her, looking down with absolute disdain. "If I ever hear you disrespect my parents again, I promise I will make you regret it."
Mrs. Amelia frantically helped her daughter up, then shrieked at the bodyguards waiting outside. "Are you all blind?! Didn't you see she was attacked?!"
A group of heavily tattooed bodyguards in black suits stormed into the store.
Mrs. Amelia glared viciously at Lemira. "Ruin her face! Let's see how she seduces men when she's mutilated."
She despised Lemira to her core. If it weren't for this girl, her daughter would have married Orion by now.
Lemira quickly pushed Stella and Janice behind her.
Just then, Caleb casually strolled in. He glanced at the bodyguards. "Take this outside. I don't want to break anything in here."
One of the thugs stepped up. "Who the hell do you think you-agh!"
Before the man could finish his sentence, Caleb dropped him with a single punch. The bodyguard hit the floor and didn't get back up.
Stella walked over and stared down Mrs. Amelia. "There are security cameras everywhere. Keep this up, and I'll make sure the Sinclair family's reputation sinks even lower."
Mrs. Amelia was practically vibrating with rage, but Sophia grabbed her mother's arm. "Forget it. The Langstons are out of options anyway. Let's go."
Mrs. Amelia pointed a shaking finger at Lemira. "You just wait."
Once they were gone, Lemira let out a sigh. "A leopard really doesn't change its spots."
They had been begging for mercy just days ago, but the moment they got a little power, their true colors showed.
Stella crossed her arms. "Karma is going to get them."
Thinking about the dinner scheduled for tonight, a cold smile crept onto Lemira's lips. "Maybe karma is coming faster than they think."
If Gregory really had struck a deal with Rowan to abandon the Sinclairs, what kind
of expression would the mother and daughter make?
She was actually looking forward to it.
That evening, Lemira arrived at the restaurant right on time.
It was Bistrova.
When she had first received the address from Rowan, she had been mildly surprised. However, this place had always been a haven for the for the wealthy to dine in private. It offered excellent discretion and was a strong status symbol. 
Lemira walked directly into the private dining room.
Rowan was already there, seated next to a formidable-looking middle-aged man—
Gregory Jones, the spa mogul.
As soon as Lemira walked in,
Gregory waved his hand
enthusiastically. "Ms. Lemira! Finally! I've heard so much about you, and seeing you in person, you're exactly as stunning and brilliant as they say I heard you were the top scorer in the entrance exams and even started your own business with Maple Group. Kids these days are truly impressive!" 
He showered her with compliments, acting so warm and boisterous that it was hard
to reconcile his demeanor with his ruthless reputation.
But Lemira knew better. This man was far from the friendly uncle he was pretending to be.
Otherwise, he would never have partnered with the Sinclairs.
Maintaining a calm and distant expression, Lemira took the only empty seat available, right next to Rowan.
Rowan, naturally, was seated directly beside Gregory.
Gregory raised his glass toward Lemira. "Ms. Lemira, everything that happened before was a huge misunderstanding i take a penalty drink to formally apologize 
He poured a glass for her as well.
Rowan smoothly took the glass from her. "My sister is still young. I'll drink this on her behalf."
"Fair enough! It must be nice having so many older brothers to look out for you.
After this drink, let's consider the slate wiped clean."
Just then, the doors to the private room burst open.
A disheveled Sophia stormed in, her eyes fixed furiously on Gregory. "You bastard! What is the meaning of this?!"
###Chapter 1019
Lemira was taken aback by Sophia's appearance.
The once-glamorous, top-tier socialite looked completely drained. Even though she had applied a full face of makeup, the heavy exhaustion radiating from her was impossible to hide.
Sophia used to look like a vibrant peony in full bloom; now, she looked like a flower that had been trampled in the mud.
She certainly hadn't looked this broken at the mall earlier.
A bodyguard rushed in behind her. "I'm sorry, Mr. Jones. We couldn't stop her."
Gregory's brow furrowed in irritation, but he quickly plastered on a smile. "Baby, what are you doing here?"
"If I wasn't here, how would I know what you were up to behind my back? What did you promise me?!"
Sophia stared at the middle-aged man in absolute shock, her chest heaving with rage.
She had given up everything to sleep with this old man, to get engaged to him—all so he would crush Lemira and save her family.
To destroy the evidence. To silence the witness. To keep her mother out of prison.
But neither of those things had happened. And now, this bastard was sitting here having a friendly dinner with the Langstons, talking about wiping the slate clean. If they made peace, where did that leave her?
What about her ruined life?
Watching the scene unfold, Lemira figured Sophia had been kept entirely in the dark. Of course Gregory wouldn't tell her.
"What exactly is going on here?" Lemira asked, feigning innocence.
Gregory waved his hand dismissively. "Ms. Lemira, please ignore her. She's just being overly emotional."
But Sophia refused to back down. "Gregory, what is this?! You said you'd clear my mother's name!"
"Clear her name? I'm a law-abiding businessman. I would never get involved in illegal activities. Watch what you're saying."
"If you hadn't promised me that, why the hell would I ever agree to marry you?!"
Sophia realized with a sickening jolt that she had been played. The last fragile string holding her sanity together was on the verge of snapping.
Her only reason to keep going was the belief that her mother would be safe and Lemira would be destroyed.
And now, she found out it was all a lie?
Gregory's expression hardened, all trace of warmth vanishing. "I agreed to marry you, and I agreed to invest in the Sinclair Group so it wouldn't
go bankrupt. When did I ever agree to do your dirty work?"
What a stupid woman. Did she really expect him to admit to conspiracy in a room full of people?
She was nothing but a pretty face with an empty head.
Sophia's face turned deathly pale. "No... that's not what happened. Why are you lying to me? What did the Langstons give you?!"
She closed the distance, standing right in front of him. "You promised me! You promised me!"
Her voice had escalated into a shrill, hysterical shriek. She looked entirely unhinged.
Smack!
A sharp slap echoed through the room.
Lemira watched as Gregory struck Sophia across the face without even blinking. He hit her hard.
The room plunged into dead silence.
Sophia touched her stinging cheek, staring at him in disbelief. "You hit me?"
As much as she despised him, he had catered to her every whim over the past few
days. He had given her whatever she wanted.
She genuinely believed she had him wrapped around her finger. She hadn't expected him to turn on her so violently.
Gregory reached out, his fingers
digging harshly into her jaw. "I like
women who know their place, understand? As long as you play the obedient, quiet wife, the Sinclair family survives, and you get to keep your fancy lifestyle." 
Sophia glared at him through her tears. "And my mother?!"
"Your mother committed a crime. She needs to face the law. That's just how the world works."
A broken, bitter laugh escaped Sophia's lips. "If you won't save my mother, then the engagement is off."
"Suit yourself."
Gregory leaned in close, his voice
dropping to a vicious whisper. "Without me, the Sinclair Group goes bankrupt tomorrow. Good luck trying to bag another billionaire after that Wake up and look at reality." 

###Chapter 1020
Sophia was shoved backward, barely able to keep her footing.
She clutched the edge of the table, her spine curved, her entire body trembling violently.
"Get out," Gregory said coldly.
Humiliated and shattered, Sophia slowly raised her head, her bloodshot eyes locking onto Lemira. A terrifying hatred radiated from her gaze.
Lemira met her furious stare with absolute indifference.
"Lemira," Sophia practically spat, "I've lost everything. Are you still not going to let me go?"
Lemira looked up, her voice completely detached. "Did I force you into this? Have you forgotten how arrogant you were at the mall just a few hours ago?"
She truly couldn't fathom how the Sinclairs could continuously twist reality to make themselves the victims.
"It's your fault! I did everything! I sacrificed myself, and I was so close to making it work, but you ruined it again!"
Sophia was completely hysterical, her voice sharp and unhinged.
Lemira picked up her water glass and splashed it directly into Sophia's face. "Get your facts straight. Your mother murdered someone. You tried to destroy the evidence to cover it up, and I stopped you. Am I supposed to apologize for that?"
"But your parents are already dead! It's been years! Why can't you just let my family live in peace?!"
Sophia felt that her life was incredibly unfair.
Everything had been perfect. Everything was going so smoothly. But the moment Lemira showed up, her entire world had collapsed.
"Guards!" Gregory barked. "Drag this woman out of here. Don't let her ruin our meal."
"Let go of me! I'm not leaving! I'm not leaving until this is settled!"
Despite her screaming, Sophia was unceremoniously dragged out of the room.
Silence quickly reclaimed the private dining area.
Thinking back to Sophia's frantic, desperate breakdown, Lemira couldn't help but wonder-after sacrificing so much, what had she actually gained?
It almost reminded Lemira of her past life. She had given absolutely everything to please her brothers, only to meet a tragic end.
It wasn't all that different from Sophia's current reality.
Gregory hurriedly turned back to Lemira, pasting on a reassuring smile. "M's. Lemira, you saw how I handled her. I promise you, I won't lift another finger for the Sinclairs You have my word. 
Lemira nodded. "Alright."
Whether he meant it or not, she had to play along for now.
Rowan looked at her, his voice softening. "Don't worry. We will avenge Mom and Dad. We won't let the killer get away with this."
Lemira wasn't used to this sudden display of warmth from Rowan. She turned her head slightly and stayed quiet.
Gregory turned his attention to Rowan. "Mr. Langston, since I've held up my end of the bargain, doesn't that secure my spot on the list?"
Rowan replied smoothly, "Of course. But we can't make any concrete arrangements until after the trial is concluded."
Rowan was clearly laying down the law, making sure the Jones family didn't try to double-cross them.
Gregory nodded vigorously. "Of
course, of course. You don't need to worry about a thing, Mr Langston. Now Ms. Lemira, please order whatever you like." 
At that moment, a man dressed in a sharp manager's suit approached the table and stood respectfully beside Lemira, "Ms. Lemira, we've updated the menu for The Heritage Selections. Would you like to try the new dishes?" 
Lemira glanced at the menu. "Sure."
Gregory looked momentarily stunned. "The Heritage Selections? Why didn't I see that on the menu earlier?"
The manager offered a polite, practiced smile. "I apologize, sir. This menu is exclusively prepared for Ms. Lemira. It is not available to the public."
The room fell completely silent.
Gregory probed cautiously, "Ms. Lemira, you truly are full of surprises. To think Bistrova would create a custom menu just for you!"
Rowan stared at his sister, his eyes filled with suspicion. "What's going on here?"
###Chapter 1021
Lemira Langston hadn't expected Gregory Jones to be so relentlessly inquisitive. She handed the menu back to the manager before answering. "These were all arranged by Mr. Everhart a while ago."
Gregory's expression immediately shifted into one of sheer flattery. "Mr. Everhart is so wonderful to you, Ms. Langston. The Langston siblings are all so exceptionally talented. It's truly enviable."
Hearing this, Asher Langston looked noticeably smug. "Lemira is only this capable because of how our family raised her. Otherwise, do you really think she'd be where she is today? You're overestimating her, Gregory. How much skill can a naive little girl really have?"
Rowan Langston shot his eldest brother a sharp look. "Asher, there is no need to praise someone by tearing someone else down. Our sister is brilliant, and there's no shame in admitting that."
Asher's face stiffened. "I was just making sure certain people don't get a big head. I'm keeping her grounded."
Lemira tuned out their bickering. When the new dishes were brought to the table, her mind drifted back to the times she used to eat here with Orion Everhart. She hadn't realized the restaurant had updated its menu. The new additions were all childhood favorites she hadn't eaten in years, and the taste was astonishingly nostalgic.
Her grip tightened around her silverware, her gaze unfocused as she stared at the spread.
Rowan placed a piece of meat onto her plate. "Why did you stop eating? Is it not to your liking?"
Caspian Langston chimed in from the side. "Lemira, I remember you loving these dishes when we were kids. It seems the Everhart heir is putting in a lot of effort to coax you into a good mood."
Rowan frowned deeply. "But he still lied to our sister. A little bit of kindness now doesn't erase the things he's done in the past."
Caspian nodded in agreement. "Rowan is right. Our sister isn't that easily won over. With so many men in the world, could we really not find someone better than that Everhart kid?"
Rowan turned his attention back to Lemira. "What are your plans after the lawsuit "wraps up?"
"I'm going back to school. I don't have any other plans."
What Lemira kept to herself was her ultimate goal: severing ties completely and getting as far away from the Langston family as possible.
The meal ended quickly. Not wanting to linger, Lemira set down her fork and prepared to leave.
Rowan immediately stood up. "I'll drive you back."
"No need. I drove myself."
As Lemira rose from her seat, the rest of the table followed suit. Gregory lingered nearby, ever the sycophant. "Let's call it a night then. We should definitely do this again when everyone is free." 
As the group walked out of the private dining room, Lemira noticed Sophia Sinclair loitering outside the restaurant Before anyone could react, Mrs. Amelia scrambled out of a parked car and sprinted toward them, zeroing in on Gregory. .net
"Gregory! We had a deal!" Amelia shrieked. "How can you back out on us now?"
Amelia had genuinely believed she was going to win and avoid prison time. She never expected Gregory to turn his back on them.
Gregory looked utterly annoyed. "What are you doing here? I made
myself perfectly clear to your daughter. Our deal was to keep the Sinclair family from flag for bankruptey: I never agreed tohelp you cover up your illegal messes." 
Amelia looked absolutely unhinged, her eyes wild with desperation. "You bastard! You slept with my daughter and now you want to wash your hands of us?"
Gregory shoved her away, completely s*** her of whatever dignity she had left. "Didn't I say I would marry her? Isn't that taking responsibility?"
"That's not the same! That wasn't what we agreed upon!"
Gregory sneered. "If you two want to back out of the arrangement, be my guest."
"But my daughter gave you her first time! How can we back out now?"
###Chapter 1022
"Her first time?" Gregory scoffed loudly. "You mean her hymenoplasty? Did you really think I couldn't run a background check? I own shares in the very clinic where she had the procedure done."
Amelia's face drained of color. How on earth had he found out?
Throughout the entire exchange, Sophia Sinclair stood off to the side, watching the scene unfold with deadened eyes. She made no move to help her mother.
Amelia scrambled up from the pavement and grabbed Sophia's arm. "Sophia! Think of something! You can't just stand there and let your mother go to prison!"
Sophia looked at her like a hollowed-out shell. She let out a dry, broken laugh. "Then look at me. See if there is a single inch of me left worth selling, and just take it."
Amelia slapped her hard across the face. "I don't care! Figure it out! I invested so much money in you. Everything I did was for you, and now it's your turn to pay me back!"
Sophia was so thoroughly broken she didn't even have the tears to cry. She had been humiliated in front of Lemira Langston. What was the point of even trying to salvage her life now? She had become the laughingstock of their entire social circle. The girl who was once the elite princess of high society was now just a woman bartering her body for scraps.
Gregory snapped his fingers. "Guards, drag these lunatics away. Make sure they stay out of sight so they don't ruin Ms. Langston's evening."
His security team immediately surrounded the two women.
Amelia glared venomously at Lemira. "You b***! Did you orchestrate this? Wasn't stealing Orion Everhart enough for you? Now you're trying to steal my daughter's fiancé too? Have you no shame?"
Lemira found the accusation genuinely hilarious. She took a step forward, looking down at Amelia with pure pity. "Do you honestly think I would fight you for a washed- up old man? You and your daughter are the only ones desperate enough to want him."
"You little s***!"
Sophia, pushed past her breaking point, lunged forward, aiming her nails at Lemira's face.
Lemira sidestepped her effortlessly. "I told you before, your gloating wouldn't last long. See? It's only been a few hours, and karma has already come to collect."
Sophia screamed hysterically. "What did you do, Lemira?! I'm going to kill you! You ruined my life! You ruined everything!"
In that moment, Sophia realized she truly had nothing left.
Lemira watched passively as the
were hauled
Sinclair womeir previous
Where was aff
away.
arrogance now? Karma really didn't waste any time. 
Gregory turned to Lemira with a greasy smile. "Don't worry, Ms. Langston. I'll make sure they never show their faces in front of you again."
Asher scoffed. "The Sinclair family has been arrogant for far too long. They're finally paying the price."
Lucian Langston nodded somberly. "This is retribution. They caused our parents' deaths, and now it's their turn to suffer."
Caspian sighed. "If it weren't for Lemira, we'd still be in the dark. We owe her everything."
Lemira glanced at them coldly. "Just don't drop the ball before the trial is over."
Asher bristled. "Are you mocking us, Lemira?"
"Take it however you want."
Refusing to engage further, Lemira turned and walked toward her car Rowan matched her pace, keeping step beside her. "Did you receive the Regeniskin Advanced Scar Serum?" 
Lemira's breath hitched slightly. "I got it."
"How did it smell? Did it seem familiar to you?"
Lemira looked up at Rowan, completely caught off guard. "Familiar?"
How could the scent possibly be
familiar? In this lifetime, this was the very first time sh
had ever been.
given the serum. Why would he ask her a question like that? 
###Chapter 1023
Lemira stared at Rowan, her eyes narrowing in confusion.
"Have you forgotten?" Rowan pressed, his voice tight.
"I don't know what you're talking about. What does that serum have to do with me?"
Flashbacks from her previous life assaulted her mind-the grueling process of developing that exact serum, the jagged wound deliberately carved into her cheek, the phantom pain that still burned whenever she thought of it. But she knew for a fact that in this current timeline, she had completely washed her hands of the project.
Caspian stepped up beside them. "Lemira, did you seriously forget? You were the one who unearthed the ancient medical scrolls. Rowan wouldn't have been able to formulate the serum without you."
A vague memory finally surfaced. Lemira let out a sharp, mocking laugh. "Oh, right. But didn't you guys decide to announce that Evelina Sterling found the scrolls instead? You wanted to make her resume look a little more impressive, didn't you?"
A heavy, suffocating silence fell over the Langston brothers.
Rowan furrowed his brows. "Is that true?"
Caspian rubbed the back of his neck, looking miserably guilty. "Evelina played us. She cried and acted pitiful, saying that Lemira was so brilliant it made her feel useless. We felt bad for her, so we agreed to give her the credit."
Rowan's face went rigid with fury. "That's absolutely ridiculous! How could you agree to that? If Evelina isn't talented, that's her own fault. Why would you s*** our sister
of her achievements just to make Evelina look less incompetent?"
"I know," Caspian muttered. "We were incredibly stupid."
Lucian chimed in, his tone heavy with remorse. "She completely manipulated us. We know how badly we messed up."
Alaric Langston took a hesitant step toward Lemira. "I was the worst of all. I've spent the last few weeks isolated on the island, thinking about everything I've done. I swear I'll make it up to you, Lemira."
Asher sighed, looking impatient. "Exactly. Everyone is apologizing to you, Lemira. You got your revenge, you proved your point. Isn't it time to let this go?"
A bitter smirk curled Lemira's lips.
Lucian glared at Asher. "If you don't know how to apologize, just keep your mouth shut."
Lemira looked at the six men standing before her, feeling
absolutely nothing. "I'll say it again. We don't work as a family keeping our distance is the best thing for all of us." 
Without another word, she got into her car and drove off.
The brothers stood frozen in the parking lot, watching her taillights disappear into the night.
Lucian let out a hollow laugh. "You see that, Rowan? We broke her heart. She doesn't want anything to do with us, and she definitely doesn't want to come home."
Asher crossed his arms defensively. "But if it weren't for Rowan's serum, she wouldn't have won the lawsuit so easily, right?"
Caspian snapped at him. "We should have been the ones protecting her from the start! She shouldn't have had to fight so hard all by herself!"
Asher threw his hands up. "Fine, fine, you win. I'm out of ideas. If you want her back so badly, figure it out yourselves."
Rowan's expression remained perfectly calm. "I will find a way to bring her home. It's not too late. At least... at least she's still alive."
Caspian gave him a weird look. "What do you mean, 'she's still alive'?"
Rowan ignored the question, his voice chillingly detached. "We need a plan. We can't drag this out any longer."
Asher perked up. "A plan for what? Are we finally taking the Langston Group to the next level?"
"No. A plan to win our sister back. To be a real family again. This time, no one is going to stand between us.' Rowan's face was terri ifyingly Bal but his eyes held a dark, bottomless obsession. 
Meanwhile, Lemira pulled up to a red light. She stared blankly ahead, raising a hand to touch her own cheek Rolling down the window, she let the cool night air wash over her, forcing the dark thoughts back down into the depths of her mind. .net
###Chapter 1024
This wasn't her past life. She refused to repeat the same mistakes. Yet, there was something deeply unsettling about the way Rowan had spoken to her. She pushed the thought away, telling herself she was just overthinking it, as she always did.
Lemira drove straight back to campus.
Stella Waverly was waiting for her. "How was dinner at Bistrova? I heard the Sinclair women caused a massive scene there. Word is, Gregory Jones isn't letting this go quietly."
"News travels fast around here, doesn't it?" Lemira noted, surprised by how quickly the gossip had spread.
Stella grinned. "You forget what I do for a living. Plus, I've got my people keeping a close eye on the Sinclair family. The second they breathe wrong, I know about it."
Lemira needed all the help she could get right now, and Stella was clearly taking her role as intelligence gatherer very seriously.
Lemira pulled her into a brief hug. "Thanks, Stella. And yeah, they showed up, but Gregory threw them to the wolves. His security literally dragged them away."
Janice let out a loud, triumphant cheer. "That is so satisfying! Do you know how arrogant they were at the mall this afternoon? Karma came for them faster than I thought!"
"Right?" Stella agreed. "Sophia was strutting around like royalty a few hours ago, and now she's basically ruined."
Lemira's tone was laced with bitter irony. "That's exactly why you can never rely on anyone else. If you don't secure your own standing, you can be tossed aside the second you lose your value."
It was a lesson she had learned the hard way in her previous life.
Stella shook her head. "I still don't get what Sophia thought she was accomplishing. Her reputation is trashed, and her future is basically over."
"Who knows how people like her justify things in their heads," Lemira replied softly. At least the chaos seemed to have finally settled.
Later that night, as Lemira lay in bed, her mind wandered back to the custom menu from Bistrova. She pulled out her phone, instinctively opening her text thread with Orion Everhart. Scrolling through their old messages, a heavy, cotton-like ache settled in her chest.
Should she tell him about what happened at the restaurant tonight?
She hesitated, her thumb hovering over the keyboard. Suddenly, three little dots appeared at the bottom of the screen.
*Orion is typing...*
Lemira shot up in bed. Was he about to text her?
She stared at the screen, holding her breath, but no message came. The typing indicator vanished. She
locked her phone, only to unlock it a second later, pulling up the keyboard totype something herself. But she couldn't figure out what to say. 
?
Miles away, Orion had also seen the *typing...indicator on his end. His breath hitched, thinking he was imagining things. He waited, staring the empty chat log but nothing came through. 
want nothing
After a long moment of deliberation, Orion simply wired her a random digital gift card.
When the notification popped up, Lemira almost dropped her phone. She stared at it
in sheer disbelief. After all that waiting, what was the point of sending her money out of nowhere?
She typed a single question mark: *?*
Orion replied almost instantly: *You're still awake?*
Lemira: *So are you.*
Orion: *Get some sleep.*
Lemira bit her lip. This jerk sent her a gift card for no reason and then told her to go to sleep? She fired back a sassy sticker and tossed her phone onto the nightstand, deliberately gnoring the transfer 
That night, Lemira dreamt of Orion. She dreamt he was sending her an endless
stream of text notifications, her phone buzzing so violently she couldn't even answer
it.
She jolted awake in the dead of night. The heavy, suffocating stench of smoke immediately invaded her lungs.
Was something burning?
Lemira scrambled out of bed and rushed to the balcony. Bright orange flames licked at the sky.
It was a fire.
Panic spiked in her chest. "Stella! Janice! Wake up!" she screamed. "Sterling Hall is on fire!"
Of all the things in the world, fire was the one thing Lemira hated the most.
###Chapter 1025
For Lemira, anything involving fire triggered her darkest, most agonizing memories.
After violently shaking Stella and Janice awake, Lemira sprinted into the hallway and smashed the emergency fire alarm. A piercing, deafening siren immediately echoed throughout the dormitory.
Janice supported a coughing Stella, pressing a wet towel to her face while shoving another one into Lemira's hands. "Let's go!"
Lemira grabbed the damp cloth. "You two get downstairs right now. I'm going to b*** on the other doors."
"Are you crazy? It's too dangerous!"
"Just go! I know what I'm doing!"
Lemira spun around and bolted down the hall, hammering her fists against every door she passed. She knew there were girls who would sleep right through the alarm.
She ran all the way to the top floor, making sure the entire wing was awake. But by the time she tried to head back down, the stairwell was entirely engulfed in thick, black smoke. A brutal wave of heat blasted upward, making it impossible to see if the lower levels were even structurally sound anymore.
Several terrified girls huddled around her, their voices cracking with sobs. "What do we do?"
"I don't want to die here!"
Lemira quickly assessed the direction of the flames. "Everyone, move to the room at the very end of the hall! Turn on all the faucets and start ripping the bedsheets apart to tie into a makeshift rope!"
Having someone take charge instantly grounded the panic-stricken students. They moved quickly, following her orders without hesitation.
Down below, the wail of fire engines cut through the night.
Lemira glanced out the window, her hands moving frantically as she helped knot the heavy fabric together. When the makeshift rope was secure, she tossed it out the window. Firefighters had already deployed landing pads on the ground.
Caleb Sterling was standing right below their window, shouting over the chaos. "I'm down here! Climb down now!"
Lemira looked at the crying girls. "One by one, go! He's a professional bodyguard. Even if you slip, he'll catch you."
Lemira stayed behind, anchoring the heavy fabric with her own body weight so she could control the speed of their descent. She held on until the very last girl scrambled down. But the friction was too much. The moment the girl touched the ground, the knotted sheet snapped in half.
Gasps of horror erupted from the crowd watching below.
Stella and Janice were screaming in a total panic. "What do we do?! How is Lemira supposed to get down?!"
The girls who had just been rescued burst into tears, realizing that Lemira was now trapped in the burning building because she had stayed behind to save them.
Caleb glanced at Stella, his jaw tight. "I'm going up to get her."
But just as he grabbed the side of the brick wall to free-climb, the deafening roar of helicopter blades shattered the night.
Everyone looked up.
Lemira, standing precariously on the smoking balcony, stared in disbelief as a heavy-duty rope ladder dropped from the chopper. A man descended from the sky, cutting through the heavy smoke until he was right in front of her. s?novel
When she recognized that strikingly handsome face, her heart completely stalled. Orion Everhart?
How was he here?
He was still wearing a crisp dress shirt and slacks, having clearly rushed straight into the chaos without even stopping to change.
Orion clung to the swinging ladder, his expression intensely focused as he reached out a hand. "Come with me."
Lemira couldn't deny the overwhelming surge of emotion that crashed over her.
She hated fire. She was terrified of it.
Without hesitation, she swung her legs over the railing and reached for him. Orion grabbed her waist, his powerful arm locking her securely against his body.
"Hold on tight. Don't let go."
His voice rumbled against her ear. Lemira found her footing on the ladder her arms wrapped fiercely around his waist, her cheek pressed
against the solid warmth of his chest. 
The roar of the rotors drowned out the cheers from the crowd below.
She knew she was safe now.
She looked back down at Sterling Hall just as the final flames were smothered by
the fire crews.
But as the adrenaline faded, a
sudden, blinding agony pierced her
skull. It felt like someone had driven
a spike
exer brain the pain...
so intense it nearly ripped the consciousness straight out of her. 
###Chapter 1026
Orion immediately sensed something was wrong. "What is it?"
"It's... it's nothing," Lemira gasped, her head throbbing with violent intensity. "Just a little dizzy. Probably the smoke."
She winced, fighting through the sharp, pulsating ache in her temples.
Orion's expression darkened. He looked up at the pilot. "Get us to the hospital. Now."
Lemira wanted to tell him it wasn't necessary, that she was fine, but the darkness had already dragged her under. She lost consciousness entirely.
Feeling her go limp, Orion tightened his grip, using every ounce of his strength to keep her from plummeting into the night. The violent strain tore open his wounded arm. Fresh blood soaked through his white dress shirt, turning the fabric a deep, terrifying crimson.
But Orion couldn't have cared less. His entire focus was locked on the girl in his
arms.
The helicopter touched down on the helipad of the Everhart Medical Center, where an entire elite medical team was already on standby.
Orion placed Lemira gently onto the gurney. "She passed out. She complained of head pain."
Director Harrison immediately took charge. "Get her to the ER!"
Orion grabbed the director's shoulder, his voice trembling slightly. "She's terrified of fire. She likely inhaled toxic fumes, and she has severe psychological trauma triggered by situations like this."
"Understood. We'll stabilize her physical condition first and then address the trauma," the director replied swiftly. He paused, eyeing Orion's blood-soaked sleeve. "Your stitches ripped open again. Get that treated immediately before you cause permanent nerve damage."
The director hurried after the gurney, leaving Orion no room to argue.
Orion finally glanced down at his arm, the blood steadily dripping from his cuff.
His secretary rushed over. "Mr. Everhart, please, let's get you to a treatment room." "I'm fine."
"Ms. Langston won't be out for a while. If she wakes up and finds out you ignored your injuries for her, she'll be consumed with guilt."
Orion didn't argue further, though he refused to leave the waiting area. A nurse was quickly dispatched to clean and re-stitch the gash right there in the hallway.
Orion sat on the cold bench outside the emergency room, every passing second feeling like an eternity.
Not long after, Thaddeus Draven burst through the sliding doors, looking completely disheveled. He was wearing an oversized coat thrown hastily over silk pajamasis hair sticking up in every direction. 
"Is Lemon okay?" Thaddeus demanded, out of breath. "Caleb called and told me to get here immediately."
Orion leaned back against the wall, his arm freshly bandaged. "No external injuries. We're waiting on the scans."
"If she fainted, it was probably just panic. Don't assume the worst," Thaddeus said, though he collapsed onto the bench looking just as terrified.
Within minutes, the elevator chimed, and the Langston brothers flooded into the corridor.
Rowan Langston marched straight to the front of the pack, his eyes locking onto Orion. "How is my sister?"
Orion met his gaze with absolute zero warmth. "No physical burns. She collapsed from the stress. They're still examining her."
Caspian clutched his chest in relief. "Thank God. As long as she's not burned."
Rowan's brow remained tightly knitted. "No external injuries doesn't mean she's fine. Smoke inhalation is highly toxic. If it's severe, it causes irreversible lung damage 
Thaddeus scoffed. "Lemon isn't an idiot. She definitely knew how to protect herself."
Rowan ignored him. "I'm speaking from a medical perspective. No one wants her to be safe more than I do."
Before anyone could argue, the emergency room doors swung open.
Director Harrison stepped out. "Her vitals are stable, but there is significant soot and toxin buildup in her respiratory tract She requires an immediate pulmonary lavage to clear her lungs." 
Rowan stepped forward without hesitation. "I'm transferring her out of here." "Absolutely not."
Orion stood up, his predatory gaze locking onto Rowan with lethal intent.
###Chapter 1027
Orion stared the Langston brothers down, his voice cold and unwavering. "If Lemira had a choice, she would never go with any of you."
There was no way in hell he was handing her over to this family.
Rowan Langston met Orion's hostility with icy professionalism. "Mr. Everhart, we are her legal family and her recognized guardians."
"Exactly," Caspian chimed in. "If she needs emergency surgery right now, we're the ones who have to sign the consent forms."
Thaddeus Draven let out a dark scoff. "Sign what? Her do-not-resuscitate order?"
Rowan snapped. He grabbed Thaddeus by the collar, his eyes burning with sudden, unhinged fury. "What did you just say? Say it to my face!"
Thaddeus blinked, genuinely caught off guard by the usually stoic researcher's violent reaction.
Orion's tone dropped to a dangerous octave. "You think you can take her from me? If I hadn't given the order, none of you would have even made it through the lobby doors tonight."
It was a blatant display of absolute dominance.
Sensing the imminent explosion, Lucian Langston quickly stepped between them. "Everyone, back off. We are all here because we care about Lemira's safety. Rowan, let him go."
Rowan slowly released his grip, smoothing out his own jacket with a rigid glare. "What the hell does the Everhart family think they are?"
Orion didn't even blink. "Not much. Just a hell of a lot more powerful than the Langstons."
Lucian turned to Rowan, keeping his voice level. "Rowan, the Everhart Medical Center is top-tier. Even if you wanted to transfer her, you aren't going to find a better facility tonight. Why are you pushing for this?"
Rowan scowled. "She needs a pulmonary lavage. The chemical solvents they use here are subpar."
Director Harrison looked deeply offended. "Excuse me, Mr. Langston? We use the most advanced medical-grade formulas available. They are supplied directly by VitaLife Pharmaceuticals. There is nothing superior on the market."
Rowan's lips curled into a sneer of pure arrogance. "Those are obsolete prototypes."
Lucian quickly turned to the director to mediate. "It's actually his formula. Rowan is the lead developer of those exact medications."
The director froze, momentarily stunned by the revelation.
Orion kept his eyes locked on Rowan. "She doesn't leave this hospital. But you can perform the procedure here."
Rowan's jaw clenched. He clearly hated the compromise.
Lucian tugged at Rowan's sleeve, lowering his voice. "The longer we delay, the
worse it gets for her. Don't make this about your ego."
Rowan finally gave a stiff nod. "Fine. Prep the OR. I'm having my team bring my personal equipment. I'll do the lavage myself."
He turned on his heel and walked off, already dialing his team.
Orion watched him leave, his silence serving as his agreement.
Thaddeus leaned in close. "Is he actually reliable?"
nt
"If he invented the commercial formula, he definitely has a more refined version in his private lab." long as it guaranteed Lemire's safety orion would swallow his pride and tolerate the man's presence. 
The hospital staff moved efficiently.
Within the hour, Rowan returned in sterile scrubs, accompanied by his own assistants holding a heavily secured metal briefcase. When he stepped into the scrub room, he froze.
Orion was already there, fully suited up in sterile gear.
Rowan glared at the man he despised more than anyone. "Get out."
"No. I'm staying in the room."
Orion didn't yield an inch. He lifted his chin slightly, a silent threat radiating from him. "If I see you try anything outside the standard procedure, none of you are walking out of this building alive." 
Outside the doors, a wall of Orion's private security stood guard.
Rowan's eyes narrowed. "She is my sister. I would never hurt her."
"Given everything your family has done to her, your word means absolutely nothing to me."
Rowan's gaze faltered for a fraction of a second. *Everything his family had done to her?*
He walked past Orion and stepped into the operating theater. Looking down at Lemira, who was lying pale
and unconscious on the table,
Rowan fell completely silent. Without another word, he snapped open the metal briefcase. 
###Chapter 1028
Orion stood rigid in the corner of the operating room, watching Rowan's every move like a hawk. Director Harrison remained on standby, monitoring the equipment.
The procedure was executed flawlessly.
As the final tubes were removed, Lemira's eyelids fluttered.
Rowan pulled down his surgical mask, a soft, relieved smile breaking across his face. "It's okay, Lemira. The surgery is over."
The moment Lemira's eyes opened, her vision focused entirely on the man standing over her in a white doctor's coat.
It was a perfect replica of the nightmare.
In her previous life, that was the exact moment she realized her kidney had been harvested. She had woken up to the blinding surgical lights, and Rowan had stood over her, smiling, saying those exact same words.
*The surgery is over.*
Absolute, blinding terror hijacked Lemira's brain. She thrashed violently, desperately trying to hurl herself off the operating table.
Orion was there in a fraction of a second. He caught her, wrapping his arms securely around her trembling body. "I've got you. It's okay, you're safe. I'm right here."
"Get away from me! Don't touch me! It hurts! Stay away!"
Lemira curled into a tight ball against Orion's chest, sobbing hysterically, her entire body seized by violent tremors.
Hearing the sheer agony in her voice, Orion slowly lifted his head. The look he gave Rowan was murderous.
Yet, when he spoke to Lemira, his tone was devastatingly gentle. "It's over, Lemira. Nobody is going to touch you. I promise."
It took agonizing minutes for her panic to subside, the sheer exhaustion finally dragging her back into unconsciousness.
Moving with utmost care, Orion carefully removed the IV from her hand and lifted her into his arms.
He glanced at the director. "Did they deviate from the procedure?"
The director shook his head firmly. "No. Everything was done strictly by the book."
Orion gave a tight nod. He turned his lethal gaze back to Rowan. "Why is she so terrified of you? What exactly did you do to her?"
Rowan stood completely frozen, staring at Lemira in utter disbelief. He reached a shaking hand out, wanting to touch her face.
Orion immediately stepped back, shielding her from him.
Rowan's hand hovered in the empty space. His composure completely shattered. "I didn't! I never did anything to hurt her! I swear to God, I didn't!"
Caspian burst through the OR doors, having heard the screaming. "Rowan has been locked in his island lab for years! He hasn't even been home! What could he possibly have done to her?" 
Orion said nothing.
He had seen it with his own eyes. The visceral, screaming panic Lemira exhibited wasn't a standard fear response. It was the trauma of someone who had survived absolute butchery 
Forcing his rage down, Orion adjusted his hold on Lemira and headed for the doors.
He paused for a split second, throwing a final sentence over his shoulder. "If I find
out you laid a hand on her, I will completely destroy you."
Orion had never felt such
consuming, explosive anger. Fore Lemira to react with that level of raw terror, she must have been subjected to something unspeakable. 
FindNovel.net
Had Rowan used her as a test subject for his medical research?
The very thought made Orion's blood run cold. His vision actually swam with the force of his fury.
But the girl in his arms was fragile, clinging to him even in her sleep. He couldn't waste time interrogating them here. He had to get her to a safe room.
If his investigation proved Rowan had touched her, Orion swore to God he would kill the man himself.
As Orion walked out with Lemira, his security detail locked down the hallway, keeping the Langstons trapped where they stood.
Lucian pushed past Caspian, staring at the youngest brother. "What the hell just happened?"
It had all spiraled out of control so fast. They had heard Lemira screaming as if she were being murdered.
The brothers all stared at Rowan, demanding an explanation.
Rowan stumbled backward, his face ashen, looking completely lost.
"I..." Rowan stammered, his voice breaking. "I didn't do anything."
In this lifetime, he truly hadn't.
###Chapter 1029
Orion carried Lemira into the VIP suite, moving as if she were made of fragile glass.
As he laid her down and pulled the blankets over her, he realized her fingers were still locked in a death grip around his shirt. Her knuckles were bone-white, clinging to him as if he were the only thing keeping her tethered to reality.
Orion's chest tightened.
Instead of pulling away, he sat down on the edge of the mattress, gently brushing the hair from her forehead. What exactly was she so terrified of?
The door clicked open, and Thaddeus slipped inside. "Is Lemon okay? The director told me the procedure was flawless."
Thaddeus had seen the chaotic aftermath in the hallway and assumed something had gone catastrophically wrong.
Orion kept his voice low, his eyes never leaving Lemira's sleeping face. "The procedure was fine. The problem was when she woke up."
He quickly relayed exactly what had transpired in the operating room.
Thaddeus's expression darkened. "Knowing Lemon, there's definitely more to this. She doesn't panic over nothing."
"I know."
"Those Langstons are absolute garbage. Look what they've done to our girl."
Orion shot him a deadpan look. "Your girl?"
Thaddeus cleared his throat, holding his hands up in surrender. "Right, sorry. *Your* girl. My bad."
Orion turned his gaze back to Lemira, his tone chillingly casual. "If my suspicions are correct, I am going to bury that entire family."
"And they deserve it. But why hasn't she ever mentioned this to us?" Thaddeus mused, genuinely confused. "We know all about the other horrible things she went through with them. Why keep Rowan a secret?"
Orion's jaw clenched. "I ran a background check on Rowan Langston a while ago. He relocated to an offshore research facility years ago and barely ever returned to the mainland."
"How long ago?"
"Shortly after their parents died. He fast-tracked his medical degree and just left." Thaddeus rubbed his chin. "So they barely lived together. What could have possibly happened in that short window to terrify her to the point of silence?"
"I suspect he used her as a test subject for his clinical trials," Orion stated flatly.
Thaddeus swore violently under his breath. "If that's true, I swear to God, we're going to make that bastard suffer."
Orion tightened his grip on Lemira's cold hand. "Whatever it takes."
He would never let her live in fear again.
For the rest of the night, time seemed to drag on indefinitely for everyone sitting vigil in the hospital.
Only Lemira remained deeply asleep.
But beneath the surface, her mind
was a warzone. She was trapped in a relentless cycle of nightmares, waking up from
e terror only met.
-realize she was drowning in another. She dreamt of the dorm fire, of waking up on Rowan's operating table without her kidney, and finally, of the defining horror of her life: the childhood car crash. 
She was back in the backseat of the sedan. Her father was driving, her mother sitting beside her.
Then came the deafening crush of metal. The smell of gasoline.
She remembered her mother's blood-soaked hands shoving her through the shattered window.
"Please... take her first," her mother sobbed.
scrap Watched as a pair of young,
hands reached through
the jagged glass puting
her out of the wreckage. 
SV
She was hauled away and pulled firmly against a small but steady chest.
"Don't be afraid. I'm right here," a teenage boy's voice, cracking slightly, echoed above her.
Why did that voice sound so familiar?
The boy set her down on the pavement and turned back, sprinting toward the mangled car to pull her parents out.
But he was too late. The car erupted into a massive fireball.
Lemira stood there, staring at the
one
flames She was paralyzed, entirely
Incapable of
able of producing a sin
single
d or shedding a single.
It was the profound, suffocating numbness of ultimate despair.
###Chapter 1030
She stood there, frozen like a statue, while the tears finally broke and streamed silently down her face.
Suddenly, the world went dark. A hand clamped firmly over her eyes, shielding her from the horrific sight of the burning wreckage.
Operating purely on primal grief, Lemira opened her mouth and bit down on the boy's hand with every ounce of strength she possessed.
"It's okay. I've got you," that same gentle, cracking voice whispered against her ear.
Eventually, she let go.
She looked up, finally seeing the face of the boy who had dragged her from the wreckage.
It was a teenage Orion Everhart.
His features were youthful, his eyes wide with shock, his clothes ruined with her parents' blood.
As Lemira reached out to touch his face, the nightmare shattered.
Her eyes fluttered open. The blinding white lights of the hospital room assaulted her vision, accompanied by the sharp, sterile scent of antiseptic.
Was she still dreaming? She honestly couldn't tell anymore.
"You're awake?"
Lemira slowly turned her head. Sitting right beside her was the adult Orion Everhart. The man before her was strikingly handsome, hardened by time, far different from the bleeding boy in her memories.
She lifted a trembling hand and touched his cheek.
Orion didn't pull away. He leaned into her cold palm, his gaze incredibly soft.
Lemira slid her hand to the back of his neck and weakly pulled him down.
Orion didn't resist. He let her guide him until their faces were inches apart.
"What is it?" he murmured.
Instead of answering, Lemira pressed her lips to his. It was a hesitant, desperate kiss. She bit down on his lower lip.
"It's real," she whispered, pulling back slightly to look at the faint mark on his mouth. "This isn't a dream."
Orion paused, his heart doing a complicated rhythm in his chest. He leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to the corner of her mouth. "It's not a dream."
"Did it hurt?"
"A little."
Lemira offered a weak, watery smile. "I had so many nightmares. I couldn't tell what was real anymore."
Orion wrapped both of his hands around hers, warming her icy skin. "This is reality. You're safe. You're awake."
Lemira stared at him, her throat tight with all the words she couldn't bring herself to say.
She remembered everything about the crash now.
It was him. He was the one who had saved her He had almost died è running back into the flames for her parents. If he had been just a few seconds faster, the explosion would have killed him too. 
And she had treated him so terribly.
Orion reached up, gently wiping a stray tear from her eye. "Why are you crying? Who made you feel like this?"
He still firmly believed that whatever Rowan Langston had done to her was the root of this trauma, but he refused to interrogate her while she was this fragile.
Lemira quickly looked away, suddenly intensely embarrassed that she was crying.
She had said such awful, cutting things to him before. She felt too guilty to confess
that she finally remembered what he had done for her.
Orion didn't push. "Are you hurting anywhere?"
Lemira shook her head. "No. I'm just really thirsty."
Orion immediately stood, poured a glass of warm water, and carefully sat on the edge of the bed He slipped an arm behind her shoulders, pulling her against his chest as he helped her drink. 
The water soothed her raw throat.
Her voice was still raspy when she spoke. "Did anyone at the dorm get hurt?"
"No. You were the only one who
ended up in the ER," Orion said, a heavy
sigh escaping his lips. "You
could have just evacuated
immediately. Why did you play the
hero?" 
FindNovel.net
"I didn't think about it. People were asleep. But I made it out fine, didn't I?"
"You passed out. Does that look fine to you?"
Lemira lowered her gaze, the steady, comforting beat of his heart thumping against
her ear.
"I just... really hate fire," she murmured softly. "Can't a girl faint from a panic attack?"
Orion looked down at her. "Because of the car crash?"
