###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
I Love You, Miss Genius
Webfic
It was the middle of summer.
Inside the Shepard Villa, a young woman sat on an expensive leather sofa, lazily enjoying her bubblegum. Her flawless skin seemed to glisten under the sunlight.
She was as beautiful as a work of art.
She puffed and blew a bubble even larger than her face.
“Bonnie’s just not good enough for me, okay? I’m canceling the wedding!”
The man standing in the doorway threw the young woman a disgusted look.
Bonnie’s mother, Vera Shepard, was alarmed.
“Hadwin, I know I can’t really blame you for this because Bonnie is always fooling around.
“But her grandpa and your grandpa wanted you to marry her. How could you cancel the wedding just like that?”
Vera shot Bonnie a glare.
“Apologize to Hadwin now, and promise that you’ll never fool around again!”
Bonnie popped her bubblegum and looked up defiantly.
“Apologize? He should be the one apologizing to me! He broke his promise to marry me and insulted
me!”
Vera was infuriated.
Before she could say a word, Bonnie continued, “Besides, I’ve never fooled around, okay? He’s the one who’s been cheating on me! So I don’t care if the wedding is canceled anyway.”
“Bonnie! Why, you—”
Vera spoke through clenched teeth.
“Enough, Vera.”
Holding up his hand, Hadwin interrupted and said, “Bonnie’s beauty is only skin deep. I appreciate inner beauty more.
“I’ll never marry someone like her, even if she begs me to. There’s only one girl I’ll ever marry-
He looked upstairs lovingly.
“And that’s Trina.”
11
2/3
“Hadwin!” Moved, Trina Shepard rushed downstairs.
“Trina!” Hadwin strode over to the stairwell and opened his arms.
Trina threw herself into his embrace.
Tears welled up in Trina’s eyes. “I can finally marry you now!”
“I’m sorry, Trina, I should have canceled the wedding sooner.”
“It’s all right. I know you had your reasons…”
As the couple made eyes at each other, Bonnie received a text:
“Ms. Bonita, the research is at its final stage. Elite soldiers have been sent to escort you for your safety. We’re arriving now.”
Bonnie wrote a reply: “Be right out.”
She spat out her bubblegum, got up, and headed toward the door.
Trina, who was secretly watching her, thought Bonnie was leaving because she felt ashamed.
But she didn’t think Bonnie had been humiliated enough.
“Don’t go, Bonnie! I’m sorry for what happened. Hadwin and I love each other. You can just blame me for this, okay? It’s not his fault.”
Bonnie calmly looked over her shoulder.
“F*** off, b***,” Bonnie said impassively.
“Won’t you forgive me? Why don’t you hit me so you can feel better?”
Trina took Bonnie’s hand and used it to slap her own face.
“What the hell are you doing, Bonnie? How dare you assault your sister!”
Vera charged over and smacked Bonnie’s hand away.
Bonnie looked down and saw the red mark on her hand.
After a few seconds, she gazed up at Vera.
Vera was her biological mother, but she had always been partial to Trina, who was adopted.
A teary–eyed Trina started to choke up. “It’s not her fault, mom. It’s all on me. I shouldn’t have stolen her fiancé. I-”
Before she could finish, Bonnie interrupted.
“Why would I blame you? You’re a born s***. You can’t help yourself, can you?”
Trina was infuriated, but she couldn’t ruin her nice girl image.
Chapter 1
3/3
“Trina’s your younger sister, Bonnie! How could you say such a thing?”
Vera looked at Bonnie in disappointment.
Bonnie, however, was impassive.
“She is not my sister.”
20 years ago, Bonnie and Trina were accidentally switched at birth by a nurse.
It wasn’t until five years ago that the truth came to light, and she was brought back to the Shepard family from the countryside.
Vera continued to raise Trina as she didn’t want her to live in poverty.
Instead of making it up to Bonnie, Vera became biased against her due to her rural upbringing.
“How could you say something so hurtful? I might not have given birth to her, but she’s still my daughter. Don’t ever say that again!”
Vera often wished that she had given birth to Trina instead.
Bonnie had heard that many times.
“I need to go. I’m not coming back tonight.”
Bonnie headed to the door.
“What? You’re going out to fool around again?” Vera was angry.
“It’s not like that,” Bonnie replied.
“Then what have you been doing? Spill it!” Vera shouted.
Bonnie pursed her lips with a frown. “It’s classified. I can’t tell you.”
She left the villa before Vera could say another word.
“What did I do to deserve such a daughter?”
Outside, Bonnie reached the gate.
She saw more than a hundred green armored vehicles come roaring over.
Suddenly, a deafening ‘whoop–whoop–whoop‘ was heard, accompanied by gusts
Bonnie looked up and saw a dozen helicopters hovering in the sky, ready for action.
of
strong wind.
Soldiers dressed in matching camouflage uniforms swiftly descended from the vehicles and surrounded Bonnie in an orderly fashion.
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 2
Chapter 2 
Their leader saluted Bonnie. “Please get in the car, Ms. Bonita.” 2 
“Why did you bring so many people here?” 
Bonnie scanned her surroundings, noting not only the large number of people but also the heavy weaponry they held. 
“You’re a national treasure of Arvandor, Ms. Bonita. We can’t let anything happen to you. I would have brought at least ten times more soldiers if you hadn’t said something.” 
The man who said that was Brigham Hartley. He wore navy blue epaulets on his shoulders adorned with yellow trim. 
He stood tall and had an imposing presence. 
“Come on, I’m just going to the research institute. Besides, I can take care of myself, okay?” Bonnie said nonchalantly. 
“The whole world is waiting for the results of your research. If you succeed, it’ll be a game–changer for human civilization. We’ll do anything to ensure your safety and keep anyone else from finding out your true identity!” Brigham said, excitedly. He was a huge fan of Bonnie. 
Bonnie raised her brow and tried to change the subject. 
“Oh, where’s Jim?” 
“He’s gone overseas to join the International Fighting Championship. I’ll be in charge of your safety for now.” 
“Okay, let’s go.” Bonnie got into the vehicle. 
The Shepard family butler heard the commotion and went out to the gate to find out what was going on. He was shocked to see Bonnie being escorted away by soldiers in camouflage. 
“Oh, no, ma’am! Ms. Bonnie’s been taken away by the police.” 
“What on earth happened?” Vera was astounded. 
“I have no idea, ma’am! An army of police officers cornered her and took her away. 
Vera quickly rushed out of the villa, followed by Trina and Hadwin. 
When they reached the gate, the helicopters were long gone, and Vera only saw the SUVS moving 
away. 
“What the hell?” Vera grew pale and held a hand to her heart. 
“Has Bonnie broken the law?” Trina asked. 
“So many people came to get her! What could she possibly have done?” Hadwin frowned. 
Murder? 
Multiple homicides? 
Or something even crazier? 
They had no way of knowing for now. 
2/4 
Two days later, a round of applause erupted in the top laboratory of the city of Pyralis. 
“Woohoo! We’ve finally succeeded after working on the research for a whole year.” 
“We owe it to Ms. Bonita. We couldn’t have developed the new carbon nanomaterial so soon without her guidance!” 
“That’s right, she’s the reason why we succeeded! We’ll be able to make advancements in every industry in the country once this nanomaterial is widely adopted. This is great news for Arvandor!” 
“We’re going to wow the whole world!” 
Thrilled, the highly respected and elderly professors cheered like children. 
Bonnie, however, continued to drink her coffee calmly. 
One of the elderly professors approached her. 
“I’ve just received a call from the National Research Institute, Ms. Bonita. They’d like to know when you’ll be available to hold the press conference.” 1 
“Well, that’s up to them.” 
The old professor asked tentatively, “Do you mind if I take care of it?” 
“Go ahead,” Bonnie said. 
“Oh, and even the International Collaborative Research Organization has called to ask about this now that we’ve garnered nationwide attention. You need to come to the press conference, okay?” 
He was worried because Bonnie was usually low–key and almost never showed up at events like this. 
Bonnie hesitated for a moment and said, “Okay.” 
‘Woohoo!‘ 
The professor whooped inwardly in relief. He really thought she would say no. 
If she had, he would have been placed in a difficult position because the higher–ups would insist he make her go. 
“I’ll deal with it then.” 
“Sure.” Bonnie waved him off and continued to drink her coffee. 
Chapter 2 
Murder? 
Multiple homicides? 
Or something even crazier? 
They had no way of knowing for now. 
2/4 
Two days later, a round of applause erupted in the top laboratory of the city of Pyralis. 
“Woohoo! We’ve finally succeeded after working on the research for a whole year.” 
“We owe it to Ms. Bonita. We couldn’t have developed the new carbon nanomaterial so soon without her guidance!” 
“That’s right, she’s the reason why we succeeded! We’ll be able to make advancements in every industry in the country once this nanomaterial is widely adopted. This is great news for Arvandor!” 
“We’re going to wow the whole world!” 
Thrilled, the highly respected and elderly professors cheered like children. 
Bonnie, however, continued to drink her coffee calmly. 
One of the elderly professors approached her. 
“I’ve just received a call from the National Research Institute, Ms. Bonita. They’d like to know when you’ll be available to hold the press conference.” 1 
“Well, that’s up to them.” 
The old professor asked tentatively, “Do you mind if I take care of it?” 
“Go ahead,” Bonnie said. 
“Oh, and even the International Collaborative Research Organization has called to ask about this now that we’ve garnered nationwide attention. You need to come to the press conference, okay?” 
He was worried because Bonnie was usually low–key and almost never showed up at events like this. 
Bonnie hesitated for a moment and said, “Okay.” 
‘Woohoo!‘ 
The professor whooped inwardly in relief. He really thought she would say no. 
If she had, he would have been placed in a difficult position because the higher–ups would insist he make her go. 
“I’ll deal with it then.” 
“Sure.” Bonnie waved him off and continued to drink her coffee. 
Chapter 2 
3/4 
Her phone vibrated. 
The caller ID showed that it was Sigmund Knight. 
Bonnie answered it, and the old man’s excited voice came through. 
“I heard your wedding’s been canceled, Bonnie. Congratulations!” He laughed heartily. 
She had expected him to say this, so Bonnie waited for him to finish. 
“Now, according to our agreement, you would think about marrying my grandson if you were no longer engaged. It’s time to fulfill your promise.” 
Bonnie raised her brow. “Okay, but will your grandson agree to this? He’s the hottest bachelor in Pyralis. He could have any girl he wants.” 
“He has to. Oh, I asked him to pick you up at a supermarket near the research institute so he wouldn’t find out your true identity. I’ve given him your number. He’ll text you when he arrives.” 
Her phone dinged as she received a message that read “I’m here.” 
Sigmund heard it and quickly said, “My grandson must have texted you. Go meet him now.” 
“Okay,” Bonnie answered indifferently. She left the institute after bidding the professors goodbye. 
As she stepped out of the building, she saw an eye–catching black Maybach. 
“That looks familiar…” 
Three years ago, she successfully treated the father of a rich tycoon from overseas. 
She had been given a limited–edition Maybach as a gift–there were only ten in the world. 
She didn’t like driving, so she gave it to Sigmund for his birthday. 
Just as Bonnie remembered what happened, the driver’s window lowered, revealing a handsome face. 
“Hi, you’re Bonnie Shepard, right?” 
“Yup.” Bonnie nodded, She sized up the man in front of her. 
He was wearing an open–collared floral shirt with a peculiar–looking necklace around his neck, and seemed incredibly frivolous. 
Was this Sigmund’s grandson? What the hell? 
“Woah, I didn’t expect you to be so pretty!” he praised, then turned to someone in the back seat.” Ivor, you lucky son–of–a–b***! Sigmund has good taste.” 
When Bonnie heard him say that, she knew she had been mistaken. 
As she was about to open the car door, a cold voice from the back seat said, “I don’t give a shit, okay? I want nothing to do with her.” 
Chapter 2 
4/4 
Bonnie impassively opened the door and got into the car. 
She was amazed when she saw Sigmund’s actual grandson. 
Although she was only 20, she had been to many countries and seen many good–looking men, but very few had impressed her like this. 
However, she quickly looked away because she wanted nothing to do with him as well. 
Besides, she noticed that the man kept working on his laptop and didn’t even bother to look at her. 
She could tell he didn’t want to be there either. 
“Ms. Bonnie, I’m Ged Franklin, Ivor’s best friend,” Ged spoke as he drove. 
“Oh, hi,” Bonnie answered politely. 
“I hope you don’t mind me asking this. Is it true that you haven’t graduated from high school yet even though you’re 20 already?” 
“Uh–huh.” 
“You’re going to take the college entrance test soon, huh? Do you need any help getting into university? My grandfather teaches at Pyralis University…” 
Ged kept talking, but Bonnie merely responded with “uh–huh“. 
He thought that she and Ivor were similar. 
Ged got bored with Bonnie’s monosyllabic answers and stopped asking her questions. 
But at that moment, Bonnie spoke. 
“The car used to be Sigmund’s, right?” 
“Yeah, how do you know that?” Ged asked curiously. 
Bonnie said truthfully, “Well, I gave it to him as a gift.” 
As he heard that, Ivor looked up at her– 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 3
Chapter 3 
When Ivor saw Bonnie’s beautiful face, his eyes lit up, which rarely happened. 
It wasn’t just because of her looks. It was also because of what she had just said. 
Ged burst out laughing. “That’s a good one! You’re funny, I’ll give you that.” 
“You don’t believe me?” 
Bonnie didn’t care if they believed her, but she wanted to tell the truth. 
She looked serious, but Ged started to doubt her. 
“Do you know what car this is? Do you really expect us to believe that you gave it to Sigmund?” 
It was clear that he didn’t think she could afford it. 
Bonnie nodded, “This model was launched three years ago by Mercedez, with a global limited edition of ten units, I think.” 
She remembered that was what the tycoon had told her. 
Ged’s eyes went wide. ‘She knows? 
‘She knows, but she still has the nerve to claim that she gave this to Sigmund? She’s f*cking unbelievable! 
‘How could Sigmund want Ivor to marry her? She’s so full of sh*t!‘ 
Ged decided not to pursue the matter out of respect for the Knight family. 
Soon, the car reached the Knight Residence. 
“We’re here,” Ivor told Bonnie impassively. 
She opened the door and got out. 
Ged looked over his shoulder at Ivor. “Bro, I know it’s none of my business, but Sigmund’s made a bad choice.” 
Ivor said, “I told you, I wanted to have nothing to do with her.” 
Ged was relieved he was not interested in her. 
Sigmund was waiting at the door. When he spotted Bonnie, his cloudy eyes lit up. 
“You’re finally here, Bonnie! What do you think of my villa?” 
Bonnie looked inside the luxurious living hall. It had crystal chandeliers, genuine leather sofas, and exquisite tiles. 
“It’s not bad.” 
Chapter 3 
2/2 
“Marry my grandson then, and you can raise your children here. Will three kids be enough? Hmm, make it seven!” 
Ged laughed. “Come on, Sigmund, get off their backs! They’re grown adults, after all.” 
Sigmund ignored him. He took Bonnie’s hand and put it on Ivor’s. 
They quickly pulled their hands apart. 
“Grandpa, I brought her here like you wanted, and that’s as far as I’m willing to go. I’m in no mood for romance, so please stop trying to play cupid, okay?” Ivor said grimly. 
“No mood for romance? You’re into girls, aren’t you? Or are the rumors true? That you always hang out with Ged because you’re gay?” 
Ged spat out his water. 
“I’d be proud to be gay, but I’m straight, all right?” 
“Yeah, right!” 
Ged was speechless. 
Ivor knew that Sigmund was keen to set him up with Bonnie, so he tried to dissuade him. “She and I aren’t right for each other.” 
“How so?” 
Ivor glanced at Bonnie and said solemnly, “Grandpa, you’re right that I’ve always been a bit of a snob, but there’s a reason for that. I skipped grades and was admitted directly into Pyralis University. 
“Ever since I became CEO of the company, I’ve led it to great success, and we’ve become the leader in many fields!” 
Sigmund frowned. “What are you trying to say?” 
Ivor narrowed his eyes and glanced at Bonnie. He said coldly, “She’s not good enough for me.” “She’s not good enough for you? Don’t you know that she’s-” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 4
Chapter 4 
Before Sigmund could finish, Bonnie stopped him by stepping on his foot. 
“She’s what?” Ivor asked, puzzled. 
Ged was curious too. 
Sigmund wanted to tell them who Bonnie really was, but she glared at him and wouldn’t let him. 
The old man cleared his throat. “She’s… the girl I want you to marry! Besides, how could you say she’s not good enough for you? You’re 27. You should be grateful that she doesn’t care how much older you are. And you should apologize to her for being so rude.” 
Ivor pursed his lips, got up, and looked at Bonnie. 
“I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings, but I’m just telling the truth.” 
Bonnie swallowed a piece of orange and said casually, “You don’t have to apologize. I was going to say the same thing to you. You’re good, but you’re not good enough.” 
Silence fell in the living room. 
Ivor’s impassive eyes betrayed a hint of emotion as he looked at Bonnie appraisingly. 
Ged was surprised that she had the nerve to say such a thing. 
“What’s the matter with you two? Don’t you care for me at all?” 
Sigmund was exasperated. 
“Bonnie, don’t forget that you said you’d do anything I asked after I saved you and your family.” 
Bonnie frowned. 
“And you, Ivor. When you were still a student, your parents didn’t want you to waste your time on anything unproductive. If it weren’t for my support, would you have been able to play chess and join those competitions? 
“You said that as long as I helped persuade your parents to let you play chess, you’d do what I said in the future. Why are you going back on your word?” 
Ivor was stumped. 
All of a sudden, the living room became quiet again. 
A moment later, Sigmund spoke. 
“I know I can’t force love, so how about this? You get engaged and we’ll see how things go.” 
Bonnie thought about it and said, “Okay, but I want to set a time limit.” 
“All right, 10 years then. If you think you’re not right for each other after that, I’ll call it off,” 
Chapter 4 
Sigmund said. 
Bonnie shot him a look of disbelief. 
“You might as well have said 50 years.” 
2/3 
Sigmund slapped his thigh excitedly. “50 years it is!” 
Bonnie was at a loss for words. She knew he was doing this on purpose. 
“One month. After one month, I’ll have nothing to do with him,” Bonnie said coldly. 
“One month? That’s too short, isn’t it? Talk to her, Ivor,” Sigmund said anxiously. 
Ivor said impassively, “Okay, one month it is.” 
“Deal!” 
“Great, it’s a deal then.” 
Bonnie and Ivor had finally agreed on something. 
Exasperated, Sigmund let out a long sigh. 
“Since you’ve made up your mind, I’ll pick a date for your engagement. 
“Okay.” Bonnie checked the time and got up. “It’s late. I should get going.” 1 
“Why don’t you stay for dinner?” Sigmund tried to persuade her to stay. 
“I haven’t been home in days. My parents will be worried.” 
Sigmund acquiesced after he heard her say that. 
As he watched Bonnie leave, Ged said, “She hasn’t gone home in days? Isn’t she a student? She doesn’t seem to be sick. Why would she take so many days off? 
“She must have skipped class, huh? Sigmund, what were you thinking? How could you choose a girl like that to be Ivor’s wife?” 
“You don’t know anything about her, okay?” Sigmund was exasperated. 
Ged decided to drop the subject for now. 
“Oh, I almost forgot!” Ged looked toward Ivor. “I’ve managed to get in touch with the Shepherd!” 
“For real?” Ivor grew excited. 
Even his eyes lit up. 
Ged tsked. “You only come alive when we talk about chess, don’t you?” 
“Cut the crap! When did you contact the Shepherd? Did he agree to play a game with me?” 
That was all Ivor cared about. 
Chapter 4 
3/3 
“I only managed to get in touch with his friend. He said the Shepherd’s been busy lately, so he’ll tell him when he’s free.” 
“Great, I’ll wait then.” Ivor squeezed his fists to contain his excitement. 
The butler rushed into the Shepard villa. 
“Ma’am! Ms. Bonnie is back!” 
“What? How is she back?” 
Vera and her husband, Gresham Shepard, were in the middle of dinner. They exchanged a look. 
At that moment, Bonnie entered the house in her sneakers. 
Vera put down her fork and quickly walked up to her. 
“Didn’t you get taken away by the police? Did you manage to…. escape?” 
Vera was troubled, and Gresham gave his daughter a stern look. 
“I might not be your dad, but I suggest you surrender. If you don’t, I’ll have to call the cops for your own good.” 
Bonnie frowned and said placidly, “I didn’t break the law or escape from anywhere, all right?” 
Gresham’s face stiffened. “You really won’t turn yourself in?” 
Bonnie didn’t bother to explain. 
Gresham took out his phone and called the police station. 
“Hello, I’d like to make a police report. 
“My daughter was arrested two days ago, but she escaped and returned home. I told her to give herself up, but she refused. Please come arrest her now!” 1 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 5
Chapter 5 
“Her name? Bonnie Shepard, B–O–N–N–1–E, S–H–E–P–A–R–D.” 
“Please hold, sir. Let me check the records.” 
A minute later, the voice came through, stammering this time. 
“Y–you’ve made a mistake. Bon” she coughed, “Bonnie Shepard hasn’t broken any law or escaped from the police. 
“If you make a false report again, we’ll charge you!” 
With that, she hung up. 
Gresham was stupefied. Vera was beside him and had heard everything the police officer said. 
“Are you done? I’ll go upstairs then.” Bonnie left. 
Vera felt a sense of pity as she watched her walk away. 
After all, Bonnie might be a loser, but she was still her daughter. 
“I’m sorry, Bonnie. We were wrong about you.” 
Saddened, Bonnie stopped and looked over her shoulder at Vera. That woman hardly ever apologized to her and was never so gentle to her. 
Gresham sighed. 
“I was just worried about you. Anyway, I apologize.” 
Bonnie frowned. “It’s okay.” 
The living room fell silent, and Bonnie spoke first. 
“I’m hitting the sack.” 
“Wait!” 
Vera stopped Bonnie. “What on earth happened the other day? Why did you get taken away?” 
“I told you, it’s classified. I’ll tell you when the time is right.” 
Bonnie told her the truth. 
Vera was losing her patience and felt disappointed and angry. 
She didn’t want to hear any more lies, so she changed the subject. 
“The school called. They said they might kick you out if you skip classes again.” 
“I’ll handle it.” 
Chapter 5 
2/4 
Bonnie wasn’t worried about getting kicked out of school because she could easily get someone to 
take care of that. 
But Vera exploded. 
“You’ll handle it? How? Do you think you’re the principal or something? You’re 20 years old, Bonnie! You could have graduated long ago if you hadn’t skipped school so often. Hell, you even took one whole year off before! 
“Trina was born on the same day as you, but she’s already a sophomore at Pyralis University! 
“If you keep fooling around like this, you’ll never get into college! 
“And even if you do, it’ll probably be some third–rate college!” 
Bonnie had told Vera why she had to take a break from school back then. 
But her parents didn’t believe her and had scolded her for lying. 
Bonnie didn’t bother trying to explain herself again. 
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to some third–rate college. I’ll be going to Pyralis University.” 
“Pyralis University?” 
Vera could hardly believe her ears. 
“Yup.” Bonnie nodded. 
“That’s the best university in Pyralis! Only the cream of the crop gets in there! 
“Trina got in because she studied hard day and night. 
“You’ve repeated grades for two years. What makes you think you can get in?” 
“I’ll have no problem getting in if I become the top scorer in the entrance test.” 
Bonnie was confident. 
Vera was truly exasperated. By the time she regained her composure, Bonnie had returned to her 
bedroom. 
She had worked on her research for two days straight, and she was exhausted. 
Just as she was getting ready to shower, she received a video call from one of her best friends. 
She answered it, and a handsome man showed up on screen. 
“Hey, the Knight wants to have a game with you.” 
Bonnie was intrigued. “Are you sure it’s him?” 
“100%!” 
“Okay, I’m in.” 
Chapter 
“That’s terrific!” Heath Rice sounded excited. “The Shepherd and the Knight are the titans of the chess world. This will be the game of the century! I’m really looking forward to it. I’ll reply to him right away!” 
“Sure.” 
After hanging up, Bonnie took a hot shower and lay down in bed to sleep. 
3/4 
At 6:00 a.m. the next day, Bonnie left her house in a tank top and a pair of leggings. 
She hadn’t done any kickboxing training in a long time, so she decided to work out in the park. 
Bonnie saw an old man shadow boxing while his peers looked on. 
“Way to go, Orson!” 
“No one can take a punch like that!” 
The elderly onlookers showered the man with their compliments. 
Bonnie frowned and muttered to herself, “Your footwork is poor, and your strikes are sloppy.” 
She had learned kickboxing from a young age, so she couldn’t help pointing out his mistakes. 
The elderly men heard her and looked over. 
They looked at the young woman skeptically. 
“Hey, young lady, what do you know about kickboxing?” 
“Don’t talk about what you don’t know, okay?” 
“Yeah, Orson has studied kickboxing for over a decade. I’m sure he knows what he’s doing.” 
But Bonnie was undaunted. 
“I was just telling the truth. He wasn’t doing it right.” 
“Watch your mouth, young lady!” 
Scott had a bad temper. He was a huge fan of Orson Steele, and couldn’t accept anyone criticizing him. 
“Get lost, or I’m going to-” 
“Leave her alone, Scott. She’s just a kid.” 
Smiling amicably, Orson walked up to Bonnie. 13 
“So you know some kickboxing, huh?” 
“Yup.” Bonnie nodded. 
Orson studied her face and was surprised to find that she didn’t look like she was lying. 
Chapter 5 
“How long have you been doing it?” 
Bonnie tried to remember. “Since I was three.” 
“You guys hear that? Kickboxing at three years old? 
“I’ve lived many years, but I’ve never met anyone so full of shit!” 
Scott and others laughed so hard that they doubled over. 
Bonnie remained impassive. 
Touching his beard, Orson narrowed his eyes and said, “You said I didn’t do it right. Why don’t you show me the right way?” 
Bonnie checked the time. As she only needed to get to school at 7:30 a.m., she had time. 
“I’ll have to go to school later, so I’ll only show this once. Pay close attention, okay?” 
“What a show–off! If she can pull this off, I’ll shave my head and do a headstand-” 
Before Scott could finish, his jaw dropped. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 6
Chapter 6 
Bonnie began to shadowbox with awe–inspiring precision and fluidity. 
She ended by punching a tree branch, managing to break it without disturbing the leaves. 
Everyone was shocked. 
Scott’s jaw dropped open. 
They looked at Bonnie as if they had seen a monster. 
“Did you get a good look?” 
Bonnie stopped and looked at Orson. 
The old man was impressed. 
“Your moves were perfect! You must be a kickboxing expert.” 
Scott cleared his throat and approached her, blushing. 
“Young lady–uh, ma’am, I’m sorry if I offended you.” 
Bonnie chuckled. “I’m not an expert. I just learned kickboxing to stay healthy.” 
“Can you teach me some of your moves?” 
“I’d like to learn too!” 
Bonnie was soon surrounded by the old men, all eager to learn from her. 
At that moment, a voice said, “She’s just a phony.” 
Bonnie looked toward the source. 
A young woman who looked to be around 18 or 19 walked over. She was of average height, and a burly man almost two meters tall followed behind her. 
“Mind 
your manners, Kay!” Orson chided. 
“She’s just a scammer, grandpa. She’s trying to impress you guys so she can swindle you!” 
Kay stood between Bonnie and Orson and glared at her. 
“She’s not, okay? Her moves were perfect!” Orson said earnestly. 
“You’re too gullible, grandpa. She must have done this many times. I bet she only knows those moves. 
“She’s just pretending to be an expert so you’ll pay to learn from her!” 
“Are you sure?” Orson frowned. 
Scott smacked his thigh and said angrily, “Kay is right! How could someone so young be so good at 
kickboxing? She has to be a phony!” 
The others whispered among themselves while glancing at Bonnie. 
“F*** off, or I’ll call the cops!” Kay Steele shouted as she shoved Bonnie away. 
Bonnie didn’t want to argue with them, but she was upset that they had called her a phony. 
And that the young woman had told her to f*** off, too. 
“Do you have proof that I’m a scammer? Have I taken their money?” 
“Well, if I weren’t here, you would have done it, wouldn’t you?” 
Bonnie quirked her brow. “So you have no proof. Do you think the cops will believe you?” 
“I-” 
Kay was stumped. 
Bonnie continued, “And I can sue you for defamation, you know.‘ 
“Sue me?” Kay was in disbelief. 
She had never seen such a shameless swindler before! 
“So you’re saying you’re not a phony? How about you spar with my bodyguard? I’ll believe you if you can beat him.” 
“Sure, but if he loses, you have to apologize to me.” 
Bonnie wasn’t a petty person, but she didn’t like to be pushed around. 
“Alright, it’s a deal! But if you lose, you have to apologize to me, my grandpa, and his friends. 
“You’ll also have to do it live online, so everyone will know you’re a goddamn phony!” 
Kay was convinced that Bonnie was an evil scammer who targeted the elderly. 
Orson stepped closer. “Just let her go, Kay.” 
“We can’t, grandpa! She might have targeted you because you’re a famous painter.” 
A famous painter? Orson? 
Bonnie realized the old man was a well–known painter. 
Her grandmother liked him a lot, and her grandfather was a hardcore fan. 
“Just leave her alone, all right?” 
Orson didn’t want to make a scene. 
“But grandpa, she-” 
“I need to go to school soon. Are we doing this or not?” Bonnie interrupted them impatiently. 
Chapter 6 
Kay couldn’t believe Bonnie was still trying to act tough. 
“Spar with her, Milo. Don’t hold back, okay?” 
She had been going to tell him to go easy on Bonnie since she was a girl, but not anymore. 
‘You asked for this!‘ Kay thought. 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
Milo cracked his neck, then his wrists, then his knuckles. 
He was huge and fierce, and looked so scary that anyone would have run away in fear. 
But Bonnie just frowned and said impatiently, “I’m in a hurry, okay? Just get on with it.” 
“Don’t you want to warm up first?” Milo asked, raising an eyebrow. 
“Not if you’re my opponent.” 
She was just stating a fact. She didn’t mean it as an insult. 
“How dare you!” 
Upset, Milo threw his huge fist at Bonnie’s face- 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 8
Chapter 8 
Bonnie had written down the answer on the blackboard while they were talking- 
The students were astonished. 
“That’s incredible! How does an underachiever like Bonnie know how to answer that?” 
“I don’t even understand the question, but she did it without even having to think!” 
“Could Bonnie be some kind of genius?” 
Mr. Rios flushed in embarrassment as he heard the students talk. 
He had tried to get Bonnie to answer these questions to warn her against skipping classes. 
If he couldn’t stump Bonnie today, he would lose the students‘ respect. 
Suddenly, he thought of one of the seven famous unsolved math problems. 
The P versus NP problem had baffled countless mathematicians. 
It had been solved only a month ago by a mysterious math genius, to the shock of the world. 
“There’s no way she’ll be able to solve this one!‘ he thought. 
“Those questions were easy. Try this one instead.” 
Mr. Rios looked smug after he had written down the question on the blackboard. 
Bonnie glanced at it, then threw him an odd look. 
“What are you looking at me for? Do I have the answer on my face?” 
Mr. Rios was pleased that he had finally stumped her. 
The students stared at the question, completely baffled. 
“What the hell is that?” 
“Is that a math question? Did Mr. Rios come up with this just to challenge Bonnie?” 
Mr. Rios sneered as he saw Bonnie just standing there. 
“If you don’t know how to do this, you should come to my class on time and pay-” 
Before he could finish, Bonnie began to write down the solution. 
As she filled the entire blackboard, Mr. Rios‘ jaw dropped. 
She was running out of space, so she went to the board at the back and continued writing. 
As time passed, the class grew increasingly quiet. 
When the school bell rang, Bonnie said, “I’m done.” She put down the chalk and walked out of the 
Chapter 8 
classroom. 
Mr. Rios and other students were left awestruck. 
The teacher, especially, couldn’t believe what he just saw. 
2/5 
When school ended in the afternoon, a thunderstorm broke out. 
No one expected it as the weather forecast hadn’t mentioned rain. 
As the rain grew heavier, Bonnie waited at the school entrance with most of the students. 
A few girls were engaged in lively conversation. 
“Is your boyfriend coming to pick you up, Sacha?” 
“He says he’s on the way,” Sacha Hutchinson said, shooting Bonnie a taunting look. 
She hated Bonnie because she was more beautiful than her. 
“I’m so jealous of you, Sacha. I heard your boyfriend’s dad owns the Caesar Hotel!” 
“Oh my God, the Caesar Hotel is a four–star hotel in Pyralis, isn’t it?” 
Sacha grinned. “Well, I heard from Dwayne that his dad just applied for a five–star rating. The approval should come through soon.” 
“Woah, Sacha, your boyfriend is really something!” 
Sacha looked at Bonnie again. “Well, Bonnie’s fiancé’s family owns Sunrise Properties. I don’t think Dwayne can hold a candle to him.” 
Everyone looked at Bonnie. 
“Sacha, haven’t you heard? Bonnie’s wedding has been called off.” 
“Oh my God, for real?” 
Sacha acted as though she had just heard about it and clapped her hand over her mouth. 
She looked at Bonnie apologetically. 
“Sorry, Bonnie, I didn’t know he dumped you. I wouldn’t have brought it up if I’d known.” 
Bonnie eyed her. “You’re just like my sister, you know. She’s a real b***.” 
Sacha stiffened. The other students started to get upset. 
“Hey, she apologized, didn’t she?” 
“Yeah, you shouldn’t have said that!” 
“Say sorry to her!” 
3/5 
Bonnie chuckled. 
“What are you laughing at? Is it funny that we’re asking you to say sorry?” 
“I’m laughing at your low 10,” Bonnie said truthfully. 
These girls seemed really dumb to someone with an 10 of 300. 
“Hey, are you calling us stupid?” 
Bonnie raised her brow. “Well, she’s being a b***, but you’re taking her side. Aren’t you being stupid? 
“So what if you solved those math questions? You must have just memorized the answers!” 
“Tilda’s right! Who the hell do you think you are to call us stupid?” 
Bonnie’s phone dinged. She didn’t bother arguing with them and checked her phone. 
A message from Ivor read, “Grandpa asked me to pick you up. Arriving soon.‘ 
After she replied to the message, a bright red sports car pulled up at the entrance and drew everyone’s 
attention. 
A man in a striped suit stepped out from the car and headed over. 
“It’s Dwayne Moss! He’s so damn hot, just like his car. If only he were my boyfriend.” 
“You can forget about that. He’s Sacha’s boyfriend.” 
“That’s her boyfriend? His car must be really expensive!” 
Sacha lifted her chin proudly. She walked up to Bonnie and put on a sad face. 
“I didn’t mean what I said, okay, Bonnie? 
“It’s pouring right now. Why don’t Dwayne and I give you a ride home? We can call it quits.” 
Bonnie glanced at her and didn’t answer. 
Sacha’s eyes started to fill with tears. “Come on, Bonnie, I didn’t do it on purpose. 
“We’re classmates. Why would I want to embarrass you? 
“Anyway, 
I’m throwing a birthday party this weekend at Regal Karaoke. You should come, okay?” 
As she spoke, Sacha tried to hold Bonnie’s hand. 
Bonnie took a step back in disgust. 
“Do you really hate me that much, Bonnie?” 
Sacha’s crying gained the sympathy of other students, who began to criticize Bonnie again. 
“She’s too much!” 
Chapter 8 
“Bonnie is such a b***!” 
“She sure is!” 
Dwayne came over and pulled Sacha into his arms. 
“Don’t cry, Sacha. I’ve got your back.” 
Dwayne angrily turned to Bonnie. 
He wanted to yell at her, but he was struck by her beauty. 
She was way prettier than his girlfriend! 
Sacha sensed something was off. She looked up and started to feel anxious as she saw Dwayne’s mesmerized look. 
“She’s my classmate, Dwayne. Just leave her alone. 
“I feel sorry for her, you know? She skips school a lot and has had to repeat a grade for two years. 
“I think she’s going to fail the college entrance test, and her family doesn’t like her. 
“Her sister even stole her fiancé. Oh, you know him. It’s Hadwin Rhodes.” 
Sacha said all that so Dwayne would know that Bonnie wasn’t a popular girl despite her beauty. 
“So you’re the girl Hadwin dumped.” 
It was just as Sacha had expected. Dwayne now only had contempt for Bonnie. 
Sacha was secretly relieved when she heard that. 
Bonnie paid no attention to Dwayne. 
“Hey, I’m talking to you! Are you deaf?” Dwayne shouted impatiently. 
Bonnie glanced at him. “I don’t talk to idiots.” 
“Are you calling me an idiot? I dare you to say that again!” 
Bonnie looked away, pursed her lips, and stopped talking. 
As she said, she didn’t want to talk to idiots. 
Dwayne was infuriated. 
“How dare you, b***? I’m going to-” 
Before he could finish, a deep, cold voice came from behind him. 
“Move. You’re in my way.” 
What the hell? 
Dwayne angrily turned around and immediately felt small when he saw who was behind him. 
Chapter 6 
515 
It was an exceptionally handsome man who had an imposing kinglike presence. 
Sacha and the other girls stared longingly at the man holding the umbrella. 
No one could blame them because he was ridiculously dashing. 
“Oh my God! He’s so freaking hot. Who is he? A movie star?” 
“I doubt it. With a face like that, he should be so famous that we would have instantly known who he was,” 
“Do you think he’s here to pick someone up?” 
“Who’s the lucky girl?” 
The students looked among themselves. 
Dwyane studied Ivor. He could tell that Ivor was no ordinary man. 
But he had never met him among elite circles before. 
“Don’t make me repeat myself,” Ivor narrowed his eyes as he spoke coldly. 
Daunted, Dwayne instinctively stepped aside. 
He was also curious about who Ivor was going to pick up. 
To everyone’s disbelief, Ivor walked toward Bonnie! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 7
Chapter 7 
Bonnie dodged swiftly and punched his chest. 
Milo stumbled backwards and stared at her in shock. 
The park was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. 
“What a punch!” Orson shouted excitedly. 
Scott gaped stupidly at her. 
The other elderly men were stupefied as well. 
They had sparred among themselves before, but Bonnie had applied her techniques in a real fight! 
“That’s impossible! She must have just hit him by accident!” 
Kay couldn’t believe that a young girl like Bonnie could get the best of Milo. 
After all, her grandfather had hand picked him from among the best fighters! 
“Milo, what are you waiting for? Attack!” 
“Yes, ma’am!” Pulling himself together, Milo took a quick step and delivered a jab at his opponent. 
Bonnie blocked it and landed a strike on his ribcage with her left knee. 
Milo g*** loudly in pain. 
The old men gasped. 
“That knee strike must have hurt like hell!” 
Milo growled through clenched teeth and charged at Bonnie. 
But no matter how he tried, he couldn’t land any hits on her. 
In the end, Bonnie threw a roundhouse kick, knocking Milo to the ground. 
Every muscle in his body ached, and he could not get back up. 
Everyone else was dumbstruck. 
Orson approached Bonnie. “May I know your name?” 
“I’m Bonnie Shepard.” 
She added, “I’m not a kickboxing expert. I just do this for fun.” 
What the hell? 
Astonished, Orson caught himself and looked at Kay. 
“Apologize to Ms. Bonnie.” 
Chapter 7 
2/3 
Kay was silent. 
Orson frowned. He thought Kay was being stubborn. 
Suddenly, Kay walked up to Bonnie and earnestly held out her hands. 
“Please teach me how to fight like you, ma’am!” 
Orson was taken aback. ‘Huh?” 
Bonnie was surprised as she saw Kay’s eyes shining with admiration for her. 
“I want to be just like you!” 
She was now Bonnie’s number one fan. 
She liked watching superhero movies and longed to be like Wonder Woman or Black Widow. 
So she was awed when she saw Bonnie beat Milo down like it was nothing. 
Bonnie checked the time and saw it was already 8:00 a.m. 
She was late for school. 
“If you’re interested in learning kickboxing, you can get anyone to teach you. I need to go now.” 
She turned and left. 1 
Kay stared after her and told Milo, “Get someone to look into her, but don’t let her find out about it or cause her any trouble. And you need to treat her respectfully the next time you see her, okay?” 
*** 
Bonnie didn’t realize that Kay would start to investigate her. When she reached school, it was already 8:15 a.m. 
Mr. Rios, the math teacher, was livid. He glared at Bonnie as she stood in the doorway. 
“You’re late for my class again! Is my class not good enough for you?” 
A student raised her hand. “I don’t think she did it to upset you, Mr. Rios. She’s always late to other classes too. Sometimes, she doesn’t even show up for days!” 
But that information did not make him feel any better. 
“You’re old enough to know that you should take school seriously, Bonnie. 
“How will you graduate from high school if you keep acting like this? If I were your dad-” 
“Can I go in now, Mr. Rios? I’ve been standing here for two minutes.” 
Bonnie glanced at her seat. 
Mr. Rios was furious, but he couldn’t resort to corporal punishment. 
Chapter 7 
3/3 
So he tried another method. 
“Don’t sit down yet, Bonnie. Solve the question on the blackboard.” 
The system of equations with two variables wasn’t too difficult, but it also wasn’t easy. He thought a bad student like Bonnie would never be able to solve it. 
“Okay.” Bonnie picked up the chalk and wrote down the answer without hesitation. 
“Done.” 
Mr. Rios‘ eyes went wide. 
The answer was correct. 
She must have gotten it right by chance! 
“Solve all the other questions.” 
He was convinced that Bonnie wouldn’t be able to solve these math questions. 
Bonnie glanced at them and frowned. 
Mr. Rios sneered. 
“What is it? You can’t solve them, huh? This is why you shouldn’t be late to school or skip class!” 
“It’s not that.” Bonnie picked up the chalk again and solved the equations without thinking. 
She answered five questions correctly. 
Mr. Rios was exasperated. “If you knew how to do it, why did you hesitate?” 
“Because they’re too easy. Answering them would just be a waste of time,” Bonnie replied truthfully. 
Mr. Rios felt his blood pressure rise. “Okay, since you think my questions are too easy, why don’t you try to solve this one? If you can’t, I’m sending you to detention!” 
He then wrote a difficult question on the blackboard. 
Some students recognized it. 
“That looks like an Olympiad math problem. We studied it in math club, but no one could solve it.” 
“How’s Bonnie supposed to solve that?” 
“Didn’t you hear what she said? If I were Mr. Rios, I’d be upset too.” 
“Bonnie had it coming!” 
As the students murmured among themselves, Mr. Ross suddenly gaped at the blackboard in disbelief. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 9
Chapter 9 
Everyone was dumbstruck as Ivor walked up to Bonnie and held his umbrella over her. 
“Ready to go?” 
Bonnie nodded. 
What the hell? 
The students couldn’t believe their eyes. 
A gorgeous man had come to pick Bonnie up! 
They were shocked beyond belief. 
When they saw Bonnie and Ivor get into a Maybach parked by the curb, their jaws dropped even further. 
One of the students recognized the car. “That’s a limited–edition Maybach! It costs a bomb! You might not be able to get your hands on it even if you could afford it.” 
Everyone including Sacha looked at Dwayne’s sports car when they heard that. 
The car was eye–catching, but it was nothing compared to the Maybach. 
Inside the Maybach, Bonnie thanked Ivor politely. 
“Don’t thank me. It was my grandpa’s idea to pick you up,” Ivor replied impassively. 
“But Sigmund didn’t ask you to get out of the car and hold an umbrella for me, didn’t he?” 
“He’d be upset if I hadn’t done that. We’ll be engaged soon, so you’ll be part of the Knight family. We can’t let anyone disrespect you. 
11 
“Well, I still need to thank you.” She didn’t like owing anyone any favors, so Bonnie decided to repay him for what he did one day. 
Ivor looked over his shoulder at her. “If you want to thank me, just promise me one thing.” 
“What?” 
“Don’t get any funny ideas after we get engaged.” 
Bonnie chuckled. “I told you, you’re not my type. I wouldn’t even look at you if you slept n*** on my bed.” 
Ivor suddenly felt 
upset. 
Why did he feel that way? 
A short while later, the car pulled up at the main entrance of the villa. 
Chapter 9 
2/3 
“Grandpa’s still asleep.” 
“I’ll wait for him in the living room.” 
Bonnie entered the living room and saw Ged lounging on the sofa, watching TV as if he lived there. 
“Hey,” Ged said, not looking away from his show. 
At that moment, an flew straight toward the back of Bonnie’s head. 
“Watch out!” Ivor shouted. He dashed over to her, trying to catch it. 
But it had taken him by surprise and he wasn’t close enough to Bonnie, so he couldn’t reach her in 
time. 
Bonnie shot out her hand behind her and caught the flying easily. 
She was fast! 
Ged shot to his feet in disbelief. 
Ivor was surprised as well because Bonnie hadn’t even blinked or seemed startled. 
“Cleano II!” A boy around the age of eight or nine hurried over to Bonnie anxiously. 
Bonnie looked at what she had caught–a vibrating disc–shaped robot. 
“Hey, be careful! That took me a month to assemble. I’ll make you pay if you break it!” The boy flushed. 
Ged chimed in, “You better do what he tells you, okay? No one messes with Ivor’s brother. He’s only interested in making robots. If you break his stuff, he’ll go nuts, and even Sigmund might not be able to save you.” 
Ivor came over and looked solemnly at Neville Knight. “That thing nearly hit her. You should apologize.” 
Neville shrank when he saw Ivor’s stern face. He turned to Bonnie and muttered, “Sorry.” 
Ged tsked. “That little devil is scared of no one but you.” 
“Why do you care?” Neville rolled his eyes at Ged, then snatched the robot from Bonnie’s hand. 
“What’s the problem? The interface and chip are fine. Why would it lose control?” 
Neville checked the robot, mumbled to himself, and scratched his head. 
Bonnie approached him. “Is that a cleaning robot?” 
“You can tell?” Neville looked up in surprise. 
“Yup,” said Bonnie. 
She could tell what robot it was by just looking at it? 
Chapter 9 
3/3 
Even Ged and Ivor were amazed. 
“But how?” Neville asked despite himself. 
“Well, it’s not that hard really. It’s not an ordinary cleaning robot, but one that’s designed specifically to clean ceilings and chandeliers, right?” Bonnie asked. 
Neville’s eyes went wide. How the hell did she figure that out? 
Bonnie held out her hand. “Give it to me. I’ll help you fix it.” 
“Huh? You will?” Neville held the robot behind his back, worried that she would break it. 
Ged had been impressed by Bonnie, but he thought she was just trying to show off again. 
“Don’t underestimate that little devil, Bonnie. He might only be eight, but he’s won the technology and science competition for children at the age of five, thanks to a robot he developed. His robots are all really advanced. They’re not just something you can fix, okay?” 
Bonnie looked from Ged to Neville. 
“Does the robot make loud noises when you turn it on?” 
“How did you know?” 
“And when it flies, does it always slightly deviate from its path?” 
“You know that too?” 
“When it runs for a long time, it heats up, and overheating leads to a loss of control, just like what happened here.” 
“How on earth did you…” 
Neville was so shocked that he couldn’t finish his sentence. 
Bonnie continued, “Your robot seems to have an issue with pulse output, as well as encoder cables and position feedback loops… The servo gain settings are also a bit off… I only took a quick look earlier, so that’s all I can say for now. There might be other issues, but I’ll need to do further testing.” 
Everyone stared at Bonnie, stupefied. 
Ivor looked at her thoughtfully. 
Neville’s eyes went wide in astonishment. She could tell all that after just one look? 
“Will you let me try to fix it?” Bonnie broke the silence. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 10
Chapter 10 
“Oh, okay. Here you go.” Neville stared at Bonnie, eager to know if she could do it. 
“I need tools.” 
“They’re in my rooms. I’ll get them for you.” 
“Okay.” 
Soon, Neville brought the tools back, and Bonnie started to fix the robot. 
She quickly took it apart, then deftly put it back together after making some adjustments. 
“She did it!” Ged exclaimed in awe. 
As he fixed his gaze on Bonnie, Ivor suddenly realized she was pretty impressive. 
After all, his brother was basically a professional, but Bonnie could tell what the problems were at a glance. 
“I’ve fixed it,” Bonnie said 
So soon? 
Neville gaped at the robot in her hand. She was incredibly fast! 
“Oh, the chip in the robot can be optimized too. Do you have a computer?” Bonnie asked. 
Neville’s eyes widened further. She could even optimize the chip? She must be an expert. 
“Be right back.” Neville hurried upstairs and returned quickly. He handed his laptop to Bonnie and stood beside her to watch. 
He wanted to know how good she was. 
Ged leaned over and saw Ivor had joined him too. 
Bonnie connected the robot to the laptop and started typing so fast that her fingers looked like a blur. 
‘I’ll be damned!‘ Ged thought. 
Ivor watched her fingers moving quickly and narrowed his eyes. 
A few minutes later, Bonnie turned off the laptop and handed the robot back to Neville. 
“Try it. There should be no problem now.” 
“Thanks!” 
Neville started the robot eagerly. It didn’t make any loud noises, and he could control its flight path 
precisely. 
It had also become much more efficient at cleaning. 
“This is so cool! You’re amazing.” 
Neville looked at Bonnie, wide–eyed in admiration 
“It’s nothing really. It’s just a simple robot, so it was easy to fix ” Hommie sat down on the sofa and poured herself a cup of tea. 
Simple? For the first time in his life, the child prodigy fell inferior. 
“You’re so skilled. Did you start tinkering when you were a lad ton?” 
Bonnie put down her cup. “I took apart the TV at home as soon as I could walk,” 
“And then?” 
“I put it back together,” 
“Woah, that’s insane!” Neville was awed. 
Ged burst out laughing. 
This was the second time he had laughed out loud at something she said. 
“Dude, your IQ is 200. How could you believe that horseshit? She’s just kidding!” 
Neville looked at Ged as if he was an idiot. “Do you think I can’t tell if she is?” 
Neville ignored him and held Bonnie’s arm earnestly, 
“Please be my mentor! I want to be an expert in robotics too.” 
“Dude, what the hell are you doing?” 
Ged was so astounded that he nearly choked. “I- Ivor, your brother isn’t acting like himself!” 
Ivor looked from Neville to Bonnie. 
He knew that Neville’s abilities far surpassed that of his peers and many intelligent adults. 
And the boy was particularly good at robotics. 
Ivor didn’t know much about robotics, but he could tell from his brother’s behavior that Bonnie was an expert in the field. 
Suddenly, Ivor remembered that Bonnie had once told him he wasn’t good enough for her. 
It seemed like she wasn’t just showing off after all. 
But Ivor still thought that she wasn’t his match, even though she knew how to fix robots. 
As she saw Neville asking her to mentor him, Bonnie thought about Kay Steele, who wanted her to teach her something as well. 
Why was everyone so eager to learn from her today? 
3/3 
“Please say yes. I promise you won’t regret it!” Neville tried to persuade her. 
Bonnie rubbed her temple. “I have no time to teach you anything, okay? I have all kinds of important things to do.” 
Ged shook his head. “You’re always skipping class.” 
“Well, she might not be doing great in school, but she’s good at robotics all right.” 
This was the first time Ivor had ever complimented Bonnie. 
Neville grew desperate as he saw that Bonnie was adamant. 
“If you agree to be my mentor, I’ll get Ivor to kiss 
Bonnie was exasperated. 
you now.” 
Ged burst out laughing and wrapped his arm around Ivor. “Your brother totally sold you out, bro!” 
“He’s not my type, okay?” Bonnie said. 
Neville threw Ivor a sympathetic look over his shoulder. 
He had already been upset by what Bonnie had said, so Ivor, who was usually calm, felt annoyed at his brother. 
“If he’s not your type, what about me? I might be young, but I promise I’ll take good care of you.” Neville said, patting his chest. 
Bonnie grew even more exasperated. 
“Oh my God! Now he’s trying to steal your future wife, Ivor!” Ged laughed. 
Ivor stiffened and walked up to Neville. 
“Have you done your homework?” 
“Not yet. I’ll do it later.” 
“Go back to your room, and don’t come out until you’re done.” 
“No! She hasn’t agreed to mentor me yet. I-” 
Before Neville could finish, Ivor carried him upstairs back to his room. 
Ged wanted to keep laughing, but thought the better of it when he saw Ivor’s cold face. 
Ged cleared his throat and said, “I heard about that new nanomaterial they’ve just developed, Ivor. They should be holding a press conference soon. Do you have an inside scoop on when it’s going to be? 
Ivor sat down. “They haven’t announced it yet.” 
Bonnie chimed in, “It’s set for the 28th of this month.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 11
Chapter 11 
When they heard what she said, Ivor and Ged looked at Bonnie. 
“You know that?” Ivor asked with a frown. 
“Uh–huh,” Bonnie replied. 
The old professor at the research institute had texted her the date this morning 
He had asked if she was okay with the 28th of this month and offered to change it if she wasn’t. 
“Oh? How did you find out?” Ivor narrowed his eyes. 
“Well…” 
Bonnie frowned. “I can’t tell you the specifics. All I can say is that It’s set for the 28th.” 
Ged pulled Ivor aside and whispered, “I really can’t stand her, you know! Yes, she’s pretty, I’ll give her that, but she’s so full of shit!‘ 
Ivor rubbed his chin and looked at Bonnie. 
He had always been good at reading people. 
But he couldn’t seem to detect any hint that she was lying, which puzzled him. 
“My dad says every major corporation in Pyralis–no, I mean in all of Arvandor–is eager to work with Ms. Bonita’s research team to secure exclusive rights to the new nanomaterial. Isn’t your company interested in it too? 
“It’s a brand new nanomaterial! You’ll make a killing once it starts being used in manufacturing and research. I’m sure it’ll help drive many advancements in technology too,” Ged spoke excitedly. 
“Of course we’re interested, but we might not be able to secure the rights to it, even if the Knight family is the richest in Pyralis. Many major powers in Arvandor will be after it.” 
Bonnie looked at him as he finished his sentence. 
“You’re interested in securing the rights to the new nanomaterial?” 
Ivor asked, “Why? Can you help?” 
Bonnie nodded. “Since Sigmund saved me once, I can help you if that’s what you want.” 
Ged couldn’t take it anymore. 
“Thanks, but no thanks! I’m sure Ivor doesn’t want to trouble anyone.” 
“It’s no trouble at all. I just need to let the team know,” Bonnie said, casually. 
Ged shot to his feet and raised his voice. 
214 
“Stop pushing it, okay? If you weren’t a girl, I would have” 
“Enough, Ged.” 
Ivor stood up as well. 
“But she’s so-” 
“We never have to see her again after the one month engagement. There’s no point getting angry 
with her.” 
But Ged was still upset. 
Bonnie could tell that they didn’t believe her. 
She didn’t mind, since her parents had never believed her either. 
There was no point wasting her breath. 
“I always keep my promises. The research institute will announce its collaboration with the Knight Group on the 28th.” 
Then, she got up and left. 
“I feel sorry for you, Ivor. You’re stuck with her. Having a wife who’s such a show off like her, even for 
a month, will embarrass you forever!” Ged stared after Bonnie and shook his head. 
Ivor looked away from her. “Have you talked to the Shepherd’s friend?” 
Ged took a sip of water to calm himself down. 
“Yeah, the Shepherd wants a showdown with you after the press conference about the nanomaterial.” 
“Why after?” Ivor was puzzled. 
Ged thought about it and said, “Do you think the Shepherd will be at that event? Could he be interested in securing the rights to the nanomaterial too?” 
Ivor thought it was possible. 
If that was the case, maybe they could meet him during the press conference. 
A few days later, Ged rushed into Ivor’s office. 
“Holy shit, Ivor! Something incredible has happened. 
Ivor stopped working and looked at Ged. 
“Are you talking about the press conference?” 
“You know?” Ged took a deep breath and said, “I can’t f*** believe it. It really is on the 28th!” 
Ged had heard his parents talking about the date of the press conference while he was having 
Chanter 11 
breakfast with them. 
And it was indeed on the 28th! 
“Bonnie was right!” 
Ivor steepled his fingers and thought about the moment when Bonnie told them about the press conference. 
She hadn’t seemed like she was lying. His hunch had been right. 
“How did she find that out even faster than we did?” Ged was bewildered. 
“Maybe my grandpa found out and told Bonnie,” Ivor ventured a guess. 
1/4 
“Oh, yeah!” Ged said angrily, “That must be it. How else could a high school student know something like that? Sigmund must have used his connections to get the information so he could tell Bonnie and help her impress you!” 
Ivor thought so too. 
“Has Sigmund asked you to take her to the press conference? If he does, I strongly suggest you say no. Every major power in the country will be there. If she starts talking nonsense again, it’ll be really embarrassing for you!” 
“My grandpa didn’t say anything about that.” 
“That’s good.” 
Ged was relieved. “If Sigmund insists that you bring her, you need to find a way to get rid of her.” 
** 
On her way home from school, Bonnie sneezed. 
She had a strange feeling that someone was talking about her. 
Suddenly, a luxury sports car approached with a load of red roses in the back seat. 
It pulled up right in front of her. The driver handed her a large bouquet of roses. 
“Care to join me for lunch, Bonnie?” 
As he spoke, Dwayne brushed his hair. 
Bonnie glanced at the roses and slowly said, “Are you trying to date me?” 
“Smart girl! What can I say? I really love smart women.” 
“You’re Sacha’s boyfriend. Are you sure about this?” 
“Well, I can break up with her if you want.” 
Dwayne looked very pleased with himself. He thought he was so charming and wealthy that Bonnie would throw herself at him. 
But Bonnie just frowned and said coldly, “What do I care if you guys break up? Do you think every girl will throw herself at you just because you’re rich? Just seeing your face makes me want to puke.” 
Dwayne’s sports car and wealth had failed to impress Bonnie. 
After all, she wasn’t hurting for money. 
Dwayne immediately thought of the man who had picked her up at the school entrance and the limited–edition Maybach. 
“Do you think I don’t know you hired that guy to pick you up the other day, Bonnie? 
And you must have borrowed the car. Wait, did you sleep with someone to get it- 
Before he could finish, Dwayne suddenly shrieked in pain! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 12
Chapter 12 
Bonnie had given Dwayne a hard slap across his face. She glared at him. 
Dwayne glared back. “What the f***?” 
He tried to grab her angrily. 
Bonnie swiftly slapped him again and again. 
She hit him so hard that Dwayne spun around like a top, and his cheeks started to swell. 
“Motherf-“Dwayne shouted. 
“Yes? Do you want more?” 
Bonnie raised her hand, and Dwayne cowered. 
Bonnie snorted, then turned and left. 
Dwayne grit his teeth and glared after her with bloodshot 
eyes. 
“Just you wait, b***! 
“You’re so going to regret this!” 
1/4 
It was the 20th, a few days before the press conference. 
Every major news outlet had been taken over by news about the new nanomaterial breakthrough. 
As they dined that evening, the Shepards were watching the news on TV. 
“Earlier this month, the research team headed by Ms. Bonita successfully developed a new nanomaterial after a year of relentless experiments. This has caused a sensation in Arvandor and sent shockwaves around the world!” 
Gresham admired the news and said, “That’s quite an achievement, isn‘ new nanomaterial within a year. 
“I hear Ms. Bonita is very young. She’s only around Trina’s age.” 
“Really?” 
Trina was astonished. 
it? To be able to develop a 
Vera passed a piece of roast beef to Trina. “You’re already an overachiever, honey. There’s no need to compare yourself to Ms. Bonita, who’s in a league of her OWN. 
“Your mom’s right. You need to study hard now, so you’ll be able to join Ms. Bonita’s research team during your junior year internship.” Gresham passed Trina the mashed potato. 
Chan 12 
216 
“Don’t worry. I’m president of the Scientific Research Club right now, and everyone knows I’m great at research. 
“Even my professor told me I was talented and offered to recommend me to Ms. Bonita’s research institute for my internship.” 
Trina turned to look at Bonnie with a scheming look on her face. “Bonnie’s doing pretty well too.” 
Gresham and Vera looked distressed as Trina mentioned Bonnie, 
Vera frowned and asked, “Why do you say that?” 
“Because she’s ambitious! Didn’t you say she was going to get Into Pyralls University?” 
“And she wants to be top scorer in the entrance test too. What a goal! 
“Me? I just barely made it into college.” 
Trine pinched her own thigh as she mocked Bonnie to stop herself from laughing. 
Vera turned grim, and Gresham fell silent. 
Trina continued, “Haven’t we been invited to the press conference? We should bring Bonnie along to broaden her horizons.” 
“Well…” 
Gresham and Vera hesitated. 
They knew what Bonnie was like. 
She often skipped classes, got into trouble for fighting, and loved to show off. 
She had once shown them a trophy from an international competition and claimed she had won it. 
She had done the same with a chess competition medal and many others. 
If they did bring Bonnie to the press conference, she might get into trouble there. 
Vera said sternly, “The college entrance test is just around the corner, Bonnie. Don’t even think about going to the press conference, okay? Just stay at home and study.” 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow and looked at Vera as if she was an idiot, but she didn’t say a word. 
The 25th was Sacha’s birthday. 
Dwayne had booked the most expensive VVIP room at Regal Karaoke. 
Eda Howard held Bonnie’s hand and said apologetically, “Sorry for making you come, Bonnie, but I’d be so bored without you.” 
“Come on, what are friends for?” 
Chapter 12 
W/A 
As soon as Bonnie said that, Tilda Garraway mocked, “Stop acting like you’re better than us, Bonnie. 
“So what if you’re pretty? If it weren’t for Sacha, we would never be able to hang out at such a fancy place.” Some other students chimed in, trying to butter up Dwyane 
“Give her some credit. The guy who picked Bonnie up the other day drove a Maybach, didn’t he?” 
“Oh, please! We would have known if he was really her boyfriend. Anyone with a brain can tell what that was all about. 
“Bonnie must have hired him to put on a show for all of us. Why hasn’t he shown up these past few days?” 
“Dwayne booked the fanciest VVIP room at the most luxurious karaoke joint in Pyralis. I bet Bonnie would have done anything to be here.” 
Bonnie glanced at the room at the end of the corridor. 
That VVIP room? She had been here plenty of times. 
Dwayne saw Bonnie looking at it and thought she was longing to go inside. 
He felt pleased as he was certain she was going to throw herself at 
him soon. 
At that moment, 
the manager arrived. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Dwayne, but someone else has booked the VVIP room. 
Π 
Sacha, who was nestled in Dwayne’s arms, said, “Oh, no. I promised my classmates we’d get that 
room.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll handle it.” Dwayne gave her waist a playful pinch, then glared at the manager. “I made a reservation in advance. That room is f*** mine!” 
“I’m sorry, but a VVIP is using it. How about you take another room?” 
“A VVIP? Aren’t I a VVIP too?” Dwayne retorted. 
The others backed him up.. 
“Yeah, Dwayne’s dad owns the Caesar Hotel, okay?” 
“Just get out of our way if you want to keep your job!” 
“Ignore him, Dwayne. Let’s just go in.” 
Dwayne looked at others, and his gaze lingered on Bonnie. 
He clenched his teeth, went around the manager, and threw the door open. 
“I’m taking this room. Get the hell out-” 
When he saw who was inside, Dwayne stopped short in alarm. 
Chapter 12 
The other students looked in, puzzled.. 
There were several men and women on the sofa. An arrogant–looking young woman stood up. 
“Dwayne Moss? What the f*** are you doing?” 
Dwayne paled. 
He approached her obsequiously. “I’m sorry, ma’am. I didn’t know you were here. 
“I deserve to be punished, don’t I?” 
Dwayne punched his own face. 
Sacha and the other students lowered their heads. 
Even Dwayne didn’t dare mess with that woman! 
As they wondered who she was, the young woman looked at them and was stunned. 
“Is that you?” 
She hurried over to the girl standing behind them and held out her hands earnestly. 
“Please be my mentor, ma’am!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 13
Chapter 13 
Mentor? 
They looked at the person Kay Steele was talking to and realized it was Bonnie! 
Everyone, including Dwayne, widened their eyes in astonishment. 
Bonnie recognized Kay. She was the girl who had wanted to learn kickboxing from her. 
“Just give up, okay? I’m not going to teach you anything.” 
Kay looked at Bonnie desperately. “Come on. I promise I’ll be a good student. Please? I’m begging you! 
H 
Everyone looked at Bonnie in disbelief. 
Was the VVIP who had terrified Dwayne really begging Bonnie for something? 
Your mentor?” 
“What’s this about, Ms. Kay? Why do you want her to be Dwayne asked tentatively. 
“It’s none of your goddamn business!” Kay rolled her eyes at Dwayne and continued to plead with 
Bonnie. 
“Please, Ms. Bonnie. If you agree to mentor me, I’ll do anything you say.” Her abrupt change of attitude showed how little regard she had for Dwayne. 
“I told you 
you, I’m not taking students,” Bonnie said with a frown. 
Kay dropped the subject when she saw that Bonnie was getting impatient with her. “Are you here for karaoke? Why don’t you join us?” 
“She’s the birthday girl. You should ask her.” 
Bonnie looked at Sacha. 
Kay shot Sacha a meaningful glare. 
Sacha shuddered. “Since Ms. Kay has invited us to join her, why not?“. 
Kay chuckled. “She said yes, Ms. Bonnie.” 
“Alright then.” 
Kay sat beside Bonnie and started talking nonstop. 
Sacha felt a little neglected. It was her birthday, after all. 
“Are you okay, Sacha?” Tilda asked, concerned. 
Sacha played the victim and shook her head with tears in her eyes. “I’m fine.” 
But anyone could tell she was not fine at all. 
Chapter 13 
2/3 
Sacha’s friends whispered among themselves. 
“Bonnie is so inconsiderate! She knows it’s Sacha’s birthday, but she’s trying to steal the limelight.” 
“But why would Bonnie know a VVIP like Ms. Kay?” 
“She must have done something sneaky to meet her, of course. What a conniving, shameless b***!” 
Kay heard them. 
“Hey, assholes! If it weren’t for Ms. Bonnie, you wouldn’t be able to have your party here. 
Since Kay had said it herself, the others could only lower their heads. 
“You’re the ones who were being inconsiderate, you idiots!” 
Kay looked at Bonnie. 
“Do you mind if I kick them out?” 
Bonnie raised her brow and said, “Go ahead.” 
“How could you, 
you, Bonnie? They were just talking. Don’t be so petty.” Sacha spoke up. 
Bonnie smiled at her. “You’re done? Good. You can leave now. You too, Dwayne.” 
Dwayne, Sacha, and others were exasperated. 
“Hey, what are you waiting for? Get lost!” 
Kay waved, and several bodyguards marched toward them. 
Dwayne and others quickly hurried out of the room. 
‘Do you like the way I handled that?” Kay asked Bonnie. 
“Thanks for getting rid of them. I don’t like to owe anyone favors.” 
“So will you mentor me?” Kay asked excitedly. 
“I need to check with the guy who taught me kickboxing first. 
“Who is he? I bet he’s a master!” 
“His last name is Burns. He lives in the mountains.” 
Kay’s eyes went wide. 
“Are you talking about Cary Burns, the guy who’s over a hundred years old?” 
“Uh–huh. 
“Oh my God! He’s the greatest kickboxer in the country. So that’s why you’re so good! I heard that all his students are kickboxing experts.” 
At that moment, Bonnie received a text from Cary that read, “I don’t mind if you start teaching.” 
Chapter 13 
33 
Kay heard the message notification, craned her neck to look, and leapt to her feet in excitement when she saw what it said. 
The phone dinged again as another message from Cary popped up. 
“My second student has just returned to Arvandor. You should meet up with her.” 
His second student? Bonnie had never met her before. 
She had only heard Cary say that her senior was an amazing kickboxer. 
“Okay, I’ll go see her when I’m free.‘ 
And so she agreed to teach Kay kickboxing. 
On the 28th, the press conference for the new nanomaterial was about to begin. 
Bonnie arrived at the venue early in the morning. Just as she was thinking about going backstage, Vera stopped her. 
“Bonnie? How on earth did you get in here? You didn’t sneak in, did you?” 
Vera grew worried. “You should leave right now. Ms. Bonita and her team will be holding the press conference here later. This is no place for you to fool around.” 
“I didn’t sneak in, okay?” 
Bonnie needed to rush backstage. Many industry leaders had arrived, and reporters were armed with their cameras and microphones, ready for the press conference to begin. As the leader of the research team, she had to give a speech. 
“Why do you lie so much? You-” 
The voice of the host on stage interrupted Vera. 
“The press conference is about to begin. Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen.” 
As she saw the VIPS taking their seats, Vera glared at Bonnie. 
“What are you standing there for? Go find a seat!” 
Bonnie frowned. “I have things to do.” 
“Just come with me!” 
Vera grabbed Bonnie’s wrist and pulled her toward the seats. 
The host continued, “It’s time to begin the press conference, ladies and gentlemen. Ms. Bonita will start us off with some opening thoughts.” 
Chapter 14 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 14
Chapter 14 
As he said that, everyone looked expectantly at the stage. 
“Ms. Bonita’s going to show up any time now, Ivor!” Ged could hardly contain the excitement in his 
voice. 
Ivor looked calm, but his gaze betrayed his true feelings. 
Trina palmed her chest. “I’m so nervous, mom! My greatest idol is about to appear.” 
Vera’s hand started to sweat as she anxiously tightened her grip on Bonnie’s wrist. 
“Stay calm. We’ll go talk to her after she’s done.” 
Bonnie tried to pull her wrist from her mother’s hand. “I need to go to the restroom.” 
“What? Ms. Bonita is about to go on stage, and you want to go to the restroom now?” 
“I really need to go. 
“You’re going nowhere, young lady.” 
A minute passed, but Ms. Bonita still didn’t show up. 
“What’s going on? Where’s Ms. Bonita?” 
The crowd whispered among themselves. 
The host sweated profusely. Just as he was about to go backstage to ask about Bonnie, he spotted her sitting among the attendees. 
What on earth? 
What was she sitting there for? 
Bonnie frowned and glanced at Vera, who was holding onto her tightly. 
The host caught on and quickly arranged for someone to help her. 
Very soon, an elderly professor walked toward the family. 
“Hello, I’m Professor Terry. I’m a researcher working for Ms. Bonita.” 
Gresham and Vera were surprised that he would come over to talk to them. 
“It’s an honor to meet you, Professor Terry. What can we do for you?” 
The couple were excited, but they kept their cool. 
Professor Terry wasn’t as esteemed as Ms. Bonita in Arvandor, but he was a heavyweight in the academic world. 
Someone like him wouldn’t just come over to talk to them for nothing. 
Chapter 14 
“I’m here for…” Professor Terry looked at Bonnie. 
Trina was standing next to Bonnie, so the couple thought he was referring to their adopted daughter and felt proud. 
“You’re here because of Trina, aren’t you? She’s famous at her college, but we didn’t expect you to have heard about her as well.” 
“It’s Trina’s dream to work for you. She’s planning to apply for an internship at the research institute during her junior year. We hope you’ll look out for her when the time comes.” 
“Uh, is she? She needs to work hard then…” 
Professor Terry cleared his throat and tried to play along. 
In her eagerness to talk about Trina, Vera had forgotten all about Bonnie. 
Bonnie seized the opportunity to head backstage. 
The host sighed in relief. “Sorry about that. Without further ado, let’s give a warm welcome to Ms. Bonital” 
Bonnie took the stage in a surgical mask and hat. 
She took the microphone and deepened her voice as she said, “This breakthrough in the new nanomaterial was the result of the collective effort of the whole team. So please, give each and every 
one of them your warmest applause. 
Bonnie looked at a group of professors sitting in the front row and started introducing them one by 
one. 
“Professor Jamie Harper. 
“Professor Riley Chambers. 
“Professor Charlie Knowles…” 
The crowd applauded as they were introduced. 
The old professors were moved to tears as they received Ms. Bonita’s gratitude. 
“Don’t you think Ms. Bonita looks like Bonnie, Ivor?” Ged asked, puzzled. 
Ivor shook his head and said, “You’re imaginative, I’ll give you that.” 
Ged chuckled. “Anyway, Bonnie said they would announce their collaboration with The Knight Group. She’s so full of shit.” 
Just as he finished saying that, Bonnie continued. “Next, I’m going to announce something important. 
Curious, everyone listened attentively. 
Bonnie looked at Ivor. 
“Hmm?” Ivor noticed her gaze and was puzzled. 
“What’s the matter, Ivor?” Ged looked over his shoulder and asked. 
‘Ms. Bonita seems to be looking at me…! 
“I’m glad you haven’t lost your sense of humor.” Ged chuckled. 
Ivor frowned. Could he have been mistaken? 
Bonnie continued, “I know many of you have come here to secure the rights to the new nanomaterial, but I’ve already decided which company we’re going to work with 
A commotion broke out. 
“What? She’s already decided? I wonder who that lucky son–of–a–b*** is!” 
“I tried to get as much funding as I could just so the research institute would choose my company. I guess all my efforts were useless!” 
“Don’t keep us in suspense, Ms. Bonita. Tell us which company you’re going with 
Bonnie announced, “I’ll be working with the Knight Group.” 
Ivor was stunned. 
Scenes of Bonnie showing off flashed across his mind. 
“Holy shit! Did I just hear that? That’s… that’s…” Ged was stupefied. 
“It looks like there’s more to Bonnie than meets the eye, Ivor!” Ged did not think that this was a coincidence. 
Bonnie had been right about the date of the press conference. 
And now the research institute had announced their collaboration with the Knight Group just as she said they would! 
Ivor was a smart man, and he shared Ged’s opinion. 
When the press conference ended, Ivor noticed the Shepards were all present except for Bonnie. 
He grew thoughtful. 
Suddenly, he got up and walked toward the stage. 
Bonnie was mobbed by the crowd as soon as she left the stage. 
The security guards tried to hold them back in vain. 
“Stop pushing! Get more guards over here to protect Ms. Bonita!” 
“Ms. Bonita, what do you plan to research next?” 
Chapter 14 
“Ms. Bonita, our TV network would like to invite you for an exclusive interview. Could you spare us some time? It won’t take long.” 
“Care for dinner with me, Ms. Bonita?” 
The situation started growing out of control as everyone tried to get to her. 
“Get out of the way! I want an autograph.” 
Bonnie was a good fighter, but there was nothing she could do in a situation like this. 
Suddenly, something unexpected happened! 
A camera that was thrust upward tipped her hat, and her long hair fell out. 
Bonnie’s mask was nudged off her face too. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 15
Chapter 15 
Oh, no! 
Bonnie was alarmed. 
It was a huge crowd, and many reporters were broadcasting live. 
If anyone found out her true identity, she would be embroiled In International disputes and targeted by assassins. 
Just as she was panicking, someone covered her head with a jacket. 
She heard a steady and familiar voice. 
“Please make way,” said the voice calmly and authoritatively. 
The man who was protecting her was the King of Combat, Jim Ray, who served as Ms. Bonita’s. bodyguard. 
Bonnie smiled. 
“When did you get back?” 
“I just did.” Jim frowned. “Sorry, I should have been here earlier.” 
“It’s not your fault. So, how was the International Fighting Championship? Did you win?” 
Jim took out the champion’s medal from his pocket and placed it in Bonnie’s hand. 
“This is for you. 
Bonnie wasn’t surprised that he had won. 
“Are you sure? It’s the champion’s medal.” 
“Well, consider it a congratulatory gift for the nanomaterial breakthrough.” 
Bonnie pocketed the medal. 
“What do you want in return? You know, for winning the championship.” 
“A treat will be fine,” Jim answered readily. 
“Deal.” 
The crowd watched them leave. 
Ivor frowned as he watched Bonnie go. 
“What are you standing there for, Ivor? Ms. Bonita is leaving. Didn’t you have something to ask her?” Ged nudged Ivor, puzzled. 
Ivor thought for a moment and said, “We caught a glimpse of her face. Don’t you think she looks a lot. 
Chapter 15 
like someone?” 
“Who?” 
“You know.” 
“Huh? Who are you talking about?” 
As he saw Ged’s bewildered look, Ivor wondered if he might have made a mistake. 
2/2 
After all, based on his investigations, Bonnie used to live in the countryside, where she often skipped school and scored zero on her exams. And she hadn’t graduated from high school even though she 
was 20 years old. 
There was no way she could be Ms. Bonita. 
They might look alike, but that didn’t mean anything. 
“Come on.” Ivor dismissed the possibility and hurried after Bonnie. 
“Please wait, Ms. Bonita.” 
Bonnie looked over her shoulder at Ivor with a frown. 
Why was he here? Had he seen her face? Was he beginning to suspect who she was? 
Bonnie remained calm. 
“Yes, Mr. Ivor, what can I do for you?” 
“I don’t believe we’ve ever met. Could you tell me why you’ve chosen to collaborate with my company? 
Ivor narrowed his eyes and studied her discreetly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 16
Chapter 16 
“Well, I’m from Pyralis like you. And on top of that, you’re the richest guy in the city. Why wouldn’t I work with you?” 
Ivor was stumped. 
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll get going,” Bonnie said dryly. 
Before Ivor could ask any more questions, Jim put himself between him and Bonnie. 
“You heard her, Mr. Ivor.” 
Ivor could tell Jim was trying to get rid of him. 
Worried that Ivor might upset Bonnie, Ged quickly whispered, “Ms. Bonita isn’t a very social person. You should be glad she even talked to you, okay? We should leave now.” 
But Ivor had a strange feeling that he would be able to solve this puzzle if he continued to pursue the 
matter. 
“Anything else we can do for you?” Jim said, icily. 
“No, no, we’re leaving.” Ged pulled Ivor away. 
“What’s gotten into you, Ivor? Everyone knows that Ms. Bonita doesn’t like talking to anyone. 
Besides, her bodyguard is Jim Ray, the King of Combat. I heard he just won the International Fighting Championship. We don’t have our bodyguards with us right now. He’ll kick our a*** if things turn ugly!” 
Ivor looked away from her. “Do you see Bonnie anywhere?” 
“Bonnie? Why?” Ged looked around. “Come to think of it, it looks like she left a while ago. 
Ivor grew pensive again when he heard that. 
Meanwhile, Vera and Gresham were looking for Bonnie. 
“How strange. Did she get lost on her way to the restroom?” 
“I’d rather she go missing than embarrass us in front of everyone.” 
They looked at Trina. “Trina, you need to make every effort to meet Professor Terry’s expectations. and secure a place at the research institute during the internship recruitment next month, okay?” 
“I’ll do my best and make you and mom proud!” Trina was both pleased and excited as she thought she had caught Professor Terry’s attention. 
“If you can get into Ms. Bonita’s team, we’ll throw you a fancy party and invite everyone to attend.” 
“Thanks, mom!” 
Chapter 16 
22 
At the hotel, Jim frowned, upset. 
“Are you really going to get engaged to Ivor? He doesn’t deserve you!” 
He thought no one was good enough for Bonnie. 
Bonnie took a sip of juice and shrugged. “You know I don’t like owing anyone any favors. And anyway, Sigmund did once save me and my foster parents.” 
“Even so, you’d be making a huge sacrifice!” 
“Sigmund is adamant that I repay him this way. Besides, it’s only for one month. After that, I don’t have to see Ivor ever again.” 
“Even if it is for one month, I would- 
“Hey, don’t dwell on him. Let’s talk about you instead. Did anything interesting happen during the championship?” 
Jim felt a little better as he saw that Bonnie wasn’t taking Ivor seriously. 
‘Bonnie’s right. We don’t need to keep talking about an outsider.‘ 
The next day, Ivor came to pick Bonnie up after school. 
“We’re getting engaged tomorrow. Grandpa wants you home to get ready for that,” Ivor said impassively. 
“Sure.” Bonnie’s tone was equally dry. 
Ivor studied her face in the rearview mirror. After a moment of silence, he asked, “How did you know Ms. Bonita would choose to work with my company?” 
Chapter 12 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 17
Chapter 17 
Bonnie looked up when she heard his question. 
She knew Ivor would ask her that, so she had prepared an answer. 
“I know someone who works at the research institute. 
“Who? He must be someone important if he found out the news so early,” Ivor said. 
“You could say that. But I can’t tell you who he is right now.” 
Ivor narrowed his eyes. “That day, you told me you could help me secure the rights to the nanomaterial. It sounded like you were the person in charge. 
Bonnie didn’t respond. 
Ivor chuckled. “Ged says you’re full of shit. I heard that’s why your parents don’t like you. 
“The collaboration didn’t happen just because you said it would. You knew Ms. Bonita would work with my company, which was why you told me that the other day. 
“Well, you can think whatever you want,” Bonnie said nonchalantly. 
Ivor was a little upset that she was dismissing him. 
“Was that really what happened?” 
Bonnie was getting impatient. She frowned. “What does it matter? You said you didn’t want to have anything to do with me when we first met. Why are you so interested in me now?” 
“I’m not.” 
“Good. Like I said, you’re not my type. You’d better not fall for me.” 
The car grew quiet again as they ignored each other. 
Bonnie’s phone dinged. It was a text from Heath that read, “Are you done with work? The Knight wants to have a game with you.” 
Bonnie replied, “I’ll do it the day after tomorrow.” She would be tied up with her engagement. 
tomorrow. 
“Okay, I’ll tell him that.” 
Ivor’s phone dinged as he received a text message. 
It read, “The Shepherd says the day after tomorrow.” 
Ivor was elated. 
Bonnie looked up and saw him smiling in the rearview mirror. 
Chapter 17 
She was surprised that a man like him could smile like that. 
It did make him seem pretty charming. 
2/2 
When Bonnie arrived, she saw Neville waiting anxiously in the doorway. He dashed over when he saw 
her. 
“You need to leave now! My mom’s back. She’s going to give you a hard time!” 
Neville tried to push Bonnie away. 
“Huh? I don’t even know her! Why would she do that?” Bonnie was puzzled. 
“Because she doesn’t approve of your marriage with my brother! My mom’s a fierce woman, and she doesn’t listen to anything my grandpa says. She came back from overseas just to get rid of you!” 
Bonnie was suddenly reminded of what Heath had told her about the Knights. 
As the wife of Sigmund’s second eldest son, Ivor’s mother was a tough cookie. 
She had never been afraid of the wealthy Knight family. Five years ago, she had given Ivor’s father Willard Knight, a good beating before she left the family and went abroad. 
Just as Bonnie remembered that, a woman dressed in a nun’s habit emerged from the house. 
“Are you Bonnie Shepard? You’re quite pretty, I’ll give you that. But you and Ivor hardly know each. other. I’ll never approve of your marriage.
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 18
Chapter 18 
Bonnie looked at the woman who was dressed in a non’s habit. 
Was this Ivor’s mother? Had she become a nun? 
“I don’t care who you are, Bonnie, but you need to leave Tvor alone. You’d better leave town while you can and never set foot in Pyralis ever again!” said Maisie coldly 
Undaunted, Bonnie said, “I agree with you. This is absurd, boot and I don’t have feelings for each other, and I don’t want to marry him. But I owe Sigmund, since he saved me and my foster parents. If you want to stop the engagement, you’ll have to talk to him. And if you want me to leave Pyralis, you’ll have to make me.” 
“Hah! You say you don’t want to marry my son? Swear on your mother’s life then!” Maise glared at Bonnie. 
“Not everyone wants to marry your son, okay?” Bonnie was upset. “And why should i swear on my mom’s life?” 
She glanced at Ivor. 
“If you need proof, I don’t mind kicking your son’s a*** in front of you.” 
Ivor narrowed his eyes. 
“Looks like you’re just as difficult as my investigations said you were. I’m definitely putting a stop to this marriage!” 
“You can’t! They’re getting engaged tomorrow.” Sigmund emerged from the house, leaning on his 
сапе. 
“Have you lost your mind, Sigmund? How could you ask my son to marry a woman like her?” 
Maise looked at Bonnie disdainfully. 
Sigmund furiously rounded on his second son, Willard. “Aren’t you going to tell your wife to behave?” Willard looked scared. “You know she doesn’t listen to a word I say, dad. She wouldn’t have been gone for five years otherwise!” 
“And you call yourself a man? Don’t be such a p***!” 
“You can’t blame me for this, dad! It runs in the family, doesn’t it? When mom was still around, you used to grovel at her feet all the time!” 
“I” Sigmund flushed. He was stumped, but collected himself and tapped Willard with his cane. 
“Your elder brother has more guts than you!” 
“Come on. He got kicked out of the house by his wife and had to sleep in the office just two days ago. How is he better than me?” 
Chapter 18 
2/2 
Sigmund was exasperated. 
He regained his composure after a while and looked at Maise. 
“I’ve made up my mind about the engagement, and there’s nothing you can do about it. Anyway, I haven’t been feeling well lately. I’d better go back to bed.” 
He quickly fled upstairs. 
“Coward!” Maisie was used to Sigmund pretending to be sick. She turned and glared at Bonnie. 
“I’m warning you. You’ll be sorry if you show up tomorrow!” 
Bonnie wasn’t afraid. 
“It’s up to me whether I show up or not. I’m not afraid of you.” 
Maise narrowed her eyes. “Oh, yeah?” 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow and sneered. 
Maisie snorted. “Just you wait!” 
“Whatever.” 
As he saw his mother and Bonnie arguing, Ivor started to feel worried. 
The next day, Bonnie was stopped by Maisie and her bodyguards when she tried to leave home. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 19
Chapter 19 
“I told you you’d be sorry if you showed up.” 
Bonnie looked calmly at the two burly bodyguards. 
“Do you think they can stop me?” 
“Why not? They’re the best of the best. You’d better come with me now, and I’ll let you go after the engagement party. If you don’t cooperate, we’ll show you no mercy.” 
Bonnie checked the time. “The party’s starting soon, and I’m never late to anything. You’d better leave with your men now, or I’ll show you no mercy.” 
“Fine. You asked for this!” 
Maise took two steps back and looked at the bodyguards. “Seize her, but try not to hurt her.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” The bodyguards reached out with their thick arms and tried to grab Bonnie. 
Bonnie threw a roundhouse kick and sent one of them tumbling over the other. The bodyguards fell on the ground, g***. 
Maise’s eyes went wide in surprise. “You know kickboxing?” 
Bonnie raised her brow. “Are you sure your bodyguards are the best of the best?” she taunted. 
“They let their guard down, that’s all. It doesn’t mean you’re any good!” 
“Get up!” Maisie shouted at the bodyguards who were still lying on the ground. 
The men scrambled to get up. They had underestimated Bonnie and let their guard down. They knew they had to redeem themselves now, or their reputation would be at stake. 
The bodyguards stopped holding back and attacked Bonnie from both sides. 
Bonnie darted behind one of them with lightning speed. 
“What the f***?” 
Before the man could respond, Bonnie knocked him out cold. 
Astonished, the other bodyguard stood frozen. 
“What are you standing there for? Attack!” Maise shouted. 
The man pulled himself together, growled, and threw a punch at Bonnie with all his might. 
She dodged easily and kicked him in the stomach. 
The bodyguard flew backward and crashed onto a wall as if he had been hit by a train and passed out. 
Maise widened her eyes in disbelief. 
Chuutor ve 
Boune marched over to her. “Will you get out of my way now?” 
“I most admit I underestimated you, but I can’t let you go no matter what.” 
“Do you think you can stop me?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 20
Chapter 20 
“Lean try.” 
Bonnie narrowed her eyes and stepped forward. 
Maisie held out a hand against Bonnie’s shoulder. “Don’t make me do this. You might have been able to defeat those clowns, but you’re no match for me.” 
Bonnie was taken aback. She hadn’t expected Ivor’s mother to be a fighter. 
“We’ll see about that.” 
Bonnie grabbed Maisie’s arm, stepped across her, and yanked her out of the way in a diagonal motion. 
‘She was holding back while fighting the bodyguards! She’s more powerful than she wanted me to believe,‘ thought Maisie in alarm. 
“You leave me no choice, young lady!” 
Maisie held up her fists in a steady fighting stance. 
Bonnie was surprised when she realized that Maisie was a skilled kickboxer. 
They charged and fought fiercely in a flurry of blows. 
At the Knight Residence, the engagement party was 
full swing. 
Sigmund looked at the gate with a frown. 
“Why isn’t Bonnie here yet? Why hasn’t she answered my calls?” 
Ged said, “Maybe she realized she wasn’t good enough for Ivor.” 
Sigmund smacked the back of Ged’s head. “One more word from you, and I’ll throw you out!” 
“Hey, that hurt!” 
Sigmund snorted and asked the butler. “I told you to send someone to look for Bonnie. Is he back yet?” 
At that moment, the servant hurried over. 
“Bad news, sir! Mrs. Maisie and Ms. Bonnie are fighting.” 
“What?!” Sigmund, Ivor, and Willard shouted at the same time. Ivor and Willard exchanged a glance. 
“Where are they?” Sigmund quickly got to his feet. 
“I’ll take you there.” 
Ged whispered to Ivor, “Your future wife is something else. Is she really fighting with your mom? She’s a goddamn kickboxing expert!” 
Chapter 20 
3/2 
Ivor frowned and got into the car. He was also surprised that Bonnie could fight. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie and Maisie had exchanged several strikes, but no one could gain the upper hand. In the end, they pushed each other away and stumbled back, astonished. 
“Do you know Cary Burns?” Bonnie and Maisie asked at the same time. Stunned, they stepped closer to each other in excitement. 
“Are you Cary’s second student?” 
“You must be Cary’s last student!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 21
Chapter 21 
They quickly figured out that they were both students of Cary Burns. 
“Cary told me you just got back to Pyralis,” Bonnie said. 
“He told me he’d taken in one last student, but because I lived abroad all these years, I never had the chance to visit. I didn’t think it was you! He always speaks highly of you, you know.” 
“I didn’t think you’d turn out to be my senior either. No wonder you’re so good.” 
“Come on, you’re the real genius. Cary is right. You’re a natural. 
“You mastered kickboxing even though you’re only 20. You’ve only been training with him for a short time, too. 
“All your seniors, including me, had to work hard for a long time, you know? 
“To be honest, you’d beat all of us if we were your age.” 
As Masie spoke, she smoothed down Bonnie’s hair and dress. 
Ivor and others arrived just in time to see it happen. 
They gaped, and their eyes widened in disbelief. 
“What the hell is going on, mom?” Ivor asked. 
Masie held Bonnie’s hand and laughed. “I just sparred with her and discovered that we both learned kickboxing from the same person.” 
Ivor was stunned. 
“For real?” Ged’s jaw dropped. 
The others who had arrived thought they had misheard. 
After all, Maisie had learned kickboxing from Cary, the greatest kickboxer in Arvandor. It was a shock 
to find that Bonnie was his student too. 
“Are you sure, 
mom?” Ivor glanced at Bonnie discreetly. 
“Of course, I am! She’s Cary’s last student,” said Maisie with certainty. 
Ged felt he had been so wrong about Bonnie. He had always thought that she was a complete loser, but now it seemed that he had seriously underestimated her. 
Maisie nudged Bonnie toward Ivor. “Come say hello to my teammate.” 
Ivor was exasperated. 
Bonnie patted his shoulder. 
Chapter 21 
27 
“I didn’t know you were my senior’s son. Now that I do, I’m going to look out for you.” 
Ivor couldn’t take it anymore. 
He pushed her hand off his shoulder. 
Sigmund hurried over. “Why are you all talking about kickboxing? You’re getting engaged today!” 
He took a deep breath and looked at Maisie. “Will you still to their marriage?” 
Masie turned to hold Bonnie’s hand again. “To be honest, my son isn’t good enough for you. As your senior, I think you should say no to the engagement.“” 
Ivor was speechless. Ged tried hard not to laugh. 
“However,” Maisie continued, “as Ivor’s mom, I wish you would say yes.” 
Bonnie smiled. “I’ve made a deal with Sigmund. If Ivor and I still don’t like each other in one month, we’ll go our separate ways. 
“I see.” 
Maisie didn’t know about that. 
“Oh, Ivor’s grandma gave this to me. I want you to have it.” 
Masie removed her bracelet and tried to put it on Bonnie’s wrist. 
“Woah, this is too much!” 
“Come on. It’s a gift.” 
“But- 
“What? Don’t you like it?” 
“I do!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 22
Chapter 22 
“Then it’s yours, okay?” 
Maisie managed to put the bracelet on her wrist. 
“It looks good on you, doesn’t it?” 
Bonnie smiled. 
Ivor felt a mix of emotions as he saw his mother and Bonnie being so friendly. 
“It’s getting late. Let’s get the party started.” Maisie took Bonnie’s hand and led her to the car while continuing their conversation affectionately. 
Ged walked behind Ivor and patted his shoulder silently. 
Ivor shot him a glance and slapped his hand away before going after them. 
After the engagement party ended, Bonnie stayed at the Knight Residence. 
She had promised Sigmund she would live with them for a month. 
After dinner, Ivor brought Bonnie to the second floor. 
“This is your room.” 
“Okay, thanks,” said Bonnie politely. 
Ivor said dryly, “I’m just doing what my grandpa told me to. Besides, you’re a guest.” 
Bonnie knew Ivor was trying to tell her to mind her boundaries. 
“I’ll be staying in the room next to yours as he wanted. You shouldn’t enter it without my permission, and I won’t go in your room either,” Ivor continued. 
Bonnie said, “Don’t worry, I won’t go to your room. I’ll never fall for you either.” 
“Good.” 
They went to their rooms. 
The next morning, Bonnie received a text message from Heath. 
“The Knight is waiting for you at the private club. What’s your ETA?” 
Bonnie yawned. “I’ll be right there.” 
“You were sleeping, weren’t you?” 
“I was exhausted, so I overslept. I’ll go as soon as I wash up, okay?” 
“I’ll drive you.” 
Chapter 22 
“You’re going too?” Bonnie asked. 
“You bet your a*** 1 am!” Heath sounded excited. “This is the ultimate game between two of the greatest chess players of all time. I wouldn’t miss it for the world!” 
2/2 
In a private room of the club, Ivor could hardly contain his excitement. 
Ged walked in and saw Ivor looking at the door, but he looked disappointed when he saw that it was just Ged 
“You thought I was the Shepherd, huh?” 
“Why isn’t he here yet?” Ivor looked anxious despite himself. 
He had always been poker–faced, but he loved chess too much. 
“She’s on the way.” Ged sat down. 
“Who do you think is more likely to win, Ivor? You or the Shepherd?” 
“It’s hard to say.” 
Suddenly, they heard footsteps, and the sound of the door being pushed open. 
Ivor and Ged looked at the door. 
The door to the private room opened, and Bonnie walked in! 
Chapter 23 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 23
Chapter 23 
“Why are you here?” Ivor frowned. 
Ged added, “You have the wrong room. 
“Oh, sorry.” Bonnie stepped outside and checked the room number. 
“Heath, you said the room number was 007, right?” 
Heath was puzzled. “Yeah, this should be it.” 
Bonnie opened the door again and walked in. 
“Why are you back?” Ged asked, baffled. 
She looked at them and said, “You guys have the wrong room. We’re supposed to meet someone in 
Room 007. 
“Hey, I booked the room, okay? You’re the ones who must have made a mistake,” Ged said confidently. 
Bonnie frowned and asked, “Are you sure?” 
Ged showed them the booking information on his phone. 
“See for yourself!” 
Astonished, Bonnie looked at Ivor, then at Ged. “Which one of you is the Knight?” 
Ivor and Ged stared at Bonnie and the good–looking man beside her in astonishment. 
“You’re here for the game?” 
Ivor stood up. His gaze wavered between Bonnie and Heath and eventually settled on the latter. 
The Shepherd was young indeed. 
“Yup,” Bonnie answered and asked again, “So which of you is the Knight?” 
Ivor sat down beside the chessboard. 
It was clear that it was him. 
Raising her brow, Bonnie tried not to look surprised and sat down across from Ivor. 
Ivor’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
“You’re the Shepherd?” 
“My family name is Shepard. Isn’t it obvious?” Bonnie said blandly. 
Ivor bolted to his feet and frowned. 
Chapter 23 
2/2 
“What the f***?” Ged gaped at Bonnie. He was even more shocked than when he found out she was the last student of Cary Burns. 
“You’re the Shepherd? Oh my God! This can’t be happening!” Ged thought he had lost it. He scratched his head a few times, but could not seem to recover from the shock. 
Ivor was equally astounded, although he did not show it. He narrowed his eyes and looked at Bonnie. 
“Don’t you want to play chess with me? I’ve been waiting for this day too. Sit down so we can begin.” 
Bonnie flipped a coin and covered it as it fell on the back of her hand. 
“Heads or tails?” 
Ivor tried to remain calm and sat back down. 
“Heads.” 
Bonnie revealed the coin. “You make the first move. 
In a chess game between experienced players, one wrong move could lead to defeat. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 24
Chapter 24 
Ivor played fast and hardly needed to think. 
It was the same with Bonnie. The minute Ivor made his move, she made hers. All anyone could hear was a series of thuds as they moved the chess pieces. 
Heath and Ged watched the game closely and almost cheered out loud several times. They were amazing! This was the ultimate showdown, all right. There was no telling who would win. 
Half an hour later, Bonnie picked up a glass of water and took a sip. Ivor made his move and looked up at Bonnie. His gaze lingered as he was enchanted by her poise and grace. 
Bonnie put down her glass and saw Ivor looking at her. 
“Is there something on my face?” 
Ivor caught himself and frowned. 
“It’s your turn.” 
“Oh.” 
Bonnie made her move. 
After some time, Ivor suddenly slowed down and studied the chessboard with a frown. 
Ged started feeling anxious. Was Ivor going to lose? 
Bonnie waited quietly. 
After a minute, Ivor made his move. 
Ged was relieved. 
It was Bonnie’s turn to ponder her next move. Heath anxiously picked up a fan and started to waft it 
at her. 
Bonnie threw Heath a glance, silently telling him to relax. Embarrassed, he pumped his fist at her. 
Ivor narrowed his eyes when he saw their interaction. 
A thud sounded as Bonnie made her move and met Ivor’s gaze. “Your turn.” 
The intense game continued, but neither Ivor nor Bonnie could gain the upper hand. 
After a moment, Bonnie and Ivor stopped playing. 
“I think we should call it a draw.” 
“I agree.” 
“We’ll play again next time.” 
“Hav,” 
Bonnie got up and stretched her limbs, 
“It’s noon. Are you hungry? Let’s grab some lunch,” Heath sald. 
Bonnie patted her stomach. “I’m starving. Come on.” 
“Where should we go?” 
“Let me think.” 
They talked as they headed out. 
Ivor started feeling Jealous as he saw how close they were. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 25
Chapter 25 
“The engagement might not have been our idea, but don’t forget that you’re still my fiancée for a month, Bonnie. You shouldn’t date any other guys, okay?” 
Bonnie looked over her shoulder and said drily, “Just date some other girls, and we’ll call it even.” 
Ivor was at a loss for words. 
“Let’s go,” said Bonnie to Heath. They left together. 
Ivor stated after her and pursed his lips. 
Ged couldn’t help but say, “Bonnie is really something else. She fixes robots, she fights, and she’s also turned out to be The Shepherd. I guess she’s not the loser we thought she was. You should cherish her, Ivor. She might be full of shit sometimes, but I think she’s good enough for you.” 
Ivor frowned, and his gaze became pensive. 
*** 
1/2 
After having lunch with Heath, Bonnie went home to pack her clothes. 
“What are you doing?” Vera was puzzled. 
“I’m going to move out so I can focus on preparing for the college entrance test,” Bonnie said as she filled her luggage. 
“Where are you going? Have you found a place?” 
“Uh–huh.” 
“Where is it? What’s the rent?” 
Vera was worried that Bonnie would find an expensive place to stay. 
Bonnie knew what she was concerned about. “It’s not as expensive as where Trina moved to.” 
But Vera was alarmed. 
Two years ago, the rent for Trina’s place was more than 3,000 dollars. A cheaper place would still cost. around 2,000 dollars a month. 
“Can’t you find a cheaper place? I’ll try to find one for you.” 
Vera opened a rental app as she spoke and said, “Look at this. It’s only a few hundred dollars a 
month, and there’s an en suite bathroom.” 
Bonnie looked at the photo. The room looked like it was in terrible condition, and it didn’t even have a 
desk. 
“So am I supposed to study on the bed?” 
Chapter 25 
212 
Vera supposed that Bonnie did need a desk. 
“How about this on? There’s a bed, a desk, a closet, and even an air conditioner. It’s a bit more expensive though. Around 400 bucks.” Vera seemed very concerned about the cost. 
Bonnie narrowed her eyes. 
“You never complained about the rent when Trina moved out.” 
“You’re n not her, okay?” Vera blurted out. Bonnie just stared. Vera caught herself. 
“Well, it’s not that I’m partial to her, but her results were great, and it seemed likely that she would get into Pyralis University.” 
Charter 26 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 26
Chapter 26 
“And you? It’s not that I look down on you, but you should know better. 
“Getting into a third–rate college would be a miracle for someone like you. 
“So what’s the point of moving to an expensive place? That would just be a waste of money.” 
Bonnie smiled confidently. “I told you I could get Into Pyralls University, didn’t I?” 
Vera felt a little guilty about what she had just said, but she was also starting to feel annoyed as she thought that Bonnie was bragging again. 
“I’ve had enough of this, Bonnie! 
“If you w 
you want me to pay your rent, apologize to me right now! If you promise not to brag again, I’ll get you the place that costs 400 bucks a month.” 
“I was never going to ask you to pay for it,” said Bonnie firmly. 
“Oh, yeah? How are you going to pay for it, then?” Vera was exasperated. 
Bonnie chuckled. 
“What’s so funny?” Vera frowned. 
“You give Trina everything she wants even though I’m your biological daughter. It’s funny if you 
think about it.” 
Livid, Vera widened her eyes. 
She found her voice after a moment. 
“You want to blame me for that? Trina has worked hard to make me and your dad proud! She’s a great student, she’s won piano competitions, joined the equestrian club, and so much more. She’s done a lot for this family! 
“Your grandpa and grandma’s birthdays are coming soon, and she’s even bought them presents with the money she’s saved in the past year. You? All you do is fool around! Why should I spend so much. on you?” 
Annoyed, Bonnie said, “When have I ever spent your money? I’ve always supported myself! And I’ll get grandpa and grandma better gifts than Trinal” 
Vera crossed her arms and laughed dismissively. 
Bonnie lost her patience. “That’s it. I’m leaving.” 
She left with her luggage. 
“Come back!” Vera shouted after her. “Do you hear me, Bonnie? Get your a*** back here. If you don’t, I’ll never pay your rent!” 
Chapter 26 
Bonnie Ignored her and eventually disappeared from view. 
“Finel Let’s see how you survive without me!” 
It was dark when Boule reached the Knight Residence. 
She saw Ivor sitting on the sofa as if he was waiting for someone. 
Before she could ask who he was waiting for, Ivor spoke first. 
“Why are you back so late?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 27
Chapter 27 
Bonnie raised her brow. She had a strange feeling that he sounded jealous. 
“I had to tell my family I was moving out,” she said, as she dragged her suitcase toward the stairwell. 
“Let me help you.” Ivor strode over and took the suitcase from her. 
Bonnie threw Ivor a baffled look. Wasn’t he upset? 
“It’s okay. I can do it.” 
Bonnie tried to take the suitcase back. 
But Ivor refused to let it go and carried it upstairs himself. 
He reached her room, pushed the door open, and went in. 
Bonnie was bewildered. Didn’t he say he would never set foot in her room? 
She went into the room and thanked him politely. 
“Thanks.” 
“You’re welcome.” 
After two seconds, Bonnie saw that Ivor wasn’t leaving and grew puzzled. 
“You can go now.” 
Ivor frowned. 
“Let’s play another round.” 
Bonnie realized he wanted to play chess with her. 
“It’s late, and I need to go to school tomorrow. We’ll do this some other time, okay?” 
Ivor checked his watch. “Huh, I guess it is late.” 
The room fell into awkward silence again. 
Bonnie stared at Ivor. Why wasn’t he leaving? 
Ivor frowned. He realized Bonnie was probably going to tell him to leave and quickly said, “So how did it go with your family?” 
“I told them I’d be staying somewhere else for a month.” 
“And they agreed to that? They didn’t ask you anything? Weren’t they worried about you moving out? “Ivor asked. 
“I lied. I said I was moving out to prepare for the college entrance test.” 
Chapter 27 
2/2 
Ivor knew Bonnie had been doing badly at school. He hesitated for a moment and said, “I graduated from high school years ago, but I can tutor you in subjects like English and math.” 
He wanted to tutor her? Did he really think she was struggling at school? 
“Thanks, but no thanks. I don’t need any help.” 
Ivor thought he had upset her because he had been too blunt. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.” 
Bonnie smiled. “I’m doing fine at school, and you could never hurt my feelings. Anyway, you should leave, Mr. Ivor.” 
But Ivor remained where he was. 
Bonnie got into bed, propped herself up on her side, and smiled at him. 
“You don’t plan on sleeping here with me, do you?” 
Ivor’s eyes lit up as he saw her curves and s*** yet innocent smile. 
He couldn’t help but start to feel warm, and his ears started to turn red. 
He turned around, coldly pushed the door open, and left the room. 
The next morning, Bonnie got out of bed and went downstairs. She saw Neville anxiously scratching the back of his head. 
As she approached him, she realized he was doing his homework. 
“What’s the matter? Didn’t you finish your homework yesterday?” 
Neville quickly shushed her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 28
Chapter 28 
1/2 
“I was right, huh?” Bonnie said.. 
Neville looked embarrassed and desperate. “Are you going to refuse to mentor me because of this?” 
“Why would I? I’ve never done my homework. Hell, I never even bothered answering any exam papers,” said Bonnie casually. 
The questions were too easy for her. She would rather spend her time solving problems at the 
research institute. 
“You’re so cool!” Neville gave her a thumbs–up, then frowned. 
“I don’t have time to talk right now. This applied problem is really tough, and I need to solve it quickly. Otherwise, my teacher will give me a hard time.” 
Bonnie saw that he was really anxious, so she said kindly, “I can help you if you don’t know how to 
answer that.” 
“Huh? You’ll help me? How could you possibly know how to do this?” Neville was surprised. 
just elementary school math. I’m not stupid, you know.” 
“No, no, I’m not saying you’re stupid, but I attend the finest private school for the elite. All the teachers there have at least a doctoral degree, so the questions they give are so hard that not even college students know how to answer them.” 
“Wait.” Bonnie pulled Neville’s workbook over and started to answer some of the questions. 
A few seconds later, she pushed it back toward Neville. 
“Take a look. Let me know if you have any questions.” 
Neville stared at her solutions with wide eyes. He was impressed that she had made them so easy to 
understand. 
Bonnie got up from the sofa. “I won’t be having breakfast here. I need to go to school.” 
Neville stared after her and tried to recover from the shock. 
“I thought she was doing really badly at school. Not even high school students could answer these questions!” 
Just as Neville said that, a deep voice came from behind him. 
“What are you talking about?” 
“I’m talking about Bonnie. She’s really amazing. She even-” Neville caught himself. 
He wanted to tell Ivor about what had happened, but he couldn’t risk Ivor finding out that he hadn’t finished his homework yesterday. 
Chapter 28 
2/2 
“Oh, what was 1 saying?” Neville scratched his head and walked to the dining table. 
“You know what, I can’t remember. Just forget what I said. I need to have breakfast and go to school 
now,” 
At the mention of “school“, Ivor thought about Bonnie and her beautiful face. 
“Have you seen Bonnie?” 
“She’s gone to school.” 
“Without breakfast?” Ivor frowned. 
“Yeah.” 
Ivor looked concerned. 
Bonnie entered the classroom. 
Some students were reading, and some were gossiping. 
“My dad told me the hottest bachelor in Pyralis has gotten engaged!” 
“Are you talking about the CEO of the Knight Group?” 
“Who else? I wonder who the lucky girl is?” 
“I’m so jealous!” 
“Why are you jealous? Let’s be realistic about this. There’s no way we could ever meet the richest man in the city. I’d be happy to meet a rich guy like Sacha’s boyfriend.” 
Sacha smiled proudly as she heard them mention her name. 
She saw Bonnie leaning against the window and narrowed her eyes maliciously. 
“Bonnie, I’m curious about something. How on earth did you meet Ms. Kay? Not through her uncles, I hope?” 
Everyone in the classroom looked at Bonnie, waiting for her answer. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 29
Chapter 29 
As they had wondered the same thing, the students stopped what they were doing and stared at 
Bonnie. 
Sacha was very mean to imply that Bonnie had become a mistress to an older man. Anyone else would have gotten mad, but Bonnie just glanced at Sacha and said nothing. 
Bonnie’s silence infuriated her classmates. They were already upset about what had happened at Regal Karaoke, so they started to attack her verbally. 
“Don’t bp 
“Don’t be a snob. So what if you know Ms. Kay?” 
“I bet Ms. Kay will tell you to f*** off once she finds out who you really are! Hell, she might even give you a good beating.” 
Bonnie finished drinking her yogurt and turned to them. 
“You’re in school to study, not to gossip about other people. You should focus on your studies. I feel bad for your parents, you know.” 
Her classmates couldn’t believe what she had just said. 
“Hey, Bonnie, don’t you have any shame? You’re always getting zeros in exams. You’re the one who needs to focus on your studies!” 
“Getting zeros doesn’t mean I’m a bad student. I just didn’t want to waste my time answering the papers because they were too easy. Instead, I spent my time solving the P versus NP problem.” 
The P versus NP problem was one of the seven most challenging mathematical problems in the world that had baffled many geniuses. 
But she had solved it in less than a day, to the shock of mathematicians around the world. 
A student laughed. “Do you really expect us to believe that?” 
“A loser like you solved the P versus NP problem? That’ll happen when pigs fly!” 
The students laughed as they ridiculed Bonnie. 
“If you’re as good as you say you are, Bonnie, you must be trying to get into Pyralis University.” Tilda mocked. 
“Pfft, are you kidding me? Pyralis University is the best university in our city, and only the cream of the crop can get in. I don’t think a single person in this whole school will be able to do that, let alone anyone from our class. If Bonnie can do it, I’ll shave my head!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 30
Chapter 30 
“Count me in!” 
“Me too!” 
The students continued to ridicule Bonnie. 
She looked at them calmly and said, “Well, how about a bet?” 
“What are we betting on?” 
“Whether I can get into Pyralis University. If you lose, you’ll all have to shave your heads.” 
“All right! But if you lose, you have to shave yours as well.” 
“Deal,” said Bonnie. 
A student held up her phone. 
“I’ve in 
recorded what you said. Bonnie, if you lose and don’t do as you promised, we’ll put this online and show the world what a liar you are!” 
Almost every student at school heard about the bet before the day was out. Sacha and her gang had spread the news to make Bonnie a laughing stock and ensure there was no turning back. 
If Bonnie ended up breaking her promise, she would lose everyone’s respect. 
Bonnie had been harassed in school all day, so she thought she would be able to find peace at the Knight Residence. But when she returned, she became the target of two uninvited guests. 
“A country bumpkin like you doesn’t belong here, Bonnie! You’re not worthy of my cousin! I can’t believe my grandpa wants him to marry you! And how could Aunt Maisie give you her blessing? I don’t care what she said. You need to leave Ivor immediately!” 
Halle Knight disliked Bonnie because she wanted her best friend, Rowena Paul, to marry Ivor. 
Bonnie chuckled. “Who the f*** you think you are? Why should I listen to what you say?” 
“I–You-” Halle was so exasperated that her face flushed. 
Rowena, who had come in with Halle, glared at Bonnie. “You’re so rude. Halle is Ivor’s cousin. How could you talk to her like that?” 
“So what if she’s Ivor’s cousin? She’s the one who’s being rude. I don’t need this shit, okay? Just leave 
me alone.” Bonnie turned to leave. 
Infuriated, Halle lost her cool and tried to slap her. 
Chapter 31 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 31
Chapter 31 
Bonnie squinted, raised her hand, and pinched Halle’s arm. 
“Let me go, you b***! How dare you fight back when you’re the one who insulted me. You’re nothing but a pathetic nobody. How dare you?” 
Bonnie’s face was cold as she exerted more pressure on Halle’s arm. It started to creak as it bent. 
“Ouch! Eek! That hurts! My arm’s going to break! Bonnie, you b***. I’m ordering you to stop!” 
Rowena tried to stop her as well. “Don’t do anything rash, Bonnie. She’s one of the Knights. If you hurt her for real, they won’t let it slide, and even Mr. Sigmund won’t be able to cover for you!” 
“Are you threatening me? I’ve never backed down from a threat.” Bonnie sneered and pressed down 
even harder. 
‘Crack!‘ Just like that, Halle’s arm was dislocated. “Arghh!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. 
“W–Why, you…” Rowena was at a loss for words. She didn’t think Bonnie would actually do it! What a 
terrible woman! 
Bonnie stared at Halle coldly. “I’ll give you one last chance. Apologize, or I’ll do more than dislocate your arm. I’ll straight up ruin it!” 
Halle caught the devilish look in Bonnie’s eyes just as she was about to yell at her. She had a hunch that she’d meet a far more terrible fate if she continued to challenge Bonnie. 
With that in mind, Halle gritted her teeth and said reluctantly, “I’m sorry. 
Η 
“Tell me again. Who’s the b***?” Bonnie eyed Halle’s other arm as she spoke. 
“Bonnie Shepard! Don’t go too far! Otherwise, I’ll…” 
‘Crack! Crack!‘ 
“I’m sorry! Forgive me! It’s me! I’m the b***!” Halle begged pitifully as tears streamed down her 
cheeks. 
Bonnie shoved her away so fiercely that she stumbled and fell. Halle sprawled across the ground, tears and snot all over her face. Her earlier arrogance was all but gone. 
“Are you okay, Halle?” Rowena asked, concerned. 
arm !! 
“It hurts so much! I think she broke my arm.” 
Rowena flung herself against Bonnie in a rage, “You’re so cruel, Bonnie! How could you treat Halle like this? She’s just a girl!” 
“What’s the matter? Do you want a taste of this too?” Bonnie said solemnly. She cracked her knuckles. 
Rowena knew just how terrible Bonnie could be. She fell silent and took a step back, ensuring a safe 
Chapter 31 
2/2 
distance between them. Then, she took out a check and said, “Here’s five million dollars. Take it. The only condition is you have to stay away from Ivor.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 32
Chapter 32 
“Five million dollars? Do you think I’m some kind of beggar?” Bonnie looked at the check disdainfully. The country paid her way more than five million dollars as a monthly salary, and that was even before taking the dividends into account. 
“You’re asking for way too much! You’re just a nobody. The Shepards might have taken you back, but I hear that you aren’t exactly popular there. They don’t give you any pocket money. 
“Five million is nothing to sneeze at. The Shepards would fall on their knees and thank me if I gave them all this money!‘ 
Rowena crossed her arms on her chest, lifted her chin, and looked down at Bonnie. 
“Really? Five million dollars might seem like a huge amount of money to you. You’re from a middle- class family, after all. But it means nothing to someone like me. Take my outfit, for example. This alone is worth several million dollars.” Bonnie pointed at the clothes she was wearing. 
“Hahaha! Did you just say your outfit is worth several million dollars? Are you sure you’re not talking about some third–world country currency?” 
“You can’t even tell who made my outfit. You’re clueless.” It was Bonnie’s turn to look down 
Rowena. 
Rowena frowned and started looking closely at Bonnie’s outfit. Her eyes widened when she saw the 
logo. Then, her surprise turned to mockery. 
“You’ve done it now, Bonnie. You wanted to look good so badly that you slapped Hamish Evans’s unique logo on some random outfit.” 
“I know you didn’t recognize it, but I didn’t know just how clueless you were. This is not a 
counterfeit.” 
“Clueless? I think you’re the ignorant one. You flipped through some magazines and thought anyone could wear Hamish Evans’s clothes. He only makes three outfits a month. All kinds of famous and wealthy people fight over every piece he makes. 
“There’s no way a hillbilly managed to get one of his outfits. I’m a huge fan of his. I know about all his designs, and I can say for sure that he hasn’t made anything like what you’re wearing!” 
“That’s because Hamish designed this outfit specifically for me. Of course you wouldn’t have seen it. 
Rowena burst into laughter. “Did you hear that, Halle? She said Hamish designed that outfit specifically for her. Why doesn’t she just go ahead and say that Hamish works for her and designs an outfit for her every day? How shameless!” 
Halle ignored her painful arm and joined the mocking. “That’s why I said she doesn’t deserve cousin Ivor! She dragged his name through the mud when she was engaged to him. Get her out of here now, Rowena. She’s making me sick.” 
Chapter 32 
2/2 
Rowena pulled off a jade bracelet from her wrist and reached out to Bonnie, “My grandmother spent a lot of money on this bracelet for my eighteenth birthday. Do you know how much it was? I’m sure you’ll be shocked. 
“This cost ten million dollars! Ten million! What do you think? Are you surprised? Take it. You’ll never wear a piece of jewelry more extravagant than this one. I’m giving it to you out of the kindness of my heart.” 
Bonnie looked at the bracelet coldly and extended her hand as though to take it. 
“Heh!” Rowena despised her. ‘Why isn’t Bonnie keeping up her aloof pretense now? Was it because she thought five million dollars wasn’t enough?‘ 
As she moved to put the jade bracelet in Bonnie’s hand, Bonnie snatched her hand back. Just like that, it fell out of Rowena’s hand and straight onto the ground. 
‘Smash!‘ The jade bracelet shattered into several pieces. Rowena screamed in shock. “My bracelet!” 
Halle couldn’t believe what had just happened. She was about to yell at Bonnie when she saw Ivor coming out of his study. 
An idea sprung in her mind and she yelled, “That’s too much, Bonnie. Rowena just said something you didn’t want to hear, but you went ahead and smashed her jade bracelet on the ground! Her late grandmother gave that to her! How could you be so cold?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 33
Chapter 33 
Rowena instantly guessed why Halle was spinning the story that way. She put on a heartbroken face, Tysats streamed down her face as she said, “Plat was my Jade bracelet. It’s the only thing I have to remember my grandmother by. 
“sho doted on me when she was still with us, I was so miserable when she passed away. The jade bracelet was the only thing I had left of her. 
How could you do this, Bonnie? I just asked you to be nice to Ivor. You can hit me or argue with me, but you shouldn’t have smashed my bracelet…” 
Halle made her way to Ivor, gritted her teeth, and started complaining. “You need to stand up for Rowena, Ivor! Bonnie smashed her bracelet and broke my arm. Look at it. It hurts like hell!” 
Ivor looked at Bonnie. “Did you break her arm?” 
“I guess you could say that. I didn’t break it, though. I only dislocated it because I was thinking of Grandpa Sigmund. Otherwise, I would’ve broken it for sure.” Bonnie spoke in a tone so light you would have thought she was talking about something mundane. 
Halle was about to lose it. “Look at her, Ivor. She hurt me and smashed Rowena’s bracelet, but she’s still acting so full of herself, I won’t stand for this! You need to teach her a lesson. Better yet, break her arms and legs before you kick her out of here!” 
“I did hurt you, I admit. You deserved it, after all. But as for Rowena’s bracelet…” Bonnie cast a casual glance at Rowena, who was crying her eyes out, and said, “You should have shown more respect for your grandmother. 
“I don’t know why you’d try to chase me away by offering me the bracelet your late grandmother gave you. You’re such an animal. Oh, wait. Animals do have some semblance of respect for their elders. It would be an insult to say you’re an animal. You’re worse than an animal!” 
Rowena was speechless at Bonnie’s blunt retort. In the end, Halle stepped forward and spoke for Rowena. “What nonsense are you saying? When did Rowena say she would give you the bracelet? You’re the one who snatched it and smashed it in a fit of rage when she refused to let you take it.” 
Bonnie sneered and looked at Ivor. “Do you believe me or them?” 
“I believe you.” Ivor said immediately. Bonnie was surprised to hear such a straightforward answer. 
“You can’t trust her, Ivor! She’s just a second–rate, miserable b*** who doesn’t deserve you at all!” As she said that, Halle was met with Ivor’s terrible gaze. Just as she was wondering what she had said to deserve such a look, he slapped her right across her face. 
‘Slap!‘ The sound resounded clearly through the room. Everyone was shocked, even Bonnie. Halle covered her cheek and stared at him incredulously. 
“D–Did you just slap me, Ivor? Why did you do that?” 
1/2 
“Why? the’s engaged to me Technically, she’s your cousin in–law. You need to respect my fiancé How dare you swear at her and call her names. As her future husband, I have a duty to teach you a lesson on hy behalf!” 
It felt as if the temperature of the room had dropped. Halle couldn’t help but gawit. Rowena, on the other hand, was green with envy and staring daggers at Bonnie. 
hvor had never stood up for anyone like this. Not even Bonnie herself had thought he would take her side all the time 
After a long period of silence, Halle burst out crying. “I can’t believe you’re on her side, Ivor. What 
sakeg you think she can be my cousin–in–law? I won’t stand for this. 
“I thought you didn’t want to marry her. Why would you teach me a lesson on her behalf and slap me, then? I won’t let this rest. I’m going to tell my parents about this.” 
“Alright. You won’t let this rest, huh? I’ll tell the butler to show me the security footage.” Ivor turned to give an order to the butler, who was standing at the side of the room. 
“At once.” The butler left to do his master’s bidding. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 34
Chapter 34 
Halle started feeling worried. She looked at Rowena, who said anxiously, “There’s no need to watch the security footage, Ivor. After all, Grandpa Sigmund likes her. I might not care about her, but I need to show him some respect. 
“What’s done is done. My grandmother’s been gone a long time anyway. I can hold on to the bracelet forever, but she won’t come back to me. I’ll do Grandpa Sigmund a favor and let this slide.” Then, Rowena took Halle’s arm and said, “Let’s go, Halle.” 
Ivor stopped them. “Who said you could leave?” 
Rowena and Halle stopped in their tracks and looked at each other. They didn’t get it. Why wasn’t Ivor letting this go? He was a privileged, capable man. There was no way he loved a nobody like Bonnie! 
Ivor stepped briskly toward them. “Apologize to Bonnie!” 
“W–We didn’t do anything wrong!” 
“Alright. I’ll check the security footage and send it to everyone in the family,” He said coldly. That shook both of them to the core. Their faces turned pale. 
The coldness and the cruel indifference in Ivor’s eyes were unmistakable. “Apologize to Bonnie, and do it properly. Otherwise, I’ll make you two regret what you did!” 
The struggle was real for both Halle and Rowena! 
“I’m going to count to three.” Ivor didn’t give them any time to think and began to count. 
“One.” 
“Two.” 
Halle and Rowena almost turned blue in the face as they struggled to keep silent. They gritted their teeth. This was the biggest humiliation they had ever experienced in their lives! However, they had no choice but to cower before Ivor. 
“We’re sorry!” Halle and Rowena apologized at the same time. They even bowed to Bonnie. 
“You can go now.” Ivor said with a blank face. 
Halle and Rowena did not waste a second and turned to leave. 
Bonnie walked to Ivor and said, “Thanks for standing up for me. I didn’t really need your help, but I have to say I owe you a favor. I don’t like having that hanging over my head. How do you want me to repay you?” 
He pointed upstairs. “Play chess with me.” 
Bonnie nodded. “Sure, but I have to see to some business outside. Let’s do it tonight instead.” 
“Sure.” 
Chapter 34 
2/2 
“Come to my room tonight. I’ll be waiting.” Bonnie said it casually, but her tone sounded a little. tempting to lvor. 
She was gone by the time Ivor snapped out of his trance. 
“Where’s Bonnie?” 
“She left just a second ago.” 
Frowning, Ivor went up to his study. He was going to continue his work, but he found himself walking to the window involuntarily. That was when he saw Bonnie getting into a Rolls–Royce. A man was waiting by the car. 
“Huh?” 
Was that Jim Ray, Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard?! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 35
Chapter 35 
Ivor was surprised. He wanted to take a closer look, but the man got into the car as well. 
“It couldn’t have been Jim Ray.” He shook his head. Jim was Ms. Bonita’s top bodyguard. Why would he be with Bonnie? He must have been mistaken. 
Meanwhile, in the Rolls–Royce, Jim was asking Bonnie worriedly, “How was everything? Was anyone from the Knight family mean to you?” 
She found his question very amusing. “Do you think I’d let anybody be mean to me?” 
He didn’t feel better just because she had answered him lightly. “Did Ivor do anything to you? Was he mean to you?” 
“He treats me the way he would any ordinary person. He’s not exactly hostile toward me.” 
“That’s fine, then.” 
“Oh. Speaking of, he helped me out of a pickle just now.” 
13 
“What? What happened?” Jim sounded very worried. She told him everything that had just happened at the Knight family’s place. Jim’s face was stern to begin with, but it grew fiercer and darker when he heard the whole story. 
“I can’t believe Halle and Rowena tried to pick a fight with you. Leave it to me, Bonnie. I’ll charge them with treason for humiliating a researcher of the nation!” 
She looked at Jim, whose face was cold and grim, and shook her head. “You don’t use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. There was no need to involve you in this. And anyway, I already taught them a lesson!” 
“You let them off the hook too easily!” 
“I have to agree with that, but you need to remember that Sigmund is Halle’s grandfather. I would have been much harsher on them if it wasn’t for him.” 
Jim frowned and hesitated before looking at Bonnie sternly. “You need to tell me if anything like t happens to you again. Your safety is the nation’s top priority.” 
“Alright. I’ll let you know right away next time I get into trouble,” She promised him. 
that 
However, Jim didn’t exactly feel reassured. “Maybe I should just stay with the Knight family. That’ll make it easier for me to protect you.” 
She raised her eyes, “No way. You’ll expose my identity to the whole world if you stay with the Knight family just to protect me. I hid my identity for a reason, and it’s not about keeping a low profile. 
“I just don’t like the idea that reporters and paparazzi will dog me the moment I step outside, or that I’ll cause congestion in traffic because I want to buy food or go shopping. I’ll lose my freedom and privacy. I just want some peace and quiet, that’s all.” 
Chapter 15 
2/2 
“You say that, but those petty characters in the Knight family will always try to cause trouble for you. I believe you’ll be able to handle them easily, but what good will I be as a bodyguard if I can’t protect you?” 
“I said no. End of discussion,” Bonnie said firmly. Jim pursed his lips and lowered his gaze, a plan already forming in his mind. 
Bonnie went back to the Knight family’s place after working at the research institute the entire day. Something was different today. Several dozen bodyguards were standing in the courtyard, all of them wearing sunglasses. 
“What’s this?” She asked curiously. 
Alfred answered, “It hasn’t been safe in Pyralis lately. We’ve seen reports of burglaries in mansions and villas. The criminals are so bold that they’d rob someone in broad daylight. Mr. Ivor gave the order to hire some skillful bodyguards.” 
“I see.” 
As Bonnie cast a casual glance at the bodyguards, a six–foot–five man caught her attention. He looked familiar. She felt as if she had seen him somewhere before. 
“You should return to your room, Ms. Bonnie. I’m going to test them now. Things will get pretty violent. I’m worried it’ll upset you.” Alfred said. 
“It’s alright. I’ll watch the tests.” She said lightly. 
He was about to say something when it occurred to him that Bonnie had fought with Ms. Maisie during the engagement party. She was right. Why would Ms. Maisie’s fellow disciple be upset by some tests? 
As they were getting ready for the tests, Bonnie found a place and took a seat. 
The six–foot–five man among the bodyguards cast a glance at Bonnie swiftly and quietly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 36
Chapter 36 
1/2 
Bonnie caught his glance and stared at him fiercely. The six–foot–five man was startled and proceeded to pretend that nothing had happened. He stared straight forward and waited for the test 
to start. 
“The test will begin now. Form two rows, and we’ll hold the duels one by one,” the butler said to the bodyguards. 
The group began the duels according to his instructions. The first round of duels disqualified half of them. Then, he held another round of duels and cut the numbers in half again. Now, there were only Twenty–four bodyguards left. 
should do it.” Alfred nodded in satisfaction. “Take a break, everyone. I’ll pick a captain in twenty minutes.” 
After twenty minutes went by, Alfred arranged for them to duke it out amongst themselves. The six- foot–five man was very skillful. He sent his opponents flying in no time. 
Alfred was about to make him captain when Bonnie spoke up. “I don’t think it’s enough for the Knight family’s bodyguard to be good in a fight. That’s too easy. They should have some medical knowledge as well.” 
He was stunned. The disdain in his eyes was unmistakable. “You’re just a student, Ms. Bonnie. It would be better for you not to get involved. After all, this is about the security of the Knight family.” 
Alfred might have said that in a respectful tone, but he did look down on her. He couldn’t believe Bonnie really thought she was mistress of the house. 
She, on the other hand, paid him no mind. She needed to confirm her suspicions. “In 1998, the wealthiest man in Aquilonia, Nox Turner, died of poisoning. His bodyguard had zero medical knowledge, so he didn’t realize that a toxin could be produced by combining certain foods. It induced a heart attack. 
“In 2005, the royal princess of Xentara accidentally breathed in an odorless, poisonous gas and slipped into unconsciousness. She remains in a vegetative state to this day. Many incidents like that have happened. Do you think you’ll be able to take responsibility if someone tried to poison one of the Knights?” 
Bonnie might have spoken calmly, but Alfred was unnerved. He wasn’t happy about this. He felt as if she was challenging his authority. So, he said spitefully, “Maybe you should test them then, Ms. Bonnie. You must have worked out something before you interrupted my tests.” 
If she wanted to show off, he’d put her on the spot. In any case, Bonnie was a terrible student. She was probably just trying to show off. There was no way she could think of something to actually test the bodyguards with. 
“Sure thing.” Bonnie accepted the challenge and ordered some pens and papers to be brought to her. She wrote down ten questions in no time and gave them to a gobsmacked Alfred. 
Chapter 36 
He verified the questions with the doctor he hired for his tests. To their disbelief, they were substantial questions! She wouldn’t have been able to come up with these questions if she hadn’t done some profound research in the toxicology field. 
The doctor regarded her in admiration. “I can’t believe you have such a deep knowledge of toxicology, Ms. Bonnie. Could you give me some pointers?” 
Alfred was totally shocked. When Bonnie gave the word, the bodyguards went on to take the 
additional test. Only a few of them could give the correct answers, but the six–foot–five man managed to get a perfect score. 
She checked his answer sheet and chuckled. She walked to the man in question and asked with a smile, “What’s your name?” 
“Tim Reid.” 
“Tim Reid…” Bonnie muttered, “Hmm. What a fine name. It reminds me of someone. 
The man’s fingers twitched slightly. 
“Do you want to know who it reminds me of?” Bonnie grinned widely. 
“I–I’m not sure about that.” 
She kept grinning and said lightly, “It reminds me of the King of Combat, Jim Ray.” 
Alfred was very displeased. “Watch your tongue, Ms. Bonnie! If Ms. Bonita and Mr. Jim find out what you said, it’ll bring catastrophe to the Knight family. You’ll be the person who caused their downfall!“
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 37
Chapter 37 
Bonnie looked at Alfred, stunned. 
He held up his chin triumphantly and said condescendingly, “Mr. Jim is no ordinary man, Ms. Bonnie. He’s an extremely proficient fighter and very proud. How could you compare these bodyguards with someone as great as him? You’d better watch out. They might come after you!” 
“Oh. This Jim character is quite something, huh?” She chuckled. A bead of sweat flowed down the side of Tim Reid’s forehead. In fact, he was Jim Ray in disguise. He held himself back from his strong desire to tear Alfred apart and remained where he stood. 
Alfred had more to say. “Mr. Jim’s working for someone even more important. You might have heard of Ms. Bonita, the world–renowned researcher who successfully developed the world’s latest 
nanomaterial. 
“If you offend Mr. Jim, you’ll offend Ms. Bonita as well. Not even Mr. Sigmund will be able to help you then. They won’t do him any favors,” Alfred thought he had intimidated Bonnie a little and gained some of her respect. But Bonnie looked calm as usual, almost as if she wasn’t fazed in the least. 
Alfred was displeased. “It looks like you don’t understand the full gravity of the situation, Ms. Bonnie.” 
“What do I need to understand? Do you think Mr. Jim and Ms. Bonita would stir up trouble with me over something so trivial? Do you think they have time for that? Are you calling them petty?” 
She shot a cold glance at him and kept going, “If that’s what you’re trying to say here, they’d probably want to teach you a lesson instead.” 
Alfred’s face turned green. He didn’t have anything to say. He wanted to teach Bonnie a lesson, but she had schooled him back. And everything she said had a point, so he couldn’t even argue with her! 
At that moment, Ivor returned from work. 
“Have you chosen the bodyguards?” He asked as he looked at Alfred. 
“You’re looking at them. They’re the best of the best. That’s especially true when it comes to the new captain. He’s very formidable.” Alfred pointed at Jim and praised him non–stop. 
Ivor scanned Jim for a while before turning his gaze to his assistant and bodyguard, Floyd. He 
ordered, “Spar with him and size him up.” 
“Roger that, Mr. Ivor.” Floyd stepped forward and asked, “Should I go easy on him?” 
Jim spoke before Ivor could. “That won’t be necessary.” 
“Oh? Confident, aren’t you?” Floyd did some warm–ups and said, “Fair warning. Even the black belts are no match for me. I’m in a different league from the people you just defeated” 
Jim gestured confidently. “Let’s begin.” 
Chapter 37 
272 
“Every fighter has his pride. Very well. You have my respect.” Despite what Floyd said, he had already made up his mind to take his opponent down a peg. But he still didn’t want to humiliate Jim. 
Floyd just wanted him to know that there would always be someone stronger than him. If Jim couldn’t let go of his pride, it would stop him doing a good job as the Knights‘ bodyguard. It was better to chip away at some of his pride now. 
Bonnie walked over to Ivor and said, “I suggest Floyd fight with everything he’s got.” 
Ivor raised his brow and asked, “Is he really that good?” 
“What do you think would happen if Floyd went up against me?” Bonnie answered his question with another question. 
After thinking for a while, Ivor reached an answer. “He might not win.” 
C
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 38
Chapter 38 
Honnte glanced at Jim, who was warming up, and said, “If I went up against him, I’d only stand a slim 
hance of winning “What she said gave Ivor quite a shock. 
“Begin!” Alfred shouted. He was acting as referee for the fight. Floyd moved in on Jim. They were both skilled fighters, and traded blows incessantly. It was a sight to behold, dazzling the onlookers. 
Ivor began to believe what Bonnie had said. “He’s definitely strong 
Bonnie was silent, Jim was pulling his punches because he was trying to conceal his identity. Otherwise, he would have knocked out Floyd immediately. 
Five minutes later, gusts of wind rose as Jim and Floyd’s fists collided fiercely. Then, they both stepped back. 
“Wonderfull! You fought well! I like you!” Floyd laughed and patted Jim on his shoulder. He made it look like they were two evenly matched fighters who were admiring each other. 
Jim gave Floyd’s hand a sideways glance. He would’ve thrown Floyd over his shoulder out of pure 
instinct if it wasn’t for Bonnie, 
“The way you fought reminded me so much of Mr. Jim. Are you a fan of his as well?” Floyd couldn’t help but ask. 
“You’re a fan?” Jim asked. 
“Of course!” Floyd got excited when they started talking about Jim. “I really admire Mr. Jim! I’ve watched every single match of his. They were exhilarating! My only wish in life is to spar with him and have him show me some pointers. I’ll die a happy man if my wish comes true!” 
Jim was about to lose it. Bonnie nearly burst into laughter as well. 
“That’s enough, Floyd.” Ivor said lightly. 
Floyd was a little embarrassed. “U–Understood, sir. Please excuse me. I lose my composure whenever 
I talk about Mr. Jim.” 
Ivor looked at Bonnie. “It hasn’t been safe recently. You should pick some of these men to be your 
bodyguards.” 
She raised her fists. “Do you think I need bodyguards?” 
He stared at her hands involuntarily. Her skin was so fair and tender that it looked like silk, soft and 
smooth to the touch. 
He had seen the way she fought. Bonnie could easily match his mother in terms of combat. She was Cary Burns’s apprentice, too. 
But Ivor still thought she was weak and vulnerable. She needed protection. He was thinking of a way to convince her to take the bodyguards with her when she changed her mind. 
Chapter 38 
2/2 
“I might have been trained in combat, but I could slip up sometimes. I guess it’s a good idea to have someone to back me up. I’ll pick one of them.” 
“Yeah. That’s right.” Ivor nodded. 
Pointing at Jim, she said, “He’ll do.” She did it so she could help conceal his identity. 
Out of nowhere, Ivor said somewhat menacingly in her ear, “What is it? Is he your type? Do you like him?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 39
Chapter 39 
1/2 
Bonnie rolled her eyes and said, “So what if he’s my type of guy? What does that have to do with you?” 
Out of nowhere, Ivor gripped her arm. “I knew it. You like him!” 
She had never seen him behave this way. He had always been aloof, arrogant, and coldly distant. But this time, she saw a flash of rage in his eyes! 
Perhaps she was mistaken, she thought. 
“What’s with the sudden fit of anger, Mr. Ivor? Allow me to remind you of our agreement. 
There was a hint of fleeting confusion in his deep, black eyes. It went away as quickly as it came. Ivor composed himself and gave her a cold, sidelong glance. “I’ve made it clear that you’re supposed to be my fiancé this month! I hope you’ll behave like it!” 
“Okay. I won’t cheat on you this month. You have my word.” 
A hint of darkness flashed in his eyes. He spoke grimly, “Are you trying to say you’ll do whatever you want after a month?” 
Bonnie was at a loss. “Are you pretending to be ignorant or are you genuinely confused? I’ll be a free woman by then. Whatever I do won’t concern you anymore. So, mind your own business!” With that, she withdrew her hand from his grip. 
Ivor clenched his fist involuntarily, but he relaxed it a second later. As he trained his gaze on her, her words ran through his head. 
“I’ll be a free woman by then.” 
He couldn’t explain why, but he felt uneasy. 
Bonnie had long stopped looking at him. Instead, she looked at Jim and said, “Come with me. I have some work for you.” 
A flash of menace showed in Ivor’s eyes again. He stared at Jim sharply and condescendingly. Suddenly, he said, “I’ve thought about it. You should come to my room tonight.” 
Bonnie was puzzled. She didn’t think that Ivor would try to lure her into his trap. “Didn’t we agree to go to my room?” 
“Eight 
o’clock tonight. I’ll be waiting.” Ivor refused to explain himself any further and left. 
As soon as he was out of sight, Jim asked worriedly, “Why are you going to his room at night? Eight o’clock is a late time. Is he trying to do something to you? He seemed really hostile just now. He’s clearly up to something!” 
Bonnie thought nothing of it. “What’s he going to do to me? We agreed to meet at eight o’clock tonight because I promised him a game of chess.” 
Chapter 39 
2/2 
“Chess?” 
“Mm–hmm.” She nodded, “He’s the Knight.” 
Dumbstruck, Jim said, “I can’t believe he’s the Knight! He’s the heir to the family business. I don’t know how he found the time to play chess.” 
Then, he saw that Bonnie was staring right at him and felt a little guilty. 
She crossed her arms and said, “Why did you apply to be a bodyguard here?“. 
“I did it to protect you,” he said unapologetically. 
She rubbed the side of her head. “Aren’t you worried that someone might find out who you are? What will we do if they uncover my real identity through you?” 
“Don’t worry. I’ll tread very cautiously. No one’s going to find out about me.” 
“Don’t jinx it!” 
He scratched the back of his head, embarrassed, “They’re not going to find out this time. I promise.” 
It was eight o’clock. Bonnie had arrived at Ivor’s room. She hesitated a little as she raised her hand to 
knock on his door. 
Jim’s words came back to haunt her. Ivor hadn’t been acting like himself today. Jim might have exaggerated, but she had also sensed that Ivor wasn’t easy to deal with. She could clearly see his imposing aggression every time she interacted with him. 
However, she was well–versed in combat, she thought. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 40
Chapter 40 
It was just a game of chess. What could possibly happen? What were the chances of Ivor forcing himself on her? 
‘Knock Knock Knock. She rapped on his door. 
A deep, charming voice responded, “Come in.” 
Bonnie smelled a wonderful cologne as soon as she pushed the door open. Ivor definitely used the good stuff. 
Ivor was sitting in a chair. A chessboard had been set up in front of him. He had even gotten someone to prepare tea. Ivor took a slow sip as steam wafted over his sharp eyes. The steam lingered, giving his handsome features an almost ethereal sense of charm. 
“The tea master brewed this. Have a taste.” 
“Sure.” Bonnie didn’t bother to stand on formalities. She lifted the cup and tasted the tea. “This is Mariage Frères. It’s been brewed very well, too.” 
He raised his brow and asked playfully, “How do you know it’s Mariage Frères?” 
Mariage Frères was one of the most prestigious tea companies in Parisia. It produced extraordinary teas in small quantities. Most people had never even heard of it. 
“Is it hard for ordinary people to tell what it is?” Bonnie answered nonchalantly and set the cup down. on the table. 
“Have you tasted it before?” 
“I have. I’ve tasted all kinds of teas. You could say I’ve tasted every tea imaginable.” She said. Ivor would have dismissed what she said as lies in the past, but he hesitated to think that of her now. Bonnie might be young, but she was far more skilled than the average person. 
“How surprising. You might be young, but you seem to have some experience with tea. Are you going to tell me that you’re a tea master next?” Ivor poured her another cup of tea and said 
condescendingly. 
“You could say that,” she said with a blank face. “I could’ve brewed better than this.” 
Ivor was speechless. Bonnie said that she had tasted every tea imaginable, but anyone who was rich enough could do that. However, it was simply arrogance to say that she could brew better tea than a 
tea master. 
Tea–brewing was a skill that took practice. Even if Bonnie were to learn it from scratch, she wouldn’t have been able to surpass a tea master. 
“I employ a famous tea master, Quenton Hill. If you’re a tea master yourself, you must have heard of 
him.” 
Chapter 40 
212 
“Quenton? Is he working for you?” She put down her cup of tea and asked. 
Quenton?! 
For a second, Ivor thought he had misheard her. Quenton Hill had won several championships in the World Tea Art Tournament, and he was also senior consultant of the International Tea Association. 
He brewed divine teas. He could turn even the most humble tea leaves into something hauntingly aromatic. Ivor had spent several million dollars to hire Quenton to be his personal tea master, but here Bonnie was, talking about the tea master as if they were friends! 
“Where is he? It’s been a long time since I last saw him.” Bonnie asked excitedly. 
“He’s gone home,” Ivor said lightly, instead of exposing her for the fraud she was. 
Bonnie looked like she was disappointed with his answer. She put up such a good act that Ivor had to wonder if she was delusional. 
That worried him. If she kept lying to people, someone would expose her one day. She would be opening herself up to harsh remarks and embarrassment when that happened.. 
Perhaps he should teach her a lesson by bringing her down a little. That would teach her to be more humble. Making up his mind, Ivor said, “I have some tea leaves here. You said you could brew 
something better than Quenton. I’d love to have a taste. Just how good can your tea be?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 41
Chapter 41 
Bonnie checked the time and casually said, “We still have some time on our hands and it’s been a long time since I last brewed any tea from Mariage Frères. I guess I’ll just think of this as practice.” With that, she started brewing. 
She took the tea leaves and started washing them. This was to remove any dust on its surface, but it was extremely difficult to do. One misstep could compromise its taste. 
She proceeded to pour the water in and pour it out again. Every movement was effortless and swift, so as not to compromise the tea leaves in the slightest. 
Next, 
she brewed the tea. She did it so gracefully that the whole scene looked like a painting. She was beautiful to begin with, and she looked like an elegant deity with the aromatic scent floating through the room. 
Ivor sat across from her, completely drawn in. His gaze never left Bonnie for even a fraction of a second. 
“There. Enjoy.” She gave him a cup of tea. He snapped out of his trance. He cleared his throat, took the cup, and tasted the tea. His eyes widened in shock as the tea flowed down his throat. 
“How does it taste?” She asked. 
“Wonderful…” He looked at her in complete awe. He had never known that tea could taste this way! The tea Master Quenton had brewed paled in comparison. It was tasteless, even. 
“It’s mellow, full–bodied, and there’s a hint of sweetness. As you said, you brew better tea than Master Quenton,” Ivor complimented. “How did you learn to be so impressive at brewing tea?” 
“Is it 
really so impressive? I just need to boil some hot water and read the color of the tea. It’s way easier than learning kickboxing with my master up on the hills.” Bonnie rested her chin on her hands. 
He couldn’t believe she was an expert tea master. And to think he was trying to bring her down a little. It had ended up being her who had taken him by surprise instead! 
Ivor fell silent and he felt a little embarrassed. Bonnie was an expert tea master and exceptionally good at chess. To top it off, she had learned kickboxing from Cary and was his favorite apprentice. 
Any one of these accomplishments would have commanded immense respect from the entire world. 
It was abrupt, but he started to cast his mind back to the things she had said to him back then. 
He didn’t deserve her. 
It was beginning to look like she was right. Ivor was suddenly annoyed with himself. He had been condescending to her when he hadn’t known any better. 
“Let’s begin.” Bonnie sat by the chessboard. 
Ivor collected his thoughts and sat down. He directed all his focus on the game of chess. They played 
Chapter 41 
27 
several matches. He won and lost some of them. They even ended a few matches in stalemates. 
At one o’clock in the morning, Bonnie didn’t make a move after Ivor had ended his turn. When he raised his head, he found that she was asleep. She looked peaceful and her fair skin was tender beneath the light. 
He froze and stared at her for some time, oblivious to the fact that he was looking at her with a tenderness he didn’t know he had. 
The night was chilly. She could catch a cold if she slept like that. 
Ivor rose slowly and walked to her, wanting to wake her up. He could smell a pleasant scent as he leaned in close. It didn’t smell like perfume. Instead, it smelled like herbs. 
Confused, he lowered his head and leaned in closer. Then, her beautiful eyelashes caught his attention. They were long and curled at a charming angle. 
He lowered his gaze and stared at her lips. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 42
Chapter 42 
Her lips were moist and a blush pink. He could almost imagine just how sweet they must taste…. 
Ivor gulped. 
At that moment, Bonnie opened her eyes abruptly, and their gazes met. 
It was awkward. Ivor continued to lean in as if he was under her spell. They were so close to each other that their noses almost touched. It felt strange. 
“What are you doing?” She kept a clear head and backed off, trying to keep her distance from him. She looked at him, alarmed. 
He was startled at first, but collected himself and rose, “I was about to wake you. You might catch a cold, sleeping out here.” 
She studied him, but she didn’t discover anything funny from his expression. Then, she thought about the way he usually treated her and thought that maybe she was making something out of 
nothing. Anyway, there was no need to dwell on it anymore. 
Bonnie looked at the chessboard and realized they hadn’t finished the last match. 
Ivor said with concern, “I’m sorry. It’s my fault. I forgot about your SATS. You should probably go back to sleep. We’ll leave the chessboard as it is and continue the match after your SATs are over.” 
“That works for me.” With that, she left the room. Ivor looked at the closed door, then at his room, 
and felt a little empty inside. 
On the other hand, Bonnie had just gone into her room and switched on the light when she saw Jim standing by the window. She pursed her lips and said, “Looks like you’re coming and going as you please, but you better watch out. There are a lot of skilled men here at the Knight’s. We’ll never be able to explain ourselves if someone sees you climbing into my room in the middle of night.” 
“That’s because you’re the one who decided to come back to your room in the dead of night.” He frowned. “Why did you spend such a long time in Ivor’s room?” 
“We were playing chess.” 
“You’ve been playing chess until now?” 
“You wouldn’t understand. Let me put it this way. Our desire to play chess is just like your desire to spar. Do you remember how we met back then?” 
“I sure do.” He scratched the back of his head, embarrassed. He had wanted to spar with someone back then. Fate had brought him to her. He had pestered her and asked to spar with her ever since he found out she was a formidable fighter. 
“Trust me when I say there’s nothing for you to worry about. Hurry up and leave. If someone comes into my…” She was cut off by an abrupt rapping on her door. 
Chapter 42 
2/2 
‘Knock knock knock.‘ 
That surprised both of them. 
“Who is it?” Bonnie gestured to Jim to remain still. 
“It’s me.” She could hear Ivor’s deep voice. 
“What is it?” 
“You forgot your phone in my room. 
“Oh.” 
That seemed like a good reason for him to be here, which meant she had no excuse to stop him from coming in. If Jim jumped out of her window, Ivor would certainly hear the commotion, so she pointed to the restroom. Jim caught her meaning and hid in there. 
Ivor scanned her room with a deep stare when she opened the door. “What took you so long?” 
“I was just in the restroom,” She lied calmly. 
He looked at the restroom and said, “Why’s the restroom door closed if you were just in there?” 
Her heart pounded but she kept her face blank. “Force of habit.” 
Ivor kept staring at the restroom. He squinted and said lightly, “The toilet in my restroom wasn’t working. I’ll need to use yours.” He charged toward her restroom and swung the door open. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 43
Chapter 43 
But there was no one in the restroom. 
Ivor’s frown grew deeper. He thought he had heard a man’s voice in her room. Could he be overreacting? 
“I don’t need to use your restroom anymore. You should get some rest,” He said lightly. 
“Sure. Please close the door on your way out,” Bonnie said lightly too. 
Nothing was out of the ordinary. 
“Sure.” 
She rushed to the restroom the moment he left. Where was Jim? The window in the restroom could only open a little, and it was so small it wouldn’t have been possible for Jim to get out through it. 
Then, she heard a ‘Swoosh!‘ and Jim dropped from the ceiling. 
“That was a close one. I would’ve been caught if I hadn’t acted fast enough.” 
“You were lucky, but you shouldn’t act so rashly again.” She started to chase him out of her room. Alright. That’s all the time you have. Hurry up and go. Remember, don’t climb into my room unless it’s an emergency!” 
“Loud and clear.” Jim left, feeling dejected. 
Bonnie received a call from Vera the next morning. Her mother asked her to have breakfast over at their place. 
Bonnie had just left when Quenton stepped foot into the Knight premises. 
“Was what you said last night true, Mr. Ivor? Did that girl brew better tea than I did?” 
Ivor took a teapot from the fridge. There was still some tea left in it. “This must be stale now after last night, but I believe your keen senses will allow you to taste the brewing skill behind the tea nonetheless.” 
Quenton poured himself a cup of tea. His eyes glinted as he tasted it. “Spectacular! The taste of the tea leaves should have been lost after an entire night, but it tastes wonderful regardless. The key lies in the rich aroma. It surprisingly benefited from the cold brewing!” 
“Where’s the girl, Mr. Ivor? I have to see her!” 
“She’s just gone out. I’ll let you know as soon as she returns.” 
Quenton sat on the couch and said “I’m not going anywhere. In fact, I’ll do nothing until I meet her today.” He was an old man over sixty, but he looked as excited as a child who was refusing to leave the candy store until he got his candy. 
Chapter 43 
2/2 
Ivor fell into a deep thought. 
Bonnie’s tea brewing skill must be beyond his understanding for Quenton to react like this. She was just a young lady. How exactly did she learn all of these skills? The more he got to know her, the more mysterious she became 
His lips curled into a smile and he locked his gaze on the teapot the way a predator looked at its prey. 
At the Shepard’s place, Vera was filing her nails. She said nonchalantly, “Since you’re going to take your SATs tomorrow morning, you should stay here tonight, Bonnie. I’ll have Lorraine make your favorite food and make sure you eat well. I wouldn’t want you going around saying I treated you poorly.” 
Bonnie sneered. “It sounds like you’re doing all this not because you’re worried about me, but because you’re worried about being the butt of gossip.” 
“What kind of nonsense is that?!” Vera yelled angrily. Bonnie was right, and she had been exposed. 
“Am I wrong? I remember you made Trina’s food yourself when she was taking the SAT’s. But now that I’m the one taking them, you’re telling the servants to do it instead. You sounded condescending, 
too.” 
“Is that how you talk to your mother, Bonnie? She hasn’t been feeling well. Are you still going to ask her to prepare food for you herself? Are you really so heartless? That’s not how I raised you!” Gresham could stand it no longer, so he raised his voice and lectured her. 
Bonnie couldn’t be bothered to argue any further. It didn’t matter what she said or did. Her parents would always favor Trina over her. If she didn’t know any better, she would have thought she was the one who had been adopted. 
“If that’s all, I’m leaving.” 
“Look at you. Do you think you’re tough just because you’re an adult now? Are you really leaving just because I said something you didn’t like? Are you trying to give me a heart attack?” Furious, Gresham took a broom lying against the wall of the living room and moved to strike Bonnie with it. 
At that moment, Trina stepped forward and begged for Bonnie to be spared like the two–faced hypocrite she was. “Don’t hit her, Dad! She didn’t mean it. She was just born like that. Her SATs are tomorrow. You’ll affect her grades if you hit her. This is the most important test of her life! It’ll decide her entire future!” 
“I’ll affect her grades?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 44
Chapter 44 
“She’s always flunked her tests. How could I affect her grades?” Gresham was infuriated. 
“Do me a favor, Dad. Please stop being mad, okay? She’s been alone out there for a few days now. She must have had a hard time. Now that she’s finally back home, you’re going to hit her. What’s the public going to say about us?” 
And just like that, tears started rolling down Trina’s face. Gresham’s heart broke at the sight and he threw the broom aside. 
“Oh, Trina. You’re softhearted and way too kind. You defend Bonnie every time she makes a mistake, but she’s never appreciated it.” 
“I don’t mind. We’re family, and she’s my sister. I have to help her. It’s the right thing to do.” 
Vera hugged Trina, her eyes filled with love. “My dear Trina… You’re so thoughtful that you break my heart.” 
“I know you and Dad love me with all your heart, Mom. I’m just sorry I’m not your flesh and blood.” Trina sounded a little dejected and distressed. 
It was nauseating. 
Bonnie was well–versed in human psychology. She could tell at a glance that Trina wasn’t the least bit depressed or upset. Her eyes were shifty and her lips were stiff. She’d also touch her nose from time to time. All those microexpressions were clear indicators that she was just putting up an act. 
It was too bad that Ver they favored Trina! 
and Gresham were eating it all up. They couldn’t have made it clearer that 
“My wonderful child. We might not have given birth to you, but you are closer to us than anyone else could ever be, even our own daughter.” 
That brought more tears to Trina’s eyes. 
“That’s right, Trina. I’ll fight anyone who says you’re not my child. Here. Take my credit card and stop crying.” Gresham even comforted her by giving her his card. 
“Heh heh…” Bonnie’s abrupt sneer spoiled their touching family moment. 
“I told you. You have a favorite. You just won’t admit it. You said so yourself. She’s closer to you than your own daughter could ever be. You’re lucky I’m tough. Anyone else would have had a meltdown, or be so depressed they’d take the easy way out.” 
Vera and Gresham were displeased. They couldn’t deny that they had said that, so they couldn’t think of anything to say to Bonnie. 
But Trina refused to let her gain the upper hand. “Don’t blame Mom and Dad, Bonnie. They didn’t 
mean that. They were just…” 
Chapter 44 
3/2 
“Shut your trap!” Bonnie said disdainfully 
“Bonnic…” 
“I’ll cut out your tongue if you so much as say another word.” Bonnie made a snipping gesture with her hands. 
Vera couldn’t stand it anymore. “You’re being mean to Trina again, Bonnie! I’ll… 
“Did you ask me to come home just so you can bite my head off? Are you trying to make me flunk the SAT’s tomorrow? Alright, then. You’ll regret it if anything goes wrong with my grades.” 
Vera was stumped. She couldn’t think of a single thing to say to Bonnie. Gresham decided it wasn’t a good idea to speak too. 
Vera suppressed her anger and said, “Your grandparents are going to celebrate their seventieth birthday. Like I said before, you need to get their presents ready. Don’t embarrass us and make us the laughing stock of our relatives.” Then, she transferred five hundred dollars to Bonnie. 
How ridiculous, Bonnie thought. Vera said she didn’t want to be the laughing stock, but she had only given her five hundred dollars. She looked at her mother coldly and said lightly, “I’m curious about something. How much did you give Trina to buy a present?” 
“So you’re jealous of Trina, as always. She’s way more mature than you are. I tried to give her some 
money, 
but she refused. She’s saved up enough to buy a present herself. She’s a good girl. You can learn something from her.” 
Bonnie quickly understood what was going on. Her lips curled into a smile and she transferred the money back to Vera. 
“What’s the meaning of this? Wasn’t that enough?” Vera gave her a sidelong glance. She was about to yell at Bonnie when she saw the money. It was fifty thousand dollars. 
“Will you look at that? I refused your money, and I’ve given you fifty thousand dollars. You can go ahead and buy a present on my behalf. What do you think? Am I better than Trina? Am I more mature than her too?” Bonnie raised her eyes and looked at Vera. 
Vera’s eyes widened, “Where did you get this money? Be honest with me, Bonnie. Have you done something illegal? Please don’t tell me you’ve become someone’s mistress…. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 45
Chapter 45 
Vera was cut off by Bonnie’s fierce stare before she could finish. She suddenly felt as if her life was at 
risk. 
Rage built up in Bonnie, but it went away as fast as it came. “You sure do have a way with words. If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought you were my enemy, not my mom.” 
Vera felt a little awkward. It was true. They didn’t like Bonnie, but she was still their flesh and blood. It must have been humiliating for Bonnie to be accused of something like that without proof. 
But that didn’t mean Vera would apologize. Instead, she said begrudgingly, “There’s no need to get upset, Bonnie. I was just worried that you might have fallen for some kind of scam. Tell me the truth. Where did you get this money?” 
“I worked for it.” Bonnie didn’t want to waste another second with them, so she rose and said, “I’m leaving. My SATs are tomorrow.” 
Vera couldn’t help but sigh as Bonnie left. She looked at Gresham and said, “Do you think she’ll be able to go to a third–rate college at least? What will I tell my family if she fails to do even that?” 
He sighed as well. He looked frustrated and said, “I’m thinking the same thing. My brothers and their families will rub it in our face if she can’t get into college.” 
o worry Trina took Vera’s arm in one hand and Gresham’s in another. “I don’t think you have to about her, Mom. Dad. I know Bonnie will get into one of the third–rate colleges. She won’t embarrass you.” 
But even though she said that, she was sure that Bonnie would flunk the test. She was going to make a big deal out of it and ensure that all the wealthy families in Pyralis found out. 
That way, Vera and Gresham would continue to love her and only her, even though they hadn’t given. birth to her. Bonnie would never have a place in the Shepard family! 
na were 
Halle and chatting in the car. 
“I heard something, Rowena. Master Quenton is at the villa. He’s a world–renowned tea master and he doesn’t come here often. I know you love tea brewing, so you have to convince him to take you under his wing.” 
“You have a point. I asked him to take me in as his apprentice, but he rejected me last time. I went on to hone my tea brewing skills for an entire year after that. I’ll definitely get his respect this time.” 
When they arrived at Knight Villa, they saw a cab pulling up. They exchanged glances when they saw it. No one besides Bonnie would hail a cab like a penniless commoner. 
Bonnie saw Halle and Rowena when she got out of the car, but she ignored them and went straight 
into the villa. 
Chapter 45 
2/2 
“What’s wrong with her? I can’t believe she went in without so much as a greeting. How uncivilized. I can’t take it. I need to teach her a lesson. I won’t stand for this!” Halle started to charge at Bonnie when Rowena grabbed her arm. 
“She just came back, Halle. Do you think she’s here for Master Quenton as well?” 
“She’s a nobody. No way Master Quenton would even bother to look at her!” 
“But… What if Ivor put in a word for her? Do you think Master Quenton would…?” Rowena said 
uncasily. 
Halle was stunned for a while before saying nastily, “You have a point. I’m going to give that penniless b*** a warning so strong that she’ll keep her mouth shut! 
She took a few brisk steps and blocked Bonnie’s path. “Hold it right there, Bonnie!” 
Bonnie looked at her coldly. “What?” 
ng to become 
Halle glared at her and said, “Let me make something clear. Rowena is the one who’s Master Quenton’s apprentice. If you so much as ask Ivor to put in a good word for you and sway Master Quenton’s decision, I’ll make you regret it!” 
Rowena came over and said, “I’ve admired Master Quenton for a long time, Bonnie. I started learning how to brew tea a year ago just so I could become his apprentice one day. This is a big deal for me. I’ll give you a million dollars if you stand back.” She sounded very condescending. 
Master Quenton? 
Bonnie was puzzled, but then she remembered Ivor’s text. The tea master would like to discuss teat brewing with her. 
Huh? Was that the same Quenton who had a comparatively inferior tea brewing skill and begged her to take him under her wing? 
Surprise, surprise. It looked like his meager tea brewing skill was popular out here. 
Bonnie looked at Halle and Rowena with a strange expression on her face and said, “Don’t worry. I’ll 
stand back.” 
“If you won’t agree, then I’ll…” Halle was starting to threaten her when she realized that Bonnie had agreed to stand back. 
That was smart of her. 
Halle and Rowena let out a sigh of relief. Then, they hurried over to the entrance of the villa. 
“That b*** is being smart today.” Halle was relieved. 
Rowena laughed coldly, “Of course. It’s a million dollars we’re talking about. She has nothing. I bet she’s never seen money like this in her life.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 46
Chapter 46 
Halle and Rowena were busy mocking Bonnie as they made their way to the entrance. 
Bonnie was right behind them. 
Meanwhile, Quenton could barely contain himself in the living room. “Where is the lady who brewed this tea?” Immediately after that, he saw Ivor turning to look at the entrance. 
Ivor’s gaze, which had been cold and dark, turned soft as he said, “Here she is.” 
Quenton jumped up, looked at the entrance, and said as his beard trembled, “It’s you?!” 
Rowena had just stepped foot into the entrance when she saw an excited Quenton. 
Was it possible that Master Quenton really wanted to take her on as his apprentice because he knew just how much she had improved over the past year? 
She flashed a sweet smile and was about to introduce herself to him when he walked right past her and straight toward Bonnie. 
“It’s really you, Master Bonnie! Just as I thought. If anyone can brew tea made by Mariage Frères so masterfully, it must be you!” Quenton said admiringly. 
Rowena was shocked and gawked at them. Halle’s jaw dropped so far it almost hit the ground. Did they hear him right?! 
Master Quenton was a VIP of the Knight family. Rowena wanted the renowned tea master to take her on as his apprentice. And here he was, showing immense respect to Bonnie, who was a nobody. It looked like Bonnie knew her way around tea brewing too. 
Ivor trained his gaze on Bonnie when he saw Quenton’s reaction. He stared at her sharply as if he was trying to see through her. 
“It’s been a while, Quenton.” Bonnie greeted him. Her tone shocked everyone present! 
Quenton was a prestigious tea master, and that was how she talked to him? She didn’t even use his title of “Master‘! 
Rowena was delighted at this development. As she started to call Bonnie out for speaking so rudely, Quenton spoke. “I threw myself wholeheartedly into the art of tea brewing, Master Bonnie. I dare say I’ve made great strides. Will you take me under your wing now?” 
He was asking to become her apprentice?! 
Ivor knew Bonnie had great tea brewing skills, but he couldn’t hold back his shock when he saw what was going on. 
Halle was shocked beyond words too. It took her a while to find her voice and she stuttered, Rowena. D–Do you still want to become M–Master Quenton’s a–apprentice?” 
“R 
Chapter 46 
2/2 
If she did, she would prove herself inferior to Bonnie! 
Rowena’s jaw was about to drop. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she said, “Let’s go,” so softly that only the two of them could hear it. 
She couldn’t bear to stay here a second longer! Bonnie might not have said anything, but her mere presence was an insult to her! 
So, Halle and Rowena left, feeling dejected. 
Bonnie, on the other hand, didn’t even realize they had left. She talked about the art of tea brewing with Quenton at length and rejected his request to become her apprentice again. 
The only one who had benefited from this was Ivor. He sat there, sipping his tea, and watched quietly as both tea masters exchanged their takes on the art. 
Ivor drove Bonnie to the exam venue himself the next morning. “Don’t be nervous about the SATS. Just be yourself.” 
“Sure. Thanks for driving me here. I won’t be nervous.” Bonnie had told him the truth, but he thought she was just trying to boost her confidence. 
“I’ve heard about your bet with your family. I’ll find a way to send you to Pyralis University no matter the test result. As for the Best Scholar Award, I’m afraid…” He might be wealthy, but even he couldn’t get her that. 
“I’ll definitely get the Best Scholar Award.” Bonnie got out of the car and made a phone call. 
The principal of Pyralis University was in his office, taking a sip of tea when he received a phone call from Bonnie. When he saw who was calling, he rushed to answer the call. 
“Are you going to take over the university at last, Bonnie? All you have to do is come over and I’ll get the procedures done. You’ll become principal of Pyralis University with immediate effect!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 47
Chapter 47 
“Let’s just forget about that. It’s too much trouble.” 
That 
brought the principal down. “You can go ahead and hang up now then.” 
Bonnie remained quiet for a while before saying, “I have something important to tell you.” 
“Have you changed your mind?” 
“No.” 
“I’m going to hang up now.” 
She remained quiet again. The principal might not be interested in what she had to say, but he didn’t hang up the phone either. “What is it?” 
“Here’s a tip. Stop letting wealthy kids into your university through unconventional ways. It’s affecting your institution’s reputation.” Ged told her once that his grandfather was the principal of Pyralis University. He could pull some strings to get her in. Ivor had said the exact same thing too. 
The principal wondered how Bonnie had the time to worry herself about something so trivial, but he nodded. “You’re right. I can no longer afford to turn a blind eye to this. The longer I ignore it, the more it’ll encourage people to enroll their children illegitimately,” 
He gave the order to his men to take care of this matter. The university released an official announcement on their social media account. 
“Pyralis University will screen its applicants more strictly…” The subtext was that no illegitimate 
means would be tolerated. 
This announcement shocked not only the city of Pyralis but the whole of Arvandor. It was true that it was no easy feat to enroll in Pyralis University, but they had always reserved three slots for those who were willing to pay. 
get her 
What was with the sudden change? 
Ivor read the official announcement with a deep frown. He had just promised Bonnie he could. into that university. Now, it was going to be hard. 
use their 
This didn’t just affect Ivor. Every parent who wanted to pay their way to enrollment or use connections to get their children into university was worried sick. They were very concerned and tried to find out what on earth had happened. 
Why the sudden change? 
But nobody knew that it was because of Bonnie. 
When Trina saw the news, she couldn’t have been happier about it. She had been a little worried that Dad and Mom would use some of their connections to enroll Bonnie into Pyralis University to protect 
their reputation. 
Chapter 47 
212 
But now, everything was working in her favor. Bonnie, that plece of trash, was going to get it now. 
Any fool could study hard and get into university, but she knew that Bonnie would never be able to pull it off! 
The SATs started as scheduled. 
As the test drew to an end, Bonnie walked out of the venue and saw a Maybach parked across the road. As she walked over, the car door opened. Ivor got down and held out an umbrella for her. 
The women around them were green with envy. A hot guy was meeting Bonnie and treating her well after she had finished the SATs, It seemed like she had won the game of life. 
Bonnie even heard one of them muttering, “Heh. All she cares about is dating. I’m sure she’s going to do poorly in the SATS!” 
Excuse me, but I’ll be the highest scorer in the SATs, she thought.. 
“When did you get here?” 
“I never left.” Ivor said. He handed her a milkshake. She saw that it was a banana milkshake, her 
favorite. 
“Don’t you always say that milkshakes aren’t good for us?” 
“Well, you like it. I guess it’s okay to indulge ourselves sometimes.” 
She took a sip and enjoyed it a lot. Ivor kept staring at her. She looked like an adorable kitten lapping at milk. She was being more ladylike than she had ever been. 
She saw him reach out to her with his slender fingers as she finished drinking the milkshake. They were very fair, but callused. 
He wiped her mouth. It tingled. Her eyes widened. This felt strange. 
Ivor noticed and smiled slightly. A flash of humor was visible in his deep eyes. 
“What are you doing?” Bonnie collected herself and asked him. 
“I’m wiping off some milkshake from your face.” He replied sternly. His tone made her feel like he had taken advantage of her, but she couldn’t think of a way to respond. 
It was a little frustrating, and she wasn’t happy about it. So, she got in the car without saying another word and rested her eyes. 
Suddenly, Ivor offered her a slice of cake. She was startled at first, but when she took a look at it, she was pleasantly surprised. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 48
Chapter 48 
Ivor had bought a tiramisu cake from her favorite bakery. This was the best flavor of all the cakes 
there. 
It was a very famous bakery that sold limited quantities of cake every day. The tiramisu flavor was especially popular. He might have sent his assistant to buy it, but still, it must have been troublesome 
for him. 
“How did you know this was my favorite flavor?” 
a 
“I took a wild guess,” He said with a smirk. 
No way that was true. 
“It’s nice and fresh. Hurry up and eat it.” 
Bonnie was a little mad that he had teased her earlier, but it would be a waste if she didn’t eat the tiramisu. She stabbed a piece and put it into her mouth. 
She enjoyed it a lot, even more than the banana milkshake. 
“How were the SATs?” Ivor frowned. 
Bonnie was humble. “If everything goes right, I’ll have a perfect score.” 
Ivor put a hand to his forehead, but decided not to make her feel bad after thinking about it. It didn’t matter if she didn’t do well in the SAT’s. He’d find a way to help her. 
“Okay. You should go back and get some rest.” 
Bonnie looked at Ivor and knew that he didn’t believe her, but she wasn’t bothered. Everything would be revealed when they announced the test results. 
Back at her place, she wanted to get some rest when it suddenly occurred to her that her grandparents 
birthday party was this weekend. They loved Orson’s paintings. 
If she remembered correctly, his paintings fetched a high price. One of his pieces would make the perfect present. In any case, it would be a piece of cake for her to get her hands on one. She made a call 
to Kay. 
“You found the time to call me, Master! Did you call to tell me you’ll teach me more kickboxing? It has to be! Where are you? I’ll come to you now!” 
Bonnie slapped her forehead when she heard how eager Kay was. 
“I’ll teach you some kickboxing later. I’m calling you because I need a favor.” 
That made Kay more excited. “A favor? Go ahead and tell me what it is, Master. I’ll travel to the deepest depths of hell for you! 
“There’s no need to do that. I just want your grandfather to paint me something. My grandparents 
Chapter 48 
2/3 
are about to celebrate their birthdays and they’re both fans of his.” 
“Alright. Leave it to me! What about the theme, Master…?” 
Time flew by and the weekend arrived. Bonnie went to her grandparents‘ birthday party with a present in hand. Her cousins surrounded her the moment she stepped foot into the hall. 
“The SATS results are out today, Bonnie. How did it go? What’s your score?” Fernanda asked her mockingly. 
The results were out? 
Bonnie was stunned. She had forgotten about it. It wasn’t like she was careless. It was just that the SAT’s were too easy and she had been thinking about how to make a breakthrough in her research for the past few days. She simply didn’t have time to think about the SATS. 
It was easy to let something she already had a handle on slip her mind. 
“Her score? You have too high an opinion of Bonnie, Fernanda. She’s always flunked her tests,” Ysabel said, looking at Bonnie scornfully. She was arrogant and liked to boast. 
“I don’t think she flunked it. She must have gotten some of it right.” 
“I think she did flunk it.” 
Vera heard all this and felt extremely embarrassed. She stood far away from Bonnie and pretended that she didn’t know their relatives were making fun of her. 
“Never mind the SATS, Bonnie. What did you get for Grandpa and Grandma? We’ve given them our presents already. Trina gave them a horoscope statue that’s worth a hundred thousand dollars.” 
“I have something.” Bonnie took out the painting scroll. Ysabel laughed before she could open it. 
“Hahaha. Is this really happening? Did you paint something for Grandpa and Grandma with your own hands, Bonnie? How tacky!” 
“Good grief. If I didn’t know any better, I would have thought your family was broke. This is a present for our grandparents, after all. You sure were mindful of the cost. This is hilarious!” 
The surrounding guests couldn’t help but burst into laughter. Bonnie ignored them and walked over to her grandparents, Harold and Yolanda. 
“Happy birthday, Grandpa. Grandma.” She gave them the painting. Harold and Yolanda were extremely displeased. They had heard the exchange between Bonnie and the rest. 
Many guests 
represent at th 
party. If she really had painted something herself, they would be 
greatly humiliated! 
Gresham’s daughter was beyond redemption! She had really embarrassed them! 
They shouldn’t have welcomed Bonnie back from the suburbs. Trina might not be their real granddaughter, but they’d much prefer her over Bonnie. 
Chapter 48 
“Okay. You can put it aside and…” 
11 
Out of nowhere, someone cut Harold off and said mischievously, “Bonnie made that for you, Grandpa. No matter how bad it is, you should take a look!” 
Chapter 49 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 49
Chapter 49 
Fernanda spoke innocently. It seemed like she was speaking up for Bonnie, but she just wanted to make Bonnie look bad. The others wanted to see how Bonnie was going to embarrass herself too, so they all chimed in. 
“That’s right! She’s your granddaughter. It doesn’t matter if she did a good job or not. You have to look at it. Otherwise, Ms. Bonnie will feel bad. 
Vera gave Bonnie a look, hinting at her to tuck the painting away so she wouldn’t embarrass all of them. But Bonnie didn’t notice her mother at all. She said lightly, “Maybe I should open up the painting for you, Grandpa.” 
Gresham and Vera regretted not preparing a gift for Bonnie to give her grandparents. 
They were in for it now. Everyone was going to mock Gresham and his family for being tacky after what happened today! They should never have let Bonnie attend the birthday party. T 
Ysabel was faster. She was worried Bonnie would realize what was going on, so she quickly unrolled the painting. 
Everyone was stunned and drew a sharp breath when they saw the painting! 
“I–Is this a painting by Master Orson?” 
“Do you mean Orson Steele, whose paintings can sell for tens of millions of dollars?” 
“Seriously? Are my eyes fooling me? Master Orson stopped painting for the public a long time ago! He only paints for the people close to him!” 
Gresham’s eyes widened in surprise. “How is this possible?” 
Vera looked at the painting and rubbed her eyes over and over again. 
“This is his personal seal!” Ysabel’s hands trembled uncontrollably.. His paintings used to go for fifty million dollars! If she had spoiled the painting, she wouldn’t have been able to pay for it. 
Trina grew angry when she saw how everyone had been shocked by Bonnie’s gift. 
It was impossible. How could a nobody like her have a painting from Master Orson? It must be at 
counterfeit. 
Before everyone could recover from the shock, Trina said in a worried tone, “How could you make a counterfeit painting and give it to Grandpa and Grandma to make yourself look good? 
“I know you want to make them happy, but this is a dishonest way to do that. It puts me, Mom, and Dad to shame. More importantly, Master Orson will be mad if he heard about this. You’ll drag the entire family down with you!” 
Then, it hit everyone. That was right! Bonnie was a girl from the suburbs. There was no way she’d know Orson. She wouldn’t have the money to pay for it or the connections to get in touch with him. 
Chapter 49 
This must be a counterfeit painting! 
All the Shepards regarded Bonnie with furious, hateful stares. 
2/2 
“How could you do this, Bonnie? You’ll drag the entire family into trouble because of your pride.” 
“That’s right. We’re one of the wealthy families of Pyralis, but there’s no way we’re in the same league as the Steeles. They could crush us easily! How dare you make a counterfeit! This is insolence!” 
Grant, the second son of the Shepard family, looked at Gresham and said, “I told you. You shouldn’t have taken her back in. She’s spent a long time in the suburbs, so her character is questionable at best. 
“But you two didn’t listen to me. Look at where we are now. She’s made a huge mess, and she’s about to drag the whole family down with her! You should just kick her out of the family and be done with it!” 
Gresham and Vera were infuriated. They glared at Bonnie and had a strong urge to slap her. When Hadwin saw what happened, he felt relieved that he had called off the wedding with Bonnie. If she had really ended up being his fiancé and offended Master Orson, the Rhodes family would be caught 
in the crossfire too! 
The guests muttered among themselves. 
“This is such bad luck. I can’t believe we have a walking disaster in the family.” 
“You said it. If I had a daughter like her, I would have grounded her in the house for the rest of her life 
so she couldn’t embarrass us.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong. I would have choked her to death the moment she was born. What a jinx!” 
“I always thought I had it rough! My son’s always fooling around and can’t hold down a job. He only knows how to spend money on girls. But now that I see the kind of daughter Gresham has, I feel relieved.” 
Trina looked triumphant when she saw that everyone was letting Bonnie have it. She composed herself and looked at Bonnie again. “Hurry up and apologize to Grandpa and Grandma, Bonnie. Ask them to forgive you.” 
Bonnie looked at her indifferently. “Why should I apologize when this isn’t a counterfeit?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 50
Chapter 50 
“B***!‘ Harold smacked his hand on the desk and glared at Bonnie, enraged, “You gave us a counterfeit but you’re still trying to act like you’re right? You’ve gone too far!” 
“There, there. Don’t be mad, Grandpa. Mind your health. That’s just how Bonnie is. It’s not worth jeopardizing your health over this.” Trina went over to Harold quickly and patted his back lightly. 
Yolanda was infuriated as well. She gritted her teeth, stepped forward, and tore the painting to pieces before throwing it into a nearby trash can. 
Trina was feeling better about herself now. 
Bonnie had gone through all that trouble to gain favor with their grandparents and everyone else, but it didn’t matter in the end. All she had to do was use a little trick, and it had rendered her efforts useless. There was no way a nobody could ever get the best of the rich! 
But Trina pretended to be worried and tried to resolve the issue at hand. “This is big, Grandpa, Grandma. You should tell everyone to keep this to themselves so Master Orson won’t find out about it. The Steeles probably wouldn’t hold us responsible as long as we keep it under wraps.” 
“That’s right. I was so mad I almost forgot. It’s a good thing you thought about it, Trina!” Harold looked at her gratefully and turned to make an announcement. 
“I hope all you’ll all do me a favor and refrain from spreading tonight’s incident around. You’ll have my thanks for that, everyone. 
Η 
“There’s no need for that, Mr. Harold. We won’t say a word about what happened tonight. 
“Exactly! This all just boils down to an ignorant child not knowing any better. But it might lead to disaster if you don’t handle it properly. We’ll keep this a secret for you this time, but I can’t make the same promise if it happens again. 
“You have to discipline her. There are all kinds of big shots here in Pyralis. What will you do if she gets you in bigger trouble? It might not be that easy to solve the problem next time!” 
went on. 
The Shepards grew even more scared as the guests wer 
Bonnie was bewildered. Everyone was out of their minds. She had just said the painting was the real deal. Wasn’t it a disaster when Yolanda tore up the painting? Why were they giving her such a hard time? 
She said helplessly, “I told you the painting was genuine, Grandpa, but you went ahead and destroyed it. You’re in the wrong here.” 
Everyone in the hall was stunned at what she said. Harold was so mad he almost passed out. He raised his hand. “Bonnie Shepard. I’m going to slap you so hard, you’ll…‘ 
Η 
Suddenly, someone exclaimed from outside the door, “Master Orson of the Steele family is here!” 
Silence tell in the hall immediately. 
“Master Orson? Is that the same Master Orson we were just talking about?” 
eriously? Master Orson is a prestigious man. None of us here could possibly reach someone of his status even if we wanted to What’s he doing here?” 
Soon, Orson appeared with his granddaughter, Kay, in tow. 
“Good grief! It really is Master Orson!” 
“What’s he doing in a place like this? Is this a dream?” 
“Well, it’s Harold and Yolanda’s birthday today. Could Master Orson be here to attend their party?” 
“If that’s the case, he must really respect Harold!” 
Harold and Yolanda stood up in excitement and shock. Had Master Orson come here to attend their party? They had never met him before, though! 
But if he wasn’t here to celebrate their birthday, there was no reason for him to be here. 
“Master Orson!” Harold couldn’t be bothered with Bonnie anymore. He went over to welcome Orson. His hands were trembling and he could barely walk. 
“Thanks for the invitation, Harold.” Orson burst into laughter. 
Had Master Orson just called him by his first name? 
Harold was pleasantly surprised as the guests looked at him in jealousy. 
“I’ve come to attend you and your wife’s birthday party, Harold. I painted something for you. I was supposed to give it to you personally, but I think your granddaughter, Master Bonnie, has already given it to you. I have some other gifts with me. I hope you’ll like them!” 
Everyone was shocked and cast glances at Bonnie. 
Harold’s mouth opened wide, and there was a humming in his head. He stuttered and asked, “E- Excuse me, Master Orson. D–Did you just say Master Bonnie…? 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 51
Chapter 51 
Kay spotted Bonnie among the crowd and ran over before Orson could answer the question. “I’ve mastered a few of the moves you showed me, Master. I’ll show you in a while.” 
“Okay.” Bonnie nodded. 
Everyone in the crowd was utterly shocked! 
Had Orson really addressed Bonnie as Master? That couldn’t be right! 
Hadwin looked at her incredulously, his mind churning. 
Orson approached Bonnie and bowed slightly. “It’s been a long time, Master Bonnie.” 
She nodded politely. “I’m sorry to have troubled you.” 
“It’s no trouble at all, Master Bonnie. I’d be more than happy to paint ten pieces for you as a present for your grandparents!” 
Everyone was shocked again! 
There was no doubt about it. Orson had really addressed her as Master! 
Wait a minute! 
Everyone looked at the torn painting that had been thrown in the trash and rubbed their palms 
eagerly. 
Yolanda in particular wore an expression of disbelief. She had torn the painting to pieces! 
Harold called Bonnie over after he showed Orson and Kay to their seats. “Tell me now, Bonnie! What on earth is this? How did you meet Master Orson?” Everyone surrounded the two of them, eager to 
hear her answer. 
“Oh. It all happened on a fine morning…” Bonnie recounted the tale briefly. 
“What? You kickbox?” Vera looked at her incredulously. 
“Mm–hmm. I practiced it for a while.” 
“When did you start? I’ve never heard of this!” 
“I learned it from my master in the hills when I used to stay in the suburbs.” 
Everyone unanimously jumped to the conclusion that she probably picked up kickboxing from some random old man in the suburbs, and was just fortunate that Orson happened to like kickboxing as well. He probably liked her because she was young and knew a little kickboxing- 
There was no way she was proficient at it. She probably knew some run–of–the–mill moves, at most. 
“Why did Kay address you as her master?” 
Chapter 51 
212 
“She wanted to learn kickboxing from me.” She answered. 
Everyone thought that Bonnie had probably tricked Kay into thinking she was great at it. After all, she was young. There was no way she was that good at kickboxing. 
“Forget about the kickboxing! I have a question for you. Did Master Orson paint that?” Harold 
pointed at the torn painting in the trash can, agitated. 
Bonnie raised her brow and said, “Yeah. He said so himself. He painted it.” 
“Good gracious…” Harold couldn’t catch his breath. 
“Are you alright, Grandpa?!” Trina tried to comfort Harold at once. Then, she started to blame 
Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 52
Chapter 52 
“Why didn’t you say anything, Bonnie? Look at what you did to poor Grandpa. Did you even think about Grandma? She…” 
Bonnie cut her off. “Do you remember who tried to say the painting was a counterfeit? Who led e painting was a counterfeit? Who led everyone down that train of thought? Do you think everyone’s forgotten about that? Or do you think we’re all fools?” 
Just like that, Trina became the target. 
“That’s right! I knew it was a genuine painting the moment I laid eyes on it, but Trina claimed it was a counterfeit. That led me to think that Bonnie couldn’t have known Master Orson, so how could she have gotten her hands on a painting of his? It was utter nonsense!” 
“It’s the same for me too. This is all Trina’s fault. Yolanda wouldn’t have gotten so mad and torn up the painting if it wasn’t for her! It was worth fifty million dollars! And it’s gone now.” 
“Come on. Do you think it’s about the fifty million dollars? It’s virtually impossible to get your hands on a painting by Master Orson, no matter how much you’re willing to pay. 
“A lot of wealthy elites went through great trouble to get a piece of his, and there was no guarantee they would get anything. Bonnie must have called in a great favor to get one for Harold and Yolanda. But unfortunately, it’s gone now.” 
“Hush. Master Orson can’t find out about this. If he does, he might be furious. What will happen to the Shepard family, then?” 
Harold and Yolanda still hadn’t gotten over the fact that Master Orson’s painting had been torn up when they heard these discussions about the family’s fate. Colour drained from their faces. 
This was all Trina’s fault! 
Trina recoiled in fear and pretended to act vulnerable while she cursed Bonnie to high heaven. 
“This was all your fault, Bonnie! You put me through this embarrassment. Just you wait and see. I’m going to humiliate you in front of Master Orson.‘ 
The party was still ongoing when Trina went to Bonnie and deliberately said, “The SAT results are out. I’m worried about you, Bonnie. Can you get into college?” 
“Do you think she can? You’d have better odds at winning the lottery!” Fernanda pouted and looked 
at Bonnie. 
“Well, I sure hope she can get into college.” 
“Just forget about it. There’s no way she could pull that off.” Fernanda said confidently. 
“How are you so sure?” 
Fernanda rolled her eyes, “You’re such an idiot! They announced the results today. Bonnie must have 
Chapter 52 
checked them, but she hasn’t said a word about it. That proves she flunked!! 
2/2 
“Not necessarily! She could have forgotten about it or gotten the dates mixed up. To be honest, I’m. pretty confident she did well in the SATS. 
“You might not know this, but she moved out of the house just to study for it. I’m sure she studied. hard. Who knows? She might surprise everyone with her scores!! 
“I’ll peel my own skin off if she did well on the test. It’s a pity she won’t talk about it. Nobody knows how she did.” 
Trina hesitated for a few seconds before saying, “I know her student ID. We can check it.” 
“Really?” Fernanda’s eyes glinted. 
“Here it is.” Trina took her phone out and showed it to Fernanda. She had snuck into Bonnie’s room and gotten her student ID just so she could check her SAT scores. 
“Haha! Let’s do it now. You know what? Let’s project her SAT scores onto the big screen. Didn’t she declare she could get into Pyralis University?” 
“We shouldn’t do that, Fernanda! Let’s just check it ourselves. We don’t have to put it onto the big screen!” Trina said, not intending to stop her cousin at all. 
Suddenly, Fernanda took the microphone and said, “Can I have your attention please, everyone. Bonnie said she could get into Pyralis University. I have her student ID in my hands. Let’s all witness this critical moment. Let’s see if she can really get into the university.” 
Bonnie was listening to Kay’s ramblings when she heard Fernanda and raised her head to look at the big screen. Fernanda had logged into the website to check the SAT scores. She was keying in her student ID and name. 
Gresham and Vera wished they could run away right there and then. The other guests, however, were eager to see how this would turn out. 
Fernanda finished typing in the necessary details and clicked ‘Enter.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 53
Chapter 53 
Bonnie had a full score on the SATs! That meant she was going to win the Best Scholar Award! 
Everyone was rooted to the spot and could not move an inch. It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. 
“No, no, no. This can’t be true. I must have typed in the wrong information. This has to be someone else’s score,” Fernanda stuttered and stared at the big screen. 
But Bonnie’s name was displayed on the big screen, clear as day. 
Maybe it was a different person with the same name? 
Fernanda dismissed the thought as soon as it popped up. Trina had given her the student ID. It had to 
be Bonnie. 
Trina was enraged. She clenched her hands on her outfit. 
Impossible… What gave Bonnie the right? How could she get a perfect score? Bonnie was supposed to be a nobody, someone she could insult for an eternity! 
“Have we underestimated Bonnie?” Hadwin had a complicated expression on his face. 
Trina turned her head toward him and watched as his eyes traveled from the big screen to Bonnie. There was no longer disdain in his eyes. Instead, he was scanning her with mild interest. 
Trina was agitated and full of hate. She had jumped through hoops to nab Hadwin from Bonnie and she wasn’t about to let Bonnie take him away from her! 
Awesome, Bonnie. This is really surprising. You said Bonnie always skipped classes and flunked her tests, Hadwin. How do you think she managed to pull this off?” 
Trina deliberately put it in a way that would mislead Hadwin. Just like that, he looked at her smugly 
and said, “I’m guessing she cheated. She’s a nobody. How else could she have won the Best Scholar Award? The authorities will probably get her very soon to revoke her status as the winner and ban her 
for life.” 
That would be the best possible outcome! She couldn’t wait for that to happen. 
Gresham and Vera could hardly recover from the shock. When they finally came to their senses, they heard Trina and Hadwin’s exchange. So, it turned out Bonnie had cheated on the SAT. 
What were they going to do now? They’d be mortified if an investigation confirmed what she had 
done! 
With that in mind, they went over to Bonnie. “Tell us the truth. Did you cheat?” 
Bonnie thought they wouldn’t suspect her of anything now, since the results were clear for everyone to see. However, they were still choosing not to believe her. 
“Are you going to buy whatever Trina throws at you? What do you think the SATs are? Do you think 
Chapter 53 
the teachers wouldn’t notice any cheating? Do you think it’s so easy to cheat and get a full score?” 
Harold knew what she was saying. It was just hard to accept that Bonnie had won the Best Scholar 
Award. 
2/2 
When Trina saw that Bonnie had once again gained the upper hand, she was so agitated she almost tore at her outfit. But there was no responding to Bonnie’s flawless explanation! 
“Well done, Bonnie. You’ve finally made us proud.” Harold thought it over and decided to pat Bonnie 
on the shoulder. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 54
Chapter 54 
“You did a good job on the SATS, Bonnie. We haven’t made you any good food yet. Tell me your favorite food and I’ll make it myself.” Vera went along with Harold, 
Trina glared at Bonnie. It wasn’t just Gresham and Vera. Even Hadwin was looking at Bonnie differently now that she had explained herself. 
She couldn’t let this go on. She had to do something 
“Congratulations, Bonnie! I have no idea how you did it. Maybe it was luck, or maybe you just happened to study the bits that were part of the SATs. 
“In any case, you did it. You’re free to take any of my jewelry to celebrate your success.” 
“How thoughtful, Trina!” Gresham and Vera looked at her happily. 
But Bonnie looked at Trina indifferently. She had to give it to Trina. She might be more intelligent than her, but she could never be as much of a b*** as Trina was. 
al, everyone form 
Look at her! As soon as she said about the way she had led them down the wrong train of thought. 
“Yeah, she’s so thoughtful that she accused me of bringing a counterfeit. Grandma even tore it up. She’s so thoughtful that she gave Fernanda my student ID and embarrassed me in front of everyone.” 
Trina was shocked beyond words. Gresham and Vera were tense, their faces stiff. 
“D–Don’t try to accuse me of something, Bonnie. I didn’t give Fernanda your student ID. Try asking her. You’ll see.” 
Fernanda was prepared to defend Trina because she had given her word, but Bonnie spoke before she 
could. 
“Think before you speak, Fernanda. Are you sure you want to clean up Trina’s mess? How would you have known my student ID if Trina hadn’t given it to you? Are you going to tell me that you sneaked in my room to get it?” 
Fernanda could think of nothing to say. 
“If you have stolen it, I’ll have to call the police.” Bonnie took out her phone. 
Fernanda’s eyes widened. “What a load of crap! How would I have done that? Trina gave 
it to me!” 
Gresham and Vera whipped their heads around to look at Trina, their eyes full of shock. Trina had always been a good girl. They couldn’t believe she had done that! 
“I–I didn’t…” Trina was in a full–on panic now. “Mom, Dad, I can explain…” 
“How are you going to do that? Are you going to say Fernanda lied?” There was a hint of mockery in Bonnie’s eyes. 
Chapter 54 
2/2 
“I didn’t lie! Trina gave me Bonnie’s student ID, I swear!” Fernanda tried to clear her name 
immediately. 
Tears started falling from Trina’s eyes. “How could you say that, Fernanda? I gave it to you because you told me you wouldn’t tell a soul. You were the one who wanted to reveal her score to everyone. I told you to keep it between us, but you insisted on projecting it on the big screen.” 
“Yeah. You’re right. I wanted to project it on the big screen. But could I have done that if you hadn’t given me her student ID? It all comes back to you, Trina/ 
“That’s too much, Fernanda!” 
“I’m too much? Don’t you think you’re too much? At the end of the day, Bonnie’s your sister. I know she isn’t really related to you, but you’re in the same family. Whenever you humiliate her, you humiliate the entire family too, including yourself. Is that so hard to understand? 
“The way I see it, you understand perfectly. You just don’t care. You gave me her student ID on purpose because you wanted to humiliate her.” 
Trina had to admit that Fernanda had hit home. 
She was shocked to the core and stole a glance at Gresham and Vera. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
Choler 54 
“I didn’t lie! Trina gave me Bonnie’s student ID, I swear!” Fernanda tried to clear her name immediately. 
212 
Tears started falling from Trina’s eyes. “How could you say that, Fernanda? I gave it to you because you told me you wouldn’t tell a soul. You were the one who wanted to reveal her score to everyone. told you to keep it between us, but you insisted on projecting it on the big screen. 
I 
“Yeah. You’re right. I wanted to project it on the big screen. But could I have done that if you hadn’t given me her student ID? It all comes back to you, Trina!” 
“That’s too much, Fernanda!” 
“I’m too much? Don’t you think you’re too much? At the end of the day, Bonnie’s your sister. I know she isn’t really related to you, but you’re in the same family. Whenever you humiliate her, you humiliate the entire family too, including yourself. Is that so hard to understand? 
“The way I see it, you understand perfectly. You just don’t care. You gave me her student ID on purpose because you wanted to humiliate her.” 
Trina had to admit that Fernanda had hit home. 
She was shocked to the core and stole a glance at Gresham and Vera. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 55
Chapter 55 
Gresham and Vera stared at Trina with a mix of disappointment and distrust. 
Trina was so stressed at seeing them like that that she cried even harder. “How could you say that, Fernanda? I was just worried about Bonnie’s SATs, that’s all. And I only happened to see her student ID by chance…” 
“Heh. You just happened to see it, but you took a picture of it. Let me ask you a question. What were you plotting?” 
“L… Um… You really let me down, Fernanda. I told you about that because I trusted you. You deliberately projected it onto the big screen to humiliate my parents because Grandpa gave his company to my father. I know you and your parents have a grudge over that and want to take the company back for yourselves.” 
“Motherfucker! How could you be so f*** shameless, Trina?!” Fernanda couldn’t stand it anymore. She rolled up her sleeves and yanked at Trina’s hair. 
“Ow. My hair! It hurts!” 
Just like that, they began fighting each other. 
Bonnie just sat aside and sipped on her drink as the two other women struggled with each other. She looked relaxed. Amused, even. 
“Holy crap! This is big motherfucking news!” Ged burst into Ivor’s office. 
Ivor raised his head. “Are you feeling okay?” 
Ged picked up a glass of water and drank it. “I have the biggest scoop for you!” 
“What is it? Do you really have to be so dramatic?” Ivor lowered his head and continued to work. 
“Look at you. Did you know the SAT scores are out today?” 
To be honest, Ivor had never paid attention to the SAT scores, but it did pique his interest this time. 
“Do you know how your fiancé did on the SATs?” 
“I didn’t ask her.” He was worried it would make things awkward. After all, she didn’t exactly do well on her usual tests. 
“I knew it. If you knew about her scores, you wouldn’t react like this. Take a guess. How do you think she scored?” 
He frowned, a little displeased. “You know she doesn’t do well in tests, but you came all the way here to tell me about it. Are you trying to make fun of her? Let me tell you something, Ged. I’ll look past this because you’re my buddy, but I won’t let it slide if you mock her to her face.” 
Chapter 55 
2/2 
Ged was 
as stunned when he felt Ivor’s animosity. He looked at his friend with wide eyes. 
“H–have you really fallen in love with her?! Are you finally going to get a girlfriend?” 
Ivor didn’t deny it. “I’ll spend some time with her and see where it leads us, for starters.” 
“Damn straight! You’re going to give it a try! Bonnie had the perfect score! She’s won the Best Scholar Award!” Ged said excitedly. 
Ivor’s eyes widened. “Are you kidding?” 
“Do you think I’d kid around with this?” Ged had always been the mischievous type, but he looked very stern at that moment. 
“How did you find out about this?” 
“You know her grandparents‘ birthday party was today, right? Word is that Bonnie has a cousin, Fernanda, who wants to make her a laughing stock. And I’m sure you know about Trina, the girl who’s allegedly from a wealthy family. I’m not sure how, but she got her hands on Bonnie’s student 
ID. 
“They worked together to project Bonnie’s SAT scores onto the big screen at the party. Hahaha. This is the funny part. They wanted to make fun of Bonnie, but they ended up being the laughing stock themselves!” Ged was very pleased. 
“I have something I need to say, and you might not like to hear it. We were wrong about Bonnie, Ivor. She’s an extremely talented woman. Don’t you like competent women? 
“Many women from wealthy families have tried to approach you in the past, but you thought they were all too sheltered. They couldn’t do anything besides act cute, and they only ever learned some run–of–the–mill skills. That’s why you didn’t like any of them. 
“But Bonnie is very skilled. Your mom was right. You wouldn’t deserve her if we s*** you of your status as CEO of the Knight Group.” 
Ivor fell silent for a while, then started writing Bonnie a message. 
Ged leaned over and tried to read it. 
“Beep!” 
Bonnie received a text. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 56
Chapter 56 
“Is it true you won the Best Scholar Award?” 
That was fast. 
“Yep.” Bonnie replied. 
“Congratulations.” 
“Thank you.” 
“Is there anything you want to eat? Let’s celebrate tonight. It’ll be my treat.” 
“Mom and Dad are celebrating with me tonight, so I won’t be going back to your place.” Ivor raised 
his brow at that. 
Ged said, “Your agreement was for a month, and it’s been well over half a month. You need to drag this out for as long as you can! Tell Bonnie she has to extend your agreement by a day if she goes back to her place tonight.” 
“Would that be okay?” Ivor’s eyes were as dark as night. 
“What’s wrong with that? Are you embarrassed? Come on! You’re trying to win your future wife’s heart. Who cares about your pride?” Ivor was already composing a text as Ged was in the middle of his speech. 
He leaned over and smiled at what he saw. Ivor had sent Bonnie a text that read, “Our agreement was for a month. You’re taking a day out of it to go back to your place. Because of that, we need to extend the agreement by ten more days. I’m sorry, but it’s Grandpa’s orders.” 
In the evening, Bonnie’s group chat was flooded with texts. 
“Am I dreaming? Bonnie really got into Pyralis University! Do you guys know she got the Best Scholar Award too? She got the perfect score!‘ 
“Damn straight. She’s shattering my worldview. Isn’t she just a nobody? Didn’t she always get last place in the entire school?” 
“Anyway, what about the bet…?” 
“Can you please not talk about that? That was just a joke. Bonnie wouldn’t take it seriously.” 
At that moment, Bonnie, who had never said anything in the group, sent a text. 
“I’m dead serious about the bet.” 
For a moment, the group chat was silent. 
Bonnie’s lips curled into a mischievous smile and she typed, “Did you really think I was going to let it slide just because I didn’t say anything? Let me remind you, it was you who suggested shaving your heads. We even recorded a video about this.” 
Chapter 56 
2/2 
It was pointless to keep cowering in fear. Since Sacha was the class head, she took the lead and texted, “Just let this go, Bonnie. We’re all classmates, and anyway, none of us took it seriously.” 
Just like that, everyone else went along with her. 
“Yeah! Don’t be so petty, Bonnie. It was just a joke among classmates. You’re the only one who took it so seriously.” 
“We wouldn’t have brought it up if you had lost the bet.” 
“Seconded.” 
Bonnie smirked. “None of you took it seriously? You all spread the word about this, I’m sure you did it because you wanted to stop me from going back on my word when I lost the bet. 
“Look at the way you talked to me. Do you think I’m some kind of fool? The fact is, I’m the one who won the Best Scholar Award. I’m definitely smarter than all of you, so don’t bother playing the victim. I see right through you. 
Everyone was alarmed. They could think of nothing to say to her! 
“Save your breath and start shaving your heads. I’ll release the video to the public if you don’t honor the bet. I won’t stop at the internet either. I’ll send a copy to your future colleges and workplaces as 
well.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 57
Chapter 57 
Everyone was in a full–on panie now. They started another group chat without Bonnie, 
“What are we going to do? If Bonnie really does what she says, we won’t be able to show our faces anywhere.” 
“Why is she being so mean?” 
“Bonnie’s exactly the type of mean girl you’d never want to meet.” 
The abrupt silence from the group chat told Bonnie everything she needed to know. She was sure the others were having a discussion in a new group chat. 
It was all but certain they were insulting her behind her back, but she wasn’t bothered. She wasn’t about to go easy on them, either. After all, she was no saint. They had brought this upon themselves. 
In the end, everyone in the new group asked Sacha for help. 
“Dwayne’s your boyfriend, Sacha. Ask him if he can help us out.” 
“Agreed.” 
“Seconded.” 
That was what Sacha was thinking too. She called Dwayne. “I need a favor, honey…” 
The next day, Bonnie went to the place Sacha had told her to go, but Dwayne was there instead of 
Sacha. 
“What are you doing here?” Bonnie frowned. Dwayne was acting all gentlemanly. He gave her the 
menu and asked, “See anything you like? Go ahead and order whatever you want. It’s my treat.” 
She didn’t even bother looking at the menu. “Did Sacha ask you to settle our dispute?” 
“What a smart girl!” Dwayne gave her a thumbs up. “The Best Scholar in the city, I see! I used to think you were just a pretty girl. Imagine my surprise when you got the perfect score and got yourself into Pyralis University. 
“Sacha keeps telling me you cheated your way to the Best Scholar Award. She’s a silly girl. There’s no way that happened.” 
Bonnie frowned and said, “Aren’t you here on Sacha’s behalf? What’s going on?” 
“You’re a smart girl. I think you know what I mean.” Dwayne scanned her figure lecherously. 
She noticed and stared at him menacingly. “So, you still want me?” 
He clapped twice and said, “See? You’re smart. It’s not hard to talk to you at all, not like Sacha. She’s so foolish. She might have obeyed all my whims and wishes, but it felt too easy at times. 
“There’s no sense of achievement in conquering her. I’ve had enough time to be tired of her. You, on 
the other hand, are different. You’re smart, and you’re the Best Scholar in the city. Your family background is better than Sacha’s too. 
2/2 
My parents would be much happier if I married you. We’ll talk about marriage after you meet them in two days. After all, I’m not getting any younger. As for school, I guess you can continue to study. But you’ll have to leave school for a while when you’re pregnant. 
My parents are kind of hard to deal with. They’re not exactly healthy, too, so I’ll expect you to back off if there’s any conflict in the future. They’ll be your in–laws, after all.” 
“Heh.” Bonnie sneered. 
“What are you smirking at? 
“Your shamelessness amuses me! Do you even look in the mirror before you walk out the door? I feel 
so gross just sitting across the table looking at your p*** mug. How dare you make a list of demands? You’re disgusting!” 
With that, she rose without a second thought and started to leave. Dwayne got up immediately and stopped her. 
“There’s no need to get so worked up about this. My demands aren’t that outrageous. After all, the Moss family is much wealthier than the Shepard family. You’ll be marrying into a better family. 
He took out a bank card. “There’s a million dollars in this. It’s yours if you agree to marry me. 
She took the bank card without so much as a pause and threw it at Dwayne’s face. 
“Ow!” The card cut his face. 
37 
She sneered as she looked at him. “You’re not even fit to lick my boots. Get out of here, you gross pig.” 
Dwayne burst into rage and started threatening her. “F*** you. You were lucky I had my eye on you. I’m warning you, Bonnie. Don’t be so ungrateful! I’ll give you one last chance. Come to me and give me a kiss. Otherwise, I’ll…” 
Bonnie turned and left before he had finished talking. 
“Damn it! How dare you embarrass me!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 58
Chapter 58 
1/2 
Dwayne ran after Bonnie aggressively and grabbed her shoulder. Bonnie turned around, gripped his arm, and hurled him over her shoulder. He flew through the air for half a second before falling heavily through a table. 
“Ouch! Ow!” He screamed pitifully. 
Bonnie raised her hands and brushed her shoulder as if something filthy had touched it and left without so much as a glance at Dwayne. 
Sacha popped her head out of a corner not long after Bonnie left and stared daggers at her. If she hadn’t sneaked in here, she wouldn’t have known that Dwayne had a thing for Bonnie for a long time. He even wanted to marry her. 
She had worked her fingers to the bone to be with Dwayne. She had bet everything on him and she wasn’t going to let Bonnie take him away from her. With that in mind, she made a phone call. “I need a few guys…” 
Bonnie went straight to the research institute after she left the restaurant. The professors crowded around her as soon as she got in. 
“You’re here at last, Ms. Bonita. I’ve run into a dead end with my research and it’s been bothering me for a long time. I need your help.” 
“Make way and line up. You’ve seen many winters, old timer. Don’t you know you should wait your 
turn?” 
“There’s something you should know, Ms. Bonita. Do you remember when you announced the collaboration with the Knight Group? 
“Well, someone from the Knight Group called us and said their CEO would like to meet up with you. and talk about the nanomaterial. They want to better understand it to leverage its potential value.” 
Did that mean Ivor wanted to meet her? 
Bonnie thought it over and said, “I won’t meet him in person. I’ll just text him.” 
“Alright. Do you need his number?” 
“Just give me his Telegram, please.” She had Ivor’s number, but she didn’t have his Telegram 
account. 
“Loud and clear. I’ll see to it.” 
She received Ivor’s Telegram account and added him. 
Ivor stopped the work he was doing and started texting her. 
“Hello, Ms. Bonita.” 
Chapter 58 
2/2 
“Hello.” 
“I’d like to understand more about the latest nanomaterial.” 
“Sure.” 
Ged watched as Ivor chatted away with the science prodigy. He was so jealous! 
“Give me her Telegram account, Ivor.” 
“What are you going to do with it?” Ivor asked, puzzled. 
Ged straightened his chest and said, “I’m going to brag about it, of course! If my friends know I have Ms. Bonita’s Telegram, they’ll be green with envy.” 
who 
Ivor looked away from him. “I can’t believe you’d pester her over something so trivial. Anyway, do you think Ms. Bonita is? Do you think she’ll accept your request? Maybe you should save yourself the embarrassment.” 
“Geez. Would you listen to yourself…?” 
‘Creak.‘ Ivor’s office door swung open as Floyd entered with a document in hand. 
A Your Sigr 
“We for this, Mr. Ivor. It’s urgent.” 
As Ivor put down his phone to sign the document, Ged took it away, opened Bonita’s profile, and 
memorized her account. 
“Cut it out, Ged!” It was too late. Ged had added her on Telegram. 
Ivor rolled his eyes at Ged and said, “I told you. It doesn’t mean she’ll accept your request.” “You don’t know that! I just might get a lucky break!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 59
Chapter 59 
Cied looked at his phone and almost jumped with joy 
“Tahabal Lean’Chelleve it the accepted my request! Ms. Bonita and are friends on Telegram!” 
Ivon looked at him in surprise and checked his phone. It was like he said. She had accepted his request. 
“What did you say to her ” 
“I said I was Ivor’s buddy and told her my name. She accepted my request just like that! I guess it can’t be helped. I’m really charming, after all!” Ged couldn’t stop smiling 
Ivor couldn’t help but feel that this was strange, “Maybe she wanted to reject you but she just accidentally clicked accept.” 
“Are you looking down on me?” Ged wasn’t happy about this. 
“You can always send her a text if you don’t believe me. Let’s see if she replies to you.” 
Ged didn’t really want to do it. What would he do if Ivor was right and Bonita deleted him from her contacts afterward? 
Ivor saw through him and said, “Forget it. I don’t think it’s a good idea. If she deletes you from your contacts, you’ll get upset. 
Ged hadn’t wanted to do it, but he had no choice now. He’d look bad if he didn’t go ahead with it after 
what Ivor said. 
“Do you think I’m scared? Let’s do it.” Ged wrote a brief text and sent it to Bonita. 
“Hello, Ms. Bonita.” 
Ged grew so nervous that he began to sweat. 
Ivor shook his head and turned to continue his work. 
“Beep!” Ivor raised his head sharply and looked at Ged’s phone. 
Ged was pleasantly surprised. He showed Ivor his phone. “Look at this. Ms. Bonita replied to my text! She said, ‘Hello.‘ Hahaha. I knew it. I’m just too charming. She didn’t just accept my request by 
accident. 
Ivor stroked his chin. Was Bonita really that easy to deal with? 
Ged received another text from Bonita just as Ivor was thinking. 
“Do you play League of Legends?” Bonnie had seen Ged play it once, and he was good at it. 
“Holy crap! Ms. Bonita is chatting with me now!” Ged jumped around the office happily with his phone in hand. 
Chapter 59 
2/2 
“Sure I do. I’m really good at it too!” 
Bonnie replied, “How about we team up?” 
“Oh, shit. Holy shit! I can’t believe Ms. Bonita is asking to team up with me! This is completely unexpected! I’m 
g to post this online and tell all my friends. They’re going to be so jealous. Hahaha!” 
As Ivor looked at the overjoyed Ged, he began to doubt everything he knew. It was baffling that Bonita, a science prodigy, would ask to team up with Ged, a good–for–nothing from a wealthy family. 
Bonnie spent an entire afternoon playing the game with Ged and did a little work at the research institute before she left. 
The night brought a cool and refreshing breeze. Bonnie liked it so much she decided to walk back 
home. 
After a while, she realized someone was following her. 
“Who is it?” She stopped and turned around. Sacha showed up with several men, all of them armed 
with weapons. 
“What’s the meaning of this?” Bonnie said calmly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 60
Chapter 60 
“Impressive, Bonnie. Given the circumstances, I can’t believe you’re still acting cool.” 
“If you’re just here to talk trash, I’m not interested. Out with it.” Bonnie sounded annoyed. 
“Don’t you know what’s going on? Your life is in my hands. How dare you talk to me in that tone? 
“You’re still talking trash,” Bonnie said absently. 
“Why, you little…!” Sacha was furious, but she remembered why she was here and suppressed her anger. “I’m warning you, Bonnie. Stay away from Dwayne!” 
So that was why she was here. 
“Are you sure you have your facts right? Dwayne was the one who tried to come on to me shamelessly. He might be from a wealthy family and likes to dress fancy, but he’s just a useless bastard. I’m really grossed out by him. I know he’s slept with lots of women. Don’t worry. I’ll never try to take him away from you.” 
“How dare you say he’s gross!” 
“Aren’t I telling the truth? I refuse to believe that you don’t know what kind of guy he is. You can fill an entire cruise ship with the women he’s slept with. 
“I’m a little confused. You’re a decent student and you come from a decent family. Why do want 
you someone like him? Don’t you feel grossed out when you’re with him?” 
Sacha wished she could cut Bonnie’s tongue out right there and then. “I know why you said those nasty things. You’re trying to say that the man I desperately want is trash to you. You’re just trying to humiliate me before marrying Dwayne yourself!” 
Bonnie shook her head and said, “You’re so stupid. You’re beyond help.” 
“Did you just call me stupid?” 
“Am I wrong? You have a good life ahead of you, but you’re squandering it for the sake of that pig.” 
“Damn! You! One last time, Bonnie. Are you going to keep pestering Dwayne? Are you going to take away my rightful place as his future wife?” 
“Tsk.” Bonnie didn’t want to waste any more time with this idiot, so she turned and left. 
“Hold it!” 
Bonnie kept walking. 
Sacha lost it as Bonnie continued to ignore her. 
“Hey! Stop her, all of you! If she refuses to cooperate, beat her up! There’s no security cameras here, so you have nothing to worry about.” 
Chapter 60 
212 
The men she hired surrounded Bonnie at once. 
“We don’t really want to do this, pretty lady, but we need the money. Sorry!” 
“Tsk tsk tsk. What a shame. I’ve never slept with a woman as pretty as her. In fact, I’ve never even seen someone like her. I wonder how it would feel to punch you. 
Bonnie squinted and wagged a finger at them. “Come at me if you want to get beaten up. 
“Geez! She’s still talking tough. No wonder she made Ms. Sacha so mad.” 
“Come on, guys. She’s taunting us. Move in on her.” The hired men approached her as they spoke, looking at Bonnie lecherously. 
Bonnie swept the floor with them in no time. 
Sacha gawked, her eyes full of shock. She had seen the way Bonnie threw Dwayne over her shoulder earlier that day. She knew that Bonnie was kind of skilled, but she had hired experienced fighters! She could hardly believe that Bonnie had taken care of them like it was nothing. 
Suddenly, the sound of police sirens rang through the air, and they were all surrounded by police 
officers. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 61
Chapter 61 
1/2 
“We got a call about a group of people fighting here. That must be you!” The leading officer got out of the car. He looked around, saw the hired men lying on the ground, and glanced at Bonnie in surprise. 
“Did you take on all of them yourself?” 
Bonnie nodded and pointed at Sacha. “She brought those guys here to attack me.” 
Sacha was shocked and yelled, “W–What nonsense are you saying, Bonnie? You’re the one who brought them here to beat me up.‘ 
“Oh? Did I do that? Why would I beat them up, then?” 
“W–Well. They found their conscience and couldn’t bear to hurt me, so they decided to help me instead. You beat them all up in a fit of rage. 
What a wonderful liar. Bonnie couldn’t help but laugh. 
“What’s going on here?” The officer asked again. Sacha went to him and said, “I told the truth, officer. Try asking them!” 
The officer pointed to the hired men lying on the floor, “Out with it, guys. Was she telling the truth?” 
The hired men looked at Sacha. She secretly gave them a look. She had hired them, after all. They had. only gotten a deposit too. They’d only get the rest of the money when this was all over. 
“T–That’s right, officer! It was her.” They all pointed at Bonnie. “She hired us!” 
The officer turned to look at Bonnie. “Is this true?” 
Bonnie said calmly, “Not at all.” 
The officer rubbed the side of his forehead and said, “You’re all coming to the police department with me. I want you to call your families too.” 
She frowned. If she called Vera and Gresham, they wouldn’t listen to her at all. They’d only force her to apologize to Sacha. She didn’t even want to think about that. 
In the end, she had no choice but to call Ivor. He sounded a little unhappy when he picked up. “Why aren’t you back home yet?” 
“I ran into a situation.” 
That unnerved him. “What happened? Were you in a car crash? Where are you? I’ll be there right away!” Bonnie’s heart went soft for a second when she heard the impatient but worried tone in his 
voice. 
“I’m at the police station.” 
“Huh? The police station? Aren’t you supposed to be at the hospital?” 
Chapter 61 
Bonnie rubbed the side of her head and said, “I wasn’t in a car accident. I just had a situation.” 
Bonnie and Sacha sat across from each other in the police station. 
“Do you have any identification with you?” Sergeant Zain was in charge of their case. 
“I don’t have anything with me.” Bonnie said. 
“Neither do I.” 
“I guess we’ll have to wait for your families to arrive, then.” 
At that moment, Dwayne walked into the station. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 62
Chapter 62 
“Is that you, Dwayne?” Sergeant Zain recognized him. 
“So, you’re in charge of this case, Sergeant Zain.” He was a little surprised to see Bonnie. He hadn’t expected to see her here. So was Bonnie the person Sacha said was bullying her? 
Sacha burst out crying and ran into his arms as he was still in the middle of his thoughts. 
“You’re finally here, Dwayne! Bonnie hired a group of guys and tried to beat me up! Luckily, the ment found their conscience and didn’t do it. Otherwise, I would be in the hospital now, Boo hoo…” 
He frowned, “Why would she do that?” 
“It was all because of the bet. We were just kidding around, but she insisted I shave my head. First, she threatened me in the group chat and said she’d release the video to the public if I didn’t honor the bet. She wanted to make a joke out of me. Then, she hired a group of men to beat me up. She wanted to coerce me into shaving my head. There was another reason…” 
“Another reason?” 
“Y–Yeah. She told me you tried to come on to her. She also said she was out of your league. She asked me to keep you on a leash. 
“She even said you’re not fit to lick her boots and you grossed her out by giving her a million dollars to try to get her to marry you. 
He believed every word Sacha said. After all, Bonnie had said that to him in the restaurant. Sacha hadn’t been there, so she couldn’t have known about it unless Bonnie had told her. 
Dwayne was already irritated with Bonnie because she had humiliated him in the restaurant. He was beside himself with rage now that Sacha had fanned the flames. 
He turned and looked at Sergeant Zain. “It’s like my girlfriend said. This woman here threw herself at me again and again, but I rejected her. That’s probably why she has a grudge against us. She insulted me in front of my girlfriend and hired someone to beat her up.” 
Sacha was overjoyed to hear what Dwayne was saying. She had thought quickly and managed to kill two birds with one stone. Dwayne was going to blame Bonnie for this, and he would have zero interest 
in her from now on. 
Sergeant Zain looked at Bonnie sternly and asked, “Is that true?” 
She answered calmly, “It’s their word against mine. There’s no evidence.” 
That made sense, he thought. 
“There isn’t any evidence?” Sacha pointed at the hired men. “You hired them. They’re witnesses.” 
Bonnie slowly turned her head toward Sacha and said, “You say that they’re witnesses and I hired them. Do you have any proof of that?” 
Chapter 12 
312 
Sacha choked. It had never occurred to her that Bonnie would be able to maintain her calm 
under these circumstances. 
“Bonnie… Her name sounds familiar,” Sergeant Zain muttered. 
Bonnie picked up a cup of water from the desk and remembered what had happened in the past She had been at this police station because of an incident once. Sergeant Zain had only been an ordinary officer back then. He had checked her social security card and inadvertently found out that she was the renowned researcher, Ms. Bonita. 
“It sounds really familiar…” He kept thinking. 
“Ah! 1 know! Is she that Bonnie?” A thought occurred to the officer standing beside them. 
Bonnie’s grip on her cup tightened. Had he recognized her? 
“Who?” Sergeant Zain asked. 
“It is her. Bonnie, winner of the Best Scholar Award!” 
“Oh. So, that’s her. My daughter said something about her.” That explained why her name sounded so familiar to him. 
Bonnie relaxed a little. 
“Where’s your family? Why aren’t they here?” 
At that moment, they heard a deep voice at the door. 
“I’m sorry I’m late.” 
Bonnie turned toward the voice and saw Ivor. His hair was a little tousled, his tie was loose, and there was sweat on his forehead. It was clear that he had rushed over here. 
Bonnie felt a little moved. 
“I’m the one who should apologize. I dragged you into this.” 
“What are you talking about? I’m your fiancé.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 63
Chapter 63 
Fiancé, he said… Bonnic lowered her gaze and tried to hide her emotions. 
“Fiancé?!” Dwayne and Sacha exclaimed in unison, visibly shocked. They had seen this man at the school gate and thought that Bonnie had hired an actor. They were shocked to hear that he was her 
fiancé 
“Impossible! I’ve never heard of him!” Sacha still thought that Bonnie had hired an actor. “She’s lying, Sergeant Zain. She doesn’t have a fiancé. Her ex–fiancé called off their marriage. She must have hired an actor to pretend to be her fiancé because she didn’t have the guts to tell her family about it.” 
Dwayne thought Sacha made a fine point. 
Sergeant Zain turned to Bonnie and asked with a serious expression on his face, “Is he really your fiancé? You shouldn’t lie to me.” 
“He is.” She replied. 
Sergeant Zain observed her for a while and looked at Ivor. “Please show me your identification, sir.” 
“Ivor gay 
it to him, and he passed it to one of his underlings to verify. Soon enough, his 
underling came back, sweating profusely, and whispered in his ear. 
He jolted and looked at Ivor incredulously. “So, you’re Mr. Ivor Knight. I’m sorry, I didn’t know. Someone get him a cup of tea. The finest tea we have.” 
What was happening now? Dwayne and Sacha looked at each other, completely baffled. 
Ivor Knight? Who was he? Why was Sergeant Zain being so respectful toward him? 
Ivor didn’t drink the tea immediately. Instead, he looked at Sergeant Zain and asked, “Do you believe she’s my fiancé now?” 
“Of course I do!” He nodded hurriedly. Naturally, he had heard about Ivor’s engagement. In fact, the whole of Pyralis knew about it. His daughter had said she was jealous of the woman who was engaged to Ivor. It had never occurred to him that he would bump into her today. 
“Can I take her home now?” Ivor asked Sergeant Zain. 
“Sure! Be my guest!” 
“How could you let her walk free, Sergeant Zain?! He might be an important man, them off just because of that.” Dwayne stopped him. 
but you can’t let 
Sergeant Zain was annoyed. “You said Ms. Bonnie s*** you repeatedly and you rejected her time and again. That’s why she harbored a grudge against you, insulted you before your girlfriend, and hired someone to beat her up. Is that right?” 
“Exactly!” Dwayne raised his chin and stared at Bonnie condescendingly. “It doesn’t matter if you’re pretty. You’re beneath me.” 
Chapter 63 
212 
“What a load of crap!” Sergeant Zain smacked the desk loudly. 
Dwayne was startled. Before he could say another word, Sergeant Zain started yelling at him. “Ms. Bonnie is the future wife of the Knight Group CEO. Why would she need to s*** you, the son of a lowly four–star hotel owner? Do you think what you said makes any sense?” 
“W–What?” Dwayne was stunned. Sacha’s mouth was wide open. She looked at Bonnie, then at Ivor. Was this stunning, exquisite man the most powerful man in the Knight Group? Was he the bachelor every single woman in Pyralis wanted to marry?! 
Holy moly! She remembered it now. News of the Knight Group CEO’s engagement had shaken the entire city not long ago! 
“Are you saying he’s the Knight Group CEO?” Dwayne pointed at Ivor, his tone different now. 
“Exactly. In the flesh,” Sergeant Zain replied sternly. 
Dwayne and Sacha finally understood. Sergeant Zain wasn’t joking at all. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 64
Chapter 64 
Sergeant Zain took a step toward Sacha, “I’m going to ask you again, Ms. Sacha. Did Ms. Bonnie hire those guys to beat you up?“. 
“Well…” Sacha’s mouth opened, and her eyes were wide and round from shock. She had no idea how to answer. Whatever insults she lobbed at Bonnie would be useless because of Ivor’s presence. 
Sergeant Zain was right. Bonnie was the future wife of the Knight Group CEO, Who in their right mind would give that up to s*** Dwayne instead? 
‘Mr. Ivor. Ms. Bonnie. You can go,” Sergeant Zain said. 
“Very well.” Ivor took off his blazer and put it over Bonnie’s shoulders. He spoke softly so that only the two of them could hear. “We have to make sure this looks real.” Bonnie went along with him and tugged at the blazer. She raised her head and smiled warmly at him. “Thank you.” 
Ivor’s hands, which were resting by his side, clenched. His breathing quickened a little. 
“Let’s move.” 
He turned back to Dwayne and Sacha when he was at the door. “I hope no one else finds out about what happened tonight. Otherwise, today will be the last day Prismatic Hotel stays open in Pyralis.” 
Dwayne’s face grew pale and his legs trembled. “L–Leave it to me. I won’t tell anyone about this, I swear.” 
Sacha watched Bonnie as she left with a mixture of fear and envy. 
“Let’s proceed with the case.” Sergeant Zain looked at Dwayne and Sacha coldly. A terrified Sacha fell 
to the floor. It was all over now. 
In the end, she was put behind bars while Dwayne’s family took him back home. They forbade him from seeing Sacha ever again under threat of not being able to inherit the Prismatic Hotel. Dwayne had brothers, after all. He might love Sacha, but he wasn’t about to ruin his future because of a 
woman. 
“Ah!” Sergeant Zain smacked his own thigh so hard it startled his underling who was standing next 
to him. 
“W–What’s the matter, Sergeant?” 
“I remember who Bonnie is now!” He gulped. 
His underling was bewildered. “I–Isn’t she the future wife of the Knight Group CEO?” 
“You don’t know anything! S–She’s Ms. Bonita!” 
His underling’s eyes grew wide. 
It was very late by the time Bonnie and Ivor left the police station. It was getting cold in Pyralis at 
Chapter 64 
night. Bonnie spotted a taco truck by the side of the road. 
“Do you want some tacos?” Ivor noticed where she was looking. 
21/2 
“Yeah. I used to eat tacos all the time in the suburbs. I could never get enough of them.” She looked at him, “I’m going to get one. Do you want one too?” 
“I’ll buy them.” Ivor didn’t give Bonnie a chance to reject him. He walked briskly to the taco truck and bought her one. Bonnie gave it to him and asked, “Do you want a bite? I know it’s not as good as caviar, but it’s tasty too.” 
“Hold that thought.” Ivor crouched in front of Bonnie. 
What was he doing? 
She lowered her head and looked at him. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 65
Chapter 65 
Bonnie’s eyes began to flicker. 
Was Ivor tying her shoes? 
Who knew the big shot of Pyralis would act like this? 
Bonnie felt her heart stir. 
“There.” Ivor stood up. 
“Oh. Um.” Bonnie looked a little timid. 
1/2 
Ivor had unexpectedly caught Bonnie being embarrassed. He couldn’t help but adore her. you going to give me a bite of the taco?” 
“Weren’t 
Bonnie composed herself and offered him the taco. She didn’t know that he would grab her hand, lift it, lean in, and take a bite. Her lips twitched and she stared at him, unsure of how to react. 
“Hmm… It is tasty. It’s really good.” Ivor smiled and looked at Bonnie. She averted her gaze and frowned at the taco. She wasn’t usually fussed about sharing food, but something felt wrong after Ivor had taken a bite. She couldn’t put her finger on it. 
“Why aren’t you eating it? Hurry up. It won’t be as good when it gets cold.” 
“Okay.” Bonnie shook away her thoughts and started eating the taco. Ivor peeked at her as she took one bite after another, his grin growing wider and wider. 
As soon as Bonnie returned to her room in the villa, Jim walked out of her bathroom. “What are you doing in my bathroom again?” 
She closed and locked her door immediately, afraid that Ivor would sense something wrong. They might not be as lucky this time. 
“I’m here because I heard you were in danger!” Jim looked worried. 
“I wasn’t really in any danger. It was just a minor scuffle. There’s no need to make a big deal about it.” 
“That’s not what I’m doing. This is about who you are. You’re Arvandor’s top researcher. I can’t allow 
up to me, you’d be protected by a hundred bodyguards.” 
you to be harmed. If it we? 
Bonnie smacked her forehead and said, “Do you think I’m some kind of endangered animal?” 
“Nope. You’re the last specimen of an extinct species.” 
Bonnie had nothing to say to that. 
“You might have been fine this time, but we can’t just let this slide. Sacha did a terrible thing. She hired a group of men and assaulted you, an elite member of the nation,” Jim said menacingly as he squinted his sharp eyes. 
Chapter 45 
2/2 
She waved her hand, “She got what she deserved. She’s spending a few days behind bars. There’s no 
need to…” 
“No way!” Jim overruled her. “I’ll listen to your orders most of the time, but not when it’s about your personal safety. I won’t stand down on that! Don’t try to talk me out of it. This is my duty!” 
Bonnie knew how stubborn Jim could be, so she just shook her head helplessly. “Have it your way. 
11 
The next day, Sacha’s family went to see her and told her that the university Sacha had applied to had rejected her, and none of the other higher education institutes would accept her either. Sacha was out of her mind with despair! 
The Prismatic Hotel’s application to be upgraded to five–stars was also denied. All their business partners pulled out of their contracts as well. The Moss family went into bankruptcy. 
The annual dinner party at the Knight premises was about to start. This was a rare occasion. Every young lady in the family would be occupied with buying a specially tailored dress. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 66
Chapter 66 
They were doing it to win honor for their branch of the family. They also wanted to become the stars. of the party. 
The 
arty wasn’t even close to starting, but Halle and Rowena were picking on Bonnie already. 
party 
“I guess you’re kind of Ivor’s fiancé now, Bonnie. Don’t embarrass him at the dinner party! You can beg me for a dress if you don’t have one for the occasion. I’m sure I have some things I can lend you. 
“They might be outdated, but they’re all expensive. You’ve probably never worn anything like that 
as she before. Well? Are you going to beg me for it? I’ll give you something if you do,” Halle said, looked at Bonnie condescendingly. 
“I don’t need your pathetic dresses, I didn’t want to say this, but your dresses are beneath me.” 
“Go ahead and talk! I’ll be waiting for you to embarrass yourself at the party!” 
Halle walked a few steps away with Rowena, then turned back. “Didn’t you used to pretend you were wearing Hamish’s designs? I managed to reserve one out of the three new designs he made this month. I’m sure you’ll be jealous when I amaze everyone at the party.” 
Bonnie raised her brows and looked at Halle mischievously. “I can read your fortune. I can tell you that you’re not fated to have any of his dresses. I’m afraid you won’t be able to wear it this month.‘ 
“Hah!” Halle rolled her eyes at Bonnie and led Rowena away, looking all high and mighty. 
Bonnie’s phone buzzed. Hamish was calling. What a coincidence. She had been about to call him. 
“I’ve just tweeted three of my latest designs on my official Twitter account, Ms. Bonnie. Two of them have been reserved, but I saved the third and the best for you. I’ve been turning down every request 
for it.” 
Bonnie checked Twitter and saw that there were, indeed, three designs. The two that had been reserved were definitely fashionable, but the one Hamish had saved for her was in a completely different league. 
“Nicely done. I’ll take it.” 
“Okay!” 
“Has anyone from the Knight family reserved any of your dresses?” 
“I did hear that the Knight family’s annual dinner party is next week, and now that you mention it, some of the Knights have reserved my dresses.” 
“Do you have a buyer who goes by Halle Knight?” She asked. 
“Wait a minute. I’ll check.” 
Very soon, he came back with an answer. “There is a Halle Knight.” 
П 
Chapter 66 
212 
“Cancel her reservation.” 
“Huh? What?” Hamish was stunned, but it soon hit him. “Did she offend you somehow?” 
“You could say that.” 
“Alright. I’ll cancel it, then. It’s just that the dress is kind of expensive, and she paid a deposit. We’ll have to pay quite a hefty price if we cancel it.” 
Bonnie didn’t care about that. “Do you think I can’t afford to pay for that?” 
It made sense, Hamish thought. After all, Bonnie, chairman of Tang Fusion Studios, had personally appointed him chief designer and CEO. Their company was one of the ten most prominent companies in the world, so they had unimaginable wealth. 
As chairman, she could easily afford to pay for a cancelled reservation. 
“Alright. Consider it done.” 
“Very well.” 
Halle kept demeaning Bonnie to Rowena on their way back. “I just can’t stand her. Ivor must have. had the most rotten luck to be engaged to someone as cocky and useless as Bonnie. 
“She even said she knew how to read fortunes and I wasn’t fated to wear one of Hamish’s dresses. 
Who the f*** does she think she is?” 
“Absolutely. She grosses me out so much I could just puke.” Rowena acted like she was about to throw. 
up. 
“Hmph! We’ll be able to make fun of her at the party!” 
Soon, Halle received a call from Tang Fusion Studios. 
“It must be about my dress. They must have finished it!” 
Chapter 67 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 67
Chapter 67 
Halle exclaimed excitedly and answered the call. “Have you finished my dress?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Halle. We’ve decided to cancel your reservation for the dress.” 
“What?!” Halle’s eyes widened in shock. “H–How could you do that? I paid the deposit!” 
“I’m very sorry. The order came from top management, Don’t worry, though. We’ll compensate you for your loss.” 
“I don’t want your compensation! I want my dress! I want the dress that Hamish designed!” Halle 
shouted. 
“We’ve transferred the compensation to your account. Please verify it.” 
“I won’t agree to this! I’m… Hello? Hey!” 
They had hung up. 
Halle was so angry she smashed her phone. “Damn that Tang Fusion Studios! I can’t believe they decided to cancel my reservation just like that!” 
“What on earth happened?” Rowena asked, confused. 
“How would I know?!” Halle roared. Then, it hit her. She whipped her head at Rowena, who had also 
remembered their conversation with Bonnie. 
Naturally, they didn’t think it was at all related. It must have been pure coincidence. 
Ivor was in his study giving instructions to Floyd. “Give Tang Fusion Studios another call. I want that dress. It’s the most elaborate dress I’ve ever seen. It has to be mine.” 
Floyd was troubled. “I’ve just had a call with them. Someone’s already bought that dress, Mr. Ivor.” 
“Who’s the buyer? I’ll talk to him myself.” 
Ivor was trying to surprise Bonnie, but he didn’t think it would be this hard. 
“I asked them. They said one of the people in top management bought it. 
“Do you have a name?” 
“I’ll ask.” 
Floyd managed to find out soon. “It was their chairman, Mr. Ivor.” 
Ivor had no choice but to give up. 
When Floyd saw how dark Ivor’s face was, he asked, “Should I contact another top fashion designer, Mr. Ivor?” 
Ivor waved him away. “Do it.” 
Chapter 67 
372 
The Knight family’s annual dinner party commenced a week later. Ivor had Floyd send the dress he had gotten Bonnie to her room. 
“Ms. Bonnie says she has a dress for herself already, Mr. Ivor.” Floyd took the dress Ivor prepared all the way downstairs. 
He frowned. Was it because she didn’t want to accept his gift? 
Floyd looked at Bonnie’s room and said, “I know this is just a family dinner party, but all the branches of the Knight family will play their games and try to further their agendas there. If Ms. Bonnie is dressed too plainly, they might make fun of her.” 
“Let her dress however she wants. I won’t forgive anyone who ridicules her.” 
After he heard what his master said, Floyd decided to keep his thoughts to himself. 
As their conversation drew to an end, they heard a door opening upstairs. 
“Is Ms. Bonnie done? Did she put on any makeup?” Floyd was worried that Bonnie would be dressed too plainly. 
However, his jaw dropped to the floor when he saw Bonnie. Ivor stood up involuntarily too, his black eyes trained on Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 68
Chapter 68 
Bonnie lifted the skirt of her dress a little and walked down the stairs gracefully. She looked 
exceptionally beautiful, like an angel who had descended from heaven or a fairy who had walked out of an exquisite painting. 
“1–Isn’t this Hamish’s best work?” Floyd stuttered as he recognized the dress. 
Ivor came back to his senses and looked at the dress. Wasn’t this the dress he had tried so hard to get? 
Bonnie stood in front of them, “Yeah, You’re right. This is Hamish’s best work.” 
Ivor frowned. “How did you get it?” 
“I got it because I could,” Bonnie said truthfull 
“I heard that the chairman of Tang Fusion Studios reserved it.” Ivor continued to frown and stare at 
her. 
After a pause, Bonnie nonchalantly said, “The chairman of Tang Fusion Studios gave it to me as a gift.” 
“Why did he give you such an expensive dress? How did you meet the chairman? What’s your relationship with him?” Ivor’s eyes grew more menacing with each question he asked. 
Bonnie felt the room getting colder and connected the dots between the dress and the time when Ivor had told her not to cheat on him. In conclusion, Ivor was overthinking things again. 
“Firstly, the chairman of Tang Fusion Studios is a woman. As for why she gave it to me and the nature of our relationship, that’s part of my private life. I won’t reveal that part of me to you, even if you push me.” 
“She’s a lady? Did you say the chairman’s a lady?” Ivor sounded surprised. 
“Yeah. So you can stop worrying about us having an affair.” 
“That’s not what I meant. I didn’t think you’d do such a thing,” He explaiped hastily. 
Bonnie just laughed. 
Ivor felt embarrassed, but he didn’t let it show. 
After that, Ivor took Bonnie to the biggest mountain resort in Pyralis, where the family dinner party was being held this year. 
“This place is huge. Try not to leave my sight.” Ivor looked at her with a worried expression and said, “If someone tries to stir up trouble with you, just let me know.” 
Bonnie could tell that the last part of the sentence was the most important. He was worried that a hick from the suburbs like her had never seen a party like this. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t do anything inappropriate and embarrass you. I’ve been to many events like 
Chapter 68 
this.” She had gone to a palace in a foreign country and had even sat with a prince and the descendants of the nobles. She wasn’t fazed by this party at all. 
Ivor train 
2/2 
gaze on her and failed to detect any nervousness from her expression. Was she doing 
a good job at hiding it? Or had she really been to many events like this? 
At that moment, the steward who was hosting the party came over. “I’m sorry, Mr. Ivor. There’s been 
a situation, and we need you to fix it.” 
He turned to look at Bonnie. “Do you want to come along with me?” 
Was he treating her like a child? Was he worried she’d get lost? Thought Bonnie. 
“Go ahead. I’m going to grab some food.” 
“Sure. Just call me if anything happens,” said Ivor concernedly. 
“Alright. Loud and clear.” 
Ivor was still worried about her. He turned to Jim, who looked relaxed, and said, “Keep her safe.” 
Jim nodded. “Roger that.” 
He clicked his tongue as Ivor left. “I think he cares about you.” 
Bonnie raised her brows and said, “Did you learn to gossip while you were out of the country?” 
Jim just scratched the back of his head. 
Then, Bonnie heard a shrill scream. 
“Your dress, Bonnie! Isn’t it Hamish’s best work? How did it find its way to you?!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 69
Chapter 69 
Bonnie looked at Halle and raised her brows. There was a hint of mockery in her eyes. 
“Wasn’t your dress supposed to be one of Hamish’s designs? I seem to remember you bragging that you were going to wear it to the party. Why didn’t you?” 
Halle gritted her teeth and looked at Bonnie. She wanted to smack her really badly. “Wipe that smug look off your face! Did Ivor get you this dress? That just means you didn’t get it yourself!” 
Bonnie’s lips curled into a smile. The cunning and ridicule in her eyes were unmistakable. “How smart of you. Ivor, who’s also my fiancé, went through a great deal of trouble and spent a lot of money on this. I told him to forget about it, but he just wouldn’t listen to me. I couldn’t help it.” 
Halle’s face twisted, and Rowena looked even more furious. 
Bonnie chuckled when she saw their faces. “You’re his cousin, Halle. And you’re his childhood friend, Rowena. You should try to talk some sense into him. Tell him not to spend all that money wasted a lot on that!” 
y on me. He’s 
“Why, you! What a load of crap! Ivor hates you. There’s no way he bought you anything! He must have bought this dress because Grandpa made him. I’d even go so far as to say Grandpa was the one who bought you the dress, not Ivor. You just put it that way to make yourself look better.” 
What Halle said made sense. Rowena agreed and let out a sigh of relief internally. There was no way Ivor would treat this nobody so well. 
“Suit yourself,” Bonnie said. She didn’t give a damn about them. 
“Hmph! Since you said that, that must have been the truth. You’re just a hick and a nobody. Why would Ivor spend that kind of money on a dress for you?” 
Bonnie stared at her defiantly. “I’m a nobody? How did you figure that?” 
“Well…” Halle stopped herself when she remembered that Bonnie was the Best Scholar in the city. 
There was more. Rowena had tried to see Master Quenton when she heard he was at the Knight’s to convince him to take her on as his apprentice. To their surprise, Master Quenton seemed to really respect Bonnie. They also found out that her tea brewing skill outmatched Master Quenton’s. 
At that moment, Ivor walked over. When Rowena saw him, she tugged at Halle’s arm. “Here comes Ivor. Let’s ask if he bought Bonnie the dress.” 
Halle’s eyes glinted. She refused to believe Ivor would buy a dress for Bonnie. She ran toward him and asked, “Bonnie said you bought her the dress, Ivor. Is it true?” 
She cast a taunting glance at Bonnie. 
‘Just wait and see. I’m going to expose your lies,‘ she thought. 
Ivor thought for a few seconds and said, “Yeah. That’s right. Is there a problem?” 
Chapter 69 
272 
Halle and Rowena gawked. Bonnie locked her gaze on him too. 
“W–Well. Grandpa must have made you do it, right?” Halle refused to give up. 
Ivor’s eyes grew darker. “I bought a dress for my fiancé. Why would anyone need to make me do it?” 
His words shocked Halle and Rowena to their core. 
“C–Come on, Ivor. You can’t be serious. Right?” 
Ivor didn’t answer her. Instead, he took Bonnie’s hand and said, “Let’s go over there. They have your 
favorite tiramisu cake.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 70
Chapter 70 
“Okay.” Bonnie didn’t resist and let Ivor lead her away. 
Halle and Rowena’s faces went from shocked to disbelief, all the way to denial. It was a sight to see. 
“What on earth happened, Halle? Has Ivor really fallen for her? What should I do if that really is 
true?” Rowena wa 
upset. She looked like she was about to burst into tears. 
‘Stop it. Ivor has taste. There was no way he’d fall in love with Bonnie.” 
“You say that, but he bought her an expensive dress. How do we explain that?” 
‘Maybe he just wanted to preserve the honor of his branch of the family.” 
“Well… He held her hand too. He’s never held any woman’s hands, not even mine. How do we explain 
that?” 
Halle scratched her head. She didn’t have an answer for that. In fact, she would love to know. 
When Bonnie and Ivor had walked far enough away from Halle and Rowena, she said, “Thanks for that.” She raised her glass. Ivor lightly clinked her glass with his. “That was my duty. No thanks are 
necessary. 
“Although…” She frowned slightly. 
“What is it?” 
She turned her head to look at Rowena, who wasn’t that far away. Then, she shot a deliberate gaze at him. “She seems to really like you. Haven’t you just squandered your chance at a romantic relationship?” 
His lips curled into a smile. “Listen to yourself. Are you jealous?” 
“I’m many things, but I’m not jealous.” 
Ivor had been a little happy, but he looked glum after he heard what she said. 
Halle and Rowena were cooking up a plan to teach Bonnie a lesson. They were trying to find a way to 
humiliate her. 
They approached Bonnie again. Halle raised her voice so she could attract some attention to themselves. “You once told me that you were good at flower arranging, Bonnie. What a coincidence.. Rowena’s good at it too. Maybe you two should have a competition. It doesn’t matter who wins. It’ll just add something fun to the party. What do you think?” 
Ivor leaned closer to Bonnie and whispered, “Do you know your way around flower arranging?” 
“I know enough to get by, but I’ve never told them that.” 
Suddenly, it hit Ivor. They were doing this on purpose. 
Chapter 70 
2/2 
“Hey, Bonnie! Why aren’t you answering me? Are you going to chicken out? Like I said, it doesn’t matter who wins. It’s just a game. Are you going to disrespect us by turning us down? Or do you just think you’re too good for Rowena?” 
The other guests heard the commotion and cast strange glances at Bonnie. They began to murmur. 
Ivor squinted at the pushy Halle. As he started to say something, Bonnie stepped up. 
“Let’s do it, but we’ll need to have some stakes. Otherwise, it’ll be a waste of time.” 
“Sure. What’s on your mind?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 71
Chapter 71 
Bonnie said casually, “You’ll stay away from me and Ivor for the duration of our agreement if I win. You’re annoying ” 
She looked at Rowena and added, “That means you, too.” 
“Sure!” Halle gritted her teeth. “What happens if you lose?” 
“Then I lose,” Bonnie said softly. 
“Why, you! Shouldn’t you have to pay a price if you lose? You’re such a cheater. Looks like you know just how to take advantage of someone else!” 
Bonnie leaned on a pillar nonchalantly and raised her brows. “We can just forget about this competition if you don’t like the deal.” 
Damn that Bonnie! Both Halle and Rowena were so pissed they wanted to pounce on her. Bonnie had the high ground, and they could think of nothing to say to her! 
Floyd stood by Ivor’s side and muttered, “Ms. Bonnie’s kind of tough.” 
11 
“How long did it take for you to figure that out?” 
Floyd turned to look at Ivor and saw that he seemed very proud of her. 
The competition started when all the materials for flower arranging had been prepared. 
“Wait,” said Bonnie. 
Halle crossed her arms and said, “What’s the matter? Are you regretting your decision? Are you going to give up because you know what’s good for you?” 
“I’m not one to admit defeat. I just have a question. How are we going to decide who wins?” 
Flower arranging wasn’t the same as chess. You could tell a clear victor in a chess match. On the other hand, flower arranging was a visual art. It depended on whether it was pleasing to the viewer, which meant it could be very subjective. 
Since Bonnie was at the Knight family’s party, she worried that the viewers here would appreciate Halle’s work more when they were both done. 
“Don’t worry about that. I’ve asked someone to bring in an expert in the art of flower arranging. I’ll make sure you’ll accept your loss!” Halle was prepared for this. 
“I have no more questions, then. Let’s begin.” 
Time passed as guests gathered around Bonnie. Some guests gathered around Rowena at first, but when they noticed a crowd congregating around Bonnie, they were curious, so they went over to see 
her work too. 
“How wonderful! It’s so visually pleasing! She’s like an expert herself!” 
Chapter 71 
2/2 
“Look at that last stalk of silver ragwort. It was so well done!” 
“You can see the flowers hanging both high and low, and she has just the right amount of densely packed and loosely strewn flowers. The abstract and the real have been blended together in perfect harmony, and each layer is wonderfully done. It’s a feast for the eyes!” 
“It’s elegant and graceful, but it’s also evoking some deep thought. I could stand here looking at it all day.” 
Rowena was irritated as she heard the guests showering Bonnie with compliments. 
“Hey! Why are all of you focusing on Bonnie? Rowena’s done with her arrangement too! Why aren’t you looking at her flowers?” Halle stomped her feet in anger. 
But nobody turned around even after she yelled at them. They continued to appreciate Bonnie’s flower arrangement. 
Was it really that good? 
Halle squeezed into the crowd and looked at the flowers on the table. She couldn’t help but exclaim,” Wow! That’s amazing!” She quickly covered her mouth as her face turned red. 
Rowena made her way there too. She squeezed into the crowd, displeased, but all she could do after seeing Bonnie’s flowers was lower her head. 
Bonnie looked at Halle. “Where’s the expert?” 
Halle and Rowena’s faces turned very red at that. 
Bonnie frowned and asked, “Why aren’t you saying anything?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 72
Chapter 72 
“Hmph! I’ll give it to you, Bonnie. You got lucky and won the competition, but there’s no need to be so pushy!” Halle wished she could hide somewhere now. It was clear that Bonnie had triumphed over Rowena. There was no need for the expert’s evaluation. 
“When was I being pushy?” Bonnie was puzzled. 
“Just admit it. Your flower arranging skills match that of an expert, but you still decided to have the competition with us. Isn’t it obvious you wanted to humiliate us?” Rowena was on the brink of tears. 
“Don’t judge me like that. I’ve never studied flower arranging in my life. I just looked through some books in the library when I was bored,” Bonnie said truthfully. 
Was that all she had done? Was she just good at it? 
Halle and Rowena didn’t buy what she said. If that was true, did that mean she was a genius? No way. She would be the mother of all geniuses. A freak of nature! 
After that, Halle and Rowena left the venue, wailing. 
Ivor looked at Bonnie curiously and asked, “When did you study flower arranging?” She had demonstrated impeccable skill. Could she also have learned it while she was young, like kickboxing? Just how many skills did she possess? She showed great mastery over each one! 
She answered sternly, “Honestly, I’ve never studied flower arranging in my life. I wasn’t lying to 
them.” 
It wasn’t every day that Ivor was so surprised he let it show on his face, but that happened today. After a pause, he said, “Do you mean to tell me you picked up flower arranging just by flipping through a few pages in the library? You really seemed like a master!” 
She looked at her flowers and said, “I think it’s just okay. It’s nothing to write home about.” 
Ivor drew in a sharp breath and cast a compassionate gaze at Halle and Rowena. He finally understood why Grandpa had been adamant about getting them together, He was trying to secure an extraordinary woman for him! 
As Ivor was lost in thought, Bonnie said wearily, “It’s exhausting to be your fiancé. There are so many problems for me to untangle. It’s a good thing there’s only a few days left on the clock” 
Ivor’s expression shifted and grew cold. 
“They just served some chocolate. I’m going to grab some.” With that, she left. 
Floyd inhaled sharply and said, “Ms. Bonnie almost makes me feel bad about how ordinary I am.” Then, he noticed Tim, who was secretly Jim, getting closer to Bonnie. 
“Tim’s doing his job really well. He’s still protecting her at a close distance on an occasion like this.” 
Ivor also noticed what Jim was doing. He stopped when he was about six feet away from her and 
Chapter 72 
leaned on the wall, protecting her in silence. The whole image looked so natural that it felt as if it was Jim’s destiny to keep Bonnie safe. 
“Say, do you think they knew each other? 
“I’m sorry. Who?” Floyd asked. He caught himself. “Are you talking about Ms. Bonnie and Tim? That’s impossible. I asked Alfred about it. They clearly didn’t know each other the first day they met. 
“Huh?” Floyd trained his gaze on Jim 
“What’s the matter?” Ivor asked. 
“Why do I get the feeling he looks like someone I know? The longer I look at him, the more he seems familiar.” 
Ivor was about to ask another question when he saw Flynn, one of his cousins, walking briskly toward 
Bonnie. 
He approached her, scanned her from top to bottom, and reached out to her. “Hey…” As he was about to introduce himself, Bonnie gave him a piece of chocolate. 
“You’re welcome.” She withdrew her hand and moved to take another piece. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 73
Chapter 73 
Flynn grinned. 
Intriguing. 
Jim squinted at him, his face growing darker by the second. 
When Bonnie realized the man hadn’t left, she looked at him suspiciously. “Can I help you with something?” Wasn’t he here for the chocolate? 
Flynn raised his hand, brushed aside the rogue hair on his forehead, and flashed what he thought was a charming smile at her. “The name’s Flynn. I was there when you were engaged to Ivor, my cousin.” 
“Oh. I didn’t seem to notice you,” She said indifferently. 
Flynn abruptly stepped closer to her. 
She looked at him in alarm and thought he had an ulterior motive. “Is there anything you want from me?” 
Ivor’s face turned dark. As he was about to approach them, Ged got in his way, “Why don’t we go for a car ride and have a good time after the party, Ivor? White and the gang have already headed out.” 
“You’re blocking my view.” 
“Huh?” 
Ged was stunned. He turned and followed Ivor’s gaze, seeing Bonnie and Flynn. 
“What are they doing together? That cousin of yours has a pretty messy private life. Do you think he’s trying something funny because he thinks your fiancé is hot?” 
Ged felt the room grow colder as he said that. When he turned back to Ivor, he saw that his expression 
was icy. 
“Look at you. You’re getting all worked up. You’ve obviously fallen for Bonnie. 
Ivor didn’t say anything about that. Instead, he pursed his lips. 
ght Ged. 
‘I’ll take his silence as a yes,‘ thought 
Flynn was boldly checking Bonnie out. Her skin was as delicate as porcelain, and her exposed shoulders were rosy. Her slender, graceful figure looked as if it was ripe for the picking. 
She also had killer supermodel legs that were barely visible underneath her dress. And when Flynn noticed her alluring looks and sparkling eyes, he could barely hold back the primal instinct within 
him. 
She was one of the most attractive women he had ever seen! 
Bonnie’s sharp eyes burned with animosity. “I would gouge your eyes out if you weren’t related to 
Charter 73 
212 
Grandpa.” 
“Hehehe…” Flynn smirked. “Just what I expected from the woman who picked a fight with Aunt 
Maisie. You’re so feisty, I love it.” 
“You seem like the type who can find trouble anywhere.” Bonnie’s voice grew colder. 
“Don’t be like that. I don’t mean you any harm. Anyway, Ivor’s probably the one who’s been giving you trouble. You’ve spent quite some time with him. Wouldn’t you say you’ve taken the brunt of his temper? 
“That’s how he’s always been. He’s not a man who treats women well. None of the women who approached him was his cup of tea. The way I see it, he either can’t get it up at all, or he has no interest in women.” 
“What exactly are you trying to tell me?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 74
Chapter 74 
“I think I’m being clear enough. Nothing good will come from your relationship with him. Anyway, your engagement is ending soon. You’ll go back to being a nobody once the clock runs out on your little agreement. 
“There’s no way I’ll let you go back to your old life and suffer. You’d be better off with me. You can buy all sorts of bags and jewelry. And let’s get something out of the way. I’ll never marry you. After all, you’re from a humble background. My parents would never agree to it anyway.” 
“Is that all?” Bonnie was getting annoyed. 
Flynn thought he had given her the best terms possible. There was no way Bonnie would turn him down now. He was feeling good about himself and didn’t notice the disdain on her face. 
“That’s all I have to say. What do you think? I bet you can’t wait to jump at the offer.” 
She clenched her fist and said, “Not really, but I do have a strong urge to beat you to a pulp.” 
Flynn was stunned. 
“Get out of my sight. I’m losing my appetite just looking at you. 
“Why, you little…!” Flynn was about to get mad when he thought of something and smirked. “Oh, I know. Did you turn me down because you were worried someone might have heard what I said? It’s okay. We’re kind of far away from everyone else. No one will know about this.” 
Bonnie no longer wanted to talk to him. She treated him like he was invisible and let him ramble on. 
Flynn noticed she was quiet and took her silence as a yes. He looked at her figure and checked to see if there was anyone around him before reaching out to touch her. 
He asked for this! Jim lifted his leg to kick Flynn. 
Bonnie noticed and realized she probably shouldn’t let Jim hurt one of the Knight family members. It would be difficult to clean up that mess, and his real identity could be exposed. 
So, she moved faster and swung her leg at Flynn’s groin. 
“Ouch!” Flynn yelled out in pain. He closed his legs and took several steps back. His face turned red and he started sweating profusely. 
“Flynn!” His mother, Sydney Zimmerman, ran over in concern. “Are you okay?” 
“Owww. It hurts, Mom.” 
“Damn you, you b***! How dare you kick my son?!” Sydney roared. 
Bonnie looked at them condescendingly. “He had it coming.” 
“You’re really full of yourself. How dare you say that when you kicked him, you hick!” 
Chapter 74 
272 
“Full of myself? Me? Why don’t you ask your dear son what he did?” 
Ivor walked over to them as she spoke and stood by Bonnie. He didn’t say or do anything, but it was clear that he was there to support Bonnie. 
Gunnar Knight, Flynn’s father, heard the ruckus and came over. When he saw his son holding his groin, he asked, “What on earth happened here?“. 
Flynn spoke through the pain. “It’s her. She wanted to s*** me, so I let her have it. Then she hit me out of spite.” 
Several party guests threw disdainful glances at Bonnie when they heard that. 
“Did that really happen? Was Bonnie trying to s*** Flynn?” 
“Didn’t you hear what he said? Bonnie and Ivor’s engagement is ending, so I’m guessing she wasn’t willing to go back to her old life because she got used to the high life. Maybe that was why she tried to s*** him?” 
“You have a point.‘ 
“You’re shameless!” Sydney yelled. “I’ve seen a lot of hicks, but I’ve never seen a w*** as shameless as you!” 
Bonnie took a step forward and slapped Sydney right across the face. 
‘Slap!‘ With that, the busy party was thrown into an eerie silence. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 75
Chapter 75 
Nobody thought Bonnie would slap Sydney so savagely. 
Sydney covered her face and stared daggers at Bonnie. “H–How dare you slap me? I can’t believe you did that!” 
Why can’t I slap you? You called me a hick and a w***. You were born into a wealthy family, and I’m sure you’ve been very well educated since you were young- 
“Is this how you repay your parents for that? You insulted someone when you didn’t even know the truth about what happened.” Bonnie stared at her coldly, and the animosity coming off of her was unmistakable. 
Never in Sydney’s wildest dreams did she think she would be lectured by a young woman. She had lived like a princess ever since she was young. No one had ever slapped her, and even her doted on her as if she were the most precious treasure in the world. 
ting me!” 
“I’m your husband’s aunt. You’ve committed a great sin by hitting 
parents 
had 
“Heh. My husband? I’m only engaged to Ivor. I haven’t married him yet. Don’t try to fool me with something that isn’t even real. Let’s assume you’re right for a second. You would still have deserved that because you don’t know how to carry yourself like a respectable old lady.” 
Sydney just couldn’t win. Her sense of helplessness and rage grew by the second. In the end, she threw herself into Gunnar’s arms and wailed. 
“She hit me and Flynn, honey. Why are you still just standing here? You need to stand up for us! How will I live, knowing she slapped me at my age? I should just kill myself!” 
Gunnar felt annoyed but helpless. He looked at Ivor. “Maybe Bonnie should…” 
“Flynn brought this on himself,” said Ivor blankly. 
Bonnie looked at him. She thought he would take his relatives‘ side and leverage this situation to call off their agreement and never see her again. She didn’t think he would support her instead. 
“H–Hey, Ivor. You can’t…” 
“I might have been further away, but I clearly saw Flynn moving in on my wife with bad intentions.” 
“Is that true?” Gunnar glared at his son. 
Flynn gritted his teeth and said, “That wasn’t what happened, Ivor. I went over there because I wanted to get some food. She was the one who slid up to me and rubbed her body against mine. 
“She said she didn’t want to go back to her old life now that your engagement was ending. She even said she’d do anything as long as I accepted her. But there was no way I’d do that. 
“Your engagement with her might be ending, but I’ll still think of her as my former cousin -in–law. Anyway, she’s a w*** who’s clearly willing to use her body for personal gain. I wouldn’t dream of 
Chapter 75 
touching her even if she were the last woman on Earth.” 
2/2 
Jim almost lost his cool and beat Flynn up when he heard that. Bonnie had secretly given him a look to stop him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have cared about the circumstances and his real identity. He would have made Flynn regret belittling Bonnie with his lies! 
“Listen to him, Ivor! Your fiance is the one who was being inappropriate. She s*** my son. I demand she get down on her knees and apologize!” Sydney hated Bonnie. 
Bonnie, on the other hand, smirked. She scanned her surroundings and said, “I won’t kneel and apologize. Isn’t it true you Knights wanted me gone? To be honest, I couldn’t care less about this place. Goodbye.” 
She turned and started to leave. But a thick hand covered in calluses, grabbed her arm. 
She turned her hand and looked at the hand, following it all the way up to Ivor’s dashing but 
bewildered face. 
Was he going to tell her to apologize to his relatives? But she had a hunch he wouldn’t make her stay 
because of that 
Just as she was trying to figure it out, Ivor pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight. 
Bonnie and everyone else was confused. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 76
Chapter 76 
Jim charged at them, but Bonnie shot him a look. 
He couldn’t take it anymore! 
When Bonnie realized Jim hadn’t backed down, she frowned and mouthed the words. ‘Wait and see 
what happens next. 
Jim read her lips and had no choice but, grit his teeth, clench his fists, and stay still. 
Ivor swept his cold eyes over the crowd and stopped at Sydney. He said firmly, “Bonnie and I will be married forever. Our unwavering love will stand the test of time! 
His strong words hinted at his determination. It also proved to everyone that he wasn’t joking 
He was serious about this! Bonnie’s eyes widened as she stared at him, shocked. 
Sigmund saw everything from the second floor and was excited at how things had turned out. “Ivor finally sees what I saw!” 
Ivor must have uncovered some of Bonnie’s secrets during the time they spent together, Sigmund thought. He just wasn’t sure if Ivor had discovered her identity as Ms. Bonita. 
“A–Are you serious?” Sydney stuttered and asked. 
Ivor nodded solemnly. “It’s what Grandpa and I both want.” 
“Why didn’t you run this by me?” Bonnie whispered. 
Ivor met her gaze, deep affection in his dark eyes. “I’m doing it now.” 
“I won’t agree to this. Our engagement is about to end. I’ll leave as soon as it’s over. You can have your life, and I can have mine.” 
“What does that have to do with me trying to win your heart?” 
She frowned and locked eyes with him. The air between them shimmered with tension and chemistry. 
Was he putting on an act? Had he just taken it a little too far? She couldn’t figure out what was going 
on. 
They spoke so softly that no one caught what they said, but anyone could tell there was a frisson between them from the way they leaned so close to each other. The guests slowly turned their eyes on Flynn. 
“Didn’t he say Bonnie s*** him? He even said Ivor didn’t want anything to do with her. But look at how sweet they are with each other. 
“Ivor confessed his love so sweetly. There’s no way she’d give up on him and s*** Flynn instead.” 
“You have a point. Looks like Flynn lied. I don’t get it, though. Why would he lie and frame Bonnie? 
Chapter 76 
And why did she kick him in the groin?” 
“Isn’t it obvious? Don’t you know that Flynn has a messy private life? He’s a real p***. He must have had his eye on her, but he didn’t know Ivor loved her and no one else. He tried to steal Ivor’s 
fiancé and hit a brick wall instead.” 
Flynn was miserable as he heard everyone muttering about him. Clenching his fist, he gritted his teeth and decided to keep lying. 
“You have to believe me, Ivor. She did try to s*** me. I was wondering if it was because she felt insecure about her relationship with you and thought of me as the second option. 
2/2 
“I swear I didn’t lie. If I did, may heaven take my life, sever my line of descendants, and let me suffer 
a horrible death!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 77
Chapter 77 
The guests heard Flynn’s oath and were swayed again. It was a solemn oath. So, had Flynn lied or not? 
Sydney pitted herself against Bonnie furiously and said, “My son has sworn a solemn oath. You can no longer deny that you tried to s*** him!” 
Bonnie was very surprised. She couldn’t believe that Flynn had sworn an oath like that. However, she wasn’t going to be deterred by an insufferable jerk. 
“What’s the point of a legal system if we rely only on oaths?” 
“Why, you! I can’t believe you’re still denying it. Do you think everyone here believes you?” Sydney’s chest heaved as she breathed heavily. 
Jim stepped forward. “I hold in my hands the proof that Flynn was trying to take advantage of Ms. 
Bonnie.” 
Ivor squinted at Jim. 
“You have proof? What proof? Show me! Show everyone if you can! My son is innocent. He swore a solemn oath, for heaven’s sake. Let’s see this proof of yours!” 
Jim took out his phone and played a recording. 
It 
It was very clear that Flynn was the one who had tried to hit on Bonnie. 
Sydney stopped hollering. Her jaw fell to the floor. Gunnar was so ashamed he wished he could disappear. 
Flynn stared daggers at Jim. The bodyguard had thrown a wrench into his plan. 
“Ahem!” Sigmund walked over and looked at Flynn. “It’s bad enough you wasted most of your days drinking and fooling around. You even flirted with Ivor’s wife!” 
“I’m sorry, Grandpa! Please forgive me. I let it go to my head. Anyway, I thought he didn’t like Bonnie. Didn’t you want her to marry into our family? I’m willing to take her if Ivor doesn’t want to.” Flynn patted himself on the back internally as he spoke. 
Ivor’s face grew dark. 
Sigmund struck Flynn with his cane. “You bastard! You clearly haven’t seen the error of your ways! I can’t believe you’re saying such nonsense!” 
Flynn yelled in pain, but he wasn’t willing to give up. 
“You’re playing favorites, Grandpa. I’m your grandson too. Why can’t I marry Bonnie instead of 
Ivor?” 
“Do you deserve her? Take a look at yourself. I wouldn’t have said what I said if you deserved her in the slightest. If I set her up with you, I’d be ruining her life!” 
Chapter 77 
2/7 
“How could you say that about your own grandson, Grandpa? She just won the Best Scholar Award. What’s so special about her?” Flynn refused to give in. 
“She just won the Best Scholar Award? You know nothing!” 
Flynn could see he had really pissed Sigmund off. Things wouldn’t end well if he kept arguing with 
him. 
Sigmund turned to look at Gunnar and Sydney. “Take him back and make sure he learns some manners. He’s grounded for a month!” 
Sydney felt resentful and was about to say something, but her husband stopped her. “Let’s take Flynn home. We’ll talk about it later.” 
What a coward! Sydney glared at him. She wouldn’t have let this rest if the bodyguard hadn’t shown. everyone the recording. 
The party ended because of this incident. 
“Damn it! That bodyguard ruined everything!” Flynn flew into a rage as soon as he was back home. 
“Calm down, Mr. Flynn. How about I get a few men to teach him a lesson?” Someone suggested. 
“Good idea! Beat him to a pulp. Maim him, even! Remember to find some elite fighters. We can’t afford to underestimate any bodyguard working for Ivor. Wait a minute. We shouldn’t hire bodyguards. This is a job for hitmen!” 
“As you wish, Mr. Flynn. I’ll see to it right now.” 
Ivor stopped Jim as he was getting into the car with Bonnie. 
“You’re going back home with Floyd.” 
Jim glanced at Bonnie, but she just gave him a quiet look. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 78
Chapter 78 
Bonnie and Jim had only exchanged a brief look, but a vigilant Ivor caught it. 
“Here you go.” Ivor opened the car door for Bonnie. 
“Thanks.” Bonnie slid into the passenger’s seat. 
Jim watched as the car drove off into the distance. He didn’t avert his gaze until they vanished from his sight completely. 
Floyd leaned on his shoulder in a friendly manner and said, “It’s a good thing you were quick. Otherwise, it would have been a mess.” 
“I’m Ms. Bonnie’s bodyguard. It’s my duty.” 
“The night’s still young. Want to go for some kebabs?” Floyd said to Jim. 
“That won’t be necessary.” 
“Don’t worry about the money. You’re the new hire. It’s my duty to look after you. You might not know it, but I like you a lot. Come on. Let’s go.” Floyd started to drag Jim away. 
All of a sudden, Jim and Floyd stopped in their tracks. Their gazes met. 
“Did you sense that too?” Floyd asked. 
Jim continued walking. “Don’t give anything away.” 
“When did you realize?” Floyd was curious. It felt as if Jim had noticed a second before he did. They were being followed. 
“About a minute ago.” Jim knew what was on his mind. 
“Do you think they’re here because of you or me?” He asked. 
‘Have I pissed anyone off?‘ Jim thought to himself. He had fought in a lot of matches and antagonized 
a lot of people. 
Could it be his rivals from the international fighting competition? 
Jim made his way to a secluded place as he pondered the situation. 
“Stop them!” When the hitmen saw that there was no one around, they made themselves seen. Jim swept his eyes across the hitmen and counted fifteen men. They were all strong fighters. 
“Looks like they’re hitmen.” Floyd said, his back to Jim. 
“Exactly.” Jim could tell as well. 
hitmen ( 
Just as they were talking, the at them. They split into two groups. One of the groups. tried to fend Floyd off while the other one moved in to kill Jim.. 
Chapter 20 
2/2 
“They’re after Tim.‘ Floyd thought to himself. Who in the world wanted Tim dead? 
Floyd hadn’t gotten his job as Ivor’s bodyguard by being slow on the uptake. He could guess just who was behind this attack. 
“Watch out!” Floyd yelled. 
“Pow!” Jim punched one of the hitmen. He fell as if he had been hit by a truck. 
“Pfft!” Blood spurted from his mouth. 
“Impressive!” Floyd could tell Jim’s punch was more powerful than his. 
Jim took care of several hitmen as Floyd looked on admiringly. 
What a fight! 
At that moment, one of the hitmen jumped out of the bush behind Jim as he was facing two other 
opponents. 
“Watch out!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 79
Chapter 79 
Floyd yelled. 
Shit! Even he would have trouble surviving so many opponents. Tim might end up dead. He seemed to be having trouble shaking off the strong hitmen who surrounded him. 
Jim’s eyes contracted and his fighting spirit grew. He seized one out of the three hitmen in front of him and tossed him at the two others. Another hitman snuck behind him and threw a punch to the back of his head. 
Reacting swiftly, he bent over, and the hitman’s fist brushed past him. Next, he took a step back with his right foot, gathering momentum, and hurled his fist at his opponent! 
It landed right in his opponent’s face, knocking him unconscious and throwing him to the ground. Was that the Soaring Cannon?! 
Floyd’s eyes widened as he watched that incredible moment. That was Master Jim’s signature move! 
Jim was completely fired up. Cracking his neck and twisting his arms, he wagged a finger at the rest of the hitmen, taunting them. 
Floyd was dumbfounded. He had watched the International Fighting Competition not long ago. Master Jim’s opponent had insulted Arvandor right before the semi–final. As a proud Arvandorian, Master Jim didn’t stand idly by. Instead, he wagged his finger at his opponent and taunted him as well. 
Tim’s current demeanor and battle spirit were a carbon copy of Master Jim’s! 
Jim completely overpowered his opponents and made quick work of them while Floyd tried to recover from the shock. His vanquished foes lay still on the ground. 
Floyd’s jaw was still agape as he stared at Jim incredulously. 
Jim was having a good time. It had been a long time since he had such an exhilarating fight. He turned to see Floyd’s shocked expression and cursed internally. 
He had let his battle l*** take over and forgot to keep his fighting skills in check. Had he made Floyd suspicious? 
“What’s wrong, Floyd?” He asked as he walked over. 
Floyd finally recovered from his shock and asked, “D–Did you just use the Soaring Cannon?” 
So, he recognized it. 
Jim smiled gingerly. “Don’t you know I’m a fan of Master Jim? I watched his matches and copied him.” 
“That’s his signature move! No one can copy that! Not even I have been able to recreate it faithfully! 
Chapter 79 
Floyd wasn’t exaggerating. Master Jim was the only one who could use that move to its full destructive power. Other fighters might have been able to imitate it in look, but never in essence. 
“It’s not that hard, actually. Maybe I just have a knack for it,” Jim responded lightly. 
Floyd thought about what Jim said and figured it was a sound reason. 
20 
Maybe Tim did have a knack for the Soaring Cannon. It still didn’t sound right to him, but he couldn’t. find another reason to explain what he had just seen. 
Could Tim really be Master Jim? They didn’t look alike, though! Had Master Jim changed his appearance to disguise himself? 
But Master Jim was Ms. Bonita’s personal bodyguard! 
Jim watched Floyd’s reaction closely and decided that he believed his story. 
“Come on. Let’s go have some kebabs.” 
Floyd grunted and followed Jim. 
Jim was acting naturally. Maybe he was just reading too much into it. 
Bonnie and Ivor’s car stopped at a traffic light. Bonnie turned to look at Ivor. 
“There’s a dock right up front. Should we go for a walk?” 
Ivor was a little surprised, but responded, “Sure.” 
He pulled over and walked on the dock with Bonnie. The breeze blew in the chill from the ocean. 
Ivor took off his suit jacket and gave it to Bonnie. 
“It’s a little cold. Take this.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 80
Chapter 80 
“It’s not that cold. You can put it back on.” 
Ivor ignored her and put the suit jacket over Bonnie’s shoulders. His warmth lingered in the suit jacket, and it warmed up not just her body, but her heart as well. 
“Thank you for helping me back at the party, but you shouldn’t have said what you said. It was my personal affair and what you said will just lead to a misunderstanding. Everyone probably thinks we’re a real couple now.” 
Ivor’s lips curled into a smile and he looked at Bonnie lovingly. “Let them be.” 
“Don’t you care?” She raised her 
r brow. 
“So 
what? I think it’s good that they think that.” 
Huh? Bonnie’s eyes widened and she proceeded to scan Ivor. She was a smart woman. She could gauge just how truthful he was being. 
After a brief pause, she asked, “Do you have a real crush on me?” It was the same question she had asked him before. He had denied it back then.. 
“Bingo.” He nodded. 
He had answered her question so casually that she wasn’t sure if he was being serious. She was still thinking it over when he suddenly lowered his head and kissed her forehead. 
Bonnie was dazed, surprised, and couldn’t believe what just happened. She whipped her head back and saw Ivor meet her gaze firmly, smiling faintly. 
After a few seconds, Bonnie abruptly took several steps back. 
“Are you serious? Or is this some kind of joke?” 
It was refreshing to see Bonnie panic. Ivor loved it. He couldn’t help himself and decided to tease her a 
little. 
“Take a guess. 
Bonnie rolled her eyes, turned, and left. 
“Hey. Are you mad?” 
Bonnie didn’t respond. 
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have teased you.” 
Still unwilling to look at him, she continued to walk away and brushed past his car. She had decided to 
call a cab home. 
Ivor realized what she was doing and walked over to grab her hand. He pulled her to his side, gripped. 
Chapter 80 
212 
her shoulder, and said seriously, “I mean it. There are eight days and twenty–two hours left on the clock. Our engagement is ending soon. You’ll know how serious I am by then.” 
She scanned him meticulously and decided that she couldn’t read his mind. 
“You just love to act all mysterious.” 
He could tell she was no longer mad at him, Smiling, he said, “Let’s go home.” 
Ivor tracked down Floyd the moment he arrived home. 
“Did you do what I asked?” 
“They’re working on the engagement ring you reserved. It’ll be ready before your engagement ends. I’ve also finalized setting up the venue.” 
“Okay. Well done. You can go.” Ivor could barely wait to get this done. It would be the memory of a 
lifetime for Bonnie. 
It took him several seconds to realize that Floyd hadn’t left. 
“Is there anything else?” 
Floyd was still thinking about Tim. He could no longer bear it. 
“There’s more to Tim than meets the eye, Mr. Ivor. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 81
Chapter 81 
“Go ahead.” Ivor’s eyes were half–open. 
“Here’s the thing. We were going to grab something to eat earlier when…” Floyd told his master every single detail of what happened earlier. 
“Are you saying Tim used the Soaring Cannon on the hitmen? And it’s one of Master Jim’s signature moves?” 
Floyd nodded furiously. “To be honest, I’ve never seen anyone use the Soaring Cannon so proficiently in all my years of combat experience. I know Jim says he’s very skilled in combat, and that might explain it, but I can’t shake the feeling that something’s just not right.” 
“What are you thinking?” In fact, Ivor had noticed that something seemed amiss with Tim. 
Floyd’s brow knitted. “I think he’s connected to Master Jim.” 
“I thought you were going to tell me that Master Jim had disguised himself as Tim.” 
“Now that you mention it, I did think he might be Master Jim when I first saw him using the Soaring Cannon. But I thought about it and decided it wasn’t possible. Master Jim is Ms. Bonita’s top 
bodyguard. There’s no way it could be him.” 
Ivor nodded. “That’s a good analysis. But Tim is just…” He paused and said, “Investigate him thoroughly.” 
“You speak my mind, Mr. Ivor.” 
“Remember. Do it discreetly. Make sure he doesn’t find out about this.” 
“Understood, Mr. Ivor. Leave it to me.” 
In the next room, Bonnie and Jim faced each other. 
“You used the Soaring Cannon right in front of Floyd?” Bonnie frowned and asked. 
He nodded. “It was a dangerous situation. I reacted instinctively.” 
“As far as I know, he’s a loyal fan of yours. Wasn’t he suspicious at all?” 
“He was, but I explained that I might just have a knack for this particular move.” 
“Did he believe you?” 
Jim frowned. “I think so.” 
Bonnie rubbed her chin and said, “Floyd might seem like he doesn’t care, but think about it. Would Ivor let some gullible fool work for him? He’s probably Ivor’s most trusted servant too.” 
“Are you saying that he was suspicious of me, but just chose to say nothing about it?” 
“It’s very possible,” Bonnie said. “If my assumptions are correct, Floyd would have told Ivor 
Chapter 81 
everything by now. He’s a smart guy. It’s highly likely that he gave Floyd the order to quietly investigate you. 
“Anyway, how did you get your alias as Tim Reid? Is it easily traceable?” 
2/2 
“There’s no need to worry about that, Ms. Bonnie. The guys who did it for me did a meticulous job. Floyd won’t be able to trace it back to me.” Jim patted his chest confidently. 
“I wouldn’t worry if it were any other guy, but Ivor is something else…” Bonnie looked at the room next to hers and saw Ivor’s wise and elegant face in her mind. 
“He’s smart, and he has the means to put it to good use.” 
Do you think Ivor is capable of finding out some kind of clue about me?” 
“Correct.” She turned to look at Jim. “Don’t worry, though. I’m going to ask someone for help.” 
Jim asked curiously, “Who are you going to call, Ms. Bonnie? Who could keep my identity from Ivor?” 
“I’m going to contact someone from the SR League.” She responded. 
Jim’s eyes widened. “You know the top brass of the SR League?!” 
The SR League was a powerful globally recognized taskforce. It accepted and distributed missions to all kinds of agents around the globe. Their mission completion rate was unbelievably high. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 82
Chapter 82 
The SR League was capable of completing any mission, as long as you could pay for it. 
“I don’t know any of the top brass in the SR League. I only know its founder,” Bonnie said lightly. 
Jim was rooted to the spot when he heard Bonnie’s last sentence. 
“Y–You know the founder of SR League?!” 
This was the SR League they were talking about! They were the number one task force in the world! Bonnie had never brought this up in all the time he had known her. 
“I know him from a few years back.” 
“How did you meet?” 
was pure chance. The founder’s mother had a serious illness, and he posted a mission in the league with a one billion dollar reward. I was getting a little bored in the research institute when I saw it, so I accepted the mission.” 
Then, it hit Jim. 
“That explains what happened when you went off the radar. You wouldn’t tell me where you went even when I asked. So you went away to treat the SR League founder’s mother.” 
“Are you really so surprised that I know the founder of the SR League?” Bonnie sat down and sipped a cup of tea. 
Floyd stared at her and had the urge to smack his own head. 
How funny. She was right! The SR League was a mythical entity to a lot of people, but Bonnie was the nation’s leading researcher! She was a legendary figure herself. 
The founder of the SR League might be a strong character, but he probably didn’t hold a candle to 
Bonnie. 
Bonnie checked the time and said, “It’s getting late. You should go. Tread lightly. Don’t let anyone see 
you.” 
“Like I said, don’t worry about it. I’m the King of Combat, after all.” Jim smiled, leaped out of the window, and left. 
Bonnie opened her laptop and made a video call to the founder of SR League. 
He was blonde and had a pair of blue eyes that exuded both enigma and charm. His defined features made him a uniquely handsome man with an unrestrained vibe. 
He brushed through his long hair flashily and spoke with an accent unique to his culture. “Took you long enough to call me, Bonnie. Did you forget about me?” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched at his resentful tone. This was why she didn’t usually call him if she didn’t 
Chapter 82 
have anything important to say. 
“I need a favor, William.” 
2/2 
“Geez. You only call me when you need a favor, then you throw me aside when you’re done. You’re a heartless woman, Bonnie. In the words of your culture, you’re such a scumbag 
“Sure. Goodbye.” She couldn’t take it anymore. 
“No. Hold on! Don’t hang up! Didn’t you have a favor to ask? Just tell me. I’ll do it.” 
Bonnie told him about Jim and asked for William’s help to keep Jim’s identity from the Knights. 
“This isn’t a small job. The Knights are the wealthiest and most powerful family in Pyralis. If you want me to keep this from Ivor, it’s going to cost you.” 
“Name your price,” she said. 
“Are you seriously talking about a price? I thought we were closer than that!” William clutched hist left chest and acted as if he was hurt. 
Bonnie felt a headache starting. 
“Let’s do it this way. I’m going to Pyralis in a few days. I’ll be your guest, and you’ll have to make sure I have a good time there!” 
“Done.” 
“Oh. That’s right. A little birdie told me you’re engaged to Ivor!” As William said that, the good. humor on his face was replaced with a grim expression. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 83
Chapter 83 
“I see you’ve heard about that.” 
“But of course. I’m the founder of the SR League, after all. How about I give you a hand and remove Ivor for you, Bonnie?” William squinted his blue eyes. 
“My engagement with him ends in a few more days. We’ll go our separate ways and have nothing to do with each other after that,” Bonnie said nonchalantly. 
“Oh. That’s great.” 
“It’s getting late. I’m going to hang up now.” 
“Sure. Don’t let me keep you from your beauty sleep.” 
William called for his assistant immediately after he hung up. 
“Is there anything you need, Mr. William?” 
“Arrange a routine check on my private plane. I’m flying to Pyralis in a few days.” 
His assistant was puzzled. “Why are you flying there, Mr. William?” 
He flashed him an evil grin. “I’m going to get myself a wife.” 
“Brrr…” Bonnie suddenly felt goosebumps all over. Was someone talking about her? 
Forget it. She’d just hop in the shower. 
Flynn was throwing a fit at his house. “How the hell did you guys fail? Didn’t I tell you to hire professional hitmen? How did he defeat all of you? There were more than a dozen guys! Why is it so hard to finish off a single bodyguard?” 
The servant who had been entrusted with the task was shivering uncontrollably. “Floyd was there 
too.” 
“I know Floyd 
Floyd is a powerful fighter, but he was outnumbered. You had more than a dozen hitmen with you. Why couldn’t you take care of both of them? Tim’s just a rookie bodyguard, too.” 
“There’s something you don’t know, Mr. Flynn. I just investigated Tim. He might be new to the bodyguard business, but he managed to hold his own against Floyd.” 
“Is he really that good?” Flynn was stunned. 
“That’s not all. The bodyguard who ran from the scene told me that Tim’s a better fighter than Floyd. He even used the Soaring Cannon.” 
“Are you trying to fool me? Floyd is Ivor’s most capable servant. He’s efficient at his work, and his combat prowess is also extraordinarily powerful. Are you telling me that Tim is better than him? Wait 
2/2 
a minute… The Soaring Cannon… Why does that sound so familiar?” 
“It’s Master Jim’s signature move,” The servant responded. 
Flynn’s eyes widened and he raised his voice. “Master Jim?!” 
“That’s right. The Soaring Cannon is his signature move.” 
He touched his chin. “Now that you mention it, it’s coming back to me. I watched one of his matches, and the Soaring Cannon was devastating. It took out multiple opponents at once. 
“If I remember correctly, a lot of people have tried to copy that move, but none of them could pull it off. How did Tim manage to do it? Could he be related to Master Jim somehow?” 
Then, he looked at his servant and relayed an order. “Investigate Tim’s background. Let me know the second you find something.” 
“I’m on it.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 84
Chapter 84 
The weather was unbearably hot in the summer. It was a Tuesday and the fifth anniversary research institute. As its leading member, Bonnie was obliged to buy everyone a meal. 
y of the 
1/2 
A staff member at the research institute texted her. “We’ll be waiting for you at the Jade Horizon Hotel. Looking forward to meeting you there.” 
“Sure.” 
Bonnie hailed a cab and hit the road at ten o’clock. It took her only half an hour to get to the hotel. 
She had just gotten out of the cab when she heard a familiar voice. 
“Wow! This place really is the biggest hotel in Pyralis! I heard that it’s bigger than thirty–two thousand square feet. It’s huge! This is my first time here. I should thank you for this, Hadwin. There’s no way I could come to this place if it wasn’t for you. Thank you so much!” 
It was Trina, Bonnie’s hypocritical sister. 
Pride swelled in Hadwin’s chest when he heard what Trina said. “We’re getting engaged soon. That makes us practically family. There’s no need to thank me. But it is true that not everyone can step foot into the Jade Horizon Hotel. 
“They only serve high society. You need to be a member to even enter, and you need to have a 
minimum of one million dollars on their member card.” 
At that moment, Trina and Hadwin saw Bonnie at the hotel entrance. 
“Is that Bonnie? Is she going in? That won’t do. I need to stop her, or she’ll embarrass herself.” Trina made it sound like she had her sister’s best interests at heart and ran over to stop Bonnie. 
“You can’t go in there, Bonnie.” 
“Oh? Why not?” She asked nonchalantly. 
“What a hick!‘ Trina thought to herself. 
“This is the Jade Horizon Hotel! It’s the biggest hotel in Pyralis. You have to pay a million dollars just to get their member card, and you have to be a member of high society. 
“How will you get that kind of money? You would have just charged in if I hadn’t stopped you. The security guards at the entrance would have kicked you out!” Trina raised her voice on purpose so people around them would see how big of a joke Bonnie was. 
Hadwin came over and gave her a silver card. “Since you’re Trina’s sister, I’ll take you inside. But you’ll have to behave. Don’t wander off and embarrass me. My mom and dad are coming later. They might say something to you because of what you did. 
“They’re older than us and deserve our respect. You’ll be eating here for free, too. So you should know your place and keep your head down. If you can guarantee that, I’ll take you in and let you spend some 
Chapter 84 
time here.” 
The people who were around them looked at Hadwin’s silver card enviously. 
2/2 
“That’s a silver card! It’s not just an ordinary member card. I think you need to put a million dollars on that card to get it. 
“I heard about that card too. To be honest, I can afford it, but there was no way I was going to spend that kind of money getting that card just to be able to eat here.” 
“That’s right. We’re all businessmen. We would have invested our money into work projects. Who would spend that kind of money on a member card? They must be so rich that they have nothing else 
to buy anymore. 
Hadwin was very pleased to hear what those onlookers said. Trina was also thrilled because she had snatched Hadwin from her sister. She was just that good. 
Hadwin looked at Bonnie contemptuously and said, “What are you waiting for? There’s no need to feel sorry for going to have a meal at this very hotel. We’re here today because we want to see them. We just might run into the science prodigy herself if we’re lucky.” 
yourself. Here’s a secret. Ms. Bonita’s research team for? There’s no need to 
Trina was getting excited at the mention of Ms. Bonita. She reminded herself that she had to show all her skills to Ms. Bonita if she really managed to run into her. 
As she was thinking, Bonnie stubbornly walked toward the hotel entrance. 
What a moron! 
They had just told her that not everyone could go in, but she didn’t seem to believe them. Just wait and see. The security guards were going to kick her out. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 85
Chapter 85 
1/2 
Hadwin shook his head. He had agreed to bring her inside because she was the city’s Best Scholar. In the end, she was just another fool. Bonnie might be pretty, and she might have aced her SAT’s, but she wasn’t fit to lick his boots. 
Trina and Hadwin trained their gazes on Bonnie, waiting for her to embarrass herself. 
To their surprise, she went right in. The waiter and the security guards didn’t try to block her. They even bowed to her. 
What was that? 
Hadwin and Trina exchanged glances, confused. 
“Come on. Let’s go.” 
Bonnie was long gone by the time they entered the hotel. 
“Could she have some kind of connection to someone here?” 
Hadwin’s face grew dark. “She’s so shameless. I can’t believe she sold herself out just to get a meal here. Just forget about her. She’s killing the mood. Let’s ask someone where Ms. Bonita is.” 
“Okay.” Trina clenched her fists. This was what they had come here for. 
However, she was immediately distracted by two stunning men who walked into the hotel. One of 
them seemed aloof, while another one was dressed the way rich men did. Both of them were incredibly handsome. 
The aloof man was especially dashing. His features were sharp and his eyebrows were delicate. He was stunning and his bearing was out of this world. 
How dashing! 
Trina almost lost control and screamed. 
Hadwin noticed and followed her gaze. His brows furrowed when he saw the two men. 
“What are you looking at, Trina?” 
She caught herself abruptly and responded hastily, “Do they seem familiar to you, Hadwin?” 
He turned and scanned them. The man dressed in a black suit didn’t ring a bell. “Now that you mention it, the man in the blue suit looks a little familiar. I might have seen him somewhere… 
Really? That surprised Trina. 
Then, she asked, “Is he someone important in high society?” 
Hadwin thought for a good while but couldn’t remember who he was. “They’re gone anyway. We should go and ask for Ms. Bonita.” 
Chieter 8% 
272 
“Yeah Sure,” Trina said obediently. 
The man in the blue suit, who was Ged, averted his gaze from Hadwin and Trina. 
“Isn’t that Bonnie’s ex–fiancé, Ivor?” 
Ivor said lightly, “Yeah. That’s him. 
“Don’t you have something to say to him? For instance, you can tell him how ignorant he is. You can also thank him for giving Bonnie away,” Ged said, trying to provoke Ivor into action. 
“They were never close to begin with, and Bonnie never liked him. Why should I waste my time on a nobody?” Ivor responded nonchalantly. 
“I guess you’re right.” Ged nodded approvingly. “Anyway, today’s the anniversary of Ms. Bonita’s research institute. It’s such a coincidence, too. They’re having a meal here right now.” 
Ivor stopped in his tracks and asked, “How do you know?” 
“Hehe! I spent the whole night playing League of Legends with Ms. Bonita. She told me,” Ged said triumphantly. 
“Have you been playing games together these past few days?” 
“Bingo! Aren’t you jealous of me?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 86
Chapter 86 
Ivor stared at Ged sternly and said, “It’s bad enough that you’re not working and doing nothing with your time. Ms. Bonita, on the other hand, is a national treasure. 
“But you ask her to play games with you and disrupt the progress of her research every day. Aren’t you worried that some higher–up will come see you soon?” 
Ged was shocked. “W–What?“. 
Ivor continued to stare at him wordlessly. 
The more Ged thought about it, the more scared he became. Then, he puffed his chest out and raised 
his voice. 
“Ms. Bonita is an adult. She can make her own choices. Do you think I can stop her when she wants to play games herself? And another thing. She might be the personification of knowledge itself, but she’s also a normal human being! 
“Don’t you think she could use the downtime? When I play games with her, I’m entertaining her. Where are you going, Ivor? Wait for me!” 
Trina whipped her head around, but Ivor and Ged were long gone. 
“Why did you stop all of a sudden?” Hadwin asked, puzzled. 
“I think I heard them talking about Ms. Bonita.” Trina said uncertainly. 
“You must be mistaken. Come on. Forget about them. I just gave the manager a big bribe. He’s given 
me the location of Ms. Bonita’s private room. 
11 
“Fantastic! Let’s hurry on over!” Trina was beside herself with excitement. 
They reached Bonnie’s private room in no time. 
Hadwin stopped a waiter who was leaving the room and said, “Please tell them that a member of the Pyralis University Scientific Research Club is here to see Professor Terry. Her name’s Trina.” 
“Um…” The waiter seemed uncomfortable. 
“Professor Terry is very fond of her. He even came to talk to her during the nanomaterial press conference. Go ahead and tell him. We’ll take responsibility if anything happens. 
Hadwin took off his watch and gave it to the waiter. 
The waiter examined the expensive watch. He wrestled with himself and looked at Trina. “Do you really know Professor Terry?” 
“Of course! I’m not lying, I swear!” 
The waiter decided that she wasn’t lying. And anyway, there was the expensive watch. It was worth a 
shot. 
J 
So, he went back into the private room and said, “Ms. Trina is outside, Professor Terry. She says she knows you.” 
The room, which had been bustling with chatter, became quiet immediately. Everyone trained their gazes on Bonnie and Terry 
Terry smiled awkwardly. “Please don’t misunderstand, Ms. Bonita. I’m not related to Trina in the slightest. I’m guessing there was some sort of misunderstanding when I tried to deal with the situation for you at the press conference.” 
Bonnie waved her hand and said, “I know that. It’s not your fault.” 
She knew what Trina was like. She was so full of herself that her arrogance was out of this world. Bonnie turned to look at the waiter and said, “Don’t let her in.” 
“A Alright.” The waiter wasn’t dumb. He could tell Trina had very likely crossed Ms. Bonita in the past. He wanted to curse Trina and her family. She had almost gotten him into huge trouble. 
When he left the room, he returned the watch to Hadwin with an unfriendly expression and said, ” They don’t want you guys in there.” 
Trina and Hadwin didn’t think much of what the waiter said. They just thought Ms. Bonita wanted to keep a low profile. Maybe she didn’t want anyone to find out her real identity. 
“Let’s go, Trina.” 
“W–We can’t just leave.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Let’s just wait here. We can take a peek when they’ve finished their meal and see what the famous Ms. Bonita looks like.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 87
Chapter 87 
Hadwin would love that. However… 
“Let’s forget about it. It’ll be a disaster if they find us waiting here and we offend Ms. Bonita. Every wealthy, prestigious family in Pyralis will shun both our families. Ms. Bonita is a powerful woman,” “I don’t think she’s petty, though. She wouldn’t bear a grudge even if we did offend her. Anyway, we won’t be charging at her. We’d just be taking a peek from where we’re hiding. They won’t find us.” 
Hadwin wrestled with himself again. 
Trina noticed. She took his arms in hers and put on a cute voice to try to persuade him to do what she Ms. said. “Stop worrying about it, Hadwin. They won’t find out about us, I swear. More importantly, Bonita keeps a low profile. She’ll probably dress accordingly. 
“What will we do if we run into her and offend her without knowing it was her? It’ll be all because we didn’t recognize her. We’re just doing this so we can prepare ourselves. If she needs help at some point, we might be able to benefit. 
“If we know what she looks like, we can be the first to rush to her aid. And just like that, we’ll have made a connection with her! Once that happens, it’ll benefit both of our families. That’ll set us up for the future!” 
Trina was very convincing. Hadwin gritted his teeth and said, “Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Let’s do it!” 
They both hid in a corner and waited for Ms. Bonita and the researchers to leave their private room. 
About an hour later, Ivor and Ged finished their meals and left their private room. 
“Huh? What are they doing, sneaking around here? Nothing good, I bet.” Ged looked at Hadwin and Trina as he spoke. 
“It has nothing to do with us. Let’s go.” Ivor turned to leave. 
“Hold on! I have a hunch that we’re in for a good show.” Ged gestured for a waiter. 
“Mr. Ged. How can I…” 
“Shh! Speak quietly.” Ged looked at the private room that Hadwin and Trina were staring at. “Tell me. Who’s in that private room?” 
The waiter might have thought twice if someone else had asked him that, but Ged and Ivor were two of the most powerful men in the city. He didn’t dare lie to them. 
“It’s the researchers from Ms. Bonita’s research institute.” 
“What?!” Ged was shocked. Even Ivor was a little surprised. They exchanged glances. They knew Ms. Bonita and her researchers would be eating here today, but they couldn’t believe Hadwin and Trina were waiting for them. 
213 
“How reckled Ged couldn’t help but worry for them the noticed tvor trying to leave. “Are you leaving, Ivor? Don’t you want to see what Ms. Bonita looks lik 
Ivor turned and looked at him. “Those morons are fost asking for trouble. What’s the matter? Do you want to offend Ms. Romita as well?” 
Ged pouted and gave up the idea of waiting for Mc Bonita 
It was both of them, Trina thought. 
She noticed Ivor and God as they walked toward her from the other end of the hallway. She could look at them forever and she’d never get tired of the sight. They were just so dashing. She’d give anything for Radwin to look as dashing as them. 
The door to the private room opened and disrupted her fantasy. 
Ivor was right at the door when it swung open. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 88
Chapter 88 
“I didn’t think I’d be able to hear Ms. Bonita’s unique take on research at today’s gathering. I’ve learned more from her than from reading compendiums of journals! What a fruitful day!” One of the elderly professors opened the door as he spoke with his fellow researchers. 
“Agreed! Thank you, Ms. Bonita. I’m sorry you had to talk about work over lunch.” 
Then, they heard a young woman’s voice. Her voice stood out among the old professors. “It was nothing. I was just talking.” 
Hmm? Ivor stopped in his tracks. Was that Bonnie’s voice? 
Before he could complete his thought, Bonnie appeared as the professors showered praise on her. 
She saw Ivor, and her eyes widened slightly. 
Was that Bonnie?! What was she doing here? Trina’s eyes widened as well, while Hadwin was completely gobsmacked. 
“W–What are you doing here?” Ged asked the million–dollar question. 
It was a mind–boggling sight! Bonnie was just an ordinary student and a nobody, even in her family. But here she was, surrounded by the most prestigious scientists of Pyralis. Those old professors were Ms. Bonita’s researchers, too. 
Bonnie composed herself and said nonchalantly, “I know some people from Ms. Bonita’s research institute. They invited me out for a meal.” 
Then, she turned her head to Professor Terry and said, “Isn’t that right, Mr. Terry?” 
Professor Terry shuddered at the way she addressed him. It was true that he was old enough to be her grandfather, but age didn’t matter in the face of knowledge. In fact, age meant nothing to them. Bonnie’s academic prowess was unparalleled. She was both a scholar and a leader. 
“Y–Yes. That’s what happened.” He grinned sheepishly. 
Ivor glanced at Bonnie and turned to look at Professor Terry. His gaze was lowered, and he seemed a little guilty, as if he was trying to keep a big secret. 
Trina couldn’t hold herself back and ducked out of her hiding place to interrogate Bonnie. “How did you meet one of Ms. Bonita’s researchers? Who exactly do you know? Why didn’t I hear anything about this?“! 
Trina could usually control her emotions, but this had blown her mind. Bonnie was a good–for- nothing, but she had aced her SATs and won the Best Scholar Award. They had also discovered that she had a connection to the Steele family. 
All of that was enough to make Trina green with envy, but none of it was as bad as the fact that Bonnie actually knew someone from Ms. Bonita’s research institute! 
272 
“Is that you, Trina? What are you doing here? Did you wait out here because you got wind of the gathering? Who are you waiting for? Ms. Bonita?” Bonnie frowned. “How dare you!” 
It might have been Bonnie’s imposing tone, or it might have been that she struck home with her words, but in any case, Trina’s face turned pale. 
“W–What nonsense are you saying? W–We didn’t know that Ms. Bonita was here. We were just passing.” 
“Is that true?” There was a menace in Bonnie’s eyes now. “You’d better come clean. Otherwise, I’ll ask the manager and our waiter about it. They’re the only ones who knew we were in this private room. I’m sure they won’t have the guts to lie in front of these prestigious researchers.” 
Trina was completely freaked out. Bonnie was so far above her right now that Trina seemed like an insect she was trampling beneath her feet. 
This wasn’t fair! Why was Bonnie part of her wealthy family? How did she get engaged to Hadwin when she didn’t put any effort into their relationship? Why did she deserve to talk to Ms. Bonita’s researchers? 
How was that fair?! 
Trina’s rage returned with a vengeance. 
“Stop acting all high and mighty, Bonnie. Do you think you’re some kind of hot shot because you know someone from Ms. Bonita’s research institute? What gave you the right to act like this? 
“The way I see it, you must have used some dirty tricks. I heard that you hired someone to pretend to be your boyfriend to pick you up at school. You seem to have a lot of money recently, and you haven’t spent a night at home for a while. Be honest. Did you s*** someone from the research institu 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 89
Chapter 89 
The old professors couldn’t take it anymore and spoke up before Bonne could say anything 
“You must be the girl who got into Pyralis University. You probably have a brilliant mind since yo achieved that, so why are you saying such insolent things? She’s your sister, after 
“I can’t believe you’re accusing her of s*** someone. What will the public think of her if they hear what you said?” 
“What a wicked girl! How infuriating! How did your parents raise someone as vicious as you?” 
“If it weren’t for your parents, I’d have gotten someone to kick you out of Pyralis University You“: going to be a cancer on the university!‘ 
Trina’s face turned pale as the professors reprimanded her. She was gripped with fear, and the entry within her doubled! 
She couldn’t afford to offend any of these prestigious researchers, and they were now all speaking u for Bonnie. If she kept this up, she might as well dig her own grave. 
With that in mind, she let her tears loose and bawled pitifully. “That’s not what I… Sob sob sob. I didn’t mean it. I was just so worried about her. I was afraid she might do something foolish. I’m her sister, and I can’t just stand by while she makes a fool of herself.” 
Bonnie sneered. “You’re worried about me? Why? 
Trina continued to bawl and said, “Stop lying, Bonnie. I heard. You hired someone to pretend to be your boyfriend at school. Apparently he was stunning, and he could be a gigolo. How could you do 
that? 
“Aren’t you worried you might catch something with a guy like that? I know everyone says you’re a hick and don’t know any better, but you can’t just give up on yourself like that! 
Trina’s words sounded so logical that anyone who didn’t know any better would assume that Bonnie had forgotten her honor and reputation. She sounded like the type of woman who slept around with gigolos! 
The onlookers started muttering amongst themselves. 
“Is that for real? She looks like a good girl! I didn’t think she’d hire a gigolo and have sex with him. 
“You don’t know anymore. Never judge a book by its cover. Who knows what kind of dirty things she’s done in private. You heard her sister. Do you think she’d make those accusations if she didn’t have any proof? 
“And those are researchers from Ms. Bonita’s research institute. What did she do to be able to attend lunch with those important people? She must have resorted to some dirty tricks.” 
212 
Shh! Quiet. Do you have a death wish? Don’t you realize you’re accusing all of these science researchers of being s***? I’m afraid to think about what would happen if they heard you. Tsk tsk. 
tsk…” 
“Huh! See if I care. Anyway, her sister clearly said she hired a gigolo. Is it so wrong for me to talk about her?” 
Trina was pleased with what she heard from the onlookers. 
Hmph! Bonnie thought she was something special just because she had gone to lunch with Ms. Bonita’s science researchers. Did Bonnie really think that would stop her? 
Trina really believed what she said. Bonnie must have resorted to some shameful tricks to secure the Best Scholar Award and a connection with the researchers. 
At that moment, Ivor took a step forward and stood next to Bonnie. He looked at Trina and said sternly, “Are you calling me a gigolo? Do you have any proof of that?” 
Trina was so shocked she forgot to keep crying. She could only gawk at Ivor, who still looked very dashing. 
It was him! Was he the one who had picked up Bonnie from school?! 
His looks were out of this world, but it wasn’t just that. His bearing wasn’t anything close to a gigolo 
at all. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 90
Chapter 90 
The onlookers who had been gossiping about Bonnie shut their mouths. 
Was this the gigolo Trina was talking about 7 Did gigolos usually wear specially tailored suits? Was this how a gigolo carried himself? Were gigolos usually so imposing? 
In any case, they were in the Jade Horizon Hotel. Anyone who could step foot in here was either insanely rich or connected to someone important. This wasn’t a place for gigolos. 
Had Trina lied to everyone? Had she just said all that to defame her own sister? 
Hot damn! If that was true, she must be a terrible woman! She was clearly out to destroy her sister. A woman’s reputation was important, but Trina had publicly insulted her sister. 
Luckily, someone had stood up for Bonnie. Otherwise, she would have been criticized everywhere she 
went. 
The onlookers looked at Trina disdainfully. Some of them couldn’t take it anymore and started muttering about her. 
Trina was in a full–on panic now. Hadwin turned to her and said, “You crossed the line. You should apologize to Bonnie.” 
She had crossed the line, and there was nothing else she could do but apologize. 
Trina bit her lips hard, her eyes red, and said, “I’m sorry, Bonnie. I was reckless, but I hope you don’t misunderstand me. I never meant to slander you. 
“I was just so worried. That’s why I didn’t realize where we were. I’m sorry! Can you please forgive me, Bonnie?” 
Trina was being incredibly deceitful. She really grossed Bonnie out. 
“Looks like you’re being hypocritical, as usual. No one here is a fool, Trina. You can act, but that doesn’t mean you can manipulate everyone.” 
The onlookers looked at Trina with an even more peculiar gaze when they heard what Bonnie said. 
“I’m apologizing to you sincerely, Bonnie. I’ll even get down on my knees if that’s what you want. I’ll 
Η 
Bonnie turned to look at Professor Terry before Trina could kneel. “She’s been working very hard to get into your research institute. I don’t think someone like her would suit your institute. What do you think, Mr. Terry?” 
Terry just couldn’t get used to the way she addressed him. More sweat was starting to form on his forehead. But still, he had lived a long time and had seen many things happen, so he managed to act calmly. 
“I think you’re right. We wouldn’t hire someone like her, no matter how talented they were. She’s not 
Chapter 90 
really all that skilled, anyway.” 
Professor Terry’s response shocked Trina to the core. She turned pale as a ghost. 
2/2 
Bonnie ignored her and said, “I have to go, Mr. Terry. I’ll take my leave. Thank you all for today. I’ve learned a lot. Thank you, really.” 
Professor Terry and the others kept up the act and said, “No thanks are necessary.” 
And like that, Bonnie left. 
She had just left the hotel when she realized Ivor was catching up to her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 91
Chapter 91 
1/2 
“Professor Terry and the others were acting funnily earlier,” Ivor probed. Bonnie wasn’t surprised he was asking her about this. Something would be wrong if someone as smart as him hadn’t questioned. 
her. 
“What do you mean?” 
He responded by staring at her. “What do you think?” 
“I didn’t notice anything,” She replied. 
He smiled. “Color me curious. Why were you with Ms. Bonita’s researchers?” 
“Oh. That was just a coincidence.” 
“You ran into them by chance? Do they know you?” 
“What’s so strange about that? After all, I won the Best Scholar Award this year.” 
“Many people get that award every year, but none of them become particularly close to those researchers because of that.” 
“Maybe it was because I got a perfect score on my SATS. Would you say there are a lot of Best Scholars like me?” 
Her answer wasn’t exactly convincing, but he couldn’t really argue with her. 
“You say that, but Professor Terry and the others acted very differently around you…” He lowered his gaze and fixed his eyes on her. 
She raised her brow. “Did they?” 
They locked gazes for a full minute before Ivor conceded. He shook himself off and asked, “Did you see Ms. Bonita?” 
When he had seen Bonnie leaving the private room with the professors, the door hadn’t been pushed all the way back, and he thought he heard them complimenting Ms. Bonita. 
“I didn’t see her,” Bonnie responded. 
She was lying. He was sure of it, but he didn’t expose her. He wondered just how many secrets she had. He felt as if he was a traveler braving the dragon’s lair in search of treasure. He’d love to search for the ‘treasure‘ within her. 
“They’re gone.” Hadwin tugged at Trina, who was rooted to the spot. 
“Huh? Oh.” She came to her senses, part of her still reliving what happened earlier. 
He squinted. It was hard to read his thoughts, but there was a hint of disdain in his eyes. 
Chapter 91 
212 
“I told you we shouldn’t stay here and try to see Ms. Bonita. Look where it got you. You can kiss your chance of a career at her research institute goodbye.” 
Trina felt as if someone had stabbed her in the heart. She cursed Bonnie. She wouldn’t have ended up 
here if it wasn’t for her. 
“Huh?” Something occurred to Trina. Whipping her head toward the private room, she asked, ” 
Where’s Ms. Bonita?” 
Hadwin came to his senses. He was so focused on what happened to Trina that he had forgotten about 
this important business. 
She was right! Where was Ms. Bonita? Why hadn’t they seen her? Wasn’t it her research institute’s anniversary today? She should be here. 
“Is she still in there?” Trina took a wild guess. 
Hadwin walked to the door and found that it was shut tight. He wasn’t sure if there was anyone inside. 
Trina reached out, about to push the door open, but Hadwin stopped her. 
“You’re out of your mind! Do you realize you might disturb her if she really is inside?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 92
Chapter 92 
“It’ll be okay. I know how to deal with it.” Trina was dead set on going into the private room. 
Things had gone bad enough. What did she have to lose? Nothing ventured, nothing gained. She might as well roll the dice and see if she was lucky. 
She could recommend herself to Ms. Bonita if fortune smiled on her. Maybe Ms. Bonita would be impressed by her talents and take her in. 
She didn’t want to think about it any longer, so she pushed the door open decisively. 
No one was inside.. 
How anticlimactic! 
“This is weird. Where’s Ms. Bonita?” 
“Could she have quietly left in all the commotion?” Hadwin guessed. 
Trina felt disappointed. All her hopes were dashed. At that moment, Vera called. 
“How did it go, Trina? Did you manage to see Ms. Bonita?” Vera asked excitedly. 
Trina clenched her fist and she said softly, “Luck wasn’t on my side. I didn’t bump into her.” 
She couldn’t tell Vera and Gresham that Bonnie had lunch with Ms. Bonita’s researchers. If they found out how well–connected Bonnie was, it might threaten her standing in the family. 
She would never tell anyone about this. She needed to move fast and find something Bonnie. How on earth had she managed to meet the researchers? 
10 hold over 
Bonnie had moved out of the family home because she was preparing for the SATS, but she hadn’t come back home even after it was over. 
Could it be possible that she wasn’t living on her own? She could be living with a sugar daddy. She might be someone’s mistress! She could be sleeping with a man! 
Trina was shocked. If that was true, then Bonnie had better prepare herself for some sweet revenge. 
“It’s been a long time since Bonnie was home, Mom. Let’s invite her back for breakfast.” 
“I would have completely forgotten about that if you hadn’t brought it up. The SATs are over. Why hasn’t she come back home?” 
“We’ll know when we see her tonight.” 
“Hmm…” 
There were five more days until the end of Ivor and Bonnie’s engagement. However, Vera asked Bonnie to return home early in the morning. 
Ivor watched as the car pulled out of the villa. He stared at it for a while before averting his gaze. 
Floyd entered his room with a frown. 
“I sent my men out to investigate Tim, Mr. Ivor, but they didn’t get anything on him.” 
Ivor turned around to look at Floyd, who continued, “He’s squeaky clean.” 
Floyd handed a document to his master and kept going. “His background checks out. He was born in an ordinary family. If it was a forged identity, we would have been able to figure it out since we have the power of the Knights behind us. 
Ivor paged through the document carefully, his sharp eyes growing darker. 
“Don’t you think his background is a little too clean? 
Floyd seemed to catch his master’s meaning, but he couldn’t exactly say what it was. He merely looked at him. Ivor was extraordinarily perceptive. If he thought something was up with Tim, Tim would definitely have some secrets. 
“I’ll figure out a way to get something out of this.” 
“Okay.“Ivor nodded, satisfied, “But there’s no need to move too quickly. Tim hasn’t shown any animosity toward us yet. I’m wondering if he came here to protect somebody.” 
“Who is he trying to protect? Could it be Ms. Bonnie?” Floyd asked. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 93
Chapter 93 
“It’s possible,” Ivor said slowly. Just like that, Floyd was lost in thought. 
Trina couldn’t wait to get down to business the moment Bonnie returned home. 
“You’re back at last, Bonnie. Are’t the SATs over? Why are you still staying out there on your own?” 
“What does it have to do with you?” Bonnie wasn’t going to waste any words on Trina. She walked straight to the couch, sat down, and started peeling an orange. 
Trina deliberately looked at Vera with sad eyes and turned her head aside. Then, she lifted her hands and pretended to wipe some tears away. 
Vera was enraged. “Trina was just expressing her concern for you, Bonnie. That was too much.” 
Bonnie smiled faintly and said, “That’s true! She was so concerned about me that she nearly charged into Ms. Bonita’s private room at the hotel restaurant. The nerve of her.” 
Trina’s heart gripped with fear. Vera was gobsmacked. 
“What did you say?” 
Trina tried to cut them off to put an end to the topic. “You must be tired, Mom. How about I give you a massage?” 
Bonnie smiled more widely. “You’re terrible at covering up what you’ve done, Trina. Did you really think Mom would be so gullible?” 
“Tell me what on earth happened.” Vera grabbed Trina. What Bonnie had revealed was so serious that she shuddered. She knew Trina had found out that Ms. Bonita was going to celebrate the anniversary of her research institute. 
When she called her daughter, Trina had made it sound like she hadn’t found out where Ms. Bonita was having lunch. But if what Bonnie said was true, then it meant Trina had kept something from her.. 
Vera looked at Trina and found that her face had turned pale. That made her even more suspicious. 
“Nothing much, I guess. Trina just hid outside Ms. Bonita’s private room, but got caught red–handed. by the researchers,” Bonnie said. Her tone indicated that she wanted to blow up the whole thing. 
Vera was shocked again. She looked at Trina with wide eyes. “Is this true?” 
Trina’s face turned even paler. 
Good. That was all the answer Vera needed. 
“How dare you do something like that, Trina?! You told me you were just trying your luck to see if you’d run into Ms. Bonita. I can’t believe you hid outside of her private room at the restaurant!” Vera lectured. 
That had been bad enough, but Trina had gotten herself caught, too! 
Chapters 
“I’m going to ask you again. Did you manage to see Ms. Bonita?” 
Trina Tried to make her mother feel sorry for her by tearing up. “I–I didn’t see her.” 
“Well Did you offend anyone?” 
“Um…” Trina bit her lips hard, and then harder still. 
Bonnie crossed her legs and looked at Trina, pleased, “You’d better tell the truth. Otherwise, even t won’t be able to help you. 
Damn that Bonniel She was the one who had gotten her into this mess. How dare she imply that she’d help her: 
“I’ll say it since you won’t. You accused me of s*** one of the researchers right in front of them. You implied that Ms. Bonita’s research institute had wicked, corrupt people. Because of that, you offended all the science researchers. Mr. Terry even proclaimed they would never hire you.” 
Vera was shocked to the core. Gresham, who had just heard the commotion from his study on the second floor, was equally stunned. He almost stumbled and fell down the stairs. 
“T That’s not true,” Trina denied hastily. 
“How are you still denying it, Trina? Do you think that’ll help? Are you going to say that I’m lying?” Bonnie said lightly. 
Trina’s eyes 
widened. She didn’t get it. Bonnie had never bothered to fight her when this had happened in the past. Why did Bonnie have to kick her while she was down today? 
It was clear to both Vera and Gresham who the real liar was. 
#You made a huge mistake, Trina. You’re lucky Ms. Bonita wasn’t there in person. Otherwise, our family could very well be wiped out from Pyralis. I want you to go to your room and reflect on your mistake. Do it until the end of summer.” 
Trina’s tears fell onto the floor, but her parents were infuriated with her. It didn’t matter how sad she tried to look. It wouldn’t help her. 
Bonnie watched as Trina went upstairs, alone. 
She was going to teach Trina the lesson of a lifetime and make her see the magnitude of her mistake. That way, Trina would never dare approach her researchers again. 
212 
“I’m going to ask you again. Did you manage to see Ms. Bonita?” 
Trina tried to make her mother feel sorry for her by tearing up. “I–I didn’t see her.” 
“Well Did you offend anyone?” 
“Um…” Trina bit her lips hard, and then harder still. 
Bonnie crossed her legs and looked at Trina, pleased, “You’d better tell the truth. Otherwise, even f won’t be able to help you.” 
Damn that Bonnie! She was the one who had gotten her into this mess. How dare she imply that she’d help her? 
“I’ll say it since you won’t. You accused me of s*** one of the researchers right in front of them. You implied that Ms. Bonita’s research institute had wicked, corrupt people. Because of that, you offended all the science researchers. Mr. Terry even proclaimed they would never hire you. 
Vera was shocked to the core. Gresham, who had just heard the commotion from his study on the second floor, was equally stunned. He almost stumbled and fell down the stairs. 
“T That’s not true,” Trina denied hastily. 
“How are you still denying it, Trina? Do you think that’ll help? Are you going to say that I’m lying?” Bonnie said lightly. 
Trina’s eyes widened. She didn’t get it. Bonnie had never bothered to fight her when this had happened in the past. Why did Bonnie have to kick her while she was down today? 
It was clear to both Vera and Gresham who the real liar was. 
“You made a huge mistake, Trina. You’re lucky Ms. Bonita wasn’t there in person. Otherwise, our family could very well be wiped out from Pyralis. I want you to go to your room and reflect on your mistake. Do it until the end of summer.” 
Trina’s tears fell onto the floor, but her parents were infuriated with her. It didn’t matter how sad she tried to look. It wouldn’t help her. 
Bonnie watched as Trina went upstairs, alone. 
She was going to teach Trina the lesson of a lifetime and make her see the magnitude of her mistake. That way, Trina would never dare approach her researchers again. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 94
Chapter 94 
She wouldn’t have wasted her time if she hadn’t wanted to teach Trina a lesson. 
Vera turned to look at Bonnie after she sent Trina to her room upstairs. 
“What are you doing with Ms. Bonita’s researchers?” 
“I know them.” Bonnie had no intention of explaining anything. 
“Who?” Vera pressed. 
“I can’t tell you.” Worried that Vera wouldn’t give it up, she added, “He wouldn’t let me tell anyone, so I can’t.” 
Vera frowned. “I have no idea how you met any one of them, but I need to tell you something. 
Everyone at Ms. Bonita’s research institute is extraordinary. I know what you’re like, so it’s highly likely you’ll offend one of them. 
“I want you to stay away from them. Don’t try to approach anyone because you want to make connections. I don’t want you to make a mess so big it’ll drag me and your father down, or affect the entire family.” 
Bonnie remained quiet. 
“Beep!” It was a text from Ivor. 
“Are you coming home tonight?” 
Another text came before she could reply. 
you don’t come home, we’ll have to extend our engagement for ten more days, just like last time.” 
Bonnie was speechless for a few seconds before she composed a reply. “I’m coming back now.” 
Trina stood by the window of the second floor and stared at Bonnie from behind the curtain as she 
left through the gate. 
“Do you think you’ve won the war by humiliating me today, Bonnie? Hah! Dream on. We won’t know who the real victor is until the very last moment. 
Trina called someone. “Follow Bonnie. Remember, be careful. Don’t let anyone find out about you. Take videos and photos and send them to me when she goes back to her place.” 
Instead of returning to the Knight premises, Bonnie took a stroll in the pedestrian zone. She hadn’t taken a walk just for fun ever since she started working on the nanomaterial. 
Then, she realized that someone was following her! 
Bonnie stopped in her tracks, turned, and looked around. A crowd milled around in the pedestrian zone. All sorts of people were here. 
212 
One of them caught Bonnie’s attention. It was a man around six–foot–five, wearing a bucket hat mask, and a pair of sunglasses. His face was almost entirely covered. 
When he realized Bonnie had noticed him, he tried to squeeze into the crowd. 
Bonnie shook her head helplessly and said, “You’re not built for disguise.” 
Jim heard what she said and decided to give up hiding. He walked out of the crowd sheepishly. 
“Was I really that bad at disguising myself?” He said as he took his sunglasses off. 
“You should put the sunglasses back on. Someone might recognize you. There’s a lot of people here. You won’t have anywhere to hide if someone figures out who you are.” 
Jim was wearing his real face instead of disguising himself as Tim. 
“You have a point.” Jim wasn’t concerned that someone would recognize him, but he was worried about the chaos that would follow if that did happen. It could put Bonnie in danger. 
“Why are you following me?” She asked. 
“I’m your bodyguard. I have to keep you safe at all times.” He swept his eyes across the place as he spoke. 
Bonnie slapped her forehead. He protected her as Tim when he was on duty. Then, he had to protect her with his real identity when he was off duty. 
Forget it. Nothing she could say would change his mind. 
“There’s a barbeque stall over there. It’s pretty quiet. How about we grab a bite?” She suggested. 
“Sure.” 
Bonnie and Jim sat down in a spot near the corner and ordered some barbeque and beers. 
Jim had just taken his mask off when he sensed something and whipped his head around. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 95
Chapter 95 
Bonnie, who was taking a bite out of some squid, didn’t notice anything going on around her. When she saw Jim’s reaction, she asked, puzzled, “What’s wrong? 
He squinted. “I think someone just took our picture.” 
“Are you sure?” She swept her eyes around her, but didn’t find anyone suspicious. 
Jim continued to squint and responded, “I’m not too sure. 
“Could someone have recognized you?” She took a guess. 
“Maybe.” 
“Don’t waste your time and effort on something so insignificant. Hurry up and eat the barbeque. They just made it. Eat it while it’s hot.” She handed Jim a squid. 
“I guess you’re right. They can take a picture if they want. I wasn’t doing anything bad anyway 
In a dark corner, a man pulled down his mask and panted heavily. It took him a long time to compose himself. He checked his pictures and gulped. 
“Holy crap. It’s Master Jim! I didn’t think I’d see him in real life,” the man mumbled to himself. He 
sent the pictures to Trina. 
Trina’s eyes nearly popped out when she saw the pictures. “I–Is that Master Jim? Good grief! He’s Arvandor’s King of Combat! What’s that b*** doing with him?” 
“Wait a minute! Is Master Jim the reason Bonnie had lunch with Ms. Bonita’s researchers? Was he the person she said she knew?” 
But what were they doing with each other? 
Trina checked the rest of the pictures and saw the one where Bonnie was handing Jim a squid. 
“They’re kind of intimate. I’m sure they’re very close. Could they be a couple?” 
A shiver ran down her spine. If that was true, taking Hadwin from Bonnie would just be a joke. 
Trina wasn’t really related to the Shepard family because she was adopted. She had gotten everything she had today because she had put all her hard work into her academic achievements and made her family proud. 
If her parents and the Shepards learned that Bonnie was together with Master Jim, Bonnie’s standing in the family would see a sharp rise. 
That was simply too terrifying to even think of 
“No. Maybe it’s not what it looks like. Maybe they’re just friends.” 
But Bonnie was still a big threat to her. 
Chapter 95 
2/2 
After a while, Trina transferred some money to the man. 
“This is just part of your payment. Keep your eyes on her. I’ll send more your way when you track her 
to her place. 
The man felt pumped up after receiving the money. 
Floyd’s jaw was wide open as he stared at Master Jim from where he was hiding in the pedestrian 
zone. 
Master Jim and Bonnie were talking and laughing. It was plain to see that they were close. 
He had followed Tim when the man left the Knight’s place, hoping to find out something more about him. He didn’t expect to lose the man. He had just been walking along without thinking. 
Instead of finding Tim, he had found the King of Combat, the man he admired most, sharing some barbeque with Bonnie. 
Floyd took a picture and quickly sent it to Ivor. 
Ivor went cold the moment he saw the picture. His face grew as dark as thunder. 
“What are they doing together?” 
Floyd got Ivor’s text and cursed internally. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 96
Chapter 96 
How was he supposed to know? He was so shocked that he was having trouble closing his jaw. 
“Why don’t you try asking Ms. Bonnie?” 
Floyd could sense that his master was unhappy and jealous. 
“Should I send this location to you, Mr. Ivor? Maybe you can come over here yourself?” 
Ivor would love that. “I’m not going to do that. She would misread the situation and think I was following her on purpose.” 
“Should I leave, then?” Floyd asked. 
“Keep following them. Let me know if anything happens.” 
Sweat streamed down Floyd’s forehead. Ivor wanted a report if anything happened? He sure as hell hoped nothing would happen. He would be too scared to see Bonnie and Master Jim getting more 
intimate. 
Floyd thought they really were a couple. If he saw something he shouldn’t, should he send the pictures to his master? 
Ivor looked so stern and agitated that he almost scared a servant into spilling some coffee she was serving him. 
His fingers intertwined, Ivor placed both his hands on the table and pursed his lips, his face as cold as 
ice. 
Bonnie had lunch with Ms. Bonita’s science researchers. It looked like the person she said she knew had been Master Jim all along. 
More than an hour passed, and Bonnie and Jim finished eating. 
Jim stood up and said, “I’ll drive you home.” 
She looked at him. “Are you going to drive me home looking like that?” 
He touched his cheeks and said, “I’ll disguise myself.” 
She looked around. “Didn’t you suspect someone took our pictures? I’m worried they’re still around somewhere. You’ll expose yourself as Tim. We should go our separate ways. 
“No way. It’s late. You might run into some thugs on the way home. It happened before, after all. More than once, even.” 
Bonnie was exceptionally beautiful, and her beauty would bring her trouble at any given time. 
She waved her fists at Jim. “I can take care of myself.” 
Jim thought about it for a while before saying, “I know I’m being annoying, but I’d never let you go 
Chapter 06 
217 
back home alone at this time of night. I’ll follow you even if it costs me my life, so don’t try to stop me. Don’t worry. I’ll leave once I take you somewhere near the Knight Villa.” 
“I guess that’ll do.” Bonnie gave in. 
Floyd immediately told his master that they were leaving. “Judging from the direction they’re going, it seems they’re headed to the villa.” He might have sounded calm, but a storm was brewing in his 
mind. 
Master Jim was an important man! He was Ms. Bonita’s personal bodyguard, and he was taking Bonnie home himself! Did that mean they really were a couple?! 
He gulped. He could tell that his master had fallen in love with Bonnie. If Bonnie and Master Jim really were together, he could only imagine the worst…. 
Sheesh… He couldn’t finish his thought. All he could do was pray that they weren’t a couple! 
Ivor went cold again when he saw Floyd’s text. 
“Achoo!” Bonnie sneezed. 
“What’s wrong? Did you catch a cold? You didn’t wear enough layers. I have some spare coats in the back. Put them on, quick.” Jim was concerned about her. 
She sniffed and said, “I didn’t catch anything. It was just a sneeze that came out of nowhere.” 
“You should still put it on. Prevention is better than cure. If you really do catch a cold, the old professors will nag at you again.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 97
Chapter 97 
Bonnie put Jim’s coats on when she heard what he said. That had happened before, especially when she had a fever once. That had also been because she hadn’t worn enough layers. 
The old professors at the research institute had reacted as if they were her grandparents and lectured 
her. 
“You’re a pillar of our nation, Ms. Bonita. You can’t afford to be sick.” 
“You might be young and strong now, but you still have to take care of yourself. Otherwise, you’ll regret it when you’re old, 
“I told the kitchen to make some herbal soup for you. Make sure you drink it. And you should try to sleep at the same time every night. It’s good to sleep and wake early. Your nutritional balance is important as well.” 
They might be respectful of her in their research, but they all nagged like grandparents when it came 
to her health. 
Suddenly, Jim said, alarmed, “Something’s wrong.” 
Bonnie came to her senses. “What do you mean?” 
Jim looked in the rear–view mirror. “Check out that car. I think it’s been following us for a long time.” 
She hadn’t noticed it at all, but she believed it since Jim thought something was wrong. 
“Do you think the driver is the same person who took our pictures?” 
“It’s possible.” 
Bonnie touched her chin, her beautiful eyes exuding a trace of wisdom. 
“I don’t care if he just took our pictures, but he might have an ulterior motive if he’s following us around. This road leads to the Knight Villa. The Knights own this area too. There are no cars on this road usually.” 
“You have a point. What should we do?” Jim asked. 
Bonnie looked in the rear–view mirror and smirked. “Turn around and ram into it.” 
“Huh?” Stunned, Jim turned to look at her. 
Bonnie seemed very excited. 
“Are you serious?” 
“Don’t you think this is exciting?” She was very caught up in the idea now. If she had been driving, 
she would have turned the car around already. 
Chapter 97 
“You’re in the car, though.” Jim frowned. 
“I’ll be fine. Ram it!” 
He gritted his teeth and said, “Hold on tight.” 
“Alright.” 
Ivor had gotten the latest update from Floyd and was standing by the window with a telescope. As he expected, he saw another car behind Bonnie’s car. 
Who in the world was following them? 
His thoughts were interrupted when he saw Bonnie’s car turn around, accelerate, and ram into the 
other car. 
‘B***!‘ The crash sounded exceptionally loud in the dead of night. 
Ivor’s eyes widened and he grew furious. If anything happened to Bonnie, he would make the stalker wish he was dead! 
Ivor put down his telescope and charged downstairs toward the cars. 
dram 
Floyd was shocked as well. He hadn’t expected Bonnie’s car to turn around and ram the other car without any hesitation. 
That was ruthless of Jim! He had rammed the other car without a second thought or worry about Bonnie getting hurt. 
Bonnie opened the car door as Jim got out of the car as well. He seized the man who had been about to 
escape. 
“Talk. What are you doing? Why are you following me? Are you the one who took pictures of us in the pedestrian zone?” Jim yanked at the man’s collar. 
His name was Lane. 
Lane was extremely dizzy from the crash, but he was also more afraid of Jim at the moment. 
“T–There’s been a misunderstanding. I’m not following you. I’m just…” 
“How dare you!” Jim yanked harder and almost choked him. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 98
Chapter 98 
Since it had come to this, Lane had no choice but to deny it to the end. 
“I didn’t follow you, I swear!” 
Jim frowned. “Looks like we’ll have to do this the hard way. 
“Are you going to hit me? I know you. You’re Jim Ray, the King of Combat. I have the right to press charges if you hit me without proof of your claim!” 
Sheesh! He was good. 
Bonnie stepped forward and threw Jim a glance. “Let me handle this.” Jim nodded in response. 
Bonnie looked at Lane condescendingly. Before she could say anything, he said, “It won’t work. I swear I wasn’t following you. You can beat me to death for all I care.” 
“Chill. We won’t beat you to death. I just wanted to tell you something.” She said nonchalantly as she looked at Lane. 
“W–What is it?” A sense of unease started to up on him. 
creep 
“To be accurate, it’s my analysis of the situation. It wasn’t really a big deal that you followed Jim, but you’re forgetting that he’s Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. It’s possible you were trying to get to her through 
him.‘ 
When Bonnie brought up Ms. Bonita, Lane was so shocked he turned pale. 
“y–You’re wrong…” 
Bonnie ignored his denial and kept going, “Ms. Bonita has just developed a new nanomaterial and. announced she would collaborate with the Knight group. I suppose some other factions sent you here to locate her and coerce her into working with them.” 
“That’s not what I’m doing! I swear!” 
“If what you say is true, then you might be a foreign agent, sent here by some other countries envious of our success. For all we know, you could be trying to assassinate Ms. Bonita.” 
Bonnie slapped those serious accusations at Lane, which made him panicked and drained. 
Lane had only been hired to tail Bonnie. If someone believed what she was saying now, he’d have no way to explain himself and clear his name! 
That was when he decided to save his own skin and damn everything else. 
“I wasn’t following Master Jim. I was following you. You can’t accuse me of trying to hurt Ms. Bonita!” 
Bonnie and Jim swapped glances and stifled their laughter. 
Lane didn’t realize he had been following the person he was so afraid of. 
312 
“Oh? So you were following me? I’m not anyone famous. Why would you want to follow me?” 
Lane could no longer hide the truth. 
“A woman from the Shepard family asked me to follow you to your place.” 
Then, it hit Bonnie. She had probably made Trina suspicious because she hadn’t stayed at her family home for quite a while. 
“Did you take my picture at the pedestrian zone?” 
Lane took out his phone bitterly and gave it to her. 
She checked the gallery and asked, “Did you send these pictures to Trina?” 
“T–That’s right.” 
She didn’t say anything after that. Suddenly, she heard footsteps. 
“Who’s there?” 
Floyd emerged from a nearby bush, looking embarrassed. 
“It’s 
you.” She frowned and looked at Jim. 
Floyd cleared his throat and was about to say something when he saw Ivor making a beeline for them. 
“H–Hello, Mr. Ivor.” 
Bonnie turned to look at Ivor and saw that his dashing face was contorted in rage. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 99
Chapter 99 
“What are you doing here?” 
“Why can’t I be here? Don’t you want me to be here?” Bonnie and Jim were standing side by side, and Ivor looked at them grimly 
Bonnie instantly understood why he was so angry. He had been displeased when she had talked to Tim back then. He hadn’t been happy when she had shown up with Heath to play chess either. 
Did he really think she would cheat on him? 
In any case, she still needed to explain everything to him so he wouldn’t cause any further trouble. 
“Don’t read too much into this.” 
“Alright. I won’t. I have some questions for you. How long have you known him? Why have I never heard about this? You told me you knew someone from Ms. Bonita’s research institute. Is that 
someone Master Jim?” 
Ivor had endless questions for Bonnie. The more he got to know her, the more mysterious she became. 
“That’s right. He was the person I was talking about. I met him a few years ago. I can’t remember exactly when, though.” 
He was a little pleased to hear her explaining herself to him. 
“I’m curious. How did you meet him?” 
“What’s with all the questions? This is like a police interrogation.” Bonnie was overwhelmed. 
“You can choose not to answer them.” Ivor stared at her firmly. 
This was a pain. To be honest, Bonnie didn’t want to answer him, but she knew what Ivor was like. If she chose to be quiet, he would be okay with it, but he’d be annoyed as hell. 
“Alright. I’ll talk. I met him at an underground fight. 
“You’ve been to underground fights?” That surprised him a little. 
“I used them to hone my combat skills when I had the time. There’s nothing surprising about that. I had an even match with Jim and we became close friends after that. But I probably can’t keep up with him anymore.” 
It wasn’t that she was worse at combat than Jim. She had just thrown herself into her research. She had poured a lot of effort into it too. Now, she just thought of combat as a way to break herself out of monotony. 
“You might be close friends, but did he really have to take you back home in the dead of night? He’s Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard, after all.” Ivor kept watching for Bonnie’s reactions. 
Naturally, Ivor meant more than what he said. 
1/2 
Jim stepped forward and said, “It’s really late, and she’s a woman. There’s no way I wouldn’t worry about her. Anyway, she saved my life. It’s only right that I keep her safe.” 
“She saved you? You’re way stronger than her. How did she pull that off?” Ivor pressed. 
“Back when I was still into underground fights, one of my opponents knew he couldn’t beat me in a fair match, so he got himself a set of brass knuckles and tried to sneak up on me. I ended up maiming 
him 
After that, he tried to get revenge on me by poisoning my drink and leading me to a quiet place to ambush me. If Bonnie hadn’t happened to pass by and fend them off, I would have died a long time ago,” Jim said, truthfully. 
Brass Knuckles: A melee weapon made of four rings linked together that is worn on the fingers.) 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 100
Chapter 100 
Ivor could tell that Jim wasn’t lying, so he decided to let this go. He was worried that Bonnie would get 
mad at him. 
Casting his glance at Lane, Ivor said, “How are you going to handle him?” 
Bonnie raised her brows, looked at the man in question, and said, “Call Trina.” 
“W–What should I say?” He responded in a trembling voice. 
“Just call her. I’ll do the talking. 
“A–Alright.” 
Lane quickly called Trina. She picked up and asked excitedly, “How did it go? Did you find something?” 
Bonnie took the phone from Lane and said, “If you wanted to know where I was staying, you should have asked me that to my face. I can’t believe you wasted money on hiring someone.” 
Fear gripped Trina’s heart! 
She almost lost her grip on the phone and hung up on Bonnie out of pure instinct. Before she could do it, Bonnie spoke again, 
“Don’t hang up just yet. You can’t run away from everything. If you do, I’ll tell the entire country you hired someone to follow Jim and locate Ms. Bonita. I’ll tell everyone you want to harm her too. That 
crime alone will…” 
“You wouldn’t!” Trina roared with rage in her eyes. She gritted her teeth and wished she could rip 
into Bonnie right now. 
Bonnie chuckled calmly. “Why wouldn’t I? You dared put Ms. Bonita in harm’s way. What do I have to 
be afraid of?” 
“That’s a load of crap! Stop slandering me! I really admire Ms. Bonita. There’s no way I’d do anything terrible to her! I’m warning you, Bonnie. It’ll be slander if you don’t have any proof to back up your claims. I–I’ll press charges against you!” 
“How do you know I don’t have proof? Jim’s a witness. It’s a fact that you hired someone to follow him. Lane will be more than happy to admit that.” 
“Bullshit! I didn’t hire anyone to follow Master Jim. I sent him to follow you! Stop dragging someone. else into this. The way I see it, you don’t come back here because you’re out there sleeping around with other men!” Trina roared, her face and ears turning red. 
Bonnie casually leaned on the car. “Do you think anyone will believe you? Jim’s identity is a sensitive topic. He’s Ms.Bonita’s personal bodyguard. Do you think what you said will be credible in the eyes of the court?” 
Hander 100 
272 
“Why, you! You’re… I I…Ahhh! Damn you, Bonnie! You obnoxious b***! You know that isn’t the truth, but you still want to push me off the cliff! How could you be so vicious? 
“I know I’m not really related to you, but I’m still part of the Shepard family. I’m still our parents‘ daughter. Don’t you know you’ll drag them into this if you do this to me? You’ll be dragging the entire Shepard family down!” 
Trina wished she could tear Bonnie to shreds through the phone. 
She was about to lose her mind! Bonnie had just made a huge, serious accusation against her. Anyone would have lost it! 
On the other hand, Bonnie twirled her hair leisurely. None of Trina’s rage had any effect on her. 
“Am I the vicious one? If this is vicious, you’d be worlds ahead of me, Trina. I vividly remember all those moments when I first came here from the suburbs. You foolishly risked your life by falling down the stairs on purpose and blamed me for it. 
“You even smashed a vase on your head just so our parents would punish me. I lost count of the times you put your stuff in my room and said I stole it. Things like that happened all the time. You’re way more vicious than I could ever be, Trina.” 
“Hmph! Don’t blame everything on me. You tried to explain everything to them, but they never believed you. You even showed them some security footage, but I told them you forged it and they bought my words without so much as confirming the facts. So if you want to blame anything, you can 
blame the fact that I’m their favorite!” Trina raised her neck and retorted righteous/” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 101
Chapter 101 
1/2 
Bonnie felt a little puzzled. After some thought, she realized Trina was right. She could present evidence before Vera and Gresham, but they still would not believe a word she said. Worse, they would 
treat her harsher than before. 
They would even lecture her to learn from her mistakes. Besides that, there was also a good reason why she kept her identity as the nation’s leading researcher a secret. 
Her parents had a favorite child, and that was none other than Trina. Moreover, they always looked 
down on Bonnie. 
In the past, she used to win various awards and trophies for things such as piano competitions, chess tournaments, F1 trophies, and more. She had shown all of them to Vera and Gresham, but all she got 
in return was more lectures. 
They chastised her for forging her accolades just to gain their favor. They even told her how disappointed they were in her. 
Additionally, Trina would fan the flames. That was why they grew increasingly distrustful of Bonnie over time. 
the holy 
After some thought, Bonnie’s foster parents, who had raised her in the countryside, treated her pretty well. However, Vera and Gresham were her biological parents. The truth was that everyone wanted nothing more than their parents‘ love. 
Bonnie learned the hard way that her birth parents would never love her as much as they did with 
Trina. Bonnie’s childhood was the primary reason for that. The couple looked down on Bonnie because she was a country bumpkin. 
Gresham’s family had repeatedly taken digs at him and his wife because of her background. That was why they could never let it go. She would always be a blemish on their otherwise perfect life. 
That was why Trina was not the only wrong one here. Her stepsister merely exploited her 
vulnerabilities and pulled focus on them. 
“I’m tired of talking to you, Trina. I won’t waste more time with you.” Collecting her thoughts, Bonnie began to cut to the chase. “Where I live is none of your concern. It’d be wise for you to behave and lock yourself in your room. If I ever catch you doing something humiliating again, I’ll make you regret it.” 
Trina was outraged. “Do you think Mom and Dad will ground me for that long? Perhaps you’ve forgotten, but my engagement party with Hadwin is three days. It’s also my birthday. That reminds me. Your birthday is on the same day as mine. 
“I’m cordially inviting you to my engagement party with Hadwin. I sure hope I’ll see you on that day, Bonnie.” 
Bonnie was stunned. 
Chapter 101 
2/2 
‘Her birthday is in three days? Gosh, it slipped my mind.‘ 
Trina chuckled and continued, “Mom and Dad always forget about you whenever we celebrate our birthdays. At best, they’d prepare a thoughtless gift for you. My heart breaks for you whenever we celebrate our birthdays, Bonnie. 
“Here’s an idea. You can pretend you don’t know what I did, and I’ll put your name on the birthday cake this time. Since it’s my twentieth birthday, Mom and Dad will prepare a twenty–layer cake for me. You can share my glorious moment by having your name on it.‘ 
Bonnie would have rolled her eyes at Trina if her stepsister were standing before her. Soon after, Bonnie hung up because she did not intend to waste time arguing. 
Jim frowned and asked, “Are you going to let her off the hook just like that?” 
“I wasn’t going to initially, but Trina will get mad if I ignore her. If that’s the case, why should I waste my breath arguing with her?” Bonnie responded casually. 
“You have a point, but she still annoys me. Trina has always schemed against you, but I can’t believe she hired someone to tail you. How about I work her over discreetly?“Jim smiled menacingly. 
“Simmer down. You’re the renowned King of Combat. You’ll sully your reputation if you take things seriously with that hypocritical girl.” Bonnie smiled and shook her head. 
“I’m doing it for you. What’s so disgraceful about that? Anyone who I don’t care if it does anything to my reputation!” He barked sternly. 
crosses you will suffer my wrath. 
Ivor pulled Bonnie to his side, saying, “You guys are too close for my taste. Mind you, Master Jim, Bonnie’s my fiancee. I can protect her myself. Don’t you think you overstepped your boundaries by saying those things?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 102
Chapter 102 
Chapter 102 
“She might be your flancee now, but she’s been my close friend for a long time. You can do your thing while I do mine. We shouldn’t get in each other’s way.” 
Jim then sensed Bonnie’s glance, signaling him to leave. Things could take an unexpected turn if he stayed any longer, and he might end up exposing his identity. Jim said, “Oh, look at the time. I should be going.” 
“Sure. Take it easy and stay safe.” 
Then, both of them recalled the car and looked at it simultaneously. 
‘Uh, it doesn’t look like I can drive it away.‘ 
Floyd looked at Jim admiringly and said, “I’ll call a mechanic to fix your car, Master Jim. He’ll fix it before you know it.” 
Bonnie approached the car and opened its hood. “It’s not that severe. You can save yourself the trouble of calling a mechanic. I know how to fix it.” 
“You know how to fix cars too?” Ivor and Jim questioned her simultaneously. 
Bonnie turned and nodded. “My cars used to have plenty of hiccups back in my racing days. It broke down on a hill, and there was no one within a fifty–mile radius. It was so troublesome to find a 
mechanic, so I learned how to fix my cars myself.” 
‘She races cars, too?!‘ 
Ivor was pleasantly surprised. It turned out they had a shared hobby. Not only did he love it, but it was one of his favorite ways to unwind himself. Ever so often, he’d ask Ged and the others for a race or a 
cruise around the hills in the suburbs. 
Jim was shocked and then grew worried, asking, “Why do you insist on doing such dangerous things? You’re a crucial figure for our nation. I can’t afford to let anything happen to you. How am I supposed 
to answer 
“} 
“There, all fixed!” Bonnie deliberately raised her voice and interjected. 
Apparently, Jim always forgot the important things whenever he got worked up. If Bonnie had not interrupted him in time, he would have exposed her real identity. 
“Ahem…” Jim noticed Ivor and Floyd looking at him curiously. The former cleared his throat and added, “I meant, how am I supposed to answer to your parents?” 
Ivor’s expression turned solemn, but he said nothing. 
Meanwhile, Jim changed the topic and awkwardly got into the driver’s seat. “You seriously got it fixed in just a minute? Let me see. Would you look at that?! You really did fix it. Just how talented are you?” 
“You’re too kind. It was just a minor issue.” Bonnie stole a glance at Ivor and noticed nothing strange 
Chapter 102 
about his expression. Still, it was hard to tell if he was suspicious. 
“Well, then. I’ll take my leave now.” 
“Sure. See you!” Bonnie waved at Jim before turning and looking at Ivor. “Come on, let’s go home.” “Hold on,” Ivor said as he removed Bonnie’s coat and put his coat on her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 103
Chapter 103 
Bonnie did not know how to respond while Jim took the coat from her, pouted, and drove off. It was not the first time Bonnie had put on a man’s coat, but the warmth from Ivor’s coat felt different 
Before she could identify this unusual feeling, Ivor grabbed her hand and said, “Can I ask you something?” 
“What is it?” Bonnie frowned, thinking he must have seen through her act earlier 
Although Ivor was quiet for a moment, he seemed unwilling to let her hand go. He stared into her eyes and asked solemnly, “Have you ever fallen in love with anyone?” 
Bonnie was stunned. She thought he was about to ask about Jim or her real identity as the nation! leading researcher. She asked, “What made you ask me that?” 
“You have to answer me first since I was the one who asked first,” 
“What kind of love are you talking about?” Bonnie was no fool and knew what he meant, but she could not resist questioning him. 
“I mean the kind of love that compels you to be with Jim,” Ivor responded profoundly, 
Bonnie raised her brow and said, “Oh, that’s what you mean, I thought you meant the not–so–serious kind of love.” 
“What a mischievous young lady,‘ Ivor thought. 
“Hmm, I’ve yet to love anyone that way since I’m always busy. My romantic life just isn’t part of my packed schedule. I’m not really into it, either. I think the single life suits me best.” 
“Do you want to give it a shot?” Ivor looked at Bonnie humorously. 
She turned to look at him, asking, “Give it a shot? Who am I supposed to fall in love with? Are you volunteering?” 
He smiled. After all, this was not the time for a romantic confession. “Your birthday’s three days from now. You’ll get your answer then.” 
Bonnie was about to resume walking when she heard what he said. Confused, she looked at him intently. “What are you going to do?” 
“You’ll know soon enough.” 
“What if I want to know about it now?” She had a hunch that Ivor would make some grand gesture on her birthday, which was the same day as Trina and Hadwin’s engagement party. 
“I can tell you now, but you’ll have to do something for me in return.” 
“What do I need to do?” 
Ivor took Bonnie’s hand and guided it to his cheeks. “Kiss me, and you’ll have your answer. 
Chapter 103 
712 
Her lips twitched, and then she withdrew her hand, thinking it was a waste of time. 
‘I would’ve been better off returning to my room and getting some sleep. 
Ivor watched as she left. He could not resist bursting into laughter, 
Bonnie heard his unbridled laughter and felt a chill down her spine. She then picked up her pace and entered the villa. 
“Hahaha…” He laughed heartily again before trailing off into silence. After turning to look toward where Jim drove off, Ivor recalled what he said earlier. He was also very mindful of how Jim and Bonnie Interacted. 
‘If I remember correctly, Jim said Bonnie’s a crucial figure for our nation.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 104
Chapter 104 
Three days later, Gresham, Vera, and Hadwin’s parents reserved the entire hotel for their children’s engagement party. Many guests attended, and most came from society’s upper echelon. 
Hadwin’s mother, Demetria, was delighted with her future daughter–in–law as she led Trina around to show her off to the guests. “This is my future daughter–in–law, Trina. Here’s some interesting tidbits. She’s so impressive that Professor Terry has high hopes for her.” 
“Professor Terry? Who’s that?” One of the noblewomen asked. 
“Why, don’t you know? I wouldn’t have brought him up if he were some random professor. Professor Terry leads a team of researchers in Ms. Bonita’s research institute.” Demetria gloated. 
The crowd gasped in shock and went on to butter Trina up. 
“Jeez! I can’t believe such a prestigious professor admires Trina. I must say, I’m jealous of you, Demetria! Not only is your son capable, but he also has a keen eye for picking out a wife. What a steal.” 
“I’m not as fortunate as you, Demetria. My daughter–in–law only knows to argue with me. The thing is, she’s not nearly as capable as Trina. All she knows is to throw snide remarks with that wretched mouth of hers. Look at Trina, though. Professor Terry of Ms. Bonita’s research institute admires her. 
Bravo!” 
“Should I address you as Ms. Trina?” One of the noblewomen asked. 
“Trina is fine.” She said gently. 
“I heard your internship is about to commence. Now that Professor Terry favors you, will your internship be in Ms. Bonita’s research institute?” 
Trina sneered inwardly and forced a smile. After all, she did not tell the Rhodes family that she had crossed the professors in Bonita’s research institute. Simultaneously, Hadwin also did not bring it up 
because he was trying to preserve his reputation. 
“Um… I’m not sure about that. After all, I’m just a college student.” 
“Oh. Stop being so modest. If Professor Terry favors you, then you’ll surely get into the research institute. Wouldn’t you agree, Demetria?” 
“Exactly! She’s going to the research institute.” Demetria chuckled. 
Trina bit her lip to suppress her frustration. 
“There’s more. Trina’s also getting into Pyralis University as one of the honor students.” Demetria continued to praise her daughter–in–law. 
“Geez. She’s pretty and capable. How I wish my daughter is half as good as her.” 
“Hmm, now that you mentioned it, Trina wasn’t supposed to marry your son, was she?” 
Chapter 104 
Demetria turned solemn, saying, “Her elder sister is a good–for–nothing. She often skipped classes and loitered around. She couldn’t master anything she learned and is a pathological llar. Even her parents hated having her around.” 
“Is she as bad as you say? The way my daughter put it1 believe Trina’s sister’s name was Bonnle got into Pyralis University with a perfect score. Apparently, she also won the Best Scholar Award.” 
“Are you serious?” It seemed some of them did not know about this. 
“I’m as serious as a heart attack.” Demetria had a terrible headache whenever she heard people talking about Bonnie. 
“I heard that, too. Still, is that supposed to impress me? Bonnie grew up in the countryside. She’s gruff and ill–mannered. She doesn’t even look at me when I talk to her. For Heaven’s sake, I’m her 
future mother–in–law. 
“She ought to show me respect. The way I heard it, she got in a fight with someone and got arrested.” 
“Sheesh! How uncivilized.” 
“Bonnie’s from the countryside? The fault isn’t with her. It’s the environment she grew up in.” 
Trina could barely hide her satisfaction when she heard the insults about Bonnie. The former approached Vera and asked, “Mom, why isn’t Bonnie here yet? Is it because she’s unhappy that you have her my old dress? I guess it’s my fault. 
“She fancied the dress I’m wearing now. If only I had given it to her, maybe she would’ve shown up today.” 
“Why do you always have to be so thoughtful? The Rhodes family custom–tailored this dress for you. What makes her think you should give it to her just because she wanted it? Who does she think she 
is?” 
Vera might have sounded like she was scolding Trina. However, she was speaking up for her. It made 
Trina feel better about herself. 
‘Hmph, you can’t win against me, Bonnie! You’ll have to wear my old dress to the engagement party. After all, I’ve picked out the most hideous outfit for you. You won’t show up at all if you know what’s best for you. You’ll only hurt yourself if you do.‘ 
Trina was in her thoughts when she heard a commotion at the entrance. “Yowza! Who’s that? She’s gorgeous!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 105
Chapter 105 
‘Who’s stealing my limelight?!‘ 
Trina glared at the entrance, and her eyes widened in anger. 
‘Is that Bonnie?!‘ 
What infuriated Trina most was that although Bonnie wore the old and hideous dress, the latter exuded an outstanding charm that elevated the dress to another level. 
Trina had worn that dress once and thought it looked like a burlap sack. She even despised it. That was why she picked it for Bonnie. Since the latter had no suitable dresses for the engagement party, Trina thought the ugly dress would humiliate Bonnie. 
However, the dress looked nothing like a burlap sack on Bonnie. Instead, she looked gorgeous and outstanding. 
At that moment, Trina realized the dress was not as hideous as she thought. She simply did not have the figure for it. Once Trina realized it, things worsened for her. She was so furious and jealous that she could breathe fire. 
Moreover, Bonnie put on light makeup and had her hair up, revealing her slender neck. She could grab the limelight wherever she went when she looked like this. 
Suddenly, Trina had a hunch and whipped around to look at Hadwin. As expected, he was gawking at Bonnie. It was evident that he was surprised and enchanted. Trina felt gravely threatened. She detested Bonnie, gritting her teeth as she walked over. 
“Woah. You look incredible, Bonnie! I’ve never seen you putting any effort into your looks. What brought on the change tonight?” Trina purposefully phrased her sentence that way so the guests would know Bonnie was out to shame her tonight. 
Bonnie noticed the guests muttering about her. Still, she smiled at Trina and said, “Have you considered a future in the entertainment industry? You love putting on an act, after all. You gave me this dress and told me to doll up. 
“You told me that members of the high society would attend your engagement party and that I have to be mindful of our reputation. Mom also constantly reminded me about it. 
“I’m wearing your old dress. Are you pointing fingers at me because I wore it too extravagantly and stole your limelight? Sheesh. You should’ve said so sooner. I would’ve come with something more 
modest.” 
“You say that, but—” 
Bonnie glanced at Trina disdainfully from top to bottom. 
“Your figure and looks are lackluster, at best. I could come wearing a burlap sack and still look hotter than you. It’s no contest.” 
Trina reddened with fury. Although she was more beautiful than most guests, things looked different when she compared herself with Bonnie. 
Bonnie looked like a glowing star, while Trina looked like a firefly that was struggling to shine. The latter felt jealousy overflowing in her heart. 
Trina burst into tears in response, saying, “H–How could you say that about me? I know I’m not as pretty as you, and you’re making me look bad because I took Hadwin from you.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 106
Chapter 106
1/2 
Chapter 106 
Bonnie scoffed. “Hmph, are you still trying to mislead everyone, Trina? I didn’t want to do this, but you keep saying stuff that would make yourself look good while trying to undermine me. What makes you think I’d just let you push me around?” 
“Th–that’s not what I meant.” Trina continued weeping, 
“Save your breath. Tears won’t make you right. You claim that I tried to 
make you look bad because you took Hadwin away from me, right? I don’t care for an incompetent fool like Hadwin, but you’re right. 
“You took him away from me by sleeping with him while we were engaged. You can claim you two love each other all you want, but you’re still a homewrecker. You’re just trying to make yourself look good when you dabbled in infidelity,” Bonnie said coldly. 
The onlookers exchanged glances and started muttering amongst each other. 
“I know Bonnie is a good–for–nothing, and Hadwin is probably too good for her. Still, I must say, she made some fine points. Trina is a homewrecker who stole her sister’s fiance.” 
“I beg to differ. Hadwin didn’t care for Bonnie because she was a lazy waste of space. People like her don’t deserve to marry into the Rhodes family.” 
“Must Iremind you that she’s the best scholar in our city? How does that make her a loitering waste of space? If that’s true, what does that make the other students? Some of them couldn’t even get into Pyralis University.” 
“That’s besides the topic at hand. Let’s focus on the important stuff here. I’ve heard some rumors that Hadwin was already sleeping with Trina before he called off his engagement with Bonnie. Tsk tsk tsk. Judging from that alone, Trina is undoubtedly a homewrecker.” 
Trina was speechless. She intended to mislead everyone into thinking Bonnie was the bad guy. She did not expect Bonnie to retaliate and turn the table on her. 
Bonnie sneered and said as if she were speaking to a simpleton, “Stop trying to play games with me, 
Trina. I’m in a different league than you. Your petty tricks and worrisome intelligence are nothing to 
me. 
“I’ve been ignoring you because I couldn’t be bothered to waste my time on you. Make no mistake. If you insist on playing your games, I’ll shame you at your own engagement party.” 
Trina balled her fists and glared at Bonnie. 
“Sit in your shame like a dog. There, that’s more like it. Hold it in.” Bonnie continued to hurl insults at Trina before turning to leave. 
Trina thought she was about to lose her mind, but she could not think of a retort to Bonnie. Moreover, 
Charter Tes 
2/2 
the latter had a hold over her. Trina remained seething when she saw Bonnic approaching the twenty -layer cake and taking a life. 
“What’s she doing?!‘ 
Everyone else was just as shocked and puzzled as Trina. They all stared at Bonnie curiously as she motioned to cut the cake. However, the figurines depicting Trina and Hadwin were in the way. So, she removed them and flung them aside. 
Immediately after, she cut the cake and helped herself to a slice. 
Everyone’s jaws dropped while Bonnie took a bite and nodded in approval. “This cake is delicious. Where’d you get it from? I simply must buy some for myself.” 
An eerie, pin–drop silence hung over the banquet hall while Vera and Gresham did everything they could to keep a low profile. They initially intended to lecture Bonnie, but they realized it would not have benefitted them. 
Suddenly, a lady in a light yellow gown emerged from the crowd and approached Bonnie. “You’re impressive, Bonnie! Other women wouldn’t dare to speak up for herself even if her younger sister stole her fiancé. 
“You, on the other hand, showed up at their engagement party and made a mess of it. Not only that, you even ate a slice of their cake. It’s one of the greatest comebacks I’ve ever seen!” 
Bonnie turned and asked, “Who are you?” 
Chapter 107 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 107
Chapter 107 
The young lady extended her hand and introduced herself. “The name’s Avril.” 
Bonnie shook her hand out of courtesy, saying, “I didn’t eat the cake out of spite. I’m just hungry and needed to grab a bite.” 
Avail’s eyes widened as she stared at Bonnie, realizing she was not bluffing or lying 
‘She’s telling the truth. How intriguing. This Bonnie character is something else.‘ 
Meanwhile, Hadwin stormed over grimly. “What’s the meaning of this, Bonnie? I’ll admit I underestimated you. You aren’t as useless as I thought you were. Still, you don’t hold a candle to Trina. She’s an excellent student and is better than you in every way. You only won the Best Scholar Award because you got lucky.” 
“Hey, watch your tongue!” Avril rolled her eyes, arms akimbo. She looked at Hadwin and barked, What do you mean she got lucky?! Do you have any idea what it means to win the Best Scholar Award? Stop making it sound worthless. 
“Bonnie is the Best Scholar in Pyralis. Do you even know our city’s population? Not even the biggest 
city in the world can match us, not to mention minor cities. Also, this year’s SATs were much more challenging than they had ever been. 
“I’m something of a genius in our school, and I only managed to scrape by the SATs because my parents hired a professor from Pyralis University to tutor me. On the other hand, Bonnie aced the SAT with a perfect score! 
“How do you think it’s dumb luck that she won the Best Scholar Award? Try repeating what you said to all of the students who partook in the SATs and see if they’d drown you in their spits! Get off your high horse, jackass!” 
Hadwin’s grim expression deepened while Trina grabbed his arms and smiled, saying, “Let it go, dear. Bonnie can eat all the cake she wants. She’s right, anyway. We’ve been friends since childhood. 
“We were engaged the minute we were born. That’s why we’ve been looking after each other ever since. Still, I didn’t know Mom and Dad weren’t my birth parents until it was too late. I’m not the one who was engaged to you. 
“Bonnie was. Technically, I did become the homewrecker by stealing you away from her.” She started sobbing halfway through her little speech. She effectively silenced anyone who called her a 
homewrecker. 
The onlookers had forgotten about the fact that Bonnie and Trina were swapped in the hospital when they were newborns. 
The Shepards and the Rhodes decided on this marriage way before Bonnie and Hadwin were born. Trina could not have known that she was not the Shepards‘ biological daughter at that time. On the contrary, that made her engagement with Hadwin seem all the more convincing. 
2/2 
With that in mind, Bonnie was the homewrecker instead. She was the one who came into the picture later and stood between Tvina and Hadwin. 
e. How are you this hypocritical? You’re mouthing off, but you spun the tale in such a way that no one could point their fingers at you. Are you trying to mislead everyone into thinking Bonnie’s the homewrecker 
How absurd. Your pity story could never bluff anyone with a working brain. If you didn’t know about the swap at the hospital, how do you suppose Bonnie knew about it? If the swap hadn’t happened, you would ye been toiling away at a farm while the sun beat down on you. 
“Purthermore, Bonnie is the legitimate daughter who should’ve lived a wealthy, comfy life. She’s the one the Rhodes wanted their son to marry, I can’t believe you’re using your childhood friendship with Hachon as a bargaining chip. 
hell with it, you b***! You’re the one who stole Bonnie’s life from her. You’re trying to twist the truth in your favor when you should be feeling guilty. It’s baffling that you dare to accuse Bonnie of coming between you and Hadwin.” 
Trina did not expect Avril to be so quick–witted. The former was already having trouble with Bonnie, and now she had to deal with Avril, too. 
Avril continued, “If you’re going to steal Bonnie’s fiance, be forthright. You should say you and Hadwin love each other and that Bonnie doesn’t deserve him. I would’ve admired your honesty if you did, but you didn’t. 
“You might look gentle and vulnerable, but you’re just throwing Bonnie under the bus, which leads to everyone demeaning her.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 108
Chapter 108 
1/2 
The guests became uneasy after listening to Avril’s rant. They never considered it before, but things looked clearer now. Ultimately, they realized Trina had misled them into thinking Bonnie was the bad 
guy. 
Trina had phrased her words to make it look like she was defending Bonnie, and it ended up riling them up and turning them on Bonnie. However, Trina was not trying to defend her sister. 
After careful contemplation, the guests realized Trina was manipulating them into thinking Bonnie was the villain. Now that they saw through her tricks, they regarded Trina disdainfully. 
Trina had lost her advantage and was at a loss. Ultimately, she could only continue playing the victim. She wept as she said, “Th–that’s not what I meant! Stop twisting my words. Why would I do anything like that to my sister?” 
Harold witnessed everything and could not resist roaring at Gresham, “You failed as a father! Is this how you’ve been educating your daughters? What is the matter with Bonnie?! Hadwin was right. So, what if she aced the SAT with perfect scores? 
“She’s outrageous and tends to bring shame to the family! I’d rather she had a good character than winning the Best Scholar Award.” 
Harold was furious at Bonnie for a different reason. Yolanda tore up Master Orson’s painting over a misunderstanding at his birthday party. So, he went to ask her for another painting from Master Orson. To his surprise, Bonnie turned him down. 
He even remembered what she had said to him back then. 
“Do you think I can just order Orson around? Do you think he’ll make another painting simply because I asked him to? He did it last time because I took Kay as my apprentice. Let’s say I ask him for another painting. 
“How do you suppose I should answer if he asks about the previous one? Am I supposed to tell him that you guys tore it up? 
The more he thought about it, the angrier he got at Bonnie. If it were up to him, he would have told Gresham to send her back to the countryside where she belonged. He would do that if Bonnie said anything unpleasant to him or his wife. 
They’d then send Bonnie packing and ensure she could never return to Pyralis. 
Meanwhile, Avril had enough of Trina. The former realized something and said, “Wait, if it’s Trina’s birthday today, then it’s yours, too, Bonnie! Where’s your cake?” 
Bonnie casually glanced over Vera, Gresham, and the others before saying, “They’ve never prepared a birthday cake for me in my life.” 
Avril was utterly dumbfounded. “Son of a b***! I always knew Trina is your parents‘ favorite child, but I never thought they’d be this horrible.” 
Chapter 108 
2/2 
None of the guests noticed it before Avril brought it up. When she brought it up, they realized today= was also Bonnie’s birthday. When they shifted their gazes at the cake table, they saw two cakes there. 
One of them was the wedding cake, while the other one was Trina’s birthday cake. Indeed, the family had left Bonnie out. The Shepards might have favored Trina over Bonnie, but was it too much to ask that they keep appearances up? 
Gresham and Vera felt humiliated, but they were cursing at Bonnie internally. If they had known something like this would happen, they would have locked her up in the house instead. The 
engagement party would have gone perfectly without Bonnie there. 
“Bonnie, do you at least have a birthday present?” Avril asked affectionately. 
Chapter 109 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 109
Chapter 109 
Bonnie remained quiet for a moment before answering, “Yeah, I have loads of birthday presents.” 
Although none of her family gave her presents, she received loads from her friends and colleagues. There were so many that she could fill a train. 
Avril noticed Bonnie’s brief pause and thought maybe Bonnie was lying. The former assumed Bonnie must have gotten no present at all but said she did to preserve her reputation. 
‘My heart can just break for her!‘ 
Avril removed her necklace and gave it to Bonnie, saying, “This is my most cherished necklace. I hope you like it.” 
“Um…” 
Avril crossed her arms and said, “There can only be two reasons for you to turn down the offer. It’s 
either you hate it, or you don’t want to be my friend.” 
Since she put it that way, Bonnie could only accept it. 
At that moment, Trina looked down on Bonnie, thinking, ‘How pathetic that you only get one gift, Bonnie. Look at my pile of presents. There are so many that I can probably load a car with them. It’s my birthday, and you’re not going to steal my limelight.‘ 
Suddenly, fireworks exploded in the sky and disrupted her thoughts. 
‘Is somebody playing with fireworks? It sounds like quite the show.‘ 
Everyone was curious about it and hurried out of the hotel. Then, they saw a magnificent sight. There were fireworks as far as the eyes could see, exploding and glowing against the night sky. 
“Wow! They’re wonderful! This grand gesture must cost a fortune. Just how many fireworks are there?” One of the guests uttered. 
Immediately after, the fireworks exploded to form a brief phrase, “Happy birthday, Bonnie!” 
‘Wait a minute. Bonnie?!‘ 
Everyone gazed at her and realized she was just as shocked as them. Then, they realized it was a surprise for her. 
“Perhaps the fireworks are for someone else with the same name.” One of the guests took a wild 
guess. 
Trina sighed in relief. 
“That was scary. I thought someone wasted all their money to make such a grand gesture for Bonnie.‘ 
Trina mocked, “How unfortunate, Bonnie. I know the fireworks aren’t for you, even though it says your name. Still, you can pretend they’re for you since it’s your birthday, too.” 
Chapter 189. 
2/2 
“Trina, can you stoop any lower? I could just throw up right now. I used to think you were impressive for getting into Pyralis University. I also thought you were multi–talented. The last thing I expected was for you to be this laughable. 
“You guys are Bonnie’s family, yet you didn’t prepare any presents for her. Now you’re telling Bonnie to pretend the fireworks are for her. You suck so bad!” 
The other guests started muttering, too. It was clear that they found Trina distasteful as well. 
“I didn’t mean anything by that. Also, I did prepare a gift for Bonnie.” Trina pointed at the pile of presents and looked at Bonnie, saying, “Take your pick. The only gift you can’t pick is the one Hadwin gave me. I can’t possibly give that to you. I–I’m sorry.” 
“Hmph, you can keep them. I have more than enough presents.” Bonnie checked the time and 
remembered her plans with Heath. Although he said he would celebrate her birthday at midnight, it was just seven now. There was plenty of time left. 
A moment later, more than a dozen Bentleys pulled over at the hotel entrance. Then, several dozen bodyguards stepped out with rose bouquets. They stood in a file and approached the guests. 
Everyone was baffled by the sudden turn of events, but Bonnie recognized the sunglasses -wearing man at the forefront as Floyd. 
Hadwin’s father, Draco, emerged from the crowd and asked, “How can I help you, sir?” 
Floyd replied, “We’re here to celebrate her birthday.” 
‘Her? Who’s her? Does he mean Trina?‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 110
Chapter 110 
Trina stepped out of the crowd excitedly and glanced sidelong at Bonnie. The former then extended her hand to accept the bouquet from Floyd. She asked, “Who arranged for this for my birthday?” 
“Pardon me, but I don’t mean you,” Floyd responded blankly. 
Trina felt embarrassed and froze. Meanwhile, Floyd strode toward Bonnie and said, “My master wishes you a happy birthday, Ms. Bonnie.” 
“Please convey my gratitude to him.” Bonnie accepted the bouquet and glanced at Trina mockingly. 
Trina blushed with embarrassment, fury, and regret as she withdrew her hands. 
“Hahaha!” Avril burst into hearty laughter. 
Meanwhile, Trina was so ashamed that she wished she could hide in a hole. Vera then approached Bonnie and looked at the bouquet, frowning as she said, “Who would give you these?” 
Everyone else was just as curious as to who would make such a grand gesture. They even wondered what kind of big shot Bonnie might know. From the looks of it, the person must come from a family wealthier and more prominent than the Rhodes. 
Everyone gazed at Bonnie as she said, “The CEO of Knight Group.‘ 
The crowd fell silent for a moment. Some rolled their eyes, while others outright called Bonnie a liar. 
Even Vera was furious at Bonnie’s answer. 
‘Here she goes again. She just can’t go by a day without lying!‘ 
However, Bonnie had expected such reactions and merely glanced at her mother nonchalantly. On the other hand, Trina joined those who accused Bonnie of lying, “Why don’t you just tell the truth? Who could have made such a gesture when you’ve been staying home for a long while now? 
“You’re living alone out there. What will we do if you get entangled with a horrible man who coerced you into doing something against your will? We’ll be concerned about you.” 
Bonnie glared at Trina, knowing she was at it again. The latter tried to mislead everyone into thinking Bonnie had a sugar daddy. 
‘She just doesn’t know when to quit. It looks like it’s time to teach her another lesson.‘ 
Bonnie said, “Is that why you hired someone to tail me?” 
Trina froze again, wishing she could slap herself. She had forgotten that Bonnie had an advantage over her. The former regretted making such suggestions. 
“I didn’t want to say that, Trina, but you keep trying to shame me. You can’t push me around.” Bonnie meant what she said as she was genuinely enraged. 
She glanced at Hadwin and added, “You claimed you two are childhood friends. You did a good job 
Chapter 110 
212 
painting a beautiful picture. What everyone doesn’t know is that you two had sex with each other long ago” 
Trina was shocked to the core, “Wh what nonsense is that, Bonnie? Why do you think I’d do something like that?” 
Vera glared at Bonnie and warned, “Quit it, Bonnie, Stop trying to ruin Trina’s reputation.” 
Bonnie glanced at her coldly, retorting, “Where were you when she misled everyone to slander my name? Why didn’t you step forward and defend me?” 
“She was just worried about you, You’re the one who twisted her words,” 
“Hmph!” Bonnie scoffed and swept her gaze across the guests. “Anyone can tell she was slandering my reputation, I also overheard some of them making cutting remarks about me, So, am I twisting her words, or did she mislead everyone into thinking the worst of me? Which is it, Mom?” 
Vera said through gritted teeth. “You’re embarrassing yourself. Why can’t you wait until we get home before spouting such nonsense?” 
“Why should I?” Bonnie said defiantly, “Why can’t I retaliate when Trina insulted me in front of all these people? Is it because you and Dad raised her yourself? Is it because I’m a country bumpkin, and it ruined our family’s reputation?” 
Bonnie’s assessment was accurate. She had unveiled the deep, dark secrets Vera and Gresham had been trying to bury. 
“Wh–Why, you little- This is outrageous!” Vera was so mad that she swung a slap at Bonnie, 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 111
Chapter 111 
Bonnie noticed the incoming slap and stepped back to avoid it. She then said, “I remember first going to the countryside. You slapped me then because Trina framed me for pushing her down the stairs, even though she did it on purpose. 
“At that moment, I swore to myself that it would be the last time I let Trina set me up. I decided that no one could slap me if I didn’t do anything wrong!” 
“That’s outrageous! What did I do to deserve someone as heartless as you? You’re such a sorry excuse of a daughter!” Vera was exasperated. 
Harold stared at Gresham bitterly and roared, “It’s bad enough that Bonnie embarrassed herself, but she made such a huge mess of Trina’s engagement party. Everyone will laugh at us over this!” 
Yolanda had also grown sick of Bonnie. “I told you she’s a country bumpkin! You can try to teach her all you want, but nothing will help. Good on you for not listening to me. Take her back to where she came from. Take her as far away as possible.” 
Gresham sighed, approached Bonnie, and raised his hand. 
“What, are you going to slap me too?” Bonnie stood her ground indifferently. 
Floyd was worried about how things would turn out and quickly texted Ivor to tell him about everything that was happening there. Ivor’s expression grew grim when he read the text and replied, “Video call me now.” 
“Right away.” Floyd made a video call, and Ivor accepted it. 
Almost immediately after, the latter understood the situation. The entire Shepard family had pitted themselves against Bonnie. They were frowning at her as if they could not wait to get rid of her. 
It was a heartbreaking sight for Ivor. 
Gresham stared at Bonnie solemnly. “You have one last chance to apologize to Trina. If you refuse, I’ll disown you!” 
“You’ve never treated me as your own to begin with.” Bonnie stared back at him defiantly. 
“Why, you-” Gresham was outraged. “It seems you refuse to apologize, after all. If you don’t give a damn about your status as one of the Shepards, then suit yourself. From now on, the Shepards disown you. Crawl back to the countryside and live the rest of your life with your pathetic foster parents!” 
His words upset Bonnie. She retorted, “Watch your tongue! They might be from the countryside, but you don’t have the right to insult them. Although my parents were born and raised there, they’re down to earth and have worked tirelessly their whole lives. 
“They did everything to provide for their kids selflessly, unlike you. You merely care about your damn reputation.” 
2/2 
Vera roared, “Is that the way to talk to your father, Bonnie? You’re such an outrageous and rebellious child. Karma will get you one of these days!” 
Although you guys are my birth parents, it doesn’t mean you can do whatever you want to me. You can’t just humiliate me and punish me.” Bonnie swept her gaze across Harold, Yolanda, and the other Shepards. 
She added, “I know all of you want to get rid of me. You think I brought shame to the family. You’ve wanted to chase me out long ago, especially Grandpa and Grandma. You asked me to put in another request with Orson because you tore up his painting, but I turned you down. 
“You two have detested me even more ever since. What happened today is simply the last straw. I knew you guys would think I’m a bad fit for the family. Well, the feeling is mutual. I’m more than happy to cut ties with the family. I want nothing to do with you all!” 
“Fine then!” Harold slammed his cane. “It doesn’t matter if you thrive or fail in the future. Get out of my sight now!” 
He was confident peace would return to his family once Bonnie left. 
Trina barely stifled laughter. She knew she would no longer have to worry about losing her status in 
the family. Still, she thought it was a shame as a life without Bonnie would be mundane. 
Even so, Bonnie remained unfazed, saying, “It’s decided, then.” 
She turned and barely took a step when she heard Harold’s voice from behind her, “I want you to 
make an official announcement on Twitter, Gresham. Let everyone know that we’ve disowned Bonnie. I don’t want her future debacles to drag our family’s name through the mud.” 
The guests felt a shiver down their spine at what he said. 
After the announcement, Bonnie was no longer associated with the Shepards. From that point, nothing she did could reverse it, even if she fell on her knees and begged for Harold’s mercy. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 112
Chapter 112 
“Right away, Dad. I’ll have my assistant announce it on Twitter,” Gresham sighed and looked at Bonnie with disappointment. 
‘I could’ve tolerated Bonnie being a good–for–nothing, but she keeps making messes. Some big shot in Pyralis must’ve sent those bodyguards and bouquets. Since that big shot didn’t show up and sent these men instead, then he must be Bonnie’s sugar daddy. 
“That’s why he can’t show his face. Once he exposes his identity, his wife will fight with him and Bonnie. I’m not even willing to imagine it.‘ 
Now that the Shepards had disowned Bonnie, she would have to bear the consequences of her actions 
alone. 
“Your chariot awaits, Ms. Bonnie.” Floyd opened the car door for her. 
She stopped and glanced at him and, saying, “I need a favor.” 
“Anything you please.” 
“First, I’ll send you a video clip. Then…” 
“Loud and clear. You may take your leave first, Ms. Bonnie.” 
After receiving the video clip, Floyd turned and approached Trina. “Ms. Bonnie forgot to mention it earlier, but she just told me she prepared a birthday present for you.” 
Trina had a bad feeling about it when she heard that. 
Floyd gestured at the big screen and announced, “May I direct your attention to the screen, everyone?!” 
Everyone looked at the screen in puzzlement. Soon after, they started gawking at it. A man and a lady were passionately doing foreplay in the video. 
“Perhaps we should do this in the hotel, Hadwin. What will we do if someone sees us?” 
“Come on, we’re in the countryside. There are more mosquitoes here than there are people. You’re getting scared over nothing.” 
“I’m just worried about someone seeing us…” 
“If you’re that concerned, we can pick up where we left off in the forest.” Hadwin led Trina into the thicket of the forest. Looking at the time stamp in the video revealed that it was four years ago. It meant that Bonnie did not lie about Hadwin cheating on her with Trina. 
Meanwhile, Trina paled, and Hadwin grew grim. 
Avril stepped forward and spoke up for her newfound friend, “Well, well, well. It turns out Bonnie didn’t lie. You Shepards had wrongly accused Bonnie, after all.” 
212 
Gresham and the gang did not know what to say. 
“Shame on you! The Shepards are one of the most prestigious families in Pyralis. Will you guys seriously do nothing about it?” Avril growled, arms akimbo. 
Fernanda emerged from the crowd and retorted, “That doesn’t mean Bonnie’s innocent. It doesn’t matter if Hadwin and Trina slept together. Bonnie shouldn’t have shown the video clip in front of so many people. Her actions just put the entire family to shame.” 
“Exactly!” Ysabel chimed in, “She got disowned because she didn’t give a damn about our reputation. Grandpa and Uncle Gresham did the right thing!” 
Avril was beside herself with rage. “Oh my god. Are there no sensible people left in the Shepard family? You guys are the ones who couldn’t wait to shun her. You even announced it on Twitter to tell the world that she’s no longer one of you. 
“After everything you guys have done, what makes you think she’d care about your reputation? Bonnie was too kind to you all. If I were her, I would’ve done so much more.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 113
Chapter 113 
Avril’s father, Daken Smith, tugged at her arms. “That’s enough, Avril. Let’s go home.” 
“People must own up to our mistakes. That’s how people better themselves. You taught me that ever since I was a little girl, Dad. Does that apply to kids only and not adults? How’s that fair?” 
Dalem had no good comebacks to that. 
“How’s it acceptable to disown one of your family members because they wanted to preserve their reputation?” Avril said as she swept her gaze across the Shepards. She shook her head and chuckled when she knew no one dared to retort. 
“Bonnie’s highly intelligent. It looks like the Shepards are cold and heartless, after all. I guess it’s good she severed her ties with you all.” With that, Avril got into her car and ordered her chauffeur, Go after Bonnie.” 
“Avril!” Daken yelled and chased after her. 
” 
The engagement party was such a mess that the Shepards and the Rhodes felt discouraged to keep it going. 
Harold stepped onto the stage with his cane and addressed everyone, “Please accept my sincere apologies. Bonnie behaved poorly and brought shame to the family. She was the black sheep of our family. 
“I’m not in the mood to say anything more about her. After all, she’s no longer one of us. As for the earlier video, the truth is, we knew Trina and Hadwin were an item long ago. We and the Rhodes love how they found each other and give our full support to them. 
“If Hadwin hadn’t called off the wedding with Bonnie, we would’ve done the same thing and married him to Trina anyway. That wretched Bonnie pulled a wicked one over Trina to take revenge on her. 
“I can’t believe she hired people to tail Trina, recorded that video, and showed it here. Bonnie’s actions could ruin Trina’s reputation and bury her future. My family won’t tolerate such a vile human being in our ranks. 
“With that in mind, I implore everyone to avoid thinking of her as one of the Shepards and hold us accountable for her hideous actions in the future.” 
“You did the right thing, Harold. You can’t trust someone who puts an entire family to shame. We would’ve done the same if we were in your shoes.” 
“What a shame, though. Bonnie is Pyralis’s Best Scholar and had connections to Master Orson.” 
“I guess winning the Best Scholar Award is an impressive feat, but her character tells me she won’t amount to anything once she’s out in the real world. As for Master Orson, I was stunned as to how someone like her got to know such a prestigious figure. I finally realized that she had used her sugar daddy’s connections.” 
“you have an excellent point! That explains so much. Master Orson must’ve attended Harold’s birthday party because Bonnie’s sugar daddy pulled some strings. ” 
The more everyone demoaned Bonnie, the grimmer Vera’s expression became. After all, she was Bonnie’s birth mother, no matter how worthless Vera thought her daughter was, 
How bumiliating! Bonnie’s one of the biggest mistakes I’ve ever made in my entire life!! 
Simultaneoushy, Vera understood something else. 
“That explains why Bonnie had lunch with the professors at Ms. Bonita’s research institute. Her sugar daddy must’ve used his connections to pull that stunt, Forget it. I’ll stop wasting time thinking about ber. 
What matters is that Bonnie is no longer one of the Shepards. I’ll just pretend I gave birth to Trina instead. 
Meanwhile, Avril finally caught up to Bonnie on the freeway, 
“How are you holding up, Bonnie?” Avril held Bonnie’s hands and asked with concern while Daken stood to the side, smoking a cigarette. 
Bonnie could tell Avril’s concern was genuine. It was heartwarming to know that Avril cared so much about her. “Don’t worry about it, I got used to it long ago,” 
“They’re a bunch of heartless bastards! It’s good that you cut ties with them,” Avril growled, “Do you have a place to stay? Perhaps you should come to my place. I’m sure my parents will agree.” 
Bonnie looked at Daken while Avril asked pitifully, “You’ll agree to it. Won’t you, Dad?” 
Daken exhaled a cloud of smoke and smiled before walking over. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 114
Chapter 114 
“Since you’re Avril’s friend, you’re more than welcome to my home. You can join us if you’re okay with it. If you ever feel like leaving one day, I’ll help you out.” 
Although the Shepards were a bunch of heartless monsters, Bonnie never discounted the fact that there were genuinely kind–hearted people in the world. She was about to politely turn down their offer when a black Maybach approached them. 
“Hmm?” Daken stared at the car and was surprised. Puzzled, he said, “I think that’s a limited edition Maybach.” 
Avril’s eyes widened as she asked, “Are you sure, Dad? Is it the Maybach you always talk about?” 
She might not have known much about cars, but her dad did. Technically speaking, every man was knowledgeable about cars the same way women were with handbags. In that case, Avril knew a thing or two about cars because her dad constantly talked about them. 
“I think it is,” Daken said as the black Maybach pulled over before Bonnie. 
The window lowered halfway through, and he heard a deep voice coming from inside, “Get in.” 
“Okay.” Bonnie nodded and looked at Avril and Daken. “I appreciate the gesture, but I have a place to 
stay.” 
Avril could not help but look at the man in the car. However, it was dark inside, and she could barely 
make out his profile by the glow of the street light. Still, she realized the man was young and 
handsome. 
“Um, are you guys close, Bonnie?” Avril could barely bring herself to ask such a question. 
Bonnie grinned and said, “You must also think I have a sugar daddy and that I’m well on my way to being a homewrecker.” 
“N–No. That’s not what I meant at all. I’m just worried about a bad guy tricking you into getting into 
his car.” 
“Don’t worry about it. I’m not having an affair with this guy or anything.” 
Avril gazed at Bonnie and decided she was not lying. Moreover, the former had a hunch Bonnie was not someone who would have an affair with a married man. It simply was not who Bonnie was. 
On the other hand, Trina would undoubtedly do something like that if an opportunity presented itself. 
“Are you sure you’re not coming to stay with us?” 
“Thanks for the offer, but I do have a place to stay.” 
Avril realized Bonnie was insistent on staying elsewhere and did not argue. Still, the former could not help but ask as she watched the black Maybach drive off into the distance, “Who do you think was in the car, Dad?” 
212 
“t’s hard to say for sure.” Daken shook his head and flicked his cigarette aside. “Don’t overthink it. If she considers you her friend, she’ll tell you about it in the future,” 
“I guess you’re right. It’s like what you said. Everyone has secrets. We should take a step back and give them space. That’s what friends do.” Avril did just that and let the matter rest. 
Ivor rook Bonnie to a seaside villa. She regarded the place in puzzlement and asked, “Why’d you bring me here” 
Ivor smiled and clapped. Immediately after, colorful lights came to life from the villa to the surrounding trees. Then, they continued to light up all over the coastline. 
Thud thud thud! 
A moment later, a pleasant melody echoed as Floyd wheeled a pink cake in the shape of a castle toward Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 115
Chapter 115 
“Mr. Ivor ordered this custom–made birthday cake for you, Ms. Bonnte.” 
Bonnie looked at the cake and noticed it was several times bigger than the one Trina got for her engagement party. “Do you honestly think I can finish all that?” 
Ivor had waited for her to say something. He thought hier gesture would move her, but this was her response instead, “What a waste.” 
Although she said that, a warm, cozy feeling rose within her. 
“It’s okay. If you can’t finish it, I’ll tell Floyd to cut it up for my employees. I’m sure they can finish it. That way, we can share the joy with more people.” Ivor responded with a smile. 
Bonnie gawked at him after hearing what he said. 
He looked at the villa and added, “You’d better get a move on. I prepared more surprises for you inside.” 
Although Bonnie was puzzled, she opened the doors. 
Pop! Pop! Pop! 
Party poppers echoed, and confetti burst into the air. Bonnie was stunned by the poppers and the decoration inside. There were roses from floor to ceiling and even on the staircase handrails. 
Bonnie would have thought she had mistakenly entered a rose garden if she had not known better. 
“So, what do you think? Do you like it?” 
Bonnie averted her gaze from the roses and frowned as she stared at Ivor, asking, “Um, what are you trying to do?” 
“Look around you. What do you think I’m doing?” He asked. 
“Are you going to confess your feelings for me?” 
“Exactly! That’s why you’re my fiancee.” 
She rolled her eyes at him, saying, “I’m not your fiancee anymore after tonight.” 
“Hence, the surprise.” A moment later, Ivor got down on one knee and took a ring from his pocket. I’m not going to say anything romantic to you. Instead, I’ll cut to the chase. I want you to be my wife and to be the mother of my child. I also want you to be the grandmother of my grandchildren. That’s about it.” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched. Countless guys had confessed their love for her, but none of them had ever been as forthright as Ivor. 
‘He wants me to be all that. That means he wants to be with me for the rest of his life!‘ 
Chapter 115 
2/2 
After a prolonged silence, she took a step back and said, “If my memory serves me right, I told you marriage is never a part of my plan. I’m only interested in building my career. So, you should give up on the idea” 
“Give up isn’t in my dictionary,” Ivor said confidently. 
Bonnie raised a brow in amusement. “As I recall, you used to say that I don’t deserve could never fall in love with me.” 
you 
and that you 
“That’s because I was a fool. I didn’t know better.” Ivor responded briefly. 
She had no comebacks for that. No one would since he put it that way. 
“I’m curious. What do you love about me?” 
“Not a clue.” 
“Huh?” Bella was surprised. 
“Mhm.” He nodded. 
“Did you just confess and propose to me when you don’t even know what you love about me? How serious are you?” Bonnie did not know how else to respond. 
Ivor was a six–footer and only took a single step to get closer to Bella. The chandelier shined on him and cast a shadow that enveloped Bella. Ivor looked at her with profound affection as if he cherished her beauty. 
“Who ruled that one has to love a person’s specific traits? Can’t I fall in love with you because of who you are? There aren’t rules that say I can’t love you because of some inexplicable force.” 
Bonnie could not think of anything to retort Ivor’s reasoning. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 116
Chapter 116 
Chapter 116 
“Ahem. It’s late. I’m going to hit the hay.” With that, Bonnie turned and headed for the door. 
“I won’t give up, Bonnie. Get ready for more attempts.” Ivor watched as Bonnie left. 
“Do whatever you want.” 
Smiling, he caught up to her and asked, “Does that mean I have a shot?” 
“I didn’t say that.” 
“You didn’t turn me down, either.” 
“Fine. I’ll do it now-” Bonnie could not finish her sentence because Ivor suddenly pressed a finger on her lips. “Stop. Let me have this.” 
His finger felt slightly rough to the touch, and Bonnie swiped it away. “I don’t like people touching 
me. 
)) 
“Okay. You have my word.” He regarded her joyfully. 
Bonnie stared at him and thought this particular promise was hollow. Still, she did not want to waste time mulling over it. 
The following day, she packed her stuff first thing in the morning. Ivor approached her door and asked with a frown, “Do you have to leave so soon?” 
“We agreed that our engagement would last for only a month. I’ve stayed ten days longer to compensate for the one day I stayed at my former parents‘ place, as you asked.” Bonnie replied while packing the rest of her things into a suitcase. 
“Do you have anywhere to stay if you leave now?” He asked concernedly. 
“I’ll start looking for one while I stay at a motel.” 
“If that’s the case, you should stay here until you find a place. How about it?” “Thanks, but no thanks.” After packing up, Bonnie carried her suitcase downstairs. 
Sigmund then hurried over with a cane and asked, “Are you leaving, Bonnie?” 
“Good morning, Grandpa Sigmund. Please don’t try to make me stay. I know I owe my life to you, but I’ve followed our agreement by getting engaged to your grandson and staying here for a month. That reminds me. Please call off our engagement.” 
Ivor was startled, saying, “I disagree.” 
Bonnie turned to look at him and asked, “Are you serious?” 
“Dead serious.” Ivor looked so gentlemanly that it was the last thing she expected him to say. 
“No one can force me into a marriage against my will.” 
Chapter 116 
212 
“I’m not forcing you in any way. I’m just asking you to reconsider it.” He could accept Bonnie wanting to leave but could not bear her calling off the engagement. 
“Really? Is that how you do it? I can’t tell because of how pushy you are now.” 
“That’s enough, you two!” Sigmund said, “Bonnie, we agreed that you could call off the engagement if you two didn’t fall in love with each other within a month. Ivor has ended up falling for you, which nullifies our agreement. 
“How about you give him another month? If you still don’t have feelings for him, that’s his fault, and I’ll stay out of it.” 
Bonnie said solemnly, “I’ve decided to leave, Grandpa Sigmund. Also, you must call off the engagement today.” 
“All right, fine. I know how stubborn you are. No one can change your mind once you’ve decided something. I’ll call off the engagement now since you insist on leaving ” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 117
Chapter 117 
“I disagree, Grandpa!” Ivor said as he pursed his lips, displeased. 
“That won’t help. Can’t you see that Bonnie has made up her mind? You’ll only worsen things if you keep pushing her! What I say goes. From today onward, you’re no longer engaged to Bonnie. 
“Also, since you’re so worthless, I want you out of the villa and step down from your position in the company. Your only task is to follow Bonnie wherever she goes. If you need money, cling to her. She can afford to support you, after all. You can return when she agrees to marry you. 
Ivor’s eyes glinted with coldness as he turned to Floyd, saying, “Tell my dad that Grandpa fired me. He has to take over the company from today onward.” 
He then looked at Alfred and ordered, “Pack my stuff. I’ll leave with Bonnie.” 
Bonnie was at a loss when she saw how serious Ivor was. 
‘Are Ivor and Sigmund this childish? Give me a break, guys.‘ 
“You said you’re leaving with me. Did you ask me if I’m comfortable with that?” 
Ivor said confidently, “It doesn’t matter. I’ll sleep by the door if you don’t let me sleep in the same room. I have nowhere else to stay since Grandpa has kicked me out of my home.‘ 
“Yeah, that’s right. Follow Bonnie’s footsteps every day, Ivor. I’ll suspend all your debit and credit cards. If she refuses to support you, you might as well starve to death.” Sigmund stroked his beard as he spoke. 
It seemed Bonnie had no choice but to go along with it. She sighed and said, “I can stay here for now, but I’m moving out as soon as I find a place for myself. That’s the best I can do.” 
Meanwhile, Ivor and Sigmund knew it was wise to quit while they were ahead. They merely smiled and kept quiet. Suddenly, Bonnie received a call from Avril. 
Buzz, buzz, buzz. 
“Hello?” 
“Do you have some time to kill, Bonnie?” 
“Is there anything you need?” 
“I want to hang out with you.” Avril invited Bonnie out because she wanted to cheer her up. After all, anyone in Bonnie’s shoes would feel depressed after what happened yesterday. 
“I’m pretty busy-” 
“Don’t give me that. Well, it’s my birthday today. I think I told you about it yesterday, right? Come on, I gave you a birthday present. Can’t I ask you to hang out with me on my birthday?” 
Of course, Bonnie could not reject Avril’s request when she put it that way. 
Chapter 117 
2/2 
“All right, where are we going?” 
“Let’s go to the pedestrian zone.” 
Later that day, the duo met at the intersection leading to the pedestrian zone. Avril probed, “Did you have a good sleep last night?” 
“Hmm, I feel rested. It wasn’t too bad,” Bonnie said truthfully. She could finally have closure now that Gresham and the other Shepards had disowned her. 
“Sheesh. You just love acting tough by keeping everything inside, huh?” Avril refused to believe Bonnie was unfazed about yesterday’s events. 
Although Gresham and Vera were Bonnie’s birth parents, they poured all their love into their stepdaughter instead. They then shunned and disowned Bonnie in front of so many people. Worse, her ex–fiance was now engaged to her stepsister. 
Bonnie said, “You’re overthinking it. I mean it when I say I’ve moved on.” 
“Fine, let’s not discuss such gloomy things today. Since today’s my birthday, it’s my treat. You can buy anything you want, and I’ll pay for it. Onward to the shopping mall over there!” Avril led Bonnie straight to the third floor of the shopping mall. 
“Do you know about the history of Bohemian Boutique?” Avril pointed at the boutique before them. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 118
Chapter 118 
1/2 
Bonnie’s brows twitched. Of course, she knew about Bohemian Boutique as it was one of the boutiques Tang Fusion Studio owned. Hamish had named it after Bonnie using the first two letters of her name, which she found cheesy. Still, she could not care less about it, 
Avril noticed Bonnie’s silence and thought she knew nothing about the boutique. “This boutique belongs to Tang Fusion Studio. The famous fashion designer, Hamish, is the general manager and the chief designer there. 
“It has franchises worldwide. Everyone knows it’s the top brand in the fashion industry. The outfits here are costly, too.” Avril scratched her neck embarrassingly and blushed a little. “Um, I know I said you can buy anything you want. 
“You can buy as many as you like from other brands, but I can only afford an outfit or two if they’re from Bohemian Boutique.” 
Bonnie chuckled in response, thinking Avril was refreshingly honest. The former said, “Come on, let’s go 
in. Let me know if you like anything. I’ll buy it even if you like every outfit here. After all, it’s your birthday today.” 
Since Bonnie owned this company, she did not have to pay for anything. On the other hand, Avril considered her words a joke. Even so, she appreciated the gesture very much. 
When they entered, Bonnie picked a blue and purple dress, saying, “Do you want to try this one?” 
“Woah! Good eyes, Bonnie! This dress looks excellent. Hey, wait a minute. Why are we picking outfits for me? We’ve got this backward. We’re here for you to buy an outfit.” 
“Go ahead and try it on.” Bonnie had no intention of explaining things to Avril. Instead, she took the dress straight to Avril. 
Suddenly, someone yanked at the dress, saying, “What a nice dress. It’s mine now.” 
Bonnie frowned and turned to look at the lady. The former recognized the young lady as a member of the Dyngard family, one of the high society families. However, Bonnie could not remember the young lady’s name. 
Avril glared at the young lady and said, “You’ve crossed the line, Brittany. We took that dress first.” 
Brittany raised her chin and retorted, “Did you pay for it?” 
“Did you?!” Avril yanked at the dress, too. From her perspective, Bonnie seemed fragile. Avril feared Brittany might have yanked at the dress too hard and caused Bonnie to stumble. 
“I’m about to pay for it.” Brittany fished a credit card out of her purse. 
“That’s ridiculous. I’m going to pay, too.” 
“Are you doing this on purpose, Avril? There are so many dresses here, yet you insist on fighting with 
( 18 
me over this one. 
** 
212 
“For crying out loud! I’ve seen a fair share of unreasonable people, but you take the cake, Brittany. We were here first and took the dress before you did. Are you seriously twisting the story and accusing us of fighting with you over it?” Avril said, exasperated. 
The store manager came over with a smile. “There’s a similar dress over there, missies. Perhaps –” 
“I want this one!” 
“Me too!” 
Anyone familiar with the brand knew that every dress had one size for each design. Avril and Brittany were still fighting over the dress when Bonnie yanked it away from both of their clutches. 
“What do you think you’re doing?!” Brittany roared at her. 
“This dress is mine. You don’t have the right to take it from me.” Bonnie retorted indifferently. 
“Heh, how absurd. Your family disowned you, you bumpkin. What makes you think you can fight me?” Brittany turned to the store manager and the sales assistants, saying, “Keep your eyes on her. She can’t afford to shop in high–end boutiques such as yours. 
“She’s probably here to steal your outfits. You guys should know better than anyone how expensive your outfits are. If any one of these dresses goes missing, it’ll take about a year of your pay to make up for it.” 
After hearing Brittany’s words, the store manager and sales assistants grew somewhat worried. Meanwhile, Avril grew furious as she said, “What do you mean she can’t afford to shop here? Stop looking down on her, Brittany. 
“Although Bonnie’s family disowned her, she’s the Best Scholar in Pyralis. There’s no telling how successful she’ll become in the future. The way I see it, she’ll make a name for herself in the next few 
years!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 119
Chapter 119
ups! What’s so great about the Best Scholar Award? There’s a Best Scholar every year. Most of them make nothing of themselves. Instead, they tend to fade into the background,” Brittany sounded unbearably snobbish. 
She added, “Also, my parents say Bonnie doesn’t respect her elders, picks on her younger sister, and is a pathological liar. It doesn’t matter if she had a perfect score on the SAT, She’ll offend plenty of people when she’s in the real world because that’s just who she is. She’ll fail to make a name for herself and ruin her reputation,” 
Avcil was outraged, asking, “Who do you think your parents are? They can’t predict the future. They wouldn’t know how Bonnie’s future will go,” 
“You bore me.” Brittany lifted her chin and glanced at Avril disdainfully before turning to Bonnie. ” I’m warning you, bumpkin. Play nice, and give me the dress. You have no choice anyway. There’s something I should’ve said earlier. My family is a business partner with Tang Fusion Studios. 
“We have priority in buying anything we like in Bohemian Boutique,” Brittany took a VIP card from her purse and showed it to the store manager, You should recognize what this is. Tell them I have priority here,” 
The store manager nodded. “This is a VIP card distributed by the headquarters. You can buy any dress we have. Please give us a minute, Ms. Brittany, I’ll pack this one for you.” 
She then approached Bonnie and sald, “Please forgive me, Ms. Bonnie, I’ll have to ask you to pass me that dress. Other designs in our boutique are just as exquisite. I’ll recommend some of them to you later. What do you think?” 
Brittany interjected, “Tsk! You fall as a store manager, I didn’t want to say this, but I have to. You don’t have to be so courteous to a country bumpkin like her. You’re the store manager whose main task is to promote business for your boutique. She can’t afford anything here, yet you’re treating her with respect. 
“You’re wasting your time and energy with her. If I were your superior, I would’ve fired you.” Brittany was displeased to see the store manager treating Bonnie so–courteously. Instead, Brittany wanted to see Bonnie getting kicked out of the boutique. 
“Well…” The store manager looked embarrassed, 
Suddenly, she heard an indifferent voice beside her, “She did the right thing. During Bohemian Boutique’s founding, the foremost rule they established was to provide top–notch service to any 
customer. 
“No staff should look down on anyone who enters the boutique. It’s one of the first things every staff must know during orientation.” 
The store manager’s eyes widened as she looked at Bonnie. The store manager thought, ‘How does she know all that?‘ 
Chapter 119. 
2/2 
“This is unacceptable! Let’s go, Bonnie!” Avril did not like how things turned out, but there was nothing else they could do. She was okay to stay and shop, but Brittany was harassing Bonnie. Brittany even called Bonnie a bumpkin and said other horrible things to her. 
“What’s the hurry? We’ll leave when we buy the dress.” Bonnie patted Avril’s hand and smiled, trying to soothe her. 
Avril gawked at her. 
Bonnie turned to the store manager and said, “She said her family’s a business partner with Tang Fusion Studios, right? Well, I know a guy, too. Just give me a minute to make a call.” 
“You know a guy? Hahaha!” Brittany held her belly and laughed heartily. “Who do you know, Bonnie? Are you telling me that you know the higher–ups? Your reputation precedes you. Indeed, you’re such a pathological liar!” 
Bonnie ignored Brittany’s ridicule and called Hamish. 
“You only ever call when you need something, Ms. Bonnie. So, what do you need this time?” Hamish had grown accustomed to Bonnie being the titular chairman. However, she did not even care about any of the company’s affairs. 
It was so bad that Hamish wondered if it was a good thing for Bonnie to trust him so much with the company. He could steal the company from her for all she knew. 
“I’m in the Bohemian Boutique at the pedestrian zone. Here’s the thing…” Bonnie proceeded to tell him the whole story. 
“All right. Give me a minute while I call the store manager.” 
Brittany looked at Bonnie scornfully. “Did you manage to call your guy? I don’t have time for this. I’ll be generous and give you one more minute. If your guy doesn’t-” 
Suddenly, the store manager received a call from the regional manager. 
“Mr. Hamish is calling.” 
‘Say what?!‘ 
The store manager’s jaw dropped. 
‘I’m merely a store manager among the countless boutiques. At most, I get to talk to the regional 
manager. Is this really happening?‘ 
She was surprised and concerned. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 120
Chapter 120 
The store manager’s heart pounded with anticipation and fear when Hamish called. He asked, “Do you have a customer named Bonnie there?” 
The store manager glanced at Bonnie and recalled Brittany addressing her as Bonnie. The manager replied, “Yes, sir. She’s here.” 
“Let’s cut to the chase. She can take any dress she likes from the boutique and doesn’t have to pay a cent. Don’t worry about it. Whatever she takes will go to your commission.” 
The manager was shocked. She hung up the phone and stiffly turned to Bonnie. “I–I’ll pack this dress for you right away, Ms. Bonnie.” 
‘What on earth just happened?‘ 
The same question crossed Brittany’s and Avril’s minds. 
“Sure. Thank you.” Bonnie gave the store manager the dress and told Avril, “Let’s keep looking.” 
Avril could not find her voice until after a good while. “Wh–what just happened, Bonnie?” 
Bonnie responded smilingly, “Didn’t I just tell you that I know a guy?” 
Avril’s eyes widened. 
‘Who in the world is the guy she knows? How does Bonnie know someone who’s even more powerful than the Dyngards, who are supposedly business partners to Tang Fusion Studios?‘ 
Brittany was furious when she saw the manager packing the dress. “Hey! Who said you could pack that for her? My family is the business partner of your headquarters! I want the dress. You have to sell 
it to me!” 
The manager smiled politely and said, “I’m sorry, Ms. Brittany. I can’t sell it to you.” 
Avril did not know what was happening, but she loved seeing Brittany getting humiliated. “Come on, Brittany, stop making a scene. You look uncivilized when you shout in public. They’re not selling you the dress, and that’s that. Are you seriously begging them to sell it to you?” 
She deliberately spoke louder to draw other people’s attention to Brittany. It was high time that b*** had a taste of her own medicine. After all, Brittany had also raised her voice to insult and humiliate 
Bonnie earlier. 
Brittany trembled with rage when the manager finished packing the dress and handed it to Bonnie, saying, “Your dress, Ms. Bonnie.” 
Brittany stared at the bag and realized the manager purposefully gave the dress to Bonnie in front of her. Gripped with rage, Brittany swiped the dress away. 
“You can’t do that, Ms. Brittany.” 
Chapter 120. 
Realizing that the manager was about to take the dress away, Brittany slapped her. “You’re a nobody, b***. How dare you taunt me? Know your place!” 
The manager palmed her cheek as her eyes reddened, looking pitiful and miserable. 
“Damn you, Brittany! How dare you slap my employee!” Bonnie’s temper flared as she strode forward and slapped Brittany. She struck Brittany so hard that she spun before slumping onto the 
floor. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 121
Chapter 121 
1/2 
Brittany sat on the ground and covered her swollen cheek, staring at Bonnie incredulously, “D–Did you just hit me? How dare you! Not even my parents had ever hit me.” 
Bonnie scoffed and said, “That’s why you act so snobbish. You might’ve been born into a wealthy family, but that doesn’t mean you can treat others so poorly.” 
Brittany retorted, “Not only did you insult me, but you also badmouthed my parents! Who do you think you are, you smart–mouthed b***?!” 
Brittany was about to lose her mind as she scrambled to her feet and lunged at Bonnie. However, Avril exclaimed, “Bonnie, watch out!” 
Bonnie’s eyes were cold as she swerved out of the way and punched Brittany’s chest. As the latter wore high heels, the punch pushed her backward and caused her to stagger before losing her footing and falling on her a***. 
Rip! 
Brittany’s skirt tore from the bottom to the top. 
“Ahh! No!” She tried to cover herself with her purse. 
“You had it coming.” Avril had no sympathy for people like Brittany. Then, the former realized something and said, “Was that a kickboxing move, Bonnie? What a surprise! You’re excellent at it, 
too.” 
She knew Bonnie got to know Orson because Kay wanted to learn kickboxing from her. However, everyone thought Bonnie only knew run–of–the–mill moves and managed to fool Kay. That was why nobody thought anything of it. 
Looking back, everyone had underestimated Bonnie. 
“You b***! Things won’t end well for you. Now, I know who you were talking about when you said you know a guy. It’s the same person who picked you up last night, isn’t it? Shame on you for becoming a homewrecker!” Brittany’s words were awful. 
Avril did not even consider it until Brittany brought it up. The former believed Bonnie would never have done something like that. Avril said, “You don’t have any evidence, Brittany. So, stop accusing Bonnie of being a homewrecker. Your mom’s the only homewrecker here!” 
“What did you just say?!” 
“Do you think denying it will help? Everybody knows your mom was the homewrecker who wormed her way to marrying your dad. She did it by kicking your dad’s ex–wife out of the house. Good on you for sitting in your high horse!” 
“That’s a load of crap! My mom was the woman my dad fell in love with! They’ve been friends since childhood. That b*** was the one who stole my dad away from my mom. That makes Bonnie the 
Chapter 121 
homewrecker! If that isn’t true, why did her parents disown her? 
2/2 
“They did it because they feared she’d do something so shameful that’d bring the whole family down 
with her!” 
Bonnie had had enough of Brittany and texted Hamish. A minute later, a group of security guards entered the boutique. Brittany pointed at Bonnie and roared, “There’s the troublemaker who hit me! Hurry up and kick her out of here!” 
Avril grew worried when she saw the security guards. She was about to explain the situation when she saw them carrying Brittany by her armpits and taking her away. 
“L–Let me go, damn it! I’m a member of the Dyngard family. We’re the business partners with Tang Fusion Studios. Let me go, or I’ll make all of you regret this. Bonnie, you b***! I’ll have my revenge someday! 
“I’ll make you regret crossing me. You’ll kneel before me and beg for mercy! You’re not off the hook either, store manager. I’ll report you to my dad when I get back home. He’ll report you to the headquarters, and you’ll suffer the consequences of your actions!” 
Avril shook her head helplessly. “Impressive. She never stopped running her mouth even while the guards removed her from the boutique. She’s only embarrassing herself. Do you want to follow them and see how the guards deal with her, Bonnie?” 
“You can go ahead. I don’t like attention.” Bonnie responded lightly. 
“Okay, I’ll be back before you know it. Stay put.” 
When Avril left, Bonnie texted Hamish again. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 122
Chapter 122 
1/2 
“The Dyngards are hurting my company’s reputation. Call off the collaboration with them. I no longer want them as our business partners.” After sending the text, Bonnie looked at the pale store manager and asked, “Are you okay?” 
“I–I’m okay.” Although she said so, she looked a little miserable. The manager also came from the countryside. Still, she had to protect her dignity. She had been nothing but diligent, committed, and professional in her job. Even so, she got slapped over nothing. 
“Let me see that. You’re pretty hurt. You’re not fine at all,” Frowning, Bonnie said, “I’ll have someone send you to the clinic. The company will cover all the medical expenses. Also, you did an excellent job today. I’ll put in a word with Hamish and tell him to give you a promotion.” 
The manager forgot all about the pain and stared at Bonnie, dumbfounded. At that moment, Avril returned with her phone in her hand. 
“Tsk tsk tsk… You missed out on the whole thing, Bonnie. Brittany looked so pathetic that I felt sorry for her. The security guards tossed her out of the premises, and she fell in the most embarrassing way 
possible. 
“Hahaha! Frankly speaking, she brought it on herself. Also, she’s my bitter rival. She had always 
acted like a snob because her company’s net worth was higher than my family’s. I can’t believe they’re business partners with Tang Fusion Studios. The universe ought to be more fair!” 
“They won’t be Tang Fusion Studios’s business partners anymore,” Bonnie responded lightly. 
“Huh? I beg your pardon.” Avril was stunned. She wondered why Bonnie would say something like 
that. 
“Never mind. Come on, let’s continue shopping.” Bonnie had no intention of explaining herself. 
“You betcha. I’m so happy today that I’m going to shop until I drop. Um, it’s just that I was supposed to buy you a dress, but you bought me one instead. Oh, that reminds me. How much did that blue and purple dress cost? I’ll transfer the money to you.‘ 
“I don’t have to pay for it,” Bonnie said casually. 
Avril responded, “I’m serious, Bonnie. We’re talking about a dress from Bohemian Boutique. Am I supposed to think they gave it to you for free? You’re not the owner of Tang Fusion Studios, after all. Just tell me how much it is, and I’ll pay you back.” 
The duo strolled away from the boutique as they chatted. Meanwhile, The manager was still staring at both of them, dumbfounded. She did not look away until they disappeared from her sight. 
Then, the sales assistant came over, looking as shaken as she was. “Wh–what in the world just happened? Who is that Bonnie person?” 
The manager fell into deep thought with her mouth slightly agape. 
Chapter 122 
20 
‘Who on earth is she?‘ 
Her eyes continued to widen as she pondered on it. A minute later, she raised her head and looked at the name of the boutique plastered over the door. 
“That customer’s name was Bonnie… Our store’s called Bohemian Boutique…” The manager gasped. 
“Gosh!” 
‘Could it be?!‘ 
Brittany got home and started smashing things. “Damn that b***! Ugh! I’ve never been this humiliated!” 
Her mother, Nia Dyngard, came over and asked, “What’s the matter? Why are you so riled up?” 
Seeing that her parents were home, Brittany started sobbing pitifully. “You have to stand up for me! Someone treated me very harshly today!” 
Nia’s expression grew grim when she heard what her daughter said. 
“Who would dare pick on my daughter?! They must have a death wish! Who was mean to you, Britt? I’ll teach them a lesson for you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 123
Chapter 123 
“It’s Bonnie!” Brittany gritted her teeth and roared. 
“Bonnie Shepard? The one who got disowned by her family?” Nia was genuinely surprised. 
“Yeah, she’s the one! I was shopping in the mall earlier and…” Brittany proceeded to recount everything to her mother. 
Nia was furious by the end of it. “Damn that b***! It isn’t enough that she tormented the entire Shepard family. Now, she has her eyes on you. She’s just a lowly and worthless country bumpkin. How dare she pick on you!” 
Brittany’s father, Dermot Dyngard, exhaled a puff of smoke and said, “Let’s not be hasty. So, what you’re saying is Bonnie tried to steal a dress from you at Bohemian Boutique?” 
Brittany added, “She’s such a shameless b***! I’m sure you remember the Bentleys that night, Dad. I’m certain she has a sugar daddy. That explains how someone like her can afford a dress from Bohemian Boutique.” 
Nia said, “That punk deserves to be disowned by her own family. I agree with their decision.” 
“You have to avenge me, Mom!” 
Nia frowned and asked, “Sure, but where am I supposed to find her now?” 
Brittany answered, “Let’s start with the Shepards‘ villa. They might’ve disowned her, but she used to be one of them. For all we know, Bonnie could have returned to them.” 
“You’re right. We’re going to the Shepards‘ villa to demand an explanation from them.” 
Soon after, they marched into the villa together. Vera smiled and welcomed them charmingly, “To what do I owe the pleasure, Mr. Dermot and Ms. Nia?” 
Dermot and Demetria were cousins. Both the Dyngards and the Rhodes were far more powerful and 
influential than the Shepards. Naturally, Vera had to keep them happy. 
“We’re here for Bonnie!” Nia said, exasperated. 
Vera was stunned, and then her expression grew grim. “What did she do now? Did she offend you?” 
“Good on you for knowing the kind of character your daughter has. She was mean to Brittany and 
humiliated her!” 
Vera grew more grim when she heard that. “As you know, Bonnie is no longer one of us, 
Ms. Nia.” 
“Are you sure about that? Do I have your word that you’d never welcome her back?” 
“Not a chance.” Vera guaranteed. 
“What makes you think I have to believe you?” Nia did not believe a word she said. “Bonnie might have trouble surviving alone in the real world and come crawling back to beg for forgiveness 
Chantel 123 
someday. I don’t see how you, her birth mother, would remain unfazed by it.” 
Vera looked at Gresham, who sighed and said, “Give me a minute, Ms. Nia.” 
He then instructed his assistant to make another announcement on Twitter. 
212 
“The Shepards won’t tolerate a troublemaker like Bonnie. If she comes crawling back to us and begs for forgiveness, we will never forgive her or take her back. You might accuse us of being heartless, but you should know that she brought it on herself. 
“Should she get into any messes or offend anyone in the future, we will not intervene. We, the Shepards, have nothing to do with her.” 
Nia read the tweet and clicked her tongue. “What a heartless tweet! With that said, I fully support you. It’s the right thing to do. Since we got what we came for, rest assured we won’t be picking any bones with you.” 
After resolving the conflict, the Dyngards and Shepards became friends again. 
Gresham addressed Nia and her family, “Please, have a seat in the dining room, Mr. Dermot. Ms. Nia, let’s have dinner together. That reminds me. You secured a collaboration with Tang Fusion Studios, correct?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 124
Chapter 124 
1/2 
“Yeah, we finalized everything last month. We also signed the contract not long ago. It seems you’ve been keeping tabs on things,” Dermot knew Gresham was trying to butter him up, but he welcomed it 
nonetheless. 
“Excellent! You’re such a class act, Mr. Dermot! I can’t believe you locked in a collaboration with Tang Fusion Studios. I’m highly impressed!” Gresham took a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. 
“It’s nothing remarkable. Perhaps Tang Fusion Studios liked our proposal. We put a lot of work into 
it, after all.” 
“That’s humble of you, Mr. Dermot. Tang Fusion Studios is one of the most prominent group companies in Pyralis. It’ll take more than a sound proposal to get their approval. I’ll bet it’s because of you and your reputable company.” 
Gresham was about to continue praising Dermot when the latter’s phone rang. “It’s a call from my 
assistant. Please excuse me.” 
“Sure, go ahead. I’ll tell my chef to prepare more dishes for dinner.” Grasham turned and made his way to the kitchen. However, he had not even taken two steps when he heard Dermot’s agitated voice. 
こ 
“Run that by me again! Why would Tang Fusion change their minds about our collaboration?” 
Gresham stopped and turned to look at Dermot. Even Nia and Brittany looked at him. Dermot 
reddened with anger as he asked, “Why would they claim we offended someone important? When did we do that? Did you ask for the details?” 
His assistant replied, “I don’t know the specifics, Mr. Dermot. The project manager called me a minute ago and accused us of not respecting them. He also said they’d never work with us.” 
Dermot began to panic and was about to lose it. 
Gresham gulped and asked softly, “What happened, Mr. Dermot?” 
‘How am I supposed to f*** know?!‘ Dermot almost lost his cool and roared at Gresham. 
A moment later, Dermot glared at his daughter so fiercely that she felt goosebumps all over her body, asking, “Wh–why are you looking at me like that, Dad?” 
“Did you offend anyone today?” Besides his daughter, who had a knack for picking fights, Dermot could not understand why Tang Fusion Studios would cancel their collaboration with his company. 
“I–I didn’t offend anyone! All I did was have a little spat with Bonnie.” 
“Bonnie?” Dermot frowned. 
“It can’t be her!” Brittney was able to guess some of her dad’s thoughts based on his earlier phone conversation. “I mean it. I didn’t offend any important figure. As for Bonnie, she’s just a bumpkin. Do you honestly think she’s some kind of big shot?” 
Chapter 124 
2/2 
‘Bonnie? A big shot? It won’t take a genius to figure out the answer as a resounding no.‘ 
“Wait a minute. Could it be Bonnie’s sugar daddy?” Brittany had an epiphany. When she said it out loud, everyone in the dining hall was flabbergasted. 
Dermot turned to look at Gresham and asked, “Does anyone know who Bonnie’s sugar daddy is?” 
Gresham paled, saying, “Um, we’re not sure, but do you think Bonnie’s behind this? It’s Tang Fusion Studios we’re talking about here. I don’t think they would give up on collaboration because Bonnie asked them to.” 
Dermot replied, “Regardless, she’s the prime suspect here. Also, she was mean to my daughter, and I won’t let that slide. Do you have her phone number? I want to talk to her in person.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 125
Chapter 125 
“Well, I do, but…” 
“But what? Are you still trying to protect her?” 
“Why would I? There’s no way I’d protect that deceitful punk. Fine, I don’t care anymore! You can have her phone number.” Gresham took his phone and gave Bonnie’s number to Dermot. 
Dermot made the phone call immediately after. 
While Bonnie continued to shop with Avril, she got a phone call from an unknown number. “Hello? Who’s this?” 
“Bonnie, I presume.” 
“Yeah, that’s me. Can I help you with anything?” 
“I’m Brittany’s father.” 
“Did you call to pick a bone with me? Is this about Brittany?” 
“Yeah, we’ll get back to that. Tang Fusion Studios called off collaboration with my company so suddenly. Do you have something to do with it?” 
Bonnie raised her brow with a hint of mockery as she admitted, “Yeah, that was me.” 
Dermot never expected her to admit it outright. He began to doubt her a little. 
‘Did Bonnie really do it, or is she pretending to have done it to intimidate me? That way, I won’t dare to speak up for my daughter.‘ 
“You did it? How do you have that kind of power to pull it off? The collaboration is a multi–million – dollar project. My company made an intricate proposal to secure it. What makes you think I’ll believe you?” 
Bonnie chuckled and said, “What makes you think I’ll tell you where I get my power from?” 
“Why, you little-” Dermot turned red with rage. “I’ll repeat my question. Did you, or did you not have something to do with it?” 
“Not at all.” Bonnie played him like a fiddle. 
Dermot was at a loss for words for seconds before he stammered, “Y–You goddamn-” 
“What’s wrong? Are you going to ask me the same question again? Then, yeah, I did it.” Bonnie 
smirked. 
“You’re f*** toying with me!” Dermot felt like he could just explode. 
Meanwhile, Gresham and Vera exchanged glances when they saw how worked up Dermot was. That was why they hesitated to give Bonnie’s number to him. They feared she would drive him up the wall. 
Chapter 125 
As expected, that was what happened. 
212 
“That’s just fine! This conversation isn’t going anywhere. Still, you picked on my sweet girl. What are you going to do about it?” 
“Let it scab.” 
“Listen here, you little shit- 
” 
Beep! 
Bonnie hung up before he could finish. 
“Son of a b***!” Dermot smashed his phone, causing an awkward pin–drop silence to fall over the dining room. 
Realizing that things had taken a bitter turn, Gresham hastily said, “That’s how she is, arrogant and unruly. It’s not just you, Mr. Dermot. Vera and I used to take her crap the whole time.” 
He said this to emphasize the fact that they were not on Bonnie’s side. Instead, they agreed with Dermot and assured him that they had to suffer Bonnie’s insufferable behavior. 
Initially, Dermot was about to let Gresham and his wife have it. However, the former decided otherwise after hearing what Gresham said. On the contrary, Dermot began to pity Gresham. “What a rotten luck to have a daughter such as her.” 
“When you think about it, we’re quite fortunate. The universe gave us Trina. That girl makes us proud,” Gresham said gratefully. 
“Hmph! I can’t believe Daken looked the other way when his daughter befriended Bonnie. He’ll feel my wrath soon enough. I’ll make sure he regrets it!” Dermot grunted. 
Meanwhile, Avril looked at Bonnie with concern. “Are the Dyngards giving you trouble?” 
“It’s just a minor hurdle. Don’t worry about it,” Bonnie reassured her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 126
Chapter 126 
“Ah, it’s a pity that the Smiths aren’t as good as the Dyngards. Otherwise, we can compete with 
them.” 
Bonnie silently contemplated, ‘Being inferior now doesn’t mean it’ll be the same in the future. Still, it’ll take a while to surpass them.‘ 
Bonnie returned to the Knights‘ residence at night after a day of shopping. Ivor’s tense and stern expression relaxed upon seeing her. He was genuinely afraid she would not come back. “Are you hungry? I’ll tell the kitchen staff to prepare a meal.” 
“No rush. I need to use the restroom first.” Bonnie casually placed her phone on the coffee table and 
entered the bathroom. 
Immediately after, Ged appeared energetically. “Mr. Ivor, have you heard? The project on Lenfield Villa has just been finalized. The side whose racer wins the drift challenge will take ownership of the project.” 
“I received the news not long ago,” replied the nonchalant Ivor. 
“So, who are you sending to participate?” Ged asked curiously. 
Ivor frowned. “If only we could find Windbreaker.” 
“You mean the legendary car god?” 
“If we can get her to participate, we’ll have a ninety–nine percent chance of winning.” 
“Absolutely! My idol will guarantee victory!” Ged exclaimed excitedly, “Oh, I also heard that your family’s archenemy has found the Vulture. He’s a formidable opponent, too. 
“Lately, he’s become the widely known racing king. He even claimed to make Windbreaker admit defeat,” Ged became increasingly frustrated as he spoke, “Vulture’s nothing special since he’s a 
newcomer. 
“He’s just undefeated in racing so far. It’s because my idol, Windbreaker, has been out of the scene for a few years. If she were around, he’d shut up!” 
“All right, no need to get worked up. Besides, Windbreaker has been silent for two years. It’s probably hard to find her,” Ivor sighed in disappointment. 
Ged also sighed, saying, “I’m upset. I’ll play a couple of rounds of Wildrift to soothe my angry heart. I wonder if Ms. Bonita has time to team up. I’ll send her a message and ask if she’s free.” 
Ding! 
Bonnie’s phone played a notification sound as it lay on the coffee table. Ged paused and looked at it, asking without much thought, “Why is Bonnie’s phone here?” 
“She’s in the restroom.” Ivor raised his chin toward the bathroom. 
2 
1/2 
Chapter 126 
2/2 
“Oh. Hmm, I wonder why Ms. Bonita isn’t replying to my message.” Ged sent another message to ask Bonita if she was free to play with him. 
Ding! 
Bonnie’s phone rang again. 
“Huh?” Ged was puzzled as he stared at Bonnie’s phone. From his angle, he could only see the screen light up but not the content. 
Ivor also noticed something was amiss, wondering if it was just a coincidence. 
Ged dared not overthink it and chuckled. “Mr. Ivor, who do you think is messaging Bonnie? Could it be your love rival?” 
Ivor noticed Ged teasing him. The latter suggested, “Why don’t we take a look?” 
Ivor squinted at Bonnie’s phone. 
“Don’t just sit around. What if it’s really your love rival? Besides, Bonnie’s still in the bathroom. You can take a peek without getting caught.” Ged’s words tempted Ivor 
After glancing at the bathroom again, Ivor reached for the phone. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 127
Chapter 127 
When the phone suddenly rang, Ivor instinctively retracted his hand, looking somewhat pale. Ged burst into laughter but quickly covered his mouth when he saw Ivor’s icy glare. 
‘I can’t blame Ged for laughing.‘ 
The usually calm Ivor felt an unexpected guilt due to a phone call. Soon after, Bonnie came out of the bathroom and asked, “Was my phone ringing?” 
“Yeah.” Ivor feigned ignorance and leaned into the sofa while stealing glances at Bonnie. 
The latter picked up her phone and subconsciously looked at the duo when she saw the caller ID. “You two didn’t peek at my phone just now, did you?” 
Ivor frowned, displeased. “Why, is there something you’re hiding, or did someone special call you?” 
Initially, Ivor took Ged’s words with a grain of salt. However, he could not help but feel suspicious after seeing Bonnie’s reaction. She looked at him strangely, wondering why he would say such a thing. 
Nonetheless, she ignored him and took her phone upstairs. She saw that Hamish had called her. Judging by Ivor’s expression, he probably did not see it. 
“Hello, why’d you call so suddenly?” 
“Why would you ask me that? Tang Fusion Studios is your company, not mine. Besides, if you can call 
I can call you, too.” Hamish was puzzled. 
me, 
“So, what’s up?” 
Hamish sighed. “All right, let’s get to the point. Do you know about Lenfield Villa?” 
“Yeah, what about it?” 
“All of Pyralis‘ big shots are vying for its development rights. Whoever secures it will make a fortune. Ultimately, they agreed on a drag race competition. Whoever’s representative wins will get the Lenfield Villa’s development rights.” 
Bonnie nodded and said, “Then, let’s find someone skilled enough to represent our company in the 
race.” 
“It’s not that simple.” Hamish frowned. “I don’t know if you’ve heard of Vulture, but he has gained a reputation in the racing world recently.” 
“I haven’t paid attention to the racing world in the last couple of years.” 
“You’re right. You probably don’t care, but Vulture is formidable and pretty ruthless. I heard those who race against him typically end up crashing. Sheffyn Entertainment recruited this tough guy, which caused headaches for various parties. 
“I called you to ask if you know a skilled racer to recruit for our company. After all, you have a wide 
Chapter 127 
network of connections.” 
Bonnie rubbed her chin and considered it before asking, “Is Vulture as formidable as you say?” 
“Give me a moment. I’ll send you a video of Vulture racing. You’ll know what I mean once you’ve 
watched it.” 
“Okay.” A few minutes later, Bonnie finished watching the short video Hamish sent. She turned solemn, muttering, “Yeah, he’s a formidable drive, alright. Ordinary people are no match for him.” 
“Yeah! I think someone like Windbreaker is the only one who can beat him. Still, can we even find her? 
Hamish sighed. 
Bonnie smiled. “Windbreaker? I know her.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 128
Chapter 128 
Hamish was stunned. “Do you seriously know her? Don’t tease me!” 
“Not only do I know her, but we’re also pretty close,” Bonnie replied smilingly. Her confident tone assured Hamish that she was not joking. 
“That’s impressive, Ms. Bonnie! Everyone’s searching for Windbreaker. I didn’t expect you to know her. Oh, even though you’re familiar with her, she supposedly retired two years ago. What if you can’t persuade Windbreaker to come?” 
“Don’t worry. She’ll come.‘ 
11 
Hamish still felt a little uneasy. “How sure are you, Ms. Bonnie? If you aren’t, I’ll need to prepare a few backup options. It’d be embarrassing if we don’t have a representative for the race.” 
“You can relax. Windbreaker will one hundred percent show up.” Bonnie sounded confident. 
“All right, I’ll stop worrying then.” Hamish then changed the subject, “Also, I’ve canceled our collaboration with the Dyngards. Since that’s the case, we need to find another company to partner with. Do you have any suitable candidates?” 
The first person Bonnie thought of was Avril. Although Bonnie could have given the project to the Smiths directly, she was concerned about their capabilities. 
After some thought, Bonnie said, “You can invite tenders and give favorable treatment to the Smiths. Choose them if their proposal is acceptable and won’t cause losses to our company.” 
“Right away, Ms. Bonnie.” 
Afterward, Bonnie called Avril, saying, “Visit Tang Fusion Studios with your dad tomorrow and participate in the bidding.” 
Avril was puzzled, wondering what was happening. Before she could ask about it, she heard her father and his assistant discussing project matters as they entered the house. 
“I didn’t expect the collaboration between Tang Fusion Studios and the Dyngards to fall through when they seemed so certain.” 
Avril blinked and paused for a moment before regaining her composure. She said, “Um, Bonnie, are you talking about the project the Dyngards and Tang Fusion Studios were supposed to collaborate 
on?” 
Bonnie replied, “Yeah, that project. You should tell your dad to devise a proposal and apply for it. If the proposal isn’t rubbish, Tang Fusion Studios will collaborate with him.” 
Immediately after, she heard a knock on the door and asked, “Who is it?” 
“It’s me.” Ivor’s low and attractive voice echoed. 
Bonnie spoke into the phone, “I still have something to attend to. Let’s talk later. I’ll hang up now. 
Chapter 128 
What’s wrong, Ivor?” 
“There was a sudden thunderstorm just now, and Tracey had an accident on the way here. Since there’s no one available to cook right now, I came to ask what you wanted. I’ll cook for you today.” 
“You can cook?” Bonnie was surprised. 
Although Ivor had references, he did not feel the need to bring it up. “I can make lots of dishes. Anything you want.” 
Bonnie scrutinized Ivor skeptically. 
“So, what would you like?” Ivor felt a little uneasy under her gaze, but he remained calm on the 
surface. 
2/2 
After some thought, Bonnie revealed a mischievous smile and said, “I want clam chowder, lasagna, barbeque ribs, pot roast, and cobb salad. That should be all. You probably can’t make them anyway.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 129
Chapter 129 
Ivor’s heart sank when he heard Bonnie’s outrageous requests. On the other hand, the latter chuckled 
inwardly. 
Ged, who had followed Ivor, slapped the staircase railing and laughed heartily, saying, “Damn, that’s 
hilarious!” 
Bonnie suppressed her laughter and said, “How about something simpler, like chicken noodle soup?” 
Ivor sighed in relief. He would rather be in an intense corporate meeting than cook the dishes Bonnie mentioned earlier. After all, he had barely cooked before. 
“All right, wait a moment. I’ll be quick.” Ivor turned to Ged and said, “There won’t be noodles for you. 
11 
“Hey, 
I wasn’t laughing at you just now! I was laughing at myself.” 
Avril looked absent–minded after her call with Bonnie. The former had something to say but ended up swallowing her words. Daken noticed his daughter’s absent–mindedness and asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen?” 
“Ahem! Dad, did Tang Fusion Studios cancel its collaboration with the Dyngards?” 
“I just got the news. Everyone suspects the Dyngards had probably offended someone they shouldn’t have.” Daken lit a cigarette as he spoke. 
Avril recalled Bonnie saying something about the Dyngards no longer being business partners with Tang Fusion Studios yesterday. Bonnie’s words echoed non–stop in Avril’s mind, and she wondered if it was just a coincidence or if Bonnie was psychic. 
“Avril? Hey, what’s wrong with you?” Daken’s voice brought Avril out of her thoughts. 
“Um, Bonnie just called and said we should participate in Tang Fusion Studios’s project bidding 
tomorrow.” 
“What’s that?” Daken was stunned. 
“She also said our company should devise a proposal and that Tang Fusion will prioritize cooperating with us if the proposal is decent.” Avril continued, her heart filled with unease. 
Daken held his cigarette blankly for a moment. A moment later, he frowned and asked, “Is that a joke or something?” 
“I don’t think Bonnie jokes around like that, Dad.” Avril’s words caused Daken to fall into deep thought again. She added, “Dad, there’s another thing. Bonnie and I ran into Brittany at the mall today.” 
“So, you and Brittany had a conflict, and the Dyngards‘ collaboration got canceled?” Daken was 
Chapter 129 
shocked. 
Avril gulped and asked, “Do you think it could be a coincidence?” 
272 
“Not necessarily.” Daken pursed his lips and squinted. “Do you remember Bonnie picking you up in a Maybach yesterday?” 
“I remember, 80- “Avril’s eyes widened. “Bonnie contacted someone in the store. It was most likely a higher–up of Tang Fusion, or maybe even the CEO!” 
“That’s highly likely. Don’t spread this information for now. After all, that’s just our speculation. Even if it’s true, don’t discuss it with anyone. It’s Bonnie’s private matter. If she doesn’t want to disclose it, you shouldn’t either.” 
“I understand, Dad. It’s just It can’t be Mr. Hamish of Tang Fusion Studios, right? He’s quite handsome and is also the chief designer. He’s skillful, but he’s already thirty–five.” 
“What’s wrong with being thirty–five? Men age like fine wine, especially in their thirties. They’re at the peak of their charm by that age.” Daken disagreed with Avril’s viewpoint. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 130
Chapter 130 
“You are right. Thirty–five isn’t old, but the problem is Bonnie is only twenty. Mr.Hamish is fifteen years older than Bonnie.” Ariel expressed her disbelief. “Bonnie is at a disadvantage.” 
“What disadvantage? Mr. Hamish is a business genius designer. Besides, he’s not married. Let’s not talk about such things. Things may not be as we imagine.” Draken rubbed his forehead. 
“Yeah, you’re right. Hey, if I ask Bonnie how she knows so much, do you think she’ll tell me?” 
“Why don’t you give it a try?” 
“Never mind.” Ariel waved. “I’ve only known her for a day or two. Still, I want to become good friends with her. Considering the short time we’ve known each other, it’d be awkward if I were so direct with her. I’ll wait until we’re more familiar with each other. Maybe she’ll tell me when she’s ready.” 
Draken was satisfied with his daughter’s considerations. “Well, you’ve thought it through. Go to Tang Fusion Studios with me tomorrow. You might run into Bonnie.” 
“Okay, Dad.” 
Bonnie sat on the sofa in the Knights‘ residence while waiting for dinner. Suddenly, she smelled something burning. At that moment, Ged put down his phone and looked at her. “Hey, Bonnie, do you smell something?” 
Bonnie looked toward the kitchen and saw thick smoke coming from it. Immediately after, Ged bolted upright and ran toward the kitchen. “Oh shit! Fire!” 
When Bonnie arrived at the kitchen door, she saw Ivor using a fire extinguisher to put out the fire. They exchanged awkward glances and then cleaned up the kitchen. 
“Let me handle it.” Bonnie rolled up her sleeves and opened the refrigerator. She saw plenty of ingredients inside and realized nothing was missing or out of place. 
“Can you cook?” Ivor was surprised this time. 
“There’s no surprises there. I’m a country girl born and raised, after all. Being able to cook is an expectation, don’t you think?” 
Ivor frowned. “Sorry, I didn’t mean that.” 
Bonnie stopped and looked at Ivor. “You’re overthinking it. I’m just stating a fact.” 
Ged sighed in relief. “Finally, we can have a normal meal tonight.” 
Immediately after, he received Ivor’s deadly glare, and the former silently left the kitchen. 
“Those eyes are frightening. I was just speaking the truth. My standards for food aren’t high anyway. I don’t have to eat a chef’s cooking. I just want something edible. With that raging storm outside, it’d 
Chapter 130 
be inconvenient for us to go out for a meal.‘ 
2/2 
Bonnie finished cooking various dishes an hour later. The food looked appealing to the eyes and taste buds as she arranged them on the table. Ged pointed at the carved patterns on the plate in surprise and exclaimed, “Wow, that’s unexpected! I didn’t know you could carve, too.” 
He thought Bonnie could only make simple country–style dishes, but the results were pretty sophisticated. 
Ivor was just as surprised. The color combinations and presentation of these dishes were meticulous, unlike everyday home–cooked dishes. 
“Mr. Ivor, don’t just stand there. Grab your spoon and try some! Let’s eat together.” Ged picked up a piece of chicken and bit into it. 
Ivor, on the other hand, took a piece of pork. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 131
Chapter 131 
1/2 
Ivor became wide–eyed when he ate the pork, and the fragrant aftertaste lingered. He turned to look at Ged and saw him looking back with enjoyment and surprise, Ged gave a thumbs up and said, “This dish tastes just as good as the ones made by the chef at Jade Horizon Hotel!” 
Bonnie raised her brows at that statement. After all, she was that chef’s apprentice. 
“Yeah, it’s delicious! I think it even surpasses the chef a little,” Ivor praised enthusiastically. He also felt a sense of joy as he discovered something new about Bonnie. 
However, she urged, “Enough with the compliments. We’ve been starving, right? Let’s eat up.” 
She had a habit of maintaining a healthy diet and usually did not eat much at night. Even so, Ivor served her a full plate that she could not finish. 
He looked at her plate and asked, “What’s wrong? Are you full?” 
“Yeah, you put too much on my plate.” 
“Then I’ll eat it. I’m still hungry,” Ivor said as he reached out. 
Bonnie looked at him in surprise while Ged secretly glanced at them. 
Since Bonnie did not reject, Ivor took her plate. However, the former asked, “But those are my leftovers. Aren’t you bothered by it?” 
“It’s okay. I’m not particular about stuff like that.” 
Bonnie looked at his utensils and thought, ‘We’ve been living together for over a month, and he only uses his set of utensils during every meal. Now, he’s saying he’s not particular about sharing leftovers. Forget it. Whatever he likes is none of my business.‘ 
Suddenly, Ivor’s spoon fell to the ground. “Damn it. My spoon’s all dirty now. It’s okay, I’ll just use yours.” 
He took Bonnie’s spoon and ate with it. Initially, Bonnie did not overthink Ivor eating her leftovers. However, she felt it was inexplicable that he savored the food he ate with her spoon. 
Meanwhile, Ged felt a little overwhelmed as he enjoyed his meal. 
‘It’s just dinner. There’s no need for all this.‘ 
Ged glanced at Ivor resentfully, hoping the latter would restrain himself. However, Ivor did not even look at Ged and continued to enjoy his meal with Bonnie. 
‘I wish I hadn’t seen that look on Ivor’s face.‘ 
The following day, Bonnie had breakfast and quickly left for Tang Fusion Studios. She had rarely attended board meetings. Even if she did, she would leave as soon as one ended. 
Chapter 131 
212 
Hamish looked at her with a bitter smile and said, “Ms. Bonnie, you rarely come to these things. There’s still a lot more here that requires your attention. Can’t you handle some of them before leaving?” 
“I believe in your capabilities, Hamish. You can do it. Keep up the hard work,” Bonnie said blankly. 
Hamish was dumbfounded, thinking Bonnie was shameless for preaching such things without any practical effort. 
“But- 
Before he could finish, Bonnie pushed him aside and whispered, “The Smiths are here.” Hamish could only cooperate and hide to the side. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 132
Chapter 132
Avril jonged over. “Bonnie, my dad said you might be here. I didn’t actually expect to see you, though.. 
Bonnie glanced at Daken and nodded casually. The latter nodded back with a smile. 
“Ahem,” Avrit cleared her throat and suppressed her urges to ask Bonnie if she was Hamish’s 
girlfriend. “Bonnie, look at the proposal my dad’s company prepared.” 
Bonnie looked at the slightly guilty Avrill and smiled. The former took the proposal and read through 
it, saying, “Not bad, but a little refinement right there would be ideal.” 
Both Avril and Daken stared at the spot Bonnie pointed out. “How should we refine it?” 
“Do you have a pen?” 
“Yes, of course!” 
Bonnie took the pen from Avril and quickly made the adjustments. Meanwhile, Hamish looked at the ceiling in frustration as he lurked on the sidelines. He did not see the point in asking the Smiths to prepare when Bonnie was helping them out anyway. 
‘She could’ve devised the proposal herself and pre–selected the Smiths. It would’ve been more efficient and hassle–free that way.‘ 
“All set.” Bonnie handed the revised proposal to Avril. 
“Let me see.” Daken hurriedly took it and admired it more. It seemed things between Bonnie and Hamish were not as simple as he thought. 
The proposal was a collection of their entire company’s elites. Daken considered his initial draft to be perfect, but it became flawless after Bonnie’s changes. She had perfected the proposal within only five minutes of glancing through it. 
‘Her business talent is extraordinary.‘ 
“Will this work?” Avril could not understand the changes and asked in confusion. 
The latter offered a comforting and encouraging smile, saying, “Rest assured, they’ll one hundred percent approve of this proposal. Your family will undoubtedly become partners with Tang Fusion Studios.” 
Daken and his daughter felt as if Hamish had already confirmed the collaboration with them. 
At that moment, laughter echoed, “Hahaha! Bonnie, do you think you’re the boss of Tang Fusion Studios? You don’t have the right to approve anything. Are you dreaming?” 
Hadwin and Trina appeared before Bonnie and the others. 
The latter lazily turned to the duo and asked indifferently, “What are you two doing here?” 
Chapter 132 
2/2 
Suddenly, Bonnie lit up and asked again, “Wait, you’re here for the collaboration project, aren’t you?” 
“You’re pretty clever. So, why are you here?” Hadwin asked sarcastically. 
“None of your business,” Bonnie replied indifferently, “This place doesn’t welcome you. You should leave as soon as possible.” 
Her words once again provoked Hadwin’s sarcasm. He said, “That’s amusing. I represent my family’s company and came here to discuss business. Who do you think you 
are?” 
“I said, this place doesn’t welcome you. Tang Fusion Studios won’t collaborate with the Rhodes,” Bonnie’s tone remained indifferent. 
Hadwin was speechless, and so was Trina. Suddenly, the latter figured something out and said, Bonnie, are you… Is one of the higher–ups from here supporting you or something?” 
Her speculation startled Hadwin as he stared at Bonnie, awaiting her answer. However, Bonnie frowned with a hint of impatience. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 133
Chapter 133 
Bonnie retorted, “You have no shame, Trina. Do you think everyone is like you? Not everyone has to cozy up to a man to survive. You constantly try to make me look bad and think I won’t retaliate, I’m not like you and don’t need to rely on others to support myself.” 
Avril stepped forward, arms akimbo as she said, “Donnie’s right. You and the Shepards know nothing else besides making baseless assumptions.” 
Trina’s eyes reddened. “You misunderstood me. I didn’t mean to slander my sister. I 
“Trina, stop with the sob stories. You questioned whether or not there’s a higher–up here supporting Bonnie. You set the tone the moment you entered, and now you’re trying to play the victim. 
“You must have the memory of a goldfish or think we forgot what you just said.” Avril always felt surprised whenever Trina spoke, thinking the latter was simply a bimbo. 
Hadwin retorted, “Don’t talk about my fiancee like that, Avril. You’re disrespecting my family by attacking her. Are you trying to oppose my family? You should weigh your worth before that. You’re not even a threat to us.” 
Daken’s expression turned grim. Although he disliked people speaking down on him and his family, especially from a younger person, he had to admit his family was inferior to the Rhodes. 
Hadwin sneered. “Be prepared to face the consequences if you offend my family. You stand no chance against us in this project bidding. The Smiths should consider whether or not they’re worthy of competing with us.” 
“Son of a—“Avril wanted to confront him, but Daken held her back. “Dad, don’t stop me! He’s insulting us, and I can’t stand it!” 
Daken helplessly shook his head and sighed while Bonnie grew impatient. She initially did not want to escalate the situation. When she turned to look at the lurking Hamish, he quickly understood her gaze and showed himself, 
Hadwin noticed his appearance and quickly approached, speaking flatteringly, “Hello there, Mr. Hamish! I’m Hadwin Rhodes. My family’s proposal will surely satisfy you.” 
“Really now?” Hamish replied indifferently. 
“Of course! It won’t take up much of your time. You can take a look now if you want.” Hadwin turned to Trina and added, “Trina, bring me the documents.‘ 
Trina walked over, appearing docile. However, her gaze toward Hamish revealed a hint of her inappropriate thoughts, ‘Hamish is considerably more handsome than in magazines and on television. He’s also the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios and its chief designer.‘ 
Many women dreamed of being with Hamish. Compared to him, Hadwin looked like a clown. Even so, there was nothing Trina could do with Hamish since he stood at the top of the metaphorical food chain. He was not someone a woman like Trina could aspire to be with. 
2/2 
Once Hamish finished reviewing the proposal, his expression darkened. “What is this? It’s not even a proper proposal. Why would you waste my time with this garbage?!” 
Hadwin felt so embarrassed that he wished to hide in a hole. Many representatives from other 
companies were there to compete for the project. They all watched mockingly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 134
Chapter 134 
Hadwin blushed as he asked, “I’m sorry, Mr. Hamish, can you be more specific? What’s the issue with my proposal?” 
“There’s no way you’re this clueless. I don’t need to point it out to you. I’m looking for a business partner, not a student. Your behavior is absurdly irritating,” Hamish sald Impatiently. 
Hadwin felt humiliated, while the other company representatives felt relieved that they had not acted like Hadwin did when he saw Hamish. They considered themselves lucky not to have submitted their proposals so hastily. 
Bonnie then turned to Avril and said, “Why don’t you show Mr. Hamish your proposal?” 
“Hmm?” Avril was absent–minded for a moment as she looked back at Bonnie. “A–Are you sure?” 
Avril was worried she would get mocked, just like Hadwin did. If so, it would be embarrassing- However, Bonnie grabbed Avril’s shoulders and positioned her before Hamish, saying, “It’s okay. You 
can trust me.” 
Faced with Hamish’s imposing presence, Avril froze. Meanwhile, Hadwin awkwardly stepped aside, thinking it was funny that someone else had dared to step forward. 
‘Well, at least I won’t be alone in his situation.‘ 
“I, uh, you see-” Avril was terrified and could barely form a sentence. She felt even more 
embarrassed than Hadwin. 
Soon after, Hamish asked, “Do you have a proposal for me, too?” 
“Hmm?” Ariel did not expect him to be so direct. It seemed he gave her a way out with a surprisingly gentle tone. It was a stark contrast to how he had treated Hadwin, making Avril relax slightly. 
“Yes, I’m a representative of the Smith family, Mr. Hamish. Here’s our proposal. Please take a look and tell us what you think.” 
“Sure, let me take a gander.” Hamish accepted the proposal but complained inwardly. After all, he not only needed to run the company for Bonnie, but he also had to design things. It seemed he even 
needed to learn to act now. 
Avril’s heart pounded, afraid that Hamish might also criticize her proposal and call it garbage. On the other hand, Daken was not as nervous. He glanced at Bonnie and then at Hamish, frowning as he pondered something. 
Meanwhile, Hadwin eagerly awaited Hamish’s criticism of the Smiths‘ proposal. 
‘No good proposal can come from a small family like the Smiths. There’s no way theirs is better than mine. Besides, I saw Bonnie making additions and corrections to the Smiths‘ proposal. What a joke. They must be stupid to allow an outsider like Bonnie to improve their proposal.‘ Trina was also anticipating a spectacle. She could not wait to ridicule Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 135
Chapter 135 
Even if the Smiths‘ mitial proposal was subpar, Bonnie’s pretentious additions will worsen it. If they fail, I can sow discord between Boule and the Smiths,‘ Trina thought 
“Well, well, it’s a pretty decent proposal.” Hamish looked satisfied, 
Hadwin was flabbergasted, and so was Trina. Everyone, including Avril, looked at Hamish with suprise as he continued, “These additional parts are the cherry on top. It’s a stroke of genius that I genuinely admire?” 
Bonnie was speechless as she forced a simile, thinking Hamish had gone over the top with his flattery. Nonetheless, the wide–eyed Avril slowly turned to look at Bonnie. Even Daken looked at the latter and 
then back at Hamish. 
Daken frowned in thought while Hadwin was in disbelief, muttering, “H–How’s that possible?” 
Trina could not help but think, ‘Wh–what?! How’s Bonnie so capable? Even if she were hiding her true identity, she can’t be so capable, right? Academics are one thing, but the business world is another. 
‘Bonnie’s around my age, too. I can’t believe she possesses such an outstanding business mindset. Even Mr. Hamish praised her.‘ 
Hamish handed the proposal to his assistant and asked, “What do you think?” 
The assistant began to sweat. He knew he would get fired if he dared to disagree with Hamish. After all, Bonnie had made changes to it herself. 
“It’s perfect, Mr. Hamish! I couldn’t have imagined making such changes to this proposal. They’re just immaculate.” Theassistant exaggerated his admiration, leaving Bonnie speechless. 
Hamish glared at his assistant as if to say the latter had overdone it. The assistant noticed his boss’s gaze and realized he had indeed gone too far. The assistant then cleared his throat and awkwardly stepped aside. 
Hamish approached Daken and shook his hand, saying, “Here’s to a pleasant cooperation, Mr. 
Daken.” 
Daken shook Hamish’s hand blankly and said, “Likewise, Mr. Hamish.” 
Hadwin’s mouth was agape while the other company representatives sighed and shook their heads. They regretted not being bold enough to show Hamish their proposals sooner. Nonetheless, they were too late, and the Smiths had claimed the project. 
Hadwin could not accept defeat. He strode over and asked, “Mr. Hamish, can I look at their proposal?” 
“You think—” Hamish paused and then handed the proposal to Hadwin. “Here, take a look for yourself.” 
Hadwin carefully examined the document and noticed it was about the same as his. However, his eyes 
It up when he saw the changes Bonnie had made. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 136
Chapter 136 
Hadwin thought the changes were extraordinary. He even wondered if he had made a mistake and began to realize that Bonnie might possess remarkable talent in business. 
As the crowd dispersed, he looked at the departing Bonnie and quickly called out to her, “Bonnie, I must admit that I underestimated you. You’re much more competent than everyone thinks.” 
Trina felt a sense of unease when she heard that. 
Hadwin added, “Bonnie, I know you don’t have a proper place to stay and no source of income since your family disowned you. Attending university is expensive, right? Since that’s the case, I suggest you work in my company as my secretary. I’ll pay you seven hundred dollars a month.” 
Bonnie was dumbfounded as she looked at Hadwin. 
“What, is my offer too low? Money isn’t easy to come by, Bonnie. Not all Pyralis University graduates can find good jobs. Besides, you have no work experience at the moment. I’m offering you a pretty generous amount,” Hadwin continued to persuade Bonnie. 
“You should get your head checked. You might have a concussion,” Bonnie replied in exasperation. 
“Okay, how about I pay you fourteen hundred? It’s double my initial offer, but you’ll need to put in the corresponding effort. Besides your secretarial duties, you’ll also revise some of the company’s proposals. 
“Also, I can rent you a house since you probably don’t have a place to stay now. Now that you’re studying at Pyralis University, I can provide you with a scholarship. Still, I’ll be investing a lot in you. Once you graduate, you can only join my company. 
“If you want to switch jobs down the line, you’ll need to repay me ten times, no, a hundred times. That’s fair enough, right?” Hadwin felt he was being generous by offering such things. 
‘Bonnie should be grateful and maybe even throw herself into my arms. Well, I’d be in a dilemma if she did that. I’d be torn between choosing my fiancee and Bonnie.‘ 
“Gosh, can you stop being such a pest? It’s wild how shamelessly bold you can be sometimes. You show such poor conduct, too! You own a small and pathetic company, yet you want me to be your secretary. You’re reaching,” Bonnie vented her frustrations. 
She could not bear Hadwin’s pitiful antics. If she were anywhere else, she would have done much worse to him long ago. 
“Haha!” Someone in the crowd laughed, causing Hadwin to turn red with anger. 
Since Hamish had scolded Hadwin before this, the latter could not retaliate. Hadwin could only lower his head, considering Hamish’s identity. However, Hadwin could not tolerate getting humiliated by 
Bonnie. 
Hadwin grabbed Bonnie’s collar and said, “You have no shame, do you?!” 
Chapter 136 
2/2 
“Don’t you dare!” Hamish stepped forward and pried Hadwin’s hand from Bonnie’s collar. At that moment, everyone fell silent. 
“Mr. Hamish, I didn’t want to cause trouble in your company, but you heard her words. Anyone would get angry after hearing such harsh things. So, please, Mr. Hamish, let me teach her a lesson.” 
Hadwin stared at Bonnie. He would not feel relieved unless he slapped her. 
of my 
“Let you teach her a lesson? Who do you think you are? I can crush the Rhodes with a snap fingers. She is an intern in my company, and you are trying to poach my employee. How dare you tell me not to interfere!” 
“Wh–what?” Hadwin was shocked. “She’s interning at your company?” 
“That’s right! Bonnie’s my employee. You just laid your hands on her in my presence and then asked me not to meddle. If you don’t apologize to her, you’ll be at odds with Tang Fusion Studios. My patience is limited. I’ll count to three.” 
Chapter 
1/2 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 137
Chapter 137 
Hamish did not give Hadwin time to think and began to count down, “One, two, three. Someone, throw him out. Jordan, post a notice on the website. Tang Fusion Studios will never cooperate with the Rhodes. We will also refuse to work with any company collaborating with the Rhodes family.” 
Hamish’s statement meant that Tang Fusion Studios would cut off all connections the Rhodes had in the city. After all, no one could afford to offend Tang Fusion Studios for the Rhodes‘ sake. 
Hadwin paled as he hastily pleaded, “Mr. Hamish, I didn’t say I wouldn’t apologize! It’s just that you counted too quickly, and I couldn’t react in time.” 
Trina felt just as uneasy as her fiance. She had chosen to be with him because of his background. If the Rhodes collapsed, she would not know what to do. 
Hamish questioned, “Are you blaming me for that?” 
“N–No, Mr. Hamish! I wouldn’t dare to blame you. I’ll apologize right away!” Hadwin approached Bonnie and lowered his head. Even if he was unwilling, he had to show sincerity now. 
“Bonnie, I’m sorry. Please forgive me!” 
Trina felt humiliated as she watched Hadwin practically begging for Bonnie’s forgiveness. However, Bonnie remained indifferent as she turned to Hamish, saying, “Toss him out. He annoys me.” 
Hamish gestured to the security guards. “Get him out of here.” 
“No, please! I already apologized!” Hadwin struggled and shouted, but the security guards dragged 
him out. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie shifted her gaze to Trina, causing the latter to pale and sweat. Trina felt hatred and panic as Bonnie questioned, “Why are you still here? Do you want the guards to throw you out like they did with your fiance?” 
“N–no, no! I’ll leave on my own.” Trina fled. 
“That was satisfying to watch.” Avril could not help but clap while her father looked back and forth between Bonnie and Hamish. 
Avril whispered to Daken, “Dad, I.think there must be some relationship between Bonnie and Mr. Hamish. I don’t believe Bonnie’s just his employee. What CEO would do such a thing for an intern?” 
“Yeah, you’re right.” Daken agreed. 
“Do you think the person who picked Bonnie up in that Maybach the other day was Mr. Hamish?” 
“That’s highly likely.” 
Avril analyzed the situation confidently yet quietly, “It’s not just likely. Only a handful of people in the whole city can afford such a car. Who else could it be besides Mr. Hamish? I initially felt a little sorry for Bonnie because Mr. Hamish is fifteen years older than her. 
Chapter 137 
212 
“But after watching their interaction, I realized how protective Mr. Hamish is over Bonnie. Being with him will only benefit Bonnie,” Avril gazed at Bonnie as she spoke, 
Suddenly, the latter turned and saw Avril’s peculiar expression, 
Ding! 
Bonnie received a message from Ivor that read, “I’m at the entrance of Tang Pusion Studios.” 
“That was fast.‘ 
When Bonnie left in the morning, Ivor texted her to ask where she was, She did not bother to make up excuses because it required too much effort. Hence, she simply told Ivor that she was working at Tang Fusion Studios, 
Ivor thought she was just an intern and did not pry. Instead, with a hint of disappointment, he asked her why she did not intern at his company. 
“I’ll be right out,” Bonnie replied with a text. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 138
Chapter 138 
After replying to Ivor’s text, Bonnie told Avril, “My friend’s here to pick me up. I’ll head out first.” 
“Oh, sure.” Avril subconsciously looked toward the entrance. She was astounded when she saw the black Maybach. “Dad! It’s that car again. What’s going on?” 
Draken looked just as bewildered. “Were our assumptions wrong? So, Mr. Hamish isn’t the owner of that Maybach?” 
The father–daughter duo exchanged puzzled glances. 
A few days later, Bonnie received a call from Hamish, saying, “Ms. Bonnie, tonight’s the competition for the Lenfield Resort. You must notify Windbreaker and ensure she comes.” 
“Don’t worry. She promised to attend,” Bonnie replied with a laugh. 
“All right, then.” 
“By the way, how’s the house? You’re still looking for one for me, right?” 
“I sent you some suggestions last time, but you either didn’t like the location or complained about the layout and decoration.” 
“Are you accusing me of being troublesome?” Bonnie raised a brow. 
“Of course not. I’m just venting. I’ll keep looking and get Jordan to search more diligently.” 
Ivor had come in earlier and heard about Bonnie looking for a house. “What’s up? Haven’t found a suitable one yet?” 
Bonnie nodded, feeling a bit of a headache, Ivor moved closer and asked, “How about Lenfield Resort? 
11 
Bonnie’s eyes lit up when she heard that. Ivor explained, “Lenfield Resort is a summer home. It’s an excellent place for tourism and vacations. The scenery is pleasant, and there’s even an orchard in the 
back.” 
‘He’s right. Lenfield Resort is perfect.‘ 
With that in mind, Bonnie found it amusing. After all, she had overlooked it because Hamish wanted her to invite Windbreaker to participate in the Lenfield Resort’s racing competition. 
“The best villa at Lenfield Resort is Villa 8 because it has the best view. If you like it, I’ll give it to you 
when I win the race.” 
Ivor was even more confident about winning the development rights for Lenfield Resort because of how Bonnie’s eyes lit up when he mentioned it. It became apparent that she liked that place. 
“Wait, you’re also participating in the competition?” Bonnie asked, somewhat amused. 
Chapter 138 
2/2 
The development rights for Lenfield Resort had stirred a commotion among the city’s big shots. Of course, the Knights–being a top–tier powerhouse—had to join in. 
“Also?” Ivor stared at Bonnie in confusion. 
The latter explained, “Oh since I’m interning at Tang Fusion Studios, I overheard the employees gossiping. They said Tang Fusion Studios is also participating in the competition for the resort.” 
Bonnie’s explanation had no loopholes and did not arouse any suspicion in Ivor. Still, he frowned and said, “It’s just a pity.” 
“What is?” 
Ivor looked at Bonnie and asked, “It’s a shame we couldn’t invite Windbreaker. Since you mentioned racing before, you should’ve heard the name Windbreaker, right?” 
Bonnie nodded shyly. 
“If my family could invite Windbreaker, winning the development rights would be a sure thing. Unfortunately, saying this now is pointless. Hey, come with me to watch the competition tonight.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 139
Chapter 139 
Bonnie was stunned, stammering, “I; uh, can’t go.” 
“Why? I thought you liked racing.” 
After struggling for a while, Bonnie finally came up with a reason, “Well, I’m not feeling well.” 
Ivor became nervous as he palmed Bonnie’s forehead. “It doesn’t seem like you have a fever.” 
He looked at her up and down, making her uncomfortable. She regretted using this excuse and said, “I -It’s a woman thing. It’s inappropriate to talk about. You don’t need to worry.” 
Ivor looked at her belly and said, “It’s not a minor issue if it’s a stomach problem. That’s where my future children will develop. You have to be careful, you know.” 
Bonnie glared at Ivor as he continued, “Does it hurt? My mom says women usually experience pain during these times. Let me give you a massage.” 
“Do you want me to break your hands?” Bonnie smiled. “Forget it. I’m going upstairs to sleep.” 
“I’ll carry you up,” Ivor offered. 
“Thanks, but no thanks.” Bonnie turned and walked away. 
However, Ivor swiftly lifted her in a princess carry. Bonnie gasped. No one had ever held her in such an embarrassing position before. She blushed, and her heart pounded. “Put me down!” 
“Don’t be stubborn. I’ll carry you up.” Ivor stepped upstairs. 
“Ivor, I told you to put me down!” Bonnie raised her voice. 
Meanwhile, Neville was in his room working on robots when he heard the commotion. He opened the door a crack and looked outside, muttering, “Tsk, tsk, tsk. Adults sure know how to play.” 
The duo looked upstairs when they heard his words. Neville raised his fist at Ivor and said, “Bro, go for it! You can do it! Make sure to marry her, or I’ll be embarrassed.” 
He then closed the door with a b***. 
Ivor smiled at Bonnie. “Did you hear that? My little brother said he’ll feel embarrassed if I don’t 
marry you.” 
“That’s not my problem! Now, put me down, damn it!” Bonnie began to struggle. 
Ivor realized it would be dangerous if he dropped her. He leaned in and whispered, “There’s a reward if you behave and listen to me.” 
Whether intentional or not, his breath brushed past Bonnie’s cheek and made her squirm. She even blushed. Ivor noticed her reaction, and his smile widened. “So, that’s your weakness.” 
Bonnie became wide–eyed in embarrassment and anger. When she tried to roll over to escape his 
Chapter 139 
2/2 
grasp, he restrained her instead. “Don’t move so recklessly, or I might just eat you up.” 
Ivor’s attractive voice made Bonnie blush even more. She also noticed him staring at her, thinking he 
did it on purpose. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 140
Go 
Chapter 140 
Bonnie had never suffered such humiliation, so she decided to get even. Once inside the room, Ivor reluctantly put her down. He wanted to carry Bonnie to the bed but feared making her angry. 
“Get some rest. Tell the butler if you need anything.” Ivor seemed hesitant as he left. He then stopped and added, “The butler’s a man, which may be inconvenient for you. I’ll tell the housekeepers to take care of you instead.” 
“Don’t be in such a hurry to leave,” Bonnie smirked as she approached Ivor and drew circles on his chest. “I haven’t thanked you for carrying me up yet.” 
Ivor blushed as he watched her finger circle his chest. He gulped and wished to take her at that moment. Suddenly, Bonnie pushed him away and turned around, saying, “I’m tired. You can leave now.” 
Ivor was speechless and dissatisfied. He then saw Bonnie smiling mischievously and revealed a helpless smile. He knew he could do nothing about it. Still, Ivor could only continue to spoil Bonnie because he liked her. 
Later that evening, Bonnie changed into her racing suit and drove to the racing track once Ivor left. 
“Ivor, you’re finally here! Hey, where’s Bonnie? I thought you said she liked racing, too. Why isn’t she here?” 
“Oh, she’s not feeling well.” 
“Oh, I see.” 
Ged observed the driver Ivor had hired and whispered to Ivor, “Is your driver okay? Our toughest opponent will be Vulture.” 
“We have no choice but to make it work.” Ivor squinted. 
Ged knew Ivor too well. When the former saw Ivor’s expression, he knew something was amiss. Ged said, “Although you wanted to win before, you didn’t look as determined as you do now. What changed?” 
Ivor replied, “Because Bonnie thinks highly of Lenfield Resort.” 
“Um, that’s unexpectedly cheesy of you,” Ged said as he gazed at Tang Fusion Studios’s camp. “I heard Mr. Hamish found a formidable driver. I looked around but didn’t see his driver anywhere.” 
“Don’t mind him. We must win the competition, no matter what. I’ve already discussed it with Yosef. I’ll give him whatever he wants if he wins.” Ivor’s indifference had an unyielding arrogance. 
Ged shook his head without saying a word. 
On the opposite side, Hamish was anxious. All the major racing teams‘ drivers had arrived at the scene, except for his. Bonnie told him not to worry, but Windbreaker had yet to arrive. Hamish began 
Chapter 140 
to wonder if Windbreaker had pulled out or if something had happened on the way over 
Xavier Sheffyn, the president of Sheffyn Entertainment, approached. “Mr. Hamish, where’s your driver? Why haven’t we seen them?” 
Hamish sneered at Xavier. “What, are you here to macle ine?” 
“Why would I, Mr. Hamish? I told you I wanted to arrange for my sister to marry you. Although you disagreed, I still consider you part of the family,” Xavier squinted. “Also, everyone knows that my nemesis is the Knight family, not you.‘ 
Then, why are you here?” Hamish was not in the mood for small talk with Xavier. 
“Don’t be so hostile, Mr. Hamish. I just wanted to tell you that my driver is Vulture. No one has a chance of winning unless Windbreaker shows up. How about you withdraw from the race? I’ll share half of the development rights with you.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 141
Chapter 141 
“What do you mean you’ll give me half? I don’t need your charity.” 
“What makes you say that, Mr. Hamish? It’s not charity. I just want to ally with you, and we can deal with the Knights together,” Xavier spoke mysteriously. 
“You want to deal with the Knight family together? They’re the wealthiest family in the city, and their 
roots go 
back more than a hundred years. Although our companies are also at the top, it may be a tough battle to fight. 
“The conflicts between the Knights and Tang Fusion Studios aren’t that significant. Do you think your can use Lenfield Resort’s development rights to bait me in? You’re pretty cunning, Mr. Xavier.” 
Hamish sneered and added, “So what if you have Vulture? How do you know that I don’t have Windbreaker?” 
Xavier’s eyes widened. “How’s that possible? Windbreaker has been retired for a while now. Even the Sheffyns and the Knights couldn’t find her. How could you? Oh, I see. You’re just trying to intimidate 
me. 
“There’s really no need for that, Mr. Hamish. Everyone here knows, each other. Don’t worry. I won’t make fun of you.” Although Xavier said that, mockery was evident in his eyes. 
Many nearby overheard their conversation and followed suit in chuckling. They discretely mocked Hamish for saying such things to intimidate his rivals. 
At that moment, a silver–and–red racing car appeared. 
“That car looks awesome! It must be quite expensive!” 
“Hey, don’t you guys think this car looks familiar?” 
“Ah! I remember! 1–It looks like Windbreaker’s car!” 
Everyone was shocked. Eyen Ivor, Hamish, and Xavier turned to look. 
“Is this really Windbreaker’s car?” 
“I’m not sure. Maybe someone imitated Windbreaker’s car and is just showing off.” 
“You could be right. By the way, have any of you actually seen Windbreaker in person?” 
“I haven’t.” 
“I have, but she was always wearing a helmet.” 
“Same here. Come to think of it, no one has seen Windbreaker’s face.” 
While everyone conversed, the race car stopped in front of Hamish. Then, a young lady wearing a helmet matching the car’s color got out. The young lady wore a sleek and racing suit, and her figure was graceful and charming. 
Chapter 141 
At that moment, everyone wondered if it was actually her. Hamish addressed her, “Are you Windbreaker? Ms. Bonnie contacted you, right?” 
Bonnie, or in this case, Windbreaker, nodded. “Yep, she did.” 
Hamish was stunned, thinking her voice sounded so familiar. 
“Yep, huh? Hmm ‘Hamish’s eyes widened as he looked at the young lady from top to bottom. The more he looked, the more astonished he became. Her figure, her cues, her appearance. Could it be 
Xavier assessed Bonnie and asked, “Mr. Hamish, is she the real Windbreaker or an impostor?” 
He asked the question everyone wanted to know the answer to. Meanwhile, Hamish felt secretly pleased and maintained a neutral expression, saying, “We’ll find that out soon enough. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 142
Chapter 142 
Hamish was sure the person under that helmet was who he thought it was. “All right, let’s stop standing around and take our positions.” 
Xavier looked away from Bonnie, thinking it was unlikely Hamish managed to find the real Windbreaker. 
‘He probably found someone to impersonate Windbreaker to keep his dignity.” 
As Bonnie was about to get into her car, she sensed someone’s burning gaze. When she turned around, she saw Ivor standing in the crowd, scrutinizing her and making her feel uneasy. 
‘Does he rec 
recognize me? That’s impossible. I’m all covered up and in a helmet.‘ 
Bonnie would not be surprised if Hamish recognized her. After all, she had intentionally dropped him 
a hint earlier. 
“Whoo, my idol is here!” Ged exclaimed excitedly. “Ivor, I finally get to see my idol again. Still, you’re in trouble. With Windbreaker around, we probably won’t get the development rights.” 
“Are you sure she’s Windbreaker?” Ivor frowned. 
“She must be!” 
“How do you know?” 
“You don’t understand. It’s a man’s intuition!” Ged said confidently. 
Ivor rolled his eyes in silence, thinking, ‘Is he saying I’m not a man?” 
Despite the banter, his gaze remained fixed on Bonnie as he asked, “Don’t you think she looks 
familiar?” 
“Who do you think she resembles? Your fiancee, Bonnie?” 
Ivor was shocked. “What are you thinking?” 
“What else can I think? That’s how you are. You think everyone looks like your fiancee. You left her for a moment, and you’re already hallucinating about her,” Ged teased. 
Ivor glared at him and then turned back to Bonnie. After some thought, Ivor said, “Don’t you think they look highly similar? Doesn’t her figure, posture, and demeanor remind you of Ms. Bonita?” 
“What?!” Ged was startled by what Ivor said. 
“Ivor, you never cease to amaze me with your words. I never knew you had such a vivid imagination. Do you think the legendary Windbreaker is Ms. Bonita? Do you honestly believe that?” Ged spoke with disbelief. 
“I just said they just look similar. I didn’t say they were the same person,” Ivor said calmly. 
Chapter 142 
2/2 
“Of course, they can’t be the same person. How can they be? Ms. Bonita is devoted to scientific research and is an irreplaceable figure in our country’s scientific community. Where would she find the time to go street racing? 
status, the 
“Even if she has the time, how can she become a legendary racer? Besides, with her authorities wouldn’t allow her to do that. Street racing is a high–risk activity. If anything goes wrong. the losses are unimaginable.” Ged shook his head. 
“Achoo!” Bonnie had just fastened her seatbelt when she sneezed. 
‘Someone must be talking about me.” 
Through the rearview mirror, Bonnie saw Ivor looking in her direction. 
“Was it him?” 
Hamish walked over and asked softly, “Ms. Bonnie, are you really Windbreaker?” 
“Yes, I am.” Bonnie nodded. 
Hamish gasped. Although he had guessed it, it was still shocking. “I knew it. You neglect the company all the time. It turns out you’re playing street racing. 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow. She wanted to tell him that she was busy with research instead of racing. However, she decided not to explain herself. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 143
Chapter 143 
Vulture then approached in his black racing suit and said, “I don’t care if you’re Windbreaker or not, but you’ll be my underling today,” 
Bonnie retorted, “I’ve heard about you and studied you. You’re pretty good, but there’s room for improvement. Aw, do you dream of beating me? Maybe in a hundred years, bud,” 
“Hmph, you arrogant little-” 
“Oh, I didn’t finish. I meant to say, not even in a hundred years.” 
“I sure hope you are Windbreaker. Then, I can shame you for what you just said!” 
Bonnie waved a finger at him and said solemnly, “Tsk, tak, tak, you won’t have that chance,” 
Vulture was outraged. “Calling you arrogant was an understatement! 
Bonnie responded calmly, “Arrogant or not, I can back my words up,” 
“Fine! Let’s see if you can. We’ll settle this once and for alll” Vulture was determined to show Bonnie the consequences of her arrogance. 
Hamish interjected, “We can’t settle the score tonight. Don’t forget that today’s just the preliminary round. The finals will be in a week.” 
Locals were not the only ones competing for the development rights. Big shots from other major cities had joined, too. Over a hundred factions had gathered for the race, making it unrealistic for everyone to race in one go. 
Hence, they made it into a tournament and divided the participants into ten groups. Unsurprisingly, Bonnie and Vulture were not in the same group. 
“You’re lucky tonight. I hope you don’t get eliminated in the first round, or it’ll be embarrassing,” Vulture threatened. 
“Likewise.” Bonnie feared nothing. 
Xavier stared at Bonnie’s car and then instructed the people nearby, “Have the representatives of the Zion, Steele, and Olson familles give up the race and surround that so–called Windbreaker’s car. If necessary…” 
Xavier made a throat–cutting gesture. 
“Understood, Mr. Xavier.” 
Soon, the race started with a gunshot. Bonnie had just driven off when a car from behind collided 
with her. 
“Ugh!” Bonnie grunted. The impact was so sudden that her forehead hit the steering wheel, causing 
Chapter 143 
her vision to blur and her head to throb. 
“What the hell is that all about?!” Ged was furious. “Such shameless behavior! We’re competing fairly, yet they’re using such dirty tricks!” 
2/2 
Ivor looked at the car that collided with Bonnie and immediately recognized it. “That’s the Olsons” representative. The Olsons are acquaintances with the Sheffyns. Their family’s head married Xavier’s aunt. I’m not surprised they want to knock Windbreaker out of the race.” 
“That’s disgusting!” Ged complained, “I won’t forgive the Sheffyns if anything happens to Windbreaker!” 
“You’ll have no evidence, and they’ll blame the car for malfunctioning if you confront them. What can you do then?” 
“But I…” Although Ged was furious, he knew Ivor was right. “You love racing, too, Ivor. Isn’t Windbreaker kind of your idol? How can you be so calm when others are trying to eliminate her? Aren’t you worried?” 
“She’s your idol, not mine. I like racing, but that doesn’t mean I idolize Windbreaker. Besides, represents Tang Fusion Studios, not my family. If something happens, the loss is Tang Fusion. Studios’s, not mine,” Ivor spoke indifferently. 
“Nothing that can stir you up except Bonnie.” Ged shrugged. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie quickly regained her composure and adjusting thoughts. At that moment, She looked through the rearview mirror and noticed the car behind her preparing to collide again. She stepped on the accelerator, even though there was a sharp turn ahead. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 144
Chapter 144 
Since the corner was sharp, some drivers would still crash even after decelerating. 
“Oh no! That’s a hairpin corner, and Windbreaker is accelerating! At this rate, she’s bound to crash!” Ged anxiously exclaimed. 
“She won’t make that turn.” Ivor frowned. 
‘Please be okay, Ms. Bonnie!‘ 
Hamish wanted to slap himself at that moment. He would not have let Bonnie participate if he had known Xavier was so ruthless. Even so, he also had not expected Bonnie to be Windbreaker. 
“It seems you’re unlucky, Mr. Hamish. Still, you can’t can’t blame anyone in this scenario. The car behind Windbreaker malfunctioned. Keep your spirits up. She’s just a racer, after all,” Xavier said 
with a smirk. 
“Xavier!” Hamish cursed, “Do you think I don’t know what you’re up to?! The Olsons are your lackeys. If anything happens to Windbreaker, Tang Fusion Studios will come for you!” 
Xavier was stunned. 
“Windbreaker’s just a racer. I don’t understand why Hamish is so pissed off. He doesn’t look like he’s joking, either. What’s their relationship?” 
Meanwhile, Bonnie’s car had already reached the sharp corner. Some held their breaths while others covered their eyes, not daring to look. Bonnie’s focus intensified as she coordinated herself to pull off a miracle. 
Instead of witnessing car crash, everyone saw a perfect four–wheel drift through the hairpin corner. 
“Damn! That’s so cool!” Ged instinctively raised his fist and cheered as he was full of admiration for 
Windbreaker. 
Others followed suit and gave a thunderous applause. Finally, they felt assured that the driver was indeed Windbreaker. After all, only she could pull off such a miracle. Even Ivor clapped to show hist appreciation. However, he felt a little regretful. 
‘If only she were my family’s representative instead.‘ 
Hamish sighed in relief and patted his chest. 
‘Well, that was a horrible experience.” 
“You don’t need to be so nervous, Mr. Hamish. Is there something going on between you and Windbreaker?” Xavier asked provocatively. 
“That’s none of your damn business,” Hamish retorted irritably. 
“Don’t be so crude. I was just asking. 
Chapter 144 
“Don’t make me repeat myself, damn it!‘ 
“Hamish, you-” 
“It’s none of your damn business!” 
Meanwhile, Bonnie executed another high–speed drift, causing the audience to cheer again, “Wow, that was amazing!” 
“It seems Windbreaker’s destined to win.‘ With that in mind, Xavier signaled his assistant, who then quickly messaged the representatives of the Zion, Steele, and Olson familles. 
“The boss is running out of patience.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 145
Chapter 145 
When the three families received the news, they instructed their racers to attack Bonnie. However, the racers replied, “We’re trying! We need to catch up to do that!” 
The heads of the three families exchanged helpless glances as they watched Windbreaker leave the other racers in the dust. There was no way they could attack. Even touching the tail of her car seemed impossible. 
The preliminary rounds ended predictably with Bonnie’s victory. 
Hamish rushed to Bonnie’s side. “Ms. Bonnie, are you okay? Should I take you to the hospital?” 
“I’m fine,” Bonnie said, but she was getting dizzier. She just wanted to go home and rest. 
“Are you sure?” Hamish asked with concern. 
“I wouldn’t have won if I weren’t.” 
“Right, Ms. Bonnie. You were amazing out there.” Hamish then turned to glare at Xavier and Gibren, the head of the Olson family. 
Xavier and Gibren noticed it, even though they stood some distance from Hamish. Xavier frowned not expecting Hamish to confront the Sheffyns for Windbreaker’s sake. However, Xavier remembered how upset Hamish was just now. 
Bonnie was about to leave when Ged and Ivor blocked her. 
‘Did they find out who I am?‘ 
“Windbreaker, I’m Ged, your loyal fan!” Ged grabbed Bonnie’s hand and shook it excitedly. Bonnie could have endured it, but Ged’s vigorous handshake caused her head to hurt again. 
“Did something happen to your head? Remove your helmet. Let me see,” Ged expressed concern. If he had not been afraid she would resist, he would have quickly removed the helmet for her. 
Ivor frowned. For some reason, his heart pounded when he heard Windbreaker’s muffled voice. Meanwhile, Bonnie smelled blood around her nose and felt it dripping down into her helmet. 
The irritated Hamish gently took Bonnie aside and whispered, “Come on, I’ll take you to the hospital. Don’t refuse, or I’ll resign as CEO.” 
Of course, he was irritated with the other families, not Bonnie. 
The latter was aware of her injury. Although she had medical knowledge, she ultimately agreed to visit the hospital. “Okay, let’s go.” 
Hearing Bonnie’s compromise, Hamish sighed in relief. A moment ago, he considered getting tough with her if she refused to go to the hospital. Nonetheless, he quickly opened his car door and urged Bonnie to get in. 
Chapter 145 
22 
The dizzied Bonnie did not notice a stone at her feet and stumbled. She lost her balance and fell forward, but Ivor grabbed her arm and prevented her from falling 
“Thanks,” Bonnie politely expressed her gratitude. 
Ivor’s frown deepened when he felt her hand. “Have we met somewhere before?” 
“Probably not,” Bonnie replied, worried Ivor would recognize her If the conversation continued. So, without further delay, she got into the car. 
After watching the car leave, Ivor took out his phone and texted Bonnie. “What are you doing?” 
Bonnie looked at the message and shook her head. 
“Yep, he’s suspicious.” 
“I was just about to go to sleep,” she replied 
Ivor did not give up, asking, 
an we do a video call 
Bonnie edited the message. “I’m sleeping.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 146
Chapter 146 
Once Bonnie left the hospital with Hamish, he said incessantly, “You remember what the doctor said, right, Ms. Bonnie? Although the wound isn’t deep, it isn’t shallow, either. Don’t let water touch it when you shower later. Also, no strenuous activities, no staying up late, and—” 
“All right, already! You told me all that several times. My ears will bleed if you repeat it,” Bonnie said, 
exhausted. 
Hamish wanted to say more but could only shut his mouth after getting scolded. After a while, het spoke again, “You shouldn’t participate in the finals next week.” 
“No way!” Bonnie refused. 
Hamish looked at the bandage on Bonnie’s head as he said, “What do you mean no way? You can’t go with that injury. Are you kidding me? Xavier isn’t only despicable and shameless but also ruthless. I wouldn’t want you to go, even if you weren’t injured. 
“Sure, the development rights to Lenfield Resort are important, but it’s nothing compared to your safety. Anyway, I won’t let you go.” 
Bonnie glared at him. “Is it your company or mine? Are you trying to decide for me?” 
“Wow, I didn’t know you remembered that it’s your company. I thought you forgot,” Hamish 
alone. complained sarcastically, “I’m exhausted with taking care of such a vast company 
“I understand that you were preparing for the college entrance exams before, but you already passed. You should spare some time for work, but no. Instead, you want to- H–Hey!” 
Before he could finish, Bonnie hailed a cab and left. When she reached Ivor’s house, she saw his Maybach parked in the garage. 
‘He’s back already? Shit! Did he go to my room to check on me?‘ 
Bonnie’s heart pounded, and she ran upstairs to look through the crack. She sighed in relief when she realized the light was not on. When she entered and turned on the light, she was startled to see a man sitting on her bed. 
“Wh–why are you in my room?!” 
Ivor stood up and approached Bonnie, asking, “Didn’t you tell me you were going to sleep?” 
“Uh, yeah. I said I was, but I couldn’t fall asleep, so I went for a walk instead.” Bonnie said casually. 
Ivor stood close to Bonnie and looked at the fisherman’s hat she wore. “Why’d you go for a walk with this hat on when it’s already nighttime?” 
“My hair was messy, and I was too lazy to comb it.” Bonnie did not give Ivor a chance to pry and faked a yawn, saying, “It’s late, and I’m tired. I should sleep.‘ 
As she walked past Ivor, he grabbed her arm. She looked up at him and asked, “Is there something 
Chapter 146 
you need?” 
“Oh, nothing. I just like your hat, that’s all. Why don’t you let me borrow it for a moment?” Ivor smiled. 
“Don’t you have your own?” Bonnie raised an eyebrow. 
“You seem to care a lot about this hat.” Ivor squinted. 
2/2 
“You’re so boring. I don’t want to talk to you.” Bonnie pulled away from Ivor’s grasp as she spoke. Immediately after, she noticed him reaching toward her head. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 147
Chapter 147 
“What are you doing?” Bonnie stepped back, narrowly avoiding Ivor’s grasp. 
Ivor narrowed his eyes. “What are you hiding? You didn’t go for a walk like you said, did you?“. Bonnie sighed and turned solemn, saying, “Fine, I went to have dinner with some friends who happened to be men. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to cause a misunderstanding 
Taking a deep breath, Bonnie turned solemn. 
“Whenever I do something with my male friends, you always act weird and make me uncomfortable.” 
Ivor 
noticed Bonnie getting angry and seemed to believe her. After some thought, he apologized, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have questioned you. 
“Apology accepted. I know you care about me, but I’m exhausted and need some rest.” Bonnie then turned and avoided eye contact as if giving him a cold shoulder. 
“Okay, then, I’ll leave you to it.” Ivor turned and left. 
Once the door closed, Bonnie sighed in relief. 
‘Good thing I’m excellent at thinking on my feet. Otherwise, Ivor would’ve found me out.‘ 
Bonnie grew dizzier as sleepiness kept washing over her. She then entered the bathroom to take a shower. “Ouch! I forgot.” 
She had forgotten about the wound on her forehead, and the water splashed onto it. Still, she took a quick shower, put on her pajamas, and went to sleep. 
The following day, Professor Terry called and told her about a vital research breakthrough. He also told Bonnie to visit the research institute. On the way there, Bonnie felt drowsy and desperate for more sleep. 
Half an hour later, a group of older professors gathered around Bonnie at the research institute’s conference room. As she sat and listened to their reports, her vision darkened, and she fell 
unconscious. 
“Ms. Bonita!” 
“Something’s wrong! Ms. Bonita fainted. Quick, call a doctor!” 
“Hey, we need a doctor in here!” 
“Oh no! Ms. Bonita’s bleeding from her forehead!” 
The research institute descended into chaos. Soon after, an ambulance took Bonnie to the hospital. The incident spread like wildfire, and people across the city began discussing it, even on social media. 
Netizens left numerous comments online. 
Chapter 142 
“I hope Ms. Bonita’s okay. She is irreplaceable for our country!” 
“Maybe she’s been overworking herself lately. Well, even a genius is human!” 
“Who knows what’s going on with Ms. Bonita? Is it a serious illness?” 
“I want to know, too.” 
Meanwhile, the Shepards were sitting together for a meal. Vera handed Trina a pork rib and said, ” Here, you should eat more. You’ve lost weight since you began working with Professor Paul at school.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 148
Chapter 148 
“Thanks, Mom.” Trina said smilingly. 
“You don’t have to thank me, dear.” 
Gresham set down his utensils and looked at his daughter, saying, “You offended people at the institute last time. I don’t know if you can get in again in the future.” 
The other two felt a headache coming on when they heard that. Trina bit her lip and said, “Ms. Bonita’s in the hospital. I plan to visit her.” 
“Do you know which one she’s in?” Gresham and Vera were surprised. 
“Yeah, it’s a coincidence that my college senior works where Ms. Bonita is. She told me an hour ago that Ms. Bonita is there.” 
Vera understood Trina’s purpose. “Bonnie embarrassed you in front of those old professors last time. So, you want to prove that you’re not as bad as those professors think and also show your talent to Ms. Bonita?” 
Trina linked arms with her mother. “You know me so well, Mom.” 
Gresham frowned. “I’m worried it might backfire. What if Ms. Bonita doesn’t like you because of those old professors? If that happens, it’ll affect our family.” 
“Don’t worry, Dad. My senior said she’s fortunate to be Ms. Bonita’s exclusive nurse. She chatted with Ms. Bonita several times and said she’s easy to get along with. 
“Besides, Ms. Bonita is a giant in the science community. She’s wise and knows that those old professors misunderstood me,” Trina spoke confidently. 
t 
“If that’s the case, I hope you do your best for Ms. Bonita when the time comes.” 
“You can rest assured, Mom and Dad.” 
Bonnie lay on the hospital bed in a hospital gown, surrounded by several professors from the 
institute. 
Jim crossed his arms, looking tense as he said, “I don’t know how to put it, Ms. Bonita. We have a superior–subordinate relationship, but you’re like a daughter to me. Health is the foundation of everything. You must take better care of yourself for the country’s sake.” 
“Mr. Jim’s right. You don’t know how worried we were when you fainted. It felt like you, our backbone, would disappear.” 
‘Old people love nagging, don’t they? Once they latch onto something, they’ll repeat it. I’ve already heard these words at least three times today.‘ 
Chapter 148 
2/2 
“I understand.” Bonnie’s head throbbed. 
“You said the same thing when you were sick before,” Professor Leto sald seriously. 
Bonnie remained silent. Meanwhile, Jim could not bear it anymore and looked at Bonnie angrily, asking, “What happened to your forehead? That’s no ordinary wound. If you don’t tell me what happened, I’ll stalk you and find out. I won’t care if you’re at the Knights‘ house or not.” 
Bonnie’s head throbbed even more. She wanted to make up a reason, but it seemed impossible now. 
“I participated in a race for Lenfield Resort last night.” 
“What?!” Jim was shocked. “Do you know how important your safety is?! Why would you participate in something so dangerous? You could’ve died if you made a single mistake!” 
“I wouldn’t have made a mistake. I’m a professional racer, after all.” Bonnie’s explanation was useless to the older professors. 
“Ms. Bonita, you can’t take your life lightly! We can’t afford to lose you!” 
“Yeah, how could you participate in such a dangerous event? What if something worse happened to you?” 
“You can’t do this again, Ms. Bonita.” 
Bonnie wanted to tell Jim about the finals in a week, but she decided to keep it a secret instead. 
At that moment, Trina had arrived at the hospital. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 149
Chapter 149 
“Excuse me, which room is Ms. Bonita in?” Trina asked, restraining her excitement. 
The nurse replied, “In the VIP ward on the third floor. But right now, the other professors and Mr. Jim 
In. are inside. You should wait for them to come out before you go 
“Thanks for telling me,” Trina said, taking out a gift and handing it to the nurse. “This is a designer handbag I got for you. I hope you like it.” 
“You didn’t have to do that. It’s such a valuable bag, too.” The nurse’s eyes gleamed, wanting to take it but hesitated. 
“Just take it. No matter how valuable it is, it can’t compare to my future. I’m confident Ms. Bonita will notice me. Maybe she’ll even let me assist her. Once I succeed, I’ll have to thank you again. If you don’t take it, I’ll feel guilty.” 
The nurse could only accept the gift. “Okay, I’ll accept it for now. If you fail to make Ms. Bonita notice you, I’ll return this bag to you.” 
“Hey, you’re too kind. You gave me a chance, and I’m just giving you a handbag. If I fail and take it back, it would make me look petty, wouldn’t it?” Trina was skilled in manipulating others to do things for her. 
“Okay, I won’t argue then. I’ll keep an eye out for you. Once the professors leave, I’ll notify you immediately.” The nurse happily took the designer handbag. 
“I appreciate your help.” Trina flashed a sweet smile and then smirked once the nurse left. 
‘The poor will always succumb to money. All’I have to do is give this nurse something, and she’ll do whatever I want. Money is a wonderful thing. Now that Bonnie’s no longer in the picture, I’ll be the only heiress to my family. My future will be boundless once Ms. Bonita notices me.‘ 
The more she thought about it, the more beautiful her future looked. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie rubbed her temples as she lay in the hospital bed. The nurse approached and asked, “Ms. Bonita, what’s wrong?” 
Everyone else in the ward quieted down as Bonnie replied, “It’s just a headache. I need to rest for a while.” 
After some thought, Jim asked, “You’re not pretending to have a headache just because you don’t want us to continue nagging, are you?” 
Bonnie continued to massage her temples, saying, “I’m not, okay? You can continue talking. I’ll 
endure it.” 
Everyone exchanged glances. They dared not assume whether or not Bonnie was faking it. Regardless, she needed proper rest. Ultimately, the professors and Jim left the room. 
Chapter 140 
2022 
“It’s finally quiet now.” Bonnie was unable to sleep since it was still daytime. Still, it did not stop her from closing her eyes to relax. However, she heard a knock on the door as soon as she closed her eyes. 
“Who is it?” 
“Ms. Bonita, can I come in?” Trina’s muffled voice echoed. 
Bonnie could not tell who it was and asked another question, “What is it?” 
“I’m here to visit.” 
‘Everyone in Pyralis knows I’m in a hospital, but they don’t know which one, let alone which ward 
I’m in. So, it should be someone I know or even one of the professors‘ daughters. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 150
Chapter 150 
“Ms. Bonita? Are you asleep? If you are, I’ll wait a little longer.” Trina asked cautiously. 
“Come in,” Bonnie replied indifferently. 
Trina was overjoyed as she opened the door and entered. However, she saw Bonnie instead. “Bonnie? Why are you here? Where’s Ms. Bonita? I thought this was her room. 
Bonnie looked just as surprised. She thought someone from the science community came to visit, but it was Trina instead. Moreover, the latter did not seem to associate Ms. Bonita with Bonnie at all. 
‘Come to think of it, Trina always looked down on me, even when I became the city’s top scorer. She still views me as a crude country girl.‘ 
“Why would you care why I’m here? I should be asking why you’re here.” 
Trina surveyed the room but did not see anyone who looked like Ms. Bonita. “I came to visit Ms. Bonita, this her room?” 
Bonnie reached for a banana from the fruit basket beside the hospital bed, peeling it while saying, Who said this is her room?” 
“This is your room?” Trina observed Bonnie’s actions and confirmed her guess. Still, there was no reason for Trina’s college senior to lie to her. 
“Since you know this is my room, why don’t you leave? Do I have to kick you out?” Bonnie said weakly. 
“Hmph! I don’t want to be here anyway. I only came to see Ms. Bonita, not you!” Trina turned and left. Trina wanted to ask her senior what was going on. As she thought about it, she saw a nurse approaching. 
The nurse bombarded Trina with several questions, “Why are you out so quickly? How did it work out with Ms. Bonita? Did she hire you to work for her yet?” 
Trina grew annoyed, but she forced herself to hold back. “I just went in, and that person inside isn’t Ms. Bonita. Did you get the room wrong?” 
“That’s impossible! This is room 308, right?” The nurse was a bit puzzled. 
“Someone else is in 308.” 
“That can’t be. How could I possibly get that wrong? Oh, right, you don’t even know what Ms. Bonita looks like. How do you know the person inside isn’t her? You must’ve made a mistake.” 
Trina resisted the urge to roll her eyes. “If it were someone I didn’t recognize, I wouldn’t make a mistake. But do you know who that person inside is?” 
“Who is it? Do you know her?” The nurse became increasingly confused. 
Chapter 150 
“I do know her, and you’ve heard of her too.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“She’s my sister from the countryside, the one who has become notorious recently. The person in 308 is her, not Ms. Bonita. Do you still think I’m wrong?” 
The nurse suddenly realized something and said, “Oh, it’s that country bumpkin! The one who got kicked out of your house a few days ago. Wait a minute! How could she be in there? She–wait a second!” 
The nurse figured something out as she stared wide–eyed at Trina. “Y–You… That sister of yours, what’s her name again?” 
Trina did not understand why the nurse started stuttering. 
“Bonnie.” 
“Yes, Bonnie!” The nurse abruptly looked at the patient registration form. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 151
Chapter 151 
Trina looked at the nurse up and down curiously. She could not understand why the nurse would suddenly react that way. 
The nurse was still in shock even a minute later. Her hands began to tremble more intensely as she held the patient’s registry. Meanwhile, Trina’s patience grew thin, saying, “Hey, what’s wrong with 
you? 
“What’s the big deal about her name? Wait, that’s not the point. My point is, why would you lie to me? Bonnie’s the one in ward 308. Why did you tell me Ms. Bonita’s in there? Come on, tell me where the heck Ms. Bonita’s ward is!” 
The nurse gathered her thoughts and stared into Trina’s eyes. Although the former had plenty to say, she did not know where to start. 
“Oh, I get it now!” Trina’s eyes widened. She then glared at the nurse and reprimanded, “Did Bonnie bribe you? She doesn’t want you to tell me where Ms. Bonita is because she fears Ms. Bonita will like 
“After all, I’m immensely talented. Bonnie must been worried that I’d get into Ms. Bonita’s research institute. Then, she’d have no business being in Pyralis! Is that right?” 
The nurse was shocked at her guess, and Trina took it as a yes. 
“That’s rich, Marcella! I can’t believe I trusted you and considered you my friend. You were just playing me for a fool. Return the handbag to me!” Trina was furious, snatching the handbag from 
Marcella. 
“You won’t get anything out of me! Also, I don’t know what she bribed you with, but she does shady things to earn money. I’m sure you heard the rumors about her having an old man for a sugar daddy. 
Bonnie’s also a homewrecker. 
“Once this news reaches Bonnie’s sugar daddy’s wife, she’ll catch them in the act. It’ll ruin Bonnie’s reputation. I can’t believe you’d take bribes from someone like her.” 
Marcella glanced at Trina sidelong, saying, “Mind your words, Trina. You keep saying she has a sugar daddy, but have you seen him?” 
“You bet I did. I wasn’t the only one who did, either. All of my engagement party guests saw it, too. Bonnie’s sugar daddy sent a limo to pick her up.‘ 
“Is that why all of you assumed she has a sugar daddy? All because she got into a limo? Gosh, Trina. Are you telling me you’ve never gotten into someone else’s limo? Does it mean you’re unfaithful to Hadwin just because you sat in another man’s limo?” 
“Stop comparing me to someone like Bonnie. I’m in a different league from her.” Trina lifted her chin, revolted at the idea of being compared to Bonnie. 
Marcella could not help but laugh. 
Chapter 151 
2/2 
“What are you laughing at?” Trina stared at the nurse. 
Marcella pursed her lips and retorted, “That’s none of your business. Feel free to take the handbag back. I hope I’ll cross paths with you again. That includes your family. I’ll be fine without getting Involved with you guys,” 
Her words infuriated Trina. 
Trina thought of Marcella as just a needy punk. The former could not understand why s Marcella would speak so arrogantly. 
‘Bonnie must’ve bribed her with a lot of money for her to act like this.‘ 
someone like 
Trina said, “1 long for the day her sugar daddy’s wife catches them. When that happens, I’ll be sure to tell his wife that you were an accomplice to Bonnie’s infidelity.” 
“Sure, count the days until that happens. In my opinion, that’ll never happen,” Marcella said helplessly. 
‘Is Trina seriously still accusing Ms. Bonita of having a sugar daddy? No one would ever believe her crazy tale!! 
“Hmph!” Trina grunted and left with the handbag. 
Marcella watched as Trina left, thinking, “Trina’s such a dense bimbo! Her whole family must have a mental illness.” 
Marcella pulled out her phone and searched for the official tweet the Shepards posted. She realized they composed the tweet in such a heartless manner just to disown Bonnie. There was no way Bonnie. could rejoin the family.” 
Then, Marcella thought about how Gresham and his family doted on Trina. Marcella clicked her tongue and muttered, “They’ve messed up big time. They actually showered the obnoxious Trina with love while treating the nation’s leading researcher like dirt.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 152
Chapter 152 
Marcella knew the Shepards would eventually regret mistreating, Bonnie and disowning, her. 
However, Marcella needed to do something first. Although she felt a little nervous, she knocked on Bonnie’s door. 
“Come in,” Bonnie sald lightly. She felt a little guilty and could barely find her voice. Still, she raised her brow and asked, “Are you here to talk about Trina?” 
Marcella’s eyes widened. “How’d you know?” 
“It was just a wild guess. 
Marcella stared at Bonnie unblinkingly. ‘No wonder they say she has an extraordinary mind.” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bonita!” Marcella bowed to show Bonnie her sincerity. “I shouldn’t have sided with Trina and told her where you were. I must tell you that I only helped her because we’re in the same college club. 
“I did it because Trina said she wanted to work in your research institute. It just so happened that you got admitted to this hospital, and I thought I could tell her where your ward was. I admit she gifted. me something for that information. 
“Oh, that reminds me! I returned the Chanel handbag she gave me. Please don’t hate me, Bonita. Marcella was on the brink of tears. 
Ms. 
Bonnie approached Marcella and said, “I know all about Trina’s tricks. She has a knack for exploiting people and manipulating them into thanking her for it. You were merely one of her pawns. Don’t worry. I won’t hold it against you.” 
Marcella felt a weight lift off her shoulders. As she was about to sigh, Bonnie said, “Still, I said nothing about letting you off the hook just yet. After all, you sold me out.” 
The nurse paled as Bonnie smirked and said, “Your punishment is to take a stroll with me.” 
Marcella finally shed a tehr. 
‘Gosh, I didn’t know how mischievous Ms. Bonnie could be. I wonder if she noticed my tears.” 
“One more thing. Stop calling me Ms. Bonita. Bonnie is fine.” 
A black Maybach pulled over at the hospital entrance. Ivor helped a gray–haired old lady out of the car, saying, “Watch your steps, Grandma.” 
The old woman grinned. “I can’t walk like I used to, but I can see well enough. I may look old, but my eyes are as sharp as a hawk’s.” 
“I made an appointment with a top specialist for you, Grandma. He has a ton of clinical experience in treating your knee osteoarthritis. Trust me, your legs will be back to normal in no time.” 
Chapter 152 
2/2 
Sighing, Winnie responded, “Oh, stop trying to make me feel better. I’ve heard the same thing countless times. All the doctors you found for me were top specialists who had years of clinical experience, but it all ends the same way. 
“For the record, I’m not grumbling about them not being good at their jobs, but my osteoarthritis is simply too severe. I don’t think anyone can cure it.” 
“Nonsense. You’ll get better,” Ivor said as he helped his grandmother into the hospital. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 153
Chapter 153 
Suddenly, Winnie exclaimed, “Hey, that young lady looks familiar!” 
Although Ivor was slightly absent–minded, what his grandmother said next caught his full attention. Winnie added, “Why does she look so much like your fiance?” 
Ivor shot his gaze toward the young lady, and sure enough, it was Bonnie. However, he wondered why she would be in a patient’s gown. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie could sense someone’s intense stare. When she turned to look and saw who it was, she quickly whipped her head back and fled. 
“Ms. Bonita–Ahem, I mean Bonnie. What’s wrong? I thought you said you wanted to go for a stroll. Are you feeling dizzy or something? Is it your head injury?” Marcella chased after Bonnie, worried. 
At that moment, Ivor looked at Floyd standing beside him and ordered, “Look after my grandma, will you?” 
“Of course, Mr. Ivor.” 
Ivor chased after Bonnie and managed to stop her with ease. The latter’s lips twitched as she said helplessly, “Fancy bumping into you here.” 
Ivor was tense as he glanced at the bandage around her head. “You’re hurt! What happened?!” 
“Well, I-” 
“Don’t even think about telling me you bumped your head while you were out with your friends last night!” 
Bonnie smiled awkwardly in response while Ivor stared into her eyes. He then pursed his lips, looking skeptical. Meanwhile, Marcella looked back and forth between the two as the gossiper in her was 
about to rear its head. 
A brief moment later, Ivor broke the silence by asking, “Are you hurt because you went racing last. night?” 
Bonnie instantly looked up at him with apparent unease in her eyes. 
“I knew it was you!” Ivor grabbed her shoulders. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner? You should’ve told me you were Windbreaker. You knew I was joining the Lenfield Resort race, too! You’re my fiance, for crying out loud. Why would you represent Tang Fusion Studios instead? 
“How close are you with Hamish? Why would you rather help an outsider instead? Or am I the outsider as far as you’re concerned?!” Ivor became increasingly aggressive as he spoke. Anyone could tell he was jealous. 
‘Oh my gosh! I can’t believe Ms. Bonita is engaged! If this gets out, it’ll shake all of Pyralis.‘ 
Marcella scrutinized Ivor’s handsome face and thought about how influential he was to the city. She 
Chapter 153 
2/2 
could not help but recall what Trina told her earlier. 
“Trina a 
Bonnie of having an old sugar daddy. If only she could see who Bonnie’s real sugar daddy was. Trina would’ve smacked her forehead so hard that she’d get a concussion.‘ 
Bonnie pried Ivor’s hands off her shoulders and said, “Firstly, I appreciate your genuine concern for me. I’ve been meaning to tell you that our engagement has ended. I’ll move out of your place as soon as I find a place to stay. 
“Also, Hamish and I aren’t dating or anything. He’s in the prime of his life and still single. If a false rumor spreads that we’re dating, how’s he supposed to find himself a girlfriend?” 
Although it was a brief explanation, it was more than enough to appease Ivor. His cold expression softened as he asked, “So, you two aren’t together?” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes while Ivor grinned. Now that he was in a pleasant mood, not even her eye- rolling could bother him. Instead, he thought it was adorable. “I love it when you explain yourself to 
me.” 
‘Jeez! I don’t ever want to roll my eyes again.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 154
Chapter 154 
“With that said…” Ivor’s smile disappeared as he turned solemn again. “I’m not happy that you got hurt for Hamish.” 
Bonnie palmed her forehead and grumbled, “How about I get hurt for you next time? Will that make you feel better?” 
“Not at all.” Ivor furrowed his brows and accentuated each word, “I. Forbid you. From getting hurt. 
For me.” 
Suddenly, Bonnie felt something stir in her heart. It was calm before, but it felt as if it had almost skipped a beat. Even so, she quickly regained her composure. 
Ivor smiled again and looked at her with pride. “I’m glad you’re my fiancee. You’re just talented in many ways, which begs another question. What other tricks do you have up your sleeves? I wish I could see all your wonderful talents.” 
Bonnie only looked at him casually and said nothing. 
Ivor continued. “Anyway, Ged is a huge fan of yours. He might lose it if he ever finds out you’re 
Windbreaker.” 
At that moment, Floyd approached with Winnie. Ivor said, “Didn’t I tell you to stay where you were and look after Grandma? She has trouble walking. Why’d you bring her here?” 
Floyd began to sweat bullets after being questioned by Ivor. 
“Don’t take it out on poor Floyd. I asked him to bring me here.” Winnie looked at Bonnie and her grandson with a grin. “I just wanted to talk to my future granddaughter–in–law. Do you have a problem with that, Ivor?” 
Bonnie politely greeted the older woman, “Hello, Grandma Winnie.” 
“Since you’re Ivor’s fiancee, that makes you part of the family. You can just call me Grandma. 
“Well, we’re actually-“Bonnie was about to explain everything when Ivor cut her off. 
“Grandma’s right. Hurry up and call her Grandma, honey.” 
‘Honey?‘ Bonnie felt a shiver down her spine when he addressed her so intimately. Bonnie glanced at Winnie’s legs and her less–than–ideal health. The former quickly understood why Ivor interrupted 
her just now. 
“Hi, Grandma.” 
“Attagirl!” Winnie lit up. 
‘I knew it. Bonnie’s so thoughtful,‘ Ivor thought. 
He checked the time and said, “We’re going to be late for our appointment, Grandma. Let’s j 
get 
Chapter 154 
your feet checked out.” 
“Okay, let’s go.” 
However, Bonnie looked at Winnie’s knees, crouched, and began to rub and squeeze them. 
Ivor and his grandmother were bewildered. A moment later, Bonnie looked up and said, “Have the osteoarthritis been bothering you for some twenty–odd years?” 
Winnie was surprised. “That’s right! Now that I think about it, it has been over two decades. How’d you know that?” 
“I squeezed your knee earlier. That’s how I concluded my diagnosis.” Bonnie responded casually. 
“Do you have medical knowledge as well?” Ivor was stunned. 
“Just a little,” she said humbly. 
“You 
gave me a good scare there. I almost thought you were a licensed medical practitioner. That would’ve made you a prodigy. I guess you’re right. What are the odds that you know everything from playing chess and tea brewing to car racing and medicine?” 
At least, he had fully believed it for a moment there. 
However, Bonnie’s response made him think twice. He thought there was no way she knew much about medical expertise. Aside from what Ivor mentioned, Bonnie was also adept at floral arrangements, fixing cars, and more. 
He thought it was a stretch for someone to have so many gifts. Moreover, one would need years of practice and an accumulation of clinical experiences to acquire such medical expertise. Bluntly put, the older a doctor was, the better they were at their job. 
‘Bonnie’s only twenty, and her adult life has barely begun. There’s no way she could have practiced and accumulated much clinical experience.” 
While Ivor was in his thoughts, Bonnie said, “Let’s give it a shot. I’m pretty confident I can treat Grandma’s osteoarthritis.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 155
Chapter 155 
“Um…” Winnie felt hesitant while Ivor furrowed his brows and asked, “Are you 
sure?” 
Bonnie could guess they did not exactly trust her. She had expected them to react that way since her patients typically had the same expression when they saw how young she was. “It was just a joke. You’ve made an appointment with a doctor, right? Hurry, or you’ll miss it.” 
Ivor and Winnie sighed in relief. They were worried as they considered how to turn her down. 
“I’ll get a move on then.” Ivor waved at Bonnie smilingly. 
“Okay. Go on.” 
After that, he took his grandma away to see the top specialist. Half an hour later, the specialist shook his head. 
“It has gone on for too long, Ms. Winnie. If you had found me a couple of years ago, we might stand a chance at treating your osteoarthritis.” 
“Is there nothing we can do, doc?” Ivor asked. 
The specialist shook his head again. “I believe you’ve visited plenty of doctors and specialists. Your grandmother’s osteoarthritis is severe. Honestly, even if you came to me a couple of years back, all I could’ve done was treat the symptoms. I wouldn’t have gotten to the root of her condition. 
“However, your grandmother has taken so much of both traditional and modern medicines over the years. None of the prescriptions I give her will do her much good…” He was in the middle of his speech when something occurred to him, “Unless…” 
“What is it, doc?” 
The specialist’s eyes flickered. “Talk about a miracle. I had the fortune of seeing a miracle doctor at work. Now, I’m not claiming she brought someone back to life or anything, but she did cure at 
terminal illness.” 
“Do miracle doctors exist? What happened exactly? Please, give us the details, Dr. Zebulon.” Winnie 
was curious. 
Zebulon nodded. “The patient was born a disabled person. He has been in a wheelchair for more than two decades. Like you, his family took him to visit many doctors and specialists, but none did him any 
good. 
“They were about to give up when they found me and my colleagues. At that point, they didn’t care what kind of medical approach we took as long as we could cure him. We all examined the patient, and we were sure no one could’ve cured his legs. 
“That was when the miracle doctor showed up. All she did was rub and squeeze his feet. Still, she came up with her own diagnosis. She then pulled out a gilded needle and began puncturing his feet. 
“Here comes the embarrassing part of the story. For me, anyway. All of us, myself included, smirked and teased the miracle doctor. We thought she was a swindler because we thought it wasn’t possible to treat his feet. 
“About an hour later, we witnessed a miracle. The miracle doctor used a reflex hammer to knock on his knees, and they reacted to the stimuli. Don’t you find that amazing? Perhaps it’s downright miraculous.” 
“Did the patient stand up after that?” Winnie asked hurriedly. 
That got Zebulon excited. “Didn’t I just say it’s a miracle? Of course, he stood up. All it took was three months‘ treatment, and he could even walk with a cane! It was nothing short of mind–blowing! 
“That’s not all. Rumor has it that the miracle doctor saved many a soul. I can’t verify what I’m about to say, but I heard that the owner of SR League hired her to treat his mother.” 
“SR League?” Ivor murmured. 
Floyd looked at Ivor at the mention of the SR League, and both were thinking the same thing. They had investigated Tim’s history and found that he was clean. There was nothing extraordinary about him. However, they thought his history was too clean. 
They continued to investigate him for a long time, but nothing came up. That was when they suspected that the SR League was involved in it. After all, the only one who could do something like this was them. 
“Do you have a way of getting in touch with the miracle doctor?” Winnie asked, clearly intrigued. 
“I’m just a nobody. How am I supposed to have a way to contact her? Don’t be discouraged, though. Remember what I just said? She treated the mother of the SR League’s owner. 
“Perhaps you guys could post a quest there and ask for the miracle doctor’s whereabouts. If you have a high enough reward, you have a good chance of tracking her down.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 156
Chapter 156 
“That’s an excellent point.” Winifred looked at her grandson. “Make sure you get it done, Ivor. Osteoarthritis is no joke. Every time it starts acting up, I feel like chopping my feet off.” 
“Leave it to me, Grandma. I’ll have Floyd do it now.” He responded. 
Soon after, Bonnie received an overseas phone call. “Hello? What can I do for you, William?” 
Then, she heard her voice outside the door and looked toward It. Suddenly, someone opened the door, and a stunning man with blonde hair and blue eyes entered. There was even music with his entry, not to mention the party crackers. 
“Aren’t you surprised and delighted to see me, Bonnie?” 
She was about to say something, but he put a finger to his lips and said, “Shush!” 
Then, he winked at her flirtatiously. “I know, I know. You miss me terribly and feel moved that I’m here. Well, it’s only right that I give you a big, sloppy kiss!” 
He spread his arms, puckered up, and approached her. 
“Jim!” Bonnie screamed. 
Jim leaped in through the window and kicked William, who stopped moving. It was a good thing he did it because he was an inch away from Jim’s boot. Then, William pitifully looked at Bonnie, who was more than willing to keep him at a safe distance. 
“Every damn time.‘ 
Π 
However, William smiled wickedly. “Good thing I came prepared this time.” 
He clapped and said, “Show yourself, Jacques.” 
A six–foot–five burly man entered the ward. He was even taller than Jim. William looked at Jacques and grinned, asking, “You always wanted to spar with Master Jim of Arvandor, right? Here he is, in the flesh. You have my permission to fight him now.” 
“Right away, sir!” Jacques cracked his knuckles, his eyes full of anticipation. 
William glanced at Jim and said, “Jacques is the most formidable fighter in the SR League. I’m sure he won’t disappoint you, Master Jim.” 
Jim looked at the approaching Jacques with surprise. “So, you’re the strongest man in SR League, huh?” 
He had heard about Jacques and also wanted to spar with him. However, not only was Jacques the most formidable fighter in the SR League, but he was also William’s bodyguard. 
That meant Jacques was always following his master around, protecting him. That was why the two never had the chance to spar. Now that Jacques was here, that must have meant the man with blonde 
Chanter 156 
hair and blue eyes was the owner of the SR League. 
Jim turned to Bonnie and realized she used to tell him that she knew the owner. It confirmed Jim’s assumptions. 
“Please, Master Jim.” Jacques could barely contain his excitement. 
“I’m sorry, but my mission is to keep her safe. I’ll take a rain check.” “Well, don’t mind me!” Jacques raised his fist and swung it at Jim. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 157
Chapter 157 
Jim could only spar with Jacques. Meanwhile, William smiled at Bonnie, saying, “No one will get in our way now, Bonnie. Now, where were we?” 
He opened his arms again, puckered up, and dashed toward her. “Give me a smooch!” 
He pulled Bonnie’s blanket off, and she motioned to fend him off, but someone grabbed the back of his collar. 
“Who dares interrupt me?” William turned and saw a man who was equally as handsome as him. Immediately after, he recognized the man as Bonnie’s fiance and the CEO of the Knight Group. 
Even Bonnie was surprised to see lvor. “What are you doing here?” 
A hint of coldness flashed in Ivor’s eyes as he said, “It’s a good thing I came over. Otherwise, he would’ve taken advantage of you.” 
“Where’s your grandma?” She tried to change the topic. 
“I got her admitted.” 
“How’s her legs? 
“Um, hey…” William shrugged and turned back. “Can you please let me go before you chat with her, Ivor?” 
“Do you 
know me?” Ivor asked as he looked at William up and down. The man looked so elegant and dashing that he felt threatened. 
“Of course. You’re Bonnie’s fiance. Well, ex–fiance, might I add. I’m the man who’s hopelessly in love with Bonnie and has been trying to win her heart. So, why is it a surprise that I know you?” William said smilingly. 
Ivor squinted but said nothing. William kept his smile up and stared at Ivor. On the other hand, Bonnie tucked in her blanket and said, “If you guys love staring at each other so much, do it outside. I 
need to take some rest.” 
Meanwhile, Jim and Jacques were still fighting. 
Crash! 
One of them broke the television. 
Thud! 
The water dispenser fell, and its contents spilled onto the floor. Bonnie rubbed her temples and said, annoyed, “You two, fight outside! Wait, clean your mess before you leave.” 
Jim and Jacques took several steps back from each other and ended the fight. Ivor let go of William and approached Bonnie. She looked at Ivor, and her eyelid twitched. 
Chapter 157 
‘He loves getting jealous at the best of times. Judging from his stance, he’s about to have another episode.‘ 
She was in the middle of her thoughts when he smiled charmingly at her and sald warmly, “What would you like for lunch? I’ll ask the kitchen to prepare your favorite food.‘ 
He was not acting like himself at all, which caught Bonnie off–guard. All she could do was look at him in puzzlement. Ivor kept smiling while he removed his coat and put it on her. “Here, don’t catch a cold.” 
Bonnie stared at the coat, which was already around her, and thought, ‘What’s he trying to do?” 
Although William was still smiling, there was a trace of coldness behind it. “You’re no longer Bonnie’s fiance, Ivor. Isn’t it a little inappropriate for you to act like that?” 
Ivor met Willam’s gaze and casually said, “She doesn’t have a problem with it, does she? You’re just an outsider. What makes you think you can question me?” 
“Wow, you’re aggressive. I’m scared.” 
“We’re rivals, after all. Isn’t it normal for me to be aggressive toward you? Am I supposed to be a softy instead?” 
The two glared at each other while Bonnie shifted glances between them. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 158
Chapter 158 
A moment later, Ivor and William turned to look at Bonnie. Although they said nothing, Bonnie felt pressured. She thought it would be easier to research the latest nanomaterials than to deal with them. 
“Guys, I need to rest. Please give me some space.” Bonnie then lay down and snuck under the blanket. 
“I came all this way just to see you, Bonnie. You can’t ignore me like this,” William said, looking pitiful and aggrieved. 
Meanwhile, Ivor turned to Floyd and said, “We’re leaving to let Bonnie rest. She’s a patient, after all.” 
He raised a brow at William. The latter met Ivor’s gaze and understood his meaning. However, William thought Ivor was trying to outdo him by hinting that he was a thoughtful fiance who cared about Bonnie while William was just bugging her. 
“Jacques, we’re leaving, too.” 
“Jacques?” Floyd turned and glanced at the tall and dark–skinned burly man. 
Sensing Floyd’s shock, Ivor asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Floyd looked at Jacques and then at Jim, who was closing the door. Then, Floyd’s eyes widened. “Th- that’s Jacques, Mr. Ivor! He’s the most formidable fighter in the SR League!” 
“How did you figure that out?” 
“I saw him holding his own against Master Jim just now. It made me wonder who he was. It turns out he’s the top fighter in the league. That’s the only explanation that makes sense.” 
Ivor looked at Jacques before turning to William. Pure wisdom flickered in his eyes. “That means the man over there is one of the people in the league.” 
“Jacques has been pretty respectful to him. I guess he’s one of the top brass in the league.” Floyd took 
a guess. 
Ivor rubbed his chin and said, “Say, what are the chances that he’s the owner of the SR League?” 
Floyd’s eyes widened again. “S–Seriously? What are the odds?” 
Dr. Zebulon told them that the miracle doctor saved the mother of the owner of the SR League. 
‘What are the odds that we ran into the owner of the league before we even had the chance to post the request?‘ 
“I–If you’re right, then how does Ms. Bonnie know them?” Floyd scratched the back of his head, thinking the whole thing was convoluted. He did not think he had the brain capacity to process 
everything. 
Ivor glanced at the door before peering at William, who was leaving. The light in his eyes flickered as his mind spun. 
“There’s one more puzzling thing,” Floyd said, “I know Ms. Bonnie saved Master Jim’s life, but he was just showing up around her far too frequently. 
“Remember that he’s Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. Shouldn’t he be around Ms. Bonita at all times to keep her safe? With that in mind, there can only be one explanation.” 
“Which is?” Ivor was pondering the same thing. 
“Master Jim’s in love with Ms. Bonnie!” Floyd gasped. 
Ivor had nothing to add because he knew they were thinking about different things. He said, “That’s… impossible.” 
However, Floyd was confused. “How so? I think he may be in love with her.” 
“Master Jim cares about Bonnie, but he doesn’t love her the way you think,” Ivor said confidently. 
“How can you tell, Mr. Ivor?” 
“I know who my love rivals are. You wouldn’t get it.” 
Floyd remained quiet. 
‘It isn’t my fault I’m single.” 
Meanwhile, Bonnie received a text from William as she lay in her hospital bed. “Someone posted a 
request asking for your help to treat a patient.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 159
Chapter 159 
“What’s the diagnosis?” 
“Osteoarthritis in the knees. It’s been bugging the patient for more than two decades.” 
‘Osteoarthritis? What are the chances? Ivor’s grandma has osteoarthritis in the knees, too,‘ Bonnie thought as she received another text from Willam. 
“Guess who posted the request?” 
Bonnie sat upright and pondered for a moment before replying, “Was it Ivor?” 
William was stunned. “How’d you know that? Can you predict the future?” 
She composed her reply and sent it. “You have one guess.” 
‘So, it was Ivor. That means the specialist couldn’t cure Winnie’s legs.‘ 
Immediately after, Willam called, “Why don’t you turn down the request since you’re injured? Just put a pin in it and call it a day.” 
Bonnie asked curiously, “How much is the reward for his request?” 
“A billion dollars. Come on, Bonnie. You can’t neglect your health for money. If that’s what you need, I can give you a billion dollars, too. Hell, I’ll even give you hundreds of billions. Scratch that. I’ll be more than happy to give you SR League if you’ll marry me!” 
Bonnie clicked her tongue and said, “Ivor put up a billion dollars? Wow, that’s a waste.” 
“Hey, were you listening to me? I just proposed to you. Consider SR League your wedding gift. I really 
“I have something to attend to. I’ll talk to you later.” 
“H–Hello?” 
‘How heartless. Just the way I like it.‘ 
Bonnie pondered as she looked out the window, ‘What should I do? Should I confess to Ivor that I’m the one who cured William’s mother? I can’t do that. That’s not the right way to do it. I’ve never told anyone I practice medicine. 
‘I didn’t want patients lining up at my doorstep, asking me to treat them every day. I’m not boasting, but people would literally crash through my gate if they knew how good I am in treating illnesses.‘ 
The following day, Bonnie visited Winnie’s ward. “Hey, Grandma, is Ivor here?” 
Winifred grinned and said, “Do you miss him? I’ll call and tell him to come here right away. 
Bonnie cleared her throat awkwardly. She could feel herself blushing. “Th–that’s not what I meant, 
Chapter 159 
Grandma. I was just asking because I don’t see him around.” 
However, Winnie did not believe her and proceeded to dial Ivor’s number. Bonnie added hastily, Maybe we shouldn’t distract him from work. I heard from Floyd that he has an important meeting in the company today.” 
Now that she put it that way, even Winnie thought it was better not to call. Instead, she told Bonnie, There are plenty of fruits in the basket. Would you like anything? Here, I’ll get some for you.” 
Winnie got off the bed, eager to take the fruits for her. Suddenly, a sharp pain shot through her legs. It was so excruciating that she grimaced. “Ouch… My knees.” 
“Let me help you to your bed, Grandma.” Bonnie held the older woman’s arms and helped her over. 
Winnie’s complexion was utterly pale at that moment. “Damn, these old legs. I wish I could chop them off. It’s blindingly painful whenever they act up.” 
Bonnie held Winnie’s legs and said, “Here, let me massage them for you.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 160
Chapter 160 
“That won’t be necessary. You can hire a masseur, but it wouldn’t do much good. I’d say my legs are beyond repair.” Winnie was still in the middle of her sentence when she realized something. The aching and swelling slowly diminished when Bonnie started massaging her legs. 
“Huh, would you look at that? You’re good with your hands, Bonnie. You’re better than a masseur. You’ve barely massaged them for a minute, but I’m feeling much more comfortable already.” 
“That’s great. I’ll just keep massaging for now, I can administer acupuncture to you if you’re okay with that.” 
“Acupuncture?” Winnie asked. 
“Mhm.” 
Winnie frowned and fell into deep thought. 
‘It seems I underestimated this girl a little. I never thought she’d have some knowledge of the human body. I’m feeling much better after just a minute of her massage. Even so, acupuncture is another 
thing. 
“Massage doesn’t require the use of a needle and knowledge of vital points in the human body. Acupuncture is a different deal altogether. It’s not that I don’t trust Bonnie. I just fear suffering even more if she makes a mistake.‘ 
“The massage will do for now, dear. I’ll take a rain check on the acupuncture.” Winnie did not want to upset Bonnie, so she added. “The truth is that Ivor is looking for a so–called miracle doctor for me.” 
Bonnie asked hesitantly, “Are you talking about the person who treated the mother of the owner of the SR League?” 
Initially, Winnie was surprised that Bonnie knew about it. Then, she thought maybe Ivor had told her about it. “Yeah. That’s the miracle doctor I’m talking about.” 
Bonnie stood up and looked at Winne solemnly, saying, “Here’s something you don’t know. I’m the 
one who treated that woman.” 
Winnie’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Bonnie had expected that of Winnie. After all, it was a pretty amazing secret. 
“Pfft… Hahaha!” The older woman laughed heartily. “Oh, sweetie. You surprise me at every corner! You always look so severe whenever I see you. I thought you didn’t even seem like a twenty–year–old girl. I can honestly say I know you better now. I didn’t know you could be so humorous.” 
“I’m not joking, Grandma,” Bonnie responded. 
Winnie held Bonnie’s hands and said, “I know you said that to make me laugh. I know how cold and distant you are. Still, you’re willing to put down your pride and make me laugh. That shows me how 
Chapter 160 
2/2 
kind–hearted you are. Ivor’s a lucky man! It’s wonderful that you’ll be his wife someday.” 
Bonnie remained quiet, wondering what she should say now since Winnie did not believe her. Initially, the former thought she would tell Ivor if Winnie did not belleve her. However, Bonnie was pretty sure Ivor would react the same way, considering his grandmother’s reaction. 
Then, Bonnie received another text from William. “I’m still waiting for your reply. Are you going to accept the request? If you don’t reply within a minute, I’ll tell Ivor you turned it down.” 
He would prefer it if Bonnie rejected Ivor and even began counting down the time. As he was about to hit the one–minute mark, Bonnie replied, “I’ll accept it.” 
William pouted and grumbled, “Ivor is such a pain in the a***!” 
Simultaneously, Ivor received a reply from the SR League. 
Since Bonnie would need to treat Winnie a week later, she needed time to gather the herbal materials. Besides that, there was the Lenfield Resort race, Bonnie also needed to gather her wits and conserve her energy to win the race. 
“Sheffyn Entertainment, the Sheffyns, Xavier, and Vulture…” Bonnie mumbled and drifted into deep thought. 
‘Just you guys wait. I won’t allow you despicable wretches to get your way. 
In the blink of an eye, it was weekend. She had changed into a racing suit, but Ivor blocked her off at the villa entrance, saying, “You can’t go.” 
Ged stood at the side, curious how things would unfold. Glancing at the lovey–dovey couple, he thought, ‘Never in my wildest dream did I imagine Bonnie was Windbreaker!‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 161
Chapter 161 
Ged had his big reaction last night after learning that Bonnie was Windbreaker. However, he could not help but feel a lingering shock. 
Bonnie palmed her forehead and said, “I’m all better now, you know.” 
Ivor tensed. “Is that why you can’t wait to tear yourself a new one?” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched. “I was careless last time and got hurt. I didn’t expect the Sheffyns to be so cunning and shameless. Still, I won’t fall for the same trick twice.” 
“Well, I’m sorry, but I won’t let you go.” Ivor continued to stand in her way. 
Bonnie checked the time and realized the race was about to start. She could not afford to waste more time with Ivor, saying, “You might not know me well, but no one can change my mind once I’ve decided something. That’s just my nature.” 
Ivor was helpless. “Why do you think I don’t know you well?” 
“If you did, you wouldn’t have stood in my way.” Bonnie insinuated that his actions were proof that he indeed did not know her well. 
While Ivor did not know how to respond, Ged shook his head and thought, ‘Bonnie might be the only person in the world who can make Ivor yield. She’s got him wrapped around her finger.‘ 
“Do you have to go?” Ivor looked at Bonnie intensely. 
“How else will I get my revenge on them?” Bonnie had never held her grudge for more than a day. This time, she had waited for a whole week. Understandably, she could not wait to wipe the floor with Xavier and Vulture. 
“I can avenge you. 
“Thanks, but no thanks. I prefer to avenge myself. It feels best that way. Wouldn’t you agree?” 
Ivor had to give it to her. He wholeheartedly agreed with that sentiment..“All right. You can go, but I have a condition.” 
“What is it?” She asked, confused. Then, it hit her. “Are you going to ask me to marry you?” 
His eyes glinted at that. “There’s an idea.” 
She gave him a dirty look and responded. “What exactly is the condition? Quickly, time’s running short, and I need to be there as soon as possible. I promised Hamish I’d do it. He also paid me to do 
this. It’d ruin my reputation if I’m late. He’ll get worried if he waits for too long.” 
“Go ahead, then. As for the condition… I’ll tell you about it when this blows over.” 
“Fine, but I’m not going to agree to it if you want me to marry you.” 
“Don’t worry. It’ll be something you’ll agree with.” 
Chapter 16 
The couple talked while going to their cars. Ged realized they were leaving and caught up to them. You guys are the worst! You can’t just leave me behind! Walt up!” 
he 
About forty minutes later, Bonnie arrived at the racing venue. The moment Hamish saw her car, dashed right over. “Geez, Bonnie! Didn’t I tell you not to come? It’s just a race for the development rights to Lenfield Resort. 
“Your life is worth way more than this. What am I supposed to do if something bad happens to you? What am I supposed to do with Tang 
“Ahem!” Bonnie cleared her throat and cut him off. 
Hamish overlooked Ivor until Bonnie hinted at him. After looking over, Hamish saw Ivor sitting in the passenger seat with Ged in the backseat. 
Ivor looked at Bonnie and Hamish, saying, “I didn’t know you guys were this close. You two certainly seem a lot closer than just having a business relationship.” 
“Yeah. We’re friends, after all. We go way back.” She said this to set up a precedent so Ivor would not ask too many questions later. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 162
Chapter 162 
“That’s the gist of it,” Bonnie added 
As expected, Ivor did not ask any more follow–up questions. Meanwhile, Floyd walked over and told Ivor, “Yosef ran into some trouble, sir.” 
“Yosef? Is that the racer the Knights hired?” She asked. 
“Mhm, I’ll check on him first.” Ivor opened the car door and got out. 
“Wait for me, Mr. Ivor.” 
Xavier, who was standing nearby, was puzzled as he looked at them. “That’s weird. Ivor just came out of Windbreaker’s car.” 
Gibren also noticed it, saying, “Ivor’s probably trying to poach her.” 
“That’s possible.” Xavier nodded in approval. “From the looks of it, he failed.” 
“Hamish works for Tang Fusion Studios. The company was founded recently, but it’s still pretty formidable. To this day, we still haven’t found out who the actual owner is. 
“That alone proves there’s more than meets the eye regarding Tang Fusion Studios. If Ivor is counting on poaching Windbreaker, he’ll have a hard time doing it.” Gibren voiced his analysis. 
“You make some fine points. If it were that easy, I would’ve poached Windbreaker myself. 
“You would’ve had better luck if you did it much earlier. You almost got Windbreaker killed in the previous race. It doesn’t matter how much money or benefits you offer her. I just don’t think you’ll succeed.” Gibren grew solemn. 
+ 
Xavier looked at Bonnie’s car menacingly and said, “If I can’t have her, no one will.” 
Gibren glanced sidelong at Xavier. “Are you going to ask Vulture to do it?” 
Xavier smirked. “You’ve always called me Hades incarnate, right? Well, if Hades wants someone to go to the underworld, then there’s no escaping his call.” 
“You say that, but…” Gibren grew worried. “…It looks like Hamish cares a lot about Windbreaker. From what I see, they’re extremely close. You’re in for big trouble if they turn out to be a couple.” 
“You’re overanalyzing it. I know Hamish treats Windbreaker well, but that’s far from being a couple. Even if they are, I won’t be responsible for Vulture’s actions, assuming he messes it up. Do you honestly think Hamish will go against me for a racer?” Xavier was confident. 
He then turned and looked into the crowd. Although countless people had come to watch the race, managed to track down a tall and burly man who had been staring at him. 
he 
“Huh? Do you think that man looks familiar?” 
“Who are you talking about?” Gibren followed Xavier’s gaze and looked at the six–foot–tall man.” 
“He 
Chapter 162 
does look familiar.” 
“Aha!” Xavier finally recognized the man. “That’s Jim Ryan!” 
“You’re right. That is him!” Gibren was genuinely surprised, too. 
“Come on, let’s greet him.” 
Soon after, Xavier approached Jim and smiled before extending his hand. “Fancy bumping into you here, Master Jim. What are the chances?” 
Jim glanced at Xavier’s hand but did not shake it. Instead, he warned, “I don’t care if it’s the Olsons‘ doing, but if Windbreaker so much as scratches herself in this race, I’ll hold you guys responsible for 
it!” 
Xavier withdrew his hand slowly. It took him several seconds to find his voice. “Who is Windbreaker to you, Master Jim?” 
“Mind your business. All you have to do is remember what I said,” Jim responded coldly. That was when he saw the race director waving and making hand gestures to signify the race was about to start. 
Xavier did not know what had just happened, but he knew Jim Ryan was the King of Combat and Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. The former could not afford to cross someone like Jim. With that, Xavier decided to give Vulture the signal to call off their plans. 
However, he saw Ivor running to Windbreaker’s car and getting into the passenger seat. 
*Is Ivor planning to ride with her?‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 163
Chapter 163 
Bonnie stared at Ivor as he sat in the passenger seat. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” 
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m going to ride along with you.” Ivor said matter–of–factly. 
“A ride along? What the hell do you think this is?” 
Ivor smiled charmingly and said, “A fiance should brave the storm with his fiancee. After all, their fates are tied in an unbreakable bond. That’s what I think. 
Bonnie’s heart almost leaped into her throat. She stared at him for a good while, thinking, ‘I don’t even know where to start with him.‘ 
The race director came over and said, “Excuse me, are you riding along with her, Mr. Ivor?” 
“Yes, and do you have a problem with that?” Ivor responded coldly. 
The race director felt sweat drip down his forehead when he saw Ivor’s cold expression. The former did not want to talk to Ivor initially. However, he had received bribes from Xavier to do it. 
“Th–that’s against the rules, Mr. Ivor.” 
Ivor’s eyes glinted with a menacing light. “Do you think I’m an idiot? Do I look like I’m unfamiliar with the rules? As far as I know, nothing prohibits ride–alongs.” 
The director was at a loss. He did not think Ivor would have read the rulebook, let alone remember the rules. “Um, here’s the thing, Mr. Ivor. You’re too influential to have on a ride–along. It’s dangerous for you to be a passenger during a race.” 
Ivor turned and saw Xavier and his gang. The former said, “There won’t be any danger unless someone tampers with the race.” 
t 
Immediately after, the racers and their bosses who conspired against Windbreaker lowered their heads, considering the consequences of their actions. They did not care if anything happened to Windbreaker. After all, it would not affect them. 
However, no one could risk offending the Knight family if anything happened to Ivor. 
Xavier turned to Gibren and said, “How are Ivor and Windbreaker connected?” 
Gibren shrugged, wanting to know the answer to that, too. First was Hamish, and then Jim, and now even Ivor backed Windbreaker up. Gibren began to suspect there was something more to Windbreaker’s identity than it seemed. 
Either way, no one dared to conspire against her now. 
Soon after, the flagwoman went to the track and waved the flag to start the race. 
Bonnie intentionally tailgated Vultiure, and Ivor could guess what she was trying to do. He said, Don’t do anything rash. It’s dangerous.” 
Chapter 163 
Bonnie raised her brow and responded wickedly, “Anyone who messes with me will get it I told you what I’d do. I also told you to get out of the car, but you wouldn’t listen. Are you scared now?” 
“I don’t care what happens to me. I’m just worried about you hurting yourself again.“Ivor frowned 
Bonnie cocked her head and looked at Ivor. When she saw the genuine worry in his expression, she quickly returned her gaze to the track “Things are about to get real. Hold on to something” 
Ivor felt a tug at his heartstrings when he thought about how timidly she turned away just now. He thought it was adorable. “All right, I believe in your driving skills 
Bonnie pondered his words and subconsciously thought there was another meaning to his words. Even so, she did not have time to think about the warm, fuzzy stuff. 
Here comes the turn.” 
She stepped on the gas and swerved the steering wheel. The engine roared, and her car surged forward. Her car then came shoulder to shoulder with Vulture’s car. At that moment, the crowd gasped as they focused on the big screen. 
Jim’s heart almost leaped out of his throat. He had already contacted the security team, which had a whopping one thousand personnel. They waited in hidden positions, ready to spring into action at moment’s notice. 
He swore not to let any of the Olsons escape if anything happened to Bonnie. 
Xavier frowned and said, “What’s Windbreaker doing? 
Gibren quickly saw through her tactics, saying, “It looks like she’s trying to give Vulture a taste of his own medicine.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 164
Chapter 164 
Xavier chuckled and said, “What a vengeful maniac.” 
“Well, they don’t call Windbreaker the Racing Lunatic for nothing.” Gibren did not even remember that fact until now. Even Xavier had forgotten about that nickname until Gibren mentioned it. 
Three years ago, seemingly out of nowhere, Windbreaker appeared and started to race everyone. She had done several crazy stunts, such as tying her hands to the steering wheel during a race, driving with only one hand, and more. 
That was how she received the Racing Lumatle nickname. Afterward, she went under the radar for a couple of years. Everyone had almost forgotten about her nickname. 
Xavier felt regretful when Gibren mentioned that name. 
Screech! 
Bonnie rammed her car into the side of Vulture’s car. The two cars scraped against each other, creating sparks in the process. The crowd gasped once more. 
“Damn, Windbreaker’s out of her mind. Still, I’m loving this!” 
“You said it. The Olsons shouldn’t have messed with Windbreaker last week.” 
“Yeah, they only have themselves to blame. They shouldn’t have tried to pull a fast one over the Racing Lunatic. The Olsons are in for a treat now.” 
“Aren’t any of you curious about what’s going on between Mr. Ivor and Windbreaker? Why’s he sitting in her car?” 
“I don’t know what’s happening between them, but one thing’s for sure. There’s more to it regarding 
them.” 
“Everyone knows that!” 
Vulture did everything he could, but he could not shake Bonnie off. The former cursed, “F*** you, Xavier! There are seven billion people on this planet, but you made me get on this lunatic’s bad side!” 
He was grateful they called off the plan to ram into Windbreaker’s car. Otherwise, he was sure he would be dead by now. Nonetheless, the cars continued to scrape against each other. Then, Bonnie’s eyes lit up, saying, “Don’t you feel alive?!” 
Ivor leaned on the car door and admired Bonnie’s unleashed madness. “I do! I love this!” 
“All right, then. Do you want to see something crazier?!” Bonnie revealed a wicked smile. 
Ivor raised his brow and smirked, saying, “I’d love to.” 
Bonnie felt delighted with his response. She even felt exhilarated that someone was willing to cut 
Chapter 164 
loose and have fun with her. She turned the steering wheel swiftly again and rammed Vulture’s car off the track. 
Crash! 
“Son of a b***!” Vulture did everything he could to swerve the other way. Fortunately, he merely knocked his car into the guardrail at the last possible second. 
He removed his helmet and lowered the car window, watching as Bonnie drove off into the distance at lightning speed. 
‘Her driving skills are immaculate. She knew I’d come out of that unscathed. If someone else had rammed into her car last week, that person would have gotten it worse than me. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie proceeded to step on the gas, looking unruly and unchained. Ivor remained in the passenger seat and continued to stare at her. It was as he had previously thought. The more he learned about his fiancee, the more mysterious she seemed. 
Ivor found it challenging to fathom just how many secrets she had. 
Suddenly, she suggested, “We still have time. Do you want to take a stroll by the coast?” 
“Sure, let’s go.” 
Moments later, Bonnie pulled over by the roadside. Ivor held her hand when she got out of the car. She looked down and asked, “What are you doing?” 
“It’s cold here. You might catch a cold.” 
Bonnie sighed helplessly. “I’m not cold. My blood’s still pumping from all that adrenaline.” 
Ivor looked at her solemnly and said, “Well, I can easily catch a cold. I need some warmth.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 165
Chapter 165 
Bonnie did not know how to respond to Ivor. She thought there was no way he was not joking 
“Really? You might want to get that looked at. It might be an early symptom of bedroom performance, Ivor.” 
Ivor leaned close to her and said s***, “I’ll trust you to check on it, then.” 
Although the cool breeze blew past them, Bonnie’s cheeks reddened. “Hey, I can’t help you if you can’t get it up. You should get it checked at the hospital.” 
“Come on, I thought you said you knew a thing or two about medicine. Here, you can take a look at it now.” Ivor suddenly pulled Bonnie toward him, causing her to panic and withdraw her hand quickly. 
“What do you think you’re doing?!” 
Ivor smiled, saying, “Why are you getting so worked up? I just grabbed your hand because I needed you to check my pulse. Get your mind out of the gutter. 
Bonnie pursed her lips, thinking, ‘He did that on purpose!‘ 
“I shouldn’t have brought you to the coast when it’s just us two.” She turned and left. 
However, Ivor quickly grabbed her hand and pulled her back, causing her to stagger and fall into his chest. Bonnie was stunned before gathering herself and stepping away. She was about to hit him when he let go. 
Ivor apologized sincerely, “I’m sorry for going too far with my jokes.” 
“Do you think an apology will suffice?” 
“What else do you have in mind? You punish me however you see fit.” 
Bonnie was at a loss for a moment before saying, “Let’s head back.” 
“Already? Aren’t we going to take in the coastal view?” 
“I don’t feel like it anymore.” 
Ivor visited Tang Fusion Studios the following day. Hamish even told his employee to brew some tea for Ivor. “To what do I owe the pleasure, Mr. Ivor?” 
Ivor pulled out a checkbook, saying, “Let’s get down to brass tax. I want Lenfield Resort’s 
development rights. You can name any price you see fit.” 
“As I see fit? What if I name a price that far exceeds what Lenfield Resort is worth?” 
“Like I said, name a price.” 
Hamish could tell Ivor was not joking. “I’m curious about something. Lenfield Resort might be 
2/2 
immensely profitable, but you possess several properties that can rake in as much as this resort. However, you seem to like this one more than the others.” 
“Cards on the table, I’m doing it to win my future wife’s heart.” Ivor looked Into Hamish’s eyes, speaking earnestly. 
“Ahem, cough, cough!” Hamish choked on his tea. “You mean Bonnie?” 
“Yeah, that’s her. She’s looking for a place to stay and loves the land Lenfield Resort would inevitably stand on. For the record, I promised I’d give her the best villa there ever was,” 
Hamish was shocked and did not know how to respond for a moment. After gathering his thoughts, he asked, “Did you tell her you were coming here?” 
 
“I want it to be a surprise. I’d appreciate it if you do me this favor, Hamish. Please give me Lenfield Resort’s development rights. I’ll make it worth your while. Additionally, I’ll do everything in my power to lend your company a hand if you ever need me.” 
“Well…” Hamish massaged his temples. “I’m honored Knight Group is willing to collaborate with my company. I’d be happy to sell you the development rights. Still, I’m just the CEO. I’ll have to ask for my chairman’s opinion, too.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 166
Chapter 166 
1/2 
Ivor understood Hamish’s concerns, saying, “Please arrange a meeting with your chairman.” 
However, it only worsened the latter’s headache. Hamish stood up and pulled out his phone. “Give me a minute while I make a phone call.” 
He then left the VIP room and called Bonnie. She had just awoken moments ago and sounded a little husky, “Hello? What’s up?” 
“I have a massive headache right now, Bonnie.” 
“Then, get some sleep. I’m busy and can’t take over your job.” 
Hamish knew Bonnie was about to hang up. So, he hurriedly said, “Your fiance is here asking for the Lenfield Resort’s development rights.” 
Bonnie bolted upright. “What did you say?!” 
“Ivor’s in the VIP room now. He came here with a checkbook and said I could name any price if I gave him the development rights. There’s more,” Hamish sounded more like he was gossiping as he continued, “He even told me he promised to give you the best villa in Lenfield Resort. It seems you have a romantic fiance.” 
Bonnie said smilingly, “What’s wrong? Are you jealous, or are you feeling lonely? Ivor must’ve inspired you to look for a wife. I can help you with that. Pick any lady you want.” 
“Please don’t. I’m sorry, all right.” Hamish was pretty shocked by her response. He blamed himself for making fun of Bonnie. He could do it with anyone else but her. “Hey, back to business. What are we going to do about Ivor?” 
↑ 
741 
“It’s simple. Tell Ivor that your chairman has decided to let me stay in the eight villa for now.” 
Ivor was surprised as he looked at Hamish. “Your chairman is giving Bonnie the best villa?” 
“No, they’re just lending it to her.” Hamish corrected Ivor. 
Ivor recalled when the chairman gave Bonnie a gown for the party. He asked, “I’m curious about who Bonnie is to your chairman.” 
“Um, I’m sorry, but that’s a private matter between the chairman and Bonnie. I can’t divulge such information.” 
Ivor’s expression grew tense, and his eyes dimmed. “If that’s the case, I won’t pry. There’s just one thing, though. I wonder if it’s okay for you to answer my question.” 
“Please, go ahead.” 
“Is your chairman a man or a woman?” 
Chapter 166 
212 
Hamish had to stifle a smile, knowing Ivor was jealous of the chairman, “You’ll be pleased to know my chairman is a lady,” 
Ivor noticed Hamish trying to hold back a chuckle. So, the former asked again, “What about you? Who’s Bonnie to you?” 
“We’re not a couple,” Hamish explained hastily. 
“Really?” 
“Someone like Bonnie is beyond my reach. I couldn’t have held on to her even if we were a couple. Frankly speaking, I’ve never met anyone who could hold their own against Bonnie. Still, that was only true until after I met you. In my opinion, you can win her heart if you put a little more effort into it.” 
Ivor raised his teacup, saying, “Here’s to hoping your words will manifest. We don’t have alcohol here. So, allow me to drink this tea in your name instead.” 
“You’re too kind.” Hamish sipped his tea. 
Suddenly, he slammed the table and exclaimed, “Damn Xavier for almost killing Bonnie! I’ll get my revenge someday! If you don’t mind, Ivor, we should join forces and give that asshole his just desserts!” 
Ivor’s eyes grew cold as he said, “You spoke my mind, Hamish.” 
Meanwhile, Xavier glanced at his employee, who was there to report his findings. “My men tailed Windbreaker’s car last night and saw her face when she got out of the car with Mr. Ivor. S–She’s… Um 
… 
>> 
“Who is she? Speak!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 167
Chapter 167 
1/2 
“She’s Mr. Ivor’s fiance.” 
“What?!” Xavier was utterly shocked. “How can that be? I’ve seen her before. That Bonnie is a good- for–nothing who only has looks. The Shepards even disowned her because she picked on her sister and brought shame to her family. 
“How can she be the famous Windbreaker?! That’s–hahaha–is that a joke?” He giggled in the 
middle of his sentence. “Geez. I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen it myself. Either way, have you found what Bonnie and Hamish’s relationship is?” 
The employee shook his head. “I only discovered that Bonnie had once attended the Knight family’s annual dinner party. She wore one of Hamish’s best designs to it.” 
Xavier tapped his desk and asked, “What about her relationship with Jim Ryan?” 
“I couldn’t find anything on that, Mr. Xavier.” 
“Bonnie, huh? It seems there’s more to her than I thought. Send someone to tail her. I refuse to believe we can’t find anything if we investigate her thoroughly.” 
“Right away, Mr. Xander.” The employee was about to leave when another one of Xavier’s men 
hurried in. 
“Mr. Xavier, it’s bad. Real bad!” 
“What happened?” Xavier frowned. 
“Tang Fusion Studios and Knight Group have worked together to take the Highpoint Galleria’s shares.” 
“What?!” Xavier could no longer remain seated. 
“Also, the Nidhogg Arena was supposed to collaborate with us, but they’re going to Knight Group instead.” 
“You want to run that by me again!” 
“That’s not all. The filming set had to cease production because of them. Someone uncovered the male lead’s ugly history and publicized it all over the internet. The television drama might face its end before we can complete its shooting!” 
Xavier was furious. He had invested five billion dollars into the drama and cast the most famous actors. He was angry it had to end before it could even shine. 
“Well played, Hamish and Ivor. You won this time!” Although he was furious, he knew it all happened because of Bonnie. It would not have been this bad if he had only offended Knight Group. Moreover, he also needed to be wary of Jim. 
“Do you have any updates on Jim?” At that moment, Xavier’s phone rang. It was someone from his 
Chapter 167 
2/2 
company. 
“It’s a disaster, Mr. Xavier! Master Jim wreaked havoc at all of the dojos your company owns. Also, Ms. Bonita’s research institute announced they’re shunning us from competing for its future research findings!” 
Xavier almost dropped his phone as his employees gulped. 
“What should we do, Mr. Xavier?” 
Xavier gritted his teeth and calmed himself. “We’re heading to the Knights‘ villa.” 
Meanwhile, Halle took Rowena to the Knights‘ villa. Ivor looked unwelcoming as he said, “I thought I said you two aren’t allowed to enter my villa without my permission.” 
“Come on, Ivor. We’re cousins. Are you going to cut me off?” Halle pouted and acted cute. 
Ivor glanced at Rowena and said, “Halle’s my cousin. That means you can leave now.” 
Rowena felt as if he had just stabbed her in the heart. She hated Bonnie even more now. She knew Ivor would not treat her so poorly if it were not for Bonnie. “Ivor…” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 168
Chapter 168 
“We’re not close, so stop saying my name in that tone, I don’t want my fiancee getting jealous,” Ivor indifferently cut Rowena off. 
Rowena felt another stab through her heart. Her eyes reddened as she said pitifully, “The Knights and the Pauls have maintained a healthy relationship for three generations. You can’t do this to me.” 
Ivor retorted, “Are you trying to pin things on me?! You were mean to Bonnie several times, and I saw them all. How convenient that you forgot about them.” 
Rowena could not take it anymore. 
‘What does he mean I was mean to Bonnie?! On the contrary, she shamed me whenever I tried to do something. Can’t he see that?‘ 
At that moment, Ivor’s butler came over and said, “Sir, Mr. Xavier is here.” 
“What’s he doing here?” 
“He said he’s here for Ms. Bonnie.” 
Halle and Rowena swapped glances and started muttering with each other. 
“Do you think Xavier’s here for her because she offended him out there? Is he here to settle the score with her?” 
“Given what we know about Bonnie, it seems highly likely. You know how arrogant she is.” 
“Wonderful. I hope we can see Xavier teaching her a lesson later. That’ll show Ivor how much of a troublemaker she is. She’s ruthless, ignorant, and despicable. An incompetent sap like her would only bring trouble to the Knight family.” 
Meanwhile, Xavier approached Ivor and went straight to the point. “Is Bonnie here?” 
“What can I do you for?” Bonnie opened the door and walked out of her room. 
Xavier lowered his head and apologized, “I’m here to apologize to you, Bonnie. I hope you’ll find mercy in your heart to forgive me.” 
‘Say what now?!‘ 
Halle and Rowena were so shocked that their jaws were about to hit the ground. 
The Sheffyns had been a rival family to the Knights for as long as they could remember. Xavier had never even been this polite to Ivor under normal circumstances. 
‘What in the world is happening here?!‘ 
Bonnie looked at Xavier coldly. “It’s crucial to play fair in a race. It was bad enough you tried to win through deceptions and tricks, but you just had to try and kill me. How do you expect me to forgive you after that? You got me f*** up.” 
Chaplet Te 
212 
Navier tensed. He had already lowered himself to her level and acted so humbly. The last thing he expected was for her to take advantage of it. 
“It was an honest misunderstanding, Bonnie. It’s easy to make an enemy, but it’d be challenging to bury the hatchet. Why make yourself another enemy?” 
“Are you threatening me?” She squinted. 
“How could I? You’re smart and kind, I believe you won’t kick a man when he’s down.” 
“Stop putting me on a pedestal, Navier. Also, stop trying to manipulate me while you’re at it. If I didn’t have fast reflexes, I would’ve died that day. It doesn’t matter what you say, I’ll never forgive you. I’d appreciate it if you’d stop bugging mel” 
With that, she returned to her room. Xavier was about to follow and argue his case, but Ivor stopped him, saying, “Um, what she said. Good luck, Xavier.” 
Navier was furious. “She doesn’t see the bigger picture. So, why are you going along with her, Ivor? You might be in cahoots with Tang Fusion Studios, but that doesn’t mean you can take the Sheffyns down without casualties. Don’t push us to a corner, or we’ll take you down with us.” 
On the other hand, Ivor did not want to waste more time with Xavier. “See our guest out, Alfred.” 
“Roger that, sir.” Alfred stepped forward and told Xavier, “This way, please.” 
Xavier was steaming with rage, “Fine! We’ll see how it goes!” 
After returning to his villa, he posted a request on the SR League. Soon after, Bonnie received a text from William. “My, my. You’re worth a lot, Bonnie. The Sheffyns posted a request for your head. They offered a one billion dollar reward.” 
That piqued Bonnie’s interest. “Did you accept it?” 
“Come on. Do you think I’d accept it?” 
After some thought, she sent a reply, “I’ll accept the request. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 169
Chapter 169 
William called Bonnie, picking his ears as he said, “Say what now?!” 
“You heard me.” Bonnie smiled with a hint of cunning in her eyes, 
That same night, Xavier received a reply from the SR League saying someone had accepted his request. He was so excited that he sent someone to pick the person up. 
Bonnie came wearing a black, baggy outfit and had her face covered. She deepened her voice, saying, ” It’ll take more than a billion dollars if you want her head.” 
Xavier casually responded, “Are you trying to haggle over the price after we’ve agreed on one? A billion dollars is more than enough for anyone to live several lifetimes. Your self–opinion is too high if you think you’re the only one who’ll accept my request.” 
“You got that right. I can confidently say only a few will dare to accept your request. If you don’t believe me, keep waiting for someone to show up. I’m patient. It won’t take long before you come looking for me again,” Bonnie said confidently. 
Xavier’s expression grew cold. “Is that so? We’ll see how it goes, then.” 
Several days later, he asked to see her again, just as she had expected. Xavier looked miserable since Bonnie’s prediction had come true. He had received no further updates on the request he had posted 
on the SR League. 
Bonnie sipped some tea and slowly looked up at Xavier. “I told you you’d come looking for me again.” 
Xavier felt embarrassed, saying, “That begs the question. How were you so confident no one else would accept the request?” 
Naturally, she was confident because she told William to stop anyone from accepting it. “That’s because your target is Bonnie, a unique young lady.” 
Xavier rubbed his chin and thought, “Did SR League find out that Bonnie has connections to Ivor, Hamish, and Jim? That doesn’t really make sense. The SR League has a team of elites who are capable of taking on any task. It’s plausible that not a single soul would dare to accept my request.‘: 
“Then, why’d you accept the request?” 
“I have my reasons for doing it. It’s none of your concern, though.” Bonnie said as she put down her 
teacup. 
Xavier grew annoyed at how she talked to him. Even so, Bonnie’s patience ran thin as she said, “I believe you’d only trust your request with the SR League and not other task forces.” 
Bonnie hit the nail on the head. After all, she was no ordinary lady. Instead, she had support from many influential figures. If he had given his request to the other task force, they might have been able to trace it back to him. 
Chapter 169 
2/2 
On the other hand, the SR League was on another lever. They had never exposed any private and confidential information, including one’s identity. 
“Out with it. What’s your asking price?” 
Bonnie gestured and said, “Ten billion dollars.” 
Her demands struck Xavier’s nerves. “Don’t you think you’re asking too much?” 
“I took liberty and gave you a discounted price, Mr. Xavier,” she said truthfully. 
After all, she was worth way above ten billion dollars. Bonnie noticed how furlous he was, so she stood up and said, “I’m in no hurry. Take your time and consider your options. You should know the drill by now. I believe our paths will cross again.” 
Bonnie took a few steps before turning back to look at him. “I heard Sheffyn Entertainment’s share price has plummeted over the last couple of days. It sounds like a disaster. Besides that, I also heard that the five billion dollar television drama will get canceled soon. 
“All of that happened because of Bonnie. If she’s dead, then the ten billion dollars would’ve been a well–spent investment. Wouldn’t you say?” 
After careful consideration, Xavier nodded and said, “Can you ensure you won’t expose me?” 
“The prey has taken the bait,‘ Bonnie thought. 
She smiled behind her mask and said, “Don’t worry. The SR League’s reputation is at stake. If anyone finds out who you are, the league will pay you back a hundred fold.” 
Now that she had guaranteed the secrecy of the request, he decided to take the risk. 
“Fine. I’ll pay you ten billion for Bonnie’s head.” 
食 
He only wanted Bonnie dead as it would dissolve Ivor and Hamish’s alliance as well as Jim’s interference. The King of Combat would also stop targeting Xavier because he would be too busy looking into Bonnie’s death. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 170
Chapter 170 
Xander wondered if Jim would suspect him to be behind Bonnie’s murder. However, Xavier could no longer bother because he had already prepared for it after posting the request. He had ways to keep himself out of Bonnie’s death. 
“Here’s my bank account information.” Bonnie sent the information to Xavier. 
Soon after, a crisp ding sounded. 
“Your account received a deposit of five billion dollars in Arvandorian currency on July 18th at 22:45.” Satisfied, Bonnie tucked her phone away. 
‘Now, that’s how you make money.‘ 
“That’s half of the agreed amount. I’ll transfer the rest when you’ve completed the task.” 
“All right. I’ll give you the good news tomorrow morning.” 
“I’m looking forward to it.” 
The first thing Bonnie did after reaching home was put on makeup. She stabbed her left chest with a trick knife and punctured a fake blood bag all over herself. She even made herself look pale and lifeless with makeup. 
There was blood dripping from her lips, and her hair was in a mess. She then snapped a picture of her “corpse” and cleaned up. The first thing the following day, she sent the picture to Xavier and received 
the other five billion dollars from him. 
At that moment, someone knocked on her door. 
“Who is it?” 
“It’s me.” 
Bonnie heard a deep, charming voice, quickly realizing it was Ivor. 
“What do you need?” 
“The housekeepers have just finished making the mushroom soup. It’ll nourish your body. I came to serve it to you.” 
Bonnie was not hungry earlier, but now that he mentioned it, she felt like she could go for some 
mushroom 
soup. “The door’s unlocked.” 
When Ivor opened the door, the first thing he saw was blood all over his fiance. Immediately after, he dropped the tray to the floor. His eyes widened, and his complexion paled while both his hands trembled. “Bonnie!” 
Ivor ran to her and pulled her into his arms, cradling her with the utmost care. “Don’t die, Bonnie! I’m sorry I failed to protect you! Please, don’t go to the light!” 
Chapter 170 
2/2 
Initially, Bonnie was utterly confused. Then, she realized her makeup must have misled Ivor. “Hey, I’m-” 
“Don’t speak. You must conserve your energy now,” Ivor’s voice was shaky, and his heart ached. He then looked toward the door and roared, “Floyd, get me a doctor now! We’re running out of time!” 
Floyd was flustered when he heard Ivor’s blood–curdling screams. 
‘What the hell happened?!‘ 
He raced upstairs and gasped when he saw the scene. 
‘Oh my god! That’s horrible!‘ 
“What are you waiting for?! Hurry up and call for a doctor! I’ll hold you responsible if anything happens to her!” 
“Y–Yes, Mr. Ivor! I’ll get on it now!” Floyd ran downstairs. 
Jim was patrolling outside the villa when he heard the commotion and ran in. He bumped into Floyd, who was rushing down the stairs. “Floyd, what’s going on?!” 
Floyd gulped and responded, “Something terrible happened to Ms. Bonnie!” 
“What?!” Jim’s heart pounded wildly. 
“Th–there was blood all over her and a knife in her left chest. Th–that’s enough talk. I need to call for a doctor!” Floyd ran ahead, panting heavily. 
Jim was shocked as his feet froze. Then, he snapped out of it and raced to Bonnie’s room upstairs. When he reached the door, he saw the “bloodied ” Bonnie and exclaimed desperately, “Ahhh! Who the hell did this to Bonnie?! I’m going to kill them! It must be Xavier! That’s right. It has to be him! I’ll tear his whole family apart!” 
Bonnie was about to say something when Ivor cut her off again. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 171
Chapter 171 
“Hush. Don’t even think about telling me your last words. I don’t want to hear them. You’ll be okay. I’m here now. I won’t let you die,” Ivor sounded terrified and heartbroken. 
Bonnie’s lips twitched as she said, “Calm down and listen to me. I’m-” 
Before she could finish, Ivor kissed her lips. Her eyes widened, and she tried her best to push him off her. However, Ivor held her tighter and kissed her more intensely. Bonnie kept trying to say something, but his lips had sealed hers. 
Soon after, she began to pant and blush. Fortunately, she had put on makeup to make herself look paler. Otherwise, it would have been blood–red by now. Moments later, Ivor stopped kissing her and looked into her eyes. 
“I told you to stop talking, but you just refuse to listen. If you’re going to keep it up, I’ll do it again.” 
Bonnie zipped it when she heard that. She wanted to explain the situation but changed her mind and held the prop knife instead. 
“Don’t touch that! A doctor will be here to pull it out of your chest soon. Oh, god. You might bleed out –“Ivor did not get to finish his sentence because Bonnie pulled the prop knife away from her chest. 
The former felt as if time had stopped, and an awkward silence hung in the air. 
“It’s a prop, dummy.” Bonnie pointed at her chest and wiped the fake blood off the corner of her mouth. “It’s all fake.” 
Ivor was stunned before sighing in relief. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack?! Why would you put on all this makeup to make it look like you’re dying? Do you have any idea how terrified I was?” 
He pulled her into his arms again. He held her so tightly that he could feel her heartbeat. Meanwhile, Bonnie could feel his heart pounding wildly. She even noticed Ivor’s shaky and sobbing voice. 
“I was just making a video and taking some pictures.” 
“Will you please tell me the next time you even consider doing something like this?” Ivor sounded authoritative and desperate. 
Bonnie frowned in response. She could feel just how heartbroken he was early. She then patted his back and said, “Okay, I will.” 
Ivor felt much better after she soothed him. He asked, “So, what’s the deal here?” 
“Um…” 
“I want the truth.” He stared at her unblinkingly. 
Bonnie knew she could not make up a story when he looked at her like that. “Here’s the deal. I took money from Xavier and promised him I’d kill myself.” 
Chapter 171 
It made Ivor confused. “Are you part of the St League? Don’t even think about lying to me. Even if you aren’t, you must be connected to the league somehow. The guy who sparred with Jim at the hospital was none other than the strongest fighter in the league. 
“That was Jacques. Anyone he chooses to work for must be some top brass in the league.” Ivor was a genuinely intelligent man. 
“I’m not a part of the league, but I can tell you that your analysis is correct. Indeed, I’m connected to it.” Bonnie did not tell Ivor about William’s true identity, but that was not because she did not trust 
Ivor. 
William was no ordinary man. The SR League accepted plenty of requests throughout the year, meaning they made enemies worldwide. The fewer people knew about William’s identity, the better it would be. 
“All right, I respect your boundaries.” 
Ivor could envision Bonnie’s plan. He said, “There’s something I want to know. What will you do after this? Xavier isn’t someone you can mess with. He’s wicked. Aren’t you worried he’d seek revenge on you after duping him out of ten billion dollars?” 
Bonnie chuckled confidently. “He wouldn’t.” 
“How can you be so sure?” Ivor was curious, wondering what made her so confident. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 172
Chapter 172 
“You don’t have faith in me. Do you? Just wait. You’ll see.” 
Since Bonnie was not going to tell tvor everything, he decided not to pry for more information. 
“Can you clean yourself up? Your getup upsets me.” He knew it was all fake, but he couldn’t help but feel heartbroken at the sight of it. 
“Sure. I’ll hop in the shower now.” 
Ivor waited until she got into the bathroom before looking at Jim, who was about to leave. The former addressed Jim and asked, “Hey, why do you seem to care about her very much?” 
Jim calmly responded, “It’s my job to keep her safe. I believe caring about her is part of my job.” 
“You say that, but it looks like she means so much more to you. Did you two know each other before you started working here?” Ivor stared at him. The wisdom in his eyes was unmistakable. 
“Nope.” 
“Really?” 
“I solemnly swear that I, Tim Reid, have never known Ms. Bonnie in my life until I got this job! May God punish me most severely if I lied through my teeth.” 
‘I’m not Tim Reid, anyway. That alias didn’t know Bonnie before getting this job. Technically, I’m not 
lying.‘ 
Staring at Jim, Ivor said after a brief moment, “Dismissed.” 
“Roger, Mr. Ivor.” Jim turned and left. He sighed in relief when he turned to leave, wondering if he had managed to trick Ivor. However, Jim couldn’t shake the feeling that Ivor didn’t wholly buy his story. Still, Ivor would not have let Jim leave if he was suspicious. 
Bonnie was taking a shower in the bathroom. So, she didn’t know about what happened between Ivor and Jim. Thirty minutes had come and gone by the time she finished showering. 
After drying her hair, she felt exhausted and went to bed to sleep. She then pulled the blanket up and slipped in. Suddenly, she sat upright and stared at Ivor, who was hiding in her blanket. “Wh–what are you doing in my blanket?!” 
“I’m keeping you safe.” He said matter–of–factly. 
Her lips twitched helplessly. “That won’t be necessary. Thanks for being thoughtful, but it’s late now. You should go back to your room.” 
However, Ivor feigned ignorance and continued to sleep in her blanket. Honestly, Bonnie felt moved by his actions. Even so, she was not about to sleep with him just because he was considerate. 
“Hey, Ivor. If you’re not leaving, I’m going to walk away.” 
Chapter 172 
“Don’t do that. Fine, I’ll leave.” Pulling the blanket off, he sat up, 
‘Why is he half–n***?‘ 
Bonnie saw his bare body and pulled the blanket up to cover it. In response, Ivor smiled and asked, Are you reluctant to let me leave?” 
Oh, how she wished she could kick him out of the bed. “Why aren’t you wearing any clothes?” 
“What made you think I’m n***? I’m wearing pants. You can see for yourself if you don’t believe me.” He moved to lift the blanket to show it to her. 
All she knew was that he was n*** on the top half of his body. The blanket covered the lower half of his body. So, she couldn’t be sure if he was wearing anything underneath. Still, she wondered what she would do if he weren’t wearing anything. 
‘Does he want to show me his thingy?‘ 
Bonnie was not about to risk it. When she grabbed his hand, he asked, “Are you trying to hold my hand? If that’s the case, you could’ve just told me.‘ 
The next moment, he cupped her hands. His hands were big and broad, while hers were tender and petite. Ivor cupped Bonnie’s hands so tightly that hers disappeared into his. She tried to pull them out, but it was futile. 
“Let me go.” 
Not only did he not let go, but he yanked her so that both of them would fall onto the bed together. A moment later, he pulled her into his arms. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 173
Chapter 173 
“I’m warning you, Ivor. Don’t do anything to me!” Bonnie was a little annoyed. Simultaneously, she felt other inexplicable emotions. It was all because Ivor was holding her. If it had been someone else, she would’ve snapped their member and ended their lineage. 
“Stay still, Bonnie. Just let me hold you a little. I’m still shaken by what happened earlier. Your little getup terrified me. I finally found someone I love. When I fell in love with you, I swore I’d cherish you and wouldn’t let anything happen to you. 
“The last thing I expected to see was your alleged dying moments. It felt as if my world was crumbling, and I’d lost any motivation to live. I’ve never known how fear felt until that moment. I meant it when I said I was terrified,” Ivor’s deep voice kept echoing in Bonnie’s ears. 
She merely lay there and listened to him express his thoughts. She did not fight back or scold him. Instead, she lay still and allowed him to embrace her. 
Bonnie lay in the bed until Ivor said he was exhausted and dozed off. Only then did she move lightly. However, her slight movement made him tighten his hold. 
Bonnie looked at his dashing features in confusion and listened to his steady breathing. The way she saw it, he was already deep asleep. 
‘So, does that mean his earlier movement was a subconscious reaction?‘ 
Bonnie wanted to test her theory. So, she moved again, and Ivor instinctively tightened his grip again. 
‘Fine, then. It looks like I’ll have to sleep like this tonight. It’s not like I can’t break free from Ivor’s grasp if I wanted to. It’s just that…‘ 
Listening to the chirpings of the crickets, she looked out the window and saw the brilliant moon in the sky. She could feel the warmth of his body. Everything seemed as serene as it could be. 
‘It’s not like Ivor’s going to do anything outrageous tonight. Time to sleep.‘ 
The following day, Bonnie was still sleepy when she felt a cooling sensation on her head. She did not overthink it and closed her eyes to go back to sleep. 
Meanwhile, Ivor leaned against the door and touched his lips, his eyes full of joy. 
Later, Bonnie woke up and sent the video and pictures to Xavier. 
“Hahaha! She’s finally dead! I can’t believe she would disrespect me like that. That’ll teach her to mess with me. That lady from the SR League is highly efficient. She killed Bonnie right under Ivor’s nose and didn’t get caught.” 
Then, he received a text from ‘Bonnie.‘ “It’s time you pay the remaining five billion.” 
Xavier was walking on cloud nine and no longer cared about the money. He quickly transferred the remaining amount to her. Then he told one of his men, “Send someone to check on the Knights‘ villa. 
Chapter 173 
I want to know how heartbroken Ivor is,” 
“Right away, Mr. Xavier,” 
Soon after, his man ran into his room frantically, 
“Sir, B–Bonnie’s alive!” 
212 
“She’s alive? How’s that possible? I checked the pictures and video. Are you sure you didn’t make a mistake?” 
The man pulled out his phone and showed Xavier the video he had taken earlier. In the video, Bonnie stood in the garden, going about her day. 
“H–How’s that possible?!” Xavier snatched the phone away and rewatched the video, trying to confirm it was really Bonnie. “What on earth is going on?” 
“Is the SR League trying to swindle you, Mr. Xavier?” The man took a wild guess. 
“That’s not possible! The league has an excellent reputation worldwide. Why would they risk ruining it for a mere ten billion dollars?” 
“B–But, sir… The fact remains that Bonnie is alive!” 
‘He’s right. Bonnie’s alive and breathing! Does that mean the pictures and video I received earlier are fake? Did she dupe me?‘ 
Xavier was outraged, quickly taking his phone and texting Bonnie, “She’s still alive! I demand an explanation!” 
Bonnie replied to his text, “That was fast. Did you figure me out already?” 
“Why, you little- Damn You! Aren’t you worried I’ll publicize your actions and ruin the SR League’s reputation? How dare you pull a fast one on me! The way I see it, you went rogue and did this yourself. Do you know what’ll happen if the league’s top brass finds out what you did?!” 
Bonnie ignored his questions and asked in return, “Have you ever wondered why no one in the league was willing to accept your quest?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 174
Chapter 174 
Xavier was stunned. “What do you mean by that? Hold on!” 
His heart skipped a beat. “Are you trying to say Bonnie has another identity?” 
‘Bonnie is already Ivor’s fiance and favored by Jim and Hamish. Does she have another identity that’s far bigger than all of these combined?‘ 
“Exactly.” Bonnie smiled dryly and continued to compose texts. “Here’s a top secret.” 
Xander held his breath and waited for the bomb to fall. Finally, Bonnie sent her latest reply. “She’s actually Ms. Bonita.” 
‘What the f***!‘ 
Xander paled and began to sweat bullets. If anyone had told him that the country bumpkin from the Shepard family was Ms. Bonita, he would’ve brushed it off. However, too many things had happened. With that in mind, he might as well step down from being the Sheffyns‘ patriarch if he stubbornly decided not to take it seriously. 
“This explains everything! It’s no wonder that not a single soul in the SR League dared accept my request! Wait a minute! Something doesn’t feel right.‘ 
“If that’s the case, why did you accept my request?” 
Smiling, she responded, “That’s because I’m Bonnie.” 
“What?!” Xavier coughed. A moment later, his eyes rolled back, and he fell unconscious. 
1 
Meanwhile, Bonnie felt better than ever. She then ate the apple she had plucked. It tasted sweet as she chewed it, further uplifting her spirits. 
Ivor plucked more apples off the tree, saying, “From the looks of it, you’ve successfully swindled ten billion dollars from Xavier.” 
Bonnie glanced at him sidelong and said, “What do you mean swindle? I crushed Xavier with my superior intellect.” 
Fortunately, Xavier could not hear her. Otherwise, he would have woken up and coughed before fainting again. 
“Sure thing, honey. Your intelligence surpasses everyone else’s. There’s no chance Xavier could ever outsmart you.” 
“Honey? Last I checked, we’re not married. Are you sure it’s appropriate to address me that way?” 
Ivor washed the apple clean and handed it to her, saying, “Well, how should I address you then?” 
Chapter 174 
“Just call me by my name, like you usually do.” 
“All right, Bonnie–booboo.” 
‘I can’t with him.‘ 
Suddenly, something piqued Ivor’s interest. He said, “You swindled- Ahem, you crushed Xavier with your superior intellect and made him pay you ten billion. On top of that, he doesn’t seem to be coming after you. How on earth did you pull that off?” 
“Are you curious?” Bonnie raised her brow. 
“Of course I am. I’m dying of curiosity.” 
She pointed at her shoulder in response. 
Ivor caught her drift and said, “On it.” 
The next moment, he started massaging her shoulder. His fingers felt warm, making Bonnie regret her decision. Moreover, she couldn’t help but feel that he was doing more than just rubbing her shoulders. They lingered on her skin, and she could feel the longing in them. 
“That’s enough.” 
Ivor feigned ignorance and said, “If your shoulders are fine, I’ll massage your thighs next.” He then reached down and grabbed her thighs. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 175
Chapter 175 
“Ivor Knight!” Bonnie punched him. 
“Owie…” Neville, who was watching them from upstairs, covered his eyes. What happened was too graphic for someone his age. 
Afterward, Ivor went to work with a black eye, shocking everyone. Although it was apparent someone had punched him, he still grinned. 
Even Floyd could not take it, saying, “Ahem, I know you’re happy Ms. Bonnie gave you a black eye, but shouldn’t we focus on what’s important now, Mr. Ivor?” 
“What do you mean?” Ivor asked in puzzlement. 
Floyd’s lips twitched. “Did you forget that you and your grandmother have an appointment with the miracle doctor?” 
Finally, Ivor remembered it. “What time’s the appointment?” 
C 
Floyd checked the time and asked, “We have another hour until then. Should I call the miracle doctor now?” 
“Mhm.” 
Shortly after, Bonnie received a text and was about to reply when she received a call from Vera. Frowning, she fell into deep thought. 
‘Mom and Dad have never called me once since disowning me. It’s like their official tweet said: I’m no longer a member of the Shepard family. They don’t care if I’m dead or alive. So, why’s Mom calling me? Does she want to ask about the time I humiliated Brittany?‘ 
↑ 
Bonnie answered the call and said indifferently, “What is it?” 
“Come and get your things now.” 
“I’m busy. Maybe tomorrow.” 
“I need to empty your room so that they can renovate it into a makeshift lab for Trina. The contractor will be here soon. If you’re not coming to take your things, I’ll tell the servants to toss them into the garbage.” 
Bonnie’s expression turned cold. After all, there was some personal stuff in her room, including notes on essential things and her journal. 
“We’re not being heartless or unreasonable. Professor Paul from Pyralis University is Trina’s mentor and has high hopes for her. He even claims she will make crucial contributions to science in the future. 
“He visited us yesterday and emphasized that we must give our utmost support to Trina and build her a lab if possible. That’ll allow her to conduct her research peacefully. 
Chapter 175 
2/2 
“As you know, your room is the only available one now. So, if you refuse to collect your things, we’ll have to take care of it ourselves,” Vera said casually, 
Bonnie remained calm and did not let it affect her. “Pine, I’m coming.” 
After hanging up the phone, she texted Floyd. “I’m sorry. There’s an emergency. I’ll see you tonight.” 
Half an hour later, Bonnie stood before the place she used to call home. She looked calm and distant. Although, Bonne had planned to return and collect her things once Lenfeild Resort was complete. She never expected her former family to be so impatient. 
Perhaps she should have expected it. After all, she was no longer a member of the family. Having her stuff in their house was pretty troublesome for them and herself. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 176
Chapter 176 
“Bonnie?” A familiar voice sounded from behind, interrupting Bonnie’s thoughts. 
She was shocked when she turned to see who it was. “Mom?” 
The middle–aged woman was not Vera but Bonnie’s foster mother, Welma. Not only was Welma there, but she also brought Gerald and Bonnie’s younger brother, Benedict. 
“Dad, Benny, why are you here?” 
“It’s been five years, Bonnie. You’ve grown into a beautiful young lady.” Welma’s eyes reddened as she embraced Bonnie tremblingly. 
“I’m sorry we haven’t contacted you much these past few years, Bonnie. We haven’t even visited you once. It’s not that we don’t care. We didn’t want our background to make you and Trina the city’s laughingstock.” Tears ran down Welma’s cheeks as she spoke. 
Even Gerald became teary–eyed while Benedict turned aside to wipe away his tears discreetly. 
Welma added, “I wanted to visit you for your 20th birthday and Trina for her engagement party. But your dad was worried we would embarrass you two if we showed up that day. That’s why we waited until today to visit.” 
“It’s okay, Mom. Stop crying, okay? If you keep crying, I’m going to cry, too.” Bonnie took out a handkerchief to wipe away her foster mother’s tears. 
“Yeah, we finally get to meet our daughter, and you’re crying so much. What’s that supposed to mean?” Gerald sighed and then looked at Bonnie, saying, “The Shepards are too high–class for us. We knew we would stand out like a sore thumb and embarrass you and Trina. Hey, could you go in 
and call Trina out? We have birthday gifts for you two.” 
“Sure thing, Dad.” Bonnie turned and rang the doorbell, which puzzled the trio. They did not understand why Bonnie had to ring the doorbell to her family’s house. 
“Who is it?” The butler walked over. When he saw Bonnie, he became hostile. “Oh, it’s you. I’d prefer not to let you in, but Madam Vera told me you’d be coming to get your stuff. Quick, collect your things 
and leave.” 
The trio felt something was amiss. Benedict asked, “Bonnie, what’s going on? Why’s he talking to you like that? What are you here to collect?” 
Bonnie frowned and was about to explain, but the butler sneered and said, “You guys don’t know, huh? The Shepards have disowned Bonnie.” 
“What?! Is that true?” Gerald trembled and almost fell over. 
Welma was on the verge of tears, saying, “Bonnie, that can’t be true.” 
Bonnie felt bitter but nodded and said, “They look down on me. It’s official. They’ve disowned me. I’ll 
Chapter 176 
be going my separate way.” 
The trio was shocked. 
The butler continued, “It’s not that Madam Vera looks down on you, Bonnie. It’s because you dug your own grave by relying on your looks instead of your skills. You turned into a homewrecker and involved yourself in a love affair-” 
Smack! 
Bonnie slapped the butler. She would let Vera’s vicious accusations slide, but not a butler to insult her so casually. She was not an easy target. 
“How dare you slap me, you little gremlin! I’ll make you pay!” The butler held his cheek and then motioned to return Bonnie’s slap. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 177
Chapter 177 
The butler’s slap was about to land when Benedict stopped him. The latter was furious, saying, “Even if they’ve disowned Bonnie, you don’t have the right to slap her. Besides, we’re still here. You can’t treat us like we’re dead.” 
After witnessing the butler’s arrogant behavior, Benedict could not help but wonder how his sister had endured the past few years living with the Shepards. 
“I can discipline anyone I want! If you dare to lay a hand on me, I’ll have the bodyguards throw all of you out. I’ll even call the cops to arrest you,” The butler threatened. 
Although Benedict was not afraid of what might happen to him, he did not want the butler to call for the bodyguards. After all, his parents were older and might not be able to handle such a tense 
situation. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie said, “We don’t need to waste our breaths on this idiot.” 
She then kicked the butler, sending him flying. 
“Gah!” The butler screamed as he landed on the ground with a thud. He clutched his stomach as sweat dripped from his forehead. 
Benedict exclaimed in surprise, “Bonnie, that was amazing!” 
At that moment, the commotion attracted Trina’s attention. After asking the housekeepers about it, she learned that her biological parents had visited from the countryside. Although she disliked it, she could not avoid them because they were her birth parents. 
When Trina appeared at the front gate, the butler wailed, “Ms. Trina, help! Bonnie slapped me and then kicked me! I think she might’ve broken my ribs.” 
Welma anxiously explained, “Trina, it wasn’t like that. He insulted Bonnie and threatened your brother. He even said he’d tell the bodyguards to throw us out.‘ 
Trina felt annoyed but remained composed with much effort, saying, “Is that true, Benny?” 
Benedict merely nodded. He did not have much of an impression of Trina. After all, she had gotten switched at birth and grew up with the wealthy Shepard family. Afterward, Trina and Benedict only 
met and interacted a handful of times. 
“The butler insulted Bonnie and called her a homewrecker. Bonnie only acted in self–defense. Still, your butler didn’t back down and even threatened to call the bodyguards to deal with us.” 
Trina sighed. “Benny, it wasn’t the butler’s fault. Bonnie’s not my sister anymore because she got 
involved with a sugar daddy. It’s a fact that so many people know about.‘ 
“That’s impossible! My sister’s no homewrecker or sugar baby!” Benedict protested. 
Trina’s temper flared. “Are you saying I’m not your sister? I’m your biological sister, Benny! Don’t 
Chapter 177 
you believe what I’m saying?” 
Welma and Gerald exchanged glances before looking at Trina. One of them said, “There must be a misunderstanding, Trina. We watched Bonnie grow. We know what kind of person she is. She would never do such horrible things.” 
Trina forced a bitter smile, saying, “Yeah, she’s the daughter you watched grow. As for me, I’ll never be as important to you as Bonnie is. So, you won’t believe me, no matter what I say. If that’s the case, why waste your breath questioning me?” 
“Don’t misunderstand, Trina. We didn’t mean it that way. We just-” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 178
Chapter 178 
“That’s quite enough. I don’t want to hear your explanations. Either way, you’ll always be biased toward Bonnie.” 
The couple felt an overwhelming sense of guilt. Meanwhile, Bonnie stood between her parents and Trina, saying, “That’s enough out of you, Trina. I’ve been silent because you’re their biological daughter. I know I’ll only hurt them if I scold you. 
“However, you’ve crossed the line with your words. They may not have raised you, but they always send you gifts every year and care about you whenever you’re sick. As yourself, what have you done for them?” 
Welma wiped her tears and said, “That’s enough, Bonnie.” 
“Fine, I’ll stop mentioning that. How about this? You keep telling everyone that I’m someone’s mistress or sugar baby, yet you’ve never witnessed such a thing. What does my sugar daddy look like? Do you even know who he is? How do you even know if he’s married?” 
“I—” 
“Consider what you say next, Trina. Did you see any of that?” Bonnie asked sternly. 
Trina grew anxious when she felt everyone’s intense gaze. She bit her lip and said, “Bonnie, you should know all that better than I do. Would you dare to swear that you aren’t someone’s mistress?” 
“What a boring reply. If swearing worked, would you swear you’ve seen me being a homewrecker or a mistress?” Bonnie retorted, causing Trina to panic. 
“Trina, if I hear you spreading rumors about me again, I’ll take you to court for slander and defamation.” Bonnie then walked past Trina. 
The latter struggled to suppress her emotions. After all, being repeatedly suppressed by Bonnie over the past few days had thrown Trina off her game. 
Welma gently held Trina’s hand and said, “Bonnie is already in a slump. Please stop troubling her. Hey, here’s your birthday gift. I knitted this sweater myself. School is starting soon, and it’ll get chilly. You can wear it then. I hope you don’t think my knitting is bad or anything.” 
“Why would I think that? I love it!” Trina replied, “Mom, Dad, do you want to come in and sit for a 
while?” 
“Oh, no, 
waved. 
that’s okay. We’re wearing such casual clothes. We don’t want to intrude, either.” Welma 
“Oh, I see. Well, I still have some research to do. I’ll go back inside, then.” 
“Your research is important. Focus on your studies, too.” 
Trina could hardly keep up her act and quickly left. 
Chapter 178 
“Ah, no!” Welma facepalmed. “I forgot Trina’s engagement gift!” 
Gerald urged, “Quick, tell Benny to take it inside.” 
Welma removed a jewelry box from her bag and handed it to Benedict, saying, “Hurry, catch up to 
Trina.” 
“Right! Sure thing, Mom!” Benedict took the box and ran inside. 
Bonnie did not have much to carry when she collected her things. She only took her notebook and her favorite clothes before going downstairs. Immediately after, she saw Trina discarding something into 
a trash bin. 
“Disgusting. How dare they give me such a horrid–looking sweater. She expects me to wear that outside?” 
Bonnie noticed the bag Trina had thrown away and realized she had seen her mother carrying it just now. The former ran over and grabbed Trina’s collar, shouting, “You’ve gone too far, Trina! Take that bag out of the trash bin now!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 179
Chapter 179 
Bonnie’s aggressiveness frightened Trina. The latter screamed, “Let go of me! You’re choking me, damn it! Mom, Dad, help! Bonnie’s trying to kill me!” 
Vera and Gresham heard the commotion and ran downstairs. The former grabbed Bonnie’s sleeve and pulled her away. “Bonnie, what are you doing?! Let go of her, or I’ll call the cops!” 
Gresham prepared to get physical, saying, “Bonnie, are you deaf?! You don’t belong here anymore, so stop behaving so recklessly in my house!” 
Bonnie turned and glared at the older couple. “I’ll let go if she retrieves the sweater from the trash!” 
“What sweater?” Vera and Gresham were puzzled as they looked at the trash bin. Indeed, there was a sweater inside. “What’s going on here?” 
Bonnie gritted her teeth, saying, “My mom knitted that for Trina as a birthday gift. It’s okay if she doesn’t like it, but she doesn’t have to throw it away. I don’t care if Trina is reluctant to accept someone from the countryside as her mother, but she’s still Trina’s biological mother.” 
“Is that true, Trina?” Vera frowned. Although she disliked country folk and looked down on them, the sweater was still a personal gift from Trina’s birth mother. If Trina really did throw the sweater away, it would speak volumes about her character. 
Suddenly, Welma’s voice sounded, “Trina, is that true? Do you despise me that much?” 
Trina turned to see Welma and Gerald. The former felt a sudden pang of guilt. 
Earlier, Welma and Gerald waited outside for Benedict to return. After a brief discussion, they decided to enter the house. However, they did not expect to hear what Bonnie said. 
Bonnie’s heart raced as she looked at her foster parents, especially Welma, who was on the verge of 
tears. 
“No, it’s not true! Bonnie’s making things up!” Trina began to sob. “She’s jealous that you gave me the sweater and snatched it from me. She was the one who threw it away. ? got angry and scolded her, and then she tried to strangle me! 
“Y–You guys have to believe me. Why would I throw away such a precious gift? I’d be worse than an animal if I did that!” 
Vera and Gresham nodded, saying, “We believe Trina. Bonnie, let go of her now!” 
Bonnie remained stubborn. “I said I’d let her go once she retrieves the sweater from the trash.” 
Trina looked at Welma and Gerald tearfully. “Do you believe Bonnie?” 
“That’s…” Welma and Gerald were in a dilemma. 
“Trina isn’t like that!” Vera scolded, “We disowned Bonnie specifically because she’s a terrible person who disgraces the family’s reputation.” 
Chapter 179 
Welma refused to believe that statement. “We raised Bonnie. There’s no way she’s as you described.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 180
Chapter 180 
Vera fanned the flames, saying, “Hmph, If you country bumpkins hadn’t raised Bonnie, she wouldn’t have become such a horrible person!” 
“Shut your mouth!” Bonnie and Benedict yelled in unison. The latter was furious as Trina stared at him, wondering when he arrived. 
“Benny? Were you hiding or something? I thought we told you to give Trina her engagement gift,” Gerald said, puzzled. 
Benedict approached Bonnie and Trina. He looked at Trina with annoyance and said, “I saw Trina throwing the sweater into the trash can when I came in earlier.” 
Vera and Gresham were surprised as they looked at Trina. “Is that true?” 
Trina began to cry aggrievedly. “Why would you twist the truth like that, Benny? I’m your real sister. You can’t let Bonnie deceive you. Stop defending her. Did she bribe you or something? I knew it! This must be all her sugar daddy’s doing. Bonnie must’ve paid you to twist the story!” 
Benedict felt like he was about to lose his mind. “What the f*** are you talking about, Trina? I’ve never taken anyone’s money! I spoke the truth!” 
“Enough!” Trina cried even louder. “You call me by my name and call Bonnie your sister. You never considered me your real sister! You two grew up together, and I’m not close to you. Of course, you’d defend her!” 
She looked at Welma and Gerald and continued, “Mom, Dad, do you believe me or Bonnie?” 
The couple looked at Bonnie and Benedict before glancing at Trina. They struggled to answer her question. 
“Oh, I see how it is. You didn’t raise me, so you won’t believe anything I say,” Trina spoke defeatedly. She then looked at Vera and Gresham. “After all, Bonnie’s your biological daughter.” 
Vera pushed Bonnie away and held Trina. “I’ll always believe you, dear. Don’t be sad. I promise always to take your side, no matter what you do or say.” 
Gresham’s eyes reddened. “Same here, sweetie. I only have one daughter, and it’s you. You will always be the family’s heiress.” 
Trina felt moved as she hugged them and continued to cry. 
“Hmph!” Bonnie sneered. 
‘What extraordinary acting.‘ 
At that moment, Benedict pulled Bonnie aside and said, “Come on, 
let’s go.‘ 
Bonnie looked at Welma and Gerald, who were still staring at her. Gerald sighed and said, “We should leave.” 
Welma then took Bonnie’s hand, and the family of four left. 
Once outside, Gerald smoked a cigarette and looked at Bonnie apologetically. “We sent you to the Shepards all those years ago because we didn’t want you to 
continue suffering with us. I didn’t expect our decision to cause you so much distress.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 181
Chapter 181 
“Well, I’ve gotten used to it.” Bonnie shrugged with a smile. 
Welma felt sorry for her and ran her fingers through Bonnie’s hair, saying, “We wouldn’t have known how poorly they treated you if we hadn’t come to Pyralis.” 
“Trina’s just after the Shepards‘ wealth and glory.” Benedict’s anger grew the more he thought about it. He then looked at his parents and said, “You didn’t stand up to them just now. You don’t really believe what Trina said, do you?” 
Welma looked pained. “I watched you and Bonnie grow. I know you two better than anyone. Still, I didn’t know how Trina would react if I scolded her in front of her parents.” 
Gerald added, “Your mom’s right. It’s best to play it safe since the Shepards treasure Trina so much. However His tone softened as he looked at Bonnie guiltily. “It’s just unfair to you, Bonnie. We’re sorry. We shouldn’t have…” 
Benedict felt his parents were somewhat biased toward Trina, but he could also understand the difficulties they had faced when they decided to send Bonnie to the Shepards. 
Bonnie said smilingly, “Trina’s your flesh and blood. Even if she’s unbearable, your blood flows through her veins. You did what true parents would have done.” 
Not many could turn against their own family. Moreover, Bonnie was protective by nature and always prioritized her family. 
“Gresham and Vera are peculiar,” Bonnie spoke without resentment. Instead, she was calm. However, the more sensible she was, the more Welma and Gerald’s 
hearts ached. 
“By the way, have you guys found a place to stay? What’s your next plan?” 
“Your dad and I plan to return to the countryside in a couple of days. Benny got into Pyralis University and won’t be going back with us,” Welma said. 
Benedict added, “I want to stay in here and find a part–time job to earn some extra cash. Then, I can help relieve the financial pressure at home.” 
Bonnie took out her phone and said, “I’ll transfer some money to you guys.” 
However, Gerald said solemnly, “Bonnie, I’ve told you to keep whatever you earned. Your mom and I don’t need our daughter to support us yet. I can still work. Even though I don’t earn much from farming and raising pigs, it’s enough for our daily expenses.” 
Bonnie had offered to give her parents some money before, but they always refused. 
“Yeah, we’re not parasites, sis. We know how hard it can be to earn money, and our parents aren’t that old. Also, I need to rely on myself to make a living.” Benedict also declined his sister’s handout. 
Bonnie wanted to argue and say that earning money was easy for her. After all, she quickly made so much from scamming Xavier, 
“Bonnie, put your phone away. Don’t bring it up again, okay? You can support us when we’re old and no longer able to move,” Gerald said sternly, 
“Okay, Dad.” Bonnie could only obey and say coyly, “At least let me find you guys a place to stay. If you refuse, it means you don’t consider me your daughter.” 
“That’s fine by us.” 
Soon after, Bonnie found her parents and brother somewhere decent to stay. She did not book the best hotel in Pyralis and instead chose a mid–range one to avoid them complaining that she was wasting money. Even so, her parents still lectured her. 
Bonnie asked Benedict, “What kind of part–time job are you looking for?” 
Benedict shrugged, saying, “I don’t have much work experience. It’s unlikely I can work at a big company, so I chose a few small ones on a job–hunting website. I’m going for a few interviews tomorrow.” 
“Which ones did you choose? Let me see.” 
Benedict handed her his phone and said, “Here, these are the ones I picked.” 
After looking through the list, Bonnie frowned and said, “These companies have no future for development. You’ll only be fetching water and printing documents or even cleaning.” 
“I know, but I have no other options. Forget not having work experience. I’m also only looking to work part–time. Why would any well–established company hire someone like me?” 
After some thought, Bonnie said, “Do you want to work at Tang Fusion Studios?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 182
Chapter 182 
“Wait, you mean the one Hamish the designer owns?” Benedict’s eyes widened. “Yeah, that’s the one. If I remember correctly, you like designing clothes, right? You’d always draw different kinds of clothes on the characters in history books. whenever you had nothing to do.” 
Her words made Benedict blush. “That’s all in the past, sis. Please don’t bring it up again.” 
Bonnie covered her mouth and giggled. “So, do you want to work there or not?” 
Benedict said self–doubtingly, “Of course I do. Still, we’re talking about Tang Fusion Studios here. It’s one of Pyralis’s top companies. Why would they want to hire a student with no work experience?” 
“Just visit the company tomorrow. I’ve already talked to them. You’ll be fine,” Bonnie said confidently. 
Benedict froze and stared at his sister for a while, unable to discern whether or not she was joking. “Are you for real?” 
“When have I ever lied to you?” Bonnie raised a brow. 
“B–But we’re talking about Tang Fusion Studios, right? How’d you— 
“Stop asking so many questions and go there tomorrow, got it? You’ll know what 
I mean when you’re there.” Bonnie did not want to explain herself yet. It was as 
she said. He would understand everything once he was there. 
At that moment, Bonnie received a text from Ivor, “I heard you went to the Shepards‘ house.” 
Bonnie replied, “Yeah, I went to get my stuff.” 
“Why didn’t you call me?” 
“I was just going to collect my things. Why would I need to bring you and have a brawl?” 
Ivor sighed helplessly and sent a reply, “Did they mistreat you in any way?” 
“Not really.” 
“Can we do a video call?” 
Bonnie looked at Benedict and then called Ivor. Benedict saw the messages on Bonnie’s phone earlier. When he saw that she was starting a video call, he curiously approached and saw the man’s handsome face on the screen. 
Benedict’s eyes lit up as he asked, “Is he your boyfriend, Bonnie?” 
Ivor smirked. “Actually, I’m your future brother–in–law.” 
Bonnie was speechless. 
“You’re really my future brother–in–law? Bonnie, I didn’t know you were getting 
married.” Benedict was shocked. 
Bonnie asked, annoyed, “What do you think?” 
Ivor did not dwell on the topic. He asked, “Bonnie, he’s your little brother, right? When did he get here?” 
Benedict speculated that Ivor had a special relationship with Bonnie. Whenever someone pursued his sister in the past, she would always appear impatient and annoyed. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 183
Chapter 183 
Bonnie replied truthfully, “My parents brought him here. They just arrived today.” 
When she mentioned her parents, Ivor knew she was referring to her foster parents from the countryside. 
“Oh, your parents are here, too? Why didn’t you tell me earlier? I would’ve gone to pick them up myself.” 
“They’re my parents,” Bonnie emphasized indifferently. 
“Same thing,” Ivor said smilingly. 
Once again, Bonnie was astounded. “Weren’t you supposed to meet that miracle doctor for your grandma today? Would you have had the time to puck my parents up if I told you?” 
“She’s our grandma, Bonnie,” Ivor smirked. 
Bonnie no longer knew how to deal with Ivor’s insinuations. “Can’t we have a decent conversation? If not, I’ll hang up.” 
Ivor hurriedly said, “Fine! Sorry, I’ll behave, okay?” 
Benedict observed how his sister and Ivor interacted and guessed his suspicions were correct. Indeed, the duo had a special relationship. 
“The doctor texted me earlier and said there will be a delay. She should be here soon. I’ll come and find you once she’s here to look after Grandma.” 
“No need. You can care for your grandma while the doctor’s there. I still have things to do. I’m hanging up now,” Bonnie said. After all, she had planned to visit Winnie later anyway. 
“All right, I’ll see you later then.” Ivor’s voice was low and gentle, exuding a warm affection. 
It made Bonnie’s heart flutter. She cleared her throat and quickly hung up the phone. 
At the hospital, Winnie smiled at Ivor and said, “Bonnie’s perfect. You better cherish her, got it?” 
“I will, Grandma,” Ivor said resolutely. 
Winnie recalled something and added, “Speaking of which, she’s got jokes.” 
Chapter 183 
Ivor was stunned. “What? When did you meet her?” 
“She visited a while ago and said she was a medical expert. I knew she said that to amuse me.” Winnie’s words made Ivor fall into deep thought, 
Last time, he would have thought Bonnie was joking if she said something like that. However, he found it increasingly difficult to figure her out after experiencing so much with her. 
Meanwhile, Ivor occasionally glanced toward the ward entrance, waiting for someone to come. Then, someone knocked on the door. 
“That should be the doctor. I’ll get the door.” Floyd quickly opened the door. 
Ivor instinctively looked over, only to see a man in a hat standing there. The man’s face remained covered, making it hard to see his features. 
Floyd asked with uncertainty, “Are you the doctor who cured the mother of the SR League’s owner?” 
Although the doctor’s features remained hidden, Floyd and Ivor could tell he seemed young. The doctor was most probably in his early twenties, judging by his overall appearance. 
“Yeah, that’s me,” Bonnie said in a lowered voice. She then shifted her gaze and met Ivor’s intense eyes. 
‘Why’s he looking at me like that? There’s no way he managed to recognize me again.‘ 
Not only did Bonnie dress as a man, but she also changed her appearance. She thought Ivor could not see through her. Maybe she was overthinking while he curiously sized her up. 
“Please come in.” Floyd gestured for her to enter. 
Bonnie nodded and entered, ignoring Ivor’s curious stare. She went straight to Winnie and asked, “Are you the patient, Ma’am?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 184
Chapter 184 
“Yeah, I’m the patient. I’ve had this issue with my legs for many years. Think you can fix it, Doc?” Winnie looked at Bonnie with hopeful eyes. 
“Let me take a look first,” Bonnie said, though she already knew she could heal Winnie’s legs. After a quick examination, she added, “It’s pretty severe, but I can treat it. Still, it might take some time for you to recover fully.” 
Winnie was overjoyed. She grabbed Bonnie’s hand and said, “Really? You can cure me?” 
Ivor glanced at Bonnie’s hand and noticed its complexion matched her exposed neck. He began to wonder if he had been overthinking things. 
‘Perhaps Bonnie really was just teasing Grandma.‘ 
Bonnie noticed Ivor gazing at her hand. She could not help but smirk beneath her mask. She knew he was always observant and suspicious. With what Bonnie told Winnie several days ago, it was highly likely that the older woman had told Ivor about it. 
That was why Bonnie chose to disguise herself as a man. Initially, she did not mind revealing her identity to Winne. However, Bonnie saw Winnie’s disbelief and figured explaining it to Ivor would be another hassle. After careful reconsideration, she opted not to expose her true identity. 
Nonetheless, she reassured Winnie, “Don’t worry. I can cure your legs.” 
Winne was ecstatic. “You’re amazing! I don’t feel any soreness already. You’re a miracle worker, Doc.” 
Bonnie smiled while packing her things. She then stood up and said, “I’ll come back at the same time next week.” 
As she was about to leave, Ivor stood up and said, “I’ll walk you out.” 
“No need to be so formal, Mr. Ivor. You should stay and care for your grandma instead. I have something to attend to anyway.” Bonnie felt uneasy under Ivor’s intense gaze. 
“It’s okay. I’ll escort you out,” Ivor insisted, “I want to discuss my grandmother’s treatment with you.” 
Bonnie was unable to decline his offer and could only agree reluctantly, “All right 
then.” 
While walking ahead, Bonnie said, “I’ve explained your grandma’s situation 
properly just now, Mr. Ivor. Do you have further questions?” 
Ivor scrutinized Bonnie from head to toe and asked, “You mentioned that she won’t show immediate results. How long till this whole thing blows over? I’d like to have an idea of when that is.” 
“Well… At least three months. Your grandma’s leg issue has been around for a while, after all. We need to treat it slowly and can’t rush it. We’ll gradually remove the osteoarthritis and then strengthen her body. She should be as good as new within six months,” Bonnie explained. 
“Six months, huh?” Ivor looked surprised. “Then she’ll be as good as new?” 
Ivor sighed and added, “I’m curious. If you’re so skilled at medicine, why haven’t I heard much about you?” 
Bonnie raised a brow. “If that were the case, do you think I’d have time for my personal affairs? Besides, medicine is just my hobby, not my primary profession.” 
Ivor was even more surprised. 
‘It’s just a hobby, yet he’s already achieved so much? Who is this guy?‘ “We’ve talked for so long, and I still don’t know your name, Doc.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 185
Chapter 185 
Bonnie had expected Ivor to question her, so she came prepared. “My name’s Fanelli.” 
She used Welma’s surname as her alias. 
“Care to join me for dinner, Dr. Fanelli?” Ivor extended an invitation. 
she 
Bonnie lowered her gaze, knowing he still harbored doubts. In that case, decided to play along. “Since you were kind enough to invite me, I won’t decline.” Soon after, the duo had dinner in a luxurious private room at Jade Horizon Hotel. Ivor even ordered an extravagant feast. He then raised his glass, saying, “Cheers to you, Dr. Fanelli.” 
While reaching for her mask, Bonnie noticed Ivor staring intently. With the mask off, “she” clinked her glass with Ivor. After seeing “his” face, Ivor calmly lowered his gaze. Indeed, he had overthought. 
Later that evening, Ivor returned to the villa alone and saw Bonnie sitting on the couch, watching the news. He casually approached and sat beside Bonnie. “ You’re different from other girls. Most of them don’t enjoy watching the news.” 
The two sat close to each other, almost touching shoulders. Bonnie felt uncomfortable and scooted over a little, asking, “So, how’s your grandma doing?” 
“The doctor is highly skilled and dependable. Grandma should be as good as new in six months.” 
“Wow, that’s impressive,” Bonnie replied nonchalantly. 
Ivor had been observing Bonnie since he entered the house. Still, the latter’s gaze remained on the TV, showing no emotional fluctuations. Ivor frowned and asked, “When will the team finish building Lenfield Resort?” 
“Hamish said they should finish it next month, around the time school starts,” Bonnie replied as she continued to watch TV. 
Suddenly, Ivor reached for her shoulder and turned her to face him. His voice carried a hint of pleading, “Can’t you stay here just a little longer?” 
Bonnie’s heart softened momentarily, but reason quickly overcame her 
emotions. “I’ll feel like a sugar baby if I stay any longer. I’m uncomfortable with that.” 
“I don’t see it that way at all.” 
Chapter 105 
“I know, but I do,” Bonnie said firmly, determined to move out. 
(( 
Seeing Bonnie’s resolve, Ivor did not insist further. He knew this would be the outcome, but it was still hard for him to accept. He reminded Bonnie, Remember, you owe me a favor.” 
Of course, Bonnie remembered. She had promised Ivor during the final race that she would agree to his favor if it were not excessive, like getting married. 
“Fine, lay it on me. What’s the favor?” 
“I want to take you to the beach this Saturday. Just the two of us.” 
Bonnie caught on. “Are you planning something?” 
“You’re smart. You’re the only one I’ve set my eyes on, after all,” Ivor said proudly, “So, do you agree? It’s not an unreasonable request, right?” 
After some thought, Bonnie asked skeptically, “You won’t make me wear a revealing bikini or anything, will you?” 
“Do you think I’m that pervy?” Despite his composed tone, he had considered it before. 
Bonnie’s eyes suddenly widened as she looked at him. “You won’t be n***, right?!” 
Ivor chuckled, enjoying the banter. “I can do that if you’re interested in seeing my package.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 186
Chapter 186 
Bonnie held her breath as she watched Ivor approach so suddenly. She moved 
over again to increase the distance between them, saying, “You claim you’re not a perve, yet you said something pervy.” 
“Hahaha!” Ivor could not help but burst into laughter when he saw Bonnie 
blushing. “All right, then. I’ll be whatever you want me to be.” 
He was in a good mood, no matter what his fiancee said. 
The weekend passed in the blink of an eye. Benedict stood nervously at Tang Fusion Studios door. He muttered, “Did Bonnie prank me? Hmm, she’s not the type to joke around, especially not with something like this.” 
At that moment, he received a call from Bonnie, “Are you there yet?” 
“I, uh, just got here.” 
“Then, hurry and get your a*** in there. I’ve already informed the people inside that you’re coming. Everything will be okay.” 
Benedict gulped nervously. “Bonnie, are you sure they won’t kick me out?” 
“You’re my brother. Who would dare do that? I just reached work. Go inside!” Bonnie then hung up and entered the research institute. 
“Hey, wasn’t that Bonnie?” Halle stared at the research institute’s gate. 
“Bonnie? That’s not possible.” Rowina looked over but only saw a figure entering the building. 
Halle scratched the back of her head and said with uncertainty, “That woman who entered the building looked like Bonnie at first glance.” 
“That’s impossible. That’s Ms. Bonita’s research institute, after all. Bonnie can’t even get in, even if she tried. Do you think she’s a researcher or a professor or something?” 
“Hehe.” Halle chuckled with contempt. “If she were, I’d cut off my head and use it as a soccer ball. Even if she could get in, she would be the janitor.” 
“I don’t think she even deserves to do that. The institute always does a 
background check on whoever wants to enter or work there. How could Bonnie possibly get in?” Rowina said disdainfully. 
“Forget about her. She’s boring to talk about. Come on, let’s go shopping.” Halle pulled Rowina. 
Benedict took a deep breath and then said through gritted teeth, “S*** it. I’m going in.” 
After adjusting his suit, he confidently entered the building and went to the front desk. “Hello, I’m here to apply for a part–time job. My sister mentioned- 
“Are you Mr. Benedict?” The receptionist was extremely respectful toward him. 
“Y–Yes, I am.” 
“Welcome, Mr. Benedict. Mr. Hamish told me to bring you to his office as soon as you arrived.” 
Benedict was puzzled, stuttering, “M–Mr. Hamish? Wh–which Mr. Hamish are you referring to?” 
“It seems you love jokes, don’t you, Mr. Benedict? We only have one Mr. Hamish here, the CEO.” 
Benedict gulped again. Of course, he knew the name of the company’s owner since he was in Tang Fusion Studios. Still, he was shocked that Hamish would personally receive him. Benedict wondered how his sister had such connections. In a daze, he followed the receptionist to the CEO’s office. “Mr. Hamish, Mr. Benedict has arrived.” 
Benedict could not stop looking at Hamish, who was sitting at the desk. 
‘It really is the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios! A country boy like me is meeting the big shot on my first day at the company!‘ 
The more he thought about it, the more nervous he became. He even began to sweat a little. 
Hamish stood up and approached him, extending a handshake. “Welcome, Mr. Benedict.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 187
Chapter 187 
Benedict felt flattered as he shook Hamish’s hand with his sweaty palm. 
“No need to be nervous, Mr. Benedict. Please, have a seat and make yourself at home.” Hamish gestured for Benedict to sit on the sofa while instructing his assistant, “Make some tea, will you? Use the fresh batch of the tea that just arrived.” 
“Right away, Mr. Hamish.” 
Benedict felt uneasy but gathered his courage to ask, “Mr. Hamish, do you know my sister?” 
“Of course I do. We’ve known each other a long time,” Hamish replied truthfully. 
“So, um, what’s your relationship with her? Why are you taking such good care of me, Mr. Hamish?” 
“Didn’t she tell you?” Hamish countered. 
“N–No, Mr. Hamish, she didn’t tell me anything.” Benedict shook his head. 
“In that case.” Hamish shrugged. “I won’t say much either. You can ask your sister about my relationship with her.” 
Benedict wondered if Bonnie was fooling around. However, deep down, he felt she would not do such a thing. With Hamish being so attentive, Benedict would not believe it if his sister told him they were just ordinary friends. 
“Let’s not dwell on that, Mr. Benedict. Your sister told me you enjoy designing. Is that correct?” 
Hamish asked. 
“Yes, indeed, I do.” Benedict nodded. 
↑ 
“Do you have any formal training in design?” 
“No, Mr. Hamish. I just doodle around as a hobby at home whenever I get bored.” 
“Do you have any samples I can look at?” 
“Yes, I do.” Benedict handed over his prepared design drafts to Hamish. 
After looking at them, Hamish’s eyes lit up. “You’re a talented young man. How about you follow me from now on? I’ll take you on as my apprentice and personally mentor you.” 
Benedict was shocked beyond words. Although Hamish praised his talent, he had a realistic understanding of the world. Benedict knew there were many talented people in the world. Having Hamish as a personal mentor was a dream countless designers wished for. 
Although Benedict had never received any formal training in design, Hamish was already offering to mentor him directly. 
From that, Benedict deduced that his sister’s relationship with Hamish must be extraordinary. Benedict felt he needed to ask his sister about it. 
Chapter 187 
2/2 
That evening, Bonnie went to meet her foster parents for dinner. Even Ivor came along. Welma asked curiously, “Who’s that, Bonnie?” 
Bonnie had a headache from when Ivor insisted on tagging along. Before she could say anything, Ivor took the initiative to introduce himself. “Mother, Father, here’s the gift I got you.” 
Ivor had several shopping bags containing branded clothes, expensive wine, and more. These items cost millions collectively. 
Welma and Gerald were shocked by Ivor’s form of address. The older couple turned to look at Bonnie, 
who had a headache. She felt even more stressed now. 
“B–Bonnie? He called us… He said…” 
“Ignore him. Let him call you whatever he wants.” Bonnie glared at Ivor as she spoke. 
Suddenly, Welma and Gerald guessed what was happening. They suspected Ivor was trying to pursue their foster daughter. However, they treated Ivor as their half–son–in–law since they thought Bonnie 
did not dislike him. 
“Okay, let’s not stand at the doorway. The dishes are on the table. Let’s eat before they get cold.” Welma said, thinking Ivor was pleasing to the eye. She added, “You’re quite the looker, young man. How old are you?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 188
Chapter 188 
1/2 
“I’m twenty–seven this year,” Ivor replied. 
Gerald whispered to Welma, “He’s quite a bit older than Bonnie.” 
Although Ivor could not hear them, he could read their lips. He had heard about Gerald’s love for alcohol before coming. He poured a glass and handed it to Gerald, saying, “Dad, this is the wine I brought you. Give it a try.” 
“Sure, don’t mind if I do.” Gerald stared at the wine and sipped it. Immediately after, his eyes lit up as he exclaimed, “Wow, it tastes fantastic!” 
Ivor said smilingly, “I have a collection of exquisite liquors at home. If you like any of them, feel free to take them all with you.” 
“I can’t do that.” 
“It’s okay. I’m not much of a drinker myself. They’ll just sit there and gather dust if you don’t take them off my hands. Don’t be shy, Father. You can call me son once I marry your daughter. Parents shouldn’t be so shy with their children and in–laws, right?” 
Gerald did not know how to respond. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie watched as Ivor won over her parents. She felt amused and speechless but said 
nothing. 
Welma asked, “Where do you work, Ivor? How big is your family?” 
“Mom, we haven’t even started eating yet. Here, have some.” Bonnie scooped some dishes onto Welma’s plate. 
P 
“This young man has chased you so far, yet I can’t even ask about him? It concerns your lifelong happiness, you know?” 
Ivor replied, “Well, there are four main members of my family. Also, I work for the Knight Group.” 
“The Knight Group?!” Benedict bolted to his feet. “Are you referring to the city’s top company?! The wealthiest family in the city owns that company.” 
Ivor nodded. “That’s the one.” 
Benedict stammered in shock, “Y–Your last name is Knight, too. Wait, are you from the Knight family?!” 
Welma and Gerald stopped eating and stared at Ivor. 
Ivor was about to answer when Bonnie interjected, “He’s just an ordinary employee at the Knight Group.” 
She lied because she feared her foster parents would worry about her. After all, she was just a country 
Chapter 188 
2/2 
girl in their eyes. If Ivor, the city’s richest man, pursued her just to play with her heart and abandon her, the older couple would be furious. 
Ivor glanced at Bonnie and understood her reason for lying. So, he cooperated and said, “I just happen to have the same surname as them.” 
Welma and Gerald sighed, somewhat relieved. The meal went by joyfully, and after sending the older couple and Benedict back to their hotel, Ivor was alone. Bonnie stayed with her parents because they would leave the next day, and she wanted to spend more time with them. 
Benedict had a lot on his mind, saying, “Bonnie, I have something to ask you.” 
“Go ahead.” Bonnie followed her brother outside. 
As they walked on the street, Benedict suddenly stopped and said, “The interview went well today.” 
Bonnie smiled. “See, I told you not to worry.” 
“Mr. Hamish said he wants to mentor me personally.” 
“Well, you have a natural talent for design. I’d expect Hamish to say something like that.” 
“He was exceptionally kind to me and offered a high salary with many privileges.” 
“That just means he values you a lot.” 
“Bonnie!” Benedict exclaimed, “Don’t you have anything else to say?! I know my worth. Even if I’m somewhat talented, Mr. Hamish is the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios and one of the world’s best designers. Why would he treat me so well?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 189
Chapter 189 
Bonnie patted Benedict’s shoulder. “I’ll tell you the truth, but you have to promise not to tell anyone 
else.” 
“Not even Mom and Dad?” Benedict asked. 
After pondering for a moment, she replied, “That’s up to you.‘ 
“All right, spill it. I’m ready,” Benedict had already speculated various possibilities. One was that Hamish was Bonnie’s admirer. 
Bonnie slowly said, “Actually, I am the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios.” 
This news shocked Benedict. 
He had considered ten thousand possibilities, but he never connected Bonnie with being the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios. After all, his sister was so young. He knew his sister was talented, but Tang Fusion Studios was a leading company in the city. 
“Bonnie, are you… are you serious?” 
!! 
“Why else would Hamish personally mentor you?” Bonnie said with a smile. 
Benedict’s mouth hung wide open for a while. 
The next day, Bonnie accompanied Welma and Gerald to the train station. 
“Mom, here are some snacks I prepared for you. Eat them if you get hungry on the way,” Bonnie said, handing a tote bag to Welma and Gerald. 
Welma’s eyes were a bit teary. “My dear girl, you are so filial.” 
“Benny, you’re a man now. Take good care of your sister and protect her, you hear?” Gerald 
instructed Benedict. 
“Don’t worry. That’s my duty,” Benedict said but complained internally. After all, his sister was the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios and had immeasurable wealth. So, if anyone were taking care of someone, it would be his sister taking care of him. 
Benedict didn’t tell his parents that Bonnie was the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios. He was afraid they would be scared, just as he was. After seeing the two off, Bonnie and Benedict received messages simultaneously on their phones. 
It was a notification from Twitter. “HamishEvans took in a disciple named Benedict yesterday.” 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow and turned to Benedict. “It seems like he intends to pass on his mantle to you.” 
Benedict was still in shock, completely bewildered by Hamish’s high–profile announcement. 
Bonnie smiled. “Hamish’s intention is simple. He wants to cultivate you so you can share the 
Chapter 189 
2/2 
workload with him.” 
Hamish was playing a good game. Since she wasn’t going to the company, he was going to let her brother take her place. 
This news also reached the Shepard family’s ears. 
“Trina, I remember your brother from the countryside. His name is Benedict, right?” Vera looked at 
Trina and asked. 
“Mom, you’re not thinking that the designer Hamish took as a disciple is my brother, are you?” 
“I’m just asking. How could that be possible? That country bumpkin–oh, sorry, I mean, that’s your brother,” Vera stopped halfway, realizing her words were inappropriate. 
Trina took Vera’s hand. “Mom, I don’t blame you. It’s okay. Besides, in Benedict’s heart, there’s only Bonnie. I have given up and no longer regard him as my brother. To me, you and Dad are the only two dearest family members I have.” 
Vera patted Trina’s back affectionately. “You’ve been through a lot, my dear.” 
By the way, I heard that Hamish is planning a disciple reception at a nearby entertainment club in a few days. You and Hadwin should go there together. Maybe, if you’re lucky, you might meet Hamish’s disciple. If you can make friends, it’ll be a huge opportunity,” Vera remembered and suggested. 
“Okay, Mom, you can rest assured. I’ll make it happen,” Trina said, confident in her social skills. In the blink of an eye, Saturday arrived. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 190
Chapter 190 
Early in the morning, Bonnie was dragged to the beach by Ivor. Just as Bonnie expected, the usually crowded beach was empty. 
“Clearing this place must’ve cost quite a bit,” Bonnie remarked, 
“No worries, for me, it’s just a drop in the bucket,” Ivor said with a smile. 
“You’re such a spendthrift,” Bonnie gouldn’t help but complain. 
Ivor leaned in close to Bonnie’s face. “1 only know how to make money, not manage it. That’s why I urgently need a wife like you.” 
Looking at Ivor intentionally opening his coat, Bonnie blushed slightly and took a step back. 
This guy wasn’t wearing anything underneath. 
“You’ve got the wrong person then. I only know how to make money, too,” Bonnie said. 
Ivor noticed Bonnie’s slightly reddened face and quickly took off his coat. 
However, it didn’t end there. 
The sound of a metal zipper echoed. 
Bonnie turned her head away immediately. 
“Are you trying to be a p***?” 
“I can’t swim in long pants, can I? Don’t worry. I’m not that creepy. I’m wearing swim trunks underneath,” Ivor said, wanting to tease Bonnie a bit more but afraid of going too far and scaring her 
off. 
Bonnie looked back, seeing a man wearing only swim trunks, his well–built physique attracting attention. She knew that if the beach weren’t empty, every female present would be looking at Ivor. 
“There’s a swimsuit I prepared for you in the trunk. Why don’t you change into it?” Ivor opened the 
trunk and said. 
Bonnie glanced at the luggage inside. She slightly raised her eyebrows. “You didn’t prepare something only weirdos would wear, did you?” 
“You’re overthinking it. Everything is perfectly normal,” Ivor assured. 
Although Ivor said so, Bonnie still didn’t believe him. 
“I’ll just go like this.” 
With that, Bonnie walked toward the seashore and went deep into the water, plunging in. 
Ivor looked at the swimsuits in the trunk, which were a hundred sets in total, all carefully selected by him. If possible, he really wanted to see Bonnie in every set. 
Chapter 190 
2/2 
Just as he was thinking about it, Bonnie emerged from the sea. 
She swept her wet hair to the front, revealing her smooth and fair forehead. The seawater dampened her white coat, exposing the hidden beauty within. 
“It’s black.” Ivor’s Adam’s apple bobbed, his voice hoarse, his eyes staring fixedly at this dazzling 
sight. 
At this moment, he felt that the girl, in this way, might be more alluring than wearing a swimsuit. 
Gradually, Ivor couldn’t control his legs. Step by step, he walked into the sea, swimming toward 
Bonnie. 
Bonnie didn’t notice anything strange at first. She only realized something was wrong when Ivor’s gaze became too intense. Curious, she looked down at herself and blushed the next second. 
“You’re shameless!” Bonnie scolded Ivor. 
Ivor continued to stare, saying, “Aren’t you intentionally dressing like this to show me?” 
Bonnie squinted dangerously, then turned around and swam toward the deeper part of the sea. 
“Don’t swim too far. The water gets too deep over there. You’re not prepared for such activities. What will you do if you swim over there and cramp up?” Ivor’s words had just finished when Bonnie suddenly m*** and disappeared into the water. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 191
Chapter 191 
“Bonnie!” Ivor’s heart leaped to his throat. He rushed over, dived into the water, and pulled Bonnie 
out. 
“Are you okay?” Ivor looked at Bonnie with concern. 
Bonnie’s face turned pale as she massaged her leg. “Hiss–I got a cramp, you idiot,” 
“It’s my fault! I know I’m an idiot.” Ivor frowned, feeling guilty and worried. 
Bonnie’s heart suddenly softened as she stared at the man with bright, shining eyes. As she continued to look, her heartbeat quickened. 
“Let me help you massage.” Ivor reached out. 
“No, I can do it myself. It’s fine.” Bonnie lowered her gaze, concealing her emotions. 
“Be good, don’t refuse me now, okay, Bonnie?” The man’s voice was so gentle it seemed to melt 
Bonnie’s heart. 
Bonnie pursed her lips, retracting her hand that she had just extended. 
Seeing Bonnie no longer resisting, Ivor gently lifted her leg and placed it on his own thigh, providing support. His fingers massaged and kneaded Bonnie’s leg, occasionally asking a question or two. 
“Is the pressure too much? Do you want it lighter?” 
A few minutes later, Bonnie’s leg felt better after Ivor’s massage. 
“Thank you. I’m feeling much better now.” 
“You always like thanking me. I hope for the day when you no longer thank me but consider everything I do as part of my duty.” Ivor looked affectionately at Bonnie. 
Bonnie couldn’t bear the way he looked at her now. Each time, it was as if he was sucking her in. 
“It’s a bit cold. I want to find a place to rest.” 
“Okay.” Ivor draped a dry towel over Bonnie, helping her stand. 
“I’ll carry you.” 
“No-” Before she could finish the word, the man had already carried her on his back. 
Initially, she thought of resisting a bit, but when she was lying on the man’s back, it felt like a person who had been tired for a long time finally lying down on a bed. She suddenly lost her strength, not wanting to move. 
Bonnie felt her eyelids getting heavier. Desiring sleep, she reached out, hugged the man’s neck, and slowly fell asleep on his back. 
When she woke up, she found herself in a room in a private villa. 
Chapter 191 
212 
Without guessing, she knew this must be Ivor’s private villa by the seaside. 
Dang dang dang–the sound of knocking echoed. 
“Come in.‘ 
Suddenly, William opened the door. 
“Why are you here?” 
“With my skills, do you think I can’t find you? Even if you turn to ashes at the ends of the earth, I can still find you.” 
Bonnie stayed silent. 
“Bonnie, you’re biased. You’re actually on a date with another man. When I used to invite you, you never agreed,” William complained tearfully. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 192
Chapter 192 
Bonnie couldn’t stand it when William spoke to her in that melodramatic tone. “I just owe Ivor a favor, so I came out with him. Besides, being at the seaside with him doesn’t mean it’s a date.” 
“Well then, since you put it that way, you’re coming to the beach tomorrow with me.” 
Bonnie flatly refused. “Go to the beach with you on a date? No way.” 
William’s mouth twitched. “So going to the beach with Ivor isn’t a date, but going with me is? Bonnie, you’re so double–standard. I don’t get it. What does Ivor have that I don’t? Tell me. It’s not fair.” 
Looking at William’s aggrieved expression, Bonnie’s headache intensified. “Can you talk properly? You sound like a child, so immature and reckless.” 
At these words, William suddenly froze, staring at Bonnie for a few seconds before he came to a realization. “I get it. So, Bonnie, you like someone mature, steady, expressionless -a domineering CEO type.” 
William’s expression shifted, and he walked up to Bonnie. He extended his hand, pinning her against. the wall. In a commanding tone, he said, “Woman, you can’t escape my grasp.” 
Now, not only did Bonnie’s mouth twitch, but even the corners of her eyes twitched, too. Her fists clenched tighter and tighter. Her expression was on the verge of breaking down, and she was close to losing control, ready to throw a punch. 
Just then, Ivor’s low, icy voice echoed at the doorway. 
“What are you doing? Let her go!” 
With his voice, Ivor strode over, swiftly pulling William’s collar from behind. 
“You’re pulling my collar again. I’ll tell you, I’m a civilized person. Don’t push me, or I might have to take action!” William turned his head, coldly locking eyes with Ivor. 
“This is my private villa. Are you telling me to let you go? How civilized!” Ivor dragged William to the side. Then, he stood next to Bonnie and extended his long arms, wrapping them around her 
shoulders. 
Seeing this, Jacques, who was nearby, quickly appeared behind William. Floyd and Jim, who was now Tim, also appeared simultaneously. 
“Don’t you dare lay a hand on my boss.” Jacques charged forward. 
Floyd was the first to intervene, but after two or three rounds, Jacques dodged him. 
“Not good!” Floyd turned around to see Jacques and Jim entangled in a fight. 
His eyes widened. He knew Tim was formidable, but being on par with Jacques was something he hadn’t expected. In his memory, only Jim was that capable. 
Chapter 192 
212 
“Tim, don’t force it. You’re no match for Jacques. Retreat now!” Bonnie was worried that continuing the fight would expose Jim’s identity. 
Jim instantly understood Bonnie’s signal. After exchanging punches with Jacques, he pretended to be overwhelmed, staggering backward several steps. 
Jim’s act was convincing, but whether Ivor believed it or not remained to be seen. 
Bonnie quietly looked up at Ivor and noticed that he was staring at Jim. 
She decided to ignore it for now. Once the Lenfield Resort was complete, she would move out of the Knights‘ residence. At that time, Jim would also leave. 
William looked at Bonnie. “Bonnie, you must promise me. Go on a date with me tomorrow. No, I can’t 
wait. Let’s make it today. You have to go on a date with me. 
“1 
After giving William a cold glance, Ivor hugged Bonnie tightly. “Let’s grab something to eat together later, then we’ll go watch a movie. Don’t bother about him.” 
Bonnie indicated that she didn’t want to deal with either of them. “I just want to be alone.” Ivor grabbed Bonnie’s hand and kissed it. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 193
Chapter 193 
1/2 
“Go ahead. If you don’t, I’ll keep pestering you. I’ll even quit my job. From now on, I’ll follow you to Lenfield Resort. I’ll serve you, do your laundry, cook, and give you massages. No matter how you try to get rid of me, I won’t leave.” 
In her mind, Bonnie envisioned the man constantly hovering around her like a relentless shadow. It felt a bit overwhelming. Helplessly, she had to leave with Ivor. 
William was on the verge of tears. “Bonnie, you’re so biased. You find me childish. Isn’t Ivor’s just as childish?” 
Bonnie couldn’t be bothered with William. She turned to Ivor and said, “Let’s go. Walk faster. Ignore 
him.” 
“All right, as you say. 
“Ouch.” William scratched his head, looking at Jim, “Why? Why does Bonnie have to go with him?” 
Jim also ignored him and walked away. Floyd looked at William, then at Jim’s departing figure, getting increasingly confused. 
The seaside excursion came to an end, and immediately following was a party hosted by Hamish, celebrating the recruitment of new members for the entire company. 
On such a grand occasion, Bonnie naturally had to attend. Holding a highball glass, Benedict approached Bonnie, looking awkward. 
“You’ll get used to these kinds of events as you experience more of them in the future,” Bonnie said, sipping her cocktail. 
↑ 
Benedict nodded. “I’ll go to the restroom first.” 
“I need to go too.” Bonnie set down her glass. 
The siblings had just walked out when they bumped into Trina and Hadwin, who were about to enter. 
Seeing Bonnie didn’t surprise them much since they had long known she was an employee of Tang Fusion Studios. However, they were briefly stunned to see Benedict before realizing that Benedict could come here, probably because of Bonnie. 
“Ignore them,” Bonnie said to Benedict. Afterward, she took a step to leave, but Hadwin stopped her. 
“You were lucky the last time. The revised proposal happened to catch Hamish’s eye, but you’re nothing to me. I am a noble scion, and you can never escape your rural fate.” 
“Is that so? I don’t remember which noble scion got thrown out by the security last time,” Bonnie 
retorted with a cold and sarcastic tone. 
“Bonnie, are you proud? Do you really think Hamish would give up cooperation with my family for a mere employee like you? What he said that day was just to scare me. It’s to protect Tang Fusion 
Chapter 193 
Studios’s reputation. After all, a lot of people were there that day. 
2/2 
“If it got out that even his employees couldn’t be protected, who would dare to work at Tang Fusion Studios? I can guarantee that in other situations, Hamish would definitely support me, not you, an ordinary employee.” 
“Quite the clever one, you,” Bonnie retorted. 
“Whether you understand.” 
admit it or not, that’s the fact. This is the upper echelon, something you’ll never 
Trina looked at Benedict. “Benedict, because we are siblings, I’ll remind you to stay away from 
Bonnie. Don’t end up getting involved in her mess.” 
“I can tell for myself who’s good and who’s bad.” Benedict’s eyes were full of rage. Trina snorted. “You’ll regret it.” 
5 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 194
Chapter 194 
1/2 
“Benedict, where’s Mr. Hamish’s new apprentice?” 
Benedict paused, looking somewhat peculiar. “Why do you want to find him?” 
“That’s none of your business. Just tell me where the apprentice is,” Trina ordered Benedict arrogantly. 
Benedict felt speechless by Trina’s demeanor. “Aren’t you competent? If you’re so capable, find him yourself.” 
After saying that, Benedict turned to Bonnie. “Let’s go to the restroom.” 
“Sure.” Bonnie nodded, took a few steps, then turned back to look at Trina and Hadwin. She had already guessed their intentions. 
When they returned, the head of the finance department came over with two people. 
“Mr. Benedict, someone wants to see you.” 
Not many people in the company knew about Bonnie’s identity, and this supervisor was unaware. 
“Who wants to see me?” Benedict looked back in confusion. When he saw the faces of Trina and Hadwin, he was surprised and somewhat belatedly realized. 
“Is it really you? How–how is this possible? How can Mr. Hamish possibly accept you as an apprentice?” 
Trina was so surprised that she was at a loss for words. Hadwin also widened his eyes in disbelief. 
A country bumpkin had actually leaped to success. 
“So, you already knew each other? That’s great. I don’t need to introduce him,” the head of the finance department said with a smile. 
Trina, after exerting considerable effort, finally recovered from her disbelief, showing a smiling face. 
“Not only do we know each other, but he’s also my younger brother.” 
“So, you two are siblings?” The head of the finance department looked surprised. 
Benedict sneered, “Trina, do you know your face is hideous? Before you knew I was Mr. Hamish’s apprentice, you despised me and looked down on me as a country person. Now, you want to tell people I’m your brother?” 
Trina looked at Benedict with tears in her eyes. “Benny, we have the same parents. We’re real siblings. Besides, back then, it wasn’t that I despised you. Clearly, you only acknowledge Bonnie as your sister and refuse to acknowledge me.” 
As she spoke, tears rolled down her face. 
Chapter 194 
2/2 
Hadwin embraced Trina, comforting her while looking at Benedict and saying, “What you said just now was really inappropriate. Trina is right. She’s your real sister. Bonnie is nothing. 
“Benedict, listen to me, apologize to your sister. From now on, when you live in my place, I’ll see you as my real brother. The household staff is at your disposal. Whatever you want, just give the order. However-” 
At this point, he changed the subject, glancing at Bonnie, and then continued, “You can’t call her your sister in the future, and you aren’t allowed to have any interaction with her. I’m doing this for your own good. 
“Now that you are Mr. Hamish’s disciple, you’re in our prestigious circle of Pyralis. Associating with some non–influential people will affect your reputation and future.” 
Benedict clenched his fists tightly, wanting to punch Hadwin. Benedict wanted to tell him that Bonnie was the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios, and he was the insignificant one here. 
“Hadwin, you were originally my sister’s fiance but are blind. Also, Trina, you did it all by yourself. Although you’ve deceived many people, I believe the truth will come out. Get out now. Don’t let me see you again!” 
“Benny, you-” 
“Trina, if you don’t leave, I’ll ask my boss to come over and kick you out!” After saying this, Benedict turned his head away, not even wanting to look at them. 
Trina snorted in her heart, cursing Bonnie. Passing by Bonnie, she saw Bonnie holding a wine glass. 
Trina rolled her eyes and suddenly came up with a plan. Pretending to twist her ankle, she bumped into Bonnie intentionally. 
1 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 195
Chapter 195 
She wanted to see Bonnie make a fool of herself and say it was an accident. 
Bonnie had been on guard against Trina the moment she pretended to fall. She quickly extended her foot, tripping Trina. 
Trina exclaimed, her body losing balance and falling face down. 
In pain and tears, Trina pointed accusingly at Bonnie with a face full of grievance. As she was about to say something, Bonnie’s voice preempted her. 
“Sorry, I accidentally stuck my leg out.” 
Trina choked on all the words she was about to say, and her face turned increasingly blue. 
“Accidentally? I think you did it on purpose!” Hadwin roared uncontrollably. Then, he turned to the head of the finance department. “She’s an employee of your company. Aren’t you going to do something?” 
Having received benefits from Hadwin and considering Hadwin’s status, the head of the finance department had already made a judgment. Bonnie was just a negligible employee, and they couldn’t be compared. 
“Bonnie, you are malicious. It was a minor encounter with Trina, but you went out of your way to embarrass her. I won’t fire you today, considering you are Mr. Benedict’s relative. Just apologize to Ms. Trina, and it’ll be fine.” 
Bonnie lifted her gaze slightly, her cold eyes meeting the indifferent ones of the head of the finance 
department. 
“Did you take Hadwin’s bribe?” 
The head of the finance department felt a thud in his heart, and his expression crumbled a bit. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? I’m just being ive. What are you saying?” 
Bonnie continued, “Today is the day Mr. Hamish is accepting disciples, and this place is where Tang Fusion Studios is hosting a banquet for all employees. Who allowed you to bring outsiders in without permission?” 
The head of the finance department’s expression dropped even more. Somehow, Bonnie’s indifferent demeanor gave him an inexplicable sense of coercion. 
It was strange, seeing that it was from a mere intern. 
“As the head of the finance department, I have my principles. Can an intern like you question my decisions?” 
Bonnie had utterly lost her patience. “From now on, you’re fired.” 
Chapter 195 
2/2 
The head of the finance department, Trina, and Hadwin all stared blankly. After a brief second, they looked at Bonnie as if she were a fool. 
“You fired me? On what grounds do you have the right to fire me? Who do you think you are? Or did you drink too much and are talking nonsense? Forget you. Even Mr. Benedict doesn’t have the right to fire me casually. 
“I’m a long–time employee of the company, working hard for years. Even if you don’t like me, you must give me a proper reason when you report to Mr. Hamish. You can’t just fire me at will.” 
The head of the finance department raised his head, full of confidence. He believed Bonnie had no right to dismiss him, and even Benedict couldn’t make such a decision. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 196
Chapter 196 
“Consider yourself lucky. I have other matters to attend to,” the finance department head coldly 
snorted. 
Bonnie lightly raised her eyebrows. “You have other matters to attend to? Isn’t it Mr. Hamish who wants to see you?” 
The finance department head’s pupils instantly dilated. ‘She knew? Does that mean Mr. Hamish calling me over is really related to Bonnie?‘ 
Trina and Hadwin exchanged a glance. Their speculations matched those of the finance department head, but guesses were just guesses. It might be a coincidence that Bonnie figured it out. 
Soon, the finance department head stood in front of Hamish. 
“Mr. Hamish, do you have something to discuss with me?” 
Hamish maintained a stern face. “You’ve been fired.” 
The finance department head’s face instantly showed an expression of disbelief, and Bonnie’s figure appeared in his mind. Waves of shock surged in his heart. 
10 
“Mr. Hamish, why are you firing me for no reason? I’ve been with the company for a long time. You can’t dismiss me without cause! I won’t accept this! And if this matter gets out, if other colleagues hear that you’re arbitrarily firing employees, everyone will resist.” 
“Are you threatening me?” Hamish’s voice suddenly turned cold, frightening the finance department 
head. 
“No, no, how would I dare to threaten you? I’m just defending my rights and discussing the matter on 
its own merits.” 
Hamish stood up. “All right, you want to discuss the matter on its own merits, right? Let me tell you the reason I fired you. It’s because you dared to go against the tide and disrespect the company’s leadership!” 
“No! I didn’t. Mr. Hamish, if you say that about me, then tell me, who did I disrespect among the leaders? Shouldn’t there be evidence for such things?” The finance department head retorted. 
Hamish spoke slowly, emphasizing each word, “Bonnie…Shepard.” 
The finance department head was puzzled, “Bonnie? She’s just an intern. If you want to talk about this, I’m the leader here. She disrespected me. She should be fired.” 
“She should be fired? You’re just a small finance department head. Where did you get the audacity to dare to fire the company’s chairman?” Hamish unleashed his imposing manner, scaring the head of the finance department. 
At this moment, the finance department head felt as if a bolt of lightning had struck him. He couldn’t 
Chapter 196 
believe what he had just heard. 
2/2 
However, Hamish didn’t seem to be joking. Suddenly, the finance department head collapsed, sitting on the ground. His face was pale, sweat pouring down like rain. 
At this moment, he understood it all. No wonder Benedict could become Hamish’s brother; no wonder Hamish chose the unknown Smith family for cooperation last time. Hamish had the security throw 
Hadwin out to protect Bonnie. 
The truth was unexpectedly like this. 
It was all Hadwin and Trina’s fault. He wouldn’t have ended up in this situation if it weren’t for them. 
“Mr. Hamish, please give me another chance! I beg you!” 
Hamish looked at the finance department head expressionlessly. “Are you thinking straight? Begging me? Are you pleading with the right person?” 
The finance department head belatedly realized he had begged the wrong person. 
Trina and Hadwin were waiting outside, eagerly anticipating. After waiting for a while, the finance department head finally emerged. 
They were about to approach and say something when the finance department head passed them soullessly, coming in front of Bonnie. 
He bowed to Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 197
Chapter 197 
Radwin and Trina were dumbfounded by the scene before them, finding it hard to believe. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Bonnie. It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have ignored company rules and brought them in without permission. You’re right. I did accept their favors, so I’ll return the money they gave. 
“Please, in consideration of my years of hard work for the company and my dedication to my job, forgive me this time. I promise to mend my ways and never make such a mistake again,” the head of the finance department confessed remorsefully. 
Bonnie set down her wine glass, her eyes on the finance head devoid of any emotional fluctuations, making it difficult to guess her thoughts. 
Under Bonnie’s scrutinizing gaze, the finance head couldn’t help but break into a cold sweat, dampening his back. 
This oppressive feeling was even more terrifying than when facing Hamish just now. 
“I can give you a chance,” Bonnie slowly spoke. 
The finance head let out a sigh of relief. This feeling of a reprieve was like passing through the gates of hell and coming back unscathed. 
Bonnie turned to Trina and Hadwin. “Since you let them in, how do you intend to handle this?” 
As a veteran in the company and someone who had been navigating the circles for years, the finance head immediately understood Bonnie’s implied message. 
“I know what to do.” 
With that, the finance head turned around, casting a cold look at Trina and Hadwin. “Mr. Hadwin, Ms. Trina, this is the venue for our company gathering, not a place for just anyone. Please leave.” 
After saying this, the finance head discreetly glanced at Bonnie and found her nodding in satisfaction. 
Hadwin’s face flushed with anger, and his body tensed. “You’re just a finance department head. I’m the 
young master of the Rhodes family. How dare you speak to me like this? What kind of lowly creature are you? Do you think you’re qualified to talk to me like that? If you push me, I’ll make sure you regret it!” 
“Mr. Hadwin, you call me a lowly creature but remember, don’t hit a dog unless you’re prepared to face its master. I’m an employee of Tang Fusion Studios, and compared to Tang Fusion Studios, your family background is akin to trying to tilt at windmills.“. 
The finance head raised his neck defiantly, full of confidence. He realized the more offensive he was, the more embarrassed Hadwin and Trina seemed, and the more satisfied the chairman would be. 
“I won’t waste any more words with you. Hurry up and leave. Otherwise, I’ll have the security throw you out again.” 
Chapter 197 
212 
The finance head’s dogged attitude infuriated Hadwin. Thinking about being thrown out last time, he clenched his teeth and turned, leading Trina away. 
Before leaving, he said threateningly, “Just wait for me!” 
As the two left, Trina turned ashen. “Hadwin, why do you think the finance head reacted so strongly after meeting Mr.Hamish? I can feel that all of this is definitely related to Bonnie.” 
“I think the same.” Hadwin pondered. “Damn it, why is Hamish protecting Bonnie so much?” 
Suddenly, Trina thought of something and looked horrified, “The people who came to pick up Bonnie on the day of our engagement, could they have been sent by Hamish?” 
Hamish was still unmarried and one of the top figures in Pyralis. If Bonnie had really latched onto such a big shot, then she wouldn’t be just a sugar baby. 
“No way.” Hadwin immediately dismissed the idea. 
“How do you know?” 
“The car Hamish drives isn’t a Maybach. I’m clear about that much,” Hadwin said, reassuring Trina. 
Hearing Hadwin’s words, Trina breathed a sigh of relief. 
As long as it wasn’t Hamish, it was fine. 
Even if it was, Bonnie had already been kicked out of the Shepard family. Vera and Gresham wouldn’t come and apologize to Bonnie even if they regretted it. Besides, knowing Bonnie’s personality, even if they did apologize, she wouldn’t care. 
“What is the relationship between Bonnie and Hamish?” Trina frowned, expressing her worries. “I must investigate this matter thoroughly,” Hadwin resolved firmly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 198
Chapter 198 
The only reason was that Bonnie was his ex–fiancee, and he called off the engagement. He wouldn’t know how to accept it if Bonnte was more outstanding than she appeared. 
After the finance department head left, Benedict couldn’t help but ask Bonnie, “Bonnie, why didn’t you just fire him directly? Why give him a chance?” 
Bonnie explained, “I asked Hamish about it. The finance head does have excellent professional skills. Besides, teaching him a lesson this Time will ensure he doesn’t repeat the same mistake. Instead of hiring a new person and slowly training them, it’s better to let the old–timer continue in his role.” 
Benedict suddenly understood and gave a thumbs–up. “Bonnie, you’re savvy.” 
Bonnie chuckled at Benedict’s reaction. “It’s nothing special. It’s just a minor tactic. Anyway, I’ll have Hamish teach you some tricks in the future.” 
“Thanks, Bonnie.” Benedict felt incredibly lucky to have a sister like her. 
At that moment, Bonnie received a text message notification. 
As expected, it was from Ivor. 
“When will the party end? I’ll come pick you up.” 
“Bonnie, your husband is so sweet to you,” Benedict teased. 
Rolling her eyes, Bonnie replied, “If he hears you call him that, he’ll be overjoyed.” 
Benedict laughed mischievously. 
“All right, it’s getting late. I have to leave. I still have work tomorrow,” Bonnie said as she stood up. 
Curious, Benedict couldn’t resist asking, “Bonnie, I heard Mr. Hamish say that you spend at most five days in the office in a year. Where do you go if you say you’re working?” 
With a mysterious smile, Bonnie said, “I’ll tell you about that later.” 
From Bonnie’s words, Benedict sensed that his sister had a big secret. 
It only made him more curious and eager to find out. 
He wanted to know what secret could be more mysterious than being the chairman of Tang Fusion 
Studios. 
… 
A week passed, and the class group chat on Bonnie’s phone unexpectedly became active during the summer vacation. 
“School is about to start again. Soon, we’ll all go out separate ways. I heard our old teacher cry a lot on graduation day. How about we pick a day, book a restaurant, and bid farewell to our old teacher?” 
Chapter 108 
“I agree with this idea. Let’s invite other subject teachers, too,” 
“I agree.” 
“Me too.” 
272255 
“Since everyone has no ions, let’s go with this plan. Where should we choose for the venue?” 
“Let the class president decide.” 
Just when everyone happily discussed the details, Eda sent a message to Bonnie. “Bonnie, are you coming to the gathering?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 199
Chapter 199 
Bonnie had been lurking in the group chat without talking. 
“I wasn’t planning on going, but since the teachers are all going, I can’t just not show up.” 
After hesitating for a few seconds, Eda sent another message to Bonnie. 
“Have you heard? The class monitor and Dwayne are back together.‘ 
“I haven’t been paying attention.” 
“It’s strange, though. The class monitor and Dwayne were on bad terms before. I heard Dwayne’s family didn’t allow him to associate with the class monitor. But the class monitor is shameless; she insisted on sticking around. They are secretly seeing each other now.” 
As Eda spoke, there was a hint of disdain. 
Bonnie didn’t pay it any mind. 
“Whatever they do is their business.” 
“That’s true.” 
On the day of the gathering, Bonnie saw several girls surrounding and flattering Sacha as soon as she arrived. 
Upon seeing Bonnie, Tilda deliberately made a sarcastic remark, “What’s so great about being the top scorer in the city? Many have achieved top scores in the college entrance exams, but none stood out 
like our class monitor.” 
Tilda continued to mock Bonnie, expecting the class monitor to be pleased. 
Little did she know, Sacha’s furious and shocked voice awaited her. 
“Tilda! What nonsense are you spouting?!” 
She didn’t want to get dragged into this. 
Tilda, baffled, stared at Sacha. It felt like Sacha was afraid of Bonnie. 
After glaring at Tilda, Sacha forced a smile and approached Bonnie. 
“Bonnie, you’re finally here. Everyone’s been waiting for you. Sit over here.” 
Sacha’s attitude surprised everyone present. She seemed to be complimenting Bonnie. 
Without looking up, Bonnie sat down at the dining table. 
Ignoring Bonnie’s indifference, Sacha gritted her teeth, cursing internally but maintaining a smiling face. She came to stand beside Bonnie. “What would you like to eat? Feel free to order. Dwayne said 
he’ll be here later and foot the bill.” 
Chapter 199 
2/2 
Knowing Sacha was trying to please her, Bonnie had no intention of dealing with such a person.” Sacha, you better focus on what you’re doing. I don’t have time to accompany you.” 
Darn it. 
Even after lowering herself, Bonnie was still disregarding her. 
Sacha, seething with anger, discreetly glanced around and noticed many people whispering to each other. Although she couldn’t hear what they were saying, she knew they weren’t speaking well of her. 
The anger spread, and her face burned with a stinging sensation. 
“Um, Bonnie, why are you the only one here? Where’s your fiance?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 200
Chapter 200 
“I don’t have a fiance,” Bonnie replied nonchalantly. 
Sacha’s eyes widened. Indeed, as she heard recently, the president of the Knight Group and his fiancee had called off their engagement, 
After getting confirmation, Sacha’s gaze toward Bonnie changed. 
She spoke hushedly, “Bonnie, it seems people change over time. A while ago, you looked down on me and Dwayne just because your fiance was the president of Knight Group. You even embarrassed me. Look at you now. Haha…” 
Bonnie impatiently looked up at Sacha, “Do you know how irritating your laughter is? It’s ruining the mood of my dinner.” 
Sacha paused, her face turned fierce. She deliberately raised her voice and shouted, “Given the circumstances, you can still act so smug. Let me tell you, my dear Dwayne is treating everyone to this dinner today. Could you afford to dine in such an upscale place if not for him?” 
Other classmates started gossiping, and Tilda spoke particularly harshly, “Sacha is right. Bonnie, we’ve all benefited from her connection. We can’t stand you disrespecting her. Friends, don’t you agree?” 
Tilda deliberately set the tone. Although her words were harsh, they weren’t entirely wrong. Without the influence of the class monitor, some of them might never dare to consume in such an upscale 
place. 
“Bonnie, you shouldn’t have done that. Apologize to Sacha. We’re classmates, and Sacha is generous. If you apologize, I believe she will forgive you.” 
“Yeah, apologizing won’t hurt you. Sacha’s boyfriend is Dwayne. If he inherits the Ceaser Hotel in the future, Sacha will be the lady boss of Ceaser Hotel. Although Ceaser Hotel didn’t upgrade to five stars, it’s still a four–star hotel in the city! And just because it hasn’t succeeded now doesn’t mean it won’t 
in the future!” 
The classmates went on and on. 
A 
Eda couldn’t take it anymore. “Hey, you’re her classmates, not her lackeys. Besides, it’s Sacha who has been targeting Bonnie first. It has nothing to do with Bonnie. Also, did you all forget? 
“Back then, you made a bet with Bonnie. If Bonnie got into the Pyralis University, you all agreed to shave your heads. Bonnie didn’t hold it against you, yet you’re turning the tables on her. Have some decency!” 
Eda’s words made everyone hesitant, afraid they might get forced to shave their heads if they spoke 
up. 
Of course, there were always some bold ones like Tilda, who often received favors from Sacha. 
Chapter 200 
2/2 
“Let’s face the facts. Bonnie was bullying Sacha just now. Everyone saw it. Sacha was actively trying to please Bonnie, but Bonnie ignored her. A person like her should get kicked out.” 
Upon saying this, Tilda’s gaze sharpened as she looked at Bonnie. “Bonnie, you’re shameless. If I were you, I’d behave myself and not be so arrogant.” 
“Your words are unpleasant. What do you mean by behaving myself? Do you think-” 
Bonnie cut Eda off before the latter could finish.. 
“Bonnie, don’t stop me. I’ve had enough!” Eda pleaded. 
“Don’t worry. You’ll get your chance to vent soon,” Bonnie said with a faint smile. 
Eda’s eyes lit up. “Do you have an idea?” 
“Wait and see, it won’t take more than five minutes,” Bonnie said confidently. 
Hearing Bonnie’s words, Eda stopped arguing and sat quietly, waiting. 
Tilda disdainfully sneered. “You should have behaved yourself long ago. If you dare to go against our class monitor again, you won’t even get to eat tonight. You’ll get kicked out of the private room. You’ll be humiliated in front of everyone.” 
Sacha’s mouth curled upward, looking at Bonnie with contempt. 
“The teachers had just arrived. Let’s take our seats,” Sacha invited everyone as if she were the host. 
As soon as she sat down, Dwayne pushed the door open and barged in. 
“Dwayne, you finally arrived. You’re the last one. 
Dwayne, burning with anger, rushed to Sacha. He grabbed Sacha’s collar rudely, anger evident in his bulging veins. 
“Sacha Hutchinson! What are you up to now? I’ve been so unlucky to be involved with a troublemaker like you! Let me tell you, from today onward, I have nothing to do with you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 201
Chapter 201 
Sacha was shocked. “Wh–what are you talking about, Dwayne? I’m your girlfriend. You even promised to marry me.” 
“Marry you? Over my dead body!” He clicked his tongue. 
Sacha’s heart ached so terribly that she staggered backward. Then, she gathered herself and ran toward him. She hugged him and begged, “Don’t do this, Dwayne! I can’t live without you!” 
“Get lost!” He shrugged her off and shoved her to the floor. 
“Ahh!” She screamed with terror. 
“Hmph! I’ll make you wish you’re dead the next time you come near me!” Dwayne left her with those harsh words and entered the crowd. He then stood before Bonnie and bowed before leaving. 
A pin–drop silence hung over the private room as everyone stared at Bonnie incredulously. They were in disbelief when Dwayne bowed to Bonnie. The glory that enveloped Bonnie was a stark contrast to Sacha’s humiliation. 
Eda gulped and looked at Bonnie. “Why did Dwayne just bow to you?” 
Bonnie raised a brow and said, “I don’t know what’s gotten into him.” 
“Are you sure?” Eda could not tell if Bonnie was lying or telling the truth. 
The latter looked at Sacha and said, “Try asking her. Maybe she knows what’s happening.” 
Suddenly, Sacha’s eyes widened as she stared at Bonnie in horror. 
‘Did I get the wrong information? I thought the CEO of Knight Group called off his engagement with Bonnie. I did everything to get that piece of information. Bonnie admitted that she doesn’t have a 
fiance. 
‘Otherwise, I wouldn’t have treated her how I did earlier. I got it! Bonnie set me up. Damn it! She’s such a snake. I’ll bet she called Dwayne.‘ 
At that moment, someone uttered, “Dwayne’s gone. So, who’s paying the bill?” 
Everyone swapped scared glances, but no one said a word. After all, they were in an exquisite 
restaurant. None of them would have eaten here if they had to pay for themselves. Worse, some had ordered the most expensive wines. 
They had reserved several tables, too. They knew tonight’s expenses were worth at least several hundred thousand dollars. No sane person would want to pay for that. Then, a similar thought appeared in everyone’s minds. 
‘It’s all Sacha’s fault!‘ 
After all, she was the one who suggested having the reunion there. She even claimed Dwayne would 
Chapter 201 
pay for everything. Otherwise, the others would not have eaten at one of the most high–end restaurants in Pyralis. 
Rios stepped forward with a frown, saying, “How about we share the cost?” 
2/2 
Even so, the bill should cost several hundred thousand. There were less than forty students there. If they were to count the teachers, only forty–odd people were there. If everyone were to split the bill equally, they would still have to pay about ten grand each. 
The teachers could not afford such a bill, let alone the students. Even Eda was on the verge of tears, asking, “What should we do, Bonnig? We all come from modest families. We barely have enough to pay for college. I can’t fork out ten grand!” 
Bonnie stopped eating and swept her gaze across the room. She said fearlessly, “Enjoy yourselves, okay? I’ll pay the tab.” 
Everyone was shocked. 
“Bonnie, are you joking? You can’t pull our legs like that.” 
“He’s right, Bonnie. Are you sure you have that kind of money?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 202
Chapter 202 
Everyone knew the Shepards had disowned Bonnie. Even if that were not the case, the Shepards would be displeased to pay several hundred thousand dollars to settle her tab. That was why no one took her seriously when she claimed to foot the bill. 
Bonnie pulled out a bank card and called the waiter, “Hand me the bill, please.” 
“Right away, miss.” Soon after, the waiter returned with the card. “The total is six hundred and ninety thousand. Here’s your card and receipt, miss.” 
“Okay, thanks.” 
Everyone fell silent again as they stared at Bonnie in shock. Then, Eda asked, “H–How do you have so much money?” 
Bonnie responded leisurely, “I earned it.” 
‘She earned it? Bonnie’s just a student. How can she make a buttload of money?‘ 
Tilda said disdainfully, “I heard you have an old and filthy man as a sugar daddy. I didn’t believe it initially, but now… Tsk, tsk, tsk. You’re an excellent student, for heaven’s sake. How could you trade your body and integrity for money? You’re shameless.” 
Suddenly, a voice echoed from the door, “Really? I’m old and filthy now?” 
Everyone turned to look toward the door and saw the guy who had come to pick Bonnie up on that rainy day. 
The first thing Ivor saw when he entered was the lady who stood out among the crowd. He looked at her and smiled. He then approached and stood before her. 
Bonnie looked at him in shock, asking, “What are you doing here?” 
“Well, it’s your class reunion, right? It’s only fitting that I show up.” 
The duo stared into each other’s eyes. Ivor stood before Bonnie and looked down at her while she raised her gaze to meet his. The couple looked stunning in that lovely moment, Most wanted to take pictures of them, but only one person did. 
The lady holding her phone realized she did not need to use filters. She could take a natural picture of the couple, and it would look better than those of romantic TV shows. 
Ivor enjoyed the moment when he was the only one Bonnie was staring at. “Aren’t you going to offer me a seat?” 
“There’s a chair over there. Help yourself.” Bonnie responded. 
Smiling, he took the chair and sat close to her. 
She felt uneasy and whispered, “Why are you sitting this close to me?” 
Chapter 202 
2/2 
“I don’t want to sit too close to the others.” Ivor moved his chair even closer to her. He got so close that both their chairs pressed against each other. 
Everyone except for Sacha was jealous of Bonnie. The former stared at Ivor in shock while Tilda 
helped her up and looked at Sacha like they were best friends. Tilda raised her chin at Bonnie tauntingly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 203
Chapter 203 
“Drop the act, Bonnie. He’s the same guy you hired last time. Now, he’s here again. We’re not as gullible as you think. He’s handsome, for sure. Is he one of the male strippers from the clubs you frequent? That’s classy. You’re using the money you get from your old sugar daddy to get a male 
stripper. 
“I can’t believe you offered to pay the bill and tried to take credit for it. You make me sick. Someone like you can never compare to Sacha Although her love life might’ve taken a hit, she still got into Pyralis University. 
“She’s immensely talented. It won’t be long before she finds someone much better than Dwayne.” 
Meanwhile, Sacha began to sweat. She knew who Ivor was, and Tilda was digging her own grave with 
her words. 
‘Damn it, Tilda. You can talk shit all you want but don’t drag me into it!‘ 
She was in the middle of her thoughts when she noticed Ivor’s cold glance. Sacha was horrified as she felt shivers down her spine. 
Bonnie patted Ivor’s hand, hinting she would deal with them herself. Her warm touch melted Ivor’s 
bitter coldness. 
Bonnie casually stared at Tilda and said, “I hate it when people throw accusations around without intentions to back it up with evidence. I’m sorry you assumed I earned my money dishonestly. If that’s the case, you can pay for your share of the bill.” 
Tilda’s eyes widened in surprise. She was furious and a little regretful. She should have waited until they left the restaurant before sassing Bonnie. 
“That includes you.” Bonnie shifted her gaze to Sacha. “You’re paying, too.” 
Sacha hated Tilda and her big mouth even more now. 
‘Great! That’s ten grand down the drain!‘ 
As the party continued, Rios approached Bonnie with his wine and said, “I should’ve said this sooner, but better late than never. Congratulations on getting into Pyralis University and becoming our city’s best scholar. You made us and the school proud.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Rios.” Bonnie stood up and clinked her glass with Rios, who was so happy that he 
downed his wine. 
“There’s something I’ve wanted to ask you, Bonnie,” he whispered. 
“What is it?” 
Rios’s expression suggested he had been considering whether or not to ask this question for a long time. He looked around them and ensured no one was looking before he asked, “How do you know the 
Chapter 203 
answer to the question about the nondeterministic polynomial?” 
2/2 
That was the last thing Bonnie thought her teacher would have asked. “What are you trying to find 
out?” 
“Come on, a mysterious mathematician solved the question about the nondeterministic polynomial right before you did. However, you’re just a student. Why would you research such a question in your free time?” 
Bonnie responded smilingly, “Well, you researched it, too.” 
“I got lucky. It just so happened that my old college professor told me he had the pleasure of being there when the mysterious mathematician solved it. That’s why I got the answer earlier than most people.” Rios gulped and looked into Bonnie’s eyes. 
“I asked about the mathematician’s name, but my old professor didn’t know it either. Back then, she gave a speech to a thousand people and answered the question before them. 
“All my professor knew was that the mysterious mathematician’s last name was Shepard, and she was almost the same age as you. What are the odds of that, Bonnie?” He stared at Bonnie with such gleaming eyes. 
“You can tell me, Bonnie. I promise never to tell anybody. Also, please don’t lie to me. I’ve lost sleep for several nights over this. I don’t think I can ever rest easy until I find out the truth.” Bonnie palmed her forehead and said, “Fine. It was me.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 204
Chapter 204 
“Hah! I knew it!” Rios had guessed as much, but hearing Bonnie validate his guess was exciting. He could not help but gasp. It took him several seconds to return to his senses. He even glanced at Bonnie pridefully. 
‘Hahaha! Bonnie’s my student, and I’ll share in that glory! If my fellow math teachers learn that I used to teach Bonnie, they’ll be so jealous of me.‘ 
Some students noticed Bonnie having a quiet conversation with the math teacher, which piqued their interest. After all, he and Bonnie weren’t exactly close. The students wondered what the two were talking about. 
Then, they were stunned when Rios suddenly burst out laughing. 
‘What’s happening? What could they be talking about? Mr. Rios is beaming and so ecstatic. I wonder why that is.‘ 
“I need to use the restroom,” Bonnie told Ivor. 
“I’ll come with you.” 
Realizing he was about to stand up, she held his shoulder in annoyance and said, “I won’t go home with you if you come with me.” 
‘Is he serious about going to the restroom with me? It’s bad enough that he’s following me around every day. He can’t just do the same thing with my classmates around. What would they think if they saw Ivor following me?‘ 
Bonnie looked like she could barely contain her embarrassment. So, Ivor had no choice but to sit back down. “Fine. I’ll wait for you here.” 
Bonnie glanced at him sidelong and then left the private room. Once she finished using the restroom and got out, she felt lost. That was because the private rooms in this restaurant looked almost identical. Moreover, Bonnie had drunk several drinks and began to feel dizzy. 
“This is probably it.” She stood before a door and pushed it. 
‘Huh? This isn’t my room.‘ 
“Is that you, Bonnie? What are you doing here?” 
She heard a familiar voice and looked at the man in the middle of the couch. 
‘Isn’t that Ivor’s cousin, Flynn?‘ 
This fellow used to have dirty thoughts about her when they ran into each other at a party a while ago. He wanted her to be his mistress. 
Flynn scanned her from head to toe perversely and said, “Did you finally realize you should’ve accepted my proposal? Are you here to throw yourself at me?” 
Chapter 204 
2/2 
Bonnie scoffed and snarled, “Have you ever seen what you look like? You’re such a pig. You gross me 
out.” 
“Then why are you looking for me if I gross you out? Don’t even make up a boring excuse like you got the wrong room or something. I don’t buy that crap,” Flynn crossed his arms and glanced at Bonnie. 
The latter’s lips twitched. “That’s right. I got the wrong private room. Good riddance if don’t 
you 
believe me. I don’t intend to waste my time on you.” 
“Hold on!” He waved at the others in the room, signaling them to get in position. 
“Do you think you can just waltz in and out of my private room as you see fit, Bonnie? Who do you think you are? Ivor and Grandpa aren’t here today. Let’s see how you’ll save yourself this time.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 205
Chapter 205 
Several burly men surrounded Bonnie. The door to the hallway had closed, too. 
“What makes you think you guys could hold me down? I must say, you underestimate me greatly.” 
Flynn looked at his men, each of them tall and sturdy. “That’s the last thing I’d do. You’re in luck. It just so happens that I’m having a meal with the champion of Pyralis’s underground fight club, Meet 
Dante.” 
She glanced at one of the burly guys, removing his clothes to showcase his brawny arms. 
Dante intended to show her his firm, ripped muscles to intimidate her. To his surprise, it didn’t work on her at all. 
‘Go on. Act tough. I’m going to make you cry so hard later.‘ She thought to herself. 
Looking at him, Flynn said, “This lady here has humiliated me too many times, Dante. I’d appreciate it if you can subdue her. Just stay away from her face.” 
“Consider it done.” 
Glaring at her fiercely, Dante closed in on her. Flynn’s bodyguards blocked her way out. It looked like she’d have to deal with Dante before she could take care of them. 
Now that she had firmed up her strategy, she raised her fist and advanced on Dante. 
As far as Flynn and his gang were concerned, she wouldn’t be able to do any real damage to Dante. Her fist looked so puny and pathetic as it plunged toward him while his fist was as big as a boulder as 
it shot toward her. 
Once their fists connected, Dante flew back from the impact. 
Crack! 
Dante’s fingers fractured, and he grimaced. No one expected it to turn out this way. dropped. 
Their jaws 
“You’re no match for me.” She looked at Dante nonchalantly. “If you don’t know what’s best for you and insist on fighting, then know this. I’m not going to hold back anymore.” 
What did she mean? Was she trying to say that she had been holding back? Who was she trying to fool? Her fingers had got to be fractured as well. Yeah. That must be it. She was just better than pretending and holding her pain in. 
At least, that was what everyone was thinking. 
“There’s no need to hesitate here, Dante. I’m certain she’s also hurt. She’s just putting on a brave face! Go ahead and give it to her good. There are so many of us here. Do you think she can beat all of us?” 
Chapter 205 
2/2 
That was a fine point, but he would still play it safe. Turning toward the bodyguards, Dante bellowed, “Let’s take her on together!” 
“Roger!” Eight of the bodyguards worked together with him and pounced on Bonnie. 
She shook her head briefly, still feeling a little dizzy from the alcohol. However, that wasn’t going to get in her way. Not long after, a few of the bodyguards toppled to the floor. 
That was when Dante charged at her. 
She was about to raise her fist and throw it at him, but he pulled out a can of perfume and squeezed its contents right into her eyes. 
In the next second, it felt as if her eyes were on fire. She couldn’t help but stagger a few steps back, straining to open her eyes. 
The harder she tried to keep her eyes open, the more they stung. 
“She can’t see anything now. Take her down, guys!” Flynn cried out, gripped with the moment. The way he saw it, she was as good as his playtoy now. 
One of the bodyguards, standing closest to her, picked out an empty beer bottle and swung it at her. 
Bonnie was trying to track her opponent’s positions using her hearing. She stepped to the right as the beer bottle swooshed past her. 
“Damn it!” Flynn was dumbfounded by how good she was. 
Dante gestured to the rest of the bodyguards, quietly signaling one to flank her from the left and the other from the right. Then, he gestured for another bodyguard to sneak up on her from the back while he prepared to take her out from the front. 
Once they all assumed their positions, they quietly closed in on her. 
Bonnie’s ears twitched. It didn’t seem like she could open her eyes for a while now. 
She was a medical practitioner herself. So, she knew very well that she couldn’t force her eyes open now. All she could do was squeeze out as many tears as possible to wash out the perfume in her eyes. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 206
Chapter 206 
Meanwhile, Ivor waited by the female restroom. Then, a lady came out, blushing as she said, “Um, I asked around, but it doesn’t seem like this Bonnie lady is inside,” 
Ivor frowned and said, “I see. Thanks anyway.” 
He then pulled out his phone while calling out to the waiter in the hallway. “Have you seen this lady?” The waiter shook his head. “I’m sorry, sir. I haven’t seen her,” 
A moment later, a janitor approached and said, “I saw her. She’s in that private room,” 
As he pointed to the door, a bodyguard wearing a pair of sunglasses crashed through the door and fell to the ground. 
‘Shit!‘ Ivor cursed inwardly and raced toward the private room. When he entered, he saw several closing in on Bonnie. One of them was particularly burly, too. 
“Hurry up and rip her clothes off when she can’t see you! She’ll panic once you do that!” Flynn ordered before realizing Ivor was there. The former froze. 
guys 
Ivor’s expression was grim. Before Flynn could say anything, one of his men yelled, “Mr. Flynn has given his orders! Let’s teach that woman a lesson she won’t forget!” 
‘Shut up, you dickhead!‘ Flynn cursed as he looked at his big–mouthed bodyguard. 
Ivor ran to Bonnie and pulled her close to him. He then spun and executed a roundhouse kick at the burly men. It sent one of the bodyguards crashing into a table, knocking over the liquor bottles and 
food. 
“Bonnie, are you okay?” Ivor lowered his gaze to look at her, and she looked at him. Although her vision was blurry, she knew who it was. 
“My eyes hurt.” 
That was when Ivor noticed the relentless tears coming from Bonnie’s eyes. It made his rage grow. Damn you, Flynn!” 
Flynn was terrified and began to shiver. “C–Calm down, Ivor. No, no, no! I can explain!” 
“Get over here now!” Ivor gestured for Flynn to come over. 
Flynn gulped nervously and said, “Th–this- It’s all just a misunderstanding, Ivor.” 
“Don’t make me repeat myself,” Ivor said coldly. 
Flynn did not want to go anywhere near his cousin but dared not defy Ivor, either. Ultimately, the former could only obey. Then, Ivor slapped Flynn. 
Smack! 
2/2 
The crisp stap echoed throughout the private room. However, Ivor kicked Flynn’s knee. 
Crack! 
Ivor fractured Pym’s An 
“Gah!” hem k out a guttural scream and fell to his knees before Ivor and Bonnie. Everyone, Achading Bonnie, was shaken at the sight of it. She never thought Ivor would treat his cousin so rebloch 
Fyrm’s complexion turned sickly purple as he internally cursed Bonnie to go to hell. Ivor would not have humiliated him in front of his friends if not for Bonnie. Ivor said, “Apologize to her.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 207
Chapter 207 
An intense hatred burned within Flynn, but he was terrified of Ivor, Realizing that Ivor was walking toward him, his heart started pounding with fear again. Flynn apologized repeatedly but did not 
kneel. “I’m sorry, Bonnie. I swear, I won’t do it again.” 
“I told you to kneel,” Ivor looked at him condescendingly. 
Although Flynn was terrified, he could not kneel when all his friends were watching. Moreover, Bonnie was just a country bumpkin. 
“I already apologized, Ivor. How about we call it a day?” 
Ivor glared at him menacingly, saying, “She’s my future wife, yet you just picked on her. Do you think I’ll let it slide? My patience has its limits, Flynn. You have one more chance. Are you going to kneel or not?” 
Flynn was on the verge of tears, with all his friends watching. There were even several onlookers at the door. He would never recover from his shame if he were to kneel before Bonnie. 
“All right, then,” Ivor said coldly, “Your silence has given me the answer I need. I’ll get someone to remove you from Pyralis tomorrow. You’re not allowed to return to this city for a decade.‘ 
” 
Flynn’s eyes widened as he bellowed, “How can you be so ruthless?! You’re turning your back on family. I’m your cousin, damn it! How can you kick me out of Pyralis for a decade for an insignificant outsider?” 
“An insignificant outsider, huh? Hmph, as far as I’m concerned, you’re the only insignificant outsider in this room.” Ivor’s words stirred Bonnie’s heart. 
“Can you even kick me out of Pyralis? Have you asked for my parents‘ permission?” Flynn balled his 
fists. 
“I’m the head of the family, Flynn. Do you think I must discuss things with your parents before deciding anything?” Although Ivor sounded casual, his demeanor was assertive. 
Flynn was furious when he heard that. Still, he simply could not kneel before Bonnie at that moment. Flynn could only go home and discuss things with his parents. He thought there was no way his grandfather would kick him out of Pyralis. After all, Flynn was Sigmund’s grandson, while Bonnie 
was just a nobody. 
With that thought in mind, Flynn’s arrogance returned. He ordered the two bodyguards beside him, You two, get me out of here.” 
Ivor glanced at both bodyguards and said, “He can leave, but you two must stay.” 
The duo was terrified and began to tremble. Ivor looked at the rest of the bodyguards and Dante, saying, “You all dared to lay your hands on Bonnie earlier. What makes you think you can leave in one piece?” 
Chapter 207 
2/2 
“Have mercy, Mr. Ivor! We were just following Mr. Flynn’s orders!” 
“He’s right, Mr. Ivor. We work for Mr. Flynn. If he gives us an order, we must obey. We don’t have a choice!” Dante walked over and bowed to Ivor and Bonnie. “We never knew Ms. Bonnie mattered so much to you. If I had known, I wouldn’t have done those things to her.” 
Dante raised his head and saw Ivor looking back at him indifferently. The former’s claims did not 
affect Ivor. 
Dante was a rising star in the underground fight club. Hence, ordinary members of the high society would respect him. However, Ivor gave Dante the cold shoulder, apparent that Bonnie meant a lot to 
the former. 
Dante then slapped himself twice. 
Slap! Smack! 
He did not hold back, ensuring Ivor knew his apology was earnest. Some onlookers even gasped before a pin–drop silence fell over the private room. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 208
Chapter 208 
Before Ivor could speak, Bonnie said, “Let him go.” 
Ivor was not happy about that. “Are you going to let him off the hook just like that?” 
“Dante put down his pride as a fighter when he slapped himself. That’s punishment enough for him.” Her words hit home. 
“Thank you, Ms. Bonnie.” Dante saluted her before turning back to look at Flynn, “I appreciate you helping me in the past, Mr. Flynn, but I’ve repaid my debt to you today. From now on, we don’t owe each other anything. Farewell.”. 
Flynn watched as Dante left. The menace in the former’s eyes was unmistakable as he cursed at the underground fighter internally. Even so, he hated Bonnie more. 
Meanwhile, Ivor held Bonnie and refused to let her leave his side. The former said, “I’ll let Dante go, but not those other bodyguards. You can beg for them all you want, but I won’t let them off the hook.” 
Bonnie would be lying to herself if she said she did not feel moved by how Ivor had her best interests 
at heart. She said, “Suit yourself.” 
Ivor cocked his head and looked at the approaching Floyd and Jim. Ivor said, “I’ll let you two handle those guys while I take Bonnie to the hospital to check her eyes. 
“Loud and clear, Mr. Ivor,” Floyd responded. 
“} 
“Leave it to us, Mr. Ivor.” Jim cracked his knuckle as he approached the bodyguards menacingly. 
“They dare to lay their hands on Ms. Bonita. That’s it. They’re dead meat.‘ 
Pow! Thud! Smash! 
Jim threw a flurry of punches, striking the bodyguards with each swing. He also kicked a few of them. 
Floyd was also supposed to teach these punks a lesson, but Jim fought so fiercely that he did not have a chance to join in. Simultaneously, Jim’s ferocity shocked Floyd. 
‘What on earth happened to Tim? He’s beating these bodyguards as if they murdered his entire 
family.‘ 
Once Bonnie and Ivor left the private room, the latter carried Bonnie before she could say anything. Don’t say a word, and don’t open your eyes. You can’t move by yourself now. I’m taking you to the hospital.” 
“But, I—” 
“Yeah, I don’t think you’re fine at all.” He knew he quite well by now. So, he could guess what she was about to say. “If you refuse to cooperate, I’ll have to kiss you to make you behave again.” 
” 
Chapter 208 
2/2 
Bonnie kept her eyes shut and remained quiet before nodding. However, Ivor felt happy yet disappointed about her obedience. He would have had an excuse to kiss her if she had fought back like she always did. 
Half an hour later, he led Bonnie out of the hospital, and she said, “I think we should check into a 
hotel room.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 209
Chapter 209 
Ivor beamed when he heard what Bonnie said. 
“A hotel room? Well, I’m okay with that. Still, I don’t have c*** with me right now. How about you give me a minute to buy some at the convenience store? Don’t get me wrong. I’m not getting c*** because I don’t want to have a baby with you. 
“It’s just that you’re still a college student and can’t study with a baby. Moreover, we’re still pretty young. Having a baby this early might be bad for our relationship. We won’t get the chance to know each other better.” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched. If she could open her eyes, she would have rolled them at him. She said, “I meant I can’t go home looking like this. Grandpa and Maisie might overreact if they find out what happened to me.” 
“Oh, that’s what you meant! I thought you wanted to have—” 
“That’s enough,” Bonnie interjected. She might have smacked his head if he had finished his 
sentence. 
Soon after, Ivor brought Bonnie to a hotel and checked into a room. He then helped her to the bed and sat her down. He tried to calm his pounding heart by putting his hand over his chest. “It’s my first time bringing a lady to a hotel alone. Honestly, I’m a little nervous.” 
“You’ll 
get used to it.” She was kind of amused by what Ivor said. 
However, his smile faded as he asked, “What do you mean? Do you frequently check into hotels with guys?” 
“Not at all, but I did share a room with a guy and no one else once.” 
Immediately after, Ivor pushed her onto the bed and leaned on her. His chest was so firm that it began to hurt Bonnie. She asked, “What’s your problem now?” 
Ivor began to breathe heavily, saying, “Bold of you to ask me that. You would’ve pissed any guy off by saying that.” 
Bonnie could sense the tension and rage in his words. Even so, Ivor did not act on them or do anything to hurt her. It was evident he cared about her very much. Suddenly, Bonnie giggled, 
Hehehe.” 
“I can’t believe you’re giggling!” 
“I’m laughing because of your reaction. Are you a God of Jealousy incarnate? Wait, such a god would have a better name. I just said I checked into a hotel room with a guy once. I said nothing about sleeping with him. 
“Also, that was several years ago. There was a horrible storm because of a tornado. It just so happened only one room remained in the hotel. That was why my friend and I had to make do with it.” 
Chapter 209 
2/2 
Ivor relaxed a little once Bonnie told him the truth. He said, “Well, did you two sleep on the same bed?” 
“That’s enough, Ivor!” Bonnie became pissed off. “What do you take me for? Do you think I’m a s*** who sleeps around with every guy I see?” 
“I’m sorry,” he apologized hastily, “That’s not what I meant. For the record, I’ve never thought of you that way.” 
“Well, you’re implying it.” 
“Um, I—” 
“Stop talking, or I’ll lose control and punch you.” Bonnie reddened with anger. 
Ivor knew he had overstepped by asking her that question. The truth was, she was the furthest thing from a s***. For argument’s sake, even if Bonnie had a boyfriend, it was all in the past. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 210
Chapter 210 
Ivor was only interested in the present and future Bonnte. He held her hand and used it to smack himself, saying, “It’s my fault for asking you such a silly question.” 
“Hey” Bonnie was surprised. She might not be able to see anything, but she could feel how hard he had just smacked himself. She even knew he had just left a red mark on his face. 
“Get up.” She was mad a second ago, but his actions had effectively calmed her down. 
Ivor got up from her reluctantly. Then, she stood up and asked, “Where’s the bathroom?” 
“Are you going to take a shower now?” 
“It’s hot these days. I feel sticky all over if I don’t clean myself. How am I supposed to sleep like this?” Bonnie smelled like tobacco from the class reunion party. She also smelled like sweat from fighting in Flynn’s private room. 
“You can’t even open your eyes now. I’ll come with you.” Ivor held her hand. 
However, she did not intend to follow him. “Are you saying you’ll help me bathe?” 
He could not help but look at Bonnie up and down, saying, “Since you asked so nicely, I don’t see why I can’t do that.” 
Bonnie did not know how to respond. A moment later, she said, “Did I ask you, or is it something you want to do?” 
“It doesn’t matter. Come on, let’s go to the bathroom.” Ivor pulled the unwilling Bonnie and motioned to remove her clothes. 
“You’re taking this joke too far-” 
Before she could finish, Ivor stopped and said, “Yeah, it was just a joke. Ahem. Here, I’ll fill up the tub for you.” 
Soon after, he stared at her for a while before finally leaving. 
spun 
the story 
Meanwhile, Flynn told his parents about what had happened that night. Of course, he in his favor. “That’s about it. Bonnie entered my private room herself. I didn’t entice her to come in. My friends were there and witnessed everything if you need proof. 
“If I’m lying, then the universe will punish me with a horrible death. It can also torture me by making 
me sterile.” 
Sydney trusted everything her son said, especially after he made such a solemn swear. “Damn that Bonnie! She had s*** you one too many times. I can’t believe how she always pins everything on you. She’s a shameless and disloyal s***! 
Chapter 210 
2/2 
“Ivor knows Sigmund favors him. Ivor also knew how to wield his position as the family head. That’s why he never respected us. Ivor has abused our son, Gunnar. Aren’t you going to do something about 
it? 
“I don’t give a damn about Ivor’s ruling. Flynn is my son. No one can kick him out of Pyralis. If Ivor can be this cold–blooded, you can go to his father and ask him to sort it out.” 
However, Gunnar did not believe his son’s version of the story. “I don’t think we should jump the gun. It would be wiser to investigate what happened before we make any conclusions.” 
“What?!” Sydney could not believe what she had just heard. “Flynn just made a solemn swear. You’re his father. You’re supposed to believe in him. Oh, are you afraid of taking it up with your elder brother? 
“Grow a pair, Gunnar. So, what if Willard is your elder brother? You’re Sigmund’s son, too. Why are you so afraid of him? I couldn’t care less about that. You’ll visit him first thing in the morning. If you don’t, you’ll lose my respect for good!” 
Gunnar had long accepted his fate. His wife was unreasonable, judgmental, and loud. However, he could not just let it slide when she insulted his manhood. 
“How does not finding Willard make me less of a man? Are you looking down on me because I’m afraid of him? Well, why don’t you take it up with Ivor’s mother? Start a fight with her if you’re so 
great. 
“Here’s an idea. You should visit her first thing in the morning. If you don’t do it, it’ll make you less of a woman, and you’ll have lost my respect for good!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 211
Chapter 211 
“1-1…” Sydney stammered. She was angry and at a loss for words. 
“What a tasteless joke to make! Maisie has studied combat under the tutelage of Master Arturo Vaughn. Her combat skills are flawless. If I take this up with her, she’ll have me on the ground in less than a second.” 
Gunnar smirked. ‘Geez. Sydney’s always been arrogant and stubborn, but she’s stumped now. I feel pretty good.” 
Sydney noticed his triumphant expression and flew into a fit of rage. “That’s priceless, Gunnar. I asked you to speak up for our son, yet you threatened me with Maisie. I can see you’re taking your frustrations out on me. Does it feel good?” 
She grabbed her husband’s ear and twisted it. 
“Gah, my ear! You’re taking it the wrong way, honey. That’s the last thing I’d think. Come on, discuss it. Flynn will be okay. If you don’t let go of my ear, I might need to go to the hospital!” 
“Yeah, right! How gullible do you think I am? I saw you smirking earlier, Gunnar!” 
Flynn grew troubled as he watched his parents argue before him. 
we can 
‘Mom and Dad are useless sometimes. They’re supposed to help me solve my dilemma or speak up for me. Now, they’re too busy arguing. Do they even love me? Ugh, forget it. It looks like I’ll have to handle it myself.” 
“Damn that Bonnie. It isn’t over yet,” Flynn muttered and then called one of his men, more bodyguards and kidnap Bonnie tomorrow.” 
11 
11 
“Assemble 
The man seemed hesitant. After all, he had witnessed what Bonnie did to the other bodyguards earlier today. 
Flynn was furious. “Is there a problem? You work for me, and it’s your responsibility to solve my problems. Do you even want to keep working for my family?” 
The bodyguard trembled in fear, saying, “It’s not that I don’t want to work for you, Mr. Flynn. You saw how formidable Bonnie is. She can hold her own against Ms. Maisie. I don’t think we can kidnap Bonnie and bring her here unscathed.” 
The bodyguard was confident he would suffer a worse fate than his colleagues if Ivor traced the kidnapping back to him. Although Flynn would be the primary culprit, he was one of the Knight family members. Nothing terrible would happen to him. 
After some thought, Flynn said, “You have a point. We must ensure to do it with the utmost secrecy. We can’t afford to leave any clues behind when we kidnap Bonnie.” 
Even Flynn shuddered at the thought of Ivor tracing it back to him. 
Chapter 211 
2/2 
“I have an idea!” Flynn exclaimed. “Find someone who means a lot to her and snatch that person instead. Then, tell Bonnie to come here alone. Otherwise, we’ll slaughter the person she cares about 
most. 
“That reminds me. We can’t send our men. I want you to hire someone who specializes in this. Remember to tread lightly. Don’t leave Ivor any clues.” 
“Right away, Mr. Flynn.” 
“Hire more men and make sure they’re competent. Spend more if you have to. Money isn’t an issue.” By now, Flynn had decided to teach Bonnie a lesson. 
The following morning, Bonnie received a call from Hamish. She checked the time and realized it was only nine o’clock. Usually, Hamish would not have called her at this time of day. Something must have happened. 
“Hello?” 
“Did Benedict tell you why he hasn’t shown up for work, Ms. Bonnie?” 
Her eyelids twitched. “Benny is usually punctual. He wouldn’t have reported late to work.” 
“Exactly! I know that about him. That’s why I called you. It’s well over nine o’clock–now. If anything, he would’ve shown up slightly over eight in the morning. Did he have an accident on his way here?” “Geez. That’s a comforting thought.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 212
Chapter 212 
“Bah!” Hamish disdained the thought and grew increasingly worried. “Should I send someone to 
look for him? 
“Wait a minute.” Bonnie looked at her phone and saw someone was calling her. She checked it and 
saw that it was Benedict. 
“Benny’s calling me now.” Then, she answered his call but heard a stranger’s voice instead of her 
brother’s. 
“Are you Benedict’s sister?” The stranger sounded ominous. Things were looking grim for her 
brother. 
“Who are you? Why do you have my brother’s phone? Where is he?” 
“Do you have to ask? I’m a kidnapper, of course! I have your brother. We’ll slaughter him if you call the police. You guys will never see each other again if you do anything stupid.” The stranger’s voice was vicious and threatening. 
Bonnie’s eyes grew cold as she said, “I will hunt you down if anything happens to my brother. I’ll even venture to the ends of the earth to track you down and make you regret messing with me and my brother.” 
She opened her laptop as she spoke and typed away at the keyboard, trying to hone in on her brother’s location through the phone’s GPS. 
“Bold of you to threaten us when we have your brother’s life in our hands. We’re the kidnappers, and we have nothing to fear from you. Prepare a million dollars and come to the designated location now. 
“If you keep us waiting, I’ll throw your brother into the ocean. Of course, you must come alone. We’ll be watching. If you bring anyone else, you’ll suffer the consequences.” 
Bonnie typed away at her keyboard at lightning speed, saying, “Let me hear his voice. I need to know if he’s alive.” 
“I told you to prepare a million dollars. What’s with the demands?” 
11 
“It’d be pointless if I did all that, and he’s already dead. I won’t waste my time on a pointless cause. 
“How dare you talk back to me?! Just cut the crap and get to it. I’m warning you. If you- 
Bonnie coldly interjected, “I won’t repeat myself. I want to hear my brother’s voice, or I’m hanging 
up.” 
She gave the kidnapper a hard time, but not because she did not care about Benedict. Instead, it was because she knew it was no ordinary kidnapping. She grew confident of it because of the kidnapper’s 
tone. 
Bonnie used to help the police department make breakthroughs in many convoluted cases. So, she 
Chapter 212 
knew what she was doing. 
2/2 
The kidnapper was sitting on a chair as he glanced at Flynn and said, “She wants to hear Benedict’s voice, Mr. Flynn. Otherwise, she won’t believe us.” 
“She’s just despicable!” Flynn gritted his teeth and snarled. “Do it.” 
“All right, Mr. Flynn.” The kidnapper ripped off the tape on Benedict’s mouth. 
“Don’t come, Bonnie! It’s a trap! Don’t-“Before he could finish, the kidnapper kicked him to the floor and resealed his mouth with another tape. 
“Mmph… Mmph…” Benedict’s eyes reddened. He kept struggling to break free, but the kidnapper had tied him up too tightly. 
Bonnie could hear everything clearly over the phone. They were beating up Benedict. A moment later, a deadly air of malice rose around her. She was enraged. Simultaneously, she honed in on their location and muttered, “I’ll be there in no time.” 
She hung up the phone and called Jim at once. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 213
Chapter 213 
1/2 
“Someone kidnapped Benny.” 
“I can’t believe it!” Jim was genuinely surprised. 
Bonnie continued, “The kidnapper wants a million–dollar ransom, and they want me to go alone.” 
“That’s not happening!” Jim grew anxious. 
“The kidnappers will kill my brother if I don’t do as they say. He’s the only son my parents have. They might do something stupid if he dies. Although we might not be blood relatives, he’s still my family. I won’t stand by and do nothing while his life is in danger.” 
“That doesn’t make a difference! You can’t do it. I’ll figure something out.” Jim’s brows furrowed as he tried to come up with a solution. 
Bonnie sighed and said, “I can’t afford to make any mistakes. I hope you understand, Jim. As your friend, I beg you.” 
Her words shook Jim’s iron will. He said, “Still, your safety is of utmost concern. Heck, it’s about Arvandor’s technological advancement. I’m your bodyguard and must ensure you’re as safe as possible.” 
“That’s why I said I’m begging you as a friend.” 
Jim took a deep breath and said grimly, “Are you sure you want to do this, Bonnie?” 
She was determined. “I’m doing it. You don’t have to worry. You should have faith in my combat skills. After all, our skills were on par when we sparred back then.” 
“I don’t doubt your combat skills, but they’ll outnumber you. Something terrible might happen if you go alone.” 
“That’s why I called you. You’re my safety net.” She had long formed a contingency plan. “They have eyes on me. So, you can’t show yourself. The kidnappers are pretty meticulous, too. They didn’t give me the exact location. Instead, they’re making me take the long way around just to ensure I come 
alone. 
“Nonetheless, you’ll be pleased to know I’ve tracked their exact location. You’ll take a team with you and hole up around the area. We’ll decide what to do depending on the situation.” 
Jim pondered before finally agreeing to the idea. “Okay. Watch your back. I mean it.” 
“Roger that.” Once Bonnie hung up, she went to the bank to withdraw a million dollars in cash. 
On the other hand, Jim called a task force comprised of a thousand elite combatants. Not only were they armed, but they brought dozens of helicopters and SUVs. They even brought a tank. 
Later, Bonnie’s prediction proved to be correct. She had to go to five other locations before finally reaching the exact location. It was an abandoned factory. A dozen of the kidnappers stared at her 
Chapter 213 
viciously. 
“Close the gate!” Their leader barked an order. 
Creak! 
The rusty gate shut tight. 
Jim, hiding nearby, put down the telescope and looked at the combatant beside him, saying, “All teams stand by. Wait for my signal.” 
“Roger!” 
212 
“Be on alert. I don’t have to remind you guys that the lady in there is our country’s pride. We can’t afford any mistakes! We’ll fail our duties if she even gets scratched!” Jim’s sounded cold and 
authoritative. 
The rest of the combatants felt the pressure. They emptied their minds and focused on the mission, ready to rescue their target as soon as Jim gave the order. 
Back in the factory, Bonnie cahnly swept her eyes across the kidnappers. “Where’s my brother?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 214
Chapter 214 
“Bring him out.” The leader of the kidnappers waved. 
Soon after, the goons dragged a hogtied Benedict out and dumped him on the floor. The first thing Bonnie saw was the slap mark on his face. “I’ll fork over the ransom, but I demand to know who beat my brother up!” 
“You’re too cocky, b***! Mind your tone. We’re the kidnappers here!” 
“Oh? You’re the kidnappers? Not from where I’m standing.” She glared at the dozen or so goons. 
The leader’s eyes widened with a hint of surprise. Before he could say anything, Bonnie continued, You’re surprised at how I saw through your cover.” 
The leader was shocked. 
Bonnie added, “That’s what I thought.” 
The leader could only stare at her, not bothering to hide his sheer surprise now. 
“How did she know?‘ 
Clap, clap, clap! 
A series of claps sounded as Flynn appeared with a team of bodyguards. 
“So, you’re behind it.” Realization struck her. “Are you doing this because of what happened last night?” 
Π 
“Far from it. You put yourself on my ugly side when you humiliated me at the party.” Flynn stared at her the way a predator would its prey. The way he saw it, she was as good as his plaything now. 
“Forget about me, sis! Just leave!” Benedict might not have known who Flynn was, but he figured the man must be a fearsome character from the group of bodyguards around him. 
Since Bonnie was alone, she might end up in a more dangerous situation than her brother if she stayed longer. Even so, Bonnie looked at Benedict comfortingly and said, “Don’t worry, Benny. No one will lay a finger on you now that I’m here.” 
“You’re bold, Bonnie. My men have surrounded this place and shut the gates. They’ve also confirmed that you’ve come alone. How do you plan on escaping in one piece with your brother?” 
Bonnie gazed across the abandoned factory and said, “I’ll admit you brought a big group with you but that doesn’t mean they can defeat me.” 
I guess you’re right. I’ve underestimated you and suffered terribly from it. It’s worse this time. Ivor wants to kick me out of Pyralis for a decade. You humiliated me in front of all my friends. Do you think I’ll let you escape? No, I came fully prepared this time, Bonnie.” 
At the wave of his hand, his bodyguards pulled out pistols. Some pointed it at her head while the 
Chapter 214 
others aimed it at her heart. 
Realizing she still looked calm, he took a couple of steps forward. 
2/2 
“I think I still underestimate you. You’re excellent at pretending. Given your sorry situation, I can’t believe you’re still as calm as the still ocean. You’re masking your fears expertly.” 
Raising her brows, she said, “Oh. You don’t know the half of it. You’ve underestimated me big time.” 
“Do you think Ivor will show up and save you? I’m not a fool, Bonnie. I wouldn’t have done this today if I wasn’t fully prepared. It just so happens that he has an important meeting to attend today. 
“It’s such a large–scale business meeting that no one can interrupt Ivor and feed him the news. He can’t rescue the damsel in distress this time. 
“Also, it’s your rotten luck that the kidnapping happened today. These guys chose to snatch your brother, and it has nothing to do with me at all. Ivor can’t trace it back to me, even if he wanted to exact revenge later. 
“On the off chance that he suspects me, I still would’ve been fine. After all, I’m his cousin. What do you think he can do without concrete evidence against me?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 215
Chapter 215 
At that point, Benedict finally understood something. The mastermind behind the kidnapping was his future brother–in–law’s cousin. 
‘What I can’t understand is the history between them. Why would my future brother–in–law’s cousin hate my sister so much and want to teach her a lesson? If my future brother–in–law has that kind of wealth and power, is he an ordinary employee at the Lockwood Corporation?‘ 
At that moment, Bonnie heard Jim’s voice through the wireless earbud. 
“What’s the situation? Can we move in now?” 
She pretended to brush her hair by the side of her ear and swiftly tapped on the earbud twice. It was the signal they agreed on. 
Jim would move in if it were a single tap, but he’d stand by if it were a double tap. 
Staring at Flynn, she said, “I’m curious, Flynn. What do you want from me?” 
“I want you on your knees, crawl between my legs, and yap like a dog afterward.” Then, he lifted one of his legs and stepped on a chair before pointing at the space between his legs. 
Her eyes grew darker at that. 
“Don’t do it, sis! Don’t listen to him. Don’t even think about it! I’d rather die than see you humiliated in this way!” Benedict’s eyes turned red as he cried out. 
“That’s just the first step.” Flynn looked at her perversely and viciously. “I’ve suffered too much because of you, Bonnie. Don’t expect me to take it easy on you. First, you’ll crawl between my legs. Then, you’ll get n*** and please me. 
“Once you’ve done that, I’ll consider letting you go. However, from here on out, you’ll have to please me whenever I want it. Don’t even think about telling Ivor about this, too. I’m sure you know he’s a neat freak 
“If he finds out I’ve had my way with you, he’ll stay away from you.” 
“N–No! I beg you, Sis. Run, now. He’s a maniac. He doesn’t have a shred of conscience. You’ll be living in hell if you fall into his hands. He’ll torture you forever!” Benedict felt such intense fear for his sister that he was on the verge of tears. He couldn’t hate himself more than he did now. 
“Hahaha. You’re brother’s right. I am the devil incarnate. You’ll be trapped in a living hell the moment I have you within my grasp, but you don’t get to choose, Bonnie. The place is chocked full of my men. 
“I’ll take it easy on you if you yield to me now. On the other hand, you and your brother will wish you. were dead if you choose to fight back.” Flynn cackled. 
“We’ll see about that.” Raising her head, she tapped on her earbud. 
Chapter 215 
2/2 
Several seconds later, they heard wheels rolling furiously on the floor. Before anyone knew what was happening, a car crashed into the factory gate and sent it flying. 
“What the…? What on earth is happening?” Flynn stared at the gate, worried. 
They could hear the sound of a helicopter above their heads. 
That wasn’t all of it. A thousand fully armed combatants rushed it, wielding assault rifles, snipers, and more. There were even tanks with them–all their barrels were pointed right at Flynn and his 
gang. 
Flynn was shocked beyond words now. He had no idea what had just happened. Even Benedict was startled by the commotion and froze to where he was standing. 
“Wh–who are you guys?” Flynn stammered, his legs wobbling subtly. 
Jim stepped out from the crowd and bellowed, “Give us Benedict. Otherwise, I’ll put holes in all of you!” 
“Is that freaking Jim Ryan?!” Flynn recognized him at first glance. 
At first, Benedict thought Jim looked somewhat familiar. He felt like he had seen this man on television but couldn’t pinpoint who he was. For a while there, he was clueless. 
However, Flynn’s cry jogged his memory. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 216
Chapter 216 
“Isn’t he the renowned King of Combat in Arvandor? Oh, my Gosh! Is it him? Wait a minute. Is he here with a thousand men to save Bonnie? How ridiculous is this? Is this happening?‘ 
“Master Jim. Do you…” Flynn looked at Jim before turning to look at Bonnie. “Do you know her? A- Are you here to save Bonnie?” 
Flynn sounded more fearful with every second. Never had he thought that Bonnie, who was merely a bumpkin, would know someone as great as Jim Ryan. What was even crazier was that he gathered 
such a team for her sake. 
‘Even if Bonnie is his friend, how did he manage to assemble this much manpower and the freaking Tanks?!” 
Jim took several steps forward and barked, “I won’t ask twice. Give us Benedict. Otherwise, I’ll give the order to open fire.” 
Flynn tried to contain himself so hard that his face turned purple. “I’m one of the Knights, Master Jim. Think about it very carefully. Are you sure you want to cross me for the sake of a bumpkin…” 
“B***!” A single gunshot sounded as Jim gestured at one of the combatants. The bullet flew between Flynn’s legs. The shot startled him so much that he held his head and hopped around like a bunny. 
The combatants Jim brought here were expert sharpshooters. 
“Let him go! You heard him, guys! Let Benedict go!” Flynn was downright terrified and screamed hastily. 
Benedict raced toward Bonnie. “Who are they, Sis?” 
“You’re safe now. Don’t worry. I’ll bring these punks to justice.” Immediately after she said it, a blood -chilling air assaulted all of Flynn’s senses. 
The moment he met her terrifying gaze, he couldn’t help but shiver. 
“I let your he 
“I let your brother go, Bonnie. What more do you want from me?” 
Looking at the slap mark on Benedict’s face, she asked, “Tell me, Benny. Who did this to you?” 
Extending his arm, Benedict pointed at Flynn and said, “He did it.” 
“I’m going to make him pay for it.” With that, she walked straight toward Flynn. 
Meanwhile, Jim followed, worried something might happen to Bonnie. 
Flynn’s eyes widened as he spoke, alarmed. “What do you think you’re doing, Bonnie? I’m warning you. I’m one of the Knights. You’ll regret laying even a finger on me.” 
However, she was unfazed. Raising her hands, she brought it down with much force and slapped him right across his face. 
Chapter 216 
2/2 
“Ow!” Covering his face, Flynn g*** in pain. 
Turning her head around, she waved at her brother. “Over here, Benny. It’s your turn now.” 
At first, Benedict hesitated. Then, he thought about how he had nothing to be afraid of because his sister had slapped that punk in the first place. After that, he walked over with vim and vigor and slapped Flynn furiously. It hurt so much that Flynn yelped out of pain again. 
“Well done.” She nodded in approval. Then, she asked Jim, “Is Grandpa Sigmund here?” 
“He’ll be here in a second,” Jim responded. 
Flym’s eyes shifted with renewed hope. ‘I can’t believe Bonnie asked Grandpa over here. What a moron. Does she think Grandpa will stand up for her when he’s here? I’m the grandson. It doesn’t matter how mad Granpa is. He’ll look out for me.‘ 
Not long after, Sigmund arrived at the abandoned factory. 
“Save me, Grandpa!” Flynn thought he saw the light at the end of the tunnel when Sigmund showed 
up. 
The older man approached Flynn and raised his cane without another word. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 217
Chapter 217 
Sigmund whacked Flynn’s knee with his cane. 
Flynn’s knees bent from the impact, and he fell instantly. 
“Damn you, you insolent punk! How dare you hire someone to kill Bonnie? Do you know how big of a trouble you’re in now?” Sigmund was beside himself with rage. He was very hateful of the fact that Flynn didn’t live up to his potential. 
On the other hand, Flynn was stunned. It was the first time he saw his grandpa this furious. 
“I just don’t get it, Grandpa. Why do you insist on defending her? I’m your grandson, for Heaven’s sake! I know you like her a lot, but you can’t do this to me for her sake!” 
“I wish I didn’t have a grandson like you! I would’ve strangled you to death the moment you were born if I had known how you’d turn out to be. You have no idea what you’ve just done!” Sigmund was so furious that his face turned–purple. He continued to whack Flynn with his cane as he bellowed. 
Flynn couldn’t take it anymore! The pain was so great that he yelped in pain every time his grandpa 
hit him. 
“What kind of a spell did that b*** put on you, Grandpa? Isn’t she just a nobody?” 
Sigmund’s eyes widened in exasperation. “Wh–what did I do to deserve such an egoistic and witless grandson? Look around you. Do you still honestly think she’s a nobody? Is there a f*** brain cell left in your noodle?” 
“Well. I…” Flynn was about to say something when he saw the thousand armed combatants. Then, he whipped his head around and looked at Jim. 
At that moment, Jim stood before Bonnie, ready to move if anything threatened to harm her. The entire Arvandor knew Jim was the bodyguard of a certain someone. 
Flynn’s jaws dropped when that thought entered his mind. “H–How’s this possible? How could it be her? There’s no way! It can’t be.” 
“Finally catching on, huh? You have the same brain capacity as your mom. I ed to it when Gunnar said he wanted to marry Sydney. Her intelligence is questionable at best. Back then, I feared she would pass on her moronic gene to her children. It looks like I was right, after all!” 
Sigmund was serious about it. He regretted not shutting down their marriage back then. 
Flynn felt as if there was a ringing in his ears. Things began to make sense. It explained why his grandpa did everything to set Bonnie up with Ivor. It was also no wonder Ivor suddenly changed how he treated Bonnie and began doting on her instead. 
Gulping, he slowly shifted his gaze to Bonnie. She still looked cold and indifferent, as per usual. However, he no longer regarded her with eagerness or disrespect. In their place, there was fear and 
reverence. 
Chapter 217 
2/2 
Sigmund sighed and looked at her. “Flynn brought this on himself. So, do whatever you want with him, Bonnie. Don’t mind me.” 
Bonnie frowned. Sigmund might’ve said what he said, but he did save her and her family. Moreover, he had treated Bonnie well and fairly. 
She would’ve let it roll off her back if Flynn had just targeted her, but he had to go and kidnap her brother. Everyone had a button that no one, under any circumstances, should push. For Bonnie, her family was her button. 
Noticing how torn up she felt inside, Sigmund sighed again and felt like someone had taken years off 
his Rfe. 
“I’m sorry to put you in this position, Bonnie. How about this? I’ll kick this poor excuse of a grandson out of the country and forbid him from returning for the rest of his life. What say you?” 
She nodded. “Whatever you say, goes, Grandpa.” 
“You have my gratitude, Bonnie.” Sigmund meant it from the bottom of his heart. He knew how bad- tempered she was. He also knew she would’ve suffered if she didn’t wield the kind of power and status that she did right now. Not even her brother can leave unscathed if that were the case.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 218
Chapter 218 
A moment later, Flynn slumped listlessly on the floor. 
‘My life is over.‘ 
“Come on, Benny. Let me see to your wounds.” Bonnie looked at her brother and said. 
Benedict tore his confusing gaze away from Sigmund and Flynn. “They’re no ordinary citizens. Am I right, Bonnie?” 
“Mm–hmm.” She nodded. 
“Well. Who-“Benedict was about to ask his sister who they were but chose to drop it for now. Instead, he said, “I’m starving, Sis.” 
There must be a reason why she did not mention it before. Benedict also wondered about Jim and the armed combatants. These were questions he wouldn’t ask his sister. He believed she’d confide with him her secrets someday. 
“Let’s go home then.” Bonnie was grateful to have a brother such as him. 
“Alright, Sis.” Benedict smiled pleasantly. 
The whole thing was far from over, though. 
Sydney learned about the ruling Sigmund issued to her son and exploded. “What are you waiting for? Come down, now. We have a bone to pick with Sigmund. Who does he think he is to kick Flynn out of the country for the rest of his life?” 
Gunnar’s brows furrowed. 
“I made some calls in the study earlier. Then, I sent some of my men to investigate the matter. It looks like Flynn kidnapped Bonnie’s younger brother to blackmail her. However, Dad found out about it and took a team of a thousand combatants to save her.” 
“Why are you making it sound so severe? Flynn’s just a kid. I’m sure he kidnapped her brother as a joke. Why did Bonnie have to make a big deal out of it? I can’t believe she made Sigmund kick our baby son out of the country and forbade him from coming back! 
“Who gave her the right to do that? Well, Flynn’s my son and his grandson, for crying out loud. I won’t take this!” Sydney snarled viciously. 
Flynn also thought the punishment was too harsh. He knew his father well. Even if Gunnar hated Flynn for not living up to his potential, he was still Sigmund’s grandson. 
Gunnar had known his son since he was young. Flynn thought his father wouldn’t dish out such a heavy sentence over a spat. That was why he thought there was more to the truth about this incident. 
“Let’s go. We need to find Dad and learn the full facade of this fiasco.” 
Chapter 218 
2/2 
“Oh. You bet we’ll find him, but what’s there to learn? Is there even the need for that? I’m sure that b*** was being unreasonable and resentful. She must’ve forced Sigmund to make that decision. 
“I’ve sent my men to wait for our son at the airport. They’re going to stop Sigmund’s men from deporting Flynn. He’s my baby son. I’m not going to stand by and do nothing while they forcibly kick him out of the country,” Sydney said viciously. 
Gunnar’s eyes widened. “What did you just say? Did you send someone to stop Dad’s men?” 
“You’re damn right I did.” 
“You’re even more reckless than I thought. Here I am, wondering why Flynn would do something as outrageous as kidnapping someone. It turns out he takes after you. You’re both rash.” 
Out of nowhere, his mind traveled back to when his dad vehemently ed to him marrying Sydney twenty years ago. 
Looking back, he had to admit that he should’ve listened to his dad. His dad was a keen judge of character. However, it was all too late now. 
“I did what I did because of your dad! He shouldn’t have been so heartless and ejected Flynn from the country. It’s pointless to get cold feet now. My men are already on the move. They’ve probably put Flynn somewhere nobody knows now.” 
Suddenly, Bonnie popped into Sydney’s thoughts, and she felt an intense resentment rising in her 
chest. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 219
Chapter 219 
“It’s all Bonnie’s fault!” 
Gunnar sighed. “This is no time to be pointing fingers. Let’s find my Dad first.” 
1/2 
Bonnie had just treated Benedict’s wounds when Ivor arrived hastily. “Are 
She felt a little moved when she saw how worked up he was. 
“I’m fine. Benedict suffered some beating, though.” 
you hurt?” 
He looked at her brother’s swollen face and grew grim. “Damn it, Flynn. I shouldn’t have let him off that easily last night. 
Bonnie pursed her lips and said, “They’ve deported Flynn and forbidden him from returning to Arvandor for the rest of his life. That’s harsh enough for him. I just want to put him behind me and move on. Let’s not talk about him anymore.” 
From that, Ivor realized she was ready to let Flynn live. 
“I can’t believe you’re still this kind–hearted, even after what he put you through.” Ivor was heartbroken. 
“I’m not kind or anything. I’m just mindful of what Grandpa Sigmund did for me.” 
Then, it hit Benedict. “What do you mean by that, sis? Is Sigmund the man who helped us back then? If memory serves me right, we have just moved into the city with Mom and Dad. Then, we were mugged and beaten up. An older man, who was sitting in a car, got us out of the pinch. Is he that old man?” 
“Mhm, that’s him.” 
“So, that’s what happened. I can’t believe Ivor is his grandson. It almost looks like fate brought you and your future husband together!” Benedict felt moved at that moment. 
Ivor was pleased that Benedict referred to him as Bonnie’s future husband. On top of that, he liked the way he ended his little speech. So, he reached out and patted Benedict’s shoulder. 
That was when Ivor received a call from his father. 
“Where are you?” Willard asked anxiously. 
“Outside.” 
“Are you with Bonnie?” Willard took a wild guess. 
“Mhm.” 
“Great. Take Bonnie back with you.” 
Chapter 219 
2/2 
Ivor guessed, “Is Uncle Gunnar and Aunt Sydney here?” 
“You got that right.” Willard rubbed the side of his head. Sydney was cursing away as he spoke with his son on the phone. 
Casting a glance at Bonnie, Ivor said, “Don’t worry. I’ll protect you.” 
“I’m not scared in the slightest. Furthermore, I didn’t do anything wrong.” She said casually. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 220
Chapter 220 
1/2 
Chapter 220 
“Can’t you just soften up and seek comfort from me? You’re so tough that I don’t feel useful sometimes,” Ivor said helplessly. 
Bonnie raised her brows and smirked. “That’s not entirely true. You’re useful sometimes.” 
Ivor’s eyes gleamed. “Any examples that springs to mind?” 
“Well, you make me roll my eyes more.” 
That wasn’t the answer he wanted to hear at all. 
Half an hour later, Bonnie returned to the Knights‘ villa. They had barely gotten out of the car when they heard Sydney’s roar from the inside. 
“For Heaven’s sake, Flynn is your grandson, Dad! How could you deport him and forbid him from returning? I know you favor Ivor because he’s the son of your firstborn, but Flynn is still your family!” 
Sigmund was sitting in a chair while staring at her. “Flynn shouldn’t have kidnapped someone. Don’t you know what that means? He broke the law! Do you even know how they deal with kidnappers? 
“The court could sentence him to ten years or a lifetime imprisonment if they feel the punishment is too mild. If Bonnie hadn’t gone easy on him, he would be behind bars now!” 
Bonnie and Ivor entered but said nothing. Instead, they stood to the side and waited, 
Sydney glared at Bonnie and told Sigmund, “Don’t make it sound like a bigger deal than it is, Dad. Flynn merely argued with Bonnie and took her brother away for a second. It was just a spat. She’s the one who blew up the whole thing and refused to let it go. She’s just petty!” 
Her claims were so outrageous that it pissed Sigmund off. “You’re just the same as Flynn! Bonnie’s no ordinary lady! She’s a hugely important figure in this country. She was merciful when she didn’t 
involve outsiders in the whole mess. 
“If anyone finds out about it, you wouldn’t have been able to stop them from putting a bullet in Flynn’s head! Not even our entire Knight family could stop it!” 
‘Hugely important?‘ Ivor turned to Bonnie and scanned her from head to toe. However, she was calm and indifferent, refusing to explain anything. 
“What’s so special about her? Are you referring to the fact that she did well in the SATS? That’s nothing compared to our family!” 
Sigmund shot up from his seat and said, “Do you mean it’s forgivable if Flynn kidnapped some ordinary folks or even killed them instead? Are you trying to say the victims deserved it?” 
Thwack, thwack, thwack! 
He struck his cane fiercely on the floor, fires blazing in his eyes. 
Chapter 220 
272 
“Well, 1-“Sydney gulped. That was what she meant. 
Gunnar knew his wife well and was concerned she would worsen things if she spoke further. So, he chimed in, “Don’t get angry, Dad. That’s not what she meant. She’s just too worried about our son. After all, she loves him. 
“As for Flynn, I must admit he was wrong wrong this time. He has to suffer the consequences of his actions. However, the whole thing was contained, considering. Do you think you can change your mind about your decision? 
“After all, forbidding Flynn from returning for the rest of his life was too harsh. Don’t you think? Please, Dad. Go easy on him and reduce it to a decade or two. It’s better than a lifetime ban.” 
“What?” Sydney’s eyes widened. She couldn’t believe what she had just heard. “Flynn is your son, Gunnar. How dare you beg for a ban that would last a decade or two? Also, why are you admitting that he’s in the wrong? 
“I’m his mom, and I know him well. It has nothing to do with him. It’s Bonnie’s fault!” 
Then, she glared at Bonnie with unbridled rage and snarled, “You must’ve s*** my son, you skank! You stirred up the mess at the party. On top of that, you were also responsible for what happened in the restaurant last night.‘ 
“Don’t even think about denying it. I asked my son’s friends, and they admitted that you were the one who barged into their private room.” 
Bonnie said casually, “I merely went into the wrong private room. Your son was the one who wouldn’t let me go, no matter what I said.” 
“What a load of crap! Stop trying to shirk off the responsibility, you b***! Do you expect me to believe you walked into his room by chance? 
$ 
“You were worried that Ivor would get sick of you and kick you to the curb. That’s why you s*** my son and treated him as your safety net. Then, Ivor found out about it, and you twisted the truth by saying my son wanted to do some nasty things to you! 
“Also, I think Flynn did what he did because he let his anger go to his head. He kidnapped your brother to make you apologize to him and admit your dirty secrets in front of his grandpa. All of this is your fault, Bonnie!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 221
Chapter 221 
Ivor stared at Sydney coldly. “Watch your mouth, Aunt Sydney.” 
She had always feared Ivor, but her son was about to be framed for something he didn’t do. Of course, she wouldn’t back down. Moreover, she was his aunt, for crying out loud. 
“What did you just say to me? She’s the one who has been acting like an evil witch!” 
Ivor was about to approach, but Bonnie stopped him. Instead, she approached Sydney and said, “I respect Grandpa Sigmund and didn’t want to show any evidence. However, you’ve been running your mouth and being unreasonable. See for yourself who started it!” 
Bonnie pulled out her phone and played an audio clip she had recorded in the abandoned factory. 
Sydney was conflicted as she listened to the horrible things her son said. It was a spectacle. Even Gunnar lowered his head, wishing he could disappear. Afterward, Bonnie played a video. 
“I 
got someone to send me the security footage from the private room that night. Sit back and watch what went down yesterday.” In the video, Bonnie accidentally entered the wrong private room, and Flynn asked his men to stop her from leaving. 
When the video ended, Bonnie raised her chin at Sydney. “What do you have to say now? Still think your precious son did nothing wrong?” 
Sydney’s eyes became bloodshot as she gritted her teeth and glared at Bonnie. 
Bonnie shook her head. “I guess there’s no talking sense to you. You’re so unreasonable and obstinate. I’ve achieved nothing more than waste my time and effort.” 
Sydney raised her fist at Bonnie and roared, “It’s a trick! You forged the voice recording and the video!!! 
1 
Worried that his aunt might harm Bonnie, Ivor quickly pulled his fiancee behind him. 
Sydney would’ve taught Bonnie a lesson, but she wouldn’t dare to lay a finger on Ivor. Ultimately, Sydney could only withdraw her hand and shriek. “I believe in my son! He did nothing wrong! He’s the victim here!” 
“Oh, yeah?” All of a sudden, they heard a lady’s voice. 
All of them turned around and looked at the door. 
“Mom?” Ivor uttered, surprised. Maisie had always stayed clear of the Knight Villa, but she stood before them here. Furthermore, she had Flynn with her. 
“Flynn!” Sydney saw her son and was about to dash toward him. 
“Step forward if you dare. Do you want to bet if I’m going to smack you to the ground and stomp on your face, like old times?” Maisie’s grim threat was all it took to stop Sydney dead in her tracks. 
Chapter 221 
22/2 
“Hmph!” Maisie scoffed disdainfully and then turned to smile at Bonnie warmly. “It’s been a long time, Bonnie.” 
“Why did you take him with you, Maisie?” She looked at Flynn, which Maisie held firmly. 
Maisie glanced at him before flinging him like a garbage bag. “I heard about what happened and took a flight back to Arvandor. I was about to take matters into my own hands and stand up 
for you. 
“Imagine my surprise when I saw a group of bodyguards who intercepted Flynn’s plane. They were there to pull him out. It didn’t take long for me to figure out that Sydney was behind it.” 
Sydney was beside herself with rage. What were the odds? Why would her men run into Maisie at a time like this? 
Raising her feet, Maisie kicked Flynn and said, “Come on. Tell your mom the truth. Who exactly is at fault here?” 
Flynn stole a look at Bonnie and felt a bitter feeling rising in his chest. 
“It’s my fault. I started everything, and I’m willing to accept my punishment.” Sydney couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Her voice was shrill as she spoke. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 222
Chapter 222 
“Are you saying that because they have something over you? There’s no need to be scared, Flynn. Mom’s here. I’ll keep you safe. Now, just tell them the truth. No one would dare to do anything to you!” 
Sighing, Flynn looked at his mother with a resigned look on his face. “No one’s blackmailing me or anything, Mom. I did it because I was a reckless fool. 
“I let my arrogance go to my head and wanted Bonnie for myself. I shouldn’t have thought that way and shouldn’t have resorted to such loathsome means.” 
Realizing that her son felt guilty and regretful, Sydney was dumbfounded. Her jaw dropped, unsure of what she should’ve said at that very moment. She could only watch as Flynn got taken away again. 
The night rolled on, and Ivor had just finished bathing when he heard Bonnie knocking on the door. 
“It’s late in the night. Why aren’t you sleeping? What’s the matter?” His deep baritone sounded exceptionally pleasant in the quiet night. 
Nodding, she said, “How about we take a stroll together? That is if you’re not too tired for it…” 
“Not at all. I’m always ready to spend some time with you, honey!” He said chirpily. 
She didn’t know if she should cry or laugh at that, “We’re not even a couple or anything. Don’t you think it’s too soon to be calling me honey?” 
Ivor merely smiled without saying another word. 
“Let’s go. The moon looks wonderful tonight, too.” He took a coat from the coat rack and put it on Bonnie. “Here, so you won’t catch a cold.” 
She relaxed a little as she looked at the coat. Then, both of them walked side by side in the courtyard and chatted with each other for a while. They didn’t stop until they came upon the koi fish pond. 
He handed her a tray of fish food and asked, “Do you want to feed them?” 
“Sure.” She flung some of them into the pond several times before turning to look at him. “I’m sorry for stirring up this mess in your family. I know it happened because of me.” 
“Don’t shoulder the blame, Bonnie. It isn’t even your fault, to begin with.” He was a little 
heartbroken to hear what she said. 
“That might be true, but Flynn wouldn’t have been deported out of Arvandor if I hadn’t shown up in your family.” 
“Geez. Listen to yourself. Do you mean that the criminals didn’t do anything wrong when they murdered folks? Is it the victim’s fault for triggering them? Are you saying that the victims have no one but themselves to blame because they showed up before the criminals?” 
Her lips twitched as she felt a giggle coming on. “I have nothing to say when you put it that way.” 
Chapter 222 
Raising his hands, he held her shoulders and stared at her with unblinking eyes. 
“That’s because I’m telling the truth.” 
Her face couldn’t help but turn red when he fixed his gaze on her like this. 
“I thought we were out here to chat. What do you think you’re doing?” Raising her hands, she pried his off her shoulder and resumed feeding the koi fishes. 
Ivor was still staring at her like before. Bonnie’s side face looked silky and smooth underneath the soft glow of the moonlight, radiating tenderly. 
Then, he moved his gaze to her shapely lips. They looked so tender and inviting that he started sensing a passionate heat spreading throughout his body. 
His Adam’s apple rolled up and down expectantly as he took the sight in. 
Initially, Bonnie focused on feeding the koi fishes. Then, she noticed something unusual about him. She put down the fish food and cocked her head to look at him. 
“What’s the matter-” 
Before she could finish, Ivor pulled her into his arms and kissed her passionately. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 223
Chapter 223 
Bonnie’s eyes widened in surprise. She was about to push him away but felt weaker by the second. 
Ivor noticed it, thinking, ‘She would’ve pushed me away under normal circumstances, but not this time. It looks like I didn’t waste my efforts after all.‘ 
He smiled and kissed Bonnie’s hands gently. His eyes were full of affection as he looked at her. 
“How about we get engaged again, Bonnie? This time, we’ll have a big party. I want the whole world to know I’m engaged to you.” His voice was so tender that Bonnie’s heart began to pound. It took her much effort to control her breathing and withdraw her hands. 
“Come on. We should head back.” 
“Hmm?” Ivor was stunned by this sudden turn of events. He thought he felt something stirred in her 
heart earlier. 
She flashed him a smile, revealing her white teeth. “Get some sleep soon. Perhaps we’ll get engaged in your dream.” 
He chuckled helplessly. “Does this mean you’ll say yes to it if we get engaged in a dream?” 
‘Is he for real?‘ Bonnie was speechless for a while. With that said, she was in a fine mood. 
“Come on. It’s almost midnight. You can’t have dreams if you’re overtired.” 
“I guess you’re right.” With that, he held her hands in his. 
Lowering her head, she looked at their intertwined hands. However, he spoke before she could say anything. “Just let me hold them. Did you forget that I get cold easily?” 
She savored the warmth from his palms but gave him a big eye–roll instead. With that said, she didn’t let go of his hands. 
“Is your schedule open on August fourteenth?” He asked. 
Raising her head, she asked, “What’s on your mind?” 
“I want you to shop with me.” 
“You want me to go shopping with you?” 
“Mhm. We’ll buy you some new clothes.” 
That stopped her in her tracks. She asked Ivor, “Why do you want to buy me new clothes so suddenly?” 
Lowering his gaze, he looked at her and responded, “It’s my birthday.” 
She was surprised to learn that his birthday was on the fourteenth of August. 
“Why are you buying me clothes, then? It’s your birthday. Shouldn’t I have bought you something 
212 
instru 
“That works. It’s a date, then. You’ll shop with me on August fourteenth.” He said with a smile. 
She remained quiet for a while before she said, “Did you just trick me?” 
He threw his head back and laughed heartily. He looked so happy that her lips couldn’t help but curl up in a smile. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 224
Chapter 224 
It was a lovely moment. 
Several days later, Bonnie sat in the Smiths‘ car. Avril chatted with her non–stop while Daken drove. 
“I’m telling you, Bonnie. Life has been good ever since we collaborated with Tang Fusion Studios. In the past, Brittany always showed me up whenever she saw me. But now, she’s so jealous of me that 
she wants to beat me up. 
“Do you remember how she gloated about her family getting the collaboration with Tang Fusion Studios when we met her in the Bohemian Boutique? She botched it, and the deal went to my family 
instead. 
“You have no idea how thrilled and satisfied I am! Sometimes, I find myself laughing in my sleep.” 
“I heard that your family’s company is going well. Your dad was even on the Financial News Network,” Bonnie added casually. 
“You saw that?! I thought you didn’t care about it.” Avril was more than excited when she talked about this. “The Financial News Network invited my dad as a guest and interviewed him for thirty 
minutes. 
“They even aired it during the prime time. We’re so honored by it! We owe all of this to you, Bonnie. Thank!” 
Smiling, Bonnie responded, “You guys worked hard to get the collaboration. So, what are you thanking me for?” 
“Are you going to tell us that you didn’t have anything to do with it? It doesn’t matter because I’m not buying it.” She held Bonnie’s arms and said. 
Daken monitored Bonnie’s expression closely through the rearview mirror. She might’ve kept calm, 
but some subtle changes were apparent in her expressions. 
“I merely talked to Hamish and mentioned your family a little.” That wasn’t a lie at all. It was just 
that they didn’t need to know about the contents. 
“You see? I’m right. That’s why I said you made it happen. My dad and I must thank you properly when we get to the Jade Horizon Hotel.” 
She had brought Bonnie here for the sole purpose of repaying her favor. Not long after, Daken parked 
the car in front of the hotel entrance. 
“Feast your eyes on the Jade Horizon Hotel! It’s expensive to have a meal here. My dad and I have only ever eaten here for special occasions.” With that, she took Bonnie into the hotel. 
They came to the concierge, and she asked the staff, “Do you have a private room at your restaurant?” 
“We’ve still got a last private room.” The staff responded. 
2/2 
“Alright, Please give it..” She couldn’t finish her sentence because someone behind her cut her off. 
“We’ll take it.” 
It sounded familiar, too. Avril turned and realized it was the lady they had just been discussing. Brittany was standing behind them with her parents in tow. 
“What are you looking at? I said, we’re taking it.” Brittany looked arrogant and unreasonable. 
“Hey! Don’t you notice that we came first? Do you even know the concept of a first come first served 
s?” Avril loaned closer and retorted. 
eah. Although you guys came first, you didn’t say you wanted it. On the other hand, I said it first. That means the private room is ours.” 
“Thonestly don’t know what goes on in your mind, Brittany. Do you get a kick out of snatching things from other people? You did the same thing in Bohemian Boutique. Honestly, you’re the most shameless person I’ve ever met!” Avril’s chest was rising and falling rapidly. 
Brittany’s face turned red from anger. “You’re the only shameless people around here! You hadn’t paid for the dress when I said I wanted it back then, and you didn’t say out loud that you wanted the private room this time. What makes you think that the last private room belongs to you?!” 
“L… Um….” She had learned a lesson today. It was meaningless to argue with a shameless person. All it was going to achieve was to get herself mad. 
That was when she heard Bonnie’s voice. 
“Here’s the deposit for the private room.” She said to the hotel staff. 
Brittany raced toward her and pulled her away. “How are you this shameless? The private room is ours! Ours, I say!” 
$ 
Simultaneously, Dermot and Nia flanked her. 
“I have yet to settle my score with you for picking on my daughter, Bonnie. How dare you act so cocky now?!” Dermot squinted and glared at her menacingly. 
Nia also gave her a terrifying look and said, “I’ve long heard that there’s something wrong with you. Now that I’ve seen it myself, you’re worse than I thought. How dare you fight with us when we said we wanted the private room first? Who are you to cross the Dyngards, you country bumpkin?!” 
Seeing how the Dyngard family was picking on Bonnie, Avril lost it and marched in front of Bonnie with Daken in tow. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 225
Chapter 225 
“Hey! Do you even hear yourself, Nia? You guys are the ones cutting the queue here! How dare you 
“That’s quite enough, Avril. I’ll handle it.” Daken stopped his daughter and stood before both of 
them. 
Looking at his broad shoulders, Bonnie couldn’t resist whispering to her. “Your father loves you very 
much.” 
Avril felt a pang of heartache on Bonnie’s behalf. ‘Poor Bonnie’s right. My dad loves me very much, unlike her parents, who have treated her so poorly.‘ 
Reaching out, she patted Bonnie’s hand and said, “Remember this, Bonnie. Our door is always open for you. If you should ever feel like you don’t belong anywhere, then the Smiths will more than welcome you into the family. 
“My dad talked about you during dinner once, and my mom said she liked you. She’d love it if you could join us for dinner sometime. She wants to be your godmother. We’re just wondering if you’ll be okay with it.” 
That completely took Bonnie by surprise. She stared at Avril’s expressions and failed to find any signs of deception. She was a keen judge of characters, too. It seemed like Avil was telling her the truth. 
Then, she shifted her gaze to Daken and began to see him as an older person who treasured and protected her. 
“Hear me out, Dermot. Nia. We Smiths might not be as wealthy or powerful as the Dyngards now, but that doesn’t mean we could eventually rise above you. I’ll not tolerate your tyrannical actions! 
“Bonnie is a friend of my daughter’s, and I consider myself an uncle to her. Both the hotel staff and the nearby guests saw that we were there first. For that matter, we’re the ones who asked them about a private room first. 
“Not only are you not remorseful of cutting in the queue, but you’re throwing accusations around without a lick of shame. I wonder what will happen to your reputation if this gets out among the high society circles.” 
Daken uttered each word with much elegance, but it had cut into both Dermot’s and Nia’s hearts. They were furious. 
Day with 
“Look at you now, Daken, acting all cocky with me! It’s just dumb luck that you got the collaboration with Tang Fusion Studios! You Smiths are nothing to me. So, maybe think twice before you start acting tough before me. 
“As my daughter said, you did ask first, but we confirmed it before you did. That means the private room is ours! Mind you, I’m friends with the lobby manager of this fine hotel.‘ 
Well, speak of the devil. The lobby manager came rushing here after the hotel staff informed him about what happened. 
” 
Chapter 225 
2/2 
“Here, at last, Robert. Will you please tell them who the private room belongs to?” Dermot cried out triumphantly. 
Robert smiled and said, “My staff have told me about what happened. If you said it first, then, naturally, it’s yours.” 
Both Daken and Avril grew grùm, feeling miserable and helpless. 
On the other hand, the Dyngards gave Bonnie a sidelong glance before raising their chins high. 
That was when Bonnie said, “Are you the lobby manager, Robert? Is this how you do your work?” 
“That’s none of your…” Robert didn’t get to finish his sentence. The moment he saw Bonnie, he ground to a halt. 
“It’s you, Ms. Boni…” 
“That’s right. I’m Bonnie. Your memory is working quite well, I see.” She cut him off before he accidentally exposed her real identity. 
Anyone who could become a lobby manager was perceptive and knew what to say under different situations, let alone he worked at the Jade Horizon Hotel. 
“How could I ever forget you, Ms. Bonnie? I might forget many things, but I could never forget you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 226
Chapter 226 
The lobby manager’s servile attitude puzzled everyone. 
Daken and Avril exchanged glances. They knew Bonnie had an extraordinary relationship with Hamish and Tang Fusion Studios. However, they did not understand her relationship with Jade 
Horizon Hotel. 
Considering the lobby manager’s demeanor, he seemed to hold Bonnie in high regard. 
Although Bonnie received strange glances from the crowd, she did not bother explaining herself. Instead, she said, “We arrived first. Who do you think the private room should go to?” 
“You, of course. Please, the private room is this way, miss.” The manager realized he had inadvertently offended Bonnie earlier. Now, he bent over backward to please her. 
Meanwhile, Dermot’s expression darkened as he stopped the manager, saying, “Robert, shouldn’t you give me the private room instead?” 
The manager knew Bonnie and Dermot’s family were at odds, so his attitude toward Dermot turned sour. “Mr. Dermot, you’re a prominent figure. How could you stoop so low and try claiming someone 
else’s room? 
“I must’ve been blind to be so friendly toward you before. From today onward, I want no further dealings with you.” 
Dermot trembled. “Robert, what’s gotten into you?” 
“That’s enough, Mr. Dermot. Please take care,” the manager said indifferently. 
Dermot’s expression turned grim. He wanted to leave with his family, but he would feel even more 
embarrassed if he did. 
“What, he’s just a lobby manager, isn’t he? How dare he speak to you like that, Dad. How he spoke would make others think his family owned Jade Horizon Hotel,” Brittany said despite herself. 
Dermot relaxed when he heard that. 
‘Yeah, he’s just a lobby manager, and I own a publicly listed company.‘ It’s all about showing respect if I can be on good terms with the hotel owner.‘ 
“Robert has overstepped his boundaries!” Dermot decided to get close to the hotel’s higher–ups and make the lobby manager regret his actions. 
Ultimately, Bonnie did not go to the private room because they felt the spacious ambiance was better in the lobby. As Bonnie and the others took their seats, Dermot and Brittany took theirs. Coincidentally, there were only these two neighboring tables remaining in the lobby. 
“What a mood killer.” Avril felt annoyed seeing Brittany’s family. 
Brittany glared at Avril and the others. 
“I’ve had it with them.” Avril wanted to roll up her sleeves. 
22 
“Don’t mind them. Let’s focus on our meal and let them focus on theirs.” Bonnie handed the menu to Daken, who appreciated Bonnie more and more. 
‘Bonnie knows how to respect her elders. She’s nothing like the rumors state. She’s impeccable in my 
1 
eyes. I thought my daughter was sensible, but Bonnie’s even more so. She considers things more thoroughly, and she’s talented.‘ 
“Hey, Bonnie, I need to ask you something.” Avril poked Bonnie’s arm, looking curious. “How do you know the lobby manager?” 
Daken was just as curious. While pretending to read through the menu, he listened intently to 
Bonnie’s answer. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 227
Chapter 227 
“I know him because I used to come here often,” Bonnie replied truthfully. 
“Are you that rich?” 
“I’ll be honest. Someone else always footed the bill whenever I came. I never spent a dime myself.” 
Daken and Avril did not think Bonnie was the type to mooch off others. Instead, they saw her as genuinely talented and willingly let others treat her. The waitstaff served the food as the trio 
conversed. 
“Wow, the dishes came so quickly! Whenever we came before, we’d have to wait for ages, especially for the Maine Lobster Thermidor the head chef makes. It’s usually hard to get a reservation for it. My 
dad and I have never had a chance to taste it until now.” 
Suddenly, Brittany’s irritating voice sounded, “Waiter, waiter! We arrived at the same time as them. Why did you serve their dishes first but not ours? We asked for the Maine Lobster Thermidor earlier, and you said we were too late to order it. 
“The head chef only makes three Maine Lobster Thermidors daily. People reserved those three a week 
ago, 
correct?” 
The waiter replied smilingly, “I didn’t lie to you, miss. Indeed, people have reserved those dishes a week ago.” 
“Then how come they have it?” Brittany pointed at Bonnie’s table and yelled, “Don’t tell me they booked it a week ago! I refuse to believe it! We came to the hotel together just now, and only one private room remained. 
“She could have gone ?traight in if she reserved it. There’s no need to reserve a room at the front desk, right?” 
“Well, I—“The waiter looked embarrassed. 
Brittany felt dissatisfied as she looked around. Many had arrived before them, yet some tables did not have a single dish. Some only had a few cold appetizers. 
“Is this how you do things in such a prestigious hotel? Everyone arrived before Bonnie, so why did you serve them first? Did she bribe you or something? Since you refuse to answer, I must be right. I heard she often sells her body for benefits.” 
The other diners looked at Bonnie disdainfully when they heard Brittany’s complaints. 
“Damn it, Brittany! Why do you have such a foul mouth?! How dare you say something like that without proof! Apologize to Bonnie now, or I’ll call the cops on you!” Avril wanted to rip Brittany’s tongue off. 
“Go ahead and call the cops if you dare.” Brittany stood up. “I’m not scared of you or the cops. Bonnie is shameless!” 
Chapter 227 
“I know him because I used to come here often,” Bonnie replied truthfully. 
“Are you that rich?” 
“I’ll be honest. Someone else always footed the bill whenever I came. I never spent a dime myself.” 
Daken and Avril did not think Bonnie was the type to mooch off others. Instead, they saw her as genuinely talented and willingly let others treat her. The waitstaff served the food as the trio conversed. 
“Wow, the dishes came so quickly! Whenever we came before, we’d have to wait for ages, especially for the Maine Lobster Thermidor the head chef makes. It’s usually hard to get a reservation for it. My dad and I have never had a chance to taste it until now.” 
Suddenly, Brittany’s irritating voice sounded, “Waiter, waiter! We arrived at the same time as them. Why did you serve their dishes first but not ours? We asked for the Maine Lobster Thermidor earlier, and you said we were too late to order it. 
“The head chef only makes three Maine Lobster Thermidors daily. People reserved those three a week ago, correct?” 
The waiter replied smilingly, “I didn’t lie to you, miss. Indeed, people have reserved those dishes a week ago. 
“Then how come they have it?” Brittany pointed at Bonnie’s table and yelled, “Don’t tell me they booked it a week ago! I refuse to believe it! We came to the hotel together just now, and only one private room remained. 
“She could have gone straight in if she reserved it. There’s no need to reserve a room at the front desk, right?” 
“Well, I—” The waiter looked embarrassed. 
Brittany felt dissatisfied as she looked around. Many had arrived before them, yet some tables did not have a single dish. Some only had a few cold appetizers. 
“Is this how you do things in such a prestigious hotel? Everyone arrived before Bonnie, so why did you serve them first? Did she bribe you or something? Since you refuse to answer, I must be right. I heard she often sells her body for benefits.” 
The other diners looked at Bonnie disdainfully when they heard Brittany’s complaints. 
“Damn it, Brittany! Why do you have such a foul mouth?! How dare you say something like that without proof! Apologize to Bonnie now, or I’ll call the cops on you!” Avril wanted to rip Brittany’s tongue off. 
“Go ahead and call the cops if you dare.” Brittany stood up. “I’m not scared of you or the cops. Bonnie is shameless!” 
Oracter 227 
Boonie glared at Brittany saying “Don’t think you can trample on others just because you’re from a wealthy family.” 
Brittany responded arrogantly, “I’ll crush you like an ant, and you can do nothing about it. You’re just a lowly country girl. I’m not afraid of you!” 
Dermot and Na looked at Bowie as if they were superior to her. 
Mearstile, Bonnie squinted and calmly said, “Your arrogance will be your family’s downfall.” 
“Hahaha! That’s hilarious! Like you can decide our fate. Come on, I’m waiting to see when karma gets me.” Brittany laughed hysterically. 
Then, Bonnie took her phone and made a call. “I no longer want to see the Dyngards in the city 
starting tomoTION.” 
“Oh my, she knows how to play make–believe! Is that the only way you can retaliate with your background and lack of status?” 
“You’re a foul–mouthed birch, Brittany!” Avril would have run over and beat Brittany if Bonnie did not hold her back “Don’t stop me, Bonnie! Let me beat her up! I’ve had enough of her crap!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 228
Chapter 228 
Bonnie held Avril and said, “Why would you get mad at someone so lowly and stoop to their level?” 
Avril’s mood considerably improved once she heard Bonnie’s words. “You’re right, Bonnie. Why should I even bother? I should just take the trash out.” 
Avril laughed more joyfully when she saw Brittany sneering. The latter felt humiliated and glared at the duo. Suddenly, she thought of something and quickly turned to the other diners waiting for their 
food. 
“Are you guys satisfied? You arrived earlier than them, yet their dishes arrived before yours!‘ Brittany’s instigations caused those awaiting their food to direct their anger toward Bonnie, especially after considering Brittany’s claims that Bonnie sold her body for benefits. 
“She’s so young and beautiful. She should have more self–respect.” 
“Yeah, why would she do such a thing for a meal? It’s despicable.” 
“I’m disgusted. Waiter, get your manager over here!” 
Brittany felt satisfied with everyone’s reaction while Nia and Dermot looked at their daughter proudly. They were eager to see if Bonnie could recover from her shame. 
Before the lobby manager could arrive, the head chef appeared. 
“Huh, isn’t that the head chef? Why’s he here?” 
“That’s weird. He’s carrying a dish, too. I’ve been here so many times and have never seen the head chef personally bring out a dish.” 
“You’re right. Jade Horizon Hotel is one of the top establishments in our city, and it has a formidable, multi–award–winning head chef. Why would he personally serve his dish? No head chef would do that. Isn’t that a waiter’s job?” 
Amidst the guests‘ puzzled gazes, the head chef placed a freshly made dish before Bonnie, saying, Ms. Bonnie, please try this new dish I developed. I’d like you to tell me if I’ve improved.” 
Avril and Daken were dumbfounded, especially the Dyngards. Meanwhile, those who had mocked Bonnie froze in awe. 
Bonnie raised her brows and told the head chef, “I don’t recall taking you on as an apprentice.” 
said my The head chef said sincerely, “Ms. Bonnie, I begged you to take me under your wing, but you skills were too poor. Since then, I’ve focused on nothing but studying culinary arts and developing new dishes. I hoped you’d one day change your mind and finally accept me as your apprentice.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 229
Chapter 229 
Everyone was stunned when the head chef showed profound respect toward Bonnie. The guests realized Bonnie’s culinary skills surpassed even his. 
Simultaneously, everyone understood why Bonnie’s table got served first and why she received a coveted dish like the Maine Lobster Thermidor. With that, the guests began glaring resentfully at 
Brittany. 
The guests would not have criticized Bonnie if Brittany had not insinuated that Bonnie had sold her bod for benefits. The guests had not only offended the head chef but also the establishment. 
One of the guests smiled warmly at Bonnie, saying, “Hey there, Ms. Bonnie? We got your table covered.” 
The others cursed that person under their breaths before joining in. 
“Let me take care of it.” 
“Don’t even think about competing with me. I’ve got it!” 
“You should all back off. I’ve already paid for Ms. Bonnie.‘ 
“Damn, you guys are fast!” 
Bonnie glanced at Avril and Daken, saying, “See, I didn’t lie to you, right? Someone always treats me to meals whenever I come here.” 
The father–daughter duo stared blankly at Bonnie. Meanwhile, Brittany and her parents were furious and pale with rage. They wished to tear Bonnie apart. 
Before Daken and his family could even start their meal, Daken received an utterly devastating phone 
call. 
“What did you say?!” Dermot trembled as he shot up from his chair. 
Brittany and Nia instantly lost their appetite, turning to look at Dermot as he continued, “How’s that possible? Why did our stocks hit the down limit?” 
His heart pounded with anxiety while his wife and daughter shook. 
Avril looked at Bonnie, who was calmly chewing her food. The former said, “Their family’s stocks have hit the down limit.” 
“Mhm.” Bonnie showed no emotion. 
Avril was confused as she turned to look at her father. He looked away from Bonnie and then gazed at his daughter. 
Dermot was on the verge of losing his mind. His eyes reddened as he exclaimed, “Why would Arbor Sky, Lumina Labs, Amplify Solutions, Wanderlust & Co., and EchoVox terminate their cooperation 
with us? Wh–what’s happening?” 
Brittany and Nia were on the brink of tears. After all, things would not end well for their family if this continued. 
Avril looked at Bonnie and said, “All those companies just terminated their cooperation with the Dyngards.” 
“Mhm, I heard that.” Bonnie remained unfazed. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 230
Chapter 230 
Avril gupled. She suspected Bonnie had something to do with the Dyngards‘ misfortune. While the former started freaking out, Bonnie remained casual. 
Dermot was still on the phone, questioning the caller, “How can this happen? Is this God’s way of destroying my family?” 
Nia grew anxious as she tugged at her husband’s sleeve. “Wh–what’s happening now, dear?” 
Dermot looked beat, saying, “Our construction workers unearthed some artifacts from over a millennium ago. Government officials have intervened and halted the workers.” 
Nia’s eyes widened in shock. “Doesn’t that mean we’ll suffer substantial losses?” 
“F***!” Dermot cursed. 
Even Bonnie was puzzled. She had just called Hamish and told him to kick the Dyngards out of the city. She did not know why the Dyngards‘ began hitting the down limit or why numerous collaborators began canceling deals with them. 
Moreover, unearthing ancient artifacts from construction sites was unheard of. Bonnie wondered how Hamish pulled that off. 
Meanwhile, Avril looked at her and stammered, “What’s this about ancient artifacts? B–Bonnie, don’t you think you’re going overboard?“. 
Avril was confident Bonnie was behind the two previous incidents. However, the former thought the last one was insane if it were also related to Bonnie. 
Bonnie’s lips twitched as she asked Avril, “Do you think I did that?” 
“Well, I-” Avril was at a loss. 
Bonnie palmed her forehead. “Do you think I have superpowers or something?” 
“Pfft! Hahaha!” Avril laughed, surprised by Bonnie’s ability to crack such jokes. 
Suddenly, Brittany remembered one of Bonnie’s earlier claims. The former’s eyes widened in shock as she whispered to her parents, “Do you remember what Bonnie said earlier?” 
Dermot and Nia recalled the conversation and immediately dismissed it. 
“Bonnie couldn’t have done all this. She’s a nobody!” 
“Your dad’s right, Brittany. Besides being a country girl, even her former family isn’t this capable. The Shepards are far below our family.” 
Brittany frowned. “Do you remember those luxury cars that came to pick up Bonnie during Trina and Hadwin’s engagement party?” 
“So you suspect Bonnie has an influential figure’s support?” Nia speculated. 
Dermot shook his head. “You two are overthinking it. Although Bonnie has a sugar daddy, he can’t go to such great lengths to destroy us. She can’t do all this without connections, money, and influence, “Remember that our family’s company is worth over a billion dollars. How much would it cost to ruin us? Besides, do you think Bonnie can bury artifacts under our construction site?” 
“You’re right, Dad. I must’ve overthought it. Bonnie can’t ruin our family” Brittany sneered at Bonnie and continued, “What should we do now, Dad? If this continues, our family will collapse” 
However, 
Dermot felt incredibly troubled. “I’ll contact Hadwin’s mother first and see if the tthodes can help us.” there was no answer when he called Demetria. “She’s probably out playing poker again,” Dermot had no choice but to call Hadwin. The latter answered the call, saying, “Mr. Dermot, I heard what’s happening. Who did you guys cross?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 231
Chapter 231 
“We haven’t crossed anyone!” 
Hadwin analyzed the situation, “If it were just one thing, then we can consider it a coincidence. However, several things have happened simultaneously. Consider things carefully. Have you not offended anyone recently, Uncle Dermot? 
“Come to think of it, your collaboration with Tang Fusion Studios was a done deal, but they suddenly 
to the cancellation of the 
notified us that you offended someone you shouldn’t have. That led 2, 
collaboration.” 
Dermot’s heart dropped when he heard that. He remembered his daughter arguing with Bonnie when Tang Fusion Studios canceled their collaboration with his family. Back then, he dismissed the idea that Bonnie had anything to do with it. 
With so much happening just now, he could not imagine Bonnie being the culprit. After combining these two incidents, Dermot agreed it was not all just a coincidence. He finally began to consider if Bonnie was behind all this. 
Dermot whipped around to glare at Bonnie, eager to see if things were as he suspected. Meanwhile, Bonnie looked back at Dermot with a lukewarm smile. The latter grew increasingly anxious when he saw Bonnie’s casual demeanor. 
A moment later, he muttered a name, “Bonnie.” 
“What was that, Uncle Dermot?” Hadwin froze upon hearing the name. “Did you just say Bonnie’s name? Do you think she has something to do with this?” 
“I–I don’t know. I-” Dermot stopped when his wife received a call from Tang Fusion Studios. 
“Sorry to bother you, Ms. Nia, but I couldn’t reach your husband.” 
Nia did not understand why Tang Fusion Studios would call so suddenly. She asked, “Is there something I can help you with?” 
“You’ve been causing trouble for Tang Fusion Studios repeatedly. Mr. Hamish stated that the Dyngards and Tang Fusion Studios cannot coincide in the same city.” 
Since Nia’s phone was on speaker, Dermot, including Hadwin, who was on the line with him, heard everything. Hadwin’s heart pounded as he asked in astonishment, “Is it all Bonnie’s doing? Why would Mr. Hamish do so much for an intern like her?” 
“Bonnie’s an intern at Tang Fusion Studios?!“– 
“Yeah, Trina and I went there to bid for a project a while back. It was for the same project they terminated with you, Uncle Dermot. We encountered Bonnie there, and she was the reason they chose to cooperate with the Swifts. 
“She was also why Mr. Hamish told the security to throw me and Trina out,” Hadwin said through 
gritted teeth. 
Dermot’s head buzzed as he gazed at Bonnie. Meanwhile, Hadwin added, “You mentioned Bonnie just now. Is she with you now? What happened between you two?” 
Dermot felt bitter. After everything he and his daughter said, he might as well be dead if he believed Bonnie had nothing to do with his family’s downfall. He told Hadwin, “I’ll explain things later. I need to get through this crisis first.” 
After hanging up the call, he gritted his teeth and approached Bonnie. “There’s no deep–seated grudge between you and my family. Why go to such lengths to kick us out of the city?” 
Avril and Daken had exchanged countless glances at this point. They could see the overwhelming shock in each other’s eyes. Indeed, they realized Bonnie had something to do with those earlier incidents. 
Still, the duo did not know how she managed it and who she was. It was as if the more they knew, the more mysterious Bonnie became. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 232
Chapter 232 
stole 
Bonnie calmly looked at Dermot, saying, “It’s amusing that you said that, Mr. Dermot. Would your daughter have criticized me if I wasn’t this capable? Do you think it would’ve been okay if you that private room from us if I were this capable? 
“What about the rest of you, who mocked me as a country bumpkin? You all looked at me with disdain. Brittany instigated you all into ganging up on me. I’ve shown enough mercy by allowing the rest of you to remain in this city. 
“I simply can’t bother to deal with you all. Otherwise, I can send all your families to jail for slandering me.” 
Dermot reddened with anger while Nia sneered at Bonnie. Meanwhile, their daughter, being so young, could not contain her temper. She scolded, “Don’t push it, Bonnie. My dad already apologized to you, yet you insist on being aggressive. Why are you so malicious?” 
Bonnie’s patience grew thin for the trio as she said, “So, it’s okay for you to come at me, but I’m malicious for retaliating? When did your family get the right to dictate the rules?” 
Brittany was about to retort, but her mother stopped her in time. Although Nia halted Brittany’s actions, the former’s gaze toward Bonnie remained disdainful. Even Dermot stood with forced tolerance, ready to avenge his family’s dignity when the opportunity arose. 
Bonnie knew arguing with such despicable people was less effective than resorting to fists. She said, ” 
I advise you to leave the city voluntarily, or I’ll bring this case to court tomorrow.” 
“You despicable little b***! I’ll rip you to shreds!” Brittany tried to break free from her mother’s 
grasp. 
However, Nia and Dermot pulled her back together, saying, “Brittany! Don’t be impulsive!” 
“Let’s leave.” 
Avril felt satisfied as she watched the trio leave in a pathetic state. She watched until they disappeared wholly before turning to look at Bonnie. “Now you can admit you were behind those things, right, 
Bonnie?” 
Bonnie nodded and said, “Yeah, I’ll admit it. I notified Hamish about them. As for the sudden discovery of the artifacts, that wasn’t my doing. I texted Hamish just now, and he was just as surprised as I was.” 
Avril was stunned and then burst into laughter. “Wow, it sounds like a natural disaster! I bet even God couldn’t stand Brittany and her family and had to intervene.” 
Bonnie found the coincidence amusing. 
“By the way, Bonnie, my mom is returning from her business trip soon. She’s been wanting to meet you. Would you like to visit my house sometime? My mom wants to cook for you.” 
Bonnie felt she could not refuse Avril’s generous invitation and could only agree. 
Meanwhile, the Dyngards sat in their home, looking miserable. Brittany whined, “Dad, I don’t want to leave the city!” 
“I don’t want to, either, but Mr. Hamish is on Bonnie’s side. We’ll go bankrupt if we resist!” Dermot scolded. 
Nia added, “No one would’ve expected Mr. Hamish to be Bonnie’s backer.” 
At that point, the Dyngards would be idiots if they could not figure out who Bonnie’s benefactor was. Brittany gritted her teeth in hatred. Suddenly, she had a bright idea. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 233
Chapter 233 
“Mom, Dad, I heard Bonnie has a secret lover. Still, I don’t know whether or not it’s true. We can hire someone to follow her. If the rumor turns out to be true, we can catch them in the act and then inform Mr. Hamish. 
“We can show him Bonnie’s true colors. She won’t be so arrogant then. Mr. Hamish won’t continue oppressing us once he sees that.” 
Dermot and Nia lit up. One of them asked, “Is the source trustworthy?” 
“A friend of mine told me about it. Bonnie’s classmate is spreading the word. There must be some truth to it, right? That’s why I suggested tracking Bonnie and contacting some of her classmates. We’ll find out the truth sooner or later.” 
“At this point, it seems like the only thing we can do.” 
Since Ivor’s birthday was on the fourteenth of August, Bonnie took a leave of absence from all her work to accompany him to the mall. Ivor brought her to a women’s clothing store, picked up a dress, and held it against her, saying, “This one suits you. 
He then placed a pair of shoes near Bonnie’s feet and said. “These shoes will go perfectly with that dress. We’ll pick a suitable bag and some jewelry to complete the look later.‘ 
)) 
He pictured how Bonnie would look after dressing up. Looking at Ivor bustling around, she said, Today’s your birthday, not mine. I’m supposed to buy you gifts. Why are you buying me things instead?” 
(( 
Ivor smiled. “What’s the difference? Whether it’s your birthday or mine, I want to be with you and make you the happiest person in the world.” 
His words touched Bonnie, but she suppressed her emotions, saying, “I didn’t expect you to be such a 
smooth talker.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong. That wasn’t smooth talk. It was just the truth.” Ivor looked at Bonnie indulgently. 
“Whatever.” Bonnie could not bear his gaze, so she avoided it and went to the other side of the store. 
Ivor smirked and then picked out a few more clothes to compare them to Bonnie. 
“All right, let’s go.” Bonnie pulled his hand away. “I’ll take you to the men’s clothing store across the street. Since it’s your birthday, you can pick whatever you want.” 
Ivor felt good when Bonnie held his hand. “You can help me pick a gift. I’ll pay for it.” 
Bonnie glanced at him disdainfully. “So, you think I can’t afford to buy you a gift?” 
Ivor knew he had hurt her pride and quickly explained, “Th–that’s not what I meant. It’s just that 
things in this mall are expensive, and you’re still a student. I feel bad experting you to pay for me.” 
After leading Ivor to the men’s clothing store, Bonnie released his hand and said, “Don’t worry about the price, and pick whatever you want. I can afford it.” 
Finally, Ivor remembered something. He said, “I forgot about the time you tricked Xavier into giving you so much money.” 
Bonnie resisted the urge to roll her eyes again. “What do you mean trick? I told you I outsmarted 
him. 
“Oh, right. You outsmarted Xavier. Sorry.” Ivor laughed and then looked at the clothes in the store. You can help me choose now. 
Bonnie started carefully picking the clothes. She wanted to choose them based on Ivor’s 
temperament, but she realized handsome men looked good in anything. 
Ivor tried on several sets of clothes she picked, and each one was stunning. Bonnie could not help but mutter, “You’re a male version of a femme fatale.” 
“Hmm? What was that?” Ivor suddenly leaned closer to Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 234
Chapter 234 
Bonnie’s heart pounded as she tried to conceal her nervousness. She quickly grabbed a random piece of clothing and pushed it to Ivor, saying, “This one will look great on you! Quick, try it on!” 
Ivor beamed, saying, “If you think it’s good, then it must be amazing. Wait, I’ll try it on for you.” Bonnie patted her chest as she watched him enter the fitting room. “This guy’s trying to s*** me,” Suddenly, a familiar voice sounded, “Who’s s*** you?” 
Bonnie froze before turning, only to see Avril’s curious and nosy expression. “Come on, Who’s trying to s*** you? Also, who just entered the fitting room?” 
When she came just now, she only saw Ivor’s back. 
tell me. 
“He’s, uh…” Bonnie frowned. Before she could properly introduce Ivor, Avril exclaimed, “I got it! I know who he is! It’s the owner of the Maybach, right?!” 
Bonnie was about to nod when Ivor opened the door and walked out, looking elegant and charming. 
“Oh my God! He’s so handsome!” Avril covered her mouth, her jaw almost dropping in shock. 
Bonnie did not think Avril’s expression was exaggerated. After all, Ivor’s stunning looks were undeniable. 
“Bonnie, you’re so lucky! You have such a handsome boyfriend!” 
Bonnie smiled and walked up to Ivor. “This outfit looks good, too, plus the dozen or so sets we bought 
earlier.” 
“How generous of you.” Ivor gave Bonnie a thumbs–up. “You’re splurging. 
13 
“It’s nothing.” Bonnie took out her card and approached the cashier, which puzzled Avril. She quickly caught up with Bonnie and asked hushedly, “Why are you paying?” 
Avril was in disbelief, thinking Ivor was a gold digger for letting Bonnie pay. It was not that women should not pay, but the mall was well–known for its luxurious pricing. Every piece of clothing was 
costly. 
“Today’s his birthday,” Bonnie explained. 
“Oh, no wonder. Still, there are over a dozen outfits to pay for. That must cost quite a bit of money. Do you have enough? If not, I can lend you some.” 
It was Bonnie’s first time encountering someone who offered to lend her money. She thought it was pretty novel. From that, she could tell Avril was a genuinely considerate friend. 
“Hello there, I’m ready to pay.” Bonnie placed the dozen or so outfits on the counter as she spoke. After scanning the items, the cashier said, “Your total is 6,359.99.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 235
Chapter 235 
“Whoa!” Avril gasped. 
‘That’s a scary amount! It’s almost as high as my family’s monthly profit.” 
She was shocked at the amount of money Bonnie had. 
Beep! 
The sound of the card swipe signaled success. Avril stared at the card Bonnie had just used in disbelief, stammering, “B–Bonnie, where did you get so much money from?” 
“I earned it, of course.” 
“You earned it? What do you do for a living?” 
“Well, um, it’s hard to explain. I’ll tell you when I get the chance.” 
44 
“Okay, I won’t pry, Still…” Avril looked at Ivor, waiting at the entrance. She frowned and added, Bonnie, as a friend, I can’t help but say this guy’s handsome. Still, you can’t always be the one paying. You may end up suffering in the future.” 
Bonnie was about to say Ivor had always been spending money on her. Instead, she said, “I’m living at his place now. I eat, drink, and use all the utilities without paying.” 
“Wait, you’re living with him? Are you two housemates or something? Bonnie, although that’s normal these days, you mustn’t let him deceive you. When he uses all your money and uses your feelings against you, you’ll be heartbroken and desperate.” 
Avril was genuinely concerned about Bonnie’s living situation. 
The latter feared Avril would jump to conclusions and explained, “His grandfather has known me for a long time. I moved into their house because of our relationship.” 
“Jeez, you scared me half to death. I thought he was taking advantage of you.” Avril sighed in relief and patted her chest. 
Bonnie chuckled at Avril’s analogy. The former wondered how Avril would react if she realized she had accused the CEO of Knight Group of taking advantage of Bonnie. 
Suddenly, Bonnie stopped and abruptly turned around to look somewhere. Avril asked in puzzlement, “What’s wrong? What are you looking at?” 
Bonnie squinted. “Someone was taking pictures just now.” 
“Who would be taking pictures?” Avril was stunned before running toward the direction Bonnie was looking. After turning the corner and looking around, she did not see anyone there. 
“No one’s here. Are you sure you weren’t seeing things? Besides, we’re not celebrities. Why would anyone want to take pictures of us?” 
Chapter 235 
212 
Meanwhile, Bonnie stroked her chin, lost in thought. 
Although Avril might not be a public figure, Bonnie’s identity as Ms. Bonita was even more attention- grabbing than that of a celebrity. Very few people knew about her identity, and everyone who did was highly reliable at keeping it a secret. 
Bonnie wondered who was taking her pictures and even thought Avril was the target. Nonetheless, the former could not discern the purpose behind it. 
Avril said, “All right, let’s not worry about that. It’s not every day I get to see your boyfriend. Let’s find a restaurant to eat at. My treat.” 
Ivor had an excellent impression of Avril when he heard the term boyfriend. He said, “How can I let a lady treat me to dinner? Since I’m Bonnie’s boyfriend, I should treat you two to a meal instead.” 
Bonnie raised a brow at him. “You’re my what now?” 
“You will be soon enough.” Ivor smiled. 
‘So, this guy isn’t Bonnie’s boyfriend yet. Still, I feel their relationship is moving fast, considering Bonnie didn’t to him being her boyfriend and how they interact.‘ 
“You don’t need to feel embarrassed. Bonnie told me it’s your birthday today. I can’t let you treat us 
to a meal. Besides, we’re meeting for the first time, and I didn’t prepare any gifts. I can’t face you if you don’t let me treat you.” 
Since Avril said so, Ivor did not argue. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 236
Chapter 236 
Afterward, the trio found a nearby restaurant and ordered food. Meanwhile, Hamish received photos of intimate moments between Bonnie and Ivor. 
“Who’s spying on Ms. Bonnie?” Hamish muttered, and the phone rang 
“Mr. Hamish, these photos were taken by someone I sent. They’re unedited. If you don’t believe it, you can have technicians verify them. I suggest you don’t waste time. Bonnie and that guy are at the Agate Hotel. If you come over now, you can catch them red–handed.” 
Hamish frowned. “Who are you?” 
“I’m Dermot from the Dyngard family.” 
Now, Hamish understood what was going on. 
Hamish continued calmly, “What’s your purpose in doing this?” 
“Mr. Hamish, I know you and Bonnie have a close relationship. I was shocked when I saw her with another man. She’s even using your money on him. I couldn’t stand it, so I took these photos and sent them to you. I hope you won’t let Bonnie deceive you anymore” 
The whole Dyngard family was relying on Hamish to put Bonnie down. 
After tapping the table several times, Hamish asked, “Where are you all now? In Pyralis?” 
Dermot suddenly became nervous, sweat dripping from his forehead. He was scared and dared 
not to answer. “I… I…” 
“Don’t try to lie to me,” Hamish said coldly. 
Dermot wiped the sweat from his forehead, trembling. “Mr. Hamish, we didn’t deliberately disobey your orders to leave. It’s just some things delayed us.” 
Hamish narrowed his eyes, “Oh? Did you get delayed for so long? All right, you said Bonnie is now at the Agate Hotel?” 
“Yes, Mr. Hamish.” 
“Do you want me to go over?” 
This question puzzled Dermot. He thought, ‘Bonnie is your woman. Your woman has already cuckolded you, 
and she even used your money to keep another man. Aren’t you concerned at all? Aren’t you anxious? Aren’t you angry?” 
“All right then. You should come with me as well.” Hamish stood up, put on his coat, and headed out. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 237
Chapter 237 
“Okay, Dad, I got it. Don’t worry, I won’t cause you any trouble,” Brittany assured. 
“Let’s not waste any more time. Hurry up.” 
Bonnie was still unaware of the situation between the Dyngard family and Hamish. With all the dishes on the table served, the three of them began eating. 
Avril picked up a dish for Bonnie. “Try this. It’s their specialty. See how it tastes?” 
“Okay.” Bonnie took a few bites, generously praising, “The chef’s skill is pretty good.” 
“Right? So, for my mom’s fiftieth birthday, my dad specially invited the head chef from this place.” 
Bonnie put down her utensils. “Your mom is turning fifty? Why haven’t you mentioned it before? Are we not friends?” 
Avril hurriedly explained, “No, of course not. I didn’t mention it before because my mom didn’t want to celebrate her birthday. My dad only persuaded her several days ago, and they just decided on it.” 
Afterward, she added, “Bonnie, you must come.” 
“Okay, I’ll be there.” 
Just then, there was a knock on the door. 
“Is that the waiter? That’s strange. They’ve already served all our dishes. Why are they still knocking?” Avril muttered in confusion as she went to open the door. 
After opening the door, Avril was instantly stunned. 
It was Dermot, Brittany, and Hamish outside the door. 
Bonnie was also surprised, looking at Hamish, who silently signaled to her, indicating there would be a show soon. 
Seeing Bonnie and Ivor sitting together, Brittany couldn’t hold back and shouted, “Mr. Hamish, look! We didn’t lie to you. Bonnie is a fickle woman, cheating on you with other men, keeping a lover behind your back! She’s a disgraceful woman!” 
With a sharp smack, Hamish mercilessly slapped Brittany’s face. 
Chapter 237 
Brittany’s face swelled visibly in an instant. 
This slap left Brittany bewildered while Dermot stood in place like a stump, not moving. 
At this moment, Dermot had sensed a hint of something unusual. 
“Hmph! Brittany, your mouth stinks! You’re not bad–looking, but every word she says is offensive. Dermot, is this the daughter you raised?” 
Dermot gulped. “Mr. Hamish, wh–why did you do this? You’ve already seen it for yourself. Bonnie is meeting other men. My daughter just spoke the truth. Wh–why would you hit her?” 
“Dermot, are you blind? They are a perfect match. What’s wrong with them dating?” Hamish’s words once again stunned Dermot and his daughter. They didn’t know what 
was going on. 
Hamish smiled at Ivor. “Mr. Ivor, sorry to disturb your meal. These people are relentless, always picking on Bonnie. To completely eradicate the problem, I had no choice but to come here with them.” 
“Mr. Ivor? Which Mr. Ivor is this?!” Brittany exclaimed sharply. 
Hamish looked coldly at Brittany. “How many Mr. Ivors are there in Pyralis, and how many people would I treat so politely?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 238
Chapter 238 
Dermot and his daughter trembled, their incredulous gaze shifting back and forth 
between Bonnie and Ivor. 
Avril gulped and couldn’t help but ask, “B–Bonnie, is he the CEO of Knight Group?” 
In this situation, Bonnie had to reveal the truth. 
“Yes, he is.” 
Avril gasped. She finally understood. The person who drove the limited edition Maybach the night Trina and Hadwin got engaged was Ivor, the CEO of Knight Group. 
While Brittany and Dermot were shocked, they felt fearful. They were trembling and sweating profusely, their clothes gradually soaked with sweat. 
After a while, the two gradually recovered from their shock and fear. When they looked at Bonnie again, they didn’t dare to look down on her anymore. 
Hamish looked at the trembling duo and shook his head. 
After tonight, there would be no more Dyngard family in Pyralis. 
Hadwin called Dermot several times, but no one answered. 
“Mom, do you think something happened to Uncle Dermot?” 
“It shouldn’t, right? Didn’t your uncle say he wanted to find a way to deal with Bonnie?” Demetria said so, but she still had some hidden worries in her heart. 
Hadwin fell silent for a few seconds, his face becoming increasingly gloomy. 
“What’s the relationship between Bonnie and Hamish? Could it be true what Uncle Dermot analyzed, that Bonnie hooked up with Hamish?” 
Every time he thought about this, Hadwin felt deeply resentful. 
If this matter were to spread, people outside would think it wasn’t him who dumped Bonnie but that Bonnie moved on to a bigger giant. 
“This is impossible!” Demetria vetoed firmly. “That incompetent girl Bonnie, without any manners, is not even worthy to enter our Rhodes family’s door. Hamish is the CEO of Tang Fusion Studios. How could his family possibly look at Bonnie? As for why Hamish is targeting your uncle’s company, it has nothing to do with Bonnie. It’s probably because 
Chapter 238 
your uncle offended Hamish somewhere else.” 
Hearing Demetria’s words, Hadwin nodded in agreement. 
2/2 
“Mom, you’re right, but why haven’t we been able to contact Uncle Dermot until now? We don’t know what’s going on?” 
“Who knows? Your uncle said he wanted to catch Bonnie cheating. I told him on the phone that Bonnie couldn’t possibly be Hamish’s girlfriend. If she were, wouldn’t Bonnie be flaunting it everywhere? 
“But your uncle insisted on thinking that way. Now we can’t reach him. Who knows what the situation is? Hamish probably didn’t even go, and your uncle also realized he was wrong, so he’s thinking of other ways to turn the situation around. You should send someone over now to check.” 
“Okay, Mom, I’ll send someone over now.” 
Time was flying by, and school was starting in a week. 
It was late at night, close to 11 o’clock. Ivor didn’t come back today because of company 
matters. 
Jim quietly arrived under Bonnie’s room window, looked around, and swiftly climbed up the wall after confirming that no one was around. 
His movements were very clean and neat, leaving no trace. 
Just as Jim climbed up, Floyd emerged from behind a nearby tree. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 239
Chapter 239 
1/2 
Today, he was supposed to handle company matters with Ivor, but as they were about to leave, he suddenly had stomach trouble and temporarily stayed at the villa. 
Hed 
He didn’t expect to witness such a scene. 
He wanted to see if Tim was climbing Bonnie’s window in the middle of the night, intending to do something i*** to her. 
“Darn it, Tim! I treated him like a brother, and he wants to cuckold my boss?! Let’s see how I catch you today.” 
Floyd also quietly climbed up to the second–floor window and saw Bonnie and Tim standing face to face. It seemed they knew each other. It wasn’t as he thought. Tim had no intention of doing something improper to Bonnie. 
‘What are they talking about?‘ Floyd couldn’t hear them through the window. 
Jim reported on the work he had handled earlier. “Flynn wasn’t sent abroad in the end. Sydney intercepted him in the city and even opened a bar to cover up. Do you want me to send him abroad and keep an eye on him?” 
After two seconds of silence, Bonnie replied, “Forget it. Even if Flynn is worthless, he’s still Mr. Sigmund’s grandson. Out of respect for him, we’ll let Flynn go for now. If he does anything bad again in the future, he’ll be dealt with immediately.” 
+ 
“All right, I’ll keep an eye on it. Oh, there’s also the Dyngards. Hamish not only drove them away from Pyralis, but he also expelled them from the country,” Jim continued the 
report. 
“They brought it upon themselves,” Bonnie said coldly. 
Floyd, who was lying on the window, felt anxious. ‘What are they talking about? It seems they’re close! What’s their relationship? Should he report this to the boss now, or should I wait a little longer?” 
Currently, nothing happened between Bonnie and Tim. Even if he reported it to the boss, 
it wouldn’t cause much of a stir. 
‘So it’s better not to alert the enemy and continue to wait here. Maybe I can catch them red–handed.” 
Jim rubbed his stomach. “I’ve digested all the food from tonight. Now, it’s perfect for a 
Chapter 239 
2/2 
late–night snack. Since Ivor isn’t here, let’s go for a late–night snack together, shall we? My treat.” 
“All right, I won’t refuse your offer.” Soon, the duo left the villa together. 
Floyd followed stealthily, muttering, “What are these two doing out so late at night? Was my previous guess correct? Does Tim have ill intentions and wants to take advantage of Bonnie?” 
Floyd became angry again. 
‘Tim’s just a snake in the grass!‘ 
Bonnie looked at Jim and stopped. “You should change back out of your disguise. If Ivor’s people see you like this, they’ll suspect your identity.” 
Jim touched his face. “You’re right. It won’t be convenient for me to stay with the Knights and guard you if they find me out.” 
“Just wait for me. I’ll be right out.” With that, Jim turned into a nearby public restroom. 
Floyd scratched the back of his head. “Tim’s identity? What identity? Isn’t he just a bodyguard?” 
Floyd stared at the restroom. Just as he was about to rub his eyes, he saw a familiar person walking out of the restroom. 
Jim greeted Bonnie. “Okay, now Ivor’s people won’t find out.” 
Bonnie nodded. “Hmm, let’s go for supper.” 
Whoosh! 
A sound came from nearby. Bonnie and Jim immediately looked toward the sound, only to see Floyd emerging from behind the bushes. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 240
Chapter 240 
He had followed them. 
Floyd’s eyes widened as he pointed at Jim. “Y–You’re Tim?!” 
The bodyguard the Knight family brought in turned out to be the King of Combat, Jim 
Ray. 
It was as if it was some type of joke. Floyd would never believe it if he hadn’t seen it for himself. Simultaneously, he thought of the scenes he had shared with his idol these days, feeling strangely awkward. 
Jim turned to Bonnie. “He spotted us. Should I silence him?” 
Floyd stepped back in fear. 
Bonnie laughed. “It’s a joke. Look how scared you’ve got him.” 
Upon hearing this, Floyd breathed a sigh of relief and walked up to Bonnie and Jim. 
“I don’t understand. Why would you pretend to be a small bodyguard at the Knight family?” 
“Of course, it’s to protect Bonnie,” Jim replied truthfully. 
Floyd’s mouth opened and closed several times before he found his voice.. 
“No, Mr. Jim, aren’t you Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard? Y–You said you’re protecting Ms. 
Bonnie?” 
“Yeah.” Jim nodded. “I’ve told you before, Bonnie saved my life. I’m here to repay the 
favor.” 
“But you’re Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard!” 
“I’ve discussed this with Ms. Bonita and gained her consent to come here to protect 
Bonnie for two months. After two months, I’ll leave and return to Ms. Bonita’s side,” Jim lied without batting an eye. 
Jim was Floyd’s idol. On top of Jim’s superb acting skills, Floyd believed him. 
“By the way, don’t tell anyone about this for now,” Jim said solemnly to Floyd. 
Floyd frowned. “Including the boss?” 
Chapter 240 
2/2 
“Yes, including him.” 
“But-” Floyd was hesitant. “He’s my boss! If he finds out one day, I won’t be able to explain myself.” 
“You don’t need to worry about that. There’s still a week left. When Bonnie moves out, I’ll leave the Knight family, too. Your boss will never find out.” 
Although Jim said so, Floyd still had some concerns. 
“This…” 
“Why are you so scared? It’s just one last week, right? I’ve already said your boss won’t find out. If you keep dawdling, I’ll silence you.” 
As Jim spoke, he approached Floyd with a raised fist. 
Floyd retreated in fear. Although he and Jim were an even match before, that was because Jim held back. Now, if Jim used his full strength, he would have no choice but to 
surrender. 
“All right, I’ll say it.” Bonnie stopped Jim and then walked up to Floyd. “I don’t want Ivor to know because he’s suspicious and jealous. Jim and I are good friends. Our relationship 
is as pure as it gets. 
“If he knew Jim had been with me all this time, based on your understanding of him, do you think he wouldn’t cause trouble?” 
Floyd had been with Ivor for many years and knew his temper well. 
“Ms. Bonnie, I can help keep this secret for you, but there’s one question I need you to answer truthfully.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 241
Chapter 241 
“Will your relationship not progress in the future?” Floyd was nervous, but not for himself. Instead, it was for his boss. After all, Jim was the King of Combat and one of the top ten bachelors in Pyralis. 
Jim put his arm around Floyd’s shoulders, whispering, “Honestly, I think Bonnie and your boss are quite compatible. I genuinely support it.” 
With Jim’s reassurance, Floyd felt relieved. 
“What are you guys talking about? Why are you being so secretive?” Bonnie stared at Floyd and Jim with a puzzled look. 
Jim smirked. “This is a conversation between men. It’s not suitable for you to hear.” 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow and clenched her fist. “What, are you still perpetuating gender stereotypes? Is it because I haven’t practiced for a long time, so you think I can’t wield a knife anymore?” 
“No, no, I’m just kidding,” Jim said awkwardly, patting his stomach. “I’m starving. Let’s grab supper. Floyd, care to join?” 
“It’s my honor.” 
Bonnie chuckled and shook her head at Jim’s swiftly retreating figure before following 
him. 
Two days later, Bonnie received a message from Avril. 
“My mom’s birthday is coming up soon. Everyone in the family is coming to celebrate. You must come!” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll be there.” 
After replying to the message, Bonnie changed her clothes and hurried to the auction. 
venue. 
Today was the annual auction in Pyralis, and she planned to bid on something nice to give as a gift to Avril’s mother. 
Heath was waiting at the entrance early. When he saw Bonnie, he hurried over. 
“Shepard, you finally made it! I’ve been waiting forever.” 
Chapter 241 
212 
Mrs. Bonnie checked the time on her phone. “Isn’t it only seven? I said I’d be here at seven, and I’m not late.” 
“Right, right, you’re not late. I came early. But let’s not talk about that. Shepherd, are you sure about auctioning off a visit to the divine doctor?” 
“Yeah.” Bonnie nodded. 
Heath scrutinized Bonnie. “I heard that a divine doctor cured the boss’s mother of the SR Alliance. He’s even gone to the Knight family to treat the family head’s grandmother. I’m curious. Why would that divine doctor auction his treatment through you?” 
Bonnie smirked mysteriously. “Aren’t you always boasting about how smart you are? Do you want to guess?” 
Heath rubbed his chin. “You must’ve met that divine doctor at the Knight family, but I’m still puzzled. Even if you know that divine doctor, you wouldn’t be familiar to this extent, right? Shepard, you’re not pulling my leg, are you? It’s an auction my family organized. Don’t trick me. What if the divine doctor doesn’t show up?” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at Heath. “You’re acting as if I’ve tricked you before.” 
“Hehehe, I’m just double–checking and making sure.” Heath chuckled awkwardly. 
“All right, go about your business. I need to take my seat and prepare for the auction.” Bonnie glanced at the time and headed toward the venue. 
“Shepherd, this is your seat.” Heath handed her the number plate. “I’ll go attend to other matters. I won’t keep you any longer.” 
As Bonnie took her seat, she couldn’t help but feel excited about what the auction might 
Leino 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 242
Chapter 242 
1/2 
“Hmm.” Bonnie entered the venue with her number plate and found her seat. 
She knew many familiar faces would be there today, but she did not expect to find Trina’s and Hadwin’s family sitting beside her. Bonnie would have suspected foul play if she did r not know that Heath had randomly assigned the seats. 
“Bonnie? How did you end up here? How did you manage to attend the annual large- scale auction?” Vera asked Bonnie with a hint of annoyance. 
Gresham pulled Vera gently. “We have nothing to do with each other anymore. There’s no need to ask.” 
Vera frowned at first but then relaxed. Her husband was right. Their family had no ties to Bonnie anymore. There was no need to get upset over her. 
Demetria shifted his gaze away from Bonnie and looked at Hadwin, whispering, “Did Bonnie sneak in behind us? If that’s the case, she’s still not giving up on you. She hopes to please us through this opportunity and gain entry into our family.” 
Hadwin hesitated. He used to think Bonnie liked him, but after experiencing one thing after another, he felt she had no feelings for him. 
“Son, why don’t you take this opportunity to inquire about your uncle’s whereabouts? Although I don’t think it’s directly related to Bonnie, they had conflicts with Bonnie before his family disappeared,” Hadwin’s mother suggested. 
“Okay, Mom.” 
Hadwin had the same plan in mind. He got up and approached Bonnie. 
“Let me ask you, do you know where Uncle Dermot and his family are?” 
Bonnie raised her eyebrows lightly. “I drove them out of the country.” 
“Hah!” Hadwin scoffed. “You dare to say 
that?” 
“Why do I have to lie about what I did?” Bonnie retorted. 
Demetria couldn’t bear it anymore. “Do you have such power? Can you drive my cousin’s family out of the country? If you’re so capable, your family wouldn’t have kicked you out of the Shepard family.” 
Vera frowned. “Whatever it is, could you please not mention us when discussing Bonnie? 
Chapter 242 
“I’m sorry. I understand where you’re coming from. After all, you gave birth to such a despicable beast.” 
Before Demetria finished speaking, Avril walked over angrily. 
“I’m telling you, Mrs. Demetria, stop being so rude. Calling others beasts? The one who insults others like this is worse than scum.” 
“You little brat, are you asking for a beating?” Demetria roared, baring her teeth. 
“I think she is right. People who insult others are worse than animals. They are immoral and lack education. They are the scum of society.” 
“Who do you think you are to say that?!” Demetria turned around fiercely. However, when she saw Kay approaching, she quickly suppressed her anger. 
Kay’s grandfather was Orson Steel, a renowned painter. As Kay was the most beloved granddaughter of Orson, she was someone that Avril, a small wealthy family’s daughter, couldn’t compare to. She was also someone the Rhodes family couldn’t afford to provoke. “It was me who said that. What? Do you want to hit me? Come on, if you dare, go ahead! My grandpa is over there. If you dare to lay a hand on me, I’ll go tell my grandpa immediately.” Kay stood with her hands on her hips defiantly. 
Demetria didn’t dare to provoke Kay and could only swallow her anger. 
“Coward!” Kay rolled her eyes and then sat beside Bonnie, handing a milkshake she bought to Bonnie to please her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 243
Chapter 243 
“Ms. Bonnie, this is your favorite milkshake. I bought it for you,” Kay said, handing the milkshake to Bonnie. 
Bonnie reached out and patted Kay’s head. “Thank you.” 
Kay giggled, trying to act cute. 
Vera furrowed her brows tightly. “Ms. Kay, although I am now an outsider, out of respect for Mr. Orson, I want to remind you. Bonnie isn’t a professional kickboxer. Don’t let her deceive you. 
Kay turned to glare at Vera. “You said she’s not a professional? Have you seen her practice kickboxing? Let me ask you, have you ever seen it?” 
Vera choked on her words. “I haven’t, but she grew up in the countryside and never had the opportunity to learn from a good kickboxing school. How could she be skilled?” 
“Oh- 
Kay drawled, “So you haven’t seen it.” 
“I” Vera choked again. 
“How can you make assumptions if you haven’t seen her? Does growing up in the countryside stop her from being good? So are you saying Trina, who is not your biological daughter, is talented because you raised her?” Kay continued. 
Vera was rendered speechless. Each word from Kay seemed to hit Vera where it hurt. 
Avril applauded. “Well said!” 
Vera didn’t dare to argue with Kay. While she acted arrogantly toward Kay, she was aggressive regarding Avril, glaring at her fiercely. 
“Ms. Avril, don’t think you’ll soar to great heights just because you’re collaborating with Tang Fusion Studios. It’s just temporary. Once the collaboration is over, your family will return to its original state. I advise you to avoid Bonnie, or you’ll regret it next time.” 
Avril glanced at Bonnie quietly. As long as Bonnie was around, she believed the Smiths. wouldn’t return to their previous state. 
“Mrs. Vera, the one who will regret it is you, not me. If you don’t believe it, just wait and see.” 
Bonnie was on good terms with Hamish and was dating Ivor. Once the Shepard family 
Chapter 243 
knew about this background, they would regret it deeply. 
“Hmph! Advising the ungrateful is a waste of breath!” Vera gritted her teeth. 
Just as Vera spoke, a familiar face suddenly appeared before them. It was Jim. Vera 
became excited and looked at Gresham. 
“Honey, it’s Mr. Jim himself! I haven’t seen him since the release conference of new nanomaterials Ms. Bonita held. I didn’t expect to meet him on this kind of occasion.” 
2/2 
“It’s not surprising at all. Today is the annual auction in Pyralis. It’s reasonable for Mr. Jim to join in the fun,” Gresham said, his gaze following Jim’s steps. 
Jim was walking in their direction. 
Seeing this, Gresham immediately came up with a plan and went to greet Jim. 
“Mr. Jim, hello, I am the general manager of Shepard Group, my name is-” 
Before Gresham could finish his words, Jim had already ignored him and passed by. It was so embarrassing. 
Gresham caught sight of many people around them sneering, even gossiping. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 244
Chapter 244 
“Gresham overestimated himself by trying to strike up someone commented. 
a conversation with Mr. Jim,” 
“How can a small company like Shepard Group think they’re worthy of Mr. Jim’s attention? Even I wouldn’t dare talk to Mr. Jim so casually.” 
“Exactly! It’s not Mr. Jim’s fault. With so many people here, if everyone acted like Gresham, ignoring their status and chatting with Mr. Jim, wouldn’t Mr. Jim be annoyed? Gresham should know his place.” 
Gresham blushed with embarrassment. Indeed, he could not climb to Jim’s level. 
However, considering the risks and benefits, Gresham had to converse with Jim earlier. As he was thinking this, he saw Jim sitting behind Bonnie. 
“Bonnie has such good luck. Mr. Jim is sitting behind her,” Gresham exclaimed with envy. 
Trina opened her mouth. She had long known about the close relationship between Bonnie and Jim. She had never dared to tell her parents about it, fearing they would redirect some of their kindness toward Bonnie. 
Watching Bonnie sitting in front of her, Trina was sure that this was not just luck, as Gresham claimed, but something Jim had arranged instead. 
Avril shook Bonnie’s arm excitedly. “Mr. Jim! It’s Mr. Jim! Oh my god! I finally saw him in person! I’m so excited!” 
As she spoke, Avril exaggeratedly pinched her philtrum. 
Bonnie looked at Avril with some surprise. “You’re just a girl and not into combat. Why are you so excited to see Mr. Jim?” 
In response to Bonnie’s question, Avril looked at her with an incredulous expression. 
“Bonnie, are you okay? Do I have to be into kickboxing to get excited about meeting Mr. Jim? He’s the King of Combat! Most importantly, he’s one of our city’s most eligible bachelors. Not only is he powerful, but he’s also handsome and manly.” 
Bonnie detected a hint of something different in Avril’s tone and looked at her with a raised eyebrow. “Do you have a crush on him?” 
Avril’s face instantly turned red. “What nonsense are you talking about? Gross, I just admire him. That’s all.” 
“Oh? Since it’s just pure admiration, why are you blushing?” Bonnie teased. 
“I’m not blushing!” 
“In that case, I was thinking of introducing you two, but if you don’t like him, then I won’t do it,” Bonnie joked. 
Avril’s eyes widened, staring at Bonnie. “Are you…Are you telling me you know Mr. Jim?” 
Bonnie nodded with a smile. “Yes.” 
“You… Are you kidding me? How could you possibly know Mr. Jim?” Avril couldn’t 
believe it. 
“If you don’t believe me, I’ll bring him along, and we can grab a meal together after the 
auction ends.” 
Avril continued to stare at Bonnie, unable to detect any trace of falsehood in her eyes. 
“D–Do you know Mr. Jim?” Avril’s tone still carried a hint of doubt. 
“You’ll find out after the auction ends,” Bonnie said mysteriously. 
Avril glanced at Bonnie, then quietly turned to look at Jim. 
“If you know him, why didn’t Mr. Jim come over to greet you? And you didn’t greet him either. You two acted like strangers,” Avril questioned.. 
“If we did that, it would be too pretentious. I don’t like being so flashy,” Bonnie explained. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 245
Chapter 245 
Avril’s mind started to feel muddled, unable to discern whether Bonnie was teasing her or truly knew Jim. 
Soon, the auction began. 
fice is 
The first item up for auction was a pair bracelets. 
“Wow! They’re so beautiful!” Avril’s eyes lit up as she stared at the items on the auction platform. 
Bonnie examined them closely. “These bracelets are indeed nice. Do you like them?” 
“Of course I do.” Avril stretched her hand toward Bonnie, jokingly saying, “Look at my wrist. It’s missing a jade bracelet like this one. However, these bracelets are expensive, so I’ll just admire them from afar.” 
Bonnie narrowed her eyes slightly at the beautiful bracelets and then shifted her gaze back to the stage. 
Trina, like Avril, had stars in her eyes. “Hadwin, those bracelets are so pretty!” 
Hadwin affectionately wrapped his arms around Trina’s waist. “Since you like them, I’ll 
bid for them for you.” 
“No, no, it’s too expensive. You don’t have to waste money,” Trina pretended to be very sensible, constantly eyeing the bracelets. She looked like she liked them but was unwilling to let him spend money. 
“You’re my woman. Spending on you isn’t a waste. Wait, I’ll bid for them right away.” 
Trina felt moved, leaning into Hadwin’s embrace. 
“Ugh, I can’t stand this lovey–dovey stuff. It’s disgusting and inappropriate,” Avril said, rubbing her arms with goosebumps. Then, she turned to Bonnie. “Luckily, he broke off the engagement with you. Otherwise, that pig you’ve snatched you up.” 
Bonnie glanced at the loving couple and said calmly, “Even if he didn’t break off the engagement, I would’ve broken it off with him.” 
“Exactly. That kind of tasteless scum doesn’t deserve you at all,” Kay crossed her arms 
and scoffed. 
Not long after, Heath stepped onto the stage as the auctioneer. 
Chapter 245 
212 
In the private room, when Ivor saw Heath, he murmured, “Huh? It’s him.” 
“Who?” Ged had been busy drinking tea and hadn’t noticed, but hearing Ivor’s confusion, he redirected his gaze to the auctioneer. 
“Isn’t that the guy beside Ms. Bonnie when you challenged her to a chess game? He’s the auctioneer for this event? I remember his name being Mr. Heath. The Rice family organizes this auction yearly. It’s been around for centuries. He happens to have the same surname as the Rice family. What’s his relationship with them?” 
Ivor pondered before responding, “I remember the Rice family has three daughters and one son.” 
Ged’s eyes lit up. “Are you saying this Heath could be the eldest son of the Rice family?” 
“It’s possible, but Rice is a prominent family, so he might not necessarily be the eldest son,” Ivor analyzed with narrowed eyes. 
Ged took a deep breath. “Wow, the Rice family is no ordinary wealthy family. Their background extends back hundreds of years, and they’ve produced several powerful masters. With such a background, if he is the eldest son of the Rice family, then Ms. Bonnie is truly remarkable to befriend someone from such an illustrious family.” 
Heath stood on the stage, scanning the room. When he saw Bonnie, he smiled and 
nodded. 
“Huh?” Avril was momentarily stunned. “Bonnie, the auctioneer just now seemed to have looked in our direction.” 
Bonnie replied calmly, “You must be mistaken.” 
“Really?” Avril scratched her head. She wasn’t sure if it was her imagination, but she had indeed seen the auctioneer look their way just now, and she thought she had seen Bonnie nod in response. 
However, after seeing Bonnie’s calm demeanor, she began doubting herself. 
“The first item for auction is a pair of ice jade bracelets. There’s no need for an 
introduction. The starting price is four hundred grand, with no less than ten thousand increments. Let the bidding begin!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 246
Chapter 246 
“480 thousand.” 
Many people were bidding. 
Hadwin raised his paddle. “700 thousand.” 
This statement immediately caused a stir. 
“Wow! He raised it so high right off the bat. It looks like he’s determined to win!” 
“Sigh, it’s one thing to compete at 400 thousand, but jumping straight to 700 thousand for a pair of ice jade bracelets? I’ll pass. Even if you’re rich, you shouldn’t be so reckless.” 
“In the end, we just don’t have enough money.” 
Hadwin accepted the envious or admiring looks from the crowd, raising his chin proudly, his vanity greatly satisfied. It was also the most crucial purpose of his bidding for the jade 
bracelets for Trina. 
Trina felt moved. “Hadwin, thank you.” 
As she threw herself into his arms, she glanced at Bonnie provocatively. 
Vera and Gresham were also pleased with Hadwin’s performance. They were relieved that Trina had risen to prominence after Hadwin broke off his engagement with Bonnie. Otherwise, their family would have no one to cling to. 
For a man to bid at seven hundred grand for a pair of ice jade bracelets, the Shepards knew they should not mess with him. 
At this moment, Bonnie spoke up. “1.4 million.” 
The entire auction venue instantly fell silent. 
Followed by a loud buzz, everyone began to whisper, their curious gazes turning toward 
Bonnie. 
“Who is that woman? Is she crazy? She just doubled the bid?” 
“You’re the crazy one. Bonnie’s just wealthy. What’s wrong with having a lot of money?” 
Avril’s jaw dropped as she turned to look at Bonnie. “Bonnie, what are you doing? Where 
Chapter 246 
did you get so much money from?” Avril thought of Ivor and frowned. 
2/2 
Then, she questioned, “You’re not letting Mr. Ivor pay for you, right? Bonnie, I consider you a friend, so don’t get angry at what I’m about to say.” 
Bonnie just looked at Avril. 
Avril bit her lip. “Um, I remember you said that you and Mr. Ivor haven’t fully confirmed your relationship yet. Even if you become a couple, it’s best not to rely on men too much for money. What if things go south, and he asks you for money? 
“Well, let’s step back a bit. Mr. Ivor has plenty of money and doesn’t care about that little amount. But it’s not good for a girl to take money from her boyfriend.” 
After hearing Avril’s words, Bonnie felt deeply touched. 
Only a true friend would say such things. It showed how good the friend she had made 
was. 
Bonnie patted Avril’s hand and smiled. “You’re right. Girls should be financially 
independent and shouldn’t treat men as ATMs. We have hands and feet, and we can earn our own money. Besides, who says women are inferior to men? Many men are not as good as women in their jobs.” 
“Exactly! I completely agree with what you’re saying! It’s just ” Avril frowned, “What about that 1.4 million?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 247
Chapter 247 
Bonnie didn’t know how to react. “I never intended to spend Ivor’s money. I have my own money.” 
“You have your own money? Where did you get the money from?” Avril was doubtful. 
On the stage, Heath continued, “1.4 million once, 1.4 million twice, anyone else bidding?” 
Hadwin looked at Bonnie resentfully. Bonnie now took all the limelight he had just stolen. 
Trina’s family was astonished. The person supporting Bonnie let her spend 1.4 million to buy a pair of jade bracelets. 
Hadwin was so angry his teeth were almost grinding to dust, and he was almost out of breath. 
“1.45 million.” 
Bonnie raised her paddle. “2.8 million” 
The crowd gasped in shock. 
Bonnie’s pocket ran deep. Compared to Bonnie, Hadwin looked like a clown. 
At this moment, the embarrassed Hadwin hung his head low, ashamed. It was too embarrassing. 
Trina’s family was even more shocked. 
1.4 million had already made them pale, but Bonnie didn’t hesitate to bid 2.8 million. 
They all wondered who was backing Bonnie. 
“2.8 million, sold!” Heath declared with a final hammer strike. “The pair of ice jade bracelets belong to bidder number 98.” 
After Bonnie paid, the ice jade bracelets were delivered to her. 
“Here, for you, one each.” Bonnie handed one of the bracelets to Avril and the other to 
Kay. 
Kay didn’t hesitate to accept it. “Thank you, Ms. Bonnie.” 
Avril was stunned. Her mouth hung open wide. “You–You’re giving this to me?” 
Chapter 247 
2/2 
Bonnie nodded. “Yes, didn’t you say you liked it? You even extended your hand to me, saying your wrist was missing such an ice jade bracelet.” 
Upon hearing this, Avril’s head went blank. 
Bonnie’s purpose in bidding for these jade bracelets was to give them to her. 
As she thought about it, tears welled up in Avril’s eyes. 
“Bonnie, you’re… you’re too kind to me. I don’t even know how to repay you. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Aren’t we friends? Friends need to repay each other.” 
Bonnie felt moved to see Avril shedding tears, so she took a tissue and wiped them away. 
“But this is too precious,” Avril hesitated. 
“Precious? It’s just 2.8 million.” Bonnie shrugged indifferently. 
Avril stared at Bonnie blankly, realizing that the more she spent time with Bonnie, the more mysterious she seemed. She was full of surprises. 
Trina, with jealousy burning in her eyes, looked at Vera. “Ah, Bonnie is something. She spent 2.8 million to buy a pair of ice jade bracelets to give them away. 
Vera was already feeling uncomfortable, and after hearing Trina’s words, her eyes seemed to spew fire. 
Even though Bonnie had no relationship with them anymore, they couldn’t help but feel resentful, watching her give away such expensive bracelets that she had bought. 
“What does it matter? Also, she is not your sister. She doesn’t deserve to be your sister. Understand?” 
Trina obediently nodded. “Sorry, Mom, I know.” 
Halfway through the auction, Bonnie finally found a suitable item to give to Lisa. 
“A hundred–year–old ginseng, perfectly preserved. Everyone can see its quality. It’s priceless. I won’t waste everyone’s time. The starting bid is 200 thousand,” Heath announced. 
“The quality of this item is truly outstanding!” Gresham exclaimed. “I wonder which big 
shot will be able to take it home tonight.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 248
Chapter 248 
Demetria looked at Hadwin. “Your grandfather’s birthday is coming up. Find a way to 
win it.” 
“Okay, Mom.” Hadwin raised his paddle. 
“210 thousand,” he bid. 
Before his words had even settled, someone else bid. 
“250 thousand.” 
“2 million.” 
“2.5 million.” 
Before Hadwin could drop his paddle, the bid reached seven million. 
“Damn it! What are you all fighting for?” Hadwin raised his paddle again. “Seven million. 
“30 million,” Bonnie bid. 
Hadwin remained frozen in the position of lowering his paddle, stiffly turning his head 
to look at Bonnie. 
$ 
Bonnie bid such a large sum. She seemed to have no fear that her backer wouldn’t give her that much money one would give their mistress such a massive sum. 
It shocked Avril and Kay. 
Then, Kay leaned over to Bonnie and whispered, “Ms. Bonnie, if you can’t come up with that much money, I can sponsor you. Of course, it’s not free. When you have time, teach 
me a few more moves.” 
Kay knew Bonnie had a strong sense of pride and didn’t like taking advantage of others, 
which was why she said that. 
Bonnie looked at Kay calmly. “No need for your help. I can manage.” 
At this time, another bidder entered. 
“35 million.” 
Chapter 
Bonnie immediately followed up. “70 million.” 
Gasps filled the room. 
In the VIP room upstairs, Ged’s gaze turned away from Bonnie. 
“Ivor, Bonnie stole the show today. But from what I know about her, she probably won’t ask you for money, right?” 
“She has it.” Ivor lifted his teacup, enjoying the sight of the girl’s stunning beauty while sipping his tea. 
“You mean the money she tricked out of Xavier last time?” Ged recalled and asked. 
Ivor corrected severely, “She didn’t trick Xavier. She outsmarted him.” 
“Tsk tsk tsk-“Ged clicked his tongue. “I didn’t expect you to be so defensive. Okay, okay, she didn’t trick him. Bonnie outsmarted him with her intelligence. 
“Speaking of which, I’m curious. How did Bonnie make Xavier lose so much money? He didn’t even come knocking at her door afterward.” Ged raised his brows. 
Ivor raised his eyebrows thoughtfully. “I asked her about this before, but she didn’t explain much.” 
During their conversation, another bid instantly caught their attention. 
“140 million.” 
“Who dares to challenge your woman? They’re courting death.” Ged followed the sound of the voice and was stunned when he saw the person’s face. “Xavier? Xavier is fighting with Bonnie for the item. Is this his way of taking revenge?” 
“It’s unlikely. Since Xavier didn’t come to trouble Bonnie, he must have some concerns. It’s unlikely that he is here to cause trouble for Bonnie in such a public place. Even if he wants to, he should do it behind the scenes.” 
“In that case, Xavier wants this hundred–year–old ginseng?” Ged felt that Ivor’s analysis 
made sense. 
On the first floor, Bonnie turned her head to look at Xavier, and their eyes met, with a hint of flattery in Bonnie’s gaze. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 249
Chapter 249 
Before Bonnie could understand, Xavier approached with a smile and stood before her. 
Trina and the others all stared at this scene, utterly confused. They wondered why the CEO of Sheffyn Entertainment would approach Bonnie. 
“What are you doing here?” Bonnie looked at Xavier with a cold 
gaze. 
Xavier maintained his friendly smile. “Ms. Bonnie, please don’t bid for this ginseng.” 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow, her tone cold. “Are you trying to compete with me?” 
“No, how could I compete with you? I want to bid for this ginseng and give it to you.” 
His words shocked everyone. 
“How… how is that possible?” Gresham’s mouth hung open. 
Xavier wanted to give Bonnie this priceless, hundred–year–old ginseng. 
Moreover, Xavier was the CEO of Sheffyn Entertainment. They were comparable to the Knight family in Pyralis. No one could find a connection between him and Bonnie and why he was trying to please her. 
Bonnie nodded. “How sensible. Okay, I’ll accept it.” 
Xavier breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Ms. Bonnie, for your kindness.” 
Bonnie waved dismissively. “You can go now.” 
“Okay, I won’t bother you anymore.” Xavier quickly left. 
This scene confused everyone. Xavier was acting so submissive toward Bonnie. 
Gresham felt a sense of regret, but it was only fleeting. Despite Bonnie’s current glory, everyone would revile her once someone exposed her identity as a mistress. The higher she climbed, the harder she would fall. 
Avril looked at the ginseng in her hand with admiration for Bonnie. 
“Bonnie, this is such a valuable item. You should keep it safe.” 
Bonnie replied, “I plan to give it away.” 
“What?!” Avril was so surprised that she accidentally raised her voice several notches. 
Chapter 249 
2/2 
Feeling the strange gazes from those around her, she quickly covered her mouth. 
“You want to give it away? Who are you going to give such a precious thing to?” 
Bonnie smiled mysteriously. “You’ll know in the future.” 
In the private room on the second floor, Ivor stood up. 
“Mr. Ivor, where are you going?” Ged looked at Ivor and asked. 
“I’m going to find Bonnie.” Ivor smiled and said. 
Ged felt repulsed. 
Ivor came to Bonnie’s side and looked at Kay. “Excuse me.” 
Kay did not react. She didn’t understand why the CEO of Knight Group was asking her to 
move. 
Thinking of this, Kay looked back and forth between Bonnie and Ivor and came up with a 
conclusion. 
“Here. sit.” Kay smiled and gave up her seat before staring at Bonnie and Ivor nosily. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 250
Chapter 250 
This was groundbreaking news. She never expected Ivor’s rumored fiancee to be Bonnie. 
Bonnie turned to look at Ivor. “Why aren’t you staying in your private room? What are you doing here?” 
“You’re not in my private room.” Ivor’s deep black eyes were full of affection. 
Bonnie sighed and rubbed her forehead. “You have no shame. You can come up with flirtatious remarks anytime, anywhere.” 
“Thank you for the compliment.” 
“Haha.” 
Ultimately, Xavier won the hundred–year–old ginseng with a bid of 140 million and had it 
sent to Bonnie. 
Ivor glanced at the ginseng box and couldn’t help asking, “It seems like Xavier is a little afraid of you.” 
Bonnie could sense that he was testing her. “Really? I didn’t notice.” 
“I won’t ask if you won’t tell. I believe that one day, you won’t treat me as an outsider anymore and will tell me everything.” Ivor said in a firm tone. 
Bonnie looked Ivor up and down. “This has nothing to do with being an outsider or not. Everyone has their secrets, and you must have secrets that I don’t know either.” 
Ivor leaned close to Bonnie’s face and whispered, “What secrets do you want to know? I’ll tell you everything. Even if you want to understand me, I don’t mind being a model for you. I can lie on the bed motionless and let you do as you please.” 
His words formed an indescribable scene in Bonnie’s mind for a moment. 
Bonnie blushed, and she wanted to punch him. 
“You have no shame!” Hadwin looked at Bonnie and Ivor, who were getting along intimately. “You’re so close in public. Aren’t you embarrassed?” 
Hadwin’s voice was not low, and his intention was obvious. It was to embarrass Bonnie. 
Trina joined in, echoing Hadwin. “Bonnie, Hadwin is right. What you did just now is unsightly.” 
Chapter 250 
Bonnie turned to look at the pair. “It’s embarrassing for us to be this close? You two were being intimate with each other just now. Hadwin, you even reached under Trina’s skirt and rummaged around. I wonder what you’ll find down there. 
“Trina, you intentionally rubbed your chest against Hadwin’s arm. Could it be that there was an unscratchable itch that you needed Hadwin to help you with?” 
Hadwin and Trina were both about to spurt blood. Bonnie’s words were so venomous. 
“Enough!” Gresham glared at Bonnie. “How can you say such things about her in public? Aren’t you afraid you’ll bully her into suicide? You’re so malicious!” 
“Malicious?” Bonnie sneered. “So, people can criticize me, but I can’t retaliate? How does that make sense? Besides, they did what they did, so I dare to say it.” 
“You, you-” Gresham was trembling with anger. 
Vera pulled Gresham. “Let me talk to her.” 
Vera looked at Bonnie and said, “I won’t argue with you. Sell the ginseng to me. 
“You want me to sell the ginseng to you?” Bonnie was curious about Vera’s intentions.” How much are you offering?” 
Vera thought for a moment before replying, “Trina’s grandfather fell seriously ill and needs medication. This ginseng happens to be useful for her grandfather’s health.” 
“Why are you telling me all this nonsense? Just tell me how much you are willing to pay.” Bonnie’s patience was wearing thin.. 
Vera couldn’t stand Bonnie’s attitude when talking to her. Even though Bonnie was no longer her daughter, she still couldn’t tolerate Bonnie’s attitude.. 
Vera thought for a moment and replied, “Fifty grand.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 251
Chapter 251 
“What?!” Bonnie picked her ear and laughed, saying, “Xavier spent a billion on this ginseng, and you’re trying to buy it from with for fifty grand? You must have a s*** loose, Vera.” 
Avril and Kay echanged glances. They were speechless because of Vera’s outrageous demand. Vera was furious as she said, “Are you honestly asking for more? Do you know how critical the condition of Trina’s grandfather is? Saving his life is the right thing to do. 
“I’ve done my part by offering fifty grand for the ginseng. I’m not even asking you to give it to me for free. You have your panties in a bunch.” 
Bonnie could no longer bear her estranged mother. The former had decided to leave the Shepards because she knew Vera and Gresham’s character too well. Once she left, she would have nothing to do with them. 
“F*** this, Bonnie! I’m sorry, but she’s the biggest scumbag there is. I can’t stand her anymore. She’s the worst human being I’ve ever met.” Kay was so frustrated that she had to pat her chest to calm herself down. 
Vera could not tolerate Kay’s insults. The former said, “I know you’re Master Orson’s granddaughter, Kay. Still, it doesn’t mean you can insult me.” 
Kay retorted, arms akimbo, “Can you blame me? Even if Trina’s grandfather is ill, you can’t guilt trip Bonnie. She’s not obligated to save anyone in your family. Would you have demanded the ginseng if Xavier had it instead of Bonnie? You wouldn’t have guilt- tripped him, correct?” 
Vera pursed her lips as her eyes reddened. 
“I thought so. You wouldn’t dare if someone else had the ginseng. You’d never have offered fifty grand for it, either. You’re only doing it to Bonnie because you hate her. You never considered her your daughter. 
“Whenever you see her getting something good, you try to snatch it. How can such a b*** like you become a mother? I’ve never met anyone so wicked. Bonnie must feel 
humiliated to have a mother like you!” Kay was irritated. 
Meanwhile, Avril resisted her urge to clap in delight. 
‘Kay tore Vera a new one!‘ 
Chapter 251 
2/2 
Although Vera wanted to retort, Kay was a member of the Steele family. The former could not fight with Kay and offend Orson. After all, it would hinder the Shepards‘ future. Even so, she was not about to back off and do nothing to Bonnie. 
“It’s between you and me, Bonnie. I’ll meet you halfway and pay you a hundred grand for the ginseng. There, I doubled my offer.” 
Bonnie looked at Vera indifferently and said, “I won’t sell it to you for that little. Here’s an idea. Call the cops and tell them to arrest me instead. Tell them I refuse to sell you the ginseng for a billion dollars, and you offered me a whopping hundred grand for it. 
“While you’re at it, why not tell them how outrageous I am for not selling it to you? They might help you and put me behind bars.” 
“Why, you little-” Although furious, Vera did everything she could not to slap her former daughter. 
Kay gave Bonnie a thumbs up and said, “That’s a great idea, Bonnie!” 
The latter frowned and said, “I’d much rather not be so harsh to the woman I once called my mother.” 
Kay wanted to say something but was at a loss. She thought it must be depressing to have a terrible mother like Vera. 
‘Bonnie might’ve moved on from them, but it’d be a lie to say she didn’t feel anything about her former family. Surely, there’s some lingering resentment for how they treated her. That’s right! Bonnie might been an awesome lady, but she still has feelings.‘ 
Meanwhile, Ivor’s heart throbbed in pain when he sensed the helplessness in Bonnie’s tone. He could not bear how soul–crushing it must be for her now. He held her hand to comfort her and turned her to look at him. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 252
Chapter 252 
Before Bonnie could speak, Ivor said, “Don’t say it. I’m not letting go of your hands.” 
It was as if those words filled Bonnie’s heart with warmth. She felt a sense of security as she looked at his gritty expression. Since she had always been independent and tough, r she had never needed anyone to make her feel this safe. 
It felt good to have someone to depend on. 
Vera noticed Bonnie ignoring her. The former roared, “I won’t ask you again, Bonnie! Are you going to sell me the ginseng or not?! If you don’t, I’ll tell your countryfolk parents that you left a poor old lady to die!” 
Although Bonnie rarely got angry, she was furious this time. “My parents raised, educated, and cared for me whenever I got sick. They’ve never failed to give me birthday presents every year. You’re no one to me. 
“How dare you threaten to disturb their peace! If you so much as text my parents, I’ll destroy your entire family.” 
“Hmplr, as if! Who do you think you are? Funny how you think you can destroy us.” 
Suddenly, Xavier approached and said, “Just say the word, Bonnie. I’ll wipe the Shepards from Pyralis.” 
Vera was shocked while Gresham stood up. He was terrified, hastily saying, “Please look past this, Xavier. My wife is just a commoner. She doesn’t consider things before speaking.” 
Xavier retorted, “What are you talking about? She’s trying to buy my billion–dollar ginseng for a measly hundred grand. If anything, she’s trying to take advantage of me. How dare you say consider things before speaking?” 
she does 
“I’m sorry, Xavier. My wife has overstepped. She’ll apologize to you.” Gresham hurried over and urged his wife to apologize. 
Vera dared not disobey. She said, “I’m sorry, Xavier. I didn’t mean to step out of line. I’m just worried about my mother. That’s why I offered to buy the ginseng.” 
Xavier ignored the couple and asked Bonnie, “How do you want me to deal with them?” 
Gresham and Vera’s hearts sank. At that moment, the Shepards were at Bonnie’s mercy. Meanwhile, the couple wondered why Xavier was respectful and protective of Bonnie. 
Chapter 252 
They even speculated he was her sugar daddy. 
2/2 
“Wait, Bonnie sat close to Ivor and even held hands. Xavier must’ve seen it, but he did nothing about it. He can’t be Bonnie’s sugar daddy. So, why would Xavier side with her if there’s nothing between them?‘ 
Bonnie glared at her former parents, saying, “I never want to hear you two insulting my parents again. I’ll show you how merciless I can be if I ever find out you two disrespect or humiliate them.” 
Vera and Gresham disdained Bonnie even more now. However, they could do nothing about it. Now that the incident had concluded, the auction ended with a b*** for the time being. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 253
Chapter 253 
Heath stood onstage and introduced the final item for the night, “Allow me to introduce the last item up for bids tonight. We saved the best for last. Of course, everyone knows about the miracle doctor who saved the mother of the SR League’s owner.” 
Gresham and Vera were excited as that was what they came for. They hoped to bid on this item and buy the miracle doctor’s services. Otherwise, Harold would not make it past the 
next few days. 
Heath continued, “The miracle doctor can bring the dead back to life. I know it sounds exaggerated, but it’s the most apt introduction for her. Although she saved the mother of the SR League’s owner, she also helped someone regain their ability to walk. 
“The miracle doctor is giving treatment to Ivor’s grandmother. Ivor is the director of Knight Group. According to the latest information, Winnie, his grandmother, is doing much better now. 
Although I’m grateful that no one in my family is ill, the miracle doctor said the 
organizer could not partake in the auction. If not for that, I’d do my best to outbid you. 
all.” 
Everyone in the hall knew Heath wasn’t exaggerating to please the miracle doctor or raise the price of her services. After all, falling ill was an inevitable part of life. Securing the miracle doctor’s service meant saving their life whenever they needed it. 
Bonnie looked at Heath and clicked her tongue. He would have also tried to bid for her service if he had not been the organizer. That was why she explicitly clarified that he 
could not join the bid. 
After all, the two had been buddies for years. If anyone in Heath’s family needed her help, she would do it for free. 
“All right, let the bidding commence! We’ll start with fifty million.” 
“Sixty million!” 
“A hundred million!” 
“They’re bidding so high already?!‘ 
Gresham and Vera grew pale. Although Harold was in a dire situation, the couple could not bid if the price went too high. 
Chapter 253 
2/2 
“A hundred and twenty million dollars!” 
“Two hundred million dollars,” Xavier uttered his bid. 
Bonnie turned and looked at him. He met her gaze and was stunned for a while. Then, he smiled and waved at her. 
Meanwhile, Graham grew anxious. He stood up and exclaimed, “Three hundred million!” 
‘Ugh, that’s a lot of money. My wallet’s bleeding!‘ 
A moment later, he turned and addressed everyone in the auction hall. He said tearfully, I’m the head of the Shepard family, and I ask that you all listen to my story! My father has a severe illness, and none of the doctors we hired could help him. They even told us to start planning his funeral. 
“The miracle doctor is our last hope, everyone. I beg you to give us a chance this time. My family isn’t as prestigious as other esteemed guests here, but I ask that you believe me. In return, my family will help you if you need our help.” 
He then bowed to everyone as his tears fell to the floor. Suddenly, Vera and Trina did the same thing. 
“Please consider doing us this favor, everyone. My grandpa’s life is hanging by a threat as we speak.” Tears streamed down Trina’s cheeks. She was determined to be the most loving and thoughtful granddaughter. She knelt and clasped her hands, begging, ” Please!” 
She heard everyone muttering about her. They showered her with compliments and approval. Indeed, she had killed two birds with one stone. Firstly, she won the favor of everyone in the high society circle. 
Secondly, she could secure the miracle doctor’s service for her family. Once Harold’s health improved, he would love and dote on Trina even more. In turn, that would further consolidate Trina’s standing in the family. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie watched indifferently. She admitted that her former sister’s shamelessness was nothing she could ever compare to. Otherwise, Trina could not have attained her status in the family. 
Naturally, that did not mean Bonnie could not beat her former sister. Instead, the former did not want to use methods similar to Trina’s. After all, Bonnie did not want to become someone she despised. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 254
Chapter 254 
With Trina kneeling and begging, no one had the heart to bid against the Shepards for the miracle doctor’s service. Moreover, no one in their families needed urgent treatment. Ultimately, the bidders let the Shepards win. 
Once the auction ended, Bonnie and Ivor left the hall together. The latter said, “Wait here while I bring the car around.” 
“All right.” 
Immediately after Ivor left, Trina pranced around Bonnie and said, “Did you see how well I did in there? What do you 
think?” 
Bonnie gave her a thumbs–up and said indifferently, “You’re the best at embodying the word shameless.” 
11 
Trina was furious. She wanted to boast about how great she was and hint at Bonnie that she would never let Bonnie rejoin the family. 
“Hmph, you’re just jealous! The miracle doctor will save Grandpa tomorrow. He’ll feel indebted to me then. Imagine how gloriously he’ll reward me.” Trina held her chin up. 
However, Bonnie laughed aloud, enraging Trina even more. “What are you laughing at?!” 
“Oh, you’ll see.” Suddenly, Bonnie looked forward to treating Harold at the family’s 
house tomorrow. 
$ 
“You’re so full of it, Bonnie.” Trina hated that Bonnie could always brush off her tricks 
and act like it was no big deal. 
The latter did not want to waste any more time with Trina. Instead, Bonnie would save 
her breath for when she saw the Shepards tomorrow. 
Trina grew curious as she said, “Mom sent me to ask you how you got to know Xavier.” 
Exasperated, Bonnie glanced at her and said, “Why does that concern any of you? You’re unworthy of asking me such a thing. You Shepards are strangers, as far as I know. Is that how you idiots behave? You nosy people must like asking strangers about their private lives.” 
“Why, you little- Why won’t you just tell me?!” 
Bonnie gave Trina a sidelong glance and said coldly, “I ain’t telling you shit. What are 
Chapter 254 
you going to do about it?” 
“Fine!” Trina stomped off. 
Bonnie continued to wait, but Ivor never arrived. 
“That’s strange. The parking lot isn’t that far. What’s taking him so long? I’ll walk over there and look for him. 
When she arrived at the parking lot, she saw Rowena talking to Ivor. Rowena tried to dive into his arms several times, but he kept avoiding her. 
“Stop avoiding me, Ivor. Am I not good enough for you? If so, how is Bonnie good enough for you? Why do you love her but not me?!” Rowena stared at Ivor tearfully. 
However, there was nothing but coldness in Ivor’s eyes as he said, “Bonnie is better than you in every way. You don’t hold a candle to her.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 255
Chapter 255 
Bonnie became misty–eyed when she heard Ivor’s words. 
On the other hand, Rowena wept. “That hurt, Ivor. We’ve known each other since childhood. How could you choose someone you’ve only known for several months over r me?” 
“What of it?” Ivor responded briefly. 
Bonnie glanced at the weeping Rowena and pitied her. Even so, the former knew what kind of person Rowena was. Any pity would be a waste on Rowena. 
“It’s all Bonnie’s fault! I’ll make her pay for this! She will return you to me!” 
Suddenly, Bonnie revealed herself and said, “Return him to you? You don’t know your worth, Rowena. He has never belonged to you. You’re just bullshitting.” 
Her words resembled salt in Rowena’s wounds. Bonnie then approached Ivor and stood beside him, the couple looking like a perfect match. Rowena could no longer take it and ran away, bawling. 
Meanwhile, Ivor grew worried that Bonnie might misunderstand the situation. He hastily explained, “She kept bugging me and wouldn’t let me leave. I rejected her approach repeatedly, but she clung to me.‘ 
“Yeah, I can tell,” Bonnie responded. Then, she noticed Ivor staring at her. She asked, Why are you looking at me like that?” 
Ivor frowned. “You don’t look even a little jealous.” 
Bonnie realized he was dissatisfied because she was not jealous of Rowena. 
‘Jeez, he’d get upset and jealous if any guy gets close to me. Now, he’s also upset that I’m not jealous of the ladies who get close to him.” 
“Gosh, you’re such a hopeless romantic, Ivor.” 
He smiled charmingly and pointed at himself, saying, “I’m only a hopeless romantic for you. No one else can bring out that side of me.” 
Bonnie did not have a good comeback for that. She opened the car door and sat in the passenger seat before saying, “Come on, let’s go home. I have a busy day tomorrow.” 
Ivor got into the car and asked curiously, “You don’t have school tomorrow. Why would 
Chapter 255 
you say you have a busy day?” 
He realized she would always leave the villa and not return until late at night. He had always been curious about it, wondering what Bonnie was doing outside all day. Still, he respected her privacy and did not send his men to follow her. 
Bonnie squinted, saying, “I need to visit the Shepards‘ house.” 
Ivor was about to drive off but stopped when he noticed what Bonnie said. He asked, ” Why would you do that? Do the Shepards have more bones to pick with you?” 
He heard about the commotion when Bonnie went there to gather her belongings. That was why he was worried when she said she had to visit the Shepards. 
“Not exactly.” Bonnie was not about to tell Ivor that she would be treating Harold. If she did, she would expose her identity as a miracle doctor. 
On the other hand, Ivor was perceptive. From her response, he noticed she did not plan to tell him everything. He asked, “How about I send one of my men to accompany you? Hey, I can send Tim with you. You’re close with him, aren’t you?” 
“N–Not him! I’ll go back there alone.” Bonnie knew Jim would insist on following her if he ever knew about it. 
Ivor squinted and said, “Fine, but I want you to call me if you encounter any issues. 
“Of course.” 
The following morning, Ivor called Jim over. Meanwhile, Floyd pursed his lips when he saw Jim. The former had to remind himself that no one could know about Tim’s real identity. No one could learn that Tim was Jim. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 256
Chapter 256 
Ivor noticed Floyd’s strange behavior and asked, “Is there something on your mind?” 
Meanwhile, Jim shot Floyd a look that said, ‘You’ll regret it if you open your big mouth.‘ 
Floyd met his imposing gaze and answered Ivor, “Oh, nothing.” 
Ivor looked down as he fell into deep thought, but the other two could not read his expression. Then, he looked at Jim and said, “I have an important mission for you.” 
“What is it?” 
“Bonnie just left and is headed for the Shepards. I want you to keep her safe,” Ivor said while monitoring Jim’s reaction. 
The latter tried to hide his concern when he heard the news. Although subtle, Ivor caught it and said, “Stop waiting around. I want you to go now.” 
“Of course.” Jim nodded and left the villa. 
Ivor then looked at Floyd, saying, “Are you sure you’re not hiding something from me?” 
Floyd’s heart pounded. “What do you mean, Mr. Ivor?” 
He tried to remain calm. Although keeping things from his boss was inappropriate, he felt better knowing Bonnie had his back. After all, Ivor would turn into a pussycat whenever Bonnie put down her foot. 
Ivor stared at Floyd for a good while before finally looking away and saying, “Take me to the company.” 
Floyd dared not sigh in relief because he did not want his boss to sense something unusual about his reaction. Hence, he only sighed internally. 
‘Well, that was scary!‘ 
Harold lay in bed at the Shepards‘ villa. He looked shriveled and pale as death as his breathing became labored. It looked like he could pass away at any moment. 
Meanwhile, Yolanda expressed her frustration with Gresham, “Where’s the miracle doctor you spent three million on?! Why isn’t she here yet?” 
“Calm down, Mom. I’ll call her now.” 
Chapter 256 
2/2 
“What did you say?! Your dad can’t hold on any longer, yet you’re asking me to calm down. Are you eager for him to die so you can inherit his assets?” Yolanda trembled with 
rage. 
Gresham was shocked. “How can you say that, Mom? Do you honestly think I’d do something like that?” 
Grant, Gresham’s younger brother, said, “Don’t talk to Mom like that. She has a point. Since you’re the family’s firstborn, it’s only natural that you’d want Dad to die so you can inherit all his assets. Then, you’ll kick Kaysen and me out of here.” 
“That’s a load of crap!” Gresham roared. 
His youngest brother, Kaysen, said, “Why are you getting mad, Gresham? Grant must be right about you.” 
“Are you two idiots working together to tear me down?!” 
“We would never. We’re just speaking the truth.” 
“Yeah, what he said.” 
“That’s enough!” Yolanda gripped her cane and said, “Why are you three fighting at a time like this?! Your dad’s life is on the line, and all you care about is arguing.” 
She looked at Gresham and asked, “Did you call the miracle doctor yet? When is she coming?” 
A moment later, he received a reply and told his mother, “She’s at the door. Let’s go and welcome her.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 257
Chapter 257 
“Thank goodness she’s finally here. Your dad will live!” Yolanda said as she approached 
the door. 
“Mom, slow down. Your legs aren’t what they used to be.” Gresham and his brothers 
darted after their mother. 
When the group reached the door, they saw no signs of the miracle doctor. Instead, they saw Bonnie. Gresham sneered, asking, “What do you think you’re doing here?” 
She was about to respond when Yolanda interjected, “Why do you care why she’s here? Where’s the miracle doctor?” 
The older woman looked past Bonnie but saw no one there. Yolanda asked hastily, “I thought you said the miracle doctor is here. Where is she?” 
“Hold on. I’ll ask someone.” Gresham pulled out his phone and called Jamari, the person overseeing the bidding affairs. Gresham said, “That can’t be. The miracle doctor texted me and said she’s here.” 
After some thought, he asked, “Do you think she went to the wrong house?” 
Jamari replied, “Hmm, I’ll hang up and call her.” 
“Sure.” 
When Jamari hung up, Bonnie said, “I’m here. Let me in.” 
‘Say what now?‘ 
Everyone, especially Gresham, was stunned. 
Ysable laughed, “Hahaha! Bonnie, it’s funny that you think you’re a miracle doctor. 
That’s absurd.‘ 
Gresham and Vera reddened with fury. Though they had disowned Bonnie, they could not help but feel embarrassed by her actions. 
“Shut your trap and leave, Bonnie.” 
Bonnie looked at Gresham indifferently, asking, “Are you sure you won’t regret telling me to leave?” 
“Whatever! Just get out of my face!” Every second he looked at her just made him angrier. 
Chapter 257 
2/2 
Meanwhile, Vera glared at Bonnie. The latter raised her brows and said leisurely, “You’ll all regret it soon enough.” 
Bonnie turned and began walking away. Suddenly, she stopped and turned, adding, “I won’t refund your three million dollars, by the way. After all, I came as promised, but you denied my service.” 
Ysabel snorted. “You’re committed to your act, huh? You must enjoy impersonating others. Do you even have any medical knowledge? Whatever, I bet you don’t even know how to check a pulse.” 
Fernanda added to the mockery, “Although I’m no longer related to you, your actions still embarrass me. Thank goodness we disowned you. You’re so reckless that you might get yourself killed someday. I hope you don’t drag us down with you when it happens.” 
Yolanda glowered at Gresham and Vera. She said, “We shouldn’t have brought this country bumpkin her in the first place!” 
The couple felt humiliated and glared at Bonnie. 
‘Why the hell did she come here?! We’re getting scolded because of her.” Soon, the couple inevitably resorted to criticizing their estranged daughter. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 258
Chapter 258 
“You’re shameless for coming here after we disowned you. Why’d you come back?” 
“As far as we’re concerned, you’re no longer our daughter. You can die for all we care. Stop coming here and disgracing us with your presence!” 
Bonnie had long become numb to their harsh insults. At that moment, she was.unfazed. Suddenly, her phone vibrated. 
Buzz, buzz, buzz. 
She answered Jamari’s call, and he asked, “Did you go to the wrong address, miss? The Shepards said they didn’t see you.” 
Bonnie looked at the family blankly and said, “I’m already here, but they’re in my way and not letting me in. Instead, they’re chasing me out as we speak.” 
“What?! What’s wrong with these people? Give me a minute, miss. I’ll call them right now,” Jamari said, annoyed. 
Ysabel rolled her eyes and said, “Grandma, she just can’t stop pretending. How did she become so shameless?” 
Gresham noticed his mother’s grim expression and motioned to push Bonnie out of the property. However, he received a call from Jamari. 
“Hmph!” Gresham glared at Bonnie and then answered his phone. Immediately after, his fury vanished. He smiled and asked Jamari on the phone. “So, what did the miracle doctor say?” 
“Damn you, Gresham!” Jamari roared, “The miracle doctor is at your doorstep, yet you lied and said you don’t see her. You even tried to chase her away if that wasn’t bad enough. How dare you! 
“You and your family begged everyone at the auction to let you win the bed. Everyone tried to help you and your family, even though you’re nothing in the high society circle. What do you think will happen if they find out you squandered their compassion?!” 
Gresham was terrified and was even on the verge of tears. “I–I didn’t lie, Jamari! I don’t see the miracle doctor at my doorstep-” 
He suddenly stopped speaking and whipped around to look at Bonnie, who had already reached the front gate and was walking 
vide. 
Chapter 258 
1/2 
Chapter 258 
“You’re shameless for coming here after we disowned you. Why’d you come back?” 
“As far as we’re concerned, you’re no longer our daughter. You can die for all we care. Stop coming here and disgracing us with your presence!” 
Bonnie had long become numb to their harsh insults. At that moment, she was unfazed. Suddenly, her phone vibrated. 
Buzz, buzz, buzz. 
She answered Jamari’s call, and he asked, “Did you go to the wrong address, miss? The Shepards said they didn’t see you.” 
Bonnie looked at the family blankly and said, “I’m already here, but they’re in my way and not letting me in. Instead, they’re chasing me out as we speak.” 
“What?! What’s wrong with these people? Give me a minute, miss. I’ll call them right now,” Jamari said, annoyed. 
Ysabel rolled her eyes and said, “Grandma, she just can’t stop pretending. How did she become so shameless?” 
Gresham noticed his mother’s grim expression and motioned to push Bonnie out of the property. However, he received a call from Jamari. 
“Hmph!” Gresham glared at Bonnie and then answered his phone. Immediately after, his fury vanished. He smiled and asked Jamari on the phone. “So, what did the miracle doctor say?” 
“Damn you, Gresham!” Jamari roared, “The miracle doctor is at your doorstep, yet you lied and said you don’t see her. You even tried to chase her away if that wasn’t bad enough. How dare you! 
“You and your family begged everyone at the auction to let you win the bed. Everyone tried to help you and your family, even though you’re nothing in the high society circle. What do you think will happen if they find out you squandered their compassion?!” 
Gresham was terrified and was even on the verge of tears. “I–I didn’t lie, Jamari! I don’t see the miracle doctor at my doorstep-” 
He suddenly stopped speaking and whipped around to look at Bonnie, who had already reached the front gate and was walking outside. 
Chapter 258 
2/2 
‘Are you kidding me?! How’s that possible? Bonnie’s only in her twenties. How can she be the miracle doctor who treated the mother of the SR League’s owner? Does that mean she’s also treating the grandmother of the Knight Group’s director?‘ 
Meanwhile, Jamari was outraged. “You’re still lying to me?! I just called the miracle doctor, and she said she was at your doorstep!” 
That was when Gresham remembered Bonnie answering a call just now. 
‘1–It must be a coincidence.‘ 
“Can you give me the miracle doctor’s name?” 
Jamari barked, “Bonnie Shepard!” 
“What?!” Gresham gasped as his widened eyes turned to Bonnie. His jaw dropped as he yelled, “Bonnie, come back!” 
Bonnie did as he said and looked at him wryly. “What’s wrong? Are you regretting it already?” 
Vera was dumbfounded, asking her husband, “Why’d you call her back?” 
Yolanda added, “I told you Bonnie’s nothing but a troublemaker. If you take her back, I’ll disown you!” 
Vera grew anxious. “You’re misunderstanding him, Mom. He would never take Bonnie back. I bet he yelled for her to return to tear her a new one.” 
Yolanda felt much better after hearing that. “That’s more like it. 
At that moment, Gresham sweated bullets while Bonnie grew impatient. “It looks like you guys don’t want Harold to get better.” 
“Do I have to get someone to chase you out with a broom?!” Yolanda scolded. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 259
Chapter 259 
“Don’t do anything reckless, Mom!” Gresham stopped Yolanda. 
“What do you think you’re doing? You’ve always had a soft spot for her!” 
“That’s not it. Sh–she’s the miracle doctor!” Gresham turned red with 
“Wh–what did you just say?” Yolanda was shocked. 
Vera gulped, saying, “Stop joking around, honey.” 
anger. 
“Yeah, Dad! How is Bonnie the miracle doctor?” Trina would rather believe Santa Claus existed than believe her former sister was the celebrated miracle doctor. 
Gresham’s brows furrowed as he said bitterly, “I’m having trouble believing she’s the miracle doctor, too. Believe me. I wish it were a joke, but it’s the truth.” 
Everyone fell silent as they looked at Bonnie in shock. Suddenly, Vera shouted, “Hey, she’s about to get in her car!” 
Yolanda chased after Bonnie with her cane, yelling, “Don’t leave, Bonnie! Come back!” 
Even Vera and Gresham joined in chasing Bonnie. 
Meanwhile, Trina felt troubled about the unexpected turn of events, thinking, ‘How did this happen? How can Bonnie be the miracle doctor?‘ 
Bonnie had just gotten into her car when they pulled her out. She said, “I thought you guys didn’t believe me. Didn’t you want to chase me out with a broom?” 
Gresham grimaced. “Why didn’t you say anything earlier?” 
Bonnie had waited until the Shepards disowned her before telling them she was the miracle doctor. The family wondered if she did that just to humiliate them. 
Gresham’s question made Bonnie chuckle. Even so, she was unsure if she was laughing at herself or Gresham. She said, “Really? I recall telling you I had medical knowledge when someone here fractured their bone a long time ago. I offered to treat her, but what did you tell me? 
“You accused me of lying and called me a troublemaker. You even grounded me and told me to reflect on my misbehavior. Also, Harold got sick a few years ago, and his health has been deteriorating since then. 
Chapter 259 
“I told you I could help him, but you shamed me. Don’t say I never told you that I had medical knowledge. You just never listened.” 
Gresham and Vera grew grim as Bonnie spoke. Indeed, they recalled everything she said. Bonnie was right. The family had criticized and distrusted her. 
‘Are we guilty of distrusting her? Of course not. It’s no one’s fault. No would believe that such a young lady could possess such medical knowledge!‘ 
“I’ve had enough of this shit!” Yolanda glared at Bonnie and commanded, “If you’re the miracle doctor, do your job and start treating Harold now!” 
Bonnie could not bear the family’s atrocious behavior. She said, “Here’s the thing, Yolanda. I’m no longer a family member, and sure as hell ain’t your granddaughter. Since I’m the heralded miracle doctor, every wealthy family in Pyralis competes for my 
services. 
“Are you sure you want to talk to me in that tone? You were the ones who chased me out just now. Do you think I want to treat anyone in your family? Keep dreaming!” 
“You little shit!” Yolanda was at a loss and could not think of how to retort. Finally, she roared at Gresham and Vera, “Your daughter’s being a nasty brat!” 
The couple was furious. One of them said, “Bonnie’s no longer our daughter!” 
Even Yolanda was outraged, thinking, ‘We wouldn’t have needed to spend three million dollars if they hadn’t insisted on disowning Bonnie. Trina wouldn’t have needed to beg everyone at the auction, either.” 
The older woman’s eyes were full of hatred as she glared at Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 260
Chapter 260 
The family blamed everything on Bonnie. Still, Yolanda had to suppress her hatred for her husband’s sake. She asked, “What will it take for you to treat my husband, Bonnie?” 
Bonnie said arrogantly, “After you chased me out just now, 
what do you think it’ll take?” 
Trina interjected, “Although you’re no longer one of us, my parents raised you. Their blood courses through your veins. Are you going to be cruel and make them kneel and beg?” 
Yolanda was just as scheming as the rest of the family. Therefore, she knew what Trina was trying to do. The older woman glanced at Gresham and Vera, asking, “What are you waiting for? Kneel before Bonnie. She hates us now, and that’s the only way she’d treat Harold.” 
Bonnie squinted, regarding Trina as a dead woman. 
Meanwhile, Gresham and Vera gawked at Yolanda. The former asked, “What are you talking about, Mom? Why should we kneel before her? She’s our birth daughter, for crying out loud. Th–that’s just-” 
Yolanda grunted, “What else can we do? Your dad will die if you don’t beg for Bonnie’s help. Some people are just cold–blooded and don’t care about their family. Are you one of those people?” 
The older woman insinuated that Bonnie was one of those people. However, the older woman laid it thick so Bonnie could not have missed it. 
“I beg of you, Bonnie–no, Sis. Don’t make Mom and Dad kneel. Please save Grandpa. I’ll do anything if that’s what it takes,” Trina said as tears rolled down her cheeks.. 
At that moment, Trina resembled a kind soul who looked out for her family, while Bonnie was a rotten soul who did not give a rat’s a*** about them. The latter raised her brows and said, “If that’s the case, I want you to get on your knees and beg me.” 
Trina was still crying at that moment. She froze when she heard her former sister’s 
words. 
Bonnie looked at her condescendingly and roared, “Do it! Aren’t you trying to be the good little girl?” 
Gresham and Vera exchanged glances. They were not about to sacrifice their dignity for 
anyone, not even their beloved daughter. Ultimately, letting Trina take the fall would be 
better. 
“We’re sorry you have to do that, Trina. We’ll compensate you after Bonnie treats your grandpa.” 
Trina regretted sticking her neck out for her family when she realized they had weaseled their way out of kneeling. Meanwhile, Yolanda grew impatient when Trina froze. The former roared, “What are you waiting for, Trina?! Is your pride more important than your grandpa’s life?” 
Trina was in a dilemma and had no way out. She gritted her teeth and fell to her knees with a thud. 
‘Damn you, Bonnie! I’ll get revenge on you someday. I’ll make things much worse for 
for putting me through this!” 
you 
Bonnie noticed Trina’s expression and knew what the latter was thinking. Bonnie said, Kneeling isn’t enough. I want you to slap yourself, too. Keep doing it until I’ve completed the treatment.” 
“What?! That’s outrageous!” Trina growled. 
Bonnie crouched beside her and whispered so only Trina could hear. “Watch your tongue. Your family’s watching. If you piss me off, I’ll refuse to treat Harold. Then, his death will be your fault. After that, your family will see you as nothing more than a miscreant.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 261
Chapter 261 
Trina ground her teeth so hard that Bonnie could hear it. The latter said, “Grinding your teeth won’t help. We both know how the family operates. They’ll treat you like a queen if you’re useful, but when you’ve outlived your usefulness, you’re less than dirt to them. 
“Use me as an example. Your family thought I was no longer useful to them, and they disowned me. While their blood courses through my veins, you have nothing to fall back on, Trina. I don’t have to tell you what’ll happen once you outlive your usefulness.” 
Trina’s emotions ran wild. Although Bonnie was her enemy, she had to admit there was some truth to Bonnie’s words. 
Bonnie stood up and crossed her arms, saying, “That’s why you’ll slap yourself just like I asked you to. Come on, let’s hear it.” 
Gresham and Vera did not make a sound. Trina could only sigh, knowing they had to agree. Ultimately, she slapped herself. 
Bonnie smirked. “That’s too soft. I said I want to hear it. That was hardly a slap. 
Trina glared at her former sister and slapped herself again. 
Smack! 
The sound was crisp. 
“Are you happy now?” Trina asked. 
Bonnie nodded and said, “That works.” 
She then turned to Fernanda and said, “I’ll head inside to treat Harold. The rest of you stay here and watch her. Make sure each slap is as loud as the one she did just now.” 
“Okay, leave it to me.” Fernanda rubbed her hands together and approached Trina. 
Previously, the latter had cunningly given Bonnie’s exam ID to Fernanda to humiliate Bonnie’s SAT score at Harold’s birthday party. However, Bonnie had a perfect score and won the Best Scholar Award. Then, Trina argued with Fernanda. 
That was why Bonnie assigned Fernanda to watch Trina. Bonnie’s former cousin would watch over Trina to ensure she did not stop slapping herself until Bonnie finished treating Harold. 
Trina cursed internally, ‘Damn you, Bonnie!‘ 
Meanwhile, Yolanda glared at Bonnie grimly and said, “Will you please check on Harold now?” 
“Sure,” Bonnie responded cheerfully, “I feel much better now. Let’s move.” 
Her demeanor caused Yolanda, Gresham, and Vera’s blood pressure to skyrocket. When Bonnie reached Harold’s room, she first checked his pulse. 
Yolanda asked with worry, “How is it? Can you help him?” 
“His condition has gone on for too long. It would’ve been doable if you had let me treat him years ago. Now, it’ll take much longer to cure him.” 
Bonnie’s words enraged Yolanda. “Really? The other doctors gave up treating him. On sound like you can treat him. All you need is time, right? We the other hand, you make to hired various specialists for my husband’s condition. Why are you so confident you can do what the others couldn’t?” 
Of course, Yolanda was skeptical of Bonnie’s medical knowledge and purposefully made sarcastic remarks to mock her. 
“Don’t worry about that. Your family spent three million dollars on my services. So, I’ll ensure you spend your money well. That’s not a small amount of money, right, Yolanda?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 262
Chapter 262 
Yolanda sneered. She tried to schemingly get back the money she had spent on her former granddaughter, but it failed. 
Soon after, Bonnie pulled out her silver needles and treated Harold. She looked nothing like a twenty–year–old girl at that moment. Instead, she looked like a mature and seasoned doctor. 
The longer Yolanda and the others watched, the more peculiar their expressions became. Half an hour later, Bonnie kept her needles, and Harold miraculously regained 
consciousness. 
The first person he saw was Bonnie. He asked, “What’s she doing here? Gresham, you and your wife promised never to take this good–for–nothing back. How dare you break your promise?! 
“I’ll disown you as my son if you don’t get her out of my house, Gresham! You’ll never be one of us again!” Harold roared. 
Immediately after, he noticed everyone’s strange expressions. “What’s the matter with you guys? Cat got your tongue? Did you even hear what I said?!” 
Yolanda feared things would get out of control and whispered to him everything she had just learned about Bonnie. 
Harold’s eyes widened as he listened to his wife. He then looked at Bonnie in disbelief. After taking some time to process the information, he said, “Fine. Now that you’re finally making a name for yourself, I can consider letting you rejoin the family. 
“My only condition is that you give us the money you earned from your patients. Also, you must return the mone spent on bidding for your services.” 
Bonnie merely stared at him blankly. 
Harold was displeased, asking, “Why are you looking at me like that?” 
Bonnie stepped away from the family and said, “I’m grateful that I got switched at birth with Trina twenty years ago. This whole family has no honor. I would have turned out as shameless as you of you raised me.” 
“You b***!” Harold roared, “How dare you talk to me that way! I’m your grandfather!” 
“Grandfather? You must’ve lost part of your memory. Did you forget that you detached 
7/2 
my bank account from the family? Also, you were the ones who announced on Twitter. that I’m no longer a member of the family.” 
Harold argued, “I know you’re upset that we disowned you. However, we did nothing wrong because you kept humiliating us. I’m merciful for letting you rejoin the family. After all, your medical knowledge is impressive.” 
Bonnie sneered, saying, “Shameless doesn’t even begin to describe how bold you all are.” 
“Repeat that if you dare!” Harold barked as he trembled with anger. 
“I said nothing wrong. All of Pyralis knows I’m no longer a family member because of the tweet. Do you want to tarnish your reputation by releasing another statement, saying you’ve seen the error of your ways, and welcome me back into the family? Can you put aside your pride to do that?” 
Harold pondered her words, ‘She’s right. It’ll look like we were wrong if we take her back. 
He said, “How about you post a tweet, saying you’ve reflected on your mistakes and changed for the better. Then, you’ll also say you won’t bring shame to the family again. Lastly, you’ll beg for forgiveness, too.” 
‘If she does that, my family’s reputation will stay intact.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 263
Chapter 263 
Bonnie was astonished when she heard Harold’s words. Although she knew how shameless the Shepards were, she could not help but feel disgusted over what Harold said. 
“Hahaha!” She burst into hearty laughter, saying, “I have no words for you people. You’d have better luck sprouting wings and flying than making me rejoin your family. I 
wouldn’t even consider it if you begged. 
“That’s enough chit–chat. I’ll continue treating your condition since you paid me so much. That’ll be all today. Farewell.” Bonnie motioned to leave. 
“Stop right there! Did I say you could leave?!” Harold roared. 
However, she did not slow down and ignored him. It pissed Harold off. “Hold it, Bonnie! Did you hear me?! I said stop!” 
Still, Bonnie continued to leave. 
“Fine! I’ve lived far longer than you and know how the world works. I’ll show you who’s tougher. Men! Stop her!” Harold had decided to contain Bonnie in the house. 
‘I’ll punish that punk for ignoring and rebelling against me. Besides, Bonnie’s extraordinary medical skills will greatly bolster my family’s wealth. We can even use her to our advantage to establish connections with much wealthier and more influential families in Pyralis. I must ensure Bonnie doesn’t leave.‘ 
Soon after, several bodyguards surrounded Bonnie. She gazed at them and said dryly, These jokers can’t stop me if that’s what you’re counting on.” 
“How arrogant! Do you think your basic skills will do you any good? They’re the family’s elite bodyguards.” 
“Good for you.” Bonnie casually responded and continued to leave. 
The bodyguards exchanged glances before springing into action. However, Bonnie dodged their assault and countered with several punches, causing them to stagger and 
hit the wall. 
The bodyguards were shocked. Then, some charged at her while the rest came from the rear. Even so, Bonnie wiped them out with a flurry of punches. 
Harold’s expression turned grim as he gawked at his elite bodyguards on the floor. No words could describe how shocked he was, not to mention Gresham, Vera, and everyone 
Chapter 261 
else. They froze, and their jaws dropped. 
At that moment, they finally understood why Kay kept pestering Bonnie to teach her kickboxing. The Shepards began to regret disowning Bonnie, especially with her medical knowledge and status as Pyralis’s best scholar. 
Meanwhile, Trina stopped slapping herself and ran over when she heard her grandfather had regained consciousness. Then, she felt threatened when she saw the bodyguards on 
the floor. 
She remarked, “I don’t get it, Bonnie. You’re tough and skillful, yet you stooped so low to get a sugar daddy.” 
Trina meant to mislead her family. It did not matter how tough Bonnie was. Trina wanted the family to know that Bonnie was still a s*** who would readily sell her body and integrity for a quick buck. 
Surprisingly, it worked. Although the Shepards felt regretful earlier, that feeling began to fade. Instead, they disdained Bonnie again. That was when Bonnie strode toward Trina. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 264
Chapter 264 
Trina’s eyes widened in terror. “Wh–what are you doing?!” 
Bonnie glared at her menacingly and said, “I told you last time. If you’re going to accuse 
me of having a sugar daddy, you better have evidence to back it up. Otherwise, you’ll regret it.” 
Trina felt an impending danger. She gulped in fear before screaming and fleeing. However, Bonnie grabbed her collar and yanked her back, causing her to fly and slam into a cupboard. 
“Trina!” Vera darted after her daughter worriedly. “Are you okay, sweetie?” 
Trina cried, “I–I’m okay, Mom. Don’t blame Bonnie for this. I was wrong to expose wrongdoings in front of everyone.” 
her 
Vera was outraged. She turned and screamed at Bonnie, “Did you hear that?! You hurt Trina, yet she still defends you! So what if you’re the miracle doctor? Your talents don’t matter much if you’re wicked and nasty. Even if the family wants you back, I’ll never reconcile with you.” 
“Exactly!” Gresham glared at Bonnie. “She spoke my mind. I’ll never reconcile with you till the end of time!” 
Initially, Harold and Yolanda wanted to use Bonnie’s skills for the family’s benefit. However, what happened just now suggested it was no longer possible. 
Gresham and Vera’s claims made the older couple reconsider retaining someone as nasty as Bonnie. After all, she could be of more trouble than her worth. 
Harold said coldly, “I pitied you and allowed you to rejoin the family because the Shepard blood courses through your veins. Now, you’ve created a disaster. I’ll kick you out, you troublemaker. Good riddance.” 
Bonnie glared at him and responded, “I wanted to leave, but you got in my way. Why do you insist on complicating things for yourself?” 
‘How annoying!‘ 
The Shepards glared daggers at her as she left. When Bonnie exited the house, she saw Jim waiting for her. She asked, “Why are you here?” 
“Why else? Mr. Ivor was worried about you. 
Chapter 264 
“Are you mocking me?” 
“I wouldn’t dare.” Jim smiled and glanced at the Shepards‘ house grimly. “I heard fighting going on inside.” 
Bonnie then told him everything that had just happened inside. “That’s about it. Those idiots considered their bodyguards elites. As far as I’m concerned, they weren’t even a fun challenge.” 
“I’m aware of that. That’s one of the reasons I didn’t barge in to help.” 
Bonnie stared into Jim’s eyes and asked, “Am I right to say you wanted to barge in there earlier?” 
Jim chuckled, saying, “Your intelligence is extraordinary, Bonita. Nothing escapes you. Yes, I wanted to help but stopped because this is the Shepards‘ house.“. 
Bonnie was grateful that he put himself in her shoes and considered what she needed instead of what he needed to do. Although he was a man’s man, he was exceptionally thoughtful and cautious regarding Bonnie. 
She said, “You don’t have to respect those fools anymore. You can barge in and teach them a lesson for all I care. I have nothing to do with them, after all.” 
Jim nodded. “Roger that.” 
Floyd entered the Knight Group’s CEO’s office with a stack of documents and approached Ivor. However, he realized his boss was still looking at the same document from hours ago. “You’ve been staring at that for over an hour, Mr. Ivor. Is something wrong?” “I was distracted with my thoughts.” Ivor frowned. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 265
Chapter 265 
‘I know what Mr. Ivor is thinking, but I don’t want to ask him about it. I don’t want to hear about his lovey–dovey story with Bonnie.‘ 
Suddenly, Ivor looked at Floyd, hinting for him to ask about his thoughts. The latter wished to wipe the sweat off his forehead, asking, “Um, what’s on your mind, Mr. Ivor?” 
Ivor felt satisfied. He said, “I was just thinking about Bonnie. I wonder how everything’s going for her at the Shepards‘. Do you think they’ll pick on her again?” 
Floyd pouted, thinking, ‘I knew it.” 
“If I know Ms. Bonnie well enough, no one can pick on her. Also, didn’t you send Jim–I mean, Tim, to watch over her? Everything will be okay with him around, Mr. Ivor.” 
“Tim Reid, huh?” Ivor mumbled. 
Floyd’s heart raced as he stammered, “I–Is there something wrong with Tim?” 
Ivor squinted and said, “There’s more to him than meets the eye.” 
Floyd tensed as he thought, “That’s obvious. His real identity is Jim freaking Ryan!‘ 
Mairi, Avril’s mother, was celebrating her birthday today. So, Bonnie visited early in the morning. 
Avril pulled Bonnie to her mother, saying, “Hurry, my mom can’t wait to meet you!” 
“Bonnie, you’re finally here! I’ve been waiting to meet you!” Mairi held Bonnie’s hands warmly and looked at her affectionately. “I’m weak and ill, so I can rarely–mingle in high society circles. I’ve only ever heard about you until today.” 
Bonnie giggled and said, “I don’t have a good reputation out there, unfortunately.” 
“That’s nonsense.” Mairi frowned. “I don’t believe what people say about you. I find. most rumors unfounded. I only care about what my family thinks about you. Avril loves. You and Daken a 
of your character. 
“As far as I’m concerned, you’re all right. The people who twist the truth and spread. false rumors are nasty.” 
Although it was Bonnie and Mairi’s first meeting, the former felt touched by what Mairi 
212 
said. Mairi took Bonnie’s hands and gestured for her to sit. “Come, you can sit next to me.” 
Avril g*** and playfully complained, “Mom, how can you ignore your daughter just because Bonnie’s here?” 
“Oh, don’t be jealous, sweetie.” Mairi looked at Bonnie and said, “Speaking of daughters, did Avril tell you about me wanting to become your godmother?” 
Bonnie nodded and said, “Yeah, she mentioned it once.” 
“Well, what do you think?” Mairi’s eyes widened as she looked at Bonnie longingly. 
The latter could tell Mairi genuinely liked her. Bonnie pondered on it and considered how Avril had always treated her. Then, she thought about what Mairi said earlier. Bonnie nodded and said, “I’d be happy to be your goddaughter, Mairi.” 
“That’s wonderful!” Mairi was so thrilled that she fist–pumped. She then looked at her husband and daughter, saying, “Did you hear that? Bonnie’s willing to be my 
goddaughter! Now, I have two daughters!” 
Daken palmed his forehead helplessly as he looked at his ecstatic wife. “We have other guests, honey. You might want to watch yourself.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 266
Chapter 266 
“I gained a new daughter. What do I care? Can’t I let the world know that I’m happy? Do you fancy yourself a school principal? Is that why you’re getting on my case? I didn’t say anything when you smoke and drink. Also, there was the time when 
“Alright, okay! I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything. Will you please let it go?” Daken couldn’t take it when Mairi got going. He knew he’d never hear the end of it. 
Avril hid her chuckle behind her hands and whispered to Bonnie, “Did you see it? There they go again. I see this several times a day.” 
“They love each other a lot.” Bonnie loved how loving and harmonious the Smiths were. It reminded her of her family in the countryside. Her parents and Benedict were the same 
way, too. 
The Shepards weren’t even worth mentioning. 
Daken couldn’t take it anymore. Realizing that asking for forgiveness didn’t pan out as he thought it would, he changed the topic and said, “Geez, honey. Did you prepare any gift for your goddaughter?” 
“Oh, dear. You’re right.” Mairi removed her necklace and turned to Bonnie. “My mom gave it to me when I turned eighteen. It’s not anything luxurious, but it means a lot to me. I hope you’ll like it.” 
“A–Are you sure?” 
“Are you rejecting it because it’s too cheap? Is it because it’s less valuable than the ice- species jade bangle you gave Avril?” 
Bonnie could tell Mairi purposefully put it this way. “That’s not it, Mom. It’s because the pendant is made of glass–species jade, Mom. I wouldn’t say it’s cheap.” 
Mairi was a little surprised. “Sheesh. Look tell this is glass–species 
How could you jade?” 
“I developed a fondness for various jades and antiques in the past. So, I’ve been studying them quite a lot.” 
What she said surprised Mairi again. “Did you dabble in antiques as well?” 
“Nothing too serious, though,” Bonnie said humbly. 
“Geez. You’re talented in so many areas, 
the most exotic antique piece in the world. “There’s an Antique Jade Appreciation Conference in Jocrovania next month. How about you come with me? Do you have the time?” 
At the next moment, Lorna Smith chimed in. She was the daughter of Murray Smith, who was Daken’s eldest brother. “Various prestigious figures from all over the globe will show up at the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference in Jocrovania, Aunt Mairi. 
Bonnie’s just twenty years old. What’s the point in bringing her along? Do you think she’s going to be any help in appraising the antique?” 
Mairi was displeased about the rude interruption, but she was the older woman here. She couldn’t be seen having a beef with the youngsters. 
“Meet Bonnie, Lorna. I’ve just accepted her as my goddaughter. I know you have opinions about her, but I can guarantee she’s not even close to how the rumors described her.” 
“I’m sure she got you fooled, Aunt Mairi. You guys are the only ones who think the world of her, while the Shepards have seen her for what she truly is. That’s why they kicked her out of the family.” 
“That’s enough, Lorna!” Mairi roared, “I didn’t start anything with you earlier because I think of you as my niece. However, you kept coming at my goddaughter and attacked her with words. You have no respect for me. 
“Now, it’s my turn to ask you something. Were those your words? Or did your parent feed them to you to repeat them to me?” 
Lorna was thoroughly shocked by Mairi’s outburst. Turning around, she looked at her parents and asked for their help wordlessly. 
Her mother, Kirsty Smith, came over and said with a big smile, “Geez. Listen to yourself, Mairi. You’re scaring the youngsters. Lorna’s just a child. She doesn’t know what she’s talking about.” 
Avril leaned into Bonnie’s ears and whispered, “She’s right. Lorna’s such a baby.” 
Bonnie hid her chuckle behind her hands. 
Mairi stood before Bonnie and said, “Just a child? Fine. If you say she’s a child, then so be it. I can’t believe she made such nasty remarks when she was just a child. The fault doesn’t lie with her. That makes it the parents‘ fault because she’s just a child!” 
Chister 266 
“Geez. You’re talented in so many areas, Bonnie!” Mairi looked at Bonnie as if she was the most exotic antique piece in the world. “There’s an Antique Jade Appreciation Conference in Jocrovania next month. How about you come with me? Do you have the time?” 
At the next moment, Lorna Smith chimed in. She was the daughter of Murray Smith, who was Daken’s eldest brother. “Various prestigious figures from all over the globe will show up at the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference in Jocrovania, Aunt Mairi. 
Bonnie’s just twenty years old. What’s the point in bringing her along? Do you think she’s going to be any help in appraising the antique?” 
Mairi was displeased about the rude interruption, but she was the older woman here. She couldn’t be seen having a beef with the youngsters. 
“Meet Bonnie, Lorna. I’ve just accepted her as my goddaughter. I know you have opinions about her, but I can guarantee she’s not even close to how the rumors described her.” 
“I’m sure she got you fooled, Aunt Mairi. You guys are the only ones who think the world of her, while the Shepards have seen her for what she truly is. That’s why they kicked her out of the family.” 
“That’s enough, Lorna!” Mairi roared, “I didn’t start anything with you earlier because I think of you as my niece. However, you kept coming at my goddaughter and attacked her with words. You have no respect for me. 
“Now, it’s my turn to ask you something. Were those your words? Or did your parent feed them to you to repeat them to me?” 
Lorna was thoroughly shocked by Mairi’s outburst. Turning around, she looked at her parents and asked for their help wordlessly. 
Her mother, Kirsty Smith, came over and said with a big smile, “Geez. Listen to yourself, Mairi. You’re scaring the youngsters. Lorna’s just a child. She doesn’t know what she’s talking about.” 
Avril leaned into Bonnie’s ears and whispered, “She’s right. Lorna’s such a baby.” 
Bonnie hid her chuckle behind her hands. 
Mairi stood before Bonnie and said, “Just a child? Fine. If you say she’s a child, then so be it. I can’t believe she made such nasty remarks when she was just a child. The fault doesn’t lie with her. That makes it the parents‘ fault because she’s just a child!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 267
Chapter 267 
Mairi’s back wasn’t exactly broad. She was quite slender. However, she stood before Bonnie and shielded her as Daken did a while ago. 
“Avril and her family are kind souls.‘ Bonnie thought to herself. 
That said, Mairi was insinuating Lorna’s parents didn’t raise her well. Murray and Kirsty’s face turned red from fury. “Don’t you think you’re a little harsh, Mairi?” 
“Harsh? Look who’s talking. Don’t you think Lorna spoke rather harshly earlier? She had always been arrogant and impolite. She also doesn’t show any respect to those older than her under normal circumstances. At first, I thought she was young. So, I let it slide and didn’t say anything. 
“Do I need to remind you what the occasion is today? It’s my fiftieth birthday, yet she continued to run her mouth off before me! You don’t see my daughter doing the same thing before you guys!” 
Murray and Kirsty didn’t have a good comeback for that. Mairi was right. It was her birthday. There was nothing they could say to excuse his daughter’s behavior. 
“Hehehe…” Kirsty forced a smile on her face and said, “Yeah. You’re right. Lorna was in the wrong this time.” 
Lorna’s eyes widened. “Mom…” 
“That’s enough, Lorna. Knock it off. You’re an adult now. That means you have to mind. the way you carry yourself. Remember, we’re here to celebrate your Aunt Mairi’s birthday. Speaking of, didn’t you prepare a gift for her? Hurry up and give it to her.” 
Still pissed off, Lorna produced a gift and handed it to Mairi. “I saved for a long time to buy this gift for you, Aunt Mairi. I’m aware that you’re not feeling well. So, I bought this for you. It’ll help.” 
“Fine. Thank you.” Mairi took it and gave it to Avril. 
Avril opened the box and checked on it. She mumbled, “What a tiny ginseng. Moreover, it doesn’t look like it was grown in the wild. That means it’s not worth much. How big of a fool does she think we are? My mom could drop dead the moment she ingests it. 
Bonnie took a look at it and formed her judgment on the ginseng. 
“This ginseng is cultivated artificially for less than three years. It won’t take Mom’s life 
2/2 
away, but it won’t help her, given her current condition.” 
Avril regarded her puzzlingly and asked, “How do you know so well about Mom’s current condition?” 
“I took the opportunity to check her pulse when she held my hands earlier,” Bonnie explained. 
Avril’s eyes widened in surprise. “Do you have medical knowledge as well?” 
“Yeah. I know enough to get by. I want to check her pulse properly when the party’s over.” Bonnie had long heard that Mairi was very weak. So, she brought her trusty medkit with her when she came. 
“Are you good at this?” Avril had massive respect for her right now. 
Bonnie remained quiet for a couple of seconds before she leaned into Avril’s ears and said, “Are you going to believe me if I tell you I’m the miracle doctor who treated the mother of the SR League’s owner?” 
Avril nodded solemnly. “I sure do. That reminds me, I have a secret for you too.” 
“What is it?” 
“I’m Ms. Bonita, the renowned researcher in Pyralis.” 
Bonnie remained quiet and didn’t say anything. 
Avril looked at Bonnie’s stern expression and burst out laughing. “Hahaha!” 
“What do you think? My joke’s better than yours. Right?” Raising her hand, Bonnie held her forehead. 
‘What a pain in the butt. Perhaps I should stop revealing my secret identities. No one’ll believe me, anyway.‘ 
At the next moment, Lorna turned to Bonnie and said, “You’re Aunt Mairi’s goddaughter now, Bonnie. Did you come empty–handed to her fiftieth birthday party?” 
Avril and Mairi stepped forward simultaneously. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 268
Chapter 268 
“Why do you keep picking bones with Bonnie, Lorna? Did she do anything to deserve your aggression?” 
“I appreciate that you bought a gift for me, Lorna. I love it. However, this has nothing to do with the fact that you attacked Bonnie verbally repeatedly. She’s part of my family. So, knock it off. Otherwise, I won’t hold back anymore.” 
Lorna was pissed off on the inside, but she was doing what she could to keep a smile on her face. She directed her gaze past Avril and Mairi and fixed it on Bonnie. 
“I’m not trying to make things difficult for you, Bonnie. It’s just a question. Did you prepare a gift for Aunt Mairi or not? If you overlooked it, I have something I can lend you.” The sarcasm in her tone couldn’t be clearer. 
With that said, Bonnie had never once laid eyes on Lorna. Instead, she looked at Mairi and said, “I’ve got something prepared for you, Mom.” 
Fixing her gaze on Bonnie, Lorna was determined to see this through. ‘What on earth did Bonnie prepare for Aunt Mairi? I’m so going to make fun of her if it’s something cheap. and worthless.” 
“Thank you, Bonnie. I’m really glad I could call myself your mom.” Mairi pulled Bonnie into her arms and hugged her tightly. 
we’re all very “Are you going to open it and check out the gift, Aunt Mairi? Come on, curious about the gift Bonnie prepared for you.” Lorna couldn’t wait until Bonnie humiliated herself. 
Mairi was irritated now. Just as she was going to defend her goddaughter, Bonnie stepped forward and said, “I handpicked this gift for you, Mom. Why don’t you check it and see if you like it?” 
“Um…” Mairi frowned. 
“It’ll be fine, Mom. I’m sure you’ll love it. After all, the value of the gift doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts.” She smiled and looked at Mairi. 
“You’re right. It’s the thought that counts. It doesn’t matter what the gift is, I know I’ll like it. Alright. It’s time to see what you’ve handpicked for me, Bonnie.” 
With that, Mairi opened the gift box and was astounded to see the large ginseng. She was 
so shocked that it almost slipped from her hands and fell. 
The rest of the guests noticed her reaction and leaned in close with a puzzled look on their faces. At the next second, though, they were petrified and stood as still as statues. 
It was especially true for Avril. After all, she recognized this particular ginseng. She knew where It came from. “Good Heavens, Bonnie! Is this the same ginseng we saw at the auction a few days ago?” 
What she said shocked everyone to their cores once more. 
“Jeezums! I heard that they sold the ginseng at a billion dollars eventually! That’s an Incredibly huge amount of money! Is she really going to give it away?” 
“Do you think price is the only thing special about it? This ginseng has been around for a hundred years! Everyone coveted it, but it wasn’t up for grabs previously. It would be nearly impossible to get your hands on it if it wasn’t for Pyralis’s annual grand auction.” “That’s right! You could even save your life when the situation calls for it!” 
Listening to everyone’s muttering, Lorna felt like someone had slapped her. 
‘Bonnie must’ve done it deliberately. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have also given ginseng to Aunt Mairi as a gift!‘ 
By now, her puny ginseng had been put aside. It became worthless as soon as Bonnie produced her gift. 
“Well… It’s such an extravagant gift, Bonnie. I can’t possibly take it.” The last thing Mairi expected from Bonnie was a ginseng worth a billion dollars. 
Realizing that Mairi was about to return it to her, Bonnie reached out and stopped her godmother. “I handpicked it for you, Mom. Like I said a minute ago, the value of the gift doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts. If you don’t accept it, I’ll take it that you don’t like it.” 
Mairi couldn’t exactly decide. Turning sideways, she looked at Daken and said, “Honey…” 
“Take it. It’s Bonnie’s first time giving you a gift. You’ll break her heart if you turn it down.” Daken had a point. She had to accept it. 
Later, Bonnie took Mairi aside and sat on the couch after the party was over and all the guests had left. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 269
Chapter 269 
“I’m going to check your pulse, Mom.” 
That surprised Mairi. “Do you have medical skills as well, Bonnie?” 
Nodding, she said, “Let me give it a shot.” 
Mairi didn’t stop her. She extended her hand and let Bonnie do her thing. That was when 
Daken walked over to his daughter and whispered, “Are 
her way around medicines?” 
“I didn’t know about it until tonight’s party started.” 
You aware that Bonnie knows 
Avril stared at Bonnie curiously. “What exactly do you make of Bonnie, Dad? Why do I get the feeling that she knows everything?” 
Daken was also staring at Bonnie. However, he didn’t say anything about the matter. 
Not long after, Bonnie finished checking Mairi’s pulse. She released her godmother’s hand and asked. “Am I right if I say you were haunted by some serious condition when you were very young? Is that the reason behind your compromised immune system?” 
Mairi’s eyes widened. “How did you know about that?” The fact was, she hadn’t even mentioned this to Avril. Bonnie shouldn’t have known about it. 
“I just checked your pulse, silly,” Bonnie responded. 
Mairi was shocked that Bonnie knew her condition by simply checking her pulse. 
“I went to the countryside when I was merely three years old. I’m not sure what toxic insect it was, but it bit me, and I got a high fever for two straight weeks. I was admitted to the county hospital before they transferred me to one of the hospitals in the city, but it didn’t do me any good. 
“My family even hired a witch doctor and did the whole shebang. Nothing took. Then, it dragged on, 
and my body recovered slowly on its own. Ever since that incident, I became frail. I couldn’t even touch cold waters when it was summer. 
“It bugged me a lot too. I can’t even drink cold beverages because of it.” Mairi sighed. 
‘Everyone drank their fair share of cold beverages when they were young. Having a cold beverage during summer is liberating when I sweat profusely. It must’ve been awesome.‘ 
Bonnic patted Mairi’s hands and said, “Don’t let this get you down, Mom. It isn’t too late 
Pupter 269 
to treat it.‘ 
“You’re such a sweet child, Bonnie. I know you’re just saying what I want to hear. I know about my health better than anyone else. I’ve hired many famous doctors and specialists. over the past few years, but it didn’t do me good. 
“Daken wanted to purchase the bid for the miracle doctor’s service at the auction a few days ago. However, his company was trying to gather funding because they secured a famous actor to be the spokesperson for their latest product. That meant their funding was pretty tight, too. On top of that, the Shepards…” 
Mairi trailed off into silence. She hesitated a little before continuing. “The Shepards got down on their knees and begged everyone. Harold was in a critical condition. On the other hand, I’m just feeling weak. It’s nothing as urgent as his situation. With all those factors in mind, we decided to give up on it.” 
Turning her head sideways, Bonnie looked at Avril. “Please get me my medkit, Avril. It’s the one I brought here with me.” 
Avril blinked twice and asked, “My mom’s condition is quite serious, Bonnie. Are you sure you want to do this?” 
“You’re right. It is quite serious, but I did say I can treat her.” Bonnie said confidently. 
All three of them gawked at her. 
Bonnie knew why they were looking at her in this manner. To make them feel better, she explained. “Have faith in my skills. The mother of the SR League’s owner had it worse than Mom, but I treated her nonetheless. 
“Also, I had a patient who sat in a wheelchair for twenty–odd years. He managed to stand up after I healed him. Let’s not forget about Harold. He was as good as dead by the time I saw him, but I saved him, too.” 
Avril and her parents were at a loss for words. All they could do was gawk at Bonnie. Gulping, she asked, “A–Are you making a joke again, Bonnie?” 
to treat it.” 
“You’re such a sweet child, Bonnie. I know you’re just saying what I want to hear. I know about my health better than anyone else. I’ve hired many famous doctors and specialists over the past few years, but it didn’t do me good. 
“Daken wanted to purchase the bid for the miracle doctor’s service at the auction a few days ago. However, his company was trying to gather funding because they secured a famous actor to be the spokesperson for their latest product. That meant their funding was pretty tight, too. On top of that, the Shepards…” 
Mairi trailed off into silence. She hesitated a little before continuing. “The Shepards got down on their knees and begged everyone. Harold was in a critical condition. On the other hand, I’m just feeling weak. It’s nothing as urgent as his situation. With all those factors in mind, we decided to give up on it.” 
Turning her head sideways, Bonnie looked at Avril. “Please get me my medkit, Avril. It’s the one I brought here with me.” 
Avril blinked twice and asked, “My mom’s condition is quite serious, Bonnie. Are you sure you want to do this?” 
“You’re right. It is quite serious, but I did say I can treat her.” Bonnie said confidently. 
All three of them gawked at her. 
Bonnie knew why they were looking at her in this manner. To make them feel better, she explained. “Have faith in my skills. The mother of the SR League’s owner had it worse than Mom, but I treated her nonetheless. 
“Also, I had a patient who sat in a wheelchair for twenty–odd years. He managed to stand up after I healed him. Let’s not forget about Harold. He was as good as dead by the time I saw him, but I saved him, too.” 
Avril and her parents were at a loss for words. All they could do was gawk at Bonnie. Gulping, she asked, “A–Are you making a joke again, Bonnie?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 270
Chapter 270 
Bonnie shrugged and said, “You can send your men to ask the Shepards if you don’t believe me. See if I saved Harold back from the dead. With that said, they might not tell the truth. I had a huge fight with them when I went there. However, you can still learn the truth by bribing the housekeepers.” 
She was deadly serious. There were no signs that she was lying at all. 
“Geez Lousie, Bonnie!” Avril stared at her incredulously. “Um, I don’t even know where to begin. How’s this even possible? You’ve got a close relationship with Hamish. Xavier tries his level best to get on your good side. Let’s not forget that Ivor is trying to win your 
heart. 
“On top of that, you’re the famous miracle doctor. How are you only twenty? I’m also in my twenties, but it feels like I’ve wasted my entire life compared to what you’ve achieved with yours.” 
The way Avril was staring at Bonnie right now, everyone would think she was looking at a glorious deity instead of a fellow human being. 
“You’re exaggerating, Avril. Alright. That’s quite enough with this topic. What’s 
important is that I look at Mom’s situation right now. Hurry up and get me my medkit.” 
“Sure thing, O‘ great miracle doctor. Leave it to me!” 
Bonnie had nothing to say about that title. 
Not long after, Avril returned with the medkit. Pulling out the silver needle, Bonnie looked at Mairi and said, “You have a severe case of a bacterial infection, Mom. It’s a shame that the dog days of summer have come and gone. 
“Otherwise, we could’ve eradicated the bacterial infections when they typically manifest during that period. 
“On the contrary, the chills would hide themselves under cold weather. That would, in turn, make the treatment process much more difficult. We might be in luck, though. The dog days of summer might’ve been gone, but it’s still scorching. 
“The treatment will take longer than it is if we did it during the dog days of summer. You have to be more patient and give it some time.” 
“How long will it take?” Avril asked. 
Chapter 273 
2/2 
Mairi shook her head and smiled. “I’ve got the bacterial infections for years now. It’s not going to be that straightforward to remove it from my body. I’d be grateful if Bonnie could alleviate its symptoms soon.” 
Bonnie might’ve been the miracle doctor, but she didn’t think anybody could completely eradicate her condition. 
“I’ll get rid of it in three months,” Bonnie responded. 
She could’ve eradicated the bacterial infections in Mairi’s body in a couple of months if they had done this during the dog days of summer. 
“Th–three months?!” Mairi was so shocked that she stammered. Moreover, Bonnie said she’d eliminate Mairi’s bacterial infections instead of alleviating the symptoms. 
“That’s quite enough chit–chat. Let us begin.” 
Holding the silver needle, she punctured Mairi’s skin with it and inserted it deep into her vital points. She did it so proficiently and confidently that she looked like a seasoned and experienced doctor. 
Now, the trio fully believed Bonnie was indeed the miracle doctor. 
Much time went by. Bonnie decided it was time and pulled out all the silver needles from 
Mairi’s body. 
“Do you feel better, Mom?” 
Mairi stood up and flexed her limbs. The look of pleasant surprise gradually spread across her face as she swung and waved them. 
“I feel lighter, and my limbs feel warm. Here, honey. Touch my hands. Do they feel warm to you?” 
Daken held Mairi’s hands and was surprised as well. “Jeezums. Your hands used to feel cold to the touch, even during the hottest days in summer.‘ 
Really? Let me give it a try, too.” Avril cupped her mother’s hand hastily and said, Wow. You’re right, Dad. Good Golly. They don’t call you the miracle doctor for nothing, Bonnie. You’ve only treated Mom once, yet her hands are already warm!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 271
Chapter 271 
Bonnie was delighted to see Avril and her parents so happy. She said, “I’ll give you a prescription and 
ensure you get the necessary medicines. Take them three times daily, 
okay?” 
Avril nodded, saying, “Okay, we’ll do as you say. Also, you’re spending the night here.” 
“Actually” Bonnie had no time to turn her down when Avril grabbed her hand. 
“I won’t take no for an answer, Bonnie. We’re best friends, and you gave me a jade bangle. Let’s not forget you gave Mom a billion–dollar ginseng for her birthday. The only way I can repay you is to serve you well tonight,” Avril said jokingly. 
Bonnie helplessly replied, “Okay, but I’ll call Ivor and tell him about it.” 
Avril could not resist joking at Bonnie’s expense, “Ladies are typically the ones who fuss over their husbands, but things seem to work the other way around in your relationship. Must you 
tell your boyfriend you’re staying at your best friend’s house? Imagine how he’ll control your life when you guys get married.” 
“It’s too soon to say if we’ll get married.” With that, Bonnie took out her phone and 
called Ivor. 
Soon after, he answered and said, “Is the party over? I’ll come and pick you up now. 
“The party’s over, but I’ll spend the night here.” 
Ivor frowned. “You’re not coming home tonight?” 
“Well ” 
“I can’t sleep if you don’t come home. I doubt you can sleep either.” 
Meanwhile, Avril eavesdropped on the couple’s conversation. She could not help but joke, “You don’t have to worry about that. Bonnie will sleep in the same bed with me tonight. I’ll hold her so tight that she’d sleep like a baby.” 
Ivor’s expression darkened as he asked, “Are you trying to take Bonnie away from me?” 
“Uh…” Avril’s lips twitched as she turned to Bonnie and asked, “I’m a girl. Is he seriously jealous of me?” 
After some thought, Bonnie replied, “He’s capable of being jealous of animals and plants. Oh, add air to that list, too.” 
2/2 
“Huh?” Avril was bewildered. “I can see how he’d be jealous of animals, but how does one get jealous of a plant? Also, were you serious when you said air?” 
“There’s a rare plant in his house that I love very much. I look after it every day, which makes Ivor jealous. As for air, I’d sometimes ignore him when he talked to me. That’s when he grumbled, saying I’d rather face the air than look at him,” Bonnie looked helpless as she spoke. 
Avril was stunned before holding Bonnie’s shoulder and saying, “I used to envy you for having someone as magnificent as Ivor trying to win your heart. Now, I feel pity toward you more than envy. Hang in there, Bonnie.” 
In the blink of an eye, August thirtieth arrived. Bonnie reported to Pyralis University, and the rest of the students reported themselves to the enrollment counter. However, Bonnie was honored to report directly to the president’s office. 
The university president, Russell, had prepared a cup of fine tea before Bonnie arrived. He set it down before her and greeted her smilingly, “Bonnie, you should take over the president position now that you’re one of the students in this fine university.” 
Bonnie almost choked on her tea at that moment. She said, “I came here to study, Russell. I didn’t come for your position.” 
“Same thing.” Russell took some snacks from a drawer and handed them to her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 272
Chapter 272 
Bonnie glanced sidelong at Russell, hoping the older man would get the hint. Although he had lived a long life and experienced many things, he ignored her hints and continued to ramble on, “Didn’t you notice anything different about my office?” 
Bonnie had noticed it when she entered. After all, he had renovated it to her favorite style. 
“I renovated it for you. So, do you love it? How does that offer sound now?” 
Suddenly, an older lady in her seventies opened the office door. The woman was Russell’s wife, Elliana. She supported herself with a cane as she entered, saying, “Why do you always bug Bonnie about taking over your position, you old fart? Anyone else can take over. Why do you have to bug her incessantly?” 
Bonnie nodded. “Elliana’s right. Plenty of other people can take over as the university president. I think the vice president will do a fine job.” 
“Listen to her, dear. She doesn’t want to be the university president. Maybe you should stop pushing her,” Elliana turned to grin at Bonnie, saying warmly, “You should take over my position as the president of the Pyralian Pianists Association. You’re the only one who’s qualified for it.” 
Bonnie was speechless. She depended on Elliana to pull her out of the pinch. However, the older woman came with an agenda. 
Russell said, “You have a handful of suitable apprentices for that. They’re top–notch pianists in the music industry, too. What about Coleman? Everyone regards him as a piano virtuoso. He plays exceptionally well. You should let him take over your position.” 
Elliana sighed. “I must admit he’s doing pretty well for himself. However, he doesn’t compare to you, Bonnie. He also doesn’t command the respect of the rest of my apprentices. They’ll bow to you without question if you take over as president. 
“You can even intimidate them with your identity as the nation’s leading researcher if they trouble you.” 
Bonnie had a headache at that moment. She said, “I have somewhere to be. I’ll leave you 
guys to it. Goodbye.” 
She beelined to the door, not allowing the older couple to stop her. 
“Now you’ve done it! You scared her off!” Elliana glared at her husband in annoyance. 
Russell was so upset that he trembled. “You’re the one who asked her to intimidate your apprentices with her status as the nation’s leading researcher. Must I remind you that she didn’t leave until you brought that up? How’s it my fault?” 
Elliana said confidently, “That’s a load of horseshit. I can tell Bonnie intended to take over my position as the association’s president.” 
The older man grew exasperated, rolling his eyes at his wife. He said, “Age has finally caught up to you and messed up your brain. How are you so confident in that statement?” 
“We’re both ladies. It takes one to know one. You wouldn’t understand.” 
Russell was speechless while his wife continued, “I’ll ask Coleman to s*** her just in case. Bonnie will become president of the Pyralian Pianists Association. I’ll make sure of 
it,” 
Later, Russell texted Bonnie his wife’s plot, “I have a secret for you. Elliana plans to make Coleman s*** you and coerce you into taking over her position. Watch your back and be wary if she passes you food or drinks. 
“I was a victim of one of her plots when I was young. I drank the red wine she gave me and ended up sleeping with her. Then, she got pregnant with my child, and I married and ended up sleeping with her. Then, 
her. 
Bonnie was astonished when she read the text. She never expected an authoritative figure in the education industry and the big wig in the music industry to share such a whimsical history. 
Later that day, she returned to her room in the Knights‘ villa. Suddenly, Jim leaped in through the window as he had done many times before. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 273
Chapter 273 
“Why are you coming through the window again?” 
“Old habits die hard,” Jim said as he closed the window. 
Bonnie’s lips twitched in exasperation, thinking, ‘Who would develop such a habit?” 
Jim asked, “Are you moving out tomorrow?” 
“What’s wrong? Are you reluctant to see me leave?” 
“That’s not it. I just think you should live here. The family’s security systems are top- 
notch.” 
Bonnie could not help but laugh and joke, “Are you trying to make your life easier by convincing me to stay so that these bodyguards can do your job?” 
Jim cleared his throat in embarrassment, which meant he admitted it. 
“Tomorrow will be my last night here. I’ll start moving out the next day once my classes end,” Bonnie reminded him, “Make sure not to leave on the same day I do. Ivor’s exceptionally perceptive and already doubts my relationship with you. Leaving on the same day will resemble confessing everything to him.” 
“Don’t worry. I’ve considered that, too. Let me put your mind at ease by saying I don’t intend to do that.” 
unerfect then.” 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
Knock, knock, knock. 
Ivor stood outside and asked, “Are you in there?” 
“Shit! You need to leave!” Bonnie hastily shoved Jim away. 
Jim reacted swiftly and bolted to the window. He opened it in a flash but closed it again immediately after. 
“What’s wrong?” Bonnie asked worriedly. 
“Alfred’s down there.” 
“Um…” Bonnie’s brows furrowed. 
Ivor’s voice sounded at the door again, “I’ll come in if you don’t answer me.” 
Immediately after, he opened the door. To Bonnie’s surprise, Jim had already slid under the bed. She sighed in relief and thought, “Thank goodness he moves fast.‘ 
“What’s wrong? Why are you sweating? You don’t look so good, either.” Ivor approached and wiped the sweat off Bonnie’s forehead. His eyes shifted a little before they settled 
calmly. 
“It’s nothing. I was just working out a second ago.” 
“Oh, that’s what it is. Why didn’t you ask if I wanted to work out with you? That would’ve made things far more interesting.” Ivor smirked at her. 
“Oh. So, that’s what it is. Why didn’t you ask me to work out with you? That would’ve made things far more interesting.” He stared at her and gave her a whimsical look. 
Bonnie looked back at him peculiarly, prompting Ivor to ask, “What’s with that look?” 
Bonnie asked, “Are you sure you meant actual workout?” 
Ivor smiled and said, “Hey, get your mind out of the gutter.” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched as she thought, ‘I think we both know who’s the p*** here. 
“With that said,” Ivor added, “I like what you’re thinking, Bonnie.” 
He rendered her utterly speechless as he grabbed her shoulders. He lowered his head and stared into her eyes, saying, “How about we do the workout you were thinking about earlier? Are you up for a two–person exercise?” 
Jim cursed inwardly, ‘What did I do to deserve this? I wouldn’t have leaped in through the window if I’d known this would happen. What’ll I do if they start that so–called two- person workout?‘ 
Bonnie pushed Ivor aside and said, exasperated, “Grow up, will you?” 
Ivor responded matter–of–factly, “I’m a mature grown–up when you’re not around.” 
“Are you trying to gaslight me?” 
“No, not at all. It’s my fault for being unable to control myself around you.” 
C 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 274
hapter 274 
Bonnie felt slightly overwhelmed by Ivor’s sweet talk, but she was not disgusted. In other words, she did nothing because Ivor was the one who said it. If it were anyone else, she would have beat them up. 
She was still in her thoughts when Ivor noticed the closed window. “It’s still bright outside. Why would you shut the window? Wait a minute. You closed the curtains, too.” 
At that moment, he also noticed a faint footprint on the floor. Moreover, it evidently belonged to a man. Coldness flashed in Ivor’s eyes as he traced the footprint and realized they disappeared under the bed. 
Simultaneously, Bonnie sensed his unusual behavior and noticed the footprints on the 
floor. 
“This is bad!‘ 
Jim’s shoes left stains on the floor because it had just rained earlier. Before Bonnie knew it, Ivor approached the bedside. She darted over and blocked him, saying, “I’m tired and need to sleep now. You should probably leave.” 
Ivor glared at her and asked, “Are you hiding someone?” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched again. “Don’t put it that way.” 
“Is it a guy?” Ivor questioned, his voice growing colder. 
“It’s not what you think.” Bonnie’s brows furrowed. 
He motioned to walk past her and check under the bed, but she spread her arms and stopped him. 
“Let me through, Bonnie.” Although Ivor was furious, he could not aim his anger at her. He feared hurting her if he lost his cool. 
“You can leave now, Ivor.‘ 
11 
“I’ve had it, Bonnie! Am I not enough for you?!” Ivor quivered with rage. 
“I told you it’s not what you think.” 
“I don’t want to hear it! I’ll see who’s hiding under your bed.” With that, he pulled her 
aside and lifted the bedsheet, causing it to fall over the edge of the bed. 
Chapter 274 
While Bonnie grabbed Ivor’s arms to try and stop him, Jim realized they were about to start fighting and crawled out from under the bed. 
“I knew it was you!” 
Bonnie stood beside Jim and asked, “Why did you come out?!” 
Jim shrugged helplessly. “You two might start trading punches if I didn’t. I don’t want you two to have a fallout because of me. Otherwise, I’d become a homewrecker.” 
Ivor sized him up and asked, “Who are you, really?” 
Jim glanced at Bonnie, saying, “Considering the mess we’re in now, it’d be disrespectful of us to keep hiding the truth from Ivor. What do you think, Bonnie?” 
After some thought, Bonnie nodded. 
“Perfect.” Jim entered the bathroom and said, “Just give me a minute. I’ll be out before you know it.” 
Meanwhile, Floyd heard the commotion and rushed over to check on them. When he arrived, he saw the mess in the room and asked, “Wh–what’s going on here?” 
Bonnie glanced at him and said, “We’ve been discovered.” 
“What are you talking about-” Before Floyd could finish, he realized something, and hist eyes widened in shock. 
‘Do I even need to ask? What else can it be?‘ 
Suddenly, Floyd began to sweat and tremble when he sensed someone glaring daggers at him. He turned slowly and met Ivor’s burning gaze. 
Ivor questioned imposingly, “You knew?” 
Floyd gulped, and the bathroom door opened. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 275
Chapter 275 
Ivor froze when he saw Jim’s true face. “I–It’s you.” 
Jim lowered his head and said, “I’m sorry for keeping this a secret from you for so long.” 
“Why would you–” Before Ivor could finish, Jim interjected, “I told you Bonnie saved my life. I came here to keep her safe with Ms. Bonita’s say–so.” 
Jim purposefully phrased it that way as he knew about Ivor’s suspicions. Ultimately, the former decided to nip it in the bud. 
Bonnie looked at Jim, hinting that he did an excellent job. The latter nodded with humor in his eyes. Of course, he had a perfect response up his sleeve. After all, he had some time to kill in the bathroom. 
Although Bonnie and Jim exchanged looks in front of the other two, they were subtle. It was a synergy the two had cultivated throughout the years. 
Ivor looked at Bonnie and apologized, “I’m sorry for misunderstanding the situation.” 
“I can’t blame you. I would’ve told you about Jim earlier, but I couldn’t afford to expose his real identity. There would have been consequences if I did.” Bonnie would be lying if she said she did not feel guilty when speaking. 
She added, “Hmmm, how should I put it? It’s my fault for not coming clean sooner. I’m genuinely sorry about that. How about I take you to karaoke tomorrow? I’ll reserve a private room.” 
Ivor gleamed with excitement. ‘A private room for just two of us?” 
He nodded, saying, “Sure. Grandpa said he’d host a farewell party for you tomorrow afternoon. We can go for karaoke at night.” 
“All right.” Bonnie nodded. 
Almost everyone from the Knight family attended the farewell party the following day. Sigmund looked around and frowned, asking, “Willard, where’s your fourth brother?” 
Willard put down his fork and knife before replying, “I just texted him this morning. He said he’d be back after wrapping up his filming.” 
Bonnie heard the exchange and felt mildly surprised. She leaned over to Ivor and 
whispered, “Is your fourth uncle an actor?” 
Although she had been engaged to Ivor for some time, she had never met his fourth 
unde 
Ivor anwered, “That uncle of mine made his debut long ago. It just so happened that he flew overseas to shoot a film before we got engaged. That’s why you’ve never met him 
“Oh, that makes sense ” 
Ivor soddenly added, “Perhaps it’s a good thing you’ve never met him.” 
“What do you mean?” Bonnie was bewildered. 
hvor frowned. “My fourth uncle is too handsome for his own good. 
Bonnie was speechless. She never imagined that would be the reason. It turned out Ivor was even capable of getting jealous of his uncle. She said, “I have no idea who he is or how he looks. There’s nothing to be jealous abor 
A moment later, she received a text from one of her friends, Orphicus. “Hey, Borwick, I’l return to Pyralis in a few days. How about we meet up for a drink? 
Bonnie repland, “Are you finished filming?” 
*Yeah, we just wrapped up a minute ago.” 
“You should meet up with your family first. 
“I’m not as close to them as I am with you. It’s settled, then. I’ll see you in a bar in a few days, Bornwick 
After some thought, the replied, “That’s Saturday, right? It’ll work for me 
Suddenly, Ivor asked, displeased, “Who are you texting?” 
“Oh, just a friend “She tucked away her phone. Then, she saw Ivor’s expression and gursued what he was about to ask her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 276
Chapter 276 
Knowing what Ivor was about to say, Bonnie explained, “He’s just a friend, you know? We’ve known each other for years, nothing more than that.” 
Ivor chuckled in amusement, saying, “I love it when you explain yourself so earnestly.” 
“I bet you do,” Bonnie muttered. 
At the karaoke place, Ivor was displeased as he watched Floyd and Jim singing in the private room. Even Heath, Hamish, Benedict, Kay, and Avril were present. 
Ivor resentfully said, “I thought we agreed that only two of us would be here.” 
Bonnie’s eyes sparkled as she smirked. “I never said it would just be us.” 
Ivor sighed in resignation while Bonnie observed his reaction. She found it increasingly amusing. 
Avril leaned in, her cheeks flushed red as she asked, “Bonnie, how do you know Jim?” 
Bonnie’s ears perked up, excited to gossip. “You don’t like Jim, do you?” 
“No, that’s not it! You’re so mean, Bonnie. Don’t tease me like that.” Avril covered her face and discreetly glanced at Jim. 
Bonnie stood up and said, “I see. I’ll be a matchmaker for you two. 
11 
“Wait, no, no, no!” Avril pulled Bonnie back onto the couch. “Stop teasing me. If you don’t know, I feel pretty troubled.‘ 
11 
“What’s wrong? Why are you so upset?” Bonnie urged. 
Avril sighed, saying, “My dad’s company just developed a new product, and we planned to get a big celebrity endorsement. But our rivals, the Moss family, are trying to snatch that celebrity from us. 
11 
“You mean the Moss family’s Moss Group?” Bonnie recalled vaguely. 
“That’s them.” 
Bonnie remembered Tang Fusion Studios trying to collaborate with Moss group, only to get rejected. Although Tang Fusion Studios grew rapidly in just a month, Moss Group claimed the former had missed out. Afterward, Tang Fusion Studios refused to 
collaborate with them. 
Bonnie said, “I remember the Moss‘ overall influence surpassing your family’s. So, they poached the celebrity before your family could?” 
“Yeah, that’s right.” Avril’s brows furrowed as she sighed. 
“Which celebrity was your company going for?” Bonnie asked. “I have a friend who’s a big star, too. His status in the industry is pretty high, too. Has your chosen celebrity signed the contract with the Moss family yet?” 
“Probably not,” Avril sounded uncertain, “I heard he was filming abroad but will be back in a couple of days.” 
Bonnie frowned. After some thought, she asked, “Is the celebrity you mentioned an award–winning actor and singer? Is his name Orpheus?” 
“Yeah, that’s him! How’d you guess?” 
Bonnie was speechless for a moment. Then, she said, “That’s quite a coincidence. He happens to be the friend I mentioned earlier.” 
Avril’s jaw dropped. Previously, she would have thought Bonnie was joking again. However, after learning about Bonnie’s medical skills, Avril no longer dared to doubt her best friend’s words. 
“Y–You know Orpheus?” 
“Of course I do. Why would I lie?” Bonnie shrugged. 
Avril felt even more convinced as she looked at Bonnie’s sincere demeanor. The former asked, “How’d you two meet?” 
“Well…” After some hesitation, Bonnie whispered, “I can tell you, but you mustn’t tell anyone else.” 
The prospect of hearing a secret piqued Avril’s gossip -loving heart. “Tell me, tell me! Don’t worry. I promise not to tell anyone.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 277
Chapter 277 
hadn’t realized it and saved him in time, he would have been in serious ? Bonnie 
“When Orpheus attended a wrap party, a female actress from his cast drugged him. If I 
recounted. 
“Wow, that’s shocking!” Avril exclaimed and then whispered, “How’d you find out?” 
“It was pure luck. I was at the right place at the right time.” 
“But you’re not an actress. Why were you at a wrap party?” 
“Although I’m not an actress, I’m-” 
Ivor tapped Bonnie’s shoulder and interrupted, “They’ve picked more songs to sing. It’s our turn now. How about we sing a duet?” 
Heath added, “Yeah, you never sing whenever you come to a karaoke session, Bonnie. You don’t have to feel embarrassed. We’re all friends here. Even if you sing horribly, we won’t laugh at you, at least not too hard.” 
Kay also wanted to hear Bonnie sing. The former said, “You should just sing, Bonnie. My voice isn’t any good either, but no one cares. Just sing your heart out and let the others suffer. Come on, let’s sing a duet.” 
Immediately after, Kay saw Ivor’s unfriendly gaze. After all, he had not sung with his fiancee yet, but Kaywanted to cut in. Kay met Ivor’s eyes and stuck out her tongue before stepping away. 
“Fine, I’ll sing.” Bonnie reluctantly stood up, took the microphone, and walked to the 
front with Ivor. 
Heath sat at the song selection table and asked, “What song would you like, Bonnie?” 
Bonnie glanced at Ivor mischievously. “Let’s sing ‘Brothers.“” 
“Hahaha!” Heath burst into laughter, looking at the scowling Ivor. 
Ivor said, “Put on Lovers instead.” 
“Okay, Lovers, it is.” Heath gestured OK. 
“If these two get together, they should never forget me, their matchmaker.‘ 
Bonnie did not refuse and sang Lovers with Ivor. Her voice was melodious and sweet, 
Chapter 277
while his voice was deep and resonant. Everyone had goosebumps as their voices. harmonized. It was as if they were made for each other. 
“I didn’t expect Bonnie to sing so well,” Heath said, slightly disappointed. He wanted to mock her but could not. 
Meanwhile, Kay said admiringly, “Bonnie’s a master of everything she does.” 
When the couple finished singing, they exchanged glances and saw a mutual admiration in each other’s eyes. Then, they returned to the sofa and sat beside each other. 
Kay said, “Bonnie, you sang beautifully. Now I’m too embarrassed to sing.” 
Although she said that, it did not stop her from quickly grabbing the microphone and singing loudly. Lights flickered, and voices mingled in the private room. 
Ivor glanced at Bonnie and gulped involuntarily. A moment later, he kissed the side of her lips. 
Bonnie turned sharply and asked, “What are you doing?” 
“Shh.” Ivor put a finger to his lips, saying, “Keep it down. I don’t want them to know I 
you can’t.‘ kissed you. I may be able to handle the embarrassment, but 
Bonnie rolled her eyes. “So, you’re aware of how shameless you are?” 
Ivor chuckled. “How would I pursue you if I wasn’t?” 
Bonnie did not want to indulge him, so she moved aside and kept her distance from him. Bonnie did not want to indulge him, s 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 278
Chapter 278 
Whenever Bonnie moved away an inch, Ivor would get closer by two. Ultimately, Bonnie reached the edge of the sofa’s armrest, unable to move further. She even considered 
resorting to violence if Ivor dared to push it further. 
Thankfully, he only drank one glass after another. 
Bonnie asked, “Why are you drinking so much?” 
Ivor looked at her with intoxicated eyes. He chuckled and said, “You’ll have to care for me when I’m drunk.” 
Bonnie began to admire his shamelessness. 
Everyone continued to enjoy singing while Ivor got drunk. Soon after, Jim approached Bonnie and joked about the unconscious Ivor, “I think he did that on purpose.” 
“I think so, too,” Heath said, stroking his chin, “Bonnie, are you going to take care of him?” 
“He’s a fool if he thinks I’ll do that,” Bonnie said before telling Floyd, “You take him 
home.” 
Floyd covered his mouth and acted as if he was about to vomit. “I–I drank too much. I think I’m about to puke.” 
Bonnie could only sigh. Half an hour later, she brought her fiance back home. Although she could help him into the house, she could not carry him upstairs. 
“It looks like I’ll have to bridal carry you,” Bonnie muttered and then wrapped one arm around Ivor’s neck and slid her other arm under his knees. 
Suddenly, Ivor opened his eyes and said, “No need. I can go up myself. 
11 
As a sturdy six–footer, he could not allow a woman to bridal carry him up the stairs as it 
would taint his reputation. 
Bonnie squinted at him and asked, “Were you faking it? 
“No, I just sobered up,” Ivor said without a hint of lying. 
The following day, Bonnie started packing early in the morning to leave. After packing, 
2/2 
she hurried to school. Once she arrived, Avril held her hand and chatted away, “Bonnie, what major did you sign up for?” 
“Computer science.” 
“That’s a coincidence. So did I.” 
During their conversation, many people looked at Bonnie. 
“She’s even prettier than our campus belle, Selina.” 
“I never liked Selina. She has too many men around her. I won’t be surprised if that girl snatches the campus belle title from Selina.” 
“Huh? Don’t you think she looks familiar?” 
“Someone familiar? Like who?” 
“That rumored good for nothing daughter of the Shepard family.” 
Now that you mentioned it, she does look familiar. I was there when Trina and Hadwin got engaged. That girl is Bonnie, the Shepards‘ legitimate heiress they disowned.” 
“If that’s the case, the campus belle title is still up for grabs.” 
“Not necessarily. Bonnie may not be skillful, but she’s undeniably beautiful.” Meanwhile, an innocent–looking girl in a classroom on the third floor glared at Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 279
Chapter 279 
Trina stood beside the girl who was glaring at Bonnie. The former said, “Selina, you’ve been the campus belle for two years. I don’t think you can keep it this year.” 
Selina retorted, displeased, “Why do you sound so proud? You and Bonnie have never gotten along. Do you mean you’ll be happy for Bonnie if she gets attention?” 
“Don’t speak so harshly, Selina. I’m here to give you advice. Bonnie’s just a nobody who got into Pyralis University with luck. 
“On the other hand, you’re a member of the pianists association. All you have to do is challenge her with a piano. Once everyone hears how bad Bonnie plays, their impression of her will disappear.” 
“Do you think I’m stupid? You’re just using me. Bonnie’s the legitimate heiress of the Shepard family, while you’re just a fake. You’re just trying to secure your fake heiress position.” 
Trina balled her fists and suppressed her anger before saying, “It doesn’t matter whether or not my advice benefits either of us. What matters is that we have a common enemy in Bonnie. She’ll outshine your looks if you don’t follow my instructions.” 
“Hmph, outshine me? She’ll outshine you by several times, too!” 
“Selina, there’s no point arguing with each other. Do you find happiness in ridiculing me?” Trina could not stand Selina’s poor behavior. 
Selina scoffed at Trina, then glanced back down at the gorgeous Bonnie. Selina clicked her tongue, saying, “Hadwin must be blind.” 
“Selina Pearson!” Trina exclaimed through gritted teeth. 
Selina said, “Fine, I’ll stop arguing with you. Does Bonnie not know how to play the piano? I need to be sure. I can’t afford to embarrass myself, after all.‘” 
Although she was a member of the pianist association, she was just scraping by. 
“Why would I lie to you? Bonnie’s a country bumpkin. She can’t afford to pay for piano lessons. I bet she’s never touched a piano in her life. My mom enrolled Bonnie in piano lessons when she first brought Bonnie home. 
“Bonnie claimed that only the president of the pianist association could guide her. She said others weren’t qualified to teach her and that taking classes would be a waste of 
Chapter 279 
money. My mom was furious. I remember that vividly.” 
Selina’s eyes widened as she said, “No wonder your family hates Bonnie so much. She sure can talk a good game.” 
Trina opened her phone to show Selina something. The former said, “Let’s stop wasting time. I checked the school forum, and the campus belle competition has already started. Bonnie’s vote has already exceeded yours.” 
The phone showed that Selina had 598 votes and Bonnie had 672. 
Selina felt a sense of crisis and rushed to prepare to challenge Bonnie. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie, sitting in the classroom, sneezed. “Achoo!” 
Avril joked, “One sneeze means someone’s thinking about you, and two means they’re cursing you. I wonder who it could be. Hehehe.” 
Bonnie flicked Avril’s forehead and said, “With that logic, someone was thinking of Jim since he sneezed yesterday.” 
“Wh–what do you mean?! What do Jim’s sneezes have to do with me? You and Hamish are different. You guys are 
31 
“Achoo!” Bonnie sneezed again and shrugged. “Now that’s two sneezes. It looks like someone’s cursing me.” 
Chapter 280 
Avril tugged at Bonnie’s sleeve and raised her chin toward the window, saying, “She must be the one cursing you.” 
“Who is she?” Bonnie asked curiously. 
Avril’s eyes widened. “You don’t know her? She’s Selina Pearson, our campus belle. So many people around you are discussing yours and Selina’s rivalry for the campus belle title, yet you don’t even know what your opponent looks like.” 
“Her appearance has nothing to do with me,” Bonnie said indifferently, “Besides, I’m not interested in becoming the campus belle.” 
Avril looked at Selina, who approached them. The former sneered, saying, “You might not be interested, but she is. You’re already a threat to her. Today’s challenge might be tough for you.” 
The closer Selina got to Bonnie, the more disheartened the former felt. Selina thought she was attractive and more beautiful than most of the starlets in the entertainment 
industry, not to mention her elegance. 
However, she paled in comparison to Bonnie. No wonder everyone voted for her, event though they knew she was a nobody. 
Selina asked, “Bonnie, I heard you’re an excellent piano player. How about we play a piece together?” 
Bonnie rested her chin on her hand, looking uninterested. “I won’t participate in the campus belle competition. You can play by yourself.” 
‘Play? She’s treating the competition as child’s play! Is she implying she’s too beautiful to bother competing?!‘ 
Selina sighed and forced a smile, saying, “As your senior, I would like for you to support me a little.” 
“Are you worth supporting?” Bonnie remained indifferent. 
Selina finally understood why Trina took the initiative to advise her on how to deal with Bonnie. It seemed Bonnie’s words were infuriating. Selina guessed Bonnie often verbally 
attacked Trina. 
With that in mind, Selina felt slightly relieved. She said, “If you don’t want to compete 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 280
Chapter 280 
Avril tugged at Bonnie’s sleeve and raised her chin toward the window, saying, “She must be the one cursing you.” 
“Who is she?” Bonnie asked curiously. 
Avril’s eyes widened. “You don’t know her? She’s Selina Pearson, our campus belle. So many people around you are discussing yours and Selina’s rivalry for the campus belle title, yet you don’t even know what your opponent looks like.” 
“Her appearance has nothing to do with me,” Bonnie said indifferently, “Besides, I’m not interested in becoming the campus belle.” 
Avril looked at Selina, who approached them. The former sneered, saying, “You might not be interested, but she is. You’re already a threat to her. Today’s challenge might be tough for you.” 
The closer Selina got to Bonnie, the more disheartened the former felt. Selina thought she was attractive and more beautiful than most of the starlets in the entertainment 
industry, not to mention her elegance. 
However, she paled in comparison to Bonnie. No wonder everyone voted for her, even though they knew she was a nobody. 
Selina asked, “Bonnie, I heard you’re an excellent piano player. How about we play a piece together?” 
Bonnie rested her chin on her hand, looking uninterested. “I won’t participate in the campus belle competition. You can play by yourself.” 
‘Play? She’s treating the competition as child’s play! Is she implying she’s too beautiful to bother competing?!‘ 
Selina sighed and forced a smile, saying, “As your senior, I would like for you to support me a little.” 
“Are you worth supporting?” Bonnie remained indifferent. 
Selina finally understood why Trina took the initiative to advise her on how to deal with Bonnie. It seemed Bonnie’s words were infuriating. Selina guessed Bonnie often verbally attacked Trina. 
With that in mind, Selina felt slightly relieved. She said, “If you don’t want to compete 
Chapter 260 
2/2 
today, I’ll find you tomorrow, the day after that, and the day after that. I’ll keep coming until you’re willing to compete.” 
“That’s horrible!‘ Avril exclaimed inwardly. 
“Selina, who told you Bonnie is a good piano player? She never learned to play, yet you’re forcing her to compete. What are your intentions? Do you want to embarrass her?” 
Selina said confidently, “Trina said her mom once enrolled Bonnie in piano lessons, and she played exceptionally well. Of course, I had to challenge her. If I don’t take it seriously, others might think I admit to not being as good as her.” 
Trina, who had secretly followed Selina, sneered. 
The former had planned to use Selina to cause trouble for Bonnie on her first day in school. Ultimately, bad rumors would spread about Bonnie. Moreover, Trina could then take the opportunity to harass Bonnie. 
However, Trina did not expect Selina to throw her under the bus. 
“I–I was just asking if you dared to compete. As your senior, I don’t want to force you. If you don’t want to compete, then admit on the school forum that your piano skills are not as good as mine.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 281
Chapter 281 
Avril, fearing Bonnie might agree under provocation, quickly pulled Bonnie away. Bonnie, let’s not bother with her. We’d fall for her provocation if we agreed to the challenge.” 
Bonnie shrugged it off. “I’m not stupid. I can tell she’s trying to provoke me. Why should I bother competing with a clown like her? It’s embarrassing.” 
“Exactly. Come on, let’s go to the convenience store. I’ll treat you to ice cream,” Avril said, pulling Bonnie outside. 
Selina was seething with anger, her fingertips trembling. Watching Bonnie leave and feeling everyone around her laughing at her, she felt like Bonnie described her. She was just a clown. 
“Bonnie, aren’t you afraid that by avoiding the challenge, rumors will spread that your country bumpkin parents didn’t give you anything and that their daughter is naturally useless?” Selina taunted. 
Bonnie suddenly stopped in her tracks, turning to look at Selina with ice–cold eyes. 
This look made Selina shiver. 
“Do you care that much about being the campus belle?” Bonnie asked coldly. 
Selina’s mouth hung open as she looked at Bonnie’s expressionless face. She felt like Bonnie didn’t care about the campus belle competition. 
“For the sake of a campus belle title, you’re willing to insult someone’s parents? Don’t you have any decency as a student who got into the academy?” Bonnie continued sternly. 
Selina’s mouth grew wider as the surrounding voices began to stir. 
“Selina’s behavior is indeed disgraceful. Despite being a senior and occupying the campus belle position for two years, she’s jealous of the new freshman’s beauty. To provoke her into a challenge, she even insults her background, which she can’t control.” 
“What’s wrong with being from the countryside? Most of the students who get into the academy come from rural areas. Rural folk rely on our efforts, burning the midnight oil every night to get in. Unlike some wealthy kids who only know how to live lavishly and arrogantly, relying on their families to get into the academy. What gives?” 
“That’s right. I’m grateful to the person who suggested abolishing the backdoor 
Chapter 281 
2/2 
admissions policy. It’s fantastic! If he’s willing to become our academy’s president in the future, I fully support it.” 
“Me too.” 
“I second that.” 
“Me too.” 
Selina’s face grew hotter and hotter. She never expected things to escalate like this. 
At this rate, she wouldn’t need to compete with Bonnie in piano to lose completely. 
Even Trina didn’t expect Selina, who seemed extremely cunning, to lose so thoroughly in 
front of Bonnie. 
However, Bonnie spoke up. “All right, I agree to compete with you.” 
Both Selina and Trina were stunned. 
With the current situation, Bonnie was already in a winning position, and the campus belle title was guaranteed to fall to her. Bonnie didn’t have to agree to the piano competition. She was just digging a hole to bury herself. 
Even Avril was startled. “Bonnie, do you know what you’re saying? Don’t act on impulse! We’re in a strong position now.” 
“I know, but I can’t tolerate someone casually insulting my parents. If it were you, and someone insulted your parents, could you just accept it?” Bonnie looked at Avril seriously. 
The question stumped Avril. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 282
Chapter 282 
She couldn’t tolerate it either. 
“But-“Avril frowned, whispering in Bonnie’s ear, “Selina isn’t just good at playing the piano. She’s also a member of the Pyralian Pianists Association.” 
“She?” Bonnie paused momentarily, carefully scrutinizing Selina’s face, “How come I don’t remember such a person in the Pyralian Pianists Association?” 
“Huh? You remember? What do you mean by that? Don’t tell me you know people from the Pyralian Pianists Association?” Avril was somewhat bewildered. 
Bonnie scrutinized Selina again. Indeed, she didn’t have any impression of this person. 
“She shouldn’t be a core member of the Pyralian Pianists Association, right?” 
“That’s true, she isn’t. I heard she got in as the last one. But even if she’s at the bottom, it’s still our city’s Pyralian Pianists Association! It can’t compare to the Pyralian Pianists 
t compare t 
Associations in small towns.” 
“No wonder I haven’t seen this person before,” Bonnie muttered. 
Eight years ago, Elliana brought her into the Pyralian Pianists Association’s hall, challenging all the core members and winning without surprise. From that moment on, Elliana insisted on passing her legacy to her. 
Selina stepped forward, facing Bonnie. “Are you going to compete with me?” 
Bonnie’s expression was cold. “What’s the point of saying that? Didn’t you come prepared?” 
“You-” Selina choked again, her face turning purple, grinding her teeth, “Fine, you asked for it!” 
Ten minutes later, this attracted almost all the school’s students. 
“Did you hear? Selina, the campus belle, wants to have a piano competition with the new freshman.” 
“Selina isn’t even that pretty. She should hand over the campus belle title. Why make things difficult for a first–year student?” 
“Exactly. Why compete with a first–year student on playing piano when she knows she’s good? Isn’t this bullying?” 
Chapter 283 
There were voices supporting Bonnie and those supporting Selina. 
“Being pretty doesn’t make someone a campus belle. They also need to excel in academics and morals. Haven’t you heard about Bonnie? She got kicked out of the Shepard family because of her terrible character, causing a big uproar.” 
“Not only that, I also heard she has a sugar daddy, and it is an old man. I can’t stand it. She’s willing to sell her soul and body for the sake of some material possessions. I can’t stand someone like her becoming the campus belle of our school.” 
“You’re right. Our school is one of the top three schools in the country. If outsiders find. out that we’ve chosen such a morally corrupt person as our campus belle, our school will become the laughingstock of everyone.” 
This matter escalated more and more. 
In the Student Council office, the Pyralis University Student Council vice president, Daniel Humphrey, busied himself with the school forum. 
“Coleman, don’t just focus on reading music scores; occasionally indulge in worldly affairs. Look at the campus belle election and piano competition. How exciting. Our school hasn’t been this lively in a long time.” 
Coleman, sitting opposite him, was graceful and unparalleled in the world. Dressed neatly, he had an extraordinary bearing. 
“Piano competition? Did Selina pick a fight on her initiative?” 
“It seems so. 
Coleman sighed slightly, frowning. 
“Selina, after all, is a 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 283
Chapter 283 
“Yeah, I also think it’s not right. But this freshman seems quite extraordinary.” 
Daniel’s words piqued Coleman’s interest. “What do you mean?” 
“I saw it on the forum. Just now, Selina challenged the other party but ended up defeated by just a few words. She already had the upper hand and didn’t need to compete with Selina, yet she volunteered.” 
As Daniel spoke, he handed his phone to Coleman. The text was clear, detailing the whole process, with Selina completely overwhelmed. 
“This girl is quite interesting,” Coleman generously praised. 
“I think so too. Come on, Coleman, let’s go check it out together. The competition later might be even more interesting.” Daniel couldn’t wait to go and see. 
Coleman chuckled and shook his head. “I think you just want to see how good–looking that freshman is, don’t you?” 
“Hehe, you know me too well, Coleman. I’m still single, and if this freshman’s personality matches mine and she’s within my aesthetic range, I’ll pursue her.” 
Coleman wasn’t one to join in the excitement easily, but he thought that he might encounter her at the school since today was the first day of school. 
Before long, they arrived at the venue of the competition, the music hall. 
At first glance, Coleman saw Bonnie on the stage. 
“Is that her?” 
Daniel turned his head in confusion, “Do you know that new freshman?” 
Coleman nodded, his eyes fixed on the beautiful figure on stage without blinking. 
“Coleman, your expression… Do you like her?” Daniel sniffed at Coleman. 
Coleman’s face instantly turned red, his eyes flickering. “Wha–what are you talking 
about?” 
“Come on, don’t deny it. Your face is all red, and you’re stuttering. You weren’t like this before! Come on, we’re brothers!” Daniel draped his arm over Coleman’s shoulder. 
“It’s not like that.” 
Chapter 283 
2/2 
“Is that so? Since you said it’s not, then I’m relieved.” 
“Relieved? About what?” Coleman was a bit puzzled. 
“Relieved so I can pursue her! Didn’t I say earlier that this freshman’s personality suits. me, and now that I see she’s so beautiful, of course, I’m going to pursue her.” 
Coleman’s pupils dilated instantly, and after two seconds of silence, he spoke, “I advise. you to give up on that idea as soon as possible.” 
Daniel chuckled. “What’s wrong? Feeling jealous? If you like her, just admit it. I won’t compete with you.” 
“That’s not the reason. It’s just that you’re not worthy of her,” Coleman said seriously. 
Daniel paused for a moment before jumping up. “Damn! You look down on me. You know my family background, and besides, my achievements are outstanding. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be in the position of vice president. Look at my appearance. I could even enter the entertainment industry. And yet, you say I’m not good enough for her.” 
“You’ll find out soon enough.” Coleman didn’t explain further, shifting his gaze away from Daniel and back to Bonnie. 
On stage, Selina lightly tapped the piano keys and turned to Bonnie. “Will you go first, or should I?” 
“It doesn’t matter,” Bonnie said indifferently. 
“Then, you go first.’I’m afraid that after I finish playing, you’ll feel embarrassed and won’t want to play anymore.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 284
Chapter 284 
If that happened, she wouldn’t witness Bonnie making a fool of herself. 
“Sure.” Bonnie approached the piano and sat down, her slender fingers gently landing 
on the keys. 
She closed her eyes and slowly opened them, raising her hands gracefully before swiftly striking the piano keys. Sometimes fast as lightning, occasionally slow and lyrical, the sound of the piano echoed in the hearts of everyone present. 
In just a few breaths, everyone in the room was completely immersed in Bonnie’s piano performance. 
They heard the thunder and lightning of a stormy day, the sound of raindrops, the sound of water dripping from the eaves, the sound of the lake’s surface. Various sounds constantly formed images in their minds. 
With a dong, all the sounds abruptly stopped, followed by the image of birds chirping after the rain. A rainbow appeared, white clouds drifting in the blue sky. 
The lingering sound filled the room as the piece ended, leaving a lasting impression. 
The hall was so quiet that you could almost hear a pin drop. 
Selina’s mouth hung open, unable to close it for a while, clearly astonished by Bonnie’s piano skills. 
Daniel dryly swallowed saliva, then turned to Coleman beside him, “Geez! Why does it feel like her piano skills are even better than yours?” 
Daniel finally understood what Coleman had said earlier. He wasn’t a match for Bonnie. 
“It is.” Coleman’s smile was as warm, his gaze never leaving Bonnie throughout. 
Suddenly, Daniel remembered something, and he stared at Coleman with widened eyes. I remember you once said that among your peers, you wouldn’t acknowledge anyone except for one person in terms of piano. 
“Not only you but your juniors acknowledged the person as worthy of inheriting the Pyralian Pianists Association’s president position. That person can’t be Bonnie, right?!” 
Coleman nodded. 
Daniel was shocked to the core by receiving this affirmative answer, and then he gasped, 
Chapter 284 
looking at Selina with an expression full of sympathy. 
“This campus belle kicked the iron board today. If she knew she had challenged the future president of the Pyralian Pianists Association, I wonder how she would feel.” 
Impressive! 
Bonnie was incredibly impressive! 
Avril was now a full–fledged fan of Bonnie, a legendary figure who was also a genius pianist. Bonnie was truly amazing. 
Trina was completely dumbfounded, feeling utterly embarrassed. 
With Bonnie’s performance like this, no one would say she was worthless. 
2/2 
It turned out everything Bonnie said before was true. Vera wanted to enroll her, but she said only the president of the Pyralian Pianists Association could give her guidance, and no one else had the qualifications. 
‘Damn it! Damn it!‘ Trina clenched her fists tightly, her nails almost embedding into her palms. 
She didn’t understand why Bonnie had it all. A lowlife like Bonnie should be crushed 
under her feet. 
Bonnie turned to the stunned Selina. “Now that I’m done, it’s your turn.” 
At these words, Selina’s pupils suddenly dilated. 
She didn’t dare to go up, didn’t dare to perform. The difference in skill level was too great. If she went up to perform, she would undoubtedly be a clown. 
However, there was one thing she couldn’t understand. 
“What piece did you play? How come I’ve never heard of it before?” With Selina’s question, Coleman realized he had never heard this piece. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 285
Chapter 285 
Everyone was bewildered. That meant that Bonnie made the piece up. That didn’t make sense because it sounded so good. 
Although most of them present didn’t understand the piano, they could still recognize good music. 
They didn’t think that such beautiful music could be produced by playing at random. It was not something they could do. 
Bonnie replied casually, “Last night, there was a heavy rainstorm, and it sparked my inspiration, leading to the creation of the piece I just played.“” 
‘What?! She composed the piece herself?! She created this just because she listened to a heavy rainstorm last night. There’s not even a draft!‘ 
The people present were shocked by Bonnie’s words, but at the same time, they didn’t doubt their truthfulness. They had heard the thunderous rain and the subsequent calm in Bonnie’s piano performance. 
Selina stared blankly at Bonnie, unsure how to react. 
“Why aren’t you going yet? Get on with it. Don’t waste my time,” Bonnie urged impatiently. 
Selina bit her lower lip hard, her face growing redder by the moment. 
Bonnie frowned. “Are you going to play or not?” 
“I-” Selina clenched her fists tightly, unable to utter a word for a long time. 
Coleman squeezed to the front just then, causing many girls to swoon. 
“It’s Coleman! He’s here!” 
“Wow! Coleman is as handsome and elegant as ever!” 
Selina’s gaze immediately fell on Coleman, almost on the verge of tears. 
She wondered if he had seen everything. She felt so embarrassed. 
The most painful thing in the world was embarrassing oneself in front of the person they 
liked. 
“Cole 
“Cole-” 
Chapter 285 
Before Selina could finish speaking, Coleman’s voice interrupted her. “Bonnie, long time. 
no see.” 
Upon hearing the familiar voice, Bonnie turned her head and smiled upon seeing Coleman’s gentle figure among the crowd. “Yeah, long time no see. 
Coleman looked at the smile on the girl’s face, feeling his heartbeat quicken involuntarily. “Do you want to grab a drink together?” 
“Sure, but you’re treating,” Bonnie said as she stepped down from the stage. 
“Of course, my treat, as always.” Coleman smiled warmly. 
Then, the two of them left together side by side. 
Selina clenched her fists tighter, nails unknowingly digging into her palms. 
Trina walked out from the side, looking at Bonnie’s figure. She felt a growing sense of horror but also extremely fortunate in her heart. 
She was glad that Bonnie had already been kicked out of the Shepard family, that Bonnie and the Shepard family had reached such a deadlock that there was almost no chance of reconciliation. 
Coleman kept stealing glances at Bonnie, his face growing redder. 
“What have you been busy with lately?” 
“The usual, just doing some research.” 
“Sorry I didn’t have a chance to congratulate you on your successful research recently.” 
“No need to apologize. Weren’t you coincidentally overseas during the press conference, participating in a competition?” 
Daniel had been secretly observing Coleman, feeling emotional. He wondered how the girls from the Pyralis University would feel, knowing that their campus heartthrob was secretly in love with Bonnie. 
With a twinkle in his eye, Daniel struck up a conversation with Bonnie. 
“Hey, freshman, do you have a boyfriend?” 
Coleman immediately became nervous at Daniel’s question, not knowing where to put his hands. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 286
Chapter 286 
In Bonnie’s mind floated the occasional mischievous image of Ivor, almost causing her to burst into laughter. 
“Boyfriend… I haven’t reached that stage with him yet.” 
At the words, Daniel secretly clicked his tongue, glancing at Coleman and catching a glimpse of disappointment on his face. 
“Is he handsome? Does he compare to our campus heartthrob, Coleman?” 
Bonnie thought momentarily, then replied seriously, “They’re not the same type.” 
The answer was obvious. The one pursuing Bonnie wasn’t lacking in looks. 
At that moment, the school bell rang. 
Simultaneously, Bonnie’s phone also rang, displaying Orpheus’s name. 
“I’m outside your school gate. Are you coming out?” 
“You’re punctual,” Bonnie teased. 
“Of course, please call me the Punctuality King.” 
After hanging up, Bonnie looked at Coleman and Daniel. “My friend’s here to pick me up, so I’ll be leaving.“. 
“Okay,” Coleman replied, somewhat disappointed. He had wanted to invite Bonnie to 
dinner and hang out. 
Daniel watched Bonnie’s departing figure and put his arm around Coleman’s, shoulder. 
“Do you think the person coming to pick up Bonnie is the one chasing her?” 
“How would I know?” 
“Then why stand around? Let’s go and see!” 
Coleman hesitated. “Isn’t that a bit inappropriate?” 
“What’s inappropriate about it? We’re leaving school anyway, and we just happen to see Bonnie’s boyfriend coming to pick her up. Everything’s just perfect. Let’s go.” 
So, persuaded by Daniel, Coleman headed toward the school gate. 
Chapter266 
212 
Soon enough, they spotted the car coming to pick up Bonnie, a Mercedes Benz that was quite common. 
The window rolled down, revealing a man wearing sunglasses in the driver’s seat. His full appearance couldn’t be discerned, but from what was visible, he was undoubtedly 
handsome. 
“Not only is he handsome, but his aura is also exceptional!” Daniel gave high praise. 
Coleman nodded in agreement. “He’s no ordinary person.” 
Orpheus’s gaze bypassed Bonnie and landed on Coleman. “Is he the one you mentioned before, the one you’re engaged to?” 
“No, he’s not.” 
“He is, and I think he’s quite something.” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at Orpheus. “My lifelong happiness doesn’t need your concern. You better worry about yourself. You’re almost forty and still don’t have a girlfriend.” 
“Hey hey hey! What kind of talk is that? What do you mean by almost forty? I’m only thirty–five and still a handsome guy, you know? Do you know how many fans I have? How many beautiful women call me their husband?” 
A black Maybach pulled up at the school’s entrance as the Benz drove away. 
Floyd looked at the Benz ahead and frowned. “Boss, Ms. Bonnie got into that car ahead. 
Should we follow?” 
“Yes.” The word came out between Ivor’s lips with a hint of coldness. 
Before long, Bonnie and Orpheus arrived at the entrance of a bar, 
Due to Orpheus’s special status, they chose a secluded corner with dim–lighting. 
“Try this wine. It’s the one I stored here two months ago, and I went to great lengths to get it. I’ve been waiting for you to drink it with me.” Orpheus poured a glass for Bonnie. 
Instead of approaching, Ivor chose a nearby corner, silently observing. 
The lighting on Bonnie’s side was dim, making it hard to see the man’s face. However, his silhouette looked very handsome, sparking a sense of crisis in Ivor. 
“Here, have a taste.” Orpheus handed the poured wine to Bonnie. Carelessly, Bonnie didn’t hold it firmly, and the wine spilled on her leg. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 287
Chapter 287 
“Oops, sorry, slippery hands.” Orpheus quickly pulled out a few tissues and reached for Bonnie’s leg. 
In Ivor’s view, this man was taking advantage, obviously seeking trouble. 
Ivor rushed over, without a word, grabbed Orpheus’s shirt, and delivered a punch to his face. 
“Ow!” Orpheus let out a miserable scream as he fell onto the couch. 
“What are you doing?!” Bonnie hurriedly rushed to Orpheus’s side, afraid Ivor would continue to beat him up. 
Ivor’s face was filled with anger. “He was trying to take advantage of you!” 
“Never in my wildest dream! I was just handing her tissues, okay? Ouch, my face hurts. like hell.” Orpheus g***, clutching his face. 
Ivor paused for a moment. That voice sounded familiar. 
Orpheus also paused, realizing that the guy’s voice sounded familiar. 
Then, almost simultaneously, they looked at each other. 
“Uncle Orpheus?” 
“Ivor!” 
Bonnie was also stunned, her gaze shifting between Ivor and Orpheus. 
Surprisingly, she hadn’t noticed before, but now that the two men were side by side, they did look somewhat alike. 
“How do you know my Uncle Orpheus?” 
“How do you know my nephew?” 
These two sentences were almost said at the same time by Ivor and Orpheus. 
After a brief silence, Ivor unceremoniously put his arm around Bonnie’s waist. “Let’s sit down first.” 
Bonnie, speechless, glared at him and tried to grab Ivor’s arm but hesitated. 
Chapter 207 
2/2 
Ivor smiled at Bonnie. “Come on, have a seat.” 
Orpheus stared wide–eyed at Bonnie and Ivor, suddenly realizing something. 
“Oh my God! Is this for real? Bonwick, so you’re the one engaged to my nephew!” 
Bonnie was also quite surprised. “I didn’t expect you to be Ivor’s uncle. Why don’t you have the same last name?” 
“He takes his grandmother’s surname,” Ivor replied. 
“Well, that’s a misunderstanding!” Orpheus touched his swollen face, glaring at Ivor. ” Ivor, hitting your uncle is outrageous! I’m a big star; I rely on my face for a living, and you, you little brat, let me hit you back. Otherwise, I couldn’t let go of this anger!” 
Ivor held the beauty in his arms, feeling good, with a smile. 
“Id 
“I don’t mind you hitting me, but Bonnie might. After all, she has to look at me every day. 
Bonnie and Orpheus fell silent. 
“Let’s just drink.” Orpheus poured Bonnie another glass of wine. “Bonwick, here.” 
Ivor raised an eyebrow. “She’s my fiancée. Calling her Bonwick seems inappropriate, don’t you think?” 
“What’s inappropriate about it? I heard Bonwick is your mom’s junior. Anyway, you’re a generation younger,” Orpheus retorted. 
Now, it was Ivor’s turn to be puzzled. 
Bonnie remembered her promise to Avril last time. “Orpheus, there’s something I need your help with.” 
“Don’t be so formal. You’re my brother. We’re like family,” Orpheus said, habitually putting his arm around Bonnie’s shoulder. “Just tell me what you need.” 
Ivor couldn’t bear it anymore. “Uncle Orpheus, she’s your future niece–in–law. Isn’t this a bit inappropriate?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 288
Chapter 288 
173 
“Hey! How come I didn’t notice before? You’re quite the jealous type when it comes to love, huh? Ivor, what’s wrong with giving a hug? Are you afraid I’ll run off with your wife? Speaking of which, I knew Bonwick first, many years ago. If I had any intentions, Bonwick would have been my wife ages ago!” 
Listening to Orpheus’s words, Ivor couldn’t help but feel relieved. Thankfully, his uncle didn’t have eyes for Bonwick. Otherwise, with his uncle’s looks and talent, Bonwick might have ended up as his aunt. 
Just thinking about it gave him a headache. 
“All right, let’s not argue with him. He’s always jealous of everyone.” Bonnie couldn’t be bothered with Ivor and continued speaking to Orpheus, “I have a friend. She’s from the Smith family, and both the Smiths and the Mosses are fighting over you, the big celebrity, for endorsements.” 
“I know about that. So, you want me to endorse for the Smiths?” 
‘Yeah, the Moss are a bunch of jerks, and their company culture sucks.” 
“OK, whatever you say, Bonwick.” 
Early the next morning, Bonnie received a call from Avril. 
“Bonnie, my parents want me to thank you. Thanks to you, we successfully signed 
Orpheus.” 
“No need to thank me. We’re good friends. Besides, your parents are like my godparents 
now. 
“Exactly, so I won’t bother with formalities. The Mosses must be furious right now. They probably never expected all this to happen because of you.” 
While the two were chatting, Bonnie’s phone received a push notification from Twitter’s hot topics. 
Orpheus was spotted dating at a bar. 
There were photos attached, blurry but still showing Orpheus’s face, and sitting across 
from him was herself. 
She had been photographed last night. 
2/3 
It wasn’t just trending. It was the top headline. Orpheus was dating a beautiful woman at the bar, and shockingly, she was seen getting cozy with another man right in front of Orpheus. 
There were more photos. 
There was a photo of Ivor with his arm around Bonnie’s waist and another of Orpheus with his arm around her. 
The comments section exploded. 
“Damn! That’s shocking! Is this a case of one woman with two men?” 
“Although the other guy’s face isn’t very clear, it’s a super handsome dude, and this woman is getting all the luck. Who is she? How lucky can she get?” 
“Luck, my a***! She’s just shameless, isn’t she?” 
Trina also saw this headline, and with just one glance, she could tell that the woman in the photo was none other than Bonnie. 
“I never expected Bonnie to know the movie star Orpheus, and they seem to be on such good terms.” 
It was time to stir the pot. 
Trina smirked, revealing a sinister grin. 
She left 
a comment with her alternate account. 
“I recognize her. Isn’t this the trash kicked out by the Shepard family not long ago?” 
Once this comment was posted, the comments section became even more lively. 
“So, she’s the countryside girl kicked out by her family? I heard she became a sugar baby for an older man and wrecked a family. That’s why she got kicked out by her family.” 
“Is she that shameless? After being an older man’s mistress, she’s still trying to s*** my idol and that handsome guy. She probably deceived them, too.” 
“Let’s all attack her! Who has the skills to track her down and give her a good lesson, let her know she’s stirring up public outrage.” 
“Trash! Idiot! F*** her!” 
“Damn it! How dare they insult Bonwick? Simon, quickly, sue everyone who insulted 
Chapter 288 
Bonwick.” 
3/3 
Simon was shocked. “Everyone? Orpheus, how many people are insulting her right now?” “Sue them all!” Orpheus was furious. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 289
Chapter 289 
Simon extended five fingers. “From what I’ve seen, there are at least five hundred thousand.” 
Orpheus was stunned. “That many?” 
“That’s just what I saw. Not to mention your huge fan base, Orpheus,” Simon quipped. 
“Even so, I can’t let Bonwick be mistreated. No, I need to contact my nephew,” Orpheus. said, immediately messaging Ivor. 
However, the one who answered the phone wasn’t Ivor. It was Floyd. 
“Mr. Orpheus, do you have something to tell Mr. Ivor?” 
“Get him on the line,” Orpheus said. 
Floyd glanced at the closed door of the conference room and continued, “Mr. Ivor is in a very important meeting.” 
“What’s more important than my future niece–in–law?” 
When it came to Bonnie, Floyd couldn’t afford to be careless. “Did something happen to Ms. Bonnie?” 
“Your future boss is about to be bombarded with insults, and some even want to dox her. Check Twitter for details.” 
Upon hearing this, Floyd didn’t dare delay momentarily and immediately opened Twitter. 
After reading it, without another word, he rushed into the conference room. 
Seeing Ivor’s darkening expression, Floyd feared getting scolded, so he spoke up immediately. 
“Ms. Bonnie is in trouble.” 
Ivor stood up abruptly. 
Floyd handed the phone to Ivor to let him see for himself. 
“Sue them,” Ivor said coldly. 
“That’s almost a million people,” Floyd said. 
“Can’t you understand what I’m saying?” wor’s ky demeanor seemed to emanate fron the depths of hell. 
“Yes, sir,” Ployd didn’t dare delay ang kager and tommediately set to work on the task 
Back in the Shepard family, Gresham and Vera also learned of this explow new. 
“Thank goodness we kicked Bonnie out early, Didn’t I tell you? bven if she’s done doctor, she can’t redeem her vile behavior,” Vera said with relied 
Gresham nodded in agreement. “This girl will get her comeuppance sooner or later Let’s just wait and see ” 
In less than an hour, all those who had cursed Bonnie just moments ago renatived legal letters without exception. 
They were all demanded to apologize to Bonnie or else face lawsuits. 
This incident immediately became a hot topic, even overshadowing the previous one 
Those who relied on the anonymity of the internet to spout nonsense and eade responsibility were all dumbfounded. 
Before, they were used to freely hurling insults without consequences, at most recenting some counterattacks, which they weren’t afraid of. They would just throw more insults 
back. 
They were being sued, and it was stated that the law doesn’t spare the masses. Over a million people were sued in total. 
In this state of nervousness and anxiety, the headmaster of the Pyralia University released another bombshell on Twitter. 
“Bonnie is the top scorer in this year’s Pyralis University entrance exam, with: outstanding achievements, exceptional talent, and impeccable character. We won’t tolerate any insults toward her.” 
“What’s happening? Who’s the headmaster of Pyralis University? Isn’t he a known educator in Pyralis? Why is he speaking up for a student?” 
“Initially, I was on the fence about this. Now that the principal has spoken, Bonnie must be a good student. The photo was taken out of context. 
“Fortunately, I didn’t participate in the slander.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 290
Chapter 290 
Trina couldn’t understand how the prestigious headmaster of Pyralis University could speak up for a student. 
Ding! Another notification popped up on Twitter. 
Bonita Research Institute tweeted, “Resist all malicious attacks in online comments, reject online violence, and practice civilized internet behavior.” 
“Oh my goodness! Bonita Research Institute has also spoken up. Although they didn’t name names, anyone with half a brain can tell who they’re referring to.” 
“So, does this mean Bonnie was wronged?” 
All the members of the Shepard family, who were eagerly anticipating Bonnie’s downfall, were shocked. They thought Bonnie would be in big trouble, proving their decision to kick her out was right. Even if Bonnie had the identity of a divine doctor, they had yet to 
make a mistake. 
Even the Pyralis University’s principal and Bonita Research Institute headmaster had come forward to speak up for Bonnie. It made them feel uneasy, but they were unwilling to admit that their decision was wrong no matter what. 
Even if Bonnie escaped this disaster, she would inevitably reap what she sowed in the future. 
Orpheus was amazed. “My nephew is amazing! He’s suing a million people!” 
Simon was also stunned. Originally, fifty thousand people seemed like an incredibly daunting task. Yet, Orpheus’s nephew was so ruthless and decisive. It was no wonder he would succeed the Knight Group and lead the entire family to new glory. 
He was impressive. 
The last group of people quickly apologized to Bonnie, while the other group remained 
bold. 
“If you have the guts, sue us! Who’s afraid of whom?! We’re just stating the facts. Bonnie is just a p*** woman. 
“The person in the photo is either flirting with this person or that person. Did they photoshop it?” 
Chapter 290 
“The reason the Shepard family kicked her out is not without reason. Otherwise, which parent would have the heart to kick out their daughter? It must be because Bonnie’s character was too vile, and her parents couldn’t stand it.” 
Trina was very satisfied and continued to post with her alt account. 
“According to reliable sources, the person with their arm around Bonnie’s waist is a big 
shot.” 
After this statement, the netizens were all shocked, and various derogatory comments poured out. 
Orpheus couldn’t bear it any longer and stood up. 
“Stop talking nonsense, everyone. That man is my nephew, and Bonnie is my future niece -in–law. If anyone else dares to talk nonsense, don’t blame me for sending you a lawyer’s letter.” 
The netizens were stunned again. That unidentified man wasn’t a big shot but was Orpheus’s nephew. That meant that it was all a misunderstanding. 
“No wonder they dare to send lawyer’s letters. So it’s all a misunderstanding?” 
“Damn it! Who’s stirring up a scene here? They made me curse Bonnie several times.” 
“Wait a minute! The woman in the photo is so blurry, Can’t only someone very familiar recognize her?” 
Finally, some netizens realize this. 
Trina, who had been browsing the internet, was scared when she saw this. She was praying that no one would link it to her. 
Meanwhile, Ivor was arranging for the technical department to investigate the IP address of the account that led the way. 
Soon, there was a result. 
“It’s indeed Trina.” Ivor’s face was dark, his narrowed eyes filled with danger. “Floyd, handle this matter well. I want to make Trina fall into hell and never rise again.” 
“Yes, boss.” 
Floyd immediately got to work on the task. 
Trina’s alt account’s IP address was quickly exposed online, and she was also doxxed. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 291
Chapter 291 
“I never thought they were from the Shepard family. No wonder they recognized Bonnie in the photo. They must know that the guy is Bonnie’s boyfriend, yet they call her boyfriend a gigolo. They’re stooping low to tarnish Bonnie’s reputation, using all sorts of dirty tricks.” 
“I know a bit about the Shepard family. Bonnie and Trina were born in the same hospital. Ironically, a nurse accidentally swapped them.” 
“So you’re saying Bonnie is the real heiress of the Shepard family? And Trina is just a fake heiress who stole Bonnie’s ex–fiancé?” 
“Yeah, that’s about it.” 
“Wow! I can already imagine a drama where the 
b*** bullies the real heiress 
and steals her fiancé. I thought such things only happened in TV dramas. I didn’t expect it to be real.” 
“Trina is shameless!” 
Trina suddenly became a pariah, and everyone was condemning her. 
Gresham and Vera knocked on Trina’s door. 
When they pushed it open, Trina burst into tears, wailing loudly. Her cries were heart- wrenching. 
It startled Gresham and Vera. 
“Trina, what’s wrong? Are you okay?” Gresham asked, concerned. 
Tears streaming down her face, Trina choked, “They’re too much. I just made a passing comment online, saying someone in a photo looked like Bonnie. They jumped to conclusions, thinking I was deliberately stirring trouble. I didn’t say anything else! I’m so unfairly treated!” 
Initially wanting to question her, Gresham and Vera softened seeing Trina in such a state. 
“Trina, dear, don’t cry. We believe you’re a good girl who wouldn’t intentionally harm Bonnie,” Vera comforted. 
Trina cried even harder, tears flowing freely. “You… you believing in me means a lot… I’m not a bad kid. I didn’t mean to attack Bonnie,” Trina sobbed. 
2/2 
“Those 
Vera’s clothes were soaked with Trina’s tears. Through gritted teeth, she said, netizens are despicable! Don’t they know cyberbullying can lead to death? Many people have committed suicide due to cyberbullying. Isn’t there any regulation to punish these villains who attack others indiscriminately?” 
Hearing Vera’s words, Trina finally felt relieved. 
At night, Avril called Bonnie to a newly opened bar. 
“Your boyfriend, Ivor, is something else! Sending out over a million lawyer letters, it’s unprecedented!” Avril exclaimed, feeling pleased with himself. 
“I hate people who don’t bother knowing the truth and casually dictate online. They don’t show their faces or identities, thinking the law can’t catch them, so they attack others however they want, revealing their darkest sides without caring about the feelings of those they attack. Your boyfriend’s actions are like a warning to those who hurl insults, 
Avril continued. 
Bonnie highly praised Ivor’s actions. “He indeed did well and showed great courage. 
“Oh la la! Are you praising your man?” Avril teased, winking. 
Bonnie smirked, saying nothing. 
At that moment, a man with a vest and tattoos on his arms approached, leering at Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 292
Chapter 292 
“Hey, beautiful, all by yourself? Feeling lonely? Want me to keep you company?” 
Avril put her hands on her hips and exclaimed, “Are you blind? How can you say she’s alone? Am 1 nobody?” 
The tattooed man glanced over at Avril. “What’s the matter, little girl? Are you jealous?” 
“Jealous, my foot!” 
“You don’t need to be jealous. I’ve got several brothers.” 
After the tattooed man spoke, several men with hair dyed in various colors emerged 
behind him. 
“How about it? My men are all tough, right? Later, I’ll have them all serve you.” 
Avril’s face turned red with anger. “Get lost! All of you get lost! If you dare to mess around, I’ll call the cops!” 
‘Guys, this little girl says she’ll call the cops. Do you think we’ll give her that chance?” The tattooed man chuckled. 
Avril knew well that these people would never allow her to call the cops. She didn’t know 
what to do. 
Just as Avril was anxiously pacing around, Bonnie stood up. 
“It’s been a while since I’ve stretched my fists and feet. It’s good to move around. Otherwise, too much idleness leads to regression.” 
With that said, she immediately leaped out. Her kickboxing skills were impeccable. In no time, the group of thugs who were just arrogant and overbearing were all lying on the 
ground. 
Avril widened her beautiful eyes. She suddenly remembered that Kay had been pestering 
Bonnie to teach her kickboxing. 
She knew Bonnie knew kickboxing, and she was quite skilled, but she didn’t expect Bonnie’s skills to exceed her imagination. 
There were seven or eight ruffians in total, all taken down so effortlessly. She was amazing. 
Chapter 292 
The tattooed man wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and glared at Bonnie 
fiercely. 
“You’re dead! The owner of this bar is my boss. My boss is not an ordinary person. He’s from the Knight family. By hitting me, you’re inviting trouble from the Knight family. I’ve already informed my boss!” 
Avril was stunned for a moment. She looked at Bonnie, then at the tattooed man. “The Knight family? You mean the Knight Group?” 
lives!! 
“That’s right! It’s our city’s richest family, the Knight family! How about it? Scared now? If you’re scared, kneel and serve us! Make us happy, and maybe we’ll spare your The tattooed man said triumphantly. 
Upon hearing this answer, Avril’s expression was strangely peculiar. 
Bonnie was equally curious about who this person from the Knight family was, as mentioned by the tattooed man. 
“The boss is here!” One of the thugs shouted. 
“Great! The boss is finally here! You all wait to kneel and apologize!” The tattooed man couldn’t wait to see them begging for mercy. 
Bonnie looked toward the man coming down the aisle to meet them. 
“Oh, shit!” Flynn was shocked, jumping up and down, staring at Bonnie with absolute terror in his eyes. 
The tattooed man didn’t notice this, constantly fueling the fire. “Boss, it’s this woman. I tried to reason with her, to have her willingly serve you, but she started hitting us. Look at what she did to us! It’s not just about her hitting us. 
“We’re your men. By hitting us, she’s disrespecting you. Boss, you need to teach her a lesson! Make her kneel and apologize to you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 293
Chapter 293 
Flynn slapped the tattooed man hard on the back of his head. “Get your a*** down and apologize to her!” 
The tattooed man’s head buzzed loudly, partly because Flynn hit him too hard and partly because he couldn’t believe what Flynn was saying. 
“Are you deaf or what? Get down on your knees!” Flynn slapped the back of the tattooed man’s head again. 
It was even harder this time because Flynn was getting anxious, fearing he might get implicated. 
“Ouch!” The tattooed man held the back of his head in pain, grimacing and howling. 
“If you don’t kneel again, I’ll break your legs!” Flynn was sweating profusely with 
anxiety. 
Although the tattooed man didn’t know what was happening, given the current situation, he had no choice but to kneel to Bonnie. 
Flynn approached Bonnie with a flattering tone. “Ms. Bonnie, this has nothing to do with me! I had no idea what was happening here, let alone that this jerk offended you!” 
Seeing Flynn’s ingratiating attitude, everyone, including the tattooed man, was stunned. Flynn was the grantison of the Knight family, always a big shot who held his head high, so he had no reason to suck up to a woman like that. 
Bonnie glanced at the tattooed man and the others. “They just said you’re their boss. They wanted Avril and me to accompany them. This is your territory. As the saying goes,‘ Like father, like son.‘ You must have been setting a bad example, which they followed. Be honest, how many innocent girls have you harmed with these people here?” 
“I didn’t! I’m innocent!” Flynn was on the verge of tears. “Ms. Bonnie, I’ve turned over a new leaf. Really! I wouldn’t dare lie to you. After the last incident, I realized bigger fish are always in the sea. I woke up and decided to repent. 
“This city doesn’t just belong to my Knight family. I used to be a spoiled rich kid, always thinking I was above everyone else, able to decide others‘ fates. 
“To compensate for my past mistakes, I’ve donated almost all the money I earned from running this bar to orphanages and impoverished areas in the West. If you don’t believe 
Chapter 293 
me, you can have my cousin check. I won’t dare tell a lie in front of you!” 
Avril couldn’t find words to describe her shock as she watched Flynn, who was now genuinely shedding tears. 
2/2 
Now, she had figured out that this person in front of her should be Ivor’s cousin. Even if Ivor was pursuing Bonnie, Flynn had no reason to be so subservient to Bonnie. 
It didn’t make sense. She wondered if there had been some unknown events between them, leading to Flynn’s fear of Bonnie. 
The more she thought about it, the more curious she became. 
Avril looked at Bonnie’s profile, her intuition telling her that Bonnie would bring her even more surprises in the future. 
“I’ve investigated this matter, and what he said is true,” Jim walked out from the crowd. 
Avril was stunned again. “Mr. Jim, what are you doing here? When did you arrive?” 
Flynn internally complained, ‘Jim is Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. If he’s not here, where else would he be?” 
What Jim said, Bonnie naturally believed. 
“A prodigal son returning home is priceless. Since you’re willing to start anew, I’ll give you this chance for the sake of Sigmund.” 
Flynn became instantly excited, looking at Bonnie gratefully. “Thank you! Ms. Bonnie, thank you so much!” 
With Bonnie’s words, Flynn wouldn’t have to hide in the city anymore, nor would he have to stay in this small bar. He could openly return to the Knight family. 
“But if you ever do something illegal again in the future, don’t blame me for being ruthless,” Bonnie said coldly. 
“No, I won’t! I refuse!” Flynn kept patting his chest, repeatedly promising. 
It was nearly 1 a.m. when Bonnie returned to Villa No. 8 in Lenfield Resort. 
As soon as she got home, the lights flicked on. 
Seeing the man sitting on the sofa, Bonnie looked at him in a daze. 
“Why are you here so late?” 
Ivor stood slowly from the sofa, the light shining on his broad back. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 294
Chapter 294 
“I can’t sleep without you,” he said huskily. 
Bonnie stifled a laugh, staring straight at the man, unsure what to say. 
“Bonnie, how about I move in tomorrow?” Ivor frowned, his pleasant baritone tinged with a hint of pleading, softening Bonnie’s heart. 
In the end, reason triumphed over all. “You have your place to stay. Why come here? Besides, who will take care of your brother if you leave?” 
In this household, Neville was the unruly master. Before Bonnie appeared, he only 
listened to Ivor. Even if his dad came, it wouldn’t make a difference. 
“I’ll have him move in with me,” Ivor said. 
Bonnie was speechless. “Why don’t you just have your entire family move in?” 
“That’s a good idea. Since your place has no housekeepers, I’ll have them all move in 
tomorrow.” 
Bonnie sighed. “Enough already. Can’t you just live in your place?” 
“I understand,” Ivor gazed at Bonnie affectionately. 
Bonnie blinked. “What do you understand?” 
Ivor didn’t hesitate to take Bonnie’s hand. “I understand what you mean. Absence makes the heart grow fonder. You’re teasing me.” 
Bonnie let out a heavy sigh, feeling the urge to punch someone. 
“It’s late, I’m going to bed. You can think whatever you want. Just don’t disturb my sleep. 
With that, Bonnie pulled her hand out of the man’s grasp and headed upstairs. 
Halfway there, she turned back to look at Ivor. “Why are you still standing there? Planning to sleep in the living room tonight?” 
Ivor grinned. 
“Okay.” Cheerfully agreeing, he quickly went upstairs to Bonnie’s room, pretending to 
enter. 
Chapter 244 
2/2 
Bonnie stopped him. “What are you doing?” 
“Going to sleep!” 
“Go to your room.” 
Ivor looked a bit disappointed. He thought Bonnie was going to invite him to share her 
bed. 
“Don’t you want to sleep together?” 
“Then, you might as well go back to your villa.” Bonnie glared at Ivor. 
This had to be taken step by step. There was no need to rush. 
On the other hand, Gunnar watched as Flynn returned, hastily ordering someone to close the gate. 
“Why did you come back without a word? If you’re caught, forget about staying in this city!” 
Sydney watched as Gunnar scolded his son, feeling furious. “He’s your son! Our son! This is his home! What’s wrong with him coming back? That Bonnie, if she dares to cause trouble, I–I’ll fight her!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 295
Chapter 295 
Sydney’s words scared Flynn so much that he felt his soul was about to leave his body. 
“Mom, how can you say that about Bonnie? How could she be causing trouble? She’s a good person!” 
Sydney froze, and Gunnar was dumbfounded. It took them a while to come to their senses. Then Sydney looked at Flynn with eyes full of pity. 
“My son, oh my, have you been tortured into madness? Has something gone wrong your brain? Bonnie has made you suffer so much, and you dare to say she’s a good person, oh my! How unlucky is my son?” 
Gunnar reached out and patted Flynn’s head, thinking about finding a doctor for him. 
with 
Flynn pushed his dad’s hand away, again emphasizing, “I’m not crazy. Bonnie is a good person, and she’s extremely talented. She’s a role model for people like me.” 
Hearing this, Sydney first froze for a moment, then frowned. “Flynn, let me ask you, do you think she’s beautiful? Have you fallen for her?” 
Flynn’s heart skipped a beat, and he suddenly raised his voice. “How could that be?” 
Sydney breathed a sigh of relief, but she heard Flynn speak again before she could fully 
relax. 
“How could I possibly like Bonnie? I’m not even worthy of her or one of her toes. 
Sydney was completely dumbfounded this time. Yes, her son must have been stimulated by what happened before, and his brain must have gone wrong. 
Just as she thought this, she noticed that Gunnar was looking at her. 
It seemed that the two of them had come to the same conclusion. They would have to 
find several doctors tomorrow to check on their son. 
On Saturday, Bonnie agreed to go to Pyralis with Mhairi to attend the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference. 
Due to some delays, she couldn’t depart with them. 
As Bonnie arrived at the venue a bit later, she was stopped at the entrance. 
“Sorry, no invitation, no entry. That’s the rule. Even if you’re pretty, we can’t let you in.” 
C30 
The guard spoke with a disdainful and mocking glance at Bonnie. 
2/2 
In his eyes, Bonnie was just trying to use her looks to sneak into the event and snag a wealthy husband. He had seen this kind of thing many times before because the people invited to attend the appreciation event were all extraordinary, either from rich families. or well–known experts in the circle. Catching one of them meant a life of riches and 
honor. 
Bonnie frowned. “Do you know how rude you sound? This isn’t something a mere guard should say.” 
“Hmph!” The guard sneered, “I’m just a guard, so what? I’m still better than you, a nobody.” 
“How dare you talk like that? You’re asking for a beating!” Flynn rushed forward, delivering a swift kick that sent the guard sprawling. 
“Ouch! My stomach!” The guard clutched his abdomen, wailing in pain, “Which idiot dares to lay hands on me?” 
As the guard clutched his stomach and cursed, he stood up, but when he saw it was Flynn, he was so scared he almost collapsed. 
“Sorry, sorry, Mr. Flynn. I didn’t know it was you.” 
Flynn kicked the guard down again. “You blind fool, not only did you insult also disrespected her. Do you know who she is? You’re blind!” 
me, 
but you 
The guard looked at Bonnie with great fear, guessing a thousand things in his heart. 
Flynn turned around and looked at Bonnie, trying to please her. “Ms. Bonnie, are you okay?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 296
Chapter 296 
Bonnie’s attitude frightened the security guard so much that his soul almost fled his body. 
This woman could make the arrogant and overbearing master of the Knight family respect her. The guard wondered who he offended. 
The more he thought about it, the more scared the guard became, trembling all over, 
The more he thought about it, the more scared the guard became. He deeply bowed to Bonnie. “I’m sorry! I was blind and incompetent. Please, Miss, have mercy on me. 
“Who do you think you are, daring to beg Ms. Bonnie for mercy? You lowly creature!” Flynn kicked the guard over and turned to Bonnie. “Ms. Bonnie, how do you want to 
handle him? Should I take care of him?” 
Outside the door, the guard was scared, pale, and trembling. 
Bonnie rolled her eyes. “You’re as arrogant and domineering as ever, treating human life so lightly. He’s just incompetent at his job. You can dismiss him if you want, but to take his life over a few words? Is this how you used to threaten people’s lives over trivial matters casually?” 
Flynn was afraid Bonnie misunderstood him, so he hurriedly explained. 
“No, no, no! How could I? How could I do such unreasonable things? Although I used to be arrogant and spoiled, my upbringing was strict. I wouldn’t go so far as to harm someone’s life. As for the last time between you and me, I never intended to hurt anyone. I just got angry and deliberately arrested your brother to scare you. 
Bonnie didn’t think Flynn was lying. Of course, she didn’t trust him either. Sigmund taught her this. 
“Let’s go in.” 
Avril’s family was still waiting inside. 
“All right, all right, I’ll follow your lead,” Flynn said, gesturing to Bonnie as they walked together into the venue, him trailing behind her like a follower. 
The guard sat on the ground, vowing never to look down on anyone again. 
Accompanying Flynn was an older man. Bonnie noticed that the older man always had a haughty look, with his hands behind his back and a gaze resembling a sage. 
Chudler 26 
2/2 
“Flynn, who is she? Why do you show such respect for her?” the old man asked curiously. 
“She…” Flynn looked toward Bonnic, who gave him a warning look that dared him to try and say anything.. 
Flynn understood Bonnie’s dangerous gaze and subconsciously gulped. 
“She’s a friend of mine.” 
“Oh,” Jesper responded indifferently, evidently losing interest in Bonnie because of Flynn’s answer. 
“Bonnie! You finally made it!” Avril saw Bonnie and quickly ran over. 
Daken and Mhairi also came to greet her. 
“How did you get in alone?” Mhairi asked curiously. 
Bonnie glanced at Flynn. “I was stopped outside by the guard. He brought me in.” 
Mhairi hadn’t seen Flynn before, so she asked curiously, “Who is this?” 
“He’s the son of the third child of the Knight family,” Bonnie introduced. 
Mhairi paused and then remembered what Daken had said that the CEO of the Knight Group was currently pursuing Bonnie. 
So, this wasn’t surprising. 
“Bonnie, I noticed you recognized the glass seed necklace I gave you at first glance. You must be quite knowledgeable in this area. Come, help me identify which of these jadeite stones can produce green.” Mhairi pulled Bonnie toward the exhibition table. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 297
Chapter 297 
“Heh!” Jesper sneered. “Just a little kid, what does she know? Buying and cutting jadeite is like gambling. How can we let a child mess around with it?” 
Avril was most annoyed when others looked down on Bonnie. “Hey, who do you think you are? Why are you so rude?” 
“Hush–” Flynn quickly gestured to Avril to be quiet. “Don’t speak out of turn. He’s a big shot in the antique and jade world.” 
“Even if he’s powerful, he can’t just attack others, right? Besides, this is our own business. If we want Bonnie to cut some stones for fun, what’s wrong with that?” 
Regardless of who the other person was, no one could look down on Bonnie in Avril’s 
heart. 
“Hmph!” Jesper snorted coldly. “Ignorant brat, you’re not worth my time.” 
“Yes, yes, she’s just a kid. Mr. Jesper, you’re a big shot. You shouldn’t lower yourself to her level.” Flynn felt torn. One was a master in antiques, and the other was Bonnie’s 
friend. He couldn’t afford to offend either. 
Flynn led him to the exhibition booth to divert Jesper’s attention. 
“Mr. Jesper, which of these rough stones do you think will yield green?” 
Jesper carefully observed, then pointed to one of the stones after a while and said, “This one is from the Pagan area and should produce good jadeite.” 
T ‘Really?” Flynn became excited. 
Bonnie glanced over and frowned. “Considering you’re the grandson of Mr. Sigmund, I’ll remind you, while this stone is indeed from the Pagan area, it’s not from the old mine. It probably won’t yield anything good. I’m afraid it won’t even produce an inch of green.” 
“This 
Flynn didn’t know what to say. Although Bonnie was a distinguished academic, this was about geology. This woman couldn’t have known everything. 
“Ridiculous!” Jesper rebuked angrily. “You little brat, what do you know? How dare you say I’m wrong! The auda-” 
“Mr. Jesper, Mr. Jesper, don’t argue with her. Let’s cut some jade, let’s cut some jade now. 
Flynn quickly pulled Jesper away. 
“Hmph” Jesper snorted again, glaring at Bonnie, “Today, I’ll let it go because of Mr. Flynn. But if there’s a next time, I’ll make you regret crossing me!” 
Flynn hurriedly called someone over to start cutting the stone, and soon, many people gathered around. 
Among them were many who knew Jesper, 
“It’s Mr. Jesper from Sacryment! He’s no ordinary person, definitely a big shot in our 
field.” 
“Mr. Flynn must be from the Knight family in the city. Well, only someone like that could get Mr. Jesper here.” 
“Mr. Jesper’s chosen rough stone must be a gem. I’m curious to see what kind of jade it will yield.” 
“Me too.” 
Avril was very unhappy, but she could only hold it in. 
“Bonnie, come on, let’s go. Don’t mind them. Let’s pick our stones,” 
“Yeah! Bonnie, those booths have rough stones worth tens or hundreds of thousands. The chances of getting good material are also high. Let’s go there,” Mhairi comforted Bonnie while pulling her towards other booths. 
As they passed a cheap booth, Bonnie stopped, carefully inspecting the rough stones. 
before her. 
“Bonnie, what are you looking at? Almost all this booth are waste. They 
the stones or won’t yield anything good. Although they’re cheap, they’re almost like throwing money away. Let’s go. We’ll go over there instead.” Avril tugged at Bonnie, but she didn’t budge. “Bonnie 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 298
Chapter 298 
Bonnie looked at Daken. “Daken, can you lend me a strong flashlight?” 
“Sure.” Having witnessed Bonnie’s abilities, Daken thought she might understand this 
trade. 
Bonnie took the strong flashlight and began to examine it inch by inch. 
After a while, a sigh suddenly came from nearby. 
“It’s such a big piece of rough stone. It looks good on the surface and is from the old Pagan area. How come it didn’t yield even an inch of jade? Four hundred thousand gone just like that.‘ 
Upon hearing this, Avril’s family all turned their heads to see the stone that had just been 
cut. 
“It didn’t yield anything. Bonnie is amazing!” Avril was full of admiration for Bonnie. 
Jesper, who had reprimanded Bonnie with an air of superiority, now had a face even greener than the jade just cut. 
“Um, sorry, Mr. Flynn, I made a mistake this time.” 
Flynn didn’t blame Jesper, just shifting his gaze awkwardly to Bonnie. He was now very curious, wondering if it was just a wild guess from Bonnie or if she knew. 
Just as he was filled with doubts, Bonnie looked at Daken again. “This rough stone can be bought. It should yield something good.” 
Daken asked, “Do you want to buy this?” 
Bonnie nodded, her eyes determined. 
Seeing Bonnie like this, Daken went ahead and bought it. 
Seventy thousand dollars wasn’t much for their family background. 
Jesper, who had just been embarrassed, now decided to regain his dignity and approached Bonnie. 
A worthless stone and you still think you can get something good out of it? Although Lis stone only costs seventy thousand dollars, I advise you not to trust the words of a little brat. If this kind of rough stone yields good jade, I’ll eat the stone right here.” 
Chapter 298 
Bonnie was annoyed by this older man’s nonsense. “What I get from this stone is not the same waste as the one you just cut. Even if you want to eat it, I wouldn’t spare it. You can eat the one you just cut.” 
“You’re quite eloquent, brat!” Jesper’s anger made him tremble. 
“What’s wrong? You said it yourself. Are you backing out? Are you afraid you’re not as good as me?” 
“Don’t think I can’t tell you’re trying to provoke me. 
“That’s right. I am provoking you because I have confidence in my abilities, unlike you, who only knows how to boast and act high and mighty but don’t even dare to gamble with me.” Bonnie retorted without reservation. 
Avril added fuel to the fire from behind, “That’s right! You’re afraid of losing, so you dare not compare yourself to our Bonnie.” 
Jesper’s face turned red with anger. With so many people watching, he might as well not go out if he dared not accept this bet. 
“You little brat, this is your own doing. I accept this bet. What will you do if the stone in your hand doesn’t yield anything?” 
“If I lose, I’ll eat the stone in my hand,” Bonnie said confidently. 
“Good! It’s a deal. If what you get from your stone isn’t as good as mine, then you’ll also have to eat this stone,” Jesper added. 
“Why should I?!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 299
Chapter 299 
Avril raised her voice in disbelief. “You clearly said just now that if Bonnie’s rough stone couldn’t yield anything, how come it’s turned into her stone not being as good as yours? Isn’t this changing the terms? 
“You, being an expert in the industry, should be consistent with your words and actions. With so many years of experience, don’t you care about your reputation?” 
“I just didn’t finish my sentence earlier. How is that changing the terms?” Jesper stood with his hands behind his back, his demeanor firm. “Or is it that she lacks confidence in herself? Fine, as long as she solemnly apologizes in front of everyone here, I’ll cancel 
this bet. 
“After all, I’m the elder here. It’ll be embarrassing for a senior to gamble with a junior 
over stones.” 
“You… you… you’re truly cunning.” 
“Bold! A mere member of a small family like you, who gave you the audacity to speak to me like that? Do you think I’m someone you can easily offend? I have good relations with many prominent families in Pyralis. If you dare to disrespect me again, I’ll make sure you regret it!” 
Bonnie’s narrowed eyes glinted dangerously. “Fine, I agree with your conditions. If your lose later, I’ll make you eat the stone you cut. I promise to do what I say!” 
“Hmph!” Jesper snorted and turned away. He didn’t believe anything valuable could come from that piece of junk. 
Floyd knocked on the door, holding a notebook. 
“Come in,” Ivor said coldly. 
Floyd placed the notebook in front of Ivor. “Sir, this is something you’ll be interested in.” 
Ivor looked at the screen with a hint of confusion, but his rugged features softened as he saw Bonnie’s face. However, as he witnessed Jesper repeatedly bullying Bonnie, his expression grew increasingly grim. 
“Sir, do you think Ms. Bonnie understands geodes? Logically, as a girl who grew up in the countryside, she shouldn’t have so much knowledge. Her talent in chess is undoubtedly 
Chapter 290 
high. Even if her family background isn’t good, it’s not necessarily a hindrance. 
202 
“The same goes for racing, where family background isn’t crucial. However, geode appreciation requires sufficient experience and knowledge. Not to mention, Ms. Bonnie is only twenty years old. With her family background, she should have no chance to be. exposed to this industry, right?” 
Floyd raised his hand to his chin. “But if she knows nothing, how did she figure out that Mr. Jesper’s chosen stone couldn’t yield anything good? She even accurately said that not even an inch of green could be extracted?” 
Ivor’s narrowed eyes shimmered with a mysterious gleam. “Continue watching, and you’ll find out.” 
“Yeah, if Ms. Bonnie’s chosen stone yields good–quality jade later, it’ll prove that she truly is an expert in this field, and her skills surpass even Mr. Jesper’s.” 
Bonnie handed the stone she had just chosen to the professional stone cutter. 
Because of this bet, almost everyone in the venue gathered around. 
“What’s going on? Why’s it so lively?” A passerby asked curiously. 
“It’s all because of a young girl who doesn’t know her boundaries, wanting to challenge. Mr. Jesper,” 
“What? Am I hearing this right? Mr. Jesper is a big shot in our industry, not just in Pyralis but across the country. He’s a big name. And that girl? 
“She looks like she’s not even twenty yet, probably hasn’t even finished her education, yet she dares to challenge Mr. Jesper? She’s like a fool rushing in where angels fear to tread!” 
“Let’s see how the senior teaches the junior a lesson.” 
Five minutes later, the rough stone was cut open before everyone. 
“It’s green! It’s such a vibrant green! And it’s so large!” 
“Oh my god! It’s massive! Unbelievable!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 300
Chapter 300 
Shocked, Jesper hurriedly approached. His old eyes wrinkled and turned increasingly red, his hands trembling incessantly. 
“The restrained color, the perfect texture, with a hint of faint blue flowers drifting, flawless and exquisite. Th–that’s an ice jadeite with floating flowers.” 
“Oh my goodness!” Flynn also stepped closer. Despite being from the wealthy Knight family, this high–quality jade still astonished him. 
Avril widened her eyes. “Dad, Mom, that looks like a real ice jadeite with floating flowers! 
Daken and Mhairi also stood there, mouths agape in shock. 
Avril gulped. “A piece of ice jadeite with floating flowers this big, how much is it worth?” 
Bonnie thought for a moment and gave an estimate. “Probably worth 8.5 million.” 
“8.5 million?!” Avril’s jaw dropped, almost unable to speak. 
fit 
Bonnie nodded calmly. “8.5 million is the lowest estimate. If it were auctioned, such high -quality ice jadeite with floating flowers might fetch over 15 million.” 
“Wow…” Avril gasped. 
Now I finally understand how you’ve got so much money. With skills like yours, you deserve to be wealthy!” 
Bonnie twitched her mouth slightly, wanting to say she didn’t rely on this to get rich, but ultimately chose to remain silent. 
Watching through the screen, Floyd was astonished, his jaw almost dropping. In his heart, he felt an intense admiration for Bonnie. 
“Sir, Ms. Bonnie is amazing! Is she even human? She’s probably a reincarnation of some great immortal.” 
Ivor gave Floyd a cold glance. “You’re not much of a human yourself.” 
Floyd was startled, wanting to pinch himself. He had accidentally said the wrong thing in his excitement. 
aha…“Ivor laughed. Looking at Bonnie’s exquisite face on the screen, he was filled ith overflowing indulgence. “She is truly worthy of being my woman.” 
Chapter 300 
2/2 
Hearing this, Floyd wanted to laugh sarcastically. He wasn’t even sure if Ivor was worthy 
of her. 
Bonnie’s gaze turned slightly chilly as she looked at Jesper. “It’s time to fulfill the bet and eat the stone you chose earlier.” 
Jesper’s face stiffened, hesitating momentarily before saying, “You little brat, you just got lucky. There’s no need to be so arrogant. Let’s just forget about this.” 
“Forget about it? Who do you think you are? Am I supposed to let it go just because you said so? You were the one who wanted to make the bet.” Bonnie’s voice was indifferent. 
“Y–You dare to be so disrespectful to me! You 
Bonnie lost her patience completely. “Are you going to honor the bet or not?” 
“I-“Damn it! Jesper cursed inwardly. With so many people watching, being pressured by this annoying brat, his dignity had long been trampled. 
Avril cheered Bonnie on. “Hey! You’re supposed to be a big shot in the industry, yet your words hold no weight. Shame on you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 301
Chapter 301 
Jesper was furious as he turned to look at Flynn, asking, “What do you think, Flynn?” 
Flynn stood upright and solemnly replied, “I think you should uphold your end of the 
bargain, Mr. Jesper.” 
Jesper was stunned, gawking at Flynn. After all, the latter hired the older man, an experienced figure in the world of geodes. Even so, Jesper wondered why Flynn would 
take Bonnie’s side. 
Soon after, a bearded old man dressed in all white stepped forward. Someone from the 
crowd exclaimed, “Hey, that’s Mr. Pan from the Gemstone Association!” 
“I thought he retired years ago. Also, he stopped caring about what was going on in the circle. What’s he doing here?” 
Pan gazed at Bonnie as he walked past her. He approached Jesper and said, “Credibility is essential in our circle. You should deliver on your promise since you made a bet with her. 
Everyone was shocked to hear that. No one expected Pan to come out of retirement after all these years, let alone speak up for Bonnie instead of Jesper. Moreover, Jesper was 
more seasoned than Bonnie was. 
Jesper could just cry, thinking, ‘What rotten luck is this? Why would Mr. Pan show up just as I make such a bet with Bonnie?‘ 
“M–Mr. Pan, it’s not like I don’t want to uphold my end. How am I supposed to swallow such a huge chunk of rock?” 
“Then, why would you claim to do such an outrageous thing if you knew you couldn’t do it? Were you aware you were deceiving her? Your actions are utterly disgraceful!” Pan lectured Jesper harshly. 
The latter could feel the onlookers judging him. He wished he could magically disappear 
to the other end of the world. 
IBES 
“Listen carefully, Jesper. You either do as you said or leave the association!” Pan 
exclaimed. 
Jesper panicked. Although he was a renowned figure within the gemstone circle, Pan’s standing and reputation were far greater than Jesper’s. 
Bonhle approached Pen and stood beside him, saying, “Since the rock is too big for you 
low, I guess I can be merciful. We can grind it to dust and feed that to you instead 
Jesper Inwardly cursed her and her family. However, he still had to keep his word and swallow the dust. He even considered preemptively calling an ambulance to get his 
stomach pumped. 
Meanwhile, the curious Flynn asked, “Bonnie, how could you tell this humble–looking stone 
was an ice jadeite with the floating flowers pattern?” 
She pointed at her eyes and said, “I saw it with these, of course.” 
Flynn’s lips twitched, thinking, ‘Is that supposed to be an answer? Of course, she used her eyes. What else would it be?‘ 
The crowd around Pan grew larger. One asked, “Why did you come out of retirement, Mr. 
Pan? Are you going to rejoin the antique gemstone circle?” 
“That would be wonderful, Mr. Pan! With you at the helm again, our country’s reputation within the circle will be even more glorious!” 
Pan grew anxious when he noticed Bonnie leaving the crowd. He said, “I’d like to have a 
word with you about what happened earlier, Ms. Bonnie.” 
She stopped, turned, and said, “Sure thing.” 
Later, the two left the venue together. Avril watched as they went and could not help but say, “Why do I get the feeling they know each other?” 
She was not the only one who had noticed that. Even Daken, Mairi, and Flynn felt the same 
way. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 302
Chapter 302 
Pan took Bonnie to a place where they could have some privacy. A moment later, he 
saluted her and said, “Master, when did you come to Jocrovania? You should’ve told me 
earlier. 
“You’re retired now, and I planned to meet with you after the conference. I didn’t expect to run into that mess just now. I had a hunch Jesper would try to weasel his way out of the deal. That’s why I called you. I wanted to play it safe.” 
“Jesper is despicable and rotten. His actions only drag us fellow appraisers‘ reputations through the mud!” Pan was so upset that he trembled with rage. 
“Well, you’re not exactly a young stud. Save your temper for someone more worthy of it.” You have to watch your health. Anyway, did you finish the medicines i prescribed last 
time?” 
“They’ll last me a couple more days.” 
“How do you feel?” 
“Your medical knowledge is utterly miraculous, Master! I’ve only taken your medicines and rested briefly, but my health is almost as good as before!” 
Not too long ago, there was an auction in Pyralis. The people there spoke highly of a miracle doctor, and Pan could not help but wonder if the doctor was Bonnie. 
Bonnie touched Pan’s wrist and said, “Let me check your pulse.” 
Meanwhile, Avril had stolen away and tailed Bonnie. However, Avril stood afar and could not see her godsister properly. The former muttered, “What’s Bonnie doing?” 
Flynn gasped, “Oh, dear, she’s holding Mr. Pan’s hands. Is she cheating on Ivor? If so, would she pick someone so old?” 
why 
Avril rolled her eyes at him and grumbled internally, ‘When did he sneak out with me? Also, to say he has a wild imagination is a major understatement.” 
“How’s that possible, Flynn? From what I see, she learned everything about gemstones 
from Mr. Pan.” 
“That makes more sense.” Flynn clapped. “I was trying to figure out why she was so good. at appraising gemstones. Now, it’s all clear. Her mentor is the chairman of the Gemstone 
Association himself!: 
Who’s there?! Bonnie heard his voice and looked in their direction. 
Avril and Flynn exchanged embarrassed glances before they came out of hiding. 
“Oh, it’s you guys.” 
Avril scratched her cheek, saying, “I’m sorry, Bonnie. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop on you and Mr. Pan. I just couldn’t contain my curiosity.” 
“It’s fine. I don’t mind that you guys saw it.” Bonnie did not intend to keep secrets from Avril. The former was concerned about Pan’s identity and preferred not to reveal it unless necessary. After all, this concerns Pan as well. 
As for Flynn, he had known the truth about Bonnie’s identity as Bonita, the nation’s leading researcher. So, she was unbothered that he had learned about her real identity. 
“Whew, that’s a relief. I thought you were going to get mad at me.” Avril patted her chest 
gently and sighed in relief. Then, her eyes sparkled. “With that said, I didn’t know you guys 
knew each other this well.” 
Bonnie giggled. Although her relationship with Pan was eye–opening, no one would believe she was the mentor of the prestigious Pan, the widely respected chairman of the 
Gemstone Association. 
Flynn gave her two thumbs up and exclaimed, “Color me impressed, Bonnie!” 
She was adept at appraising gemstones, and her combat skills were some of the finest he had seen. Moreover, she was the Arvandor’s leading researcher. He simply could not 
believe he had such a badass sister–in–law. 
He would eventually brag about her and bask in her glory when the day came. 
Bonnie felt a little uneasy by Flynn’s admiring gaze. She was exasperated and turned to look at Pan instead, saying, “You’re about to recover fully, but that doesn’t mean you can. afford to take things lightly. 
“I’ll prescribe you a different medicine. It’ll be milder than the previous one. Take it with you and drink it slowly. Remember to take it thrice a day. It’s the same rules as before.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 303
Chapter 303 
Okay, I’ll remember to take the new medicine according to your instructions.” Pant promised, his tone reminiscent of a child’s. 
Avril leaned toward Flynn and whispered, “Do you find anything funny about the way they talk to each other?” 
She was unsure if she had misheard, but Pan addressed Bonnie a little too respectfully. Avril even wondered if it were some tradition among the Jocrovanians. 
“Is it possible they’re just this well–mannered?” 
However, Flynn’s answer had nothing to do with Avril’s question. He whispered back, Bonnie has medical knowledge? It sounds like she’s excellent at it, too.” 
Avril rolled her eyes at him again. 
“Of course, she’s excellent at it! She’s the fabled miracle doctor. I would tell Flynn about it if I hadn’t promised Bonnie I’d keep her identity a secret. I wish I could tell him how badass 
Bonnie is.” 
? ? ? 
Although the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference had nearly ended, Bonnie still had some free time. It had been a long time since she browsed through the antiques show. Now that she was in Jorcrovania, it was a perfect chance for her to do just that. 
Bonnie looked at the duo and asked, “Why were you two following me?” 
“Hehe… We came to see what you’ll buy at the antiques show. You know, curiosity,” Avril 
said smilingly. 
“Y–Yeah, what she said,” Flynn added. 
“Fine, then, Bonnie responded, casually. Then, she started browsing through the antiques. 
show. 
“Hey, missy!” One of the store owners waved a majolica at Avril and started promoting it. Take a look at this fine majolica. It was made in one of the five great kilns in ancient Arvandor fifteen centuries ago! Look, I think fate brought you here for a reason. 
“So, how about it? It’s worth half a million, but I’ll give you a fifty percent discount. You know what? I’ll make it easier for both of us. Let’s set the price at two hundred thousand dollars and call it a day. What do you say?” 
Avril took the majolica and examined it. Then, her eyes sparkled. She loved it very much. 
Will you take a look at this, Bonnie? Do you think it’s authentic? I think it is.” 
Bonnle did not even grace the majolica. She said, “Are you up on your history lessons? The five great kilns of ancient Arvandor weren’t built until ten centuries ago.” 
Avril returned the majolica to the store owner and pouted at him. She then took Bonnie’s arm and grumbled, “It’s good I came with you. Otherwise, that guy would’ve duped me.” 
Then, Bonnie noticed Flynn was about to pay for an antique porcelain in another store. 
“Really? You’re paying five million dollars for that sorry excuse of porcelain?” 
The store owner was displeased when he heard that. “Hey, watch your mouth, missy! Are you looking down on it because it looks ancient? The archaeologists unearthed this. porcelain from an ancient ruin. Look at its unique, vintage craftwork. It dates back to a millennia, at least.” 
“That’s right, Bonnie. It’s an excavated antique porcelain. I’m sure it’s worth a lot. Grandpa loves this stuff. So, I’m buying it for him,” Flynn said. 
She was speechless for a while. Then, she looked at Flynn and said, “You mistook it for an 
excavated antique porcelain because it looks ancient. I can tell by one glance that it’s a 
fake. 
“It’s easy to make porcelains look older than it is. They only had to rinse it in hydrochloric acid until it turned yellowish and cracked. Then, they’d bury it in the earth and leave it there for three months. That’s how they make porcelains look ancient.” 
“Is that the truth?” Flynn turned to the guilty–looking store owner. 
Avril said displeasingly, “Sheesh, Flynn! It’s not like you haven’t seen how badass Bonnie is. 
How could you doubt her?” 
After some thought, Flynn came to the same conclusion. After all, Bonnie was Pan’s apprentice. Moreover, she saw an invaluable ice jadeite with a floating flower pattern in an 
unassuming piece of rock. 
‘What was I thinking, doubting her skills?‘ 
“Huh?” Bonnie stopped when she passed by another store. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 304
Chapter 304 
What’s wrong?” Avril and Flynn asked simultaneously. As far as they were concerned, Bonnie must have seen something exceptionally well for her to react that way. They looked where she pointed and saw nothing more than a dog enjoying its lunch. 
Avril and Flynn were stunned. 
“Do you want the dog, Bonnie? It’s just a common dog and doesn’t look cute either.” Avril could not understand why Bonnie wanted the dog. 
Flynn retorted on Bonnie’s behalf, “What on earth are you thinking? She must like it 
because she wants to eat it. She doesn’t care if it’s adorable.” 
Avril did not know how to respond, while Bonnie thought, ‘These two aren’t making sense at all. What a pair of clowns.” 
“Excuse me, sir. How much are you willing to sell this bowl for?” 
‘The bowl?! Reall?!‘ 
The duo blushed in embarrassment. 
The store owner was shocked, too. “Are you joking, miss? It’s just a dog bowl.” 
“I’ll pay you a hundred grand for it.” Bonnie was determined to purchase the bowl. 
The store owner’s eyes glinted with a hint of cunning when he realized her sincerity. “Miss, although you look young, you have sharp eyes, I’m impressed.” 
The man dumped the dog food onto the ground and handed the bowl to Bonnie. He said, ” It might look worn out, but this is made in the kiln of Emperor Gearoid Walshington’s palace. He also owned the Primordial Kiln. Are you familiar with the five great kilns in 
ancient Arvandor? 
“There’s the Primordial Kiln, Sovereign Kiln, Luminescent Kiln, Kinship Kiln, Cosmic Kiln. Among them, the Primordial, Kiln is the most prominent. They say one would much rather own a piece of the Primordial Kiln than a sea of wealth. That should tell you just how 
invaluable this bowl is. 
“Even a hundred grand won’t reflect its worth. Here’s the deal. I’ll sell it to you for half a million dollars. You’re so pretty I’m willing to part with it at half its original value.” 
Avril was flabbergasted, exclaiming, “What the hell?! Has greed clouded your mind? What 
was that bullshit about a Primordial Klin? Why would you use it as a dog bowl if pe Navaluable? What are you thinking?” 
Flynn agreed. “What a load of crap. There’s no way you’d find anything made in the Primordial Kiln on the market now. You can’t even get anything made in the ancient common kilns nowadays. Do you think we’re gullible?” 
Hey, watch your mouth. I’m using it as a dog bowl because it’d be ill–advised to let people know I own such a prized possession. It’s a perfect example of hiding it in plain sight.” The store owner was furious. 
Flynn and Avril stared him down. A while later, Bonnie said, “What are the odds? I plan to use it as a dog bowl, too. I’ll offer you ten grand. I’ll leave if you haggle over the price.” 
“Say what?! You offered me a hundred grand earlier, miss. Why’d you lower it to ten grand?” The store owner grew worried. 
Bonnie refused to waste time on him. She looked at the duo and said, “Come on, let’s 
check out the other stores.” 
“That’s an excellent idea. Let’s go to Sacryment. It’s bigger and has better goods than this dump. We might even find an invaluable antique ware there.” Avril held Bonnie’s arm and 
left. 
The store owner realized they were about to leave for real and hastily called out to them, Hey, wait! Fine. Ten grand, it is. You guys have gotten a sweet deal. It’s a legacy from ancient Arvandor, after all.” 
Avril rolled her eyes, saying, “Ugh, forget about it, Bonnie. I know you’re rich, but consider how you spend your money.” 
you 
should 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 305
Chapter 305 
Bonnle tumed and looked at the store owner. “A thousand dollars.” 
Listen up, miss. You’re- 
Bonnie cut him off before the store owner could finish, “It’ll be a hundred if you keep going. Have you ever seen a dog bowl worth a thousand dollars? I’ll keep moving if you haggle over the price.” 
He realized Bonnie’s patience had worn out and was unhappy about it. Still, a thousand dollars was a lot for a dogbowl. So, he was still earning more than he could have bargained. for. “Fine, fine. That’s just my luck. A thousand, it is. Here, take it.” 
Bonnie paid the store owner, and Avril examined the bowl. The latter could not help but ask, “What do you want this dog bowl for?” 
Bonnie was pleased with her purchase, saying, “That bowl was made in Emperor Gearoid Walshington’s Primordial Kiln. It’ll be worth at least five million dollars if I put it up for 
auction.” 
Avril and Flynn’s eyes widened with surprise. 
“I–Is this actually made in the Primordial Kiln? Are you toying with me?” 
“She’s right. If this is an invaluable antique bowl from the Primordial Kiln, why would he use it as a dog bowl?” 
Bonnie disdainfully looked at the store owner, whose face fell. “He doesn’t recognize its value and thought it was just a cheap bowl. He’s got no one else to blame but himself.” 
The store owner was beside himself with rage. “The deal’s off. Give it back!” 
“We agreed on a price and made the transaction. You can’t take it back once you’ve sold it. That’s how it works in the antique ware circle. Moreover, you meant trickle me. If logic prevails, people like you must’ve duped a lot of money from ignorant buyers. Be grateful I 
paid you a thousand dollars for it 
Bonnie’s words cut so deep that the store owner wanted to tear her head off. However, he could not do it in the antique show, not to mention in broad daylight. Still, that did not 
mean he could do it later, either. 
‘She’ll pay for this soon!” 
When the trio left, the store owner made a phone call, “Bruno, gather your men. I need you 
to teach someone a lesson.” 
Bonnie and the other two browsed the antique show for a while longer before leaving. Avril 
asked, “Are we going to Sacryment?” 
Bonnie rubbed her belly and said, “I’m a little hungry. Let’s grab some food instead. Our flight’s on tomorrow afternoon. We can visit Sacryment tomorrow morning.” 
“All right, let’s do that.” 
“I’m pretty familiar with this area. I’ll take you guys to a nice restaurant,” Flynn suggested: 
“Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s go.” 
The trio walked for a while and turned into an alley. Then, a group of thugs blocked their way. These guys wore Halloween masks, so Bonnie could not recognize them. They were 
also armed with machetes and bats, closing in on the trio. 
“Who are you guys? What are you doing?” Bonnie asked dryly. 
“Heh, heh! Do you have to ask? We’re muggers, of course. Cut the crap and give up all of your valuable belongings! Otherwise, we’ll take more drastic measures!” The lead thug 
waved his machete at Bonnie. 
Bonnie lowered her gaze and pondered before questioning, “Did the dog bowl store owner 
send you?” 
The thugs exchanged glances when they heard that, wondering how she figured it out. It was as if Bonnie could read their minds because the next thing she said was, “Are you guys 
wondering how I figured it out?” 
Avril and Flynn gazed at her, also curious about how she figured it out. 
Bonnie analyzed the situation leisurely, “It’s simple. You asked for our valuable belongings. We just left an antique store. If you didn’t know we had the bowl made in the Primordial Kiln, why would you decide to mug us now?” 
“Hahaha! You’re bright, indeed, but you’re still a fool. We don’t know any antique store 
owner.” 
“Why are we still wasting our breath with her, chief? Let’s mug them before things get 
complicated!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 306
Chapter 306 
You’re right. Let’s get them, boys! Once we finish this job, I’ll take you out for a good time! 
The other thugs grew excited when they heard what their chief said. They raised their weapons and dived at Bonnie and her friends. 
Avril and Flynn paled at that moment, both frozen in terror. The latter exclaimed, “D–Don’t do anything rash! I’m from the Knight family, y’know!” 
One of the thugs turned and asked his leader, “Chief, he says he’s from the Knight family.” 
“What a moron. Are you going to believe everything he says? Stop wasting time and mug” 
them!” 
“R–Roger!” 
“Bonnie, what should we do? There are so many of them. We can’t fight them off,” Avril fearfully said while cowering behind her friend. 
Bonnie flashed her a faint smile and said, “Don’t worry. There might be many of them, but 
we have more people on our side.” 
“Huh?” Avril was puzzled. After all, there were only three of them. Worse, Bonnie was the 
only one who knew how to fight. 
On the other hand, Flynn understood Bonnie’s implications. Excitement soon replaced hist 
anxiety. 
Chop–chop–chop! 
A moment later, they heard the sound of a helicopter above them. Everyone looked up and saw one helicopter in the air. Soon after, a second helicopter flew in, followed by a third, and a fourth. Eventually, ten helicopters gathered. 
Everyone except Bonnie and Flynn gawked at the astounding sight as teams of men in 
army uniforms slid down the helicopter ropes. Before they knew it, the men pointed their 
rifles and pistols at the thugs surrounding them. 
The thugs were so terrified they could almost pass out. 
“Ch–chief, what’s happening?!” 
“I–I could ask you the same thing!” 
There were more than enough men to deal with a riot in an entire city. It looked like the army men were busting an International crime organization, even though the small–time thugs were Just mugging a young lady. 
Take them to the brigs!” The squad leader barked. 
“Sir, yes, sir!” 
His team moved in quickly and subdued the thugs before dragging them away. Soon after, silence hung over the alley, and the trio were the only ones remaining. 
Avril’s jaw dropped when the helicopters arrived until now. Finally, she stammered, “Wh- what on earth just happened? Why would a whole squad of army men appear to seize those thugs?” 
Flynn would have liked to tell her what happened. However, he could say nothing because he needed to keep Bonnie’s identity a secret. The big commotion reminded him of the days he went against Bonnie. Flynn understood how shocked and helpless the thugs must 
have felt. 
A sense of joy arose in his chest. Finally, he was not the only one who had suffered a similar traumatic experience. 
Bonnie said leisurely, “Maybe the thugs committed serious wicked crimes in the past.” 
Flynn could not help but grumble internally, ‘Exactly! Those thugs tried to mug the leading. researcher of Arvandor! If things go wrong, they might even endanger her life. 
‘They’ll soon learn what atrocious crime they had just committed. I’m sure they’ll regret it very much because they’re about to rot in prison for the rest of their lives. Fortunately, Grandpa saved Bonnie’s life once. 
‘Otherwise, I would’ve suffered the same fate–possibly worse than these thugs back when 
I crossed her.” 
Meanwhile, the store owner awaited the good news from his group of thugs. However, instead of seeing his henchmen, Jim appeared with a team of policemen. 
“What can I do for you, officers?” The store owner thought Jim looked familiar, but the former could not tell why. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 307
Chapter 307 
Jim said coldly, “We did some digging around and found you responsible for the mugging of Ms. Bonita, 
The store owner was so shocked that he stammered, “Wh–what? M–Ms. Bonita?” 
Finally, he recognized the man before him, “A–Are you the Master Jim?!” 
‘This man is Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard! No wonder why I thought he looked familiar. I’ve seen Jim on TV before!” 
“Th–this must be a misunderstanding. I don’t even know what Ms. Bonita looks like. If that’s the case, I couldn’t have ordered my men to mug-” 
Realization set in as he put two and two together. He froze as Bonnie’s face appeared in his mind.. 
‘If memory serves me right, the girl and guy beside that girl called her Bonnie. Come on, is this a joke?! Was that girl the famous Ms. Bonita?” 
“How could you not know what she looks like? She bought a bowl made from the Primordial Kiln from you. I saw it myself,” Jim retorted. 
The store owner slumped to the floor, pale as cold sweat rolled down his cheeks. 
‘My life is over.” 
Bonnie and the gang took a flight back to Pyralis on Sunday afternoon. 
As a chatterbox, Flynn kept talking to Bonnie all flight long. Worse, even Avril chattered 
nonstop, “This is unexpected, but the store owner who tried to dupe us was captured for 
crossing Ms. Bonita.” 
Bonnie continued to read a medical magazine and did not respond to Avril. The latter 
continued, “I guess he had it coming. Still, we owe one to Ms. Bonita. If it weren’t for her, 
those thugs would’ve gotten what they wanted last night.” 
Flynn looked at Avril as if looking at a simpleton. He thought, “Come on, Ms. Bonita is right beside you. Otherwise, why would the army appear to arrest those thugs?” 
When the plane landed in Pyralis, Bonnie saw Ivor waiting from afar. He strode toward her 
and glared at Flynn, saying, “She’s my fiancee. Keep your distance. 
Uh.. 
Flynn knew Ivor was Jealous of him, so he hastily explained, “I have nothing but admiration 
and respect for Bonnie. I don’t have any funny ideas about her, Ivor. If I do, may the heavens strike me with thunder.” 
“Hmm, well said.” Ivor nodded approvingly. 
Flynn was surprised and dazed. After all, he had never received a compliment from his cousin until now. Although he was not thrilled about it, it felt strange. 
“Let’s go.” Ivor held Bonnie’s hand and pulled her away. His smile grew wider when he realized she did not shake him off. He added, “We’ll have dinner at my place. I told the kitchen staff to make your favorite dishes for you. 
“I even picked your favorite bottle of wine from the cellar. That reminds me, I also told Alfred to pick up some desserts from Dessert Oasis.” 
Bonnie felt pleasantly surprised. After hearing what he had prepared for her, she was unsure how to turn down his offer. More importantly, it would be unacceptable for her to waste the wine, dishes, and desserts. 
“All right, I’ll go with you.” 
“Once we finish 
dinner, we’ll visit Grandma. I made an appointment with Dr. Fanelli several days ago. He’ll be there tonight. Have you met him before? It doesn’t matter. Tonight’s a wonderful opportunity for you to meet him.” 
Bonnie stopped when she heard that. Her eyes widened in shock. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 308
Chapter 308 
Bonnie had received a text from Ivor before she went to Jocrovania. He stated that he had made an appointment for her to treat his grandmother. Bonnie was so focused on antique gemstones for the past few days that the appointment slipped her mind. 
“Um, I won’t be going to the hospital tonight.” 
Ivor asked in puzzlement, “Why not? I wanted to introduce you to Dr. Fanelli a while ago, but you turned it down because you had something to attend to. If I remember correctly, you felt bad for missing the chance to meet him. What’s stopping you this time?” 
Bonnie felt stumped. She had said that last time because she needed to dispel Ivor’s suspicions about her. She answered, “Nothing special. It’s just that it was a long flight from Jocrovania, and I’m exhausted. I want to sleep as early as possible after dinner. 
“Also, it’ll take longer than a few sessions to treat your Grandma’s osteoarthritis. I’ll meet 
Dr. Fanelli another time.” 
“Sure thing. You should sleep earlier if you’re tired.” Ivor squinted at her, subtly scanning her. He knew how strong she was and that a trip to Jocrovania would not have drained her so much. Bonnie would not feel tired even if Ivor took her on a journey around the world. 
He was sure she was trying to keep something from him. 
After dinner, Ivor visited his grandmother alone. He told her to take a good rest before leaving. He had also told Floyd to watch over Bonnie at home. 
Bonnie glanced at Floyd, standing guard by her door. She concluded that Ivor was indeed suspicious of her. She said, “Go and rest, Floyd. I’m going to bed now.” 
“I’m okay, Ms. Bonnie. You should get some sleep. I’ll continue to guard your room.” 
“I’m not used to having someone standing by the door. I can’t sleep if you don’t leave. If you keep standing here, I might as well return to Lenfield Resort.” 
“Well, I-” Floyd was stumped. “Let me call Mr. Ivor.” 
“Suit yourself.” Bonnie closed the door and returned to her room. 
If Ivor had not insisted that she spend the night here, she would have returned to Lenfield 
Resort. That way, Floyd would not have guarded the door and blocked her exit. Even so, 
she could not blame Ivor entirely. After all, Bonnie had a soft spot for him. 
Even so, she just could not stand it when Ivor Insisted on her staying. 
There was a reason Bonnle stayed. At least she would know Floyd was around to monitor 
If she had returned to Lenfield Resort, he would have stalked her without her 
knowledge. 
Bonnie played some music on her phone and raised the volume. She then locked the door and slid open the window before leaping out. 
In the hospital, Ivor stared at Bonnie, who disguised herself as Dr. Fanelli. The former could not explain his thoughts. Although the doctor looked nothing like Bonnie, there was 
something familiar about the doctor’s eyes. 
“What took you so long, Dr. Fanelli?” 
“I apologize, but the traffic is terrible tonight.” Bonnie had thought of that excuse before 
coming. 
“There’s no need to apologize, Doc. My grandma’s waiting for you in there. Please begin the treatment.” Ivor gestured for her to enter. 
“Of course.” Bonnie entered and greeted Winnie before treating her. 
Meanwhile, Ivor gazed at the doctor and noticed the piercing in the doctor’s ears. The former lowered his gaze and asked in puzzlement, “Why do you have an ear piercing, Doc?” 
Bonnie’s heart sank, but she seemed unfazed on the outside. She said, “You’re pretty conservative, Mr. Ivor. We’re not living in ancient times. It’s normal for guys to have a piercing or two these days.” 
Ivor kept his suspicions in check while monitoring the doctor’s expression. He said, “Yeah, it’s quite common for a guy to have a piercing, but not two.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 309
Chapter 309 
Oh, Bonnie responded briefly and did not bother to explain herself. 
That’s enough, Ivor. Why are you hounding Dr. Fanelli with these mundane questions? Mind how you carry yourself.” Winnie did not understand why her grandson was uncharacteristically drilling the doctor’s private life. 
There’s something off about him today.” 
“Hmm, you have a point, Grandma.” With that, he stopped questioning the doctor. He did not say a word until Bonnie finished the treatment, and he brought her out of the ward. 
Ivor said, “I have a friend whose grandfather’s health is deteriorating. None of the prominent doctors he hired knew where to begin. He asked me for a favor. Will you check on his grandfather for me?” 
Bonnie looked at him and said, “If that’s the case, why didn’t your friend attend the auction 
for the miracle doctor’s service?” 
Ivor explained, “Where do I even begin? My friend’s grandfather is pretty stubborn. He feels bad that his family worked so hard to find countless doctors for his condition. It has been over a decade, but they still aren’t close to finding him a cure.. 
“So, he’s beginning to think there’s no cure for his condition. He thinks his family is just wasting their time and money for him. That’s why he told them to give up on him.” 
Bonnie was confused, asking, “So, why is your friend looking for a doctor for his grandfather now?” 
Ivor’s brows furrowed as he stared at her. “He’s so ill that he’s bedridden. He practically has one foot in a grave. He won’t last until New Year if the family doesn’t do anything now. I know you have protocols for how you do things, Doc. I’m asking you to do me a favor this time. I’ll owe you one afterward and will do everything I can to repay you.” 
Bonnie would have helped him even if he did not mention the latter part. After all, Ivor had helped her numerous times, even though she did not need his help. 
“No problem.” 
Ivor’s eyes widened in surprise. He did not expect to succeed so quickly. He had even devised several ideas to convince the doctor if he turned him down. 
Thanks, Doo. No words could describe Ivor’s gratefulness besides this brief response 
When can I drop by your friend’s place?” She asked. 
It’s your call.” 
After some thought, she said, “We’ll do it tomorrow night.” 
Since she needed to treat Harold in the Shepards‘ house tomorrow afternoon, she could finish everything in one day. 
The following day, Bonnie visited the Shepards‘ house to treat Harold. A while later, 
Hadwin and his mother arrived. Demetria told her son, “I heard the miracle doctor will treat 
Harold this afternoon. We must establish a good relationship with the doctor.” 
“You can count on me, Mom. I came prepared.” Hadwin waved the expensive gifts he had 
brought. Rhodes spent plenty of money on these gifts to make a good impression on the 
miracle doctor. 
“Come on, let’s head in.” 
“Okay.” 
When Trina heard Hadwin and Demetria had arrived, she paled and hastened over to stop. 
them. “Hi, Hadwin and Demetria. What brings you here?” 
“We heard that the miracle doctor is here. We prepared some gifts for them.” Hadwin 
could not wait to meet the doctor. 
However, Trina was worried, thinking ‘I knew they’d come to meet the miracle doctor! I won’t let that happen. I must stop them no matter what. They must never know who the 
miracle doctor really is!” 
“Say, where did you hear that from?” 
“Are you telling me the doctor isn’t here?” Demetria was startled, asking, “How can that 
be?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 310
Chapter 310 
You must’ve misheard. The miracle doctor Isn’t here today, I swear.” 
Demetria looked at Trina suspiciously. The former was confident she had gotten the right news. “If the doctor isn’t here today, when will they drop by?” 
“I–I’m not sure about that.” 
“Is that so?” Demetria smiled and added, “That’s okay. Since we’re here, we might as well stick around. It’s almost lunchtime, so why don’t we join you?” 
“Um…” Trina grew worried again. 
Demetria knew something seemed unusual about her future daughter–in–law. Trina was undoubtedly hiding something. If not, she would not behave so strangely. 
Demetria questioned, “What’s wrong? Is this how your family treats their guests? Don’t be cheapskates and refuse to cook a meal for us.” 
“No, no, that’s not it. It’s just-” 
“Just what? I’ve had enough of you. If the doctor isn’t around, I’ll just talk to your mom,” Demetria said as she walked past Trina. 
The latter realized her future mother–in–law was about to enter the house and tried to block 
her. However, Hadwin stopped Trina and said, “What’s wrong, Trina? Why do I feel you don’t want us to go inside? Are you hiding something?” 
He also noticed something amiss with Trina. 
“That’s preposterous. What do I have to hide?” 
“All right, I believe you. Come on, let’s go inside together.” Hadwin chased after his mother. 
I 
Meanwhile, cold sweat covered Trina’s forehead. 
‘Oh, no! What do I do now?” 
When Demetria and Hadwin reached the living room, no one was around to greet them. 
The latter asked, “Where is everyone?” 
Demetria gazed upstairs at Harold’s room and said, “If my assumptions are correct, the 
doctor should be treating Harold now. The whole family should be in his room.” 
thought Trina said the doctor isn’t here today. 
After some thought, Demetria responded, “Trina’s trying to hide something from us.” 
What do you think she’s trying to hide?” 
guess we’ll find out.” 
When Trina entered the living room, the mother and son were upstairs. They opened Harold’s room door, and Hadwin’s eyes widened in disbelief. “How is that possible?! Wait, 
what?” 
At that moment, Bonnie was administering acupuncture to Harold while the rest of the Shepards huddled around his bed. Suddenly, Hadwin remembered calling off his engagement to Bonnie. He also remembered the countless times he looked down on her. 
Demetria covered her mouth and gasped, exclaiming, “I–I can’t believe Bonnie’s the world- renowned miracle doctor! That’s impossible!” 
Simultaneously, the older woman understood why Trina tried to stop her and her son from entering. The latter did not want them to learn about Bonnie’s identity as the miracle doctor. Trina feared Hadwin would ditch her and choose to marry Bonnie instead. 
Gresham and Vera also felt concerned when they saw the mother and son’s expressions. The former duo felt uneasy for Trina. 
When Bonnie finished the treatment, she stood up and prepared to leave. However, Hadwin stood before her and questioned, “Hold it, Bonnie! Are you really the miracle 
doctor?” 
Bonnie looked at him and responded casually, “What do you think?” 
“Y–You are the miracle doctor! Why didn’t you tell me earlier ?!” Hadwin was 
immense regret. 
furious with 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 311
Cha
Chapter 311 
Bonnie looked at the pale Trina standing at the door. The former then turned to Hadwin and giggled, saying, “You wouldn’t have cheated on me with Trina if I told you. That way, you could’ve bragged about marrying the miracle doctor. That’s how it works, right?” 
Hadwin was stunned because Bonnie’s assumption was right. She had seen through him 
and revealed his true intentions to everyone. 
Meanwhile, Trina gripped her dress as she gritted her teeth. 
Demetria stepped forward and revealed a loving smile at Bonnie. The former said, “It was all a big misunderstanding. He called off the engagement because we thought you were al good–for–nothing. The fact is that you and Hadwin are a match made in heaven. 
“Also, you were engaged to Hadwin first. Trina is nothing more than an accident. I’ll tell my son to announce that he’s canceling his engagement with Trina. Then, we’ll pick another date for your engagement party with Hadwin.” 
“Another engagement party?” Bonnie said sarcastically. 
“If you think it’s redundant, we’ll arrange a wedding ceremony instead.” Demetria knew 
Bonnie and her son should get married immediately. 
Once they revealed Bonnie’s true identity, plenty of contenders would ask for her hand in marriage. The Rhodes would have no chance to get her then. Demetria wanted to seal the 
deal as soon as possible. 
She continued, “Perhaps we could do it next Saturday. Although it seems rushed, we’ll reserve the most upscale hotel and get you a hand–tailored wedding dress. You won’t have 
to worry about a thing.” 
Trina was furious, her eyes red as she looked at her parents. 
Vera was just as mad, saying, “How can you do this, Demetria?! Trina and Hadwin are engaged, and my daughter gave him her virginity. Y–You-” 
Demetria said blankly, “Don’t blame me. I wouldn’t have discovered Bonnie’s real identity if 
I hadn’t come here today. Put yourself in my shoes, Vera. Would you have chosen Bonnie 
or Trina as your daughter–in–law? I’m sure anyone would choose Bonnie.” 
Vera countered, “You say that, but we disowned Bonnie much earlier. She has nothing to do with my family. Hadwin was the one who proposed to Trina. Also, Bonnie isn’t my 
blological daughter, Trina is.” 
She’s right, Gresham took his wife’s side, adding, “Bonnie is no longer one of us. That means her engagement with Hadwin was irrelevant.” 
After some thought, Demetria said, “You have a point. 
Trina and her parents sighed in relief. However, they did not expect Demetria to approach 
Bonnie and say, “Now that you’re no longer a member of their family, I don’t have to ask for their permission or opinions. Instead, I’ll just ask you. How about marrying Hadwin next Saturday?” 
Vera said hastily, “What do you mean by that, Demetria?” 
Demetria casually glanced at her and said, “You guys clarified that seconds ago. You’re no longer related to Bonnie, meaning she gets to make her own decisions. She can decide- who to marry. Of course, I’ll ask her about it.” 
“Listen-” Vera choked on her words while her husband turned red with rage. 
Suddenly, Bonnie walked toward the door, almost leaving. 
Demetria noticed it and chased after her. “Where do you think you’re going, Bonnie?! I need 
your answer.” 
However, Bonnie ignored her and continued walking despite how hysterical Demetria 
seemed. 
“Bonnie!” Demetria yelled again, but it was useless. She knew Bonnie would not stop, so she had to race after her. Ultimately, she managed to stand in Bonnie’s way. “I’m talking to you, young lady. What’s the hurry?” 
Bonnie grinned and said sarcastically, “Who the hell do you think you are? What made your think you could boss me around? I don’t have to marry your son just because you said so. Do everyone a favor and tighten that loose s*** in your head.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 312
Chapter 312 
Although Demetria was upset, she suppressed her anger because of Bonnie’s identity as the miracle doctor. The former forced a smile and said, “I know you’re unhappy with how we treated you in the past. I’m also aware of your temper. 
“Even so, the universe must’ve brought you and my son together for a reason. It’d be a shame to miss out on a match made in heaven. We knew nothing about your identity before today. Ugh, I’m getting nowhere with this. How about I apologize to you, and we’ll 
start over?” 
“Hmph,” Bonnie smirked. 
Demetria glanced at her son. “Um, how about Hadwin apologize to you as well?” 
Hadwin knew what his mother was trying to do and walked over. “I’m sorry, Bonnie. I didn’t know any better. I thought you were a good–for–nothing when you were the world–renowned 
miracle doctor instead. 
“I swear to shower you with nothing but love and respect once we’re married. I’ll make up for my past mistakes. It’s a promise- 
Bonnie left before he could finish. 
‘Damn it!‘ Hadwin cursed internally. He gritted his teeth and chased after her to bug her. 
However, Bonnie made a phone call, “Hello, is this the police department? I have a stalker 
who won’t leave me alone.” 
Hadwin heard her words and froze, asking, “Are you serious, Bonnie?!” 
“Mhm, I’ll give you my location right away.” 
“Bonnie!” Hadwin roared. 
“Do 
you hear how loud and scary he is? Although I’m talking to you fine officers, it doesn’t deter him. Bring as many officers as you can. You must put him behind bars, officer.” 
Hadwin was about to explode. Ultimately, he could do nothing but watch as Bonnie left. Suddenly, a dozen police cars showed up and surrounded him. Not only that, the officers 
were from a SWAT team. 
“Are you the thug who has been harassing a young lady earlier?” 
Hadwin froze. 
Firstly, it’s a misunderstanding. Secondly, do they need such a big team even if I did harass a young lady?! If I didn’t know any better, I would’ve thought I harassed some royalty or something.” 
a 
“Th that’s not true, officer! It’s just understanding. Bonnie and I know each other. 
She’s just- 
The SWAT team’s expressions turned grave when they heard Bonnie’s name. The chief exclaimed, “How dare you! Take him away, men!” 
Two officers grabbed Hadwin from both sides and dragged him to the police car. Demetria was shocked but quickly regained her senses and explained, “Officer, you must’ve misunderstood something! My son didn’t harass Bonnie, I swear!” 
“We’ll get to the bottom of it soon enough, ma’am. Please don’t get in our way.” 
Demetria could just cry as she hastily pulled out her phone and called her husband, “Draco, the police arrested Hadwin!” 
Draco’s brows furrowed. “What happened?” 
“It’s all Bonnie’s fault!” Demetria told her husband everything that had just happened. Simultaneously, Jim called Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 313
Chapter 313 
Before Jim could say anything, Bonnie asked, “Did you ask a SWAT team to arrest Hadwin? 
“He had it coming.” 
She helplessly shook her head. As expected, she had only called the police department and wondered why they sent a SWAT team instead. It looked like they came to arrest an International fugitive instead of just Hadwin. 
Meanwhile, Demetria ran to Bonnie and scolded, “You b***! Hadwin was just trying to win you over. How dare you call the cops on him. I finally know why your family refused to let you rejoin them even if you are the miracle doctor. 
“You’re such a vicious woman who brings disaster wherever she goes. You made a false report against my son!” 
Bonnie sneered at Demetria as if the latter was the biggest moron she had ever met, saying, “I knew you had a s*** loose. The cops didn’t just arrest your son because he harassed me. No SWAT team has ever arrested anyone for something so small. 
“What are you talking about?” 
“Jeez, your stupidity astounds me, Demetria. I thought it was obvious. A SWAT team just arrested your son, not just the cops. It isn’t about me. Your son must’ve broken the law in a 
far more sinister way. 
“Maybe he blew up an airport and murdered several victims. I don’t know what he did, but it must be horrible. He’s probably a lost cause by now.” 
“I–I can’t believe you called my son a lost cause. How dare you make such a claim?!” Demetria roared. She was mindful that Bonnie might call the cops on her, too. Otherwise, she would have pounced on the young lady. 
Bonnie smirked, saying, “Because I saw a SWAT team take him away, that’s why. Fine, let’s give Hadwin the benefit of the doubt. Why do you think the cops sent a SWAT team?” 
“Well, I…” Demetria was so angry that she could barely respond. 
“Hmph,” Bonnie scoffed and ignored the older lady before turning to leave. 
Meanwhile, Trina sighed in relief when she saw Bonnie leave. After all, the Rhodes could 
no longer call off her engagement with Hadwin. 
Bonnie reached the Days‘ house around four in the afternoon. Her cab had just pulled over When she saw Ivor’s Maybach approaching the entrance. He said, “What a coincidence. 
Yeah.” Their conversation sounded a little uneasy and forced. 
The Day family is waiting for us inside. Let’s go, Doc.” 
“Sure.” 
The Days huddled around Bonnie when she entered the living room, welcoming her to their place. The guy in the lead sported dashing features. 
Ivor said, “He’s the friend I mentioned before. Meet Sebastian Day.” 
“Hello there,” Bonnie greeted him politely. 
On the other hand, Sebastian was quite surprised to see her. “I–Is he the miracle doctor?” 
“Mhm, he’s Dr. Fanelli,” Ivor responded. 
“He’s so young, though! What a pleasant surprise. If I may, Doc, how old are you?” Sebastian could not help but ask. 
“I’m twenty,” She answered truthfully. 
Not only was Sebastian stunned, but Ivor was also dumbfounded. 
‘I asked Dr. Fanelli about his private life, but I never considered asking his age. Hmmm, perhaps he just looks young. I’m sure he’s much older than twenty. After all, everyone needs time to accumulate their experience in the medical field.” 
“It’s incredible that you possess extraordinary medical knowledge at such a young age! I can see why they call you the miracle doctor!” Sebastian was not shy about showering the doctor with high praise. 
At that moment, a young lady approached and looked at Bonnie sparklingly. The former asked, “Why didn’t you introduce him to me too, Ivor?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 314
Chapter 314 
tvor saw the young lady looking at him with puppy–dog eyes, knowing what was on her mind. He said, “Doctor, meet Jordynn Day. She’s Sebastian’s younger sister.” 
“Oh, hello.” Bonnie extended her hand. 
Jordynn blushed and shook the doctor’s hand, stammering, “G–Greetings, Doctor Fanelli.” 
Ivor and Sebastian exchanged glances, both knowing Jordynn’s intentions. They thought it would be beneficial if the doctor and Jordynn got together. 
Sebastian looked at Bonnie and said, “My grandpa’s in this room, Dr. Fanelli. He’s not feeling too well and can’t come downstairs to welcome you. I’ll have to trouble you to go, upstairs to check on him.” 
“That’s okay. I’ll just head upstairs.” Bonnie climbed the stairs and entered the room. 
Jordynn ran to the side of the bed and took her brother’s arms. She would occasionally steal glances at Bonnie and blush. The former said, “Grandpa, this is Dr. Fanelli. He’s the 
miracle doctor we told you about.” 
Gibson was older and more experienced than everyone in the room. It did not take him long to notice his granddaughter’s fondness for the doctor. 
He glanced at the doctor and thought he was good–looking and sophisticated. Indeed, the older man thought the doctor was more handsome than an actor. No wonder the usually picky Jordynn had a crush on “Bonnie.” 
“You look young and accomplished, Dr. Fanelli.” 
“You’re too kind, Mr. Gibson,” Bonnie responded lightly. She then went to the side of the 
bed to check his pulse. 
The older man’s fondness for Bonnie grew. After all, she took compliments without letting her ego inflate. Moreover, she looked unfazed by his praise. 
‘That’s the mark of an incredible man in the making. It’d be wonderful if Dr. Fanelli ends up 
marrying my granddaughter.” 
“Your condition isn’t too severe, Mr. Gibson. You’ve just been overworking and neglecting your health for too long. Mr. Ivor said your symptoms have worsened. Did you take anything to reinvigorate yourself, such as ginseng or ganoderma?” Bonnie guessed. 
Jordyng gave her a thumbs–up and said, “You’re good at this! You took less than a minute to figure that out!” 
Bonnie noticed something unnerving about the way Jordynn looked at her. Nonetheless the former said, “As I said, you’ve neglected your health for too long, Mr. Gibson. Your body can’t take something too strong, even if the supplement was meant to reinvigorate you.” Jordynn’s eyes sparkled whenever she looked at Bonnie. The former was oblivious that she was edging closer to the doctor, asking, “What do we do? Is there a way to cure Grandpa?” “There’s a cure, but your grandpa will have-” Before she could finish, Jordynn grabbed Bonnie’s hands and said gleefully, “Really?! That’s all that matters, Dr. Fanelli. I’ll do anything you say!” 
Bonnie looked at Jordynn’s hands and then at her reddened face. 
‘Uh, countless men have confessed their love to me. I’m numb to it now, but this is the first time a girl has fallen in love with me.” 
Bonnie withdrew her hands and said, “I don’t have any special terms. You just have to pay for the treatment, as usual.” 
Jordynn was disappointed when she heard that. 
“Don’t worry, Dr. Fanelli. We’ll pay you for the treatment.” Sebastian pulled his sister aside. and whispered, “Pull yourself together, Jordynn. You’re scaring the doctor.” 
Jordynn retorted, “Dr. Fanelli’s not as timid as you think. Also, we’re all adults here. What’s there to be worried about?” 
Sebastian palmed his forehead, not knowing how to respond. 
Then, Gibson looked at Bonnie and asked, “Do you have a girlfriend, Dr. Fanelli?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 315
Chapter 315 
At that moment, everyone gazed at Gibson and Bonnie. 
Thump, thump! Thump, thump! 
Jordynn’s heart pounded while she held her chest. 
Bonnie knew what the older man meant by asking such a question, but she answered truthfully, “Not at the moment, Mr. Gibson.” 
“That’s wonderful!” Gibson laughed heartily and pulled Jordynn over. “My granddaughter’s single, too. How about I set you two up?” 
Bonnie’s eye twitched, knowing this would happen. Meanwhile, Jordynn was so 
embarrassed that she did not know what to do. 
The room fell silent before Ivor said, “Sebastian’s sister is certainly eye–catching, Doc. Also, she’s the same age as you. She’s never had a boyfriend in her life. Still, don’t get me wrong. It’s not for the lack of choices. 
“Instead, Jordynn is extremely picky about men. I think you two would be good together. Perhaps you should give it a shot?” 
Bonnie looked at Ivor inexplicably, while the latter had a strange feeling in his gut. However, he did not know what it was. 
Everyone held their breaths, waiting for the doctor’s answer. Finally, she said, “I’m sorry, but my mom wants me to focus on my studies and forbids me from getting into at 
relationship.” 
Jordynn gasped, asking, “You’re still studying?!” 
“Is that surprising? After all, I’m only twenty. It makes sense that I’m still studying 
shrugged. 
Bonnie 
Everyone returned to their senses when they heard that. Perhaps they saw Bonnie as noble 
and graceful because she was a miracle doctor. That was why it never occurred to them 
that a miracle doctor also had to attend college. 
“Where do you study, Doc? You’re probably in college now, right?” Ivor asked. 
“Pyralis University,” Bonnie answered. 
What are the odds? Bonnie studies there, too. 
What a coincidence! I’m studying at the same University. Which year are you in? If you’re twenty, you should be in your junior year, like mel Why haven’t I seen you before?” Jordynn knew there was no one named Fanelli in her university. 
Otherwise, the doctor would be the most handsome man on campus. 
“Um… Bonnie never expected Jordynn to be studying at the same university. “I’m a 
freshman.” 
“Freshman? How’s that possible with your age?” 
Gibson lectured Jordynn before she could say anything else, “Mind your words, Jordynn.” How can you compare yourself with Dr. Fanelli? He works and studies at the same time. He’s also the miracle doctor for crying out loud. 
“He’s incredible for holding down a place in the university while doing all that. How can you mock him for being a freshman 
“I–I wasn’t mocking him, Grandpa! I–I was just curious,” Jordynn explained. She feared Bonnie would misunderstand her and turned to clarify, “Please don’t misunderstand, Dr. 
Fanelli! I didn’t mean anything by it. 
“I–I was just curious, that’s all.” She was even more nervous now. After all, she could have. pissed Bonnie off and caused her to leave. 
However, with a light smile, Bonnie said, “Don’t worry about it.” 
Jordynn sighed, saying, “That’s a relief. I was worried you’d get mad and start ignoring me.” 
Sebastian said despite himself, “Jeez, you’ve always been fearless and unruly. Are you seriously freaking out because you said something out of line, or are you just being submissive because you found your prince charming?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 316
Chapter 316 
Stop your nonsense, Sebastian! Don’t make me give you the silent treatment.” Jordynn 
blushed. 
“Um, what’s your full name, Dr. Fanelli?” 
Bonnie tweaked her first name a little, saying, “Fanelli Bonaldi.” 
“Bonaldi?” Ivor asked. 
Her lips twitched a little. After a couple of seconds, she said, “Yeah. Bonaldi.” 
Ivor resumed his poker face when he heard that. 
Sebastian mocked him, “Ged told me how obsessed you are over Bonnie. Now, I know he wasn’t exaggerating. Dr. Fanelli’s last name sounds slightly like hers, yet you’re already 
bent out of shape.” 
Jordynn knew a thing or two about Bonnie too. The former asked, “Do you love this Bonnie person that much, Ivor? Halle and Rowena told me she did some unspeakable things to 
you. That must be how she ensnared you. She’s bad news. 
“Also, her family disowned her. She’s a good–for–nothing, but I’ll let it slide. What matters 
most is her character. She’s a meanie and a compulsive liar. She has no respect for her 
parents and always picks on her sister. Even her ex–fiance couldn’t stand her and called off their engagement.” 
When Jordynn finished speaking, she felt a menacing glare burning a hole in her. She raised her gaze and saw Ivor gazing at her coldly. He said, “Never believe hearsay, Jordynn. You’ve never met her, let alone know her. How can you be an expert on her character?” 
Sebastian knew Ivor was furious. The former lectured his sister, “I told you to mind your mouth, Jordynn. As he said, you don’t have the right to say such things about Bonnie before meeting and getting to know her.” 
Jordynn felt slightly aggrieved. 
‘Who the heck is this Bonnie person? Her character has nothing to do with me. I was just looking out for Ivor. Sheesh, I’m doing this out of the kindness of my heart, but all I got was trouble and lectures. 
Finel Since they claim I can’t talk about her because I haven’t met her, I’ll look her up on Campus tomorrow and see just how rude and despicable she is for myself. 
The following day, Bonnie went to one of the lecture halls on campus. Suddenly, one of her fellow college students yelled, “Bonnie, a junior student is looking for you!” 
Bonnie glanced at the door, wondering, ‘A junior student? Is it Trina?‘ 
She was stunned when she saw it was Jordynn. 
‘What is she doing here, and what does she want with me? Did she find out I’m the miracle 
doctor?” 
Immediately after, Bonnie decided that was not the case. 
‘That’s probably not it. Dr. Fanelli is the miracle doctor whose reputation reaches all of Pyralis and even Arvandor. On the other hand, I’m just an ordinary girl that her family has 
disowned. No one would think we’re the same person.‘ 
Jordynn was shocked when she saw Bonnie’s face, which resembled Fanelli’s quite a bit. Jordynn approached and asked, “Are you Bonnie?” 
“In the flesh.” 
Jordynn revealed a cheque and said, “Here’s a three million dollar cheque. It’s yours if you 
agree to leave Ivor alone.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 317
Chapter 317 
Bonnie raised her brows, saying, “No thanks. Last week, I visited the Antique Jade 
Appreciation Conference in Jocrovania and appraised a couple of ice jadeites with floating flower patterns. They’re worth tens of millions.” 
“What? That’s such a lousy bluff.” Jordynn did not believe Bonnie at all. 
The latter lazily responded, “Feel free to send your men to Jocrovania to investigate. Hey, you can even ask people in the antique gemstone circle. They’ll tell you the truth.” 
Jordynn glared at her but could not find even a hint of a lie. She criticized, “Hmph, what’s so special about that? You were just lucky!” 
Bonnie added, “After that, I browned an antique show and spent a grand purchasing a bowl 
made in Emperor Gearold Walshington’s Primordial Kiln.” 
Jordynn’s jaw dropped, not knowing how to respond for a moment. 
Suddenly, Bonnie laughed and said, “Bingo! You’re right that I got lucky. So, I don’t need 
your money.” 
Jordynn lowered her head and looked at the cheque she held, saying, “You got rich 
overnight, and that’s nothing worth boasting about. It’s just tens of millions of dollars. That 
means nothing to truly wealthy people like me.” 
Bonnie feigned surprise. “Oh, you don’t think tens of millions is worth much?” 
“Of course not!” Jording raised her head high. 
“Wow. Since that’s the case, I don’t want three million dollars. Instead, give me thirty billion, and I’ll promise to leave Ivor alone,” Bonnie said matter–of–factly. 
Jordyn was so furious that she could breathe fire. “Thirty billion?! We’re not talking about Monopoly money, you know. Do you have that much money yourself? You must have a s*** loose.” 
Bonnie nodded solemnly. “It’s just thirty billion dollars. It means nothing to wealthy people like me.” 
Jordynn knew Bonnie was using her own words against her. “Fine, let’s talk nice. What do I have to do to get you away from Ivor?” 
Bonnie texted Ivor immediately, asking, “What do I have to do–to get you away from me?” 
He repiled almost instantaneously, “Over my dead body.” 
Then, Bonnie showed his reply to Jordynn and g***, “You see. Not even I can do anything to get away from Ivor.” 
The school bell rang at that moment, signifying the start of classes. 
Classes are starting. You should probably return to your lecture hall,” Bonnie told Jordynn. However, she did not speak in an overly harsh and sarcastic tone. She felt Jordynn differed 
from Halle and Rowena. 
After all, Jordynn genuinely cared about Ivor and thought Bonnie would harm him. That 
was why the former used unconventional means to get Bonnie away from Ivor. 
Jordynn said through gritted teeth, “Damn you, Bonnie. I’ll figure out a way to get you to leave Ivor alone. I never quit, either. When I put my mind to something, I’ll finish it. I’ll keep 
trying.” 
Bonnie thought, ‘What a headache. Dealing with her will be tricky.” 
Bonnie had a physical education class in the afternoon. So, Jordynn stole into Bonnie’s lecture hall and ruffled through her bag and seat. She wanted to find something to prove. Bonnie was after Ivor’s wealth. 
However, Jordynn found nothing but snacks in Bonnie’s seat. It looked like the former had to go through Bonnie’s bag. 
Zip! 
Jordynn unzipped the bag and poured everything on the table, noticing a notebook and file. 
‘I wonder what’s in this notebook. Is Bonnie looking at smut?” 
Jordynn was stunned when she flipped through the book, muttering, “Is this a medical journal?” 
‘I thought Bonnie was a computer science student. Why would she have a medical journal in her bag?” 
After carefully reading the material, Jordynn realized its contents were obscure and convoluted. What surprised her most were the personal remarks and insights on every 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 318
318 
Impossible These personal remarks and Insights denote a deep knowledge of adioal held, How could someone like Bonnie write them down?” 
Jordynn compared the handwriting of the remarks with the name written on the cover of the medical journal. “The handwriting matches. Did Bonnie seriously write these herself?” 
Her head was full of suspicion and disbelief as she set aside the medical journal and picked up the blue file. 
“Now, let’s see what this is.” 
“Latest Nanomaterial Augmentation Research?” she read it aloud and then muttered, 
What the heck?” 
She was dazed and astounded as her hands began to tremble. She gulped and opened the file, unsure of what she would find. At that moment, she heard footsteps outside the 
lecture hall. 
“Shit! Someone’s coming!‘ 
Jordynn looked left and right, then decided to duck behind the podium. The footsteps drew closer, and someone entered the lecture hall. The person said to herself, “I think that’s 
Bonnie’s seat.” 
‘Huh, why does that voice sound so familiar?‘ Jordynn had a good idea who it was. She poked her head out and checked, thinking, ‘It’s Trina! What’s she doing here? She 
mentioned Bonnie’s name, too.” 
Jordynn 
in continued to spy on Trina as the latter found a necklace in another student’s bag 
and stuffed it into Bonnie’s. 
Jordynn realized Trina was trying to set Bonnie up. 
‘Jeez, I never thought Trina would do something like that. She always looks so innocent 
and harmless. Wait a minute. I heard rumors that Bonnie loves picking on Trina. It seems I 
was a fool to believe that. Those rumors are unfounded.” 
Jordynn thought perhaps that was a good reason why Ivor loved Bonnie so much. 
However, it was all just circumstantial evidence, and Jordynn wanted to keep monitoring. 
Bonnie to find out the truth. 
Once the physical education class ended, Bonnie and her classmates retumed to the lecture hall, One of the classmates, Rene, nervously ruffled through her bag, forehead covered in sweat. 
Huh? Where is it? I remember keeping my necklace in my bag before PE. Where’d it go?” 
Natalee, the classmate beside her, said, “Did you put it in your pocket instead?” 
“No, my grandma gave it to me as a gift for getting into this university. It’s an expensive necklace, too.” 
“Keep searching. Maybe you left it somewhere on you and forgot about it.” 
Rene turned out all her pockets, but the necklace wasn’t there. She grew so worried that she was on the verge of tears. “Oh, man! That necklace costs nearly ten grand. My life is over if my family finds out I lost it.” 
Natalee noticed the other students leaving and exclaimed, “Hey, guys! Rene misplaced her necklace. Someone in this hall must’ve stolen it. Still, I’m not accusing anyone. I’m just saying there’s a thief among us.” 
Rene sobbed, “I–I’m sorry, everyone. Please stay here for a while. My necklace means the. world to me. I can’t afford to lose it.” 
The class representative said, “If anyone finds a necklace on the ground, please return it to Rene immediately.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 319
Chapter 319 
One of the students clicked her tongue and said, “What do you mean if we find it on the ground? Whoever stole it, just come forth and admit it.” 
Soon after, she opened her bag and showed it to everyone, saying, “I’ll start. See? I didn’t 
steal it.” 
Bonnie did not want to waste any more time. So, she also unzipped her bag. Surprisingly, a necklace slid out when she removed her blue file. She picked up the necklace, confused. 
Huh?” 
“Whoa, you should be an actress! You feigned ignorance and opened your bag so soon. I’m sure your plot to pass yourself off as innocent backfired. How sickening!” Natalee could. not stand Bonnie, rolling her eyes at the latter. 
Avril stood before Bonnie and said, “You don’t have to be so nasty. Who gave you the right to talk to Bonnie that way? Just because the necklace was in her bag doesn’t mean she stole it, genius. Does it make you a thief if I accidentally put my bracelet in your bag?” 
Bonnie stared at Avril with a hint of humor in her eyes. 
‘That’s what a true friend looks like. She’ll believe me and pit herself against anyone, no 
matter what.” 
“Avril, stop defending Bonnie. Still, I guess you have a point. Someone else could’ve set her up. I would believe that if the same thing happened to anyone else. Even so, we’re talking about Bonnie here. Everyone here knows what happened between her and her 
family. 
“It’s safe to say that even her countryside parents disowned her. Think about it. She’s just at student and must’ve run out of money to pay for her studies. That must be why she stole Rene’s necklace,” Natalee analyzed the situation with misguided and biased thoughts. 
“You think Bonnie ran out of money? This necklace is only worth ten grand. It’s nothing to brag about.” Avril waved around and then pointed at her bracelet. “Do you know how much this is worth? It’s worth ten million dollars. Bonnie purchased it at an auction. 
“She’s wearing one, too. That means Bonnie spent twenty million getting these. She also appraised a pair of ice jadeites with floating flower patterns from random chunks of stone at the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference last weekend. 
“If she puts those up for auction, she’ll earn hundreds of millions! With that in mind, do you 
atht think Bonnie would want a necklace worth ten grand? 
Netelee scoffed and rolled her eyes. “Damn, hundreds of millions, huh? Hahaha! You must be tripping. No one will ever believe your bullshit.” 
The other students were in disbelief. 
“Avril, I know you come from a wealthy family, but you Smiths aren’t one of the prominent if you said your bracelet ones in Pyralis. Twenty million, my a***! I would’ve believed you costs a hundred grand or even a million.” 
Natalee could tell Avril’s bracelet cost a fortune, but she’d never believe it was worth ten 
million a piece. 
“Bonnie, return the necklace to Rene and apologize to her. We’re all classmates here. There’s no need to turn this into a big deal. I only ask that you sincerely apologize to Rene. No one here will mention this incident to anyone else. 
“With that said, you must promise me you’ll turn over a new leaf and never steal again. If we find out you did it again, we’ll report you to the cops.” 
Bonnie stared at Natalee indifferently, saying, “I didn’t steal it.” 
“Tsk! Does anyone buy her crap?” 
Bonnie glanced at the security camera in the hallway and said, “There’s a camera facing the lecture hall’s back door. We’ll find out who snuck in here while we were out for PE.” 
Natalee spoke everyone’s mind, “You just don’t know when to quit, do you? It looks like your want to do things the hard way. We’ll be here all day to see how you keep up this act.” 
Meanwhile, the still–hiding Jordynn grew anxious. She was so focused on looking through Bonnie’s bag just now that she overlooked the security camera in the hallway. Before she 
knew it, the whole class returned to the lecture hall. 
However, they discovered that the duration between their time in physical education class 
and their return had been tampered with and overwritten. 
“What are the chances? Someone tampered with the footage when we went for PE.” Avril 
was upset. 
Natalee cackled. “Yeah, what a coincidence, huh? That’s only the tampered part. Everything else seems normal.” 
“What’s with the sarcasm, Natalee? Are you implying that Bonnie did this?” 
Chapter 319- 
“Is that such a crazy idea? We’re all computer science students. Anyone here could’ve 
hacked into the security cameras.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 320
Chapter 320 
Avril wished she could roll up her sleeves and put Natalee in her place. “Indeed, we’re computer science students, but some of the greatest minds in the industry developed Pyralist University’s firewall. Not even our professors can hack into it, not to mention freshmen like us.” 
“Well, Bonnie could’ve bribed the staff in the monitoring room.” 
“You motherfucker! It’s taking all my strength not to punch you, Natalee. You just said Bonnie stole Rene’s necklace because she ran out of money to pay for her studies. 
“Are you seriously claiming Bonnie bribed a staff member with the money she doesn’t have? Do you even hear the shit that comes out of your mouth?” 
Natalee turned red with rage and said stubbornly, “Either way, Bonnie’s the prime suspect.” 
She glanced at Bonnie and asked, “You’re trying to prove your innocence with this footage, correct? How do you plan on proving that you didn’t steal Rene’s necklace now?” 
“That’s easy.” Bonnie approached the security footage system and typed away. At that moment, everyone knew what she was trying to do. Some students looked at her with disdain and mockery. 
“Someone tampered with the footage. Is Bonnie seriously trying to recover it? That’s 
absurd!” 
“She must’ve run out of excuses and is just trying to bide her time.” 
“I guess you’re right. After all, Bonnie’s just a freshman. Does she think she can do what 
most of us can’t?” 
As the students mocked and questioned Bonnie’s intentions, she stopped typing. 
“D–Did she recover the footage?!” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. Some even rubbed their eyes to see if they were 
hallucinating. Others even pinched their thighs, wondering if they were dreaming. 
“Did you do it?!” 
Suddenly, the lost footage began to play. 
Meanwhile, Jordynn, hiding outside the monitoring room, became nervous. Although she 
was relieved that someone had tampered with the footage, she did not expect Be 
recover it so quickly 
swear I’ll smack whoever else says Bonnie’s a good–for–nothing. She’s so good with computers and almost better than some of the professors here!” 
Soon after, Jordynn’s worries became a reality, as everyone saw her in the footage. 
It’s her! But how’s that possible? Her family is wealthy and reputable. Why would she do something like that?” 
Even Bonnie was shocked. 
I’ve only met Jordynn twice and can’t claim to know her well, but I don’t think she would’ve. 
done something so outrageous even if she hates me.” 
Bonnie was amidst her thoughts when Jordynn entered the monitoring room. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 321
Chapter 321 
anuck into the lecture hall but had nothing to do with the necklace.” 
Although the footage showed who entered the hall, it did not reveal what happened Inside. 
Jordynn approached Bonnie and said, “I ruffled through your bag to search for evidence. that would make Ivor leave you.” 
Bonnie believed that, but it made her curious about something else. She frowned and wondered what Jordynn saw in her bag. 
“Can we trust you, Jordynn?” Natalee asked timidly. She could afford to be cocky with Bonnie and Avril, but things were different regarding Jordynn. After all, Natalee was an ordinary girl and could not risk offending the Day family. 
“Keep watching, and you’ll see.” Jordynn calmly leaned on the wall. 
Judging by her reaction, everyone felt there was something more to it. As expected, they saw Trina in the footage a minute later. 
“It’s Trina!” 
Everyone gazed at Bonnie, thinking about the rumors that claimed she liked picking on Trina. The ex–siblings even fought in public on several occasions. 
The students could not see if Trina took Rene’s necklace and placed it in Bonnie’s bag after sneaking into the lecture hall. However, Bonnie was not in the footage at all. That meant the culprit was either Jordynn or Trina, and the latter was the most suspicious between the two 
Soon after, the incident spread, and the dean called the students involved to his office. 
Avril pointed at Trina and said, “Bonnie is no longer your sister, Trina. Your family clarified 
that they wouldn’t concern themselves with anything Bonnie does. I remember she didn’t 
even have time to gather her belongings because your family immediately kicked her out. 
“She was miserable enough back then, so why would you do something so atrocious? You took everything from Bonnie, including her fiance, parents, and status as one of you. She has lost everything. 
“Aren’t you content with what you have? Stop kicking her while she’s down! Why do you hate her so much?!” Avril roared, expressing all her thoughts. She even began to lose her 
breath from anger 
Meanwhile, her classmates muttered and pointed at Trina. 
Trina became teary–eyed as usual, playing the victim again. “I–I didn’t do that. I went to look. 
for Bonnie and realized she wasn’t there.” 
“Please, you were in the lecture hall for over a minute, and no one else was there. You didn’t need to linger inside for so long. You’re not fooling anyone. Do we look like gullible fools who’ll believe everything you say?” 
“I swear I didn’t do anything. I noticed the empty lecture hall and walked to the window to look outside. I was searching for her downstairs.” Trina began to shed tears. She looked so 
innocent and tragic that anyone would think she was the victim. 
However, Avrill was numb to her acts. “You and Jordynn were the only ones who snuck into 
the lecture hall, yet you keep claiming you didn’t do it. Does that mean you’re accusing Jordynn?” 
“I don’t know who did it, but I swear I didn’t- 
Bonnie interjected, “If I remember correctly, Jordynn was the first to sneak into the lecture 
hall. She was still in there when Trina entered.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 322
Chapter 322 
Everyone turned to Jordynn when they heard Bonnie’s words. Initially, Trina did not even realize that loophole, but Bonnie’s explanation made her heart race. 
‘Bonnie’s right! Jordynn was still around when I snuck into the lecture hall.’ 
Jordynn stepped forward and confessed, “That’s right. I was hiding behind the podium 
when Trina entered the lecture hall. I saw her stuffing Rene’s necklace into Bonnie’s bag.” 
Immediately after, Trina paled as everyone muttered and pointed at her again. 
“Trina has always looked so pure and innocent. She has also been nothing but friendly and helpful to everyone on campus. Who would’ve thought it was all an act?” 
“With that logic, she might also be responsible for ruining Bonnie’s reputation.” 
“I think your assumption is right. Bonnie and Trina were switched at birth. One hit the jackpot and lived with a wealthy family, while the other had to live with countryfolk. Then, someone discovered the truth, and Bonnie returned to her rightful family. 
“Do you think Trina would be willing to return to the countryside to live the rest of her life there? That’s why Trina decided to ruin Bonnie’s reputation and make her parents hate her. 
Ultimately, she succeeded at getting Bonnie shunned from the family.” 
“Damn, Bonnie’s birth parents must be just as heartless as they are clueless. They love a vicious and cunning person but turn a cold shoulder to their flesh and blood.” 
The more the crowd discussed these things, the more agitated Trina became. 
‘This can’t be happening. I bribed the people in the monitoring room to erase the footage. I 
didn’t know Bonnie could recover it. How skillful is she?!‘ 
Trina wailed and said, “Wh–what did I do to offend you, Jordynn?! Why would you falsely 
accuse me of such a thing?” 
Jordynn felt disgusted and stepped away from Trina. The former said, “I’ve met many hypocritical young ladies like you, Trina. Others might believe your act, but not me. Also, we were the only ones who snuck into the lecture hall during PE. If you’re claiming innocence, then you’re accusing me.” 
Trina glared at Jordynn but dared not retort. 
“Cut the bullshit, Trina. You’re making it look like I’m using my status to pressure you. 
Fortunately, I recorded the whole thing.” Jordynn pulled out her phone and played the video to show everyone Trina’s heinous crime. 
Trina grew ashen and slumped to the ground. 
“Try defending yourself now,” Jordynn said. Then, glanced at Bonnie sympathetically. 
‘Bonnie has a sorry excuse of a sister and parents who can’t tell right from wrong. My heart 
bleeds for her.‘ 
Avril yanked at Trina’s collar and barked, “Trina, apologize to Bonnie right now! That includes you guys!” 
She swept her eyes across the dean’s office. Her classmates felt guilty when they met her 
gaze. 
“You need to apologize to Bonnie more than anyone else!” She pointed at Natalee. ” 
Everyone here heard how you insulted her. Apologize to her from the bottom of your heart. Bow if you must!” 
Natalee staggered backward while the other students glanced at each other, not making a 
peep. 
“What’s the meaning of this, guys? You were all so vocal when accusing Bonnie earlier. You sat on your high horses and looked down on her. Are you going to stay quiet now that Jordynn has proven you wrong?” The more Avril spoke, the more the students lowered 
their heads. 
“Hmph!” Avril scoffed. “I can’t believe you guys made it into Pyralis University.” 
Bonnie did not want to say anything initially. However, Avril had defended her so 
passionately that she thought she should say a few words. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 323
Chapter 323 
“It’s okay if you guys don’t want to apologize. You can quit Pyralis University instead. We don’t need students of poor characters such as yourselves.” When Bonnie said that, 
everyone got quiet. Most looked at her as if she were crazy. 
Who does she think she is?‘ 
‘We won’t quit the university just because you said so.‘ 
‘Does she think she’s the president of the university or something?‘ 
Bonnie glared at Trina, saying, “Since you stole a student’s belongings, I can put you 
behind bars. Not only that, you even tried to frame me for it. That means you’ll spend more 
time in jail. I wonder how many years you’ll face.” 
Trina gulped, terrified. At that moment, an older man’s voice sounded, “Trina can’t go to 
prison.” 
Bonnie glanced toward the voice and saw an older man with gray hair. Meanwhile, Trina 
knew her lifeline had arrived. She exclaimed, “Professor Paul, you have to help me! I didn’t 
mean to do it. I was upset with Bonnie because she mistreated my parents and got Hadwin 
arrested. 
“He’s suffering behind bars, for Heaven’s sake! Th–that’s why I got so worked up and did something foolish.” 
“Hmm.” Paul stroked his beard and said, “You were desperate because you didn’t see 
another way to deal with that. Your actions are perfectly understandable.” 
“F*** that!” Avril was so annoyed that she wished to slap the older man. “That’s the first 
time I’ve seen someone shift the blame in such an outrageous way. I’m impressed. No 
wonder you have your family wrapped around your finger. 
“You play them like a fiddle, and they even disowned Bonnie. Hmph, you’re amazing, Trina. 
You better watch it. Hypocritical people are shameless, but you’re not even human.” 
Paul frowned, displeased with Avril’s words. “You’re young, but you have such a sharp tongue. I’ve been around but never met a young lady capable of such loathsome words.” 
“Listen up, you old-” Avril was about to retort, but Bonnie stopped her. 
The latter stepped forward and said indifferently, “Trina ruined my reputation and nearly 
12/2 
sent me to jail. With that in mind, will you still advocate her innocence and pronounce me guilty instead?” 
Paul scoffed, “Hmph, you take the cake if you’re talking about putting on airs and fooling people. Everyone boils down to the law of causality. If you hadn’t disrespected Trina’s parents and sent her fiance to jail, she wouldn’t have done such a thing. Can’t you see the error of your ways?” 
Bonnie chuckled. “Okay, it seems you want to discuss the law of causality and reflect on my past. Fine, I’ll play your game. Have you reflected on the reason behind my actions? 
“If Trina’s parents and fiance hadn’t wronged me, I wouldn’t have disrespected them. If we look at it that way, they’re the ‘cause‘ that started the whole thing, correct?” 
“You little-” Paul glared at Bonnie intensely. He found his voice a moment later, saying,” You have a sharp tongue too. You’re also unreasonable. I can’t reason with someone as primitive as you, so I won’t waste my breath! 
“Nonetheless, Trina can’t go to jail because she’s the president of the scientific research society. Her talents are nothing short of miraculous. You can’t compare to her, Bonnie! I advise you to stop harassing her and hindering her career. End this mess now, or I’ll make your college life hell!” 
Avril was about to retort when another older man’s voice sounded from behind. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 324
Go 
Chapter 324 
I think your time in this university has ended, Paul.” 
Everyone looked toward the door, and one of the students exclaimed, “It’s the university president!” 
Everyone was shocked, not much by his appearance, but by what he said. Even Paul was 
stunned before finding his voice, “Wh–what do you mean, Russell?” 
Russell looked at Paul grimly and said, “Do you have to ask? You even dared to defend a 
petty thief. Worse, you threatened the victim to let it go by implying you’d chase her out of 
our fine university.” 
“Th–that’s not what happened, Russell. Believe me when I say there’s more to it. Trina 
wasn’t wrong. Bonnie was disrespectful toward her and her parents, and she also sent 
Trina’s fiance to jail. Trina was just blinded with anger and made a mistake.” 
“Oh? Do you know why Bonnie did what she did?” Russell questioned. “Not every parent 
loves their child unconditionally. You’re an experienced man, Paul. You’re aware of this 
notion, too, right?” 
“Well, I-” 
Russell put his hands behind his back and continued, “I’m sure you saw the Shepards‘ 
announcement on their official Twitter account. Bonnie could be dead or alive for all they 
care. As far as I know, she did nothing wrong. 
“So, why would the Shepards disown her? Everyone knows the family hates Bonnie 
because she grew up in the countryside. They care more about their reputation.” 
Paul did not know what to say at that moment. After all, it was as Russell said. Although 
the Shepards made a scene with their announcement, everyone knew what had really 
happened. 
Russell added, “Trina’s fiancé got arrested because he broke the law. Do you suppose 
Bonnie had sway over the police force? They wouldn’t pounce on someone just because 
she said so. You’re a university professor, for Heaven’s sake. Use your brain for a change.” 
Paul felt humiliated and could not defend himself. He said, “Fine, Trina made a mistake, 
but her talents in scientific research are immaculate. She might even start working at 
Bonita Research Institute. 
“We can’t ruin her future over something so petty. It’ll be a significant loss for Arvandor’s science industry!” 
To hell with that! We must expel her!” Russell roared, wishing to tell everyone Bonnie’s true identity. That would put Trina in her place and make Paul regret getting involved. 
Trina slumped to the floor, looking as white as a ghost. “P–Please don’t expel me, Mr. Russell. I swear I’ve learned from my mistake and won’t repeat it.” 
She began to cry at the end of her sentence, making herself look pitiful to gain everyone’s sympathy. 
Russell pursed his lips when he saw her like that. Although she could fool her parents and friends, Russell was a seasoned man. He knew what she was trying to do. After all, there was a reason he was the university’s president. 
With that in mind, he turned to Bonnie and asked, “Do you think expelling her will suffice? I can always announce it on the university’s official Twitter account.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 325
Chapter 325 
Everyone was shocked and did not know how to react. They could only look at Russell and Bonnie in disbelief. The students and Paul did not understand why Russell, the president of Pyralis University, would involve a student in an executive decision. 
Everyone in the room even wondered if they had misheard Russell’s question. 
‘Has Mr. Russell always been so accommodating?‘ 
‘He’s devoid of any ego presidents usually have.’ 
Trina froze, terrified, as she glared at Bonnie. 
The latter grew exasperated as she whispered to Russell, “Just deal with it as you see fit. Why’d you ask me that?‘ 
He whispered back, “You’re the future of this university. Who else can make this call?” 
Bonnie did not know what to say at that moment. Soon after, she said, “I don’t recall 
agreeing to that.” 
“It’s okay. I’ll take that as a yes.” 
Bonnie was utterly speechless now. She would have rolled her eyes at him if it were not for the people around them. Moreover, she was on the verge of calling him out for being 
shameless. 
She said, “You’re the university’s president. You don’t have to ask for my input. Just deal with it as you see fit, Mr. Russell.” 
Russell responded firmly, “If that’s the case, I’ll announce on the university’s official Twitter account that I’ve expelled Trina.” 
“P–Please don’t! I beg you not to do it, Mr. Russell! I swear I won’t repeat my mistakes!” No matter how much Trina pleaded, he would not budge. She realized Russell would not go 
soft on her and turned to Paul. 
“Professor, you have to help me! I have a bright future ahead. I know I’ll make considerable contributions to the science world. I’ll always remember that you’re my mentor.” 
Paul was in a dilemma. “Here’s the thing, Russell- 
“One more word, and I’ll fire you!” Russell was unaware of how long Paul had worked at 
2/2 
Pyralis University, so he hesitated to fire him. 
Meanwhile, the latter reddened with anger. 
“He might be the university president, but I have tricks up my sleeves. I’ll contact my old friend who works at Bonita Research Institute tomorrow. If Ms. Bonita appreciates a 
talented future researcher like Trina, Russell must respect the nation’s leading researcher 
and keep Trina in the university. 
Gresham and Vera gloomily sat at the dining table but had utterly lost their appetite. The 
former exclaimed, “Gah! What’ll we do about Trina’s future now?!” 
“It’s all Bonnie’s fault! She’s such a pain in the a***. I told you she brings nothing but bad 
luck!” 
‘Damn it! Trina has a bright future ahead, but Bonnie ruined it for good.‘ 
Gresham massaged his temples and said, “You can’t pin everything on Bonnie. Trina made a mistake, too. How could she do something like that in Pyralis University?” 
Trina’s eyes swelled from crying so much. “Mom, Dad, I’m sorry. I just couldn’t stand how Bonnie treated you. Th–that’s why I let anger cloud my judgment and made a mistake. 
Please forgive me.” 
Vera felt heartbroken to see her precious daughter cry again. She embraced Trina and patted her back, saying, ‘It’ll be okay, Trina. You’re not the wrong one. I blame Bonnie. After all, you were just trying to stand up for us.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 326
Chapter 326 
“Oh, my poor baby! Bonnie has brought nothing but bad luck to you. Since we took her in, she has wronged you countless times. She even dragged you into this thievery mess and ruined your future. 
“My heart breaks for you, dear. It’s our fault. We shouldn’t have welcomed that country bumpkin into our home…” Vera trailed off and began to tear up. 
Gresham’s headache worsened as the duo cried. He roared, “Bonnie has done many bad things to so many people! Hadwin’s even in jail now!” 
He should not have mentioned Hadwin because Trina cried even louder when she heard 
her fiance’s name. 
‘I did everything to snatch Hadwin from Bonnie so that I could marry into a powerful and wealthy family. Now, look at what she’s done. She ruined my plans!‘ 
Vera frowned, saying, “I wonder what’s happening to the Rhodes now.‘ 
“What do you think is happening? Of course, they’re seething with rage.” Gresham lit a cigarette and left the dining room. 
As he had predicted, the Rhodes had also lost their appetite as they sat at home. Although 
the dining table was full of delicious food, none took a bite. Demetria cursed, “Why won’t 
Bonnie just jump into a lake?! First, she ruins the Shepards, then brings bad luck to our 
family! 
“What about my cousin, Dermot? I suspect Bonnie had something to do with him disappearing from Pyralis.” 
Draco’s expression turned grim. He said, “It doesn’t matter anymore. Let’s talk to Bonnie. The police will release Hadwin if she lets up.” 
“Are you telling me to beg the b***?!” Demetria refused. 
Her husband said coldly, “Fine, let Hadwin will rot in jail.” 
“Ugh, fine!” Demetria wrestled with her thoughts before saying through gritted teeth, “I’ll do, 
anything for Hadwin’s sake!” 
The following day, the couple stood in Bonnie’s way at the university entrance. 
“What will it take for you to release Hadwin?” Demetria tried her best to suppress her temper. If not for Hadwin, she would have pounced on Bonnie and slapped her. 
Bonnie chuckled. “That’s absurd. You make it sound like I was the one who ordered the arrest. Try speaking to the police department. You’ll probably have more luck there.” 
“Damn it, Bonnie!” Demetria roared, “We’ve lowered ourselves to your level and begged you. You should know to quit while you’re ahead, or you’ll regret it! After all, we’re not common citizens. The Rhodes are wealthy and prominent in Pyralis. 
“We don’t know what kind of sugar daddy you have, but being a mistress won’t last forever. All homewreckers eventually suffer terrible fates!” 
The onlookers heard her yelling and began to mutter about Bonnie. 
“Is that woman serious? Is Bonnie someone’s mistress?” 
“I heard rumors about her having an old man as a sugar daddy.” 
“But she’s the best scholar in Pyralis. She only has to continue her studies and graduate with flying colors. Then, she can choose any job she wants. Why would she want a sugar 
daddy?” 
“That’s where you’re wrong. Commoners like us have no status or backing. We can graduate with the best scores and still work regular jobs. It’ll take plenty of funding to set up our own business. Having a sugar daddy makes things a lot easier.” 
These students were not exactly speaking softly. Anyone, including Bonnie, could hear 
them. 
She turned to the onlookers and said, “Since you know you’re a commoner, it’d be wise to watch what you say. Don’t believe rumors just because it sounds convincing. You shouldn’t spread false rumors, either. Otherwise, you’ll suffer worse fates than Trina and Hadwin.” 
The onlookers gossiped without restraint earlier. Now that Bonnie had made her statement, they could only shut their mouths, even if they were unhappy. Soon, Bonnie returned her gaze to Demetria and Draco. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 327
Chapter 327 
Ill only repeat myself once. Talking to me won’t help Hadwin. Also, I’ll call security if you keep bugging me. They’ll kick you out of the campus. 
“Listen here, you b***-” 
“Security!” Bonnie shouted at the guards standing by in the security room. 
“We’ll rough you up if you guys don’t leave now!” 
Draco and Demetria were furious. However, they could only leave for now. Otherwise, they would humiliate themselves if the security guards chased them out. 
“Just you wait, Bonnie. You’ll pay for this!” Demetria roared hysterically at Bonnie. 
The latter smirked, saying, “You mean like how you’re paying for your wrongdoings now?” 
Demetria quivered with intense rage as she pointed at Bonnie. A moment later, her eyes rolled back, and she passed out. 
Avril walked over and gave Bonnie a big thumbs up. “You have a sharp tongue, Bonnie. You’re getting better at arguing. Color me impressed!” 
Bonnie giggled. “I have those idiots to thank for that. They’re so comedically evil that I have plenty of chances to hone my arguing skills.” 
‘Bonnie’s just awesome!‘ Avril thought. 
When they ended their classes in the afternoon, Avril invited Bonnie for dinner at her place. 
However, the latter said, “Oh, I have something to do tonight. I’ll have to take a rain check.” 
“Oh, come on! What’s more important than having dinner at my place? My mom told the kitchen staff to make your favorite dishes.” Avril held Bonnie’s arm, unwilling to let her go. 
“I have work.” Bonnie needed to meet with some researchers that evening to discuss the 
augmentation for the latest nanomaterial. It was a big deal, and she could not afford to 
miss it. 
Avril looked at Bonnie up and down. The latter felt her face and asked, “What, is there something on my face?” 
Avril pursed her lips and asked hesitantly, “There’s something I’ve always wanted to ask 
you, but my dad and I didn’t think it was appropriate.” 
“What is it?” 
*I used to think you worked in Tang Fusion Studios, but I’ve spent plenty of time with you now. I’ve never seen you going to work. Also, you skip classes pretty often. Sometimes, you even miss out on a whole day of school. 
“Tell me the truth. What kind of work do you do?” Avril brimmed with curiosity. Then her eyes grew wide, saying, “Oh, I know! You’re good with antique gemstones, right? So, are 
you working in the Pyralis Gemstone Association?” 
“Uhh…” Bonnie scratched her head. 
Avril shook Bonnie’s arms and said, “We’re best friends, aren’t we? Also, you’re my godsister. You can’t hide things from your godsister, you know. It’s almost like you don’t consider me family.” 
Her words moved Bonnie profoundly. “Hmm, you’re right. There are no secrets between family.” 
“That’s more like it!” Avril lit up, chuckling as she said, “Out with it, and don’t even think of lying to me, okay?” 
“I work in a research institute.” 
Avril was shocked. She stared at Bonnie, asking, “A–Are you talking about Bonita Research 
Institute?* 
“Mhm.” Bonnie nodded. 
Avril gasped sharply. “That explains your close relationship with Mr. Jim. B–But, you’re just a student. How’d you end up in the research institute? Um, have you met Ms. Bonita? How old is she? Is she cute or what?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 328
Chapter 328 
Avril was so excited to talk about Bonita that she could not help but ask rapid–fire questions. At that moment, Bonnie replied without a second thought, “I am Bonita.” 
Avril’s eyes widened. 
“I mean it,” Bonnie enunciated her words to show she was serious. However, Avril only stared at her. A minute later, the former rubbed her eyes and asked, “Does that mean you still don’t believe me?” 
“I do. I believe you’re messing with me.” 
Bonnie was puzzled as Avril added, “You messed with me last time, remember? You said you were the miracle doctor, and I said that if you were the miracle doctor, then I was the popular Ms. Bonita.” 
‘Ugh, I’m not in the mood to explain anything. It’s best if she doesn’t believe me anyway.‘ 
“I’m running late. I should go now,” Bonnie said as she hailed a cab. 
“Be safe!” Avril waved, and her car arrived to pick her up soon after. 
When she got home, her parents huddled around her and asked, “Where’s Bonnie? I 
thought she’d be with you. Did you forget to invite her to dinner?” 
“I invited her, but she said she was busy tonight and will take a rain check.” Avril smiled 
and piqued their curiosity by asking, “Why don’t you guess what she’s busy with tonight?” 
“Jeez, Avril, just tell us what it is and stop beating around the bush, will ya?” Mairi tapped her daughter’s forehead. 
“Hey, come on. Just take a guess.” 
“Hmm, is she on a date with Ivor?” 
“Wrong! Okay, I’ll just tell you the answer.” Truthfully, Avril could not wait to tell her parents the answer. “Bonnie’s busy working at Bonita Research Institute!” 
“What?!” Daken and Mairi gasped. “Are you pulling our legs?” 
“I thought she was joking when she told me, too, but she looked serious. It has to be the 
truth.” 
Daken and Mairi exchanged glances as their minds raced, especially Daken’s. After some 
thought, he asked, “Did Bonnie tell you anything else?” 
“Oh, you bet she did. She has an excellent sense of humor because she told me she’s Ms. Bonita!” The idea of that still sounded funny to Avril. 
‘Holy shit!” 
Daken froze at the mindblowing news. He even felt a chill down his spine as he said, “That explains a lot! No wonder Xavier of Sheffyn Entertainment tried to gain her favor by purchasing that billion–dollar ginseng for her at the auction. 
“Also, the Knight Group automatically secured the rights for the latest nanomaterial. If you think about it, even our bitter rivals, the Dyngards, had to leave Pyralis. Don’t forget that Jim Ryan always shows up whenever Bonnie’s around.” 
Initially, Avril thought Bonnie was just joking. Now that her father pointed these things out, her jaw dropped. “D–Dad, do you mean… B–Bonnie’s really Ms. Bonita?!” 
“What do you think?” Daken asked back, still shocked after hearing his daughter’s earlier explanation. He continued, “Do you remember how we reacted when she said she was the 
miracle doctor? 
“Although we didn’t believe her, she convinced us by demonstrating her incredible knowledge in the medical field. 
“Don’t forget about what happened last weekend. We took Bonnie to Jocrovania for the Antique Jade Appreciation Conference. We thought Bonnie had some knowledge of the 
circle, but she even outsmarted Mr. Jesper. 
“Also, the Bonnie I know doesn’t like boasting and prefers to keep a low profile, even though she’s outstanding in many aspects. Isn’t Ms. Bonita the same?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 329
Chapter 329 
Avril palmed her chest, gawking at her father. She had trouble digesting the truth, and even the usually calm and accepting Mairi was in a daze. 
Mairi said, “Oh my goodness! My daughter is a world–renowned leading researcher. I’m so proud of her. I can’t believe she’s my daughter!” 
Avril found her mother’s words slightly distasteful, saying, “Mom, would you please say she’s your goddaughter? You’re not her birth mother, you know.‘ 
“Oh, right. You have a point. Here, I’ll give it another shot. I’m so proud of my goddaughter! There, do you feel better now?” 
Avril did not know how to respond to that. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie reached her research institute. The staff members had just finished dinner and were about to start the meeting. Someone asked, “Bonnie, that you? What are you doing here?” 
‘Huh, who’s that? He sounds familiar.’ 
Bonnie turned around and was surprised, asking, “Why are you here?” 
is 
Paul scoffed and countered, “I asked you first. Now, tell me how you got in. Did you sneak in? How dare you slither your way into Bonita Research Institute! Leave now, or I’ll get someone to kick you out!” 
Bonnie stared at him casually. She remembered Trina boasting about something at the Shepards‘ dining table last time. Trina said Paul knew an old friend who worked in the research institute. 
With that in mind, Bonnie could guess why Paul was here. She asked, “Did your friend let you into the institute?” 
“How do you know that?” Paul questioned. After some thought, he asked, “Did Trina tell you I have a friend who works here?” 
Bonnie said coldly, “There are rules here stating that staff members can’t bring in anyone as they please. A visitor needs the authorization of three professors before 
Chapter 325 
entering. Tell me what your friend’s name is and who the two professors who approved your visit are.” 
Paul could not help but wonder how she knew all these things. 
Bonnie added, “I’m sure you’re here to rally people to help you get Trina back into Pyralis University.” 
Paul’s eyes widened in shock as she had guessed it right again. 
“Hmph,” Bonnie scoffed, “You think Trina’s a scientific genius, huh? However, she’s just a cunning prick. So many others are miles ahead of her in talent and skills. Even so, the institute rejected them. Trina’s a nobody compared to them.” 
“You’re just jealous of Trina and want what she has! How dare you say she’s a cunning prick! You’re the one who’s nothing compared to her.” 
Professor Caleb had just exited the restroom when he heard Paul arguing with someone. The former asked, “Who are you fighting with, Paul? Did someone step on your toes?” 
Then, Caleb’s heart sank when he saw Bonnie. 
‘No one else is around. Damn, it! Is Paul arguing with Ms. Bonita?!‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 330
Chapter 330 
“She’s the one I’m arguing with!” Paul angrily pointed at Bonnie. “She’s a good for -nothing who cheated on her SATs! She’s rotten and contributes nothing to the 
world.” 
Caleb froze, and his jaw dropped as cold sweat formed on his forehead. 
However, Paul continued, “Despicable people like you only bring bad things to our society. Your parents made a good choice, disowning you. I wish the Arvandorian government would do its part in eliminating pests like you!” 
“You son of a-” Caleb was furious as he stomped toward his friend and punched 
him. 
Paul spun in place and fell to the floor. He was dazed as he said, “Wh–what do you think you’re doing, Caleb?” 
Caleb barked, “You’re the pest that needs eliminating, you despicable good–for- nothing! You’re the one who contributes nothing to the world!” 
“Um…” Paul grew increasingly puzzled. Meanwhile, the other professors and staff members heard the commotion and ran over. Then, they saw the confused Paul 
covering his face as he sat on the ground. 
“Caleb, what’s happening? I thought Paul was your friend.” 
The others thought it was strange for Caleb to punch his best friend. Most of those who worked in the institute knew about their closeness, especially Professor Breanna and Professor Liam, who approved Paul’s entry. 
Everyone wondered what had happened between the two. 
Caleb pointed at Paul, enraged, as the former said, “I agreed to help you because you’re my best friend. I never thought you’d insult Ms. Bonita like that! I wish I 
could just kill you right now!” 
‘Wait, what?!‘ 
Paul whipped around to look at Bonnie. The latter appeared so indifferent that Paul’s heart leaped to his throat. Meanwhile, the onlookers surrounded Paul and 
Chapler 30 
insulted him, 
“How dare you insult Ms. Bonita! If someone as peerless and talented as her is a pest, what does that make you? You’re the lowest of scums, jackass!” 
“Oh, dear. I regret approving your entry. I deserve to be punished for letting an animal like you insult Ms. Bonita.” 
“We must report this to the government and remove Paul from our country’s science community!” 
2/2 
Paul was horrified at that moment as he looked at Bonnie fearfully. Simultaneously, he inwardly cursed Trina and the Shepards. 
‘It seems Bonnie was the peerless Ms. Bonita, after all! She’s the backbone of the nation. How could the Shepards say she’s a good–for–nothing and disown her? They must be blind and foolish!‘ 
Paul scrambled to his feet and bowed at Bonnie. “I–I’m sorry, Ms. Bonita! I had no idea who you were. I wouldn’t have dared to insult you if I had known sooner!” 
He began to tear up with regret. 
Bonnie raised her chin and glanced at him, saying, “It sounds like you’re saying you can abuse your status and insult me if I weren’t Ms. Bonita. Is that right?” 
“N–No, that’s not what I meant! Please forgive me, Ms. Bonita!” 
Bonnie asked dryly, “Are you still insistent on helping Trina?” 
“N–Not anymore! She has committed petty theft and even tried to frame you for it. She deserved to get kicked out of Pyralis University. She can only blame herself.” 
Finally, Paul understood why Russell defended Bonnie so vehemently. 
‘As the university president, Russell must have known about her identity much 
earlier.‘ 
Simultaneously, Paul recalled Russell always boasting about an impressive 
successor to his position. The latter claimed everyone would bow to Bonnie once she became the university president. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 331
Chapter 331 
Paul would not have let Bonnie run her mouth in the past. However, he had just discovered she was the nation’s leading researcher, so he had to respect her. 
Bonnie said leisurely, “I thought you said Trina was highly talented in scientific research. You also said the science world would suffer a significant loss if I didn’t forgive her for trying to frame me.” 
Paul began to sweat as he said, “Trina’s cunning and is nothing compared to you. She’s a pathetic firefly that can’t match the moon’s brightness,” 
Bonnie scoffed and looked at Caleb, saying, “I’ll let you deal with him since you let 
him in.” 
“I–I understand, Ms. Bonnie.” Caleb wiped the sweat off his forehead. 
Meanwhile, Paul saw Bonnie leaving and called out to her. “Ms. Bonita, Trina fooled me, too! I’ve seen the error of my ways. Please give me a chance to redeem myself. I swear I’ll never dream of offending you again!” 
However, Bonnie disappeared around the corner. 
Caleb was furious, scolding, “You ruined my reputation, Paul!” 
“Caleb, I didn’t know any better. I swear-” 
“That’s Mr. Caleb to you! We’re no longer friends. If you’re smart, you’ll resign as a professor of Pyralis University and leave the city.” 
Paul shuddered in fear. “But I’ve worked in the university for most of my life.” 
“That’s enough, Paul! Do you think Russell will let you continue working at the university once he learns you’ve insulted Ms. Bonita?!” Caleb’s words shocked Paul. “Don’t forget about the government. You can kiss Arvandor goodbye if they discover what you’ve done.” 
Paul was astonished, staggering backward before falling to the ground. 
‘My life is over.‘ 
Chapter 331 
2/2 
Trina paced around the living room while rubbing her hands restlessly. 
“Trina, stop worrying. Professor Paul is visiting Bonita Research Institute as we speak. I’m confident he’ll speak up for you and get you back into Pyralis University.” 
Suddenly, Trina received a call from Paul, “Put your phone on speaker, Trina.” 
“Okay, Professor Paul.” 
Gresham hurried over to listen in, asking, “How’d it go, Professor-” 
“You’ve ruined me, Trina. You’re the worst thing that has ever happened to me. I wouldn’t be in this mess if it weren’t for you!” Paul wished to curse every Shepard family member. 
However, his words confused Trina and her parents. 
“Wh–what happened?” 
“What’s wrong, Professor Paul?” 
“How bold of you to ask me that! Thanks to you guys, I’m no longer a professor at Pyralis University! What’s worse, I can never step foot in Pyralis again!” Paul’s tone became increasingly aggressive with each word. 
Finally, he could no longer stand it and cursed at them vocally. “F*** you all!” 
Beep! 
He hung up the phone. 
Gresham and the other two were petrified. They fell silent as a great fear gripped 
their hearts. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 332
Chapter 332 
Paul’s unnerving curses stunned Trina and her parents. They could not return to their senses for a long while. 
Trina broke the silence, “M–Mom, Professor Paul said he no longer has a job at the university and has to leave the city. What happened over there? I thought he visited Bonita Research Institute to ask for his friend’s help.” 
‘Did the professor get into trouble instead?‘ 
“I can ask you the same thing.” Vera sat on the couch and poured herself some water. She needed some time to digest the situation. 
Meanwhile, Gresham rubbed his chin as he analyzed the situation. He guessed, Does Bonnie have something to do with this somehow?” 
Trina’s eyes widened at that moment. Although her parents might not know about Bonnie’s connections to the Bonita Research Institute, she was privy to that 
knowledge. 
‘Bonnie knows Jim, Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. Did the professor run into Jim at the research institute, and Jim stood up for her?‘ 
Vera would never believe Bonnie was capable of such things. She said, “What does Bonnie have to do with anything? She’s not that great. No one at the research institute would stand up for her.” 
“Paul said we ruined his life. If you think about it, Bonnie’s likely related to that. Also, you’re forgetting she’s the miracle doctor.” 
Vera realized something and said, “I heard she’s treating Ivor’s grandmother. He’s the CEO of the Knight Group. Do you think she asked for his help?” 
Gresham agreed, “It’s possible.” 
“Bonnie’s despicable! Why does she have to hurt us and Trina?! Bonnie only exists to bring disaster to our family!” Vera slumped to the floor and cried. 
Gresham lit a cigarette and took a drag. He said, “You can just blame everything on Bonnie. Trina, you shouldn’t have tried to scheme against Bonnie. You should’ve 
(C 
ignored her since you know how rotten she is. 
“There’s no need to stoop to her level and take revenge on her. How about you apologize to her instead? That reminds me. Give the Phodes a call. They might hure Bonnie, but Hadwin can’t stay in jail forever. 
“You and the Rhodes will apologize to Bonnie. That’ll end this mess. After that, stay away from Bonnie and stop meddling in her affairs. You’re no match for her ” 
Although Trina disapproved of that solution, she had to focus on the bigger picture. Since that was her only move, she took her phone and called the Rhodes, “Okay, let’s decide on a day if you agree. Don’t worry. My dad will contact Bonnie, and them we’ll end this once and for all.” 
Bonnie sat in Ivor’s car, and they headed for Lenfield Resort 
“The resort is on the opposite side of your house, Ivor. Aren’t you tired of picking me up every day?” 
Ivor looked at her and said, “I’m a little tired of it, but you refuse to stay at my 
place.” 
Buzz, buzz, buzz. 
Bonnie checked her phone and saw Gresham’s caller ID. She did not want to answer but could guess why he was calling. She knew he would keep calling if she did not answer. He might even try looking for her on campus. 
“Buzz buzz buzz…” Her phone started vibrating 
“Hello?” 
Gresham sighed, replying, “We need to meet.” 
After some silence, Bonnie replied, “Okay, I’ll see you at noon tomorrow.” 
“Where should we meet?” 
“At the coffee shop beside Lenfield Resort.” She picked that venue because she was too lazy to travel further. 
“Lenfield Resort?” Gresham was surprised, “Do you mean that newly developed 
Chapter 12 
ignored her since you know how rotten she is. 
“There’s no need to stoop to her level and take revenge on her. How about you apologize to her instead? That reminds me. Give the Rhodes a call. They might hate Bonnie, but Hadwin can’t stay in jail forever. 
“You and the Rhodes will apologize to Bonnie. That’ll end this mess. After that, stay away from Bonnie and stop meddling in her affairs. You’re no match for her.” 
Although Trina disapproved of that solution, she had to focus on the bigger picture. Since that was her only move, she took her phone and called the Rhodes, “Okay, let’s decide on a day if you agree. Don’t worry. My dad will contact Bonnie, and then we’ll end this once and for all.” 
Bonnie sat in Ivor’s car, and they headed for Lenfield Resort. 
“The resort is on the opposite side of your house, Ivor. Aren’t you tired of picking me up every day?” 
Ivor looked at her and said, “I’m a little tired of it, but you refuse to stay at my place.” 
Buzz, buzz, buzz. 
Bonnie checked her phone and saw Gresham’s caller ID. She did not want to answer 
but could guess why he was calling. She knew he would keep calling if she did not answer. He might even try looking for her on campus. 
“Buzz buzz buzz…” Her phone started vibrating. 
“Hello?” 
Gresham sighed, replying, “We need to meet.‘ 
>> 
After some silence, Bonnie replied, “Okay, I’ll see you at noon tomorrow.” 
“Where should we meet?” 
“At the coffee shop beside Lenfield Resort.” She picked that venue because she was too lazy to travel further. 
“Lenfield Resort?” Gresham was surprised, “Do you mean that newly developed 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 333
Chapter 333 
“Yeah, that one. If that’s all, I’ll hang up,” Bonnie added, “If you have something else to say, save it for tomorrow.” 
Judging from her tone, Ivor could guess who called. He asked, “Was that one of your former family members?” 
“Mhm, I’m meeting with them tomorrow at noon. 
Ivor frowned. “Aren’t you worried they’re trying to cause trouble for you again?” 
Bonnie replied casually, “It’d be weird if they didn’t.” 
“If you know that, why did you agree to meet with them?” 
“I might’ve cut ties with them, but we’re still somewhat connected. I’m going because I want to cut off all remaining ties. I’ll have my life from tomorrow onward, and they’ll have theirs.” 
Bonnie looked so cold and stubborn that it pained Ivor to see her that way. He stopped on the side of the road and unbuckled his seatbelt. 
“We’re not there yet. Why’d you pull over? Are you-“Ivor leaned over and silenced her before she could finish. Bonnie’s eyes widened, and she was about to push him off. 
However, he embraced her and said, “Oh, my poor Bonnie. Don’t be sad. Remember that you’re not in this alone. I’ll watch your back and ensure no one picks on you.” 
His voice was deep and husky as she enunciated each word confidently, making Bonnie feel safe. Her heart softened as she rested her chin on Ivor’s shoulder. She 
smiled and felt much better now. 
Ivor and Bonnie reached Villa Number Eight in Lenfield Resort twenty minutes later. The former looked around, and his eyes glinted, saying, “It’s such a fantastic design! Did you hire Reuben Rice as your interior designer?” 
Bonnie nodded. “Yeah, he did all this.” 
Her response surprised Ivor. “Reuben is well over ninety years old. He stopped taking commissions long ago. How’d you convince him to help you?” 
Chapter 313 
“A friend of mine helped with that.” 
“A friend?” Ivor squinted. Then, an image of someone flashed in his mind. “Don’t tell me it’s Heath. He’s close to you, isn’t he?” 
Bonnie knew Ivor was jealous. Still, she said, “Bingo. It’s Heath who’s oh–so–close with me.” 
Ivor knew she didn’t like him getting jealous of everyone. So, he swallowed his pride. “How did he manage to hire Reuben?” 
Bonnie smiled at Ivor and straightened his tie. “You’re such a wise man, Ivor. Can’t you tell who Heath really is?” 
He was focused on her hands, which were still adjusting his tie. He was still 
indulging himself in it when she withdrew her hand. A moment later, she saw a hint of disappointment in his eyes. 
“I know the Rice family is one of the wealthiest and most prominent families in Pyralis. They specialize in interior design. However, they rarely mingle with people in high society. So, how did you get to know Heath?” 
“Huh? It’s been so long that I can’t remember.” Bonnie was not lying. After all, she knew so many people. She might’ve had an excellent memory but could not remember every little detail. 
Since she could not remember, Ivor did not pry. 
“Wait a minute. I left something Grandpa gave us in the car.” Ivor turned and reached into his car to take an optimal disc. 
“What is it?” Bonnie stared at the plain–looking optimal disc in puzzlement. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 334
Chapter 334 
“Grandpa didn’t tell me what it is. He wanted us to watch it. He said it’s crucial for the family and Knight Group’s growth,” Ivor said solemnly. 
“Is it that serious?” Bonnie grew stern as well. “Does it contain confidential information about the company? Are you sure it’s okay for me to see it?” 
“Let’s not make wild guesses. We’ll find out once we go inside and play it.” 
“Okay.” 
Ivor popped the disc in, picked up the remote, and played the disc. Bonnie sat beside him and focused on the video clip. 
“Stop it. Ugh. It hurts! Go slower.” Several embarrassing voices came out from the speaker. A couple in their birthday suits did unspeakable things to each other by the beach. The video was so e*** that even the usually composed Bonnie blushed. 
Ivor was not doing any better, either. Although men were typically more 
accustomed to adult content, Sigmund chose something so provocative that Ivor’s face reddened, and his heart raced. 
Bonnie snatched the remote from Ivor and shut off the TV. She rubbed her temples and knew what Sigmund was trying to show them. 
‘It seems Sigmund wants us to have a baby. That way, Ivor would have an heir to the company.‘ 
Bonnie was amidst her thoughts when Ivor turned to her and asked, “Were you staring at the guy just now?” 
Bonnie was speechless. 
‘Come on, I’m a doctor. I’m used to seeing a man’s ding–dong. The man in the video didn’t have an impressive one, but I can never tell Ivor that. Otherwise, he’ll haunt me for the rest of the day by asking how many p*** I’ve seen.‘ 
“You’re overthinking it. There’s nothing special about a man’s n*** body. I was staring at the lady most of the time, if you must know.” Bonnie noticed her fiance’s eyes grow wide. 
Chapter 334 
2/2 
Thinking that he distrusted her, she added, “I’m not lying. I stared at the lady so much that I even remembered the details. Let’s see, the lady had a red mole on her chest and is probably a C–cup.” 
Ivor’s eyes grew wider. After some silence, he asked, “Do you like women?” 
She did not know how to respond to that. 
‘Is he serious? It seems that no answer will satisfy him. I’ll have to use his tactics against him.‘ 
“Well, were you staring at the woman?” 
‘I’ve got just the answers for him, too. If he denies looking at the woman, I’ll say he was looking at the guy the whole time. Let’s see how he reacts when I give him a 
taste of his own medicine.‘ 
He smiled, saying, “I blacked out earlier. So, I didn’t see anything.” 
Her lips twitched a little as she stared at him. She thought Ivor was impossibly shameless. “All right, I need to catch some sleep. I have to face the Shepards tomorrow.” 
Just as she stood up, he pulled at her wrist. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” she frowned and sighed reluctantly. 
“Grandpa shouldn’t have shown me something like that. I can’t sleep by myself now. How about we sleep together?” 
She flashed him the sweetest smile possible and said, “I think I would’ve said yes, but you just said you blacked out earlier. That means you didn’t see anything. So, why would it be a problem for you to fall asleep?” 
Ivor’s face was full of helplessness and love. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 335
Chapter 335 
It seemed Ivor just could not win against her. 
The following morning, the Shepards and Rhodes arrived at the coffee shop near Lenfield Resort. They saw Bonnie leaving the resort and started making wild 
guesses. 
“Do you think Bonnie’s sugar daddy stays in this neighborhood, Dad?” Trina said that to guide the adults‘ thoughts. 
“That’s enough, Trina. I can let it slide if you say such things around us, but I don’t want you bringing it up when Bonnie’s around,” Gresham said, displeased, “We’re meeting with her to apologize and end this mess. 
“You should know what’ll happen if Bonnie hears that. How will you return to Pyralis University, then? Also, Hadwin would never escape prison if you instigated her.” 
Trina was upset and panicked slightly when her dad lectured her. 
Demetria also regarded her with hostility, “I always thought you were smart and tactful, but you never know what to do in crucial moments. I never realized that until now. It’s fine if you don’t want to return to the university, but you shouldn’t botch things for my son.” 
She used to love Trina, but that changed when the former discovered Bonnie was the miracle doctor. Now, Demetria found Trina pretty annoying. 
‘I set my son up to marry Bonnie, but Trina ruined it by having an affair with Hadwin. The famous miracle doctor would have been my daughter–in–law if it 
weren’t for this meddlesome idiot.‘ 
Demetria kept her thoughts to herself. After all, she had to preserve some semblance of harmony between her family and the Shepards. However, everyone knew she disdained Trina because of how she talked to the young lady. 
Trina bit her lip as the adults reprimanded her. 
Soon after, Bonnie sat across from the two families in the coffee shop. She leisurely sipped her coffee and put it down, saying, “Now that we’re all here, let’s cut to the 
Chapter 335 
chase and stop wasting each other’s precious time.” 
273 
She glanced at Gresham and Vera first. “I never considered taking revenge after you disowned me. Instead, I pretended like I never knew you guys. However, Trina kept causing trouble for me because she was afraid I might steal her status as your daughter.” 
Trina gritted her teeth. Although she hated Bonnie, she assumed a pitiful expression and looked like she could cry at any moment. 
“I swear, Bonnie. I didn’t-” 
Bonnie grew impatient and interrupted, “Shut your trap. Is it your turn to talk? I’m not interested in the shit that’s about to escape that thing you call a mouth.” 
Gresham and Vera glared at their daughter, signaling her to stop talking. Meanwhile, Trina could explode with rage from Bonnie, driving her insane. 
Bonnie continued, “I can get Trina back into Pyralis University, but she has to promise not to come near me. She has to leave whenever she sees me. If she even looks my way, I guarantee I’ll kick her out of the university and the scientific research community. You heard what happened to Professor Paul, correct?” 
Trina clenched her fists under the table. “You did that to him?” 
“I didn’t do anything. Paul made terrible decisions and got what he deserved,” Bonnie replied dryly. 
“I don’t get it, Bonnie. Can you tell me what he did to deserve such a tragic fate?” Trina asked the question on everyone’s mind. Everyone at the table was deadly 
curious, too. 
As Bonnie took another sip of her coffee, everyone stared at her. They were furious with her casual appearance but could only suppress their anger. 
A minute later, Bonnie said, “He acted like a fool and insulted Ms. Bonita for Trina’s 
sake. He called Ms. Bonita a good–for–nothing pest and claimed she makes no contributions to the world.” 
Everyone gasped with horror. 
‘What’s wrong with Professor Paul?!‘ 
‘How dare he insult Ms. Bonita!‘ 
‘What was he thinking?!‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 336
Chapter 336 
“D–Did you say Professor Paul Insulted Ms. Bonita for me? Who are you trying to fool? Why would he do that for me? Why did he insult Ms. Bonita?” 
‘She’s right! Why would Professor Paul do that?‘ Gresham and the gang looked at Bonnie. 
The latter checked the time and did not feel like explaining it to them. Instead, Bonnie said, “It’s getting late, and I have work to attend to. I don’t have time to stay and chat. If you’re that curious about it, try asking Paul what happened. 
“I don’t work at the research institute, so how would I know? Let’s return to my earlier terms. Did you hear them all, Trina?” 
Trina lowered her head and reluctantly replied, “I heard them.” 
Bonnie gazed at Gresham and Vera, saying, “Since you’ve disowned me and don’t seem interested in reconciliation, can you two please stop lecturing me as if you’re my parents? After all, you no longer have the right to do that. 
“You wouldn’t scold a stranger so arrogantly, would you? I want you two to stop talking to me as if I’m your daughter whenever we see each other. Instead, start treating me like a stranger.” 
After some thought, Gresham took his phone and made a video. “I, Gresham Shepard, will make another announcement. I have thoroughly cut ties with Bonnie Shepard. 
“My family and I are no longer affiliated with her in any way, shape, or form. Should I bump into her wherever it may be, I shall regard her as a stranger.” Immediately after, he posted the video on the family’s official Twitter account, asking, “How was that, Bonnie?” 
She nodded in satisfaction. 
Vera looked at her as if she were a stranger and said, “Now that we’ve held up our end of the bargain, please do your part and let Trina return to Pyralis University.” 
“You got it,” Bonnie made a phone call. “Russell, I’ve made a deal with the Shepards Trina into the university.” 
‘Did she just call the university president directly?! Gresham and the rest were astounded. 
can readmit 
‘Does that mean she knows Mr. Russell personally? They sound pretty close. How’s that even possible?!‘ 
‘Russell is the president of the great Pyralis University. Why would he be so close to a nobody like 
Bonnie? Is it because he also knows Bonnie is the miracle doctor?!” 
“Sure, I’ll pass the phone to them.” Bonnie handed her phone to Gresham, saying. “The university president would like a few words with you.” 
‘M–Mr. Russell wants to talk to m–me?” 
Gresham held the phone to his ear and said nervously, “H–Hello, Mr. Russell.” 
“Gresham, I hope you keep your end of the bargain. Your family mustn’t cause Bonnie any more trouble, got it? If it happens again, I’ll do much more than expel Trina. Your whole family won’t be able to live in Pyralls anymore by then.” 
Russell’s words terrified Gresham. Considering how the former talked about Bonnie, the duo was much closer than Gresham could have imagined. 
After ending the call, Gresham asked, “How on earth do you know the university president?” 
Bonnie looked at him blankly, saying, “You’re just a stranger. Why would I tell you about my private life?” 
Gresham was furious, but he quickly recomposed himself. 
‘It’s as she said. She’ll have her life, and we’ll have ours. It doesn’t matter how well or bad she does in the 
future. There’s no point asking her that question.” 
Soon after, Bonnie turned her attention to Demetri and Draco. “I’ll give you two the same deal I offered the Shepards. I’ll tell the authorities to free Hadwin, but your family must stop harassing me. I have ways 
of putting him back behind bars if you do.” 
The Rhodes differed from the Shepards as the former was a much bigger and wealthier family. Hence, 
they had some influence throughout Pyralis. They had never suffered such humiliation before this. Of 
course, they were more upset about the terms than the Shepards. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 337
Chapter 337 
“Fine. You’ve got yourself a deal,” Draco and Demetria said with restraint. 
Bonnie knew both families were displeased with the deal. Still, she got what she wanted out of their 
meeting. 
“Words mean nothing. We should sign an agreement.” Bonnie handed the two families her drafted contracts, and they read them carefully. 
They thought she would tweak a few words and pull a fast one over them. However, they were surprised that the contracts perfectly reflected every term she had voiced earlier. Ultimately, the two families 
signed the contracts. 
Bonnie took back the contracts and raised her brow. 
‘Perfect, I will no longer have to deal with the Shepards and Rhodes.” 
and Suddenly, she saw a silhouette outside the coffee shop from the corner of her eyes. Before getting up leaving. Bonnie told Gresham and the others, “Since that’s over, we’ll be strangers to each other from now 
onward.” 
Gresham watched as Bonnie left the coffee shop and headed toward the “sugar daddy” he had seen before. “Hmph! Does she think we’ll regret our decision because she’s the miracle doctor? She’s still the same pompous girl who doesn’t know how to respect her elders. Karma will get her soon enough.” 
He looked at the agreement he held and added, “Fortunately, we signed this agreement. We no longer 
have to concern ourselves with Bonnie.” 
Even Vera seemed relaxed. 
Meanwhile, Ivor smiled warmly at the approaching Bonnie. He asked, “Do you want to grab a bite?” 
“Sure.” 
When the duo entered the car, Ivor noticed the contracts Bonnie held and asked, “What are those?” 
“These allow me to cut off all ties with the Shepards,” Bonnie spoke casually. She nded like she was 
discussing something mundane that had nothing to do with her. 
Ivor frowned as his heart sank. After some thought, he said, “The universe is always fair. It knows you were robbed of loving parents and gave you the best husband ever instead.” 
Initially, Bonnie noticed his brief silence and thought he would say something to make her feel better. However, she did not expect to hear that. 
Ivor remembered something and said, “The Day family is hosting a dinner party next weekend, and I 
Vited Dr. Fanelli. Since you’ve missed meeting him twice, I’ll introduce you to him properly this time.” 
Bonnie did not recall receiving a text from him about that. She asked, “When did you invite Dr. Fanelli to the party? Why didn’t I know about it?” 
Chapter 237 
‘Did I miss his text when I was busy at the research institute?” 
While Bonnie was amidst her thoughts, she noticed Ivor monitoring her suspiciously, Immediately after, she realized she had just outed herself with the questions she asked earlier. She calmly added, “You didn’t tell me about the dinner earlier.” 
Ivor continued to gaze at her, saying, “I haven’t texted him yet. I planned to do it when I got home.” 
“Oh, so that’s what you mean.” 
‘That makes more sense. Although I was occupied at the research institute, I should’ve seen Ivor’s text when I left.” 
“Mark it on your calendar. You’re coming with me to the party,” Ivor said. 
Bonnie’s lips twitched. She was about to make an excuse but realized she could not keep doing that. After all, it would seem unnatural and grow more suspicious if she did. “Sure.” 
Friday arrived in the blink of an eye. Trina and the Shepard’s kept their promise and did not cause trouble for Bonnie over the past few days. It seemed the contracts were a necessary move. 
After class, Bonnie went to the research institute and heard footsteps behind her. It seemed someone was tailing her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 339
Chapter 339 
The mugger rolled and crashed into a nearby trash can. 
Thudi 
He screamed and g*** while Jordynn was stunned by what she saw. She was at a loss for words as she gawked at the mugger. 
Bonnie glanced at the mugger and said condescendingly, “Feel free to report yourself to the cops.” 
The mugger roared, “Who the f*** are you?! Why would I listen to you?” 
Immediately after, Bonnie kicked his chest. 
Crackl 
The sound of breaking ribs echoed. 
“Will you report yourself to the police department now?” Bonnie glanced at him blankly. She looked so casual that the mugger was full of fear. 
Meanwhile, Jordynn’s jaw dropped as she watched the unfolding events. 
“Aren’t you going to say something? I should’ve kicked you harder,” Bonnie cheerfully said as if she did 
not care about breaking his ribs. 
The mugger saw Bonnie motioning to kick him again and grew wide–eyed. He yelled, “1–I’ll do it!” 
Bam! 
w 
He was too late. Bonnie kicked him again. 
“Gah!” The mugger yelped in fear and pain. His eyes were bloodshot, and he was in so much pain that he 
could barely breathe. 
Bonnie frowned and asked, “Were you about to say you’d report yourself to the cops?” 
The mugger was on the verge of tears, stammering, “Y–You didn’t let me finish.” 
“Well, you should’ve spoken sooner.” Bonnie withdrew her leg and added, “Go on.” 
The mugger clutched his abdomen as a tear dropped to the ground. “1 think you broke my ribs. How am I 
supposed to go when I can’t get up?” 
“There’s no way you’re this weak. I didn’t even kick you that hard.” Bonnie looked at him as if he were a 
piece of trash. “You mug people for a living and should be somewhat tough. It seems I’m dead wrong. Why would you do these things if you’re so weak? What are you thinking?” 
The mugger was furious after getting insulted so badly. 
“Ugh, fine. I’ll call the cops. You’re such a burden, you know that?” Bonnie took her phone and called the police. Afterward, she turned to look at Jordynn, asking, “Is your leg okay?” 
Chapter339 
Jordynn was still in a daze and did not reply. 
“Jeez, you can’t even respond. Is it that severe?” Bonnie muttered before crouching and lifting Jordynn’s 
foot. 
“Argh, that hurts. Abri 
was so painful that she almost cried. 
“It’s not that severe. It’s just dislocated.” Bonnie determined Jordynn’s injury in less than a minute. 
The latter looked at her in disbelief, asking. “Do you have medical knowledge?” 
Immediately after, she remembered finding a medical journal in Bonnie’s school bag. 
“Uh–huh.” Bonnie held Jordynn’s injured foot and pushed it firmly. 
Click! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 340
Chapter 340 
Jordynn instantly felt better and was no longer doubtful. Indeed, Bonnie was adept in medical knowledge. Even so, the former asked, “Aren’t you a computer science student? How do you know this stuff?” 
“Can’t a lady have a hobby?” Bonnie spoke the truth. 
Judging by her expression, Jordynn knew she was telling the truth. She asked, “Are you usually this good with all your hobbies?” 
“You think I’m good at this? I think I’m way worse at medical knowledge than my main job.” 
“Your main job?” Soon after, Jordynn knew what Bonnie meant. “Are you talking about computer science?” 
Before Bonnie could answer, Jordynn formulated a theory, saying, “I guess that makes sense. After all, you hacked into Pyralis University’s security to reclaim that footage. Not even the professors could’ve 
done that. 
“That reminds me. Since you’re already outstanding in computer science, why’d you sign up for the 
course?” 
“That’s because my computer skills are the worst among my other skills.” 
“Haha, you’re pretty cocky.” As far as Jordynn knew, Bonnie was bluffing. However, the former could not bring herself to hate Bonnie. After all, an occasional bluff from someone as skillful as Bonnie was not a 
problem. 
“Bonnie, I take back everything I said about you before.” 
“Huh?” Bonnie looked at Jordynn in a daze. 
“I used to say you don’t deserve Ivor.” 
I 
“Oh, that’s what you’re talking about. Don’t worry about it. I didn’t let it bother me.” 
“Really?” Jordynn had never met anyone so understanding. If someone gave her a cheque and started 
insulting her, she would not have forgiven that person. 
Bonnie chuckled and said, “You’re not the first one to humiliate and look down or ne. I’m a country bumpkin who weaseled her way into a wealthy family. A bunch of people despise me for that. How would I live if I had to settle the score with those people?” 
Although she sounded casual, Jordynn could not help but feel sorry for her. Simultaneously, the latter felt guilty. “You’re my kind of gal. Fine, you’re now one of my best friends. Just holler if you need help with anything. I can ensure the Shepards never pester you again.” 
“Thanks, but that won’t be necessary. I’ve ended things between me and them. I’ll have my life, and they’ll 
have theirs.” 
Those words reminded Jordynn about the latest video Gresham posted on Twitter. 
“Cool, I guess it’s better that way. Honestly, parents are the ones who can be genuinely selfless to their 
Chapte: 540 
kids. We can make the most outrageous mistakes, yet they forgive us. At mont, they’d lecture us 
“With that in mind, you did nothing wrong. Although you grew up in the countryside, you didn’t have a choice. I can’t believe the Shepards underestimated and disowned you for being a country girl. You’re far better off without them. Don’t rejoin them, even if they’re wealthy 
“Got it.” Bonnie responded briefly and helped Jordynn up 
The latter said, “My family’s having a dinner party tomorrow. Would you like to join us?” 
Indeed, it was a troubling situation for Bonnie. 
“Oh, I’m an idiot!” Jordynn smacked her forehead. “Sebastian invited Ivor to the party, so I’m sure he’ll bring you along” 
Things just got much worse for me.” 
The following night, Bonnie changed into a gown and went downstairs. Ivor was overly excited as he admired the splendid young lady before him, saying, “You look spectacular in everything, Bonnie.” 
However, she was in no mood to entertain him. She was still thinking about how to get through the party without blowing her cover. 
“M’lady.” Ivor opened the car door for Bonnie and entered after her. He then took his phone and said, “I should call Dr. Fanelli first to see if he’s on the way.” 
Bonnie instinctively squeezed her phone when she heard that. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 341
Chapter 341 
When Ivor called Fanelli’s number, Bonnie turned off her phone. Ivor would have found her out if she were 
just a second later. 
Ivor mumbled, “Huh? Why’d he turn off his phone?” 
“He must’ve forgotten to charge it before leaving.” Bonnie said casually. 
“That’s possible. Anyway, I picked some gowns for you. I’ll send you the pictures. Check them out and tell 
me which is your favorite.” Ivor sent the pictures as he spoke and then looked at her phone. 
Seconds passed, but her phone screen did not light up. 
Is it a signal issue?” Ivor motioned to grab Bonnie’s phone. 
However, she stuffed it in her handbag and said, “I’ll check them later.” 
Ivor gazed at the bag. Even though the phone was inside, he could have seen the glow of her phone screen lighting up. However, the phone screen remained dark. 
ne? With tha 
“Although it could be a signal issue, it shouldn’t last this long, right? Did she turn off her phone?” 
in mind, Ivor squinted suspiciously. 
Soon after, the couple reached the Days‘ villa. All the lights inside were on, and some guests held wine glasses while chatting. Jordynn saw Ivor and went to welcome him, “Where’s Dr. Fanelli, Ivor? Why isn’t 
he here with you?” 
Sebastian smiled and shook his head. “My sister must’ve fallen head over heels for the doctor. The first 
thing she asks about is Dr. Fanelli.” 
“Hey, don’t make fun of me!” Jordynn retorted out of embarrassment. 
“Hahaha, you’re embarrassed? There’s no need for that. You two are attractive and talented. You’re meant to be together. Our whole family would love to see that.” 
“Stop it, Sebastian!” Jordynn blushed. 
Bonnie’s eye twitched as Jordynn said, “I’m still waiting for an answer, Ivor. Whe’s Dr. Fanelli?” 
“I called him before I arrived, but he turned off his phone. He must’ve forgotten to charge it. Still, you don’t need to worry. He promised to attend the party, so he’ll be here,” Ivor said as he glanced at Bonnie. 
“I’d like to think Dr. Fanelli is the kind of guy who will keep his promises. Perhaps he’s stuck in traffic. It’s okay. The party’s just getting started, and we have all night.” 
Since it would take a while before Fanelli arrived, Jordynn took Bonnie’s arm and said, “Since it’s your first time here, I’ll show you the orchard behind the house. You’ll find various fruits there.” 
Sebastian was bewildered. “I thought you had different opinions about Bonnie before. Why are you so warm and friendly to her now?” 
He tried to sugarcoat it because Bonnie was there. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 338
Chapter 338 
Bonnie whipped around but saw no one on the street behind her. However, she caught the hem of a pink shirt by the alley. It seemed a lady was following her. 
Bonnie searched her memory and recalled Jordynn occasionally appearing nearby that day. The latter 
wore a pink shirt, too. 
Meanwhile, Jordynn hid in the alley and patted her chest, thinking, ‘Phew, It’s a good thing I ducked in here in time. Otherwise, she would’ve caught me.” 
Before she knew it, a knife appeared on her neck. “Give me everything you have.” 
She nervously glanced at the mugger and realized the man wore a mask. She was terrified, stammering.” Oh, okay. I–I’ll give you everything. Just take it easy, okay?” 
Jordynn paled as she tremblingly handed the mugger her phone. 
“Okay, now give me your necklace, bracelet, and everything else.” 
“W–Wait a second, I’ll remove these first.” She obeyed the man and removed all her jewelry, even giving. him her earrings. She was on the verge of tears when she asked, “Can you let me go now?” 
“What rotten luck to run into a mugger! Oh, man, I regret doing this. I knew I should’ve stopped following 
Bonnie when it got dark. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have ended up in this dark alley and got mugged. Fortunately, he’s only after my valuables.” 
The mugger looked at Jordynn from head to toe and said l***, “You’re packing a good pair there.” 
“N–No, I gave you everything. I swear!” 
“Heh heh heh, I’ll see for myself. Let me search you, little lady.” The mugger motioned to grab Jordynn’s 
b***. 
She was so frightened that she instinctively flung her bag at him. She got lucky and hit his head, causing 
him to yell in surprise. That was when Jordynn turned and fled the scene. 
“Stop, you b***! I’ll make you regret it if you keep running!” The mugger held hi 
her. 
ad and chased after 
Bonnie heard the commotion and saw Jordynn desperately running toward her, “Bonnie, run! Get out of 
here!” 
Bonnie saw the mugger behind Jordynn and realized what had happened. It appeared she was right about 
Jordynn following her. The former also realized Jordynn could have run and left her at the mugger’s 
mercy to save herself. Instead, Jordynn warned Bonnie about the mugger. 
The former realized Bonnie froze. Jordynn yelled, “Hurry up and run, Bonnie! He might be alone, but he has a knife! He might have some friends hiding around here, too. What are you waiting for? Run!” 
Suddenly, Jordynn tripped and fell. “Argh! That hurt!” 
Chapter38 
2/2 
Her face reddened as sweat rolled down her cheeks. She held her feet and curled up on the ground, on the verge of tears. 
The mugger finally caught up and said, “Aww, why aren’t you running anymore? I just wanted to search. you for valuables.” 
Tears blurred Jordynn’s vision. Soon after, it cleared up, and she saw Bonnie. 
Jordynn’s eyes widened as she wondered, ‘What in the world is she thinking? It’s bad enough she didn’t run, but she’s even serving herself to him on a silver platter!” 
“Well, damn, pretty lady. How’re you doing? It looks like I’m having a t*** tonight!” The mugger observed Bonnie’s figure l***. 
The exasperated Jordynn looked at Bonnie and said, “I told you to run, but you wouldn’t listen. Now look 
what-” 
Suddenly, Bonnie kicked the mugger, sending him flying. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 342
Chapter 342 
Sebastian was cautious with several concerns, while Jordynn was his polar opposite. She was worry–free and typically spoke her mind. 
7 used to think Bonnie was a good–for–nothing with a poor character. I didn’t think she was good enough. for Ivor. However, I’ve learned that every rumor about her is unfounded. She’s talented and noble. Also, she’s knowledgeable in medicine.” 
“She has medical knowledge?” Sebastian looked at Bonnie curiously. 
“That’s right! Not only that, she’s also excellent at it. I dislocated my foot yesterday, and she pushed it 
back into place.” 
Ivor turned to squint at Bonnie when he heard that. 
Sebastian joked, “I’m surprised you’re so talented at such a young age. No wonder Ivor fell for you. After all, he’s dense and never showed much interest In girls.” 
“That’s enough, Sebastian! I’ll leave you and Ivor to it and take Bonnie to the orchard now. Oh, right! Tell me when Dr. Fanelli arrives!” Jordynn said excitedly before leaving. 
Under normal circumstances, Bonnie would have sunk her teeth into the various fruits in the orchard. However, she felt troubled and had to slip away quickly. Otherwise, Fanelli would never show up at the 
party. 
“Jordynn, my stomach’s feeling a little funny. Where’s the restroom?” 
Jordynn worriedly looked at Bonnie’s belly and asked, “Did you eat something your tummy doesn’t agree with? Are you okay? I can call the family doctor if you want.” 
Bonnie said smilingly, “You’re forgetting I have medical knowledge. There’s nothing to worry about. Like you said, I might’ve just eaten something that doesn’t sit well with me. A trip to the restroom should take 
care of it.” 
Jordynn was relieved to hear that. She pointed to the hallway on their left and said, “The restroom’s over there. Come on, I’ll show you the way.” 
“That won’t be necessary. You can go out front and wait for Dr. Fanelli. He might show up soon.” Bonnie’s 
words made Jordynn’s heart race. 
“Fine, I’ll go wait for him out front. Promise me you’ll call me if you’re feeling too bad.” 
“Okay, I promise. Now, go on.” Bonnie watched as Jordynn left. Immediately after the latter disappeared around the corner, Bonnie climbed out of the orchard. She landed near a bag she had hidden in the 
bushes earlier. 
She then retrieved the clothes in the bag and disguised herself as Fanelli before going to the main entrance. When she reached the gate, she saw an excited Jordynn running over to welcome her. 
“You’re finally here, Dr. Fanelli! I’ve been waiting for you for so long. What was the holdup? Were you stuck 
in traffic?” Jordynn said with a big smile. 
“Yeah, traffic was terrible.” Bonnie then sensed someone else staring at her. She steadied herself and turned to see who it was. Of course, it was Ivor with an inexplicable emotion in his eyes. 
Sebastian patted Ivor’s shoulder and said, “They say it’s much easier for a girl to win a man’s heart than vice versa. Considering how enthusiastic Jordynn Is, It’s safe to say she’ll win over Dr. Fanelli soon.” 
“It’s still too early to tell.” Ivor continued to gaze at Bonnie. 
“What do you mean?” Sebastian was surprised. 
Instead of explaining himself, Ivor took his phone and called Bonnie. “We’re sorry. The person you called. is unavailable. Please try again later.” 
Although Bonnie looked like she was chatting with Jordynn, the former monitored Ivor out of the corner of her eye. She noticed him using his phone. However, she could not see what was on his phone screen since she stood some distance away. 
Still, she guessed it was likely he was trying to call her. Fortunately, she had expected it and turned off her phone. 
Since Ivor had failed to call Bonnie, he approached Jordynn and asked, “Where’s Bonnie? I thought she was just with you.” 
“She had a tummy issue and went to the restroom.” 
“Tummy issues?” Ivor frowned. “Which one did she go to?” 
“It’s the one by the orchard. You know where it is.” 
Ivor tucked his phone back into his pocket and said, “I’ll go and look for her.” 
Immediately after, he strode toward the orchard. With that, he walked briskly toward the orchard. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 343
Chapter 343 
Bonnie was speechless as she watched Ivor leave. Although she had been “In the toilet” for a minute, he could not wait for her to come out. 
The blushing Jordynn leaned closer to Bonnie and asked, “I need a favor from you, Dr. Fanelli,” 
‘Jeez, I’m the one who needs help around here.” 
“You’re the only one who can help me with it, Doc. My life will end if you don’t give me a hand.” 
“That sounds serious. I wonder what it could be.” 
“What do you need help with?” 
Jordynn glanced at Sebastian and pulled her aside. “Ezequiel Acosta, the family’s third son, is my childhood friend. He’s been clinging to me since childhood, but I never liked that. He has been confessing 
his love to me occasionally. 
“I’ve turned him down countless times, but he just won’t take no for an answer. He said he’d marry me 
one way or the another.” 
Bonnie asked, “So, how do I factor into this?” 
“Hehe.” Jordynn looked at “Bonnie’s” attractive face and smiled at her swooningly. “I want you to be my 
boyfriend to deter Ezequiel.” 
Bonnie’s eyes widened as she said, “Sorry, I can’t do that.” 
“You’re a man. Of course, you can ‘do‘ it.” 
Bonnie did not have a good comeback for that. 
Jordynn added, “I’m talking about making it real or anything. I’m just asking you to pretend. That way, Ezequiel will stop bugging me.” 
Jordynn thought, ‘It might not be real now, but an act can sometimes turn into reality.” 
“Umm, you should find another guy to help you with this. I have somewhere to be now.” Bonnie glanced after Ivor and thought, I know how fast he walks, and he’s probably reaching the restroom any second now and will realize I’m not there. I can’t dilly–dally. I have to go back.” 
Bonnie was about to leave, but Jordynn held her arm tightly, saying, “I don’t have time to find another guy. Ezequiel might be annoying, but he’s quite handsome. He won’t give up if I get a random guy to help me.” 
“Why don’t you find someone more handsome than him and get it over with? It’s not that hard to find ant attractive guy, right?” 
“The problem isn’t finding someone more good–looking than Ezequiel. The Acostas are one of the wealthiest and most prestigious families in Pyralis. Also, his grandfather was a general who led armies into battle in the warring days. 
“Ezequiel won’t be intimidated if I find a regular good–looking guy to not like my boyfriend. On the other hand, you’re a renowned miracle doctor whoan reputation in widely known across Arvandor 
“You also built your career yourself. Ezequiel will give up bugging me if you pretend to be my boyfriend, Jordynn held Bonnie tighter, fearing she might sprint off 
“I don’t get why you refuse to be with him. After all, his family is powerful, he’s handsome, and he’s loyal to vou. For Heaven’s sake, he has loved you since childhood.” Bonnie was puzzled and worried. 
“He’s too rugged–looking!” The thought of spending her life with someone like that made Jordynn shudder. She could not accept it. 
“I’m sorry, what?” Bonnie was uncharacteristically rude after hearing Jordynn’s baffling excuse. 
‘She could’ve said something was wrong with his character or morals, but no. She’s saying he’s too rugged -looking. I just can’t with her.” 
“That’s where you differ, Dr. Fanelli. I love guys who look like pretty boys.” Jordynn admired Bonnie’s glowing face and resisted the urge to pinch it. 
The latter’s lips twitched as she asked, “Why do I feel you’re mocking me?” 
“Why would I do that? I’m complimenting you. You’re so fair that you’re glowing. Although I’m also fair- skinned, yours is far clearer than mine. I’ve met plenty of ladies, but none are fairer than you.” Jordynn 
continued to praise “Bonnie.” 
*Just how rugged–looking is he? I thought you said he’s attractive.” 
“Ruggedness has nothing to do with good looks. He’s the most handsome, rugged man I’ve seen. Still, that’s just not my preference.” 
Jordynn held her head, looking as if she was about to fall apart, which piqued Bonnie’s interest. The latter wondered just how rugged Jordynn’s childhood friend looked. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 344
Chapter 344 
1/2 
Bonnie was amidst her thoughts when Jordynn’s eyes widened. Suddenly, the latter turned and muttered, ” Speak of the devil. Here he comes.” 
‘It seems this Ezequiel guy is about to make an appearance. Let’s see just how rugged he looks.” 
Bonnie turned and saw Ezequiel. She would have missed him without seeing his eyes and teeth. As 
Jordynn said, the man was rugged–looking, but even so, he was handsome. 
“Jordynn, what are you doing here? I’ve been looking all over for you,” Ezequiel said as he handed her a 
bouquet of roses. 
Jordynn instinctively held “Bonnie’s” waist, shocked as she thought, ‘Woah, he has a slender waist. It feels rather firm and tight. I like it!” 
“1 was chatting with Dr. Fanelli.” 
Ezequiel’s eyes widened. “Wh–what are you doing, Jordynn? Take your hands off him! You’re a lady, for crying out loud. You’ll ruin your reputation if someone sees you holding him like that.” 
“What are you talking about? I love Dr. Fanelli. I plan on marrying him,” the more Jordynn spoke, the more excited she became. She even tightened her grip around Bonnie’s waist. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie noticed Ezequiel glaring at her. She realized he resented her for snatching his 
potential future wife away. 
“Knock it off, Jordynn,” Bonnie plucked Jordynn’s hand off her waist. 
*She can deal with her problems, especially since I have my own to handle. 
Before Bonnie knew it, Jordynn clung to her like a koala. “No way, you’re the only man I’ll marry.” 
The former gasped internally. Bonnie did not have to look at Ezequiel to know he was glaring daggers at 
her. Bonnie said, “You shouldn’t joke about these things.” 
“I’m not joking!” Jordynn spoke much louder than she intended, shocking everyone around them. She confidently added, “I swear I spoke the truth just now. You’re the only one I’ll marry. If I go back on my 
words, I’ll die a horrible- Mmph? Mmph!” 
Bonnie covered Jordynn’s mouth. It was too scary to think what could have happened if she were just a 
second slower. Soon after, she released Jordynn, and the latter looked at her with embarrassment. “Since you touched my lips, I’m basically your fiancee now.” 
Bonnie did not know what to say at that point. She checked the time and realized it had been twenty minutes since Ivor went looking for her. 
“Ivor’s probably getting ready to break down that restroom door now.” 
Meanwhile, Ivor waited at the female restroom door, wondering. ‘What’s taking her so long?” 
“Bonnie, are you in there?!” Since no one answered, he checked his watch and thought, ‘I’ll give her five 
more minutes. If she doesn’t answer me, I’m going in.” 
2/2 
Bonnie withdrew her arms from Jordynn and said, “My stomach’s feeling funny. I need to use the 
restroom.” 
‘Jordynn won’t stop using me to ward off Ezequiel. There’s nothing I can say to make him believe there’s nothing between her and me.” 
“Why’s everyone’s stomach feeling funny tonight?” Jordynn could only watch as Bonnie left. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 345
Chapter 345 
Ezequiel stood in Jordynn’s line of sight as the latter watched Bonnie leave. “Are you serious, Jordynn? 
You’re in love with him? 
“Do you think I’d joke about something like that?” Jordynn asked instead of giving him a straight answer 
N–No, you can’t do that. We’re 
Jordynn cut him off before he could finish, “We’re just childhood friends, Ezequiel Eve always considered you a close friend. I didn’t want to be so nasty toward you, but you’re annoying sometimes 
1 tried telling you nicely, but you always said I’m the only one you loved. I had to give you the cold shoulder to make you give up on me 
Jordynn sighed heavily, not knowing what else to do. She held his hand and said, “Can’t we just be friends? I liked everything about you until you started confessing your love for me. You’re kind–hearted, 
humble, and friendly 
You’ve always gotten good grades, and you’re doing exceptionally well at work. You have so many good qualities I can’t bear to lose a friend like you.” 
Ezequiel lowered his head and looked at Jordynn’s hands. He was thrilled about her holding his hands but could not accept what she had just said. 
“No, I refuse to be just your friend. I want to marry you and have babies with you. I won’t give up. Jordynn. I’ll keep trying to win your heart unless you’re married to someone else.” Ezequiel withdrew his hands and 
chased after Bonnie. 
Jordynn rubbed her hands together and muttered, “Is he seriously mad at me? Jeez.” 
It was the first time he had been so mad at her. 
Five minutes later, Ivor shouted into the female restroom, “Bonnie, are you there?! I’ll come in if you don’t 
answer me!” 
When no one answered, he entered the restroom without hesitation. At that moment, Bonnie arrived and 
saw him entering. 
Ivor squinted and exited the restroom soon after, muttering. “Where is she?” 
Then, he saw Bonnie, still disguised as Fanelli, standing outside the restroom. Ivor asked, “What are your doing here, Dr. Fanelli?” 
“Umm…” Before Bonnie could reply, he interjected. 
“Are you going to tell me you’ll be using the restroom?” “Ivor looked at “Bonnie” from head to toe. “There 
are restrooms near the entrance, Doc. You didn’t have to come this far for a restroom.” 
‘Ivor is such an intelligent man. He must’ve guessed something’s amiss and is now questioning me.” 
Chase 145 
“Jordynn told me there’s a huge orchard in the back. So, I came to check it out before using the restroom.” 
“Oh, is that so?” 
Bonnie could tell from his tone that he did not buy what she was trying to sell. Ivor asked, “I thought you said you were here for the restroom. What are you waiting for, Doc?” 
“I’m about to head in now.” 
Ivor kept staring at her. 
‘This is tricky. Since I’m disguised as a man, I can’t enter the female restroom, especially not when he’s staring me down.” 
Fortunately, the restrooms by the orchard were far from the main part of the house. Hence, almost no one would be using them. When she entered the male restroom, she realized Ivor followed suit. 
Ivor continued to probe, “Why are you looking at me like that, Doc? I need to use the restroom, too. Is there something wrong with that?” 
“Oh, it’s no problem at all.” 
“Well, things just got trickier.” 
Suddenly, he grabbed her arm and said, “The urinals are over there. Where are you going?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 346
Chapter 346 
Ivor led Bonnie to the urinals. Although she was a tough and composed lady, she did not know how to 
react. 
“Why aren’t you pulling down your pants?” Ivor asked as he casually monitored her reaction. When she turned to look at him, he was already unfastening his belt at a urinal. 
Ivor pulled Bonnie over to the urinals. 
“I–I’m going number two.” Bonnie opened the door and closed it immediately after, not daring to waste. another second. 
Ivor smirked as he looked at the closed door. He fastened his belt, leaned on the edge of the sink, and 
gazed at the door quietly. Five minutes later, Bonnie opened the door and saw him standing by the sink, seemingly waiting for her. 
“Ivor, you’re still here?” 
He stepped forward and leaned close to Bonnie, saying, “Since it’s your first time here, I was concerned you couldn’t find your way back to the party. I stayed back to help you.” 
“Oh, okay. Thanks, I guess.” 
“No problem, Doc. Come on, let’s go.” 
Bonnie glanced at him, thinking, ‘I’m sure I’m not imagining things, but I can’t help but think he’s treating 
me differently from before. He keeps looking at me weirdly.” 
She was so lost in her thoughts that she almost bumped into someone walking toward her. Fortunately, 
Ivor reacted quickly and grabbed her shoulder to pull her back. 
Bonnie looked up and saw Ezequiel. The latter looked at her as if she was his rival. He said, “Jordynn and I are childhood friends. We’re destined to be together. I hope you’ll back out of your relationship with her.” 
“Sure, I’ll do just that.” Bonnie nodded. 
However, Ezequiel was stunned. ‘Hmm, I thought he’d put up a fight and prepared to talk him down. It looks like that was unnecessary, after all. Still, I don’t know what he’s thinking.” 
“A–Are you serious,” Ezequiel asked. 
Bonnie replied solemnly, “Of course I am. You two are a perfect match, and she told me you come from an exceptional family. You’re tough and talented in many ways. You’re also handsome. I’m rooting for 
you, Mr. Ezequiel.” 
Considering her tone, he could not detect a note of sarcasm or trickery. It seemed “Bonnie” gave him her 
genuine blessings. 
“Don’t you love Jordynn, Dr. Fanelli?” 
“I do,” Bonnie’s response unnerved him. However, she added, “She’s outspoken and pretty. It’d be tough 
Chapter 346 
not to like her. Still, I don’t love her as much as you do. I love her in a more sisterly way.” 
Ezequiel felt like he had just gone through an emotional roller coaster. He said, “I can sense you’re telling the truth. That’s a load off my mind. I’m sorry for bothering you, Dr. Fanelli.” 
Bonnie noticed he was about to leave and stopped him. “That’s it? I might not have loved Jordynn that way, but she has real feelings for me.” 
Ezequiel’s heart leaped into his throat. He looked at “Bonnie,” who looked better than him and thought about how she was also the miracle doctor. After some thought, he knew Jordynn was crazy about the 
doctor. 
‘Things aren’t looking good for me!” 
Bonnie asked, “Do you know why she wouldn’t give you a chance?” 
Ezequiel’s eyes widened. “Do you?” 
She glanced at him and said truthfully. “She told me it’s because of your rugged looks.” 
Ezequiel’s jaw dropped. Moments later, he smiled bitterly, saying, “I can’t help it if I was born that way. It’s in my family’s genes.” 
“Your family?” 
“Yeah, all of the Acostas are rugged–looking. Ezequiel rubbed his face dejectedly. 
Bonnie asked, “Have you tried facial creams?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 347
Chapter 347 
“I would’ve done that in a heartbeat if it worked.” 
Bonnie extended her hand and said, “Give me your wrist.” 
“What do you think you’re doing?” Ivor’s expression turned cold. 
“Huh? Is he jealous of Ezequiel?‘ Bonnie looked at Ivor from head to toe. That can’t be right. I’m disguised 
as Dr. Fanelli, a guy.” 
Ezequiel asked, “Are you going to check my pulse?” 
“Mhm.” 
He sighed heavily, saying, “I don’t doubt your medical skills, but I was born this way. There’s nothing you can do about genes.” 
“Are you sure about that? You’re not the doctor here, I am.” Bonnie checked his wrist pulse and knitted 
her brow. 
Ezequiel saw her expression and sighed again. “Don’t bother, Doctor. I’m okay with looking rugged for the 
rest of my life.” 
Bonnie released his hand and said, “Sure, you can get used to it. Then, you’d have to kiss Jordynn 
goodbye. You said it’s your family’s genes, right? Don’t you think she’d be worried about having a rugged- 
looking baby like you? 
“That could be her exact concern. That’s why she’ll never accept you, no matter how hard you try to impress her.” 
Ezequiel was worried when he heard that. “W–Well, what should I do? I can’t just change the way I look.” 
Bonnie chuckled. “That won’t be necessary. I’ll just prescribe you some medicine.” 
“H–How do you cure rugged looks?” 
“You should see some improvements after a week.” Although Bonnie said a week, she id that to be on the safe side. “Your family genes might be too strong. So, a full transformation might take at least six 
months.” 
Ezequiel felt so moved that he held Bonnie’s hands tremblingly. “Thank you, Dr. Fanelli! I’ll be indebted to you if you can cure my rugged looks. I’ll follow your instructions to the tee.” 
Ivor pried his hand off Bonnie’s and said, “You don’t have to hold him so tightly. What’ll you do if you hurt him? 
Just then, Ezequiel noticed how fair and smooth Fanelli’s hands were. “Your hands are so fair and soft, Dr. Fanelli. I swear, they look and feel better than women’s hands. Do you make your traditional concoction of medicine 
“I was born with soft skin,” Bonnie said truthfully. 
Chapter 347 
212 
Ezequiel felt slightly hurt by her answer. 
‘Come on, we’re men who carry our families‘ genes. So, why am I so rugged while he’s fair?” 
Meanwhile, Jordynn patiently awaited Fanelli’s return at the party hall. She muttered, “That’s strange. Where’s Dr. Fanelli? I don’t see him around anymore, and Ezequiel’s run off, too.” 
A lady brushed past her and heard what she said. She asked, “Are you looking for Ezequiel? I think I just saw him with Dr. Fanelli a minute ago.” 
‘Crap! Is Ezequiel picking a fight with Dr. Fanelli? Jordynn exclaimed inwardly, ‘Dr. Fanelli looks thin, frail, and very gentlemanly. What’ll I do if Ezequiel lets his anger take over and he does something stupid?’ 
The more Jordynn thought about it, the more worried she became. She then bolted out of the hall and toward the place the lady had pointed at earlier. After taking just a few steps, she saw Ezequiel walking 
behind “Bonnie.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 348
Chapter 348 
“If you need anything, please don’t hesitate to call me, Dr. Fanelll. I’ll be there before you know it. That reminds me. Where do you stay? Do you like where you live? I can arrange another villa for 
you if you need it. 
“Do you know where Lenfield Resort is? My family owns a villa there. If it’s all right with you, I can get the keys for you right now.” 
Jordynn froze when she saw Ezequiel and Fanelli acting like they were buddies. Jordynn had to pinch her thighs to ensure she was not hallucinating. “Oof, that hurt. Okay, I’m not dreaming.” 
Ezequiel heard her and ran over immediately. “What’s wrong? Did you feel a sudden pain? Show me where it hurts.” 
Jordynn’s lip twitched when she saw how passionate and thoughtful he was. “No, that’s okay. I feel fine.” “Are you sure? I heard you yelping earlier. Are you too embarrassed to show me where it hurts? Come on, we’ve known each other since childhood.” Ezequiel checked her from head to toe, worried. 
Jordynn cocked her head and rolled her eyes. She pointed at her inner thigh and said, “It hurt here. Are you going to check on that?” 
Ezequiel blushed and stuttered, “U–Umm, I can do it if you give me your consent. A–After all, we’ll get married in the future. So, I guess that makes it okay.” 
Jordynn did not know how to respond, so she ignored him. She approached Bonnie and whispered, “Did Ezequiel look for you just now, Dr. Fanelli?” 
“Yeah, he did.” 
“Did he treat you poorly? After all, you two are supposed to be love rivals. I thought he’d resent you.” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at Jordynn, saying, “So, you knew what you were doing. Why would you use me to get rid of him?” 
“Uh, hehehe!” Jordynn chuckled embarrassedly. “Well, he’s fundamentally a nice guy. Although he might consider you a love rival, he won’t do anything outrageous. Come on, I’m irious about why you two look like buddies now. 
“Also, did he just say he’ll let you stay in one of his family’s villas at Lenfield Resort? That place is just as upscale as Lakemirage Heights now. The latter is the most upscale neighborhood in Pyralis. That means every villa in Lenfield Resort is highly valuable. 
“Do you want to know something crazier? I heard Reuben designed each villa in Lenfield Resort. That’s why all the wealthy people in Pyralis–no, everyone in Arvandor–want a place there. Not even my family 
can afford it. 
“I can’t believe Ezequiel offered you one of his family’s resorts. Why would he do that? Although, hist family might disagree with it.” Jordynn looked at Bonnie in disbelief. 
Chapter 348 
The latter said dryly, “Perhaps he offered it to me because I can help with his rugged looks.” 
Jordynn 
in was shocked. “You truly are a miracle doctor. Just how good are you, Dr. Fanelli?” 
Bonnie merely smiled at her. Then, Ezequiel came over and looked at the duo. Although he knew Bonnie had no emotional attachments to Jordynn, he could not help but feel jealous when he saw his beloved swoon at the miracle doctor. 
“Over here, Jordynn. I have something to tell you.” 
“Gosh, what is it? Why can’t you just tell me here?” Jordynn wanted to stay close to Fanelli. She could not afford to waste a single moment. 
Ezequiel shared a look with Bonnie, signaling her to help him out. The latter chuckled helplessly and said, I’ll leave you two to it. I have to go over there anyway.” 
Bonnie went to the pool area, not giving Jordynn a chance to stop her. The former thought she had finally gotten rid of Jordynn, but she was unaware that an even bigger headache was approaching. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 349
Chapter 349 
A group of ladies swarmed Bonnie. 
“Dr. Fanelli, how old are you? I must say, you look young. Do you have a girlfriend? What kind of girls do you like?” 
“My dad wanted me to ask if you’re willing to marry someone from my family. Since I’m the only daughter, he’ll let you take over our family business if you marry me.” 
The ladies barraged Bonnie with questions. She wanted to leave, but they packed in too tightly. She could not escape, and the circle grew narrower by the second. Ultimately, it got so bad that she could not even stand properly. 
Everyone pushed against each other, trying to get closer to Bonnie. That was the only way they could make their proposals to her. 
Suddenly, one of the ladies tripped and fell into the pool. Before she fell, she instinctively grabbed the closest person to her. Soon after, everyone fell into the pool together. 
Splash, splash! Splash! 
The noise drew everyone else’s attention. Jordynn glanced toward the pool and noticed Fanelli was not there. She shouted worriedly, “Shit! Someone, help! Dr. Fanelli fell into the 
pool!” 
Immediately after, Ivor ran past Jordynn and dove into the pool. She was baffled, wondering how close. Ivor was to Fanelli. 
Bonnie knew how to swim, but a chubby lady fell on her. It caused Bonnie to fall to the bottom of the pool, leading to a cramp in Bonnie’s calf. Hence, she struggled to swim to the surface. As she began to panic, a familiar figure swam toward her. 
It was Ivor. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie’s consciousness began to fade, and her vision blurred. Ivor realized “Bonnie” was in grave danger and gave her mouth–to–mouth underwater. 
Splash! 
The duo emerged from the pool. Ivor lay Bonnie by the edge and removed his blazer to put it over her. 
Jordynn was anxious when she saw the unconscious Bonnie. “How’s Dr. Fanelli doing? Will he be okay?” 
Ivor held Bonnie tightly, his expression stern as he exclaimed, “Find him a doctor, now!” 
“I–I’ll go now!” 
Soon after, a doctor arrived. He looked at Ivor and said, “Please put him down slowly, Mr. Ivor.” 
However, Ivor held Bonnie tighter, saying, “Just check on him, will you?” 
The doctor was stunned, but he had to check on Fanelll now. Jordynn was stumped as she leaned closer 
to Ezequiel and whispered, “Don’t you think Ivor is a little too worried about Dr. Fanelli? Do you think they’re lovers?” 
Jordynn supported most couples, but only when the couple did not involve someone she liked. 
Ezequiel said, “Now that you mention it, I saw Ivor and Dr. Fanelli leaving the restroom together. Also, Ivor seemed unhappy when I got slightly too close to Dr. Fanelli.” 
Jordynn slowly turned and stared at Ivor. 
“C–Come on, really?!” she gulped, adding, “I thought Ivor was in love with Bonnie.” 
Ezequiel shrugged. After all, he did not know the details between the two. 
“Huh?” The doctor gasped and stared at Bonnie. Immediately after, he met Ivor’s fierce gaze. 
The latter asked, “Do you want me to claw your eyes out?” 
The doctor averted his gaze and said, “D–Dr. Fanelli’s okay. He should wake up soon.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 350
Chapter 350 
A moment later, Bonnie coughed several times and regained consciousness. The first thing she saw was Ivor’s concerned gaze. She had never seen him look at anyone else like that, except her real self. 
‘I knew it. He saw through my disguise.” 
“Are you okay? Do you feel any pain? Tell me if you are.” 
Bonnie smiled faintly and said, “I’m okay.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“You’re forgetting I’m a doctor. I should know whether or not something’s wrong.” Her words made Ivor feel much better. 
He said, “I’ll take you home now.” 
“Okay.” 
Ivor swooped her up and brdal carried her. Meanwhile, something felt wrong for Jordynn. She asked, “Are you trying to compete with me for Dr. Fanelli’s heart?” 
“You’re the one who’s competing with me in the first place,” Ivor retorted solemnly and gave her a warning look. 
“Uh…” Jordynn was stunned and took a while to regain her consciousness. 
Sebastian came over and patted his sister’s shoulder. 
Jordynn was on the verge of tears as she asked, “Why did Ivor suddenly fall for Dr. Fanelli? I thought he was in love with Bonnie. Now that he’s a thing with the doctor, what does it mean for Bonnie? Hell, what does it mean for me?” 
Sebastian could not decide if she should laugh or cry. He looked at his sister and asked, “With everything that has happened, how are you still not noticing it?” 
“What do you mean? Ivor and Dr. Fanelli are in love with each other.” 
Suddenly, Sebastian flicked her forehead. 
“Ouch! Why’d you do that? It hurt,” 
“I did that because you aren’t using your brain.” 
“What does that mean?” Jordynn questioned as she rubbed her forehead. 
“Have you seen Ivor that concerned about anyone besides Bonnie?” 
Jordynn replied, “Yeah, Dr. Fanelli! Everyone saw it, Sebastian. What’s the point of that question?” 
Sebastian felt the urge to flick her forehead again but did not. Instead, he shook his head and said, ” You’re beyond help. It’s a wonder how you got into Pyralis University.” 
Jordynn did not feel embarrassed. She confidently retorted, “You should know that better than anyone else. I wouldn’t have gotten in if Dad hadn’t spent all that money,” 
‘Forget it. I should save my breath. Talking to her is giving me a headache,‘ with that thought in mind, Sebastian turned and left. 
“H–Hey, where are you going?! What do you mean by what you said earlier?!” 
Ezequiel grabbed Jordynn’s arm and said, “Sebastian’s trying to tell you that Bonnie is Dr. Fanelli.” 
“Huh? What are you talking about? Can you repeat that?” Jordynn thought she should make an appointment with a doctor to check her ears. 
“It explains why Ivor was so worried about Dr. Fanelll.” Ezequiel marveled at that revelation. Simultaneously, his words also served as a revelation for Jordynn. 
“No wonder Bonnie wanted to use the restroom. I never saw them in the same room either. It also explains everything that happened after she arrived. It turns out Bonnie was Dr. Fanelli all along.” 
“No wonder she had a medical journal in her bag. The remarks and insights in it were profound, too. Does that mean I wasted time trying to win Dr. Fanelli’s heart?” Although disheartened, Jordynn felt somewhat exhilarated. 
Meanwhile, Ezequiel was overjoyed, thinking, ‘Jordynn will have to give up on Dr. Fanelli now.” 
As the couple sat in the car, Bonnie felt uneasy by how Ivor stared at her. She asked, “Are you done? Do 
you think I like being stared at?” 
Ivor lit up and held her hand. “1 had my suspicions for a long time. I just didn’t think it was possible. How 
could someone possess so many talents? Also, you’re profoundly proficient with all your skills, Bonnie, do you have other talents I don’t know about? I’m curious about you!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 351
Chapter 351 
That’s enough, tvor. Keep your eyes on the mad, or you’ll get us killed Bonnie withdrew her hond from 
Ivor’s 
The latter said delightfully, “Don’t worry about it. I have steady hands.” 
“What is that even supposed to mean?” 
Bonnie felt he was insinuating something else, but she did not question him. If she knew him like she thought she did, he would turn it into a dirty joke. 
Soon after, Ivor stopped at a traffic light and stared at Bonnie, asking. “Who do you think is better looking? Ezequiel or me?” 
His question reminded Bonnie of how much she complimented Ezequiel earlier. She even wondered if was getting jealous again. 
“That’s a dumb question ” Bonnie was exasperated. 
Even so, he pushed her for an answer, “Come on, I’m curious about it. Do you think I look more handsome than Ezequiel?” 
Bonnie palmed her head. Her headache worsened as she looked at Ivor, who was staring at her and awalting her answer, “Damn it, Ivor. Have a little more faith in yourself. Ezequiel might be good–looking. but he isn’t as handsome as you are. Are you happy now?” 
Ivor revealed a brilliant smile when he heard that. His smile was so charming that Bonnie’s heart almost 
skipped a beat. 
Two weeks passed, and Bonnie had a peaceful life. Trina did not get in her way on campus, while the Rhodes and the Shepards did not overstep their boundaries 
Bonnie had just finished her lunch when Orpheus called her, “What’s up, Bonwick? Do you remember ho your novel was adapted into a TV drama? I have some exciting news for you. I’ll be the male lead!” 
His words surprised Bonnie. She said, “You’re the lead actor? The hero in my novel is a descendant of an angel and a demon. Heaven and Hell can’t tolerate his existence. Are you sure you can stay true to his 
character? 
“He harbors resentment and wants revenge by wiping out all life in the three realms. However, his conscience won’t let him do something so atrocious. Can you portray such conflicting inner thoughts?” 
“Why do you have such a low opinion of me, Bonwick? What makes you think I can’t pull it off? I’m the best actor, after all.” Orpheus felt slightly offended. 
“I didn’t mean anything bad. None of the characters you played was this complex. There’s also your personality to consider. Also, you aren’t exactly- 
Orpheus interjected, “Hold it right there! Do you honestly think I’m that ill–suited to play your character?” 
Chapte/351 
“Um, well…” After some thought, she said, “Now that I think about it, your looks resemble my initial design 
for the main character.” 
“Do 
Do you even have to consider that, Bonwick? Come on, you’re hurting me. I think I’m bleeding because of your sharp tongue.” Orpheus g***. “The shooting starts in a few days. You’re coming because I want to prove how gifted I am.” 
He 
e was so persistent that Bonnie could not help but agree. She could only clear her schedule and go to 
the film set. 
Three days passed in the blink of an eye. After breakfast, Bonnie went to the filming set. When she reached the entrance, the guard stopped her. The guard noticed how pretty she was and spoke to her politely. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 352
Chapter 352 
“Is there a reason you’re at this filming set, miss? I can’t just let any passerby in.” 
I’m here for Orpheus. We’re buddies. He probably told you about my arrival, right?” 
The guards exchanged glances and looked at Bonnie from head to toe. 
‘Orpheus had an affair with someone recently. In this hor?” 
Bonnie noticed their silence and frowned, saying, “Did he forget to tell you guys I’d be visiting? Give me a minute while I call him.” 
One of the guards said, “That won’t be necessary, miss. Mr. Orpheus told us about you. You’re Ms. Bonnie, right?” 
“Yeah, that’s me.” Bonnie nodded. 
“This way, please.” 
Once she turned a corner, the other guard made a call. “Hello, Ms. Tatiana, Ms. Bonnie has arrived,” 
Tatiana was touching up her makeup when she received the call. Her expression turned cold as she asked indifferently. “Did you guys let her in?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Tatiana. We had no choice since Mr. Orpheus told us to let her in.” 
“Where’s she now?” She asked as she admired her manicured nails. 
“She just came in a minute ago. If you come over now, you might bump into her.” 
“What does she look like? Do you have a picture?” 
“I didn’t have a chance to take her picture. Still, that should be the least of your worries. You’ll notice her as soon as you see her,” the guard said confidently. 
“How are you so sure?” 
The guard patted his chest and replied, “She’s so gorgeous that a sea of men would fall for her. Only a few from the entertainment industry can compare to Ms. Bonnie’s beauty. Also, she has an extraordinarily elegant demeanor. 
“That makes her noticeable even if she blends into a crowd. That’s why I’m sure you’ll notice her 
immediately.” 
Tatiana lost interest in her fingernails, asking. “Is she that pretty? Do you think she’s prettier than me?” 
The guard’s heart leaped into his throat. “That’s not possible, Ms. Tatiana! You’re the gorgeous rising star, after all. You also come from a prestigious family. Your parents and grandparents are outstanding painters. You have a natural artistic aura that Ms. Bonnie can never compare to.” 
Although the guard said that, he inwardly cursed Tatiana. 
Chapter 952 
‘There’s nothing great about a family of prestigious painters. I don’t know how the other Osbornes are, but Tatiana is an unreasonable and unforgiving pig–headed bully. She’s no stranger to using her status in the industry to put people down.” 
Tatiana grunted and kicked her assistant, who was putting on her shoes for her. The former scolded, Why are you so rough?! Are you trying to break my ankles?!” 
The assistant fell backward and covered her chest. Although she was in tremendous pain, she hastily ‘apologized, “I’m sorry, Ms. Tatiana. Please forgive me. I didn’t mean to do that. I’ll be more cautious next 
time.” 
“What are you waiting for? Hurry up and put on my shoes! Why did I hire you if you can’t do such a simple 
task?” 
The assistant was furious, thinking, ‘You’re being uncooperative by not lifting your damn leg. If you did, the shoes would’ve slipped right in.” 
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Tatiana squinted at her assistant, questioning, “Do you have something to say?” 
“I would never!” 
“Of course not! Don’t forget that you’re no longer a Church family member. Your dad and his mistress have kicked you and your mom out of the house. Your mom even has a condition, and you need a large amount of money for her treatment. 
“I pity you, Nancy. You helped me a lot before you got kicked out of your family. You supported me and gave me what I have today. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have pitied you and given you such a well–paying job as my assistant. You should be thankful to me. If I fire you, the hospital might stop your mom’s treatment.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 353
Chapter 353 
Nancy felt beaten when she heard Tatiana’s words. The former lowered her head and did her job, putting on Tatiana’s shoes for her. 
At that moment, Nancy resembled an obedient dog, pleasing Tatiana so much that she lifted her chin. The latter was once an insignificant actress. However, she buttered Nancy up to gain more resources. 
Ultimately, Tatiana became successful and intended to show Nancy how it felt to be inferior. 
“Your shoes are on now,” Nancy said as she kept her head down. 
“Okay, let’s go. You’re coming with me to see just how pretty Bonnie is. I won’t let her s*** Orpheus. He’s mine!” Tatiana growled. 
Bonnie was walking around the film set when Tatiana stopped her. 
“Is there something I can help you with?” Bonnie could sense Tatiana was not there to make friends. After all, the latter looked at Bonnie disdainfully as if the latter were an insignificant pest. 
“Are 
you Bonnie?” Tatiana asked as she looked at the young lady from top to bottom. The former’s menacing expression became increasingly apparent. 
It seemed the guard did not exaggerate Bonnie’s looks. She was so breathtakingly beautiful that Tatiana felt jealous. 
“Do we know each other?” Bonnie frowned, her dislike for Tatiana growing. 
“Hmph, it’s hard not to know you, Bonnie! You made huge messes several weeks ago. Not only did your family disown you, but you were also intimate with Orpheus and a male p*** at a bar.” 
Bonnie coldly responded, “What’s your beef with me?” 
Tatiana stepped forward to intimidate Bonnie. However, the former immediately realized how much shorter she was than Bonnie and felt awkward. 
Tatiana said, “I’m Orpheus’s girlfriend, so you’d be wise to keep your distance from him. Otherwise, I’ll show you what regret means.” 
Bonnie raised her brow and smirked. “He doesn’t have a girlfriend, and you don’t deserve to be his. What’s your name? When I see him later, I’ll tell him to avoid repulsive women like you. Otherwise, he’ll regret it big time.” 
“I dare you to repeat that!” Tatiana pointed at Bonnie. 
‘I told this b*** to keep her distance from Orpheus, yet she’s threatening to tell him to avoid me!‘ 
Suddenly, Bonnie grabbed Tatiana’s finger, causing the latter to scream in pain, “Ow, that hurts! Let me go 
now!” 
“I’ll do it if you apologize to me.” Bonnie would not allow anyone to insult her and get away with it. 
Chapter 53 
“Why should I apologize?! All of Arvandor knows you s*** Orpheus and slept with a male p***- 
Bonnie tightened her grip on Tatiana’s finger. 
“Gah! You’re about to break my finger, you b***! Let go of me right now!” Tatiana screamed in pain as she grimaced. 
agonizing 
The onlookers were shocked. They did not expect the fragile–looking young lady to be so ruthless and 
strong. 
“Ow, ow, ow!” The pain was so unbearable that Tatiana screamed even louder, “You damn w***! Let me 
-Ahh!” 
Bonnie continued to tighten her grip while Tatiana began to sweat. Meanwhile, the crowd of onlookers grew. Even Orpheus heard the commotion and ran over. “Bonwick, what happened?!” 
Before Bonnie could answer, Tatiana yelled, “Help me, Orpheus! This awful woman is trying to break my 
finger!” 
“I’m talking to Bonwick, not you!” Orpheus said, exasperated. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 354
Chapte 354 
Chapter 354 
Tatiana gasped, her mouth ngape. Then, Orpheus looked at Bonnie again, asking, “What’s wrong? Did she 
piss you off?” 
Tatiana’s eyes widened as Orpheus added, “Bonwick, you didn’t have to deal with her yourself. You should’ve called me to do it for you. You don’t need to get your hands dirty.” 
Tatiana was speechless. 
Bonnie looked at Orpheus coldly, saying, “She insulted me.” 
“What?! How dare she insult you!” Orpheus rolled up his sleeves, looking like he was about to smack 
Tatiana to teach her a lesson. 
The film director and producer were shocked. They ran over to stop him. “Calm down, Orpheus! Tatiana is 
inexperienced and naive. You don’t need to get mad at her.” 
“He’s right. If others find out you hit someone on the set, the media will slander you, regardless if you have a good reason for your actions. They might even say you’re using your status to hit someone. That’ll 
affect your reputation and this entire production.” 
However, no one could change Orpheus’s mind. He was furious, saying, “I’ve always treated Bonwick with 
adoration and respect. Tatiana is disrespecting me by insulting Bonwick!” 
Although angry and bitter, Tatiana feared Orpheus would smack her for real. 
Meanwhile, the director and producer held Orpheus back with everything they had as the onlookers 
recorded everything with their phones. The whole filming set was in disarray. A moment later, Bonnie 
said, “Stop, Orpheus.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
Everyone present was astounded. After all, they knew no one could change Orpheus’s mind once he decided something. They never expected to see him treat Bonnie’s seemingly casual words so seriously. 
Tatiana was already jealous of Bonnie. Now, the former even felt resentful. 
Nancy held Tatiana and asked, “Is everything okay, Ms. Tatiana?” 
“What kind of question is that?! Can’t you see the state I’m in now? Why would you ask me that? You must 
be delighted to see me so miserable!” 
“Th–that’s not it. I didn’t mean it that way.” 
Suddenly, Tatiana shoved Nandry aside, causing the latter to stagger backward and crash into a vending machine. Tatiana watched as her assistant trip. 
Nancy was about to crash into the machine. She would have gotten severely injured if she did not die from the accident. However, Bonnie caught Nancy and asked, “Are you okay?” 
Nancy y was on the brink of tears after almost encountering a terrible accident. She looked at Bonnie 
Chapter 354 
gratefully, saying, “Thanks. I owe you one.” 
“It’s no trouble at all.” 
Initially, Tatiana was concerned about accidentally killing her assistant. However, she was furious when she saw Bonnie and Nancy getting along. 
“Nancy! You’re an ungrateful pest! I gave you a job when your dad disowned you! How dare you get along rival! Oh, I see what’s happening here. You two got disowned by your families. That must be why you relate to each other so well.” 
with my 
Bonnie looked at Nancy when she heard that. 
“That’s not what’s happening. Tatiana. I’m just-” 
Tatiana suddenly screamed bloody murder and interrupted Nancy. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 355
Chapter 355 
“How dare you address me so casually! You’re just a commoner, Nancy!” 
Nancy pursed her lips and suppressed her emotions. However, Bonnie could no longer stand Tatiana’s pretentious behavior. “Commoner? So what if you’re an actress? Are you trying to say celebrities don’t have to respect others? 
“Your parents gave you a name, so there’s nothing wrong with your assistant addressing you as such. You must be that arrogant for not allowing others to say your name.” 
Tatiana retorted, This doesn’t concern you! You can’t boss me around just because Orpheus has your back!” 
Bonnie was about to say something, but Nancy hastily stopped, saying, “Thank you, Ms. Bonnie. I’m fine.” 
Since Nancy was okay with it, Bonnie could do nothing for her. After all, the latter disliked poking her nose in other people’s business. However, she noticed Tatiana saying something about Nancy sharing a similar fate. That was why Bonnie instinctively supported Nancy. 
When Bonnie and Orpheus left, the former asked, “Who’s Nancy, and what’s her background?” 
“I knew she’d pique your interest.” Orpheus knew Bonnie pretty well, Hence, he was willing to tell her everything he knew, “Have you heard about the Church family?” 
“Do you mean the ones who own that huge esports business?” Bonnie guessed, How Orpheus spoke about the Church family showed Bonnie how potentially prominent and powerful they were. 
“That’s right. The head of the family, Larry Church, had a mistress who gave birth to his child before he 
married Nancy’s mother. Later, Nancy’s mom had a car accident and was admitted to a hospital. 
“A few days later, Larry took in his mistress and the kid before announcing to the public that Nancy had 
beat up her stepmother and stepsister. He then disowned Nancy and her mom. 
Bonnie rubbed her chin and said thoughtfully, “Although I met Nancy once, I don’t think she’s that 
ruthless.” 
Orpheus shrugged helplessly, saying. “Do you think a wealthy family like that has a shortage of unpleasant things happening behind closed doors? Who knows the truth? Take you, for example. Outsiders claim you’re a good–for–nothing who doesn’t respect her parents 
“However, you’re multi–talented and fiercely loyal to your loved ones. I’ll wait until this TV drama gets 
traction before announcing on my Twitter account that you’re the novel’s author. The Shepards will regret disowning you big time.” 
Bonnie said firmly. “That’s not a good idea. It’ll bring me trouble instead. I’m enjoying my peace right now. I can assure you the Shepards won’t regret disowning me.” 
“Are you sure? Why wouldn’t they regret it? Your identity as the renowned Jane Austin is baffling enough. You’ve written many popular novels under that pen name, not to mention your other identities and 
achievements! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 356
Chapter355 
“You just prefer to keep a low profile, that’s all. If you had attended any award events, you could have been more popular than I am.” 
“Drop it, Orpheus. I meant it when I said they wouldn’t regret it. They might even hate me more for keeping it from them. That’s the best–case scenario. The last thing I want is for them to beg me to use my skills to make money for them.” 
Orpheus reddened with anger when he heard that. “Fine, I’ll keep my mouth shut! You shouldn’t return to them, either, Bonwick. You’re living the life now that you’re away from them.” 
At that moment, he thought about Ivor’s menacing expression. Orpheus added, “Uh, yeah. Although you’re indeed living the life, it’s a tad lonely. Ivor is an excellent husband, Bonwick. I must say, you two are perfect for each other.” 
“Hehehe…” Bonnie giggled. 
Tatiana spiked a bottled beverage and handed it to Nancy, saying, “Give this to Bonnie and tell her I’m willing to make amends and befriend her.” 
“I can’t do that. I know you’re mad at Bonnie because you think she has a crush on Orpheus. Still, he 
clarified the whole thing on the internet. Bonnie is his nephew’s girlfriend or something. The truth is far from what you imagine.” 
“You’re so naive and stupid, Nancy! No wonder your father’s mistress and her daughter got you kicked out of the family! Are you going to believe everything Orpheus says? It’s apparent he did it to defend that 
b***!” 
Nancy highly disagreed with Tatiana, questioning. “Why would Orpheus do something like that?” 
Chapter 355 
“Bonnie must’ve put a spell on Orpheus for him to do that. The same thing happened to your dad. He raised you for more than twenty years and then disowned you. His mistress and her daughter must’ve also put a spell on him.” 
Nancy did not know how to respond to that. 
Tatiana shoved the bottle into Nancy’s hands and said, “Ugh, enough wasting time. Hurry up and give this 
drink to Bonnie!” 
Nancy held the bottle, feeling like Tatiana had just handed her a bomb. Suddenly, the former let it go, and it fell to the ground. “N–No, I can’t do something like this. I just can’t!” 
Tatiana threatened, “You might as well quit if you refuse to do it. Your mom won’t live any longer without money to continue her treatment. Then, you’ll only have yourself to blame for her death.” 
Tears rolled down Nancy’s cheeks. She bit her lip and picked up the bottle before leaving to pass it to 
Bonnie. 
“Ms. Tatiana wanted me to give you this beverage as a peace offering. Ms. Bonnie. She wants to befriend 
you.” 
The director and producer were relieved to hear that. One said, “It’s better to make friends than enemies, Ms. Bonnie. Let’s forgive and forget, shall we?” 
The other added, “That’s right. You two don’t know each other well, after all. There’s no need for things to 
remain so awkward.” 
Bonnie was not one to hold grudges. Hence, she nodded and motioned to grab the bottle. Suddenly, Nancy hesitated and withdrew her hand slightly. 
“Ahem!” Tatiana cleared her throat, causing Nancy to shut her eyes and loosen her grip. 
Bonnie looked at Nancy, who was acting strange and lowering her head. The former opened the bottle cap and sniffed it. Her expression grew grim, and she observed Nancy. The latter looked conflicted at 
that moment 
After some silence, Bonnie motioned to drink the beverage. 
Suddenly, Nancy smacked the bottle from Bonnie’s hands and exclaimed, “No! Don’t drink it!” 
“What’s going on here? Orpheus was puzzled as he looked at 
Nancy. 
“1–‘m sorry! 1-” Nancy choked up and slumped before Bonnie. 
“What on earth is happening here?” Everyone present was bewildered. 
The next moment, Bonnie sald dryly, “Someone spiked the drink.” 
Nancy’s eyes widened as she looked up at Bonnie. 
Tatiana also looked at Bonnie immediately. Although everyone regarded the latter strangely, she said, ” have some medical knowledge and can tell someone spiked the drink. I also know that it’s some sort of 
aphrodisiac” 
Everyone was shocked. If that were true, then whoever spiked the beverage would be despicable. After 
all, it could lead Bonnie to do unspeakable things and ruin her life. 
Tatiana marched over and screamed at Nancy, “I never expected you to be so cruel! What did Bonnie do to offend you? I can’t believe you spiked her drink with an aphrodisiac, no less!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 357
Chapter 357 
“Wh–what?! No, it wasn’t me!” Nancy paled in terror. 
“How dare you deny it. Everyone saw you handing Bonnie the drink. You can’t talk yourself out of this mess!” Tatiana roared. 
Nancy began to cry, feeling sorry for herself. “You can’t be this unreasonable, Tatiana. You told me to give Ms. Bonnie this drink. You can’t just ” 
“Although I told you to give her the drink, it was fine when I gave it to you. You must’ve spiked it after taking it from me!” 
“How can you accuse me like that? I–I knew I shouldn’t have helped you, but I need the money for my mom’s treatment. She’ll be heartbroken if she finds out what I did. She’d much rather give up on her treatment than allow me to do something so outrageous.” 
Nancy cried her eyes out as she swept her gaze across the place. She bit her lip and added, “Tatiana 
ordered me to do it because she loves Orpheus. She’s jealous of Bonnie and wants to ruin her.” 
“Damn you, Nancy! I can’t believe you’re trying to accuse me!” Tatiana motioned to slap her assistant. 
However, Bonnie hastened over and grabbed Tatiana’s wrist. 
The latter roared, “What do you think you’re doing?!” 
Bonnie stared at Tatiana and said indifferently, “I won’t allow you to hit her.” 
“Who the f*** do you think you are?! She’s my assistant, and there’s nothing wrong with me teaching her 
a lesson!” 
Bonnie’s expression grew grim. “According to Arvandor’s law, you can’t do that. Not unless you travel through time and live during the age of slavery. Back then, you could even kill your slave if you wanted to. 
“However, your assistant isn’t your slave. On the contrary, you should respect her because she’s working 
for you. Do you honestly think being wealthy means you’re better than everyone else? You can’t attack 
people just because you want to.” 
Most of the onlookers resonated with Bonnie’s words. 
‘She’s right! We must treat everyone as equals, but the wealthy always think they’re better than everyone. 
else!” 
The wealthy have never shown us respect! They yell at us as if we have no feelings! They don’t shy away from cursing at us and our families! Still, we can do nothing about it because we need to put food on the table. We can only bear with it for our families‘ sake.” 
Everyone looked at Bonnie, no longer regarding her as a good–for–nothing like the rumors suggested. Soon after, the crowd began to point at Tatiana and murmur about her abusing her status and mistreating her assistant. 
As far as Tatiana was concerned, it was all Bonnie’s doing. The former would not have become the 
onlooker’s enemy if Bonnie had not spoken up 
Nancy glanced at Bonnie gratefully but also felt a pang of guilt. 
“Bonnie’s such a nice person. I can’t believe I almost became an accomplice in ruining her life” 
Tm sorry. Bonnie You have to believe I’m innocent.” 
Bonnie podded solemnly saving. 1 believe you. 
Nancy was stunned as her eyes widened in surprise 
She believes me? 
Although it was a beef response, it stirred something in Nancy’s heart. On the other hand, it pissed 
Tatiana off. She questioned. “What do you mean by that, Bonnie? Are you trying to say I’m the culprit? Are you seriously accusing me of spiking your drink? 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 358
Chapter 358 
Do you intend to tell me you didn’t do er Bonnie was almost sure Tatiana was the one who spiked the 
“Stop accusing me if you don’t have proof! Why would a famous person like myself do something like that if I did, and word got out, it’d ruin my reputation. I wouldn’t undermine myself just to take you out. Do you think I’m that foolisher 
intially, everyone suspected Tatiana. However, they could see her point 
Really now? Bonnie squinted. Are you saying you were unaware that Nancy had given me a spiked 
Txactly! I had nothing to do with it! Tatiana said matter of factly 
Didn’t you touch the bottle and pike the drink? Do you dare to swear you didn’t do it?” 
“Why wouldn’t 12 r’d swear it since I have a clear conscience Tatiana raised her hand and said, “I swear! 
I?r’d 
had nothing to do with the spiked drink. If I lie, God will crush my reputation, and I can never return to the entertainment industry 
Everyone began to mutter amongst themselves again, 
Tatiana sounds innocent now. Nobody would curse themselves like that 
Now that I think about it you have a point. Tatiana might love Orpheus, but she’s a big name in the entertainment industry. She’s also smart. She’d never do something to jeopardize her career over a 
nobody” 
If that’s the case, does that mean Nancy did it? If she did, what would be her motive?” 
Everyone turned to look at Nancy as she slumped to the ground, ashen. She thought there was nothing 
she could do to clear her name. 
Tatiana’s a massive celebrity, and she made such a solemn oath. No one will doubt her now. Meanwhile, I’m just a nobody who got disowned by my family. Who’d believe anything I say? 
As Nancy wallowed in despair, Bonnie picked up the bottled beverage and looked at Orpheus. “Get me a 
clean plastic bag” 
“Sure thing, Bonwick! Hey, prop guy. We need a clean plastic bag” 
Bonnie put the bottled beverage into the bag and passed it to Orpheus, saying, “Have someone identify 
the fingerprints. Of course, Nancy’s and my fingerprints will be on it. Let’s see if there’s a third set of 
prints” 
Tatiana’s heart leaped into her throat as she looked at the bottle with terror. 
Bonnie looked at her and said, “You said you had nothing to do with it, right? That should mean you never 
even touched the bottle. I wonder what you’ll tell us if we find your fingerprints on the bottle 
Tatiana gulped as she turned pale. “Well, perhaps I did touch it. M Maybe Nancy set me up by making me touch it? Abal I remember Nancy handing me the drink! Although I took it, I didn’t drink it.” 
Ronnie sneered at Tatiana, spooking her and giving her a bad feeling about everything that had happened. 
“Don’t you realize you’re contradicting yourself? You said you didn’t touch the bottle, but now you’re changing the story and saying you touched it.” 
It just slipped my mind! It’s only natural to forget certain things. If I go against my oath, it’ll ruin my reputation, and I’ll have to leave the entertainment industry!” 
Bonnie’s patience wore thin as she said, “I shouldn’t have wasted my breath with someone as shameless an you. I won’t wait for karma to come for you since it’d take too long. Instead, I’ll punish you right now. You’ll no longer act as the female lead of this TV drama. 
“Hahaha!” Tatiana burst out laughing. “Who the hell do you think you are? Why should I give up that role just because you said so?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 359
Chapter 359 
Bonnie remained firm, saying. “You’ll do as I say because I’m the novel’s author.” 
What?! She’s Jane Austin? That’s not possible! 
Everyone, including the director and producer, was shocked. 
“D–Did you just say you’re the original author? Jane Austin is nothing but spectacular. She’s also one of the wealthiest authors in the industry. Are you sure you’re her?” Tatiana refused to believe it. 
Suddenly, Orpheus interjected, 1 can prove she’s Jane Austin.” 
“Orpheus, why would you lie for her?!” Tatiana roared, displeased. 
Orpheus raised his hand and said solemnly, 17 swear to the Heavens that I’ll leave the entertainment 
industry if I’m lying.” 
His oath held more weight than Tatiana’s. After all, he had maintained an exceptional reputation in the industry. Moreover, he was upright and had never had an affair or tainted history. Orpheus was a perfect 
actor and singer. 
Now, everyone firmly believed Bonnie was Jane Austin. 
“Oh my gosh! I’m a huge fan of Jane Austin! I’ve read all her novels from cover to cover and even read some of them three to four times!” 
1 never thought she’d look so young and pretty. Jane Austin’s writings are even comparable to Emily Bronte’s. The main female character in this novel is multi–talented. Jane Austin has written many poems, too. I’m starstruck right now!” 
“Wait a minute. I thought the Shepards disowned Bonnie because she’s a country bumpkin. They also hate her for being a good–for–nothing. I don’t get how they can call her that. If she’s useless, what does that make us? Are we worse than trash?” 
“So, you’re saying the Shepards will regret disowning Bonnie when they learn she’s actually Jane Austin?” “Huh? I thought they cut ties with her some time ago. Ah, it’s pointless to talk about them. They have nothing to do with Jane anyway. She shouldn’t care whether or not the Shepards regret it.” 
“I guess you have a point.” 
As the crowd chattered, Tatiana gulped and pointed at Bonnie. Then, the former yelled, “So what if you’re Jane Austin?! You’re just a tiny novelist. You don’t have the right to fire me from the female lead role!” 
latter did not have what it took to offend Bonnie raised her brows and stared at Tatiana, hinting that the her. Bonnie said, “Not only will I fire you from assuming the lead role of my novel, but I will also ban you from the entertainment industry. Mark my words. I will destroy your reputation.” 
“You’re a nobody!” Tatiana roared even louder, “Do you know who invested in this TV drama ?! It’s none other than Sheffyn Entertainment. They’re the top entertainment company in Pyralis, and I’m one of their celebrities 
2/2 
“Sheffyn Entertainment, huh?” 
“What are the chances?‘ Bonnie thought. 
“Don’t you know them? Wow, you really are a country bumpkin who knows nothing. I can’t believe you’re not familiar with Sheffyn Entertainment. 
“Here. I’il do you a favor by telling you about them. The Sheffyns own Sheffyn Entertainment. 
They’re опе 
of the wealthiest and most influential families in the city. Although the Blackburn family is the richest and commands most powers in Pyralis, the Sheffyns are a close second,” 
She was amidst her speech when someone shouted, “Mr. Xavier is here!” 
“Perfect timing!” Tatiana exclaimed joyfully. “Mr. Xavier, this b*** said she’d ban me from the 
entertainment industry! Since I’m one of your celebrities, you have to help me.” 
Immediately after, she glared at Bonnie tauntingly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 360
Chapter 360 
“Although a great author like Jane might be able to pull some strings, she’s nothing before the big investor. She stands no chance against the Sheffyns,‘ Tatiana thought. 
Suddenly. Xavier slapped her so hard that her face swelled almost instantly. 
Tatiana cupped her cheek and looked at Xavier in disbelief. 
“How dare you insult Bonniel Xavier was onraged. After getting on Bonnie’s wrong side from the street racing incident, he had to work his a*** off to redeem himself. Additionally, one of his company’s hired celebrities was foolish enough to offend Bonnie, 
“Since you’ve offended Bonnie, I’ll do as she said and ban you from the entertainment industry. 
“W–Wait, no!” Tatiana shook her head in shock. 
Xavier turned to the guards behind him and barked, “What are you waiting for?! Drag her out of the film set immediately!” 
“Right away, Mr. Xavier.” 
The guards approached and grabbed Tatiana by both her arms before dragging her out. She kicked and screamed, “No! Mr. Xavier, you can’t ban me from the industry!” 
As her voice grew distant, Xavier turned to Bonnie and said, “I apologize for that. It seems one of my foolish celebrities has troubled you.” 
“A celebrity like her just gives the whole industry a bad name. It’s a good thing we banned her from the industry,” Bonnie said indifferently. 
“You’re right. Don’t worry about Tatiana. I won’t let her find her way back into the industry.” 
Bonnie told Xavier and the director, “That reminds me. There might be some issues with the novel’s adaptation.” 
The director respectfully said, “Please tell us your thoughts and opinions, Ms. Bonnie, We’ll work it out with the screenwriter.” 
Bonnie took the script he held and said, “You removed one of the characters from the novel. Although she might seem like an insignificant character, she’ll advance the plot and become an integral part of its 
c***. 
“If she’s not on the TV adaptation, it’ll create a plot hole. Besides that, the lines you revised don’t reflect the male lead’s character. You’ll ruin his whole arc…” 
“Oh, so that’s how it is. That explains why it felt weird to me when I got the script. Please, carry on, Ms. Bonnie. I must know if anything else contradicts the novel.” The director spoke to her like a student asking for a teacher’s pointers. 
Xavier was shocked as he asked Orpheus, “I know the director very well. He’s as stubborn as a mule and won’t let me interfere even if I want to. I’m not exaggerating when I say he won’t compromise his work, 
even if someone held a knife to his neck. I wonder why he’s so obedient toward Bonnie.” 
Orpheus proudly said, “Of course he is! After all, Bonnie is the author of the novel that inspired this TV drama. Why wouldn’t the director listen to her?” 
Xavier was puzzled. “A–Are you saying Bonnie is Jane Austin?!” 
“In the flesh! Not many can hope to compare to Bonwick.” Orpheus lifted his chin proudly. 
Although Xavier might have been at the top of the food chain and had experienced many things, it did not mean he was not shocked by this revelation. Not only was he astounded that Bonnie was Jane Austin, but she was also the nation’s leading researcher. 
Xavier had met many highly talented people, but most were exceptional at only one thing. On the other hand, Bonnie found time to be the best street racer and novellst. 
“Jeez, I can’t believe Bonnie has yet another identity. Does she have more identities than I know of?” 
Meanwhile, Orpheus swelled with pride when he saw how surprised Xavier was. The former said, “That’s right! Bonwick is no ordinary woman. I can tell you another secret, but you can’t tell anyone about it.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 361
Chapter 361 
1/2 
“What’s the secret?” 
“Do you know who wrote my hit songs and created the melody?” 
“The composer and lyricists of all your songs kept their names anonymous. Are you going to tell me…” Suddenly, it hit him. Xavier’s eyes widened. 
Orpheus had won many Best Actor and Best Singer awards. His latter achievement was primarily due to well–written songs. Many artists in the industry begged Orpheus to let his composer and lyricist write a few songs for them, but none succeeded in convincing him. 
The last thing Xavier expected was Bonnie to be the elusive composer and lyricist. 
“There’s more,” Orpheus added. 
“Th–there’s more?!” Xavier stammered. 
“Hehehe! The head of the Jade Horizon Hotel was Bonwick’s apprentice. Oh, you have no idea how delicious Bonwick’s cooking is. Damn, my mouth is watering now. I’ll have to ask her to make me dinner at her place tonight.” Orpheus gulped as he spoke. 
Xavier also gulped, but not for the same reason Orpheus did. The former was shocked that Bonnie had so many different identities and was the best in every field. 
‘Is she even human?‘ Xavier looked at Bonnie in awe, thinking, “Thank goodness I changed my mind in time and bought her that billion–dollar ginseng. Otherwise, she would’ve dragged my family into oblivion with her inhuman skills.‘ 
After listening to Bonnie’s suggestions, the director showed newfound respect for her. Simultaneously, he felt so confident that he knew his television adaptation of her novel would be a massive hit. 
“Ah, damn it!” The director suddenly smacked his head. 
“What’s wrong? Are you stressed because you missed a part? It’s okay, I can explain it again.” Bonnie looked at the director in puzzlement. 
“That’s not what I’m worried about, Ms. Bonnie. We just lost our female lead!” 
Since Tatiana had offended Bonnie, Xavier supported the latter and fired Tatiana. Moreover, Tatiana could never return to the industry. 
“Just pick a new actress,” Bonni said casually, “Tatiana didn’t look the part anyway.” 
Chapter Sal 
The director could not help but agree, “She might’ve enjoyed misusing her status and had a Hasty character, but her acting skills were immaculate. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have chosen her as the female lead. 
“You should choose someone with better looks,” Bonnie suggested. 
The director looked at her admiringly and asked, “Do you have an acting bug, Ms. Bonnie? You have killer looks, after all. I’m confident the drama will be a massive hit if you take the female lead role!” 
Bonnie was shocked, “I have no talent in acting, and I’m not interested in it. Maybe you should look for someone better suited for the role.” 
The director was disappointed about her response. He looked at her otherworldly beauty and could picture how she would look in a historical dress. 
‘It’d be breathtaking! What a shame!‘ 
Bonnie made another suggestion, “How about you open castings?” 
“I don’t see another way around it, Ms. Bonnie. That reminds me. We have an opening for the role of a minor character. Do you think you can do it?” The director stared at Bonnie. 
She thought, ‘I’ve never tried acting. I’m not into it, nor do I have the time. I need to focus on my work in the research institute, not to mention attending college.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 362
Chapter 362 
“If it’s a minor role, I’ll try it.” 
“Which minor character are you referencing?” 
“Freya,” the director replied. 
“Oh, wow!” Orpheus exclaimed delightfully, “You’ll be playing my ex–wife, Bonwick!” 
Although Bonnie finished writing this novel several years ago, she remembered Freya as the male lead’s ex–wife who died while shielding him from deadly arrows. Since Bonnie would not have much screen time, she could probably take a day to finish shooting her parts. 
“All right, I’ll give it a go.” 
Xavier did not know what to feel. At that moment, he could be the only person who knew 
that Bonnie was Ms. Bonita. 
“If Bonnie’s real identity leaks, the TV drama will be a sensation when it comes out. The other dramas” ratings will take a plunge then.‘ 
Nancy was teary–eyed as she approached Bonnie and apologized, “I’m sorry for everything that happened just now. I–I didn’t even know-” 
“You didn’t spike the drink, so you have nothing to apologize for.” Bonnie held the bowing 
Nancy up. 
“Still, I was an accomplice. I shouldn’t have succumbed to Tatiana when she threatened to fire me. My mom will be so mad when she finds out I sold my soul for money. I don’t think I can forgive myself.” Nancy wiped her tears. 
‘I’ll never do anything like that again.‘ 
Bonnie looked at her calmly and said, “Now that Tatiana is no longer a part of the industry, the female lead role is wide open. How about you give it a shot?” 
“Huh?” Nancy was utterly stunned. 
“Orpheus told me you and Tatiana graduated from Pyralis Film Academy. Also, you’re as good–looking as Tatiana, if not prettier. 
Nancy palmed her cheek and said shyly, “Are you sure I can? Although I graduated from Pyralis Film Academy, I’ve never acted in a TV drama. I’m worried I’ll-” 
“You need money to keep your mom’s treatment going, right? Based on your current 
Chapter 362 
situation, you need an actress’s salary to take some of the weight off your shoulders.” Bonnie continued to convince Nancy, 
The latter was starting to see things Bonnie’s way. 
2/2 
Bonnie added, “I admire you for doing everything you can for your mom. You love her so much that you worked for Tatiana and subjected yourself to humiliation. Also, you. originally came from a wealthy family, correct? 
“I can imagine how much working for Tatiana has hurt your dignity. If you could do that, you shouldn’t shy away from taking the female lead role.” 
Nancy looked into Bonnie’s unwavering eyes and remembered their shared background and history. The former suddenly understood why Bonnie genuinely wanted to help her even though they barely knew each other. 
Nancy felt a lump in her throat as she said, “Th–thank you, Ms. Bonnie.” 
Orpheus whispered, “Bonwick, are you helping her because you share a similar history?” 
“I guess you can say that,” Bonnie admitted. 
Orpheus looked at Nancy and clicked his tongue before saying, “She’s quite pretty. Still, she’s too frail and defenseless for the role. I doubt she can portray the female lead’s hardiness and decisiveness.‘ 
His words did not faze Bonnie. She said, “You have it all wrong. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Here, I’ll give you a scenario. Can you keep yourself together and say nothing if your buddy turns on you and makes you his b***? What would you do if he began to beat and threaten you?” 
“Hell no! I’d die from keeping my frustrations to myself!” Orpheus grew triggered at the thought of it. 
“There’s your answer. I believe Nancy can pull it off. Do you still think she’s frail and defenseless?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 363
Chapter 363 
“But that doesn’t necessarily mean she’s tough, right? Maybe she just wasn’t bold enough. to fight back.” 
Bonnie raised a brow and said, “Just give Nancy a chance. You’ll find out just what she made of. She’ll prove she has what it takes to assume the female lead role and become your character’s partner.” 
Orpheus could only shrug and say, “I guess I just can’t see it yet. 
“All right, that wraps it up! I want chicken pot pie and tuna casserole for tonight’s dinner.” 
That night, Bonnie and Orpheus went to Lenfield Resort together. The latter said, “This is my first time visiting your place. This place lives up to its name. It’s nothing to laugh about, not even in comparison to the Knights‘ house. 
“Your villa is the best around, Bonnie. You have the best view, too.” Orpheus looked around the place, wide–eyed. 
He was still admiring the place when Bonnie grew slightly annoyed, saying, “Are you going to keep ogling over the place? Maybe we should forget about dinner if that’s what it takes to please you.” 
“Hey, don’t do that! It’s been a long time since I tasted your cooking. You have no idea how often I’ve stopped myself from drooling today. I couldn’t stop thinking about your cooking 
even while we were on the set.” 
“Attaboy!” Bonnie nodded. 
“Come one, let’s go inside. I’ll be your sous chef. 
Bonnie said smilingly, “Sure, that sounds good. 
When she finished mushroom soup, Orpheus said, “Let me take that to the dining table.” 
“Are you sure? It’s still scorching,” Bonnie cautioned. 
“Bonwick, are you worried about me?” 
“I’m just worried you’ll spill my soup. 
Suddenly, Orpheus exclaimed, “Ouch! That’s hot!” 
Clang! 
When the pot fell, some scalding soup spilled onto Orpheus’s shirt. 
Chapter 363 
2/2 
“Quick, remove your shirt!” Bonnie yelled before running over to help. 
At that moment, a spine–chilling voice echoed, “What are you two doing?” 
The duo stopped as Ivor approached. He looked so angry that he could punch even Orpheus, his uncle. Orpheus’s eyes widened, and he struggled to find his voice. Soon after, Orpheus stammered, “1–Ivor, don’t do anything rash! You’re misunderstanding the whole thing! 
However, his words did not work. Ivor was already close, and Orpheus could see his nephew’s fists. “Come on, Ivor! I’m your uncle. Are you seriously going to punch me again? Fine, don’t say I didn’t warn you! I’ll tell your father if you hit me again!” 
Bonnie stood before Orpheus and shielded him. 
Ivor’s expression turned grim as he asked, “Are you protecting him?” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched despite herself. She asked, “What’s that supposed to mean? Orpheus wasn’t trying to do anything to me.” 
“I saw you removing his shirt, Bonnie. You’re the one making a move on him. I have pride as a man and won’t let him off so quickly. I don’t care if Orpheus is my uncle!” Ivor said through gritted teeth. 
Orpheus retorted, “Are you serious? Then, why would you want to punch me if she’s removing my shirt?” 
“Shut up!” Bonnie and Ivor barked simultaneously. 
Orpheus was astounded, thinking, ‘I’m the older one here, but they treat me like I’m their child! I deserve more respect, damn it.‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 364
Chapter 364 
Houmte looked away from Orpheus and gazed into Ivor’s eyes, saying, “Please control yourself and not get jealous. Stop jumping to conclusions. Although you’re a good man, my patience has limits, and I can no longer stand your jealousy,” 
Her minor compliment lifted Ivor’s spirits significantly. He said, “I don’t think you can blame me for that, Bonnte. Wouldn’t you be mad if ladies are constantly around me?” 
“Why would I get mad? That just means you’re handsome and charming. Also, you don’t sleep around,” Bonnie squinted at him and added, “It’s unlike you to suspect me for no reason.” 
After some thought, Ivor looked at Bonnie and Orpheus several times. Soon after, he saw the spillage on Orpheus’s clothes and the mess on the floor. Being the sharp–witted guy he was, Ivor put the puzzle together and realized what had happened. 
“I’m sorry, Bonnie!” Ivor held his fiancee’s shoulders and looked at her intently. “I shouldn’t have suspected you of cheating on me. I promise I won’t let jealousy get the better of me again.” 
Orpheus’s lips twitched as he asked, “Do you even believe what you just said?” 
Ivor turned and glared at his uncle, silently promising to deal with him if he did not shut up. Orpheus felt a shiver down his spine. He glanced at the spilled mushroom soup and said, ” I’ll clean up this mess. Damn it, there’s goes my soup.” 
Orpheus picked up a mushroom slice as he spoke. 
Bonnie noticed it and asked, “Are you seriously going to eat that?” 
“Uh, come on, Bonwick. Give me some credit, will you? Hygiene is my middle name.” Although he said that, he felt the urge to eat the mushroom. 
Half an hour later, the dishes were served on the dining table. Orpheus gobbled almost everything. He was still enjoying himself when Ivor asked him to leave, “It’s getting late, Orpheus. You should finish your dinner and go home. 
“It’s almost midnight, and I’m sure you’re tired from work. You should leave now and get 
some rest. 
Orpheus smiled bitterly, saying, “Gee, thanks for the concern.” 
Meanwhile, Ivor scooped a spoonful of tuna casserole and put it on Bonnie’s plate. “Here, have some more.” 
Chapter 364 
212 
Orpheus lost his appetite at that moment. He Intended to get back at his nephew by telling him about Bonnie’s guest appearance as his ex–wife in the television drama, “Hey, I have something interesting to tell you, Ivor. Honwick visited the film set just now, and the director offered her 
Bonnie suddenly kicked Orpheus’s shin. 
“Ouch! Th–that hurt!” He even hopped up from his chair. 
Bonnie shrugged at him as if telling him he had it coming. 
‘He must’ve forgotten about the earlier mess. Ivar 
got jealous and almost punched him. How did it slip his mind already? If Ivor finds out I’m acting as Orpheus’s ex–wife, he might do something worse than punch his uncle.‘ 
Orpheus looked at Bonnie and understood her gaze. 
‘She’s right. I almost f*** up.’ 
Ivor squinted at the duo before looking at his uncle and asking, “What did the director offer Bonnie?” 
Orpheus cleared his throat, adjusted his seat, and continued to eat. He said, “He offered her a role, but she turned it down.” 
He told a half–truth, and Ivor, adept at seeing through lies, did not suspect a thing. Even so, Ivor had a hunch there was more to it than that. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 365
Chapter 365 
At that moment, Ivor decided to tag along the next time Bonnie visited the film set. 
Meanwhile, Tatiana returned to her old ways after getting kicked out of the entertainment Industry. She leaned on a wealthy man’s chest and felt sickened. 
“You have to help me, Jonathan. Otherwise, they’ll ban me from the industry forever,” Tatiana said as she flirtatiously drew circles on the older man’s chest. 
“Are you trying to suck me dry, baby?” Jonathan held her hand and fiddled with them. 
“That’s not true. You’re strong and have so much stamina. We can pull an all–nighter, yet you’ll still be raring to go.” 
“You always know what to say.” Jonathan kissed Tatiana, and she almost barfed her dinner. 
“Come on, Jonathan–you have to help me. Pretty please!” Tatiana suppressed her true feelings and continued to coax him. 
Jonathan was turned on and felt like he was on fire. “Don’t worry about it. I’m Xavier’s business partner and his good friend. Some even say we’re like brothers. All I have to do is talk to him, and you’ll be back in the industry in no time.” 
Tatiana was thrilled when she heard that. 
‘I know how close Jonathan and Xavier are. If I’m not mistaken, they’re related–maybe distant relatives. That’s why I slept with Jonathan in the first place.” 
He took his phone and said, “Give me a minute while I call Xavier.” 
The call connected in no time. “Hey, Xavier, it’s me, Jonathan. I need a favor.” 
Meanwhile, Xavier glanced through some documents in his study. He answered the call, We’ve known each other for so long, Jon. We’re practically family. It hurts my feelings that you must ‘call in a favor.‘ I thought you considered me family.” 
“Of course I do! You’re even closer to me than my actual brother. Why would I think of you as anything other than family?” 
“Okay, what is it, Jon? I’ll do everything I can to help you.” 
Jonathan looked at Tatiana, leaning on his chest and anxiously staring at him. He said, “One of your celebrities got on your wrong side recently. I wonder if you can be the bigger man and let it go. I’ll treat you to a big meal when I can.” 
Chapter 365 
“Oh? Who do you mean?” 
2/2 
“The rising star–Tatiana.” 
“Huh?!” Xavier was so stunned he had to put down his pen. “Tatlana?” 
Jonathan had a bad feeling when he heard Xavier’s somber response. The former asked, “Did she make a huge mess or something?” 
Xavier said solemnly, “I can’t help you with that, Jonathan.” 
“Listen, Xavier-” 
“No, you listen to me!” Xavier raised his voice, and his expression grew grim. “Since we’ve been friends for a long time, you should take my advice and leave Tatiana. Stop getting involved with her, or you’ll get into deep trouble!” 
Those words erased any adoration and intentions Jonathan had for Tatiana. He knew his old friend Xavier would not have said that if it were not true. 
Jonathan said, “Tatiana told me she got fired and banned from the industry because she offended someone named Bonnie. As far as I know, Bonnie’s a country girl whose family disowned her. Don’t tell me she has another identity or something.” 
After some thought, Xavier said, “I’m supposed to keep it a secret, but I don’t want your to fall apart, old friend. I’ll give you a hint, but whether or not you understand it is up to you. However, you can’t tell anyone I gave you this hint.” 
“All right, you have my word. What’s the hint?” 
“Bonita.” Immediately after, Xavier hung up. 
life 
Jonathan did not understand what Xavier insinuated. The former fell into deep thought, ” Bonita? What does that mean? What is Xavier trying to hint at? Bonita… Bonnie… Bonita!‘ “Bonnie’s-“Jonathan almost blurted his thoughts. He caught himself and covered his mouth as his eyes widened in shock. 
Chapter Sob 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 366
Chapter 366 
Jonathan paled, and his breathing became unsteady. He was scared. 
Tatiana noticed his reaction and looked at him in puzzlement. She asked, Jonathan? Did Mr. Xavier agree to let me return to the industry?” 
He gulped and pushed her off the bed. 
“How’d it go, 
“Ahh!” Tatiana fell face–first, and blood began to drip from her nose. “Wh–why’d you do that?! What the hell, Jonathan?!” 
He quickly got off the bed and put on his clothes, saying, “You’ve crossed someone you shouldn’t have and almost dragged me down with you. Please get as far away from me as possible. 
“If you try s*** me again, you’ll suffer a worse fate than getting banned from the film. industry.” 
Immediately after, Jonathan bolted out of the room while Tatiana sat on the floor. She looked miserable as she muttered, “When did I cross someone I shouldn’t have? Was it Mr. Xavier? It’s all that damn Bonnie’s fault! 
“I wouldn’t have offended Mr. Xavier if it weren’t for her!” Tatiana could only shout to vent her frustrations. She knew she could not rewrite her fate. 
The following day, Sheffyn Entertainment announced Tatiana’s ban on Twitter. The netizens were shocked, wondering what had happened to Tatiana. Some even speculated she got on someone’s wrong side. 
Meanwhile, Trina sat in her room and checked the announcement. She exclaimed, “That’s perfect! Now I have a chance!” 
She had always dreamed of becoming an actress, but the leading roles were always designated internally. Open casting was a rare occasion in the industry. Nonetheless, Trina thought she could bag a minor role with her exquisite looks. Even so, she was not content 
with a minor role. 
Vera bought Trina the most expensive makeup kit and jewelry, saying, “Do your best to land the lead role, Trina. Don’t forget that you’ll be involved in Jane Austin’s work. All of her adapted TV dramas are famous. 
“Also, Orpheus is the male lead. If you act alongside him, he might fall in love with you. I 
Chapter 366 
think we no longer stand a chance with the Rhodes.” She sighed when she recalled her family’s fallout with the Rhodes. 
“You can trust me to do my best, Mom!” 
2/2 
Vera lovingly straightened her daughter’s collar and put a lavish bracelet on her wrist. Vera said, “You’ll be the talk of the city if you become a big star and succeed in scientific research. When that happens, I’ll call everyone we know and brag about it.” 
Trina frowned and said, “It’s a shame I’ll never get into Bonita Research Institute.” 
“Don’t beat yourself up. It was Bonnie’s fault that you had a fallout with the people at the research institute. She did a number on your bright future. What a pest!‘ 
Trina lowered her head, looking like she was about to cry. 
“All right, that’s enough. It’s bad luck to talk about Bonnie. We’ve already cut ties with her, so let’s avoid mentioning her name for the rest of our lives.” Vera patted her daughter’s back and added, “Bonita Research Institute isn’t the only prominent research facility in the world. 
“Pyralis alone contains various well–known research institutes. I know you’re gifted enough to work at one of them.” 
Trina’s eyes lit up. “Okay, I’ll do my best!” 
“Achoo!” Bonnie sneezed. “Achoo!” 
“That’s a couple of sneezes in a row. I wonder who’s bad–mouthing me. 
Suddenly, she saw a figure flash past her door. She muttered, “Was that a thief?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 367
Chapter 367 
1/2 
Bonnie stood up and quietly peeked out the door, but nobody was there. Then, out of the corner of her eyes, she saw the figure again. She dashed to the window, leaped out of it, and subdued the figure by grabbing his arm and twisting it back. 
“Ahh! That hurts! You’re going to break my arm!” 
Bonnie recognized the voice and loosened her grip. She was confused when she saw that it was Ged. She asked, “What are you doing here?” 
“Who did you think it was?! You almost broke my arm, damn it!‘ 
“Hey, you can’t blame me. Why were you acting so shifty in the first place? You could’ve walked through the front gate instead of using the window.” 
Ged was exasperated, saying, “You have Ivor to thank for that. He’s always so jealous of 
anyone 
who gets near you.” 
Bonnie had no idea what he was talking about. She asked, “What does this have to do with Ivor?” 
“You know how he is, Bonnie. He gets jealous of everything. I just praised you for your looks, talents, and combat skills the other day, and he got pissed off and insisted on fighting me. He even said he needed to spar because he hadn’t been working out.” 
Ged recalled Ivor kicking his a***. The former’s muscles grew sore at the mere thought of it. 
“So what if he did? That has nothing to do with what you told me and that you were sneaking into my place.” 
“Fine, I’ll cut to the chase. I recently set up a boxing gym, and we’ll start recruiting students tomorrow. As you know, people tend to challenge gyms. Still, I don’t know anyone good enough to defend mine. I came to ask for your help.” 
Ged paused momentarily and added, “I didn’t want Ivor to find out I came here because I only want your help, not his. That’s why I was sneaking around.” 
‘So that’s what he intended,‘ Bonnie thought. 
“All right, I’ll be there tomorrow.” 
Ged grinned and said, “Perfect! I owe you one, Bonnie. I’ll do everything I can to repay you.” 
The following day, Bonnie followed Ged to his new boxing gym. She had just arrived when Ivor called Ged, asking, “Did you just take Bonnie out somewhere?” 
Chapter 367 
2/2 
Ged sighed and said, “I need her for a while. Come on. Sharing is caring, right?” 
Ivor questioned, “Would you have been okay if someone took your wife out?” 
Ged replied through gritted teeth, “I wouldn’t have if she went out with someone I didn’t know. However, I’d be fine if she went out with you. If Bonnie’s okay with it, you can take my wife out however long you need.” 
Ged grinned and looked at Bonnie, asking, “Would that bother you, Bonnie?” 
Ivor’s lips twitched as he said, “Fine, you win this time!” 
had been friends with Ivor for a long time and could 
Ged could burst out laughing now. He never beat Ivor at anything. Finally, Ged pulled one over Ivor. 
Bonnie looked around the boxing gym interior and said, “The interior design looks good.” 
Before Ged could “Of course it does. I spared no expense in building this place. You see- finish, a group of men appeared at the entrance. The leader in all black approached Ged and asked, “Do you own this place?” 
“Yeah, I do. It doesn’t look like you guys are here to enroll.” Suddenly, Ged’s eyes widened. He recognized the emblem on their shirts. These men came from the Warrior’s Way Boxing Club. Ged asked, “Are you here to challenge us?” 
“Precisely. Our boxing club is just a few blocks down. Since you set up your gym here, you intend to take our customers. You aren’t playing by the rules, my friend.” Trystan, the leader, arrogantly tugged at Ged’s shirt. 
Ged grew annoyed and pushed Trystan, saying, “What rules? I’ve never heard of such a thing. If that’s true, then boutiques can’t be next to each other. What about restaurants? That’s such a bullshit rule.. 
“You must be scared of a little competition because you guys are bad at running a business. You’re just worried I’ll take all your customers.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 368
Chapter 368 
“If you lack confidence and competence, bulldoze your boxing club and stop wasting everyone’s time. After all, people might choose the wrong gym.” 
“Hmph!” Trystan turned red with rage. “That’s enough talking. How dare you say we’re incompetent! We’ll fight right now if you dare!” 
“Fine! You can’t intimidate me. I’ll get the ring ready. One of my people will fight one of yours in the ring. If you defeat her, I’ll bulldoze my boxing gym immediately.” 
Trystan and his gang were pleased with that. He said, “How bold of you. It’s a deal. Who will you send into the ring?” 
Ged looked at Bonnie and asked, “Will you please do the honors, Bonnie?” 
“Sure thing,” Bonnie agreed and entered the ring. 
“What?” Trystan was confused before bursting out into laughter. “You’re asking an inexperienced girl to represent your gym? You must be trying to lose.” 
The others joined in his laughter. 
Ged confidently retorted, “Laugh while you can. You’ll cry your eyes out soon enough.” 
Trystan noticed his calmness and instinctively glanced at Bonnie, thinking, ‘She’s almost as beautiful as an angel. Still, how can someone as delicate as her win against my men? This 
can’t be real.” 
“Stop mocking us and send your strongest fighter to the ring,” Trystan urged. 
“That won’t be necessary. My weakest fighter is capable enough to take you all on.” Ged gave Bonnie a subtle look, silently apologizing to her. 
‘I’m sorry, Bonnie. I had to say that to rile them up.‘ 
She nodded at him to signal she knew what he was doing and did not mind. 
Trystan shouted, “You have balls for insulting us! You asked for it. Jamal, you’re up!” 
“I won’t let you down.” Jamal balled his fists and jumped into the ring. “You’re pretty, little lady. My arms are twice the size of your calves. You should exit the ring while you can, or I’ll destroy your delicate face.” 
Bonnie replied indifferently, “Stop wasting my time. There’s a lot of people down there.” 
“This b*** is insinuating she can take us all on alone!‘ 
Chapter 368 
2/2 
“You might look cute, but you have a nasty mouth. It looks like I’ll have to go all out.” Immediately after, Jamal raised his fists and strode toward Bonnie. 
“Wait!” The sudden voice stopped Jamal. 
“Who said that?” 
Everyone shifted their gaze to Ged. 
Trystan smirked, “What’s wrong? Are you worried your pretty lady will get hurt, or do you want to surrender already?” 
“Who said anything about surrendering? I’m pausing the fight because our deal isn’t fair.” 
“How so?” 
“I’d bulldoze my boxing gym if my fighter lost. What about you guys?” Ged asked. ‘How can we possibly lose this fight?‘ Trystan felt good about his chances. 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
X 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 369
Chapter 369 
Trystan glanced at the petite and defenseless–looking Bonnie. He raised his chin and sad,” The same will happen to our boxing club if we lose ” 
“Perfect!” Ged exclaimed. He could not wait to see the Warrior’s Way Boxing Club getting bulldozed “We have a deal! 
Once Ged and Trystan agreed, Jamal looked at Bonnie and said, “Since you’re so pretty, I‘ let you take a free shot at me.” 
Bonnie squinted and asked, “Are you sure?” 
Jarmal smacked his chest to demonstrate how hard his pecs were. “Of course I am!” 
Bone strode forward and punched his chest. He thought the punch would be soft and powerless and intended to jeer when it connected. However, he felt like he got hit by a sledgehammer. 
Jamal even suspected his insides had been smashed. He let out a heart–wrenching scream as be flew out of the ring and fell to the ground. When he passed out, the whole gym fell into a pin–drop silence. 
Everyone’s jaw dropped, and their eyes widened. Even Ged, who knew how formidable Boonie was, was so dumbfounded that he could barely regain his senses. 
“Th–that can’t be reall 
He took his phone and teed Ivor, “Bonnie’s awesome! She just punched a touch and burly fighner named Jamal, and he flew out of the ring. He even passed out! You should be careful around your fiancee, Ivor. She might just beat the shit out of you when you sleep together.” 
Ivor replied, “What do you mean? Of course, we’ll sleep together. 
Ged responded, “That’s not the point, buddy. I’m trying to say Bonnie might smack you into obEvion if you piss ber off” 
“She won’t,” Ivor replied confidently. 
“What makes you so sure?” 
Ivor smirked and looked at Bonnie’s picture on his laptop. His smile grew wider, and there was nothing but love in his eyes. He replied, “I’ll do everything she says and give ber everything she wants. I’ll do my best to dote on her no matter what. She’ll have no reason to smack me because I love ber that mond.” 
Chapter 369 
2/2 
Ged looked at the text but did not reply. Instead, he muttered, “I think I’m about to throw up.” 
Meanwhile, Trystan told his men to carry Jamal away as he stared at Bonnie. 
At that moment, Micah volunteered to fight. “She packs a punch, Trystan. Still, that doesn’t mean Jamal didn’t underestimate her. I don’t think she’s that good. Let me give it a shot.” 
“Fine, go ahead.” 
Micah cracked his knuckles and entered the ring. He looked at Bonnie menacingly and said, 
little Unlike Jamal, I show no mercy even to women. If you’re smart, you’ll surrender now, lady. Otherwise, I’ll break your pretty face.” 
“Are you done talking? Let’s get this over with.” Bonnie glanced at him sidelong as she spoke. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 370
Chapter 370 
“You’re cocky. I’ll take you down a notch!” 
Instead of balling his fists, he made his fingers look like claws. Bonnie recognized his stance and prepared to fend off his attacks. She blocked his swipes, and he clawed at her again. However, Bonnie bent down and threw an uppercut. 
Micah staggered a few steps back and looked at her in shock. 
“That’s a shadowboxing technique!” Trystan instinctively walked to the side of the ring and stared at Bonnie. 
“Don’t stop.” Bonnie wagged her finger at Micah. 
‘How dare she taunt me!! 
Micah reddened with anger but knew he had to preserve his honor. He charged at Bonnie again, this time not holding back. To everyone’s surprise, the duo traded several more blows before Micah suffered a fate similar to Jamal’s. 
rustan and his gang Bonnie’s punch also sent Micah flying out of the ring. She glanced at saying, “Taking you guys on one at a time is too time–consuming. I’ll take you all on at once.” 
“How dare you underestimate us!” Trystan was furious. 
“That’s not it. I have something to attend to soon, and you’re wasting my time,” Bonnie said truthfully. 
Some of Trystan’s men could no longer take it. One said, “Trystan, let’s take her on together. We’ll win because we outnumber her.” 
However, Trystan raised his hand. His instincts told him none of them were a match for 
Bonnie. 
‘What will I do if she beats all of us even if we outnumber her? We’ll never recover from such humiliation. Then, how will we recruit more students?” 
Trystan looked at Ged and wondered where he found such a formidable fighter. Meanwhile, the latter grinned, asking, “Isn’t my fighter fantastic? Do any of you want some action? If no one does it, I’ll take it as a surrender. 
“Don’t forget to get a shiny bulldozer to knock down your boxing club. I’ll foot the bill if you’re unwilling to pay for a bulldozer. 
Chapter 370 
212 
Trystan said smilingly, “I agree that none of us are a match for her. Still, you’ll need more than a formidable coach to run a successful boxing gym. That means having a coach as powerful as she is is pointless. 
“If 
you’re so tough, we can do another match. Let’s have a five–on–five fight instead. Best two out of three. What do you say?” 
“You’re just weaseling out of our initial bet! We agreed that you’d bulldoze your boxing club. if she won. You can’t back out of the bet now. You can’t be that shameless,” Ged palmed his forehead and added, “I feel sorry for you, Trystan.” 
Trystan balled his fists and said through gritted teeth, “It was just a verbal agreement. We didn’t sign a contract, so it doesn’t count.” 
“You little shit!” 
“So, will you agree to a team fight, Ged? If you don’t, we’ll bug you every day. We’ll be here for weeks and drive away your potential students.” 
“That’s outrageous!” Ged felt tempted to use his background to intimidate Trystan and the gang. However, he was never one to oppress people with his family name. After all, there were rules and laws for a reason, even in combat. 
The tension between Ged and Trystan reached a boiling point when Bonnie said, “Fine, we’ll agree on a five–on–five.” 
Everyone turned to look at her in shock. 
“This time…” Bonnie looked into Trystan’s eyes fiercely. “…We’ll sign a contract. 
“Deal!” He readily agreed. 
Ged approached Bonnie, looking distressed. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 371
Chapter 371 
Ged whispered, “Nonnie, I don’t have anyone else to defend this gym.” 
She glanced at the distressed Ged and said, “I didn’t ask if you had enough people, You wouldn’t have asked me for help if you had someone else, right?” 
“Umm…” 
Although that was true, it did not mean it was pleasant to hear. Ged asked, “Does that mean you can gather some fighters?” 
Bonnie pulled out her phone, saying, “Give me a minute, I need to make a few calls,” 
“You’re calling them now?” 
“Of course. All my fellow students are in Pyralls, too–except Maisy, who spends most of her time overseas.” 
Ged’s eyes widened. “A–Are they also Master Arturo’s students by any chance?” 
“Bingo.” Bonnie was on the phone already. “Hey, Channing. I need help with a five–on–five team fight to defend my friend’s boxing gym. Do you have time to drop by?” 
Channing responded, “For you, Bonnie, anytime!” 
“Perfect! While I wait for you, I’ll call Alfie and the others, too.” 
Ged was so happy that he grinned from ear to ear. Meanwhile, Trystan and his gang felt uneasy when they saw how happy Ged was. 
“Hey, Trystan. Do you think he managed to gather strong fighters?” 
“Do you 
think he’s the only one who called for backup?” Trystan asked. 
His gang looked at him curiously and noticed his confidence. One of them asked, “Did you get some formidable fighters, too?” 
“Of course I did! I can’t rely on you worthless punks. You couldn’t even deal with a little girl,” Trystan lectured his gang. 
‘How dare he call us worthless? He doesn’t even dare to take on Bonnie himself.” 
Soon after, Trystan’s backup arrived at Ged’s boxing gym. They were shocked but quickly felt better about their chances. The fighters Trystan had called were formidable combat masters. Most of them won numerous championships in fighting tournaments. 
Chapter 371 
2/2 
“Son of a b***! That’s cheating! Three of Trystan’s men are combat masters. They’ve won several championships to boot. That’s just the trio I recognize. Who knows what the other two have achieved?” 
Although Ged caused a commotion, his words did not reflect his thoughts, ‘Your men might be good, Trystan, but can they hold their own against Master Arturo’s students? My guys stand at the top of the combat world!‘ 
Trystan and his gang laughed when they saw how “panicked” Ged was. Trystan asked, Where are you guys? What’s taking them so long?” 
Bonnie looked at the door and said, “There they are.” 
Trystan turned to look toward the door, thinking, ‘We’ll wipe the floor with them.” 
Immediately after, he became wide–eyed when he saw the team. “What the hell! That’s Master Channing Charles, Master Mike Fury, Master Alfie Ross, Master Fred Creed, and Master Rocky Marcello!” 
“Those guys are the best fighters alive. They learned shadowboxing from the revered Master Arturo. Although my guys are tough, they’re nothing compared to those five!‘ 
Initially, the fighters Trystan called were arrogant and confident. After seeing Bonnie’s fellow students, they became scared and tried to flatter the combat masters. 
“What brings you fine combat masters here?” 
Channing replied, “Bonnie called us to defend this gym. Did she call you guys, too? Perfect! We’ll kick some a*** together.” 
Trystan’s guys began to sweat as Bonnie clarified, “You got it wrong, Channing. These guys are our opponents.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 372
Chapter 372 
“Oh, so that’s how it is! Then, it’ll be a plece of cake. They’re no match for us,” 
Trystan’s fighters trembled when they heard Channing’s words. They exchanged glances before turning around and fleeing. Trystan realized what had happened and followed suit, yelling after them, “Hey, where are you guys going?! You can’t leave!” 
The fighters turned and glared at Trystan. One argued, “We came because we consider you our friend. I never thought you’d set us up like this!” 
“Why would you pit us against these combat masters, Trystan?! You must want them to beat us to a bloody pulp!” 
‘How’s this my fault? Who could’ve known that seemingly defenseless girl to be one of Master Arturo’s students? I wouldn’t have told my guys to cause trouble here if I had known. 
Bonnie watched Trystan and his gang leaving the boxing gym and reminded Ged, “They’re getting away. You should stop them.” 
“You got it.” Ged chased after them. “Where do you think you’re going? I’m coming with you. I’ll help you find a bulldozer to knock down your boxing club.” 
Trystan turned and lowered his head, saying, “Ged, a wise man once said it’s better to make friends than enemies. Let’s move past this. You seem like a forgiving person. How about I buy you a meal instead?” 
Before Ged could reply, Bonnie interjected, “Trystan, was it? If we were the ones who lost, would you have moved past it? I want an honest answer.” 
She glared at Trystan so profoundly that he dared not lie to her. He was stumped at that 
moment. 
Bonnie sneered and added, “You wouldn’t have done that. After all, you called your gang to kick us out of the area. You’re the one who picked a fight, lost, and went back on your words. What made you think you could fool us with some old saying and expect us to forgive you?” 
Trystan was stumped. 
Bonnie turned to Ged and said, “Since this is your boxing gym, you can decide what to do. I’m an outsider, so I won’t say anything.” 
Initially, Trystan had almost convinced Ged to let things go. The latter was about to be the bigger man,” but Bonnie helped him see the truth. 
Chole 372 
‘People like Trystan aren’t worth forgiving! 
“F*** this! We’ll bulldoze their boxing club!” 
Trystan’s heart sank, and he was about to say something. However, Ged showed him their signed contract and said, “You won’t weasel out of it this timel” 
“Damn it!‘ Trystan glared at Bonnie resentfully. ‘It isn’t over until I say it is!! 
Soon after, Warrior’s Way Boxing Club turned into a wreck. 
“It’s so satisfying, Bonnie! I owe you big time! I know you a little better now. Not only are you multi–talented, but you’re also charismatic, especially when helping your friends. I would’ve let it slide if you hadn’t been there. Frankly, you’ve impressed me thoroughly,” 
Bonnie smiled faintly. “You’re exaggerating. That’s just how we’re supposed to deal with such situations. 
“Well, it’s getting late. Why don’t I send you home, Bonnie? There was something off about how Trystan glared at you earlier. I’m worried he might do something rash.” Ged thought of Trystan’s glare and felt goosebumps. 
“I’ll be okay.” Bonnie waved. “They can’t defeat me even if they gang up on me.” 
“I know just how formidable you are, but they could be moving in the dark while you’re walking in the open. What’ll you do if they sneak up on you?” 
“Don’t worry about me. I have to treat my fellow students to dinner later, so they’ll be around. I don’t think Trystan and his gang will dare to do anything funny tonight.” “Okay then. That makes me feel better.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 373
Chapter 373 
Ged texted Ivor, “Your flancee is decisive and unyielding! She’s destined for big things in 
life.” 
Ivor confidently replied, “Why do you think I fell in love with her? After all, birds of a feather flock together.” 
‘Damn it, Ivor!‘ Ged cursed inwardly, ‘I only have myself to blame for bringing Bonnie up. Everyone says we should learn from our mistakes, but I’m a fool who keeps repeating them.” 
That night, Bonnie finished having dinner with her fellow students. Channing asked with concern, “How about I send you home, Bonnie?” 
“You’re doubting my fighting skills by saying that,” Bonnie said playfully. 
“I’d never do that. I heard about how you and Maisie fought and ended in a draw a while ago. Still, I noticed the guys from earlier today were looking at you pretty menacingly. Although they might not do anything to us, you’re still a lady. Sometimes, even the best of us get defeated in an ambush. You understand, right?” 
Bonnie nodded and said, “I appreciate your concern, Channing. I understand what you mean, but you guys are busy during the day, yet you came to my aid without question. I’m sure you have responsibilities to tend to tomorrow. 
“I don’t want to take up more of your time. Also, I already asked someone to come and take me home.” 
Channing felt at ease hearing that. Mike added, “Is he reliable? I mean the guy who’s coming to pick you up. Can we count on him?” 
Buzz! 
Bonnie received a text. After reading it, she smiled at her fellow students and said, “He’s here–let’s go outside. You’ll find out how reliable he is when you see him.” 
Soon after Bonnie and the gang left the hotel, they saw an ordinary car waiting for her. She approached the driver’s side and said, “He’s in there.” 
She knocked on the window, and her fellow students curiously huddled around the car. They wondered who had come to pick Bonnie up. From her tone, she probably knew the guy well. When the window lowered, they saw Jim’s rugged looks. 
“I–Is that Jim Ray?!” 
Everyone was stunned, but not because of his fighting prowess. After all, they weren’t 
Chapter 373 
2/2 
necessarily weaker than him. What surprised them was Jim’s profession. Everyone in Pyralis or even Arvandor knew Jim was Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. 
However, he had come to pick Bonnie up and send her home. Of course, her fellow students would be surprised to see him. 
“I’ll take my leave now, guys. See you around!” Bonnie put her arm out the window and waved at them. 
“Bye, Bonnie!” 
The group watched as the car drove into the distance. One said, “Channing, Master Arturo mentioned Bonnie being talented in scientific research, right?” 
“Master Arturo mentioned that to me, too. Do you think Bonnie is who we think she is?” After some thought, Channing texted Arturo, “Jim Ray just picked Bonnie up.” 
Arturo replied, “What’s wrong with that?” 
“Isn’t he Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard? Why would he make such an effort to pick Bonnie up?” 
Arturo replied briefly. “You just answered your own question.” 
The rest of the group gathered around Channing. They froze when they saw their master’s reply. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 374
Chapter 374 
1/2 
Alfie gasped and exclaimed, “Whoa! I would have never expected Bonnie to be the nation’s leading researcher! She’s Ms. Bonita? Well, I’m proud to be her fellow student.” 
“I agree with you wholeheartedly.” 
“Me, too!” 
“Me, three!” 
Meanwhile, Bonnie looked into the rear–view mirror and noticed several cars tailing Jim’s. ” 
Huh?” 
“What’s wrong?” Jim asked puzzlingly. 
Bonnie lifted her chin at the rear–view mirror and asked, “Do you notice the cars tailing us?” 
“I did, but I thought it was just a coincidence.” 
After some thought, Bonnie pointed at a nearby alley and said, “Turn here. Usually, no one passes through it. We’ll know if they’re following us if they turn in, too.” 
“You got it.” Jim was eager to see who was foolish enough to try something funny with them. Now that he thought about it, it had been a while since he punched someone. 
A white car followed Jim, and the driver told Trystan, who was in the backseat, “They turned into the alley. Should I keep following?” 
“Obviously, you idiot! That b*** ruined my family business. I want to show her that she messed with the wrong guy!” Trystan was furious when he recalled his boxing club turning to dust. 
Jim looked into the rear–view mirror and said, “Yep, they’re following us.” 
Bonnie rubbed her chin and analyzed the situation. “It’s probably Trystan and his gang.” 
The white car sped up a moment later and motioned to ram into Jim’s car. It seemed they were going for the kill in the isolated alley. However, Jim had prepared for it. He swerved his car at the last second and avoided the white car. 
Suddenly, six cars surrounded Jim and blocked all possible escape routes. Trystan’s gang exited their vehicles and closed on Jim’s. They were even holding weapons. 
Trystan barked, “I’ll count to three, and then we’ll smash your car if you don’t get out now!” 
The driver’s side door swung open, and Trystan froze when he saw Jim. Although ordinary 
Chapter 374 
7/2 
folks might not recognize the latter, he was a boxing club owner. Naturally, Trystan knew who the King of Combat was. 
“M–Master Jim!” Trystan was so stunned that he stuttered. Even his gang looked like they had just seen a ghost. 
“In the flesh,” Jim responded. Then, he cracked his neck and knuckles, ready to kick some 
a***. 
Trystan was terrified as he stammered again, “I–It was all a misunderstanding, Master Jim!” 
“A misunderstanding, huh?” Jim looked around and said, “You’re all armed and tried to ram into my car. You’ve even surrounded me. How is it a misunderstanding? Do I look like a fool to you?” 
“N–Not at all, sir! It was an honest misunderstanding. We got the wrong person. Y–You’re not the one we’re looking for!” Trystan slapped one of his guys. “You idiot! You told me she was in this f*** car, didn’t you?!” 
Trystan slapped the guy so hard that the latter felt dizzy. Feeling helpless and mistreated, the guy said, “I didn’t get it wrong. I saw her getting into this car, and we’ve been tailing 
her ever since. 
“Come on, you know I’m better than that. I’ve never made such a rookie mistake. I swear I saw her entering this car.” 
Trystan knew his guy well. However, the former panicked even more after hearing what the guy said. Trystan slowly turned and looked at the car’s backseat. 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 375
Chapter 375 
‘Is Bonnie in the car? Then, there’s no doubt that she knows Jim well.‘ 
Thud! 
Trystan suddenly knelt before Jim, saying, “Master Jim, please have mercy on me. I didn’t know she was your girlfriend!” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched when she heard that. Jim responded indifferently, “She’s not my girlfriend.” 
Trystan smacked himself when he realized Jim was still upset. The former said, “I was stupid to think she was your girlfriend, sir. Obviously, she’s your wife. Please forgive me!” 
Before Jim could respond, a much more charming and profound voice echoed, “She’s my fiancee.” 
Bonnie lowered her window and peeked around the surroundings. As expected, he was there. Meanwhile, Trystan looked at Ivor and noticed how imposing and menacing the latter was. Although he might not know who Ivor was, he could guess how powerful Ivor was. 
Trystan almost cried. He would not have challenged Ged’s boxing gym if he knew this would happen. With that, he would not have offended these big honchos. 
Bonnie finally exited the car and glanced at Ivor, who was wearing a coat. Then, she looked at Jim, thinking, ‘God, help me. Here we go again.‘ 
Ivor’s expression grew colder when he realized Bonnie did not care to explain anything. He said, “It seems you and Jim are extremely close.” 
Bonnie nodded and said, “You’re right. We’re super close. He’s more like my best friend.” 
She was so straightforward that Ivor did not know how else to vent his jealousy. Hence, he asked Jim, “When will you finish repaying your debt to her, Master Jim? Since Ms. Bonita is the most crucial person in Arvandor, you should be around her 24/7. 
“The nation will suffer a substantial loss if something happens to Ms. Bonita.” 
Jim chuckled and changed the topic, “Are you going to handle them, or should I?” 
Ivor tried to assert his dominance by saying, “I’ll do it since you need to prioritize Ms. Bonita’s safety. I’ll do my job and protect Bonnie.” 
“If that’s the case, I’ll back off and let you be the knight in shining armor.” With that, Jim entered his car and drove off. 
Chapter 375 
? 
Ivor looked at Floys and said, “I’ll leave them to you.” 
“Understood, Mr. Ivor.” 
When Bonnie entered Ivor’s car, she heard several gut–wrenching screams in the alley. Each scream sounded more desperate than the last. Soon after, she heard Ivor’s stomach. growling. She looked at him and noticed how pale he was. 
Bonnie asked, “You didn’t eat anything, did you?” 
“I came as soon as I finished work.” 
Bonnie knew Ivor had a critical project to work on that day. Otherwise, she would not have asked Jim to pick her up from the hotel. 
“You were so busy that you had to skip lunch and dinner? You’re already the richest guy in Pyralis, so your health should matter more than money.” 
Ivor was overjoyed to see Bonnie’s concern for him. He said, “I thought you knew I was trying to make more money for my future wife.” 
“I don’t need your money. I can make my own.” 
Bonnie thought, ‘For that matter, I might just be wealthier than you.‘ 
Suddenly, Ivor stepped on the brake, bringing the car to a screeching halt. Before Bonnie knew it, he leaned closer. She could feel his warm breath on her cheeks, causing her heart to skip a beat. Still, she did not let it show. “Ivor, what’s gotten into you?” 
He grinned and said, “You admitted it just now.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
Ivor’s affection slowly chipped away at Bonnie’s calmness. 
The former answered, “You just admitted to being my future wife.” Finally, Bonnie noticed it. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 376
Chapter 376 
I shouldn’t have responded to him without thinking. Still, am I admitting I’m his future wife?‘ 
Honk, honk! 
A car behind them honked, bringing Bonnie back to her senses. She pushed Ivor away and said, “Keep your eyes on the road.” 
“Of course, honey!” Ivor was so happy that he forgot that he was hungry. 
Bonnie said, “There’s plenty of tasty street food at Appetite Avenue. I’d go there and eat everything if I had the time. Do you like street food?” 
“Of course I do. I love everything you eat.” 
“Really?” Bonnie raised her brows with a hint of playfulness in her eyes. “I love eating liver and onions. I don’t see you liking something like that. 
After some thought, Ivor said, “That’s not true. I like eating liver and onions, too.” 
“Okay, why do you always watch and not join in whenever I eat that?” 
“Since I love you so much, I want you to have as much as possible.” 
Bonnie’s eyes glinted with humor as she said, “That makes me feel sorry for you. I’ll buy some liver and onions for us tomorrow. You know what? I’ll let you have all of it. After all, you did the same for me. 
Ivor did not know how to respond. His stumped expression amused Bonnie. 
Soon after, the couple reached Appetite Avenue. They stopped at a barbeque stall, and Bonnie said, “I’ll have ten grilled squid skewers, please. Make them spicy, okay?” 
Ten minutes later, she gave some to Ivor and said, “Bon appetit.” 
Ivor looked at the grilled squid with onions, which made him lose his appetite. He asked, ” Why don’t you have a taste first?” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him, saying, “Are you worried they’re poisonous? You know what? I won’t argue–I’ll just eat it.” 
She took a bite and savored the taste. “Mmm, it’s the best place to go for grilled squids. Come one, have some!” 
She handed Ivor the remaining pieces, and he bit into the piece she had just bitten. Bonnie 
Chapter 376 
said, “I just ate that part, Ivor.” 
“I know that,” Ivor said before taking another bite. 
“What do you think? It’s good, right?” 
“Mmm… It’s delicious because you ate it.” 
Bonnie sighed, not knowing what else to say. 
Later, Floyd entered Ivor’s room, and the latter asked, “Did you finish handling those guys?” 
2/2 
“Of course I did.” Floyd paused momentarily and then asked, “I thought you said Master Jim and Ms. Bonnie could never be a couple. I vividly remember you claiming he doesn’t love her that way, Mr. Ivor. What that in mind, why do you get jealous of Master Jim?” 
Ivor replied solemnly, “I might know they’re not a couple, but Jim is still a man. Put 
yourself in my shoes. Can you handle it if your wife’s best friend keeps showing up around. her?” 
“Um…” Floyd scratched the back of his head. “I don’t have a wife or a girlfriend. I can’t understand how you feel, Mr. Ivor.” 
He felt his boss’s pitiful glance and got upset, thinking, ‘He’s been single his whole life and only recently fell in love with Ms. Bonnie. Also, he hasn’t even won her heart yet. Ms. Bonnie hasn’t even accepted him as her boyfriend for crying out loud.” 
Floyd kept his thoughts to himself. He knew he might not live to see another day if he said it out loud. 
Ivor asked, “Did you do what I asked you to do last time?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 377
Chapter 377 
“Of course, Mr. Ivor. I sent someone to watch the film set. I’ll tell you when Bonnie goes 
there.” 
“Good job, Floyd.” 
1/2 
The following day, the director invited Bonnie to ask about the open casting. Since she was the novel’s author, and the characters were hers, Bonnie would be lying if she said she did not care about the casting. Naturally, she agreed to meet him. 
That afternoon, she went to the film set and bumped into someone from her past. Trina was as surprised as Bonnie. Moreover, the former had a bad feeling about their chance encounter. 
After some thought, Trina approached her former stepsister and asked, “Are you here for the female lead role, too, Bonnie?” 
‘I probably won’t stand a chance if Bonnie’s also after the lead role. She’s just too beautiful, 
after all.‘ 
“No, I’m not,” Bonnie replied dryly. 
“Oh, are you just trying to catch me off guard?” Trina did not believe Bonnie because the open casting for the female lead role was today. She thought it could not be a coincidence that she ran into Bonnie now. 
Bonnie hated it whenever people doubted her. She smirked and said, “You got me there. I’m 
here for the audition.” 
‘Damn it! She’s here for the lead role, after all!” 
Trina began to panic as she asked, “Aren’t you already rich? You don’t need this role, do you?” 
Bonnie replied indifferently, “That’s none of your business.” 
She turned and left immediately after, unwilling to waste a second more on Trina. The latter gritted her teeth and chased after Bonnie, saying, “Bonnie, this role is huge for me. It’ll help my future. Can you please skip the audition?” 
Bonnie stopped and casually looked at Trina. “I thought I was clear about it, Trina. We’re strangers to each other, even if we cross paths. If you’re going to keep bugging me, I’ll get you kicked out of Pyralis University again. Then, your future will be utterly ruined.” 
Chapter 197 
Her words were so intimidating that Trina paled. 
Bonnie continued to walk away, ignoring her former stepsister. Soon after, Bonnie anw Nancy approaching Nancy offered Bonnte a cup of bubble tea and said, “Mr. Orpheus told me you love bubble tea, so I bought you one. I hope you like it, Ms. Bonnie” 
Bonnie took the bubble tea and saw the guilt in Nancy’s eyes 
“Nancy must’ve waited for me here for a long time.” 
Noticing Bonnie’s silence, Nancy explained, “Th–the bubble tea is fine, I swear! I can take a sip if you don’t believe me. 
As she motioned to do it, Bonnie stopped her and said, “I thought you said you bought it for me. I can’t drink it once you’ve sipped it, right?” 
Nancy became misty–eyed. She stammered, “Th–thank you.” 
“You have it backward, Nancy. I should be thanking you for the drink. Thanks for being so thoughtful,” Bonnie responded warmly. 
Nancy was moved when she saw how friendly Bonnie was. Then, the former noticed Trina glaring at Bonnie and asked, “Do you know that lady over there, Ms. Bonnie?” 
Bonnie did not have to turn around to know who Nancy was referring to. She said, “She‘ one of the Shepards. Her name’s Trina 
Nancy’s eyes widened with shock when she heard that. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 378
Chapter 378 
‘Is Trina the rumored stepsister? I heard she was gentle and graceful, but she looks like she wants to kill Bonnie.” 
Nancy pitied Bonnie, saying, “That reminds me. My stepsister is just like Tina! 
Bonnie turned to look at Trina. After some thought, Bonnie asked, “Is your stepsister also a hypocrite?” 
Nancy answered, “Well, it’s certainly not because they look alike ” 
She and Bonnie exchanged glances and giggled. Since the duo experienced a similar past, they knew what each other had gone through. 
Meanwhile, Trina wondered what the duo was talking about. 
‘What are those two giggling about? I can’t explain it, but I’m sure they’re making fun of me. 
Bonnie and Nancy grew much closer to each other. The former patted Nancy’s shoulder and said, “Although I’m the author of this novel and have a way to give you the lead role, I feel that’s the last thing you want me to do. If I understand you well enough, you’d prefer to fight for your merits.” 
“Mhm!” Nancy nodded in approval. She determinedly said, “I’m only asking for a chance, not to rig the game.” 
Bonnie had a newfound respect for Nancy after hearing that. 
Soon after, the audition began. Trina was nervous, even though she had prepared herself for it. However, her confidence shattered when she heard Bonnie was also here for the audition. 
Ultimately, Trina could not even perform to her usual standard. Even so, she did not feel too bad about herself because she knew how beautiful Bonnie was. Trina simply stood no chance at the lead role, even if she had performed well. 
“You may leave, Ms. Trina.” The director waved her off coldly. He whispered to the producer, “She couldn’t remember her lines. How dare she come for the open casting. She must’ve thought we wouldn’t take this seriously. Is she looking down on us?” 
The producer responded, “She must’ve thought she could land the role by relying on her looks. She assumed we’d overlook her inability to remember her lines because her looks would dazzle us. Also, she might think she can rely on dubbing” 
“That’s low. What does that girl take the studio for? What does she take me for? I’m one of 
Chapter 378 
the best directors in Pyralls, damn it. I can’t believe she underestimated us. Give me her file. I want to know who she is and ban her from our studio entirely.” 
Trina was still within earshot at that moment. Although the director and producer were whispering, they were still pretty audible. Hence, Trian overheard their whole conversation. 
fel 
She gritted her teeth and balled her fists, thinking, ‘It’s all Bonnie’s fault! I wouldn’t have so nervous if it weren’t for her! She’s the reason I humiliated myself! Since that’s the case, the director and producer emphasize acting skills more than looks. 
‘Honestly, I don’t think Bonnie can act even if her life depended on it. If she could, Mom and Dad wouldn’t have disowned her.‘ 
Ultimately, Trina decided she was not in a hurry to leave. Instead, she stood aside and awaited Bonnie’s turn to audition. 
Since Bonnie had just seen Trina’s embarrassing audition, the latter thought it was only fitting she saw Bonnie’s as well. Trina even prepared her phone to start recording Bonnie’s audition. The former intended to upload it to the internet to humiliate Bonnie. 
Half an hour passed, but Bonnie’s turn never arrived. Instead, Nancy stepped forward to audition, and Bonnie cheered for her, “Give it your all, Nancy. You can do it.” 
“All right!” Nancy took a deep breath and started acting. 
Bonnie felt satisfied with her performance. Nancy had memorized her lines well and portrayed the female lead role flawlessly. 
‘I knew Nancy would be perfect for this role!‘ 
“Marvelous!” The director instinctively applauded Nancy. Afterward, he stood up and approached Bonnie. 
Trina wondered what was happening. 
‘Wasn’t the director praising Nancy? Why is he approaching Bonnie instead?‘ 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 379
Chapter 379 
The director humbly asked, “Ms. Bonnie, what do you think about Nancy? Did she portray your character well enough?” 
Trina watched as everything went down and overheard what he told Bonnie. The former was shocked. Even an ordinary person could tell Bonnie was the author of the novel they adapted into the television drama. 
Trina remembered the author’s name as Jane Austin, a highly prolific author. 
‘Bonnie is Jane Austin! That explains why she’s so rich! She doesn’t have a sugar daddy, after all. She’s already the wealthiest author on earth! Sheesh!‘ 
Trina remembered something else that was essential. 
‘Bonnie lied to me! She didn’t come for the audition!‘ 
Bonnie smiled at Nancy and told the director, “I already knew she would nail the female lead role. Still, I couldn’t just say that aloud. I didn’t want it to affect your judgment.” 
“You’re an excellent judge of character, Ms. Bonnie! It’s decided- 
our gal!” The director called Nancy over and shook her hand. “I’m sure we’ll work together perfectly.” 
Nancy joyfully cried as she said, “Th–thank you, sir. I have you to thank, too, Bonnie.” 
Bonnie handed her some tissues and said, “You fought for that role and earned it. You don’t have to thank anyone but yourself.” 
Nancy said sobbingly, “Although you say that, Tatiana would have still been abusing me now if you hadn’t shown up when you did.” 
“All right, enough crying. You’re the female lead, and we’ll start shooting soon. How will you do that if your eyes are swollen from crying?” 
“Bonnie makes a fine point. Go home and get some rest, Nancy. We’ll see you tomorrow and sign the contract to make everything official.” 
“Okay!” Nancy wiped her tears and asked Bonnie, “Hey, are you free tonight? I’d like to buy you dinner.” 
Bonnie did not want to reject her offer, so she said, “Sure thing. 
” 
As the duo motioned to leave the set, Trina took off after them, furious. “Bonnie, you’re too much! You didn’t come here for an audition like you said! Why did you lie to me?” 
Boone shook her bead and said, “I swear, Trina You always hit a new high of idiocy and shamrissness where you open your mouth How can you be so bold? You’re the one who bugged me about whether or not I care for an audition. 
4 old 
was but you didn’t believe me Instead, you kept bugging me. I had no 
choice but to say yes. 
Thima’s breaching became uneven as het anger boiled within her. At that moment, Bonnie brushed past bet. 
Trina saddenly yanked Bonnie back, roaring, “You’re not going anywhere! You just don’t want me to succeed in life, so you lied to me! Why did you agree to come to Pyralis when my parents offered to bring you here? They’re my parents, and they raised me. You had no right stealing their love from me?” 
Nancy balled her fists and bit her lips. She saw Trina as a spitting image of her hypocritical stepsister. 
acy said. “I know I’m an outsider, but I can’t stand this, You’re the one who snatched Bunnie’s parents and their love from her. What makes you think you’re the Shepards‘ rightful daughter?!” 
Nancy was the same as Bonnie. The former was the rightful daughter of the Church family. Bowever, ber father disowned her. 
Trina shoved Nancy’s face out of the way and retorted, “Who the hell do you think you are?! You have no right to poke your nose into my family affairs!” 
If Bonnie had not caught Nancy in time, the latter would have fallen to the ground. Bonnie comed grim as she took her phone and made a call, “Russell, it’s me, Bonnie. I need you to expel Trina from Pyralis University with immediate effect.” 
Trina froze in shock when she heard that. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 380
Chapter 380 
“No! Bonnie, you can’t do that! You have no right” Trina yelled hysterically. 
Bonnie casually said, “I did it because I can. If you’re dissatisfied, you can always call the university president and ask him to expel me, too.” 
“You know I can’t!” Trina pointed at Bonnie tremblingly. Trina turned red with rage before passing out. 
Nancy stared at the fainted Trina and then at Bonnie with a newfound respect. However, there was also a hint of confusion in Nancy’s eyes. She said, “You’re so good at this that you even made your hypocritical stepsister pass out. I don’t get why the Shepards disowned you, Bonnie.” 
Bonnie responded truthfully, “You might not believe it, but I’ve exposed Trina’s lies and true colors in front of my parents countless times. Still, they continued to believe her blindly. They even started thinking I forged evidence to set Trina up. That’s how my ‘bad reputation‘ came around.” 
Nancy’s heart ached for Bonnie. Unable to suppress her emotions, Nancy patted Bonnie’s 
back. 
Meanwhile, Ivor received reliable information. He asked, “Is Bonnie playing a minor role?” 
“That’s right, Mr. Ivor,” Floyd answered. 
“Are there any intimate scenes?” 
Floyd felt a chill down his spine. “None whatsoever.” 
He knew Ivor would ask such a question, so her went ahead and found out about it. Nonetheless, his answer lifted Ivor’s spirits a little. 
“There is something else, though.” Floyd felt stressed. 
“What is it?” Ivor asked coldly. 
Floyd wished he could get rid of his goosebumps at that moment. He said, “Ms. Bonnie will act as Mr. Orpheus’s ex–wife.” 
Ivor squinted and asked, “When will they start shooting?” 
“In three days.” 
Ivor tapped his desk several times and then gestured at Floyd. “Gather some men and…” 
The Shepards were furious as they visited the hospital. Vera questioned, “What happened, Trina? You were okay today, and now, you’re in the hospital. I thought Pyralis University took you back. Why’d they expel you again?” 
Vera was irritated as she thought, ‘Why do bad things always happen to our family?!” 
Trina walled, “1–It was all Bonnie’s fault! She caused this!! 
“Bonnie? What does this have to do with her?” Vera was shocked. “Did she go back on her word and tell Mr. Russell to expel you again?” 
Before Trina could answer, Gresham denied it, “I don’t think that’s what happened. Bonnie never breaks her promises. 
Vera roared, “Why are you defending her?! Do you still consider her your daughter? I can’t believe what I’m hearing right now! 
“Why are you yelling? I never considered Bonnie as my daughter.” 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 381
Chapter 381 
Exasperated, Gresham glanced at Vera sidelong. “Let’s be fair. Bonnie might love making things up and lack common courtesy, but you can’t say she goes back on her promises.” 
Vera silently recalled her interactions with Bonnie and realized Gresham might have a point. Gresham said, “Trina, tell us everything. Did you and Bonnie argue or something? She wouldn’t have gotten you expelled again without a good reason.” 
Trina looked miserable as she stammered, “I–I, um… Bonnie and L… Uhh…” 
“Out with it! Stop wasting my time.” 
“Well…” 
Gresham squinted and asked, “You went to the film set today, right? Did you run into her over there?” 
Trina gulped, confirming her father’s suspicions. He pried, “What happened between you two on the film set?” 
Trina felt conflicted and hesitant. She also regretted what had happened. She would not have blamed Bonnie if she had known it would come to this. 
“Why aren’t you saying anything, Trina? I’ll get someone to discover the truth if you don’t talk. It won’t take long before I get to the bottom of it.” Gresham sounded solemn this time, no longer as affectionate as he usually was with his daughter. 
Trina gritted her teeth and stared at her father pitifully. Gresham stared at her and then turned to his assistant beside him, saying, “Do it.” 
“Right away, sir.” 
“Wait, don’t do it! I–I’ll tell you everything!” Trina took a deep breath and told her father what had happened. However, she omitted certain parts. “I saw Bonnie at the film set and thought she was also there for the audition. I always feel inferior because I know she’s much prettier than me. 
“Bonnie told me she was there for the audition, and it made me so nervous that I could barely remember my lines. I didn’t know she lied to me until after the auditions concluded. 
Bonnie wasn’t there for the audition at all. 
“I got mad and chased her for an explanation. I also asked why she didn’t want me to 
succeed, and then she called Mr. Russell to expel me. 
Vera stomped and roared, “Damn that Bonnie! She stepped over the line!” 
2/2 
Gresham rubbed his chin and stared at Trina, studying her expression. He felt she was hiding something and asked, “What was Bonnie doing at the film set if she wasn’t there for the audition?” 
Trina froze, thinking, ‘I tried keeping the story simple and omitted certain parts. How can Dad still see a loophole?” 
Why aren’t you speaking again, Trina?” Gresham’s voice was sterner now that he sensed something was wrong. 
Even Vera felt something was amiss. “Hurry up and tell us, Trina!” 
It seems I can no longer hide it. I must come clean, or Dad will discover the truth, and even Mom will hate me.” 
“I didn’t find out about it until much later, but Bonnie’s the author of the novel they’re adapting for the TV drama.” 
“What did you say?” Vera was slightly stunned. “She’s the author? What TV drama are you referring to?” 
“U–Um, the one I auditioned for.” Trina stammered. 
Before Vera could figure it out, her husband exclaimed in shock, “A–Are you telling us Bonnie is Jane Austin?! She’s the renowned novelist?!” 
Vera’s eyes widened as she remembered seeing Bonnie typing away at lightning speed. The former was curious and asked Bonnie what she was doing. Bonnie told Vera she was writing a novel, and the latter believed it. After all, anyone could write a web novel. 
Vera also remembered asking Bonnie about her pen name, and Bonnie told her it was Jane Austin. At that time, Vera took her phone and searched for that pen name online. Vera was surprised that it was a big–shot novelist’s name. Moreover, Jane was the wealthiest in the industry. 
Vera was furious back then and immediately left Bonnie alone. The former did not want to waste her time with Bonnie and thought it was not the first time Bonnie lied. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 382
Chapter 382 
“Bonnie might not be tired of lying, but I’m sick of it.” Vera thought. 
Gresham grew agitated as he held Trina’s shoulders and asked, “Are you serious about Bonnie being Jane Austin?!” 
Trina was frightened when she saw how angry her father was. Meanwhile, her mother was strangely silent and staring off into space. 
Gresham shook his daughter and yelled, “Spill it, Trina!” 
She felt like he was about to crush her shoulders. Trina said, “It’s true, Dad. Bonnie is none 
other than Jane Austin!” 
After hearing the indisputable truth, Gresham and Vera froze. The latter’s jaw almost hit the floor, and she could not find her voice. A moment later, she uttered, “Bonnie’s the wealthiest novelist in the world. How much do you think she makes yearly?” 
Vera gulped and turned to her husband. She asked, “Do you think we should meet with her?” 
“What will you do if we meet with her? Are you going to ask her for money?” Gresham asked, annoyed. 
“Well…” Vera could not form a complete sentence even if she tried. 
“What would people think of us if you did that? We’d look like people who disown their own when they’re useless and reclaim them once we consider them valuable.” 
Vera’s expression grew increasingly pathetic. 
Gresham sighed and added, “You’re her mother and should know how stubborn Bonnie is We were the ones who disowned her, too. We can all beg for her forgiveness, but she’ll never rejoin our family. Can you look past your pride and kneel before her?” 
Vera was speechless. 
“We might be related to Bonnie by blood, but we don’t have the fortune to be her family. Also, we signed the agreement and officially announced that we’ve cut off all ties with her. Vera, you might not care about our pride, but I do.” 
“Although you say that, Bonnie is Jane Austin and the miracle doctor. If she rejoins our family, it will-” 
Before Vera could finish, Gresham interjected, “Do you think she’ll rejoin our family?” 
Chapter 362 
That was all it took to make Vera give up. She remained silent for a long while before saying, “Our agreement stipulates that we’ll always remain strangers to her. A stranger’s glory doesn’t concern us at all.” 
Vera said that to comfort herself, but she regretted disowning Bonnie. 
Three days later, Bonnie left her house and saw Ivor’s car at the entrance. She knew he had not failed to send her to school, no matter what. As the morning sun shined on her in the passenger seat, she noticed Ivor monitoring her every move. She asked, “Is there something on your mind?” 
Ivor asked back, “Are you free this afternoon?” 
Bonnie’s eyes widened as she thought, ‘Did he find out I’ll be shooting a scene with Orpheus this afternoon?” 
Ivor casually added, “It’s nothing major. I’m just trying to make conversation.” 
“Oh, I see.” 
If Ivor would not say anything, neither would Bonnie. When she reached the campus, Orpheus texted her, “I’ll see you two in the afternoon, Bonwick!” 
She replied, “okay, got it.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 383
Chapter 383 
Bonnie enjoyed her sleep in the lecture hall when one of her unhappy classmates ratted her out, “Professor Christopher, Bonnie’s sleeping during your lecture.” 
He looked at Bonnie and then glanced at the student who complained. He said, “You should know how adept she is at computer science. Not even I could do what she did.” 
“You’re too humble, Professor Christopher.” 
“I’m not acting humble, you little- Ahem!” Christopher almost cursed. “It’s not a stretch. to say that not even all the professors combined can hack into Pyralis University’s security system. Bonnie, on the other hand, did it with ease. There’s nothing I can teach her. Instead, I wanted to ask her to give me some tips.” 
The students were shocked when they heard that. 
One student said, “Professor Christopher, Bonnie’s still a student. Although she might be outstanding, it doesn’t excuse her from sleeping during lectures.” 
Christopher grew exasperated, saying, “You’re all just jealous of her. If you were as good as her, I wouldn’t have cared if you all had an o*** during my lecture!” 
Ding! Ding! Ding! 
Bonnie’s alarm suddenly rang. She opened her eyes, checked the time, and realized it was almost half past one. Even though it would take her half an hour to get to the film set, she 
knew she could make it there before two. 
She said, “Professor Christopher, I have some matters to attend to. I need to head out for a while.” 
“Sure thing, Bonnie. I won’t hold it against you.” Christopher sent her out warmly. “Can I ask you for some pointers later if I have questions about computer science?” 
“Of course you can, professor.” Bonnie nodded. “I’ll help you when I have time. 
“Thanks a bunch, Bonnie. Travel safe.” Christopher was so happy that he grinned, making everyone else in the lecture hall question how the world worked. Moreover, he had something harsh, and the students were unsure if they could get over it. 
As Bonnie left the campus, Ivor received a call from Floyd, “Ms. Bonnie is on her way to the film set, Mr. Ivor.” 
Ivor quickly ended his meeting and left the conference room, looking grim. The top management personnel were stunned as they exchanged glances. 
Chapter 383 
2/2 
They wondered what had happened. After all, they had never seen Ivor so stern. He also liked dragging out his meetings but ended it sooner today. Some employees even wondered if the company was going through a financial crisis. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie wore a historical costume at the film set. Since the male lead’s ex–wife was an ordinary woman, her get–up had to be a little bland. Hence, she only wore a plain hairband. Even so, her alluring looks amazed everyone. 
Nancy stared at Bonnie admiringly. “Jeez, Bonnie, I think you’re glowing I feel like I’m looking at an angel who fell from heaven. If you had taken the female lead role instead, the TV drama would have been a massive hit.” 
“Come on, Nancy. I know I’m not cut out for acting. On the other hand, you’re sincere when you act. It’s a skill perfect for portraying a naive and kind–hearted character.” Bonnie was not trying to make Nancy feel better. It was just her honest opinion. 
Suddenly, someone screamed, “Oh, no! Orpheus is missing!” 
The director became worried, saying, “Where could he be? It’s the only day it’ll rain for the whole month. We’ll have to wait another month to shoot this scene if we miss it. Why are you all standing around?! Hurry up and look for him! Did anyone try calling him?” 
Bonnie took her phone and said, “I’ll give him a call.” 
“Here I am.” 
She heard a deep voice behind her. 
Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 384
Chapter 384 
1/2 
Bonnie turned and looked at the man behind her, only to notice him wearing his mask. She wondered why he already had his mask on when they had not even started shooting. 
In the plot, the male lead was the cursed child of an angel and a demon. His face was hideous and resembled that of a hellspawn’s. The villagers were terrified of him, and even kids 
stoned him. 
The main character then wore a mask to cover his hideous face. However, fortune smiled upon him when he eventually found Freya, who looked past his shortcomings and fed him. Moreover, she healed him with her herbs. As time passed, they fell in love. 
The director asked, “Where’d you go, Orpheus?” 
“Orpheus” deepened his voice, saying, “I had a stomachache and went to the toilet.” 
“Huh? What’s wrong with your voice? You sound weird.” 
“My throat’s a little sore, but I’ll be okay. I’ll just drink some water, and it’ll pass.” 
“Oh, okay then. Hurry up and prepare for the shooting. It’ll start raining soon.” The director looked at the cloudy sky and said, “Here, let’s go through the scene we’re about to shoot.” 
“Orpheus, you pin Bonnie to the ground and kiss her.” 
“I thought there weren’t any kissing scenes.” 
Bonnie looked at “Orpheus” curiously, thinking, ‘I can’t explain it, but something seems off about Orpheus today.” 
“Didn’t I write it on the script that it’s a fake–out? Your enemies will appear before you can kiss her. Freya will then shield you from the arrows and die. As she draws her last breath, she’ll remove your mask and reveal your face. 
“To the audience’s surprise, you’ll be hideous and good–looking. You’re so stunning that no one can ever compare to your looks. It turns out the aforementioned curse subjected you to a cruel fate. The woman you love more than life itself is destined to die before you,” the director rambled on. 
“Understood.” Orpheus nodded. 
‘It’s good I’m here today, or Bonnie will come close to kissing Orpheus. Damn it!” 
Meanwhile, Bonnie kept staring at “Orpheus” and then pointed toward the paddy field. She said, “It’s about to start raining. Let’s go.” 
Chapter 384 
212 
“All right then.” 
When the duo reached the paddy field, the director yelled, “Action!” 
“Orpheus” pinned Bonnie to the ground. The girls who were watching the scene blushed, but no one knew he stuck one of his hands behind Bonnie’s head. 
Her eyes widened as she stared at the eyes underneath the masks. Moreover, “Orpheus” firm chest reminded Bonnie of someone. As Bonnie was shocked by the realization, “Orpheus” lowered his head and motioned to kiss her. 
Thump–thump! Thump–thump! Thump–thump! 
Bonnie felt her heart pounding and increasing in speed. As their lips drew closer, “Orpheus” stopped. 
“Huh?” Bonnie was surprised. ‘If it were Ivor, he would’ve never passed on a chance to take advantage of me. What made him stop?‘ 
“Splendid work! Well done, you two!” The director was thrilled. “All right, prepare the 
archers!” 
Everything was in place when an arrow suddenly flew at them. Bonnie instinctively pushed Orpheus” away. 
Gush! 
The arrow embedded itself in her. The director could see the emotional shifts in 
Orpheus’s” eyes through the monitor. It seemed like “Orpheus” could not believe his wife was dying. He had fallen into a boundless abyss and drowned in anguish. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 385
Chapter 385 
“Orpheus” performed phenomenally and lived up to his title as the Best Actor. However, Bonnie thought something was amiss. She wondered why his eyes looked like someone 
else’s 
A prop arrow protruded from Bonnie’s back as she glanced at “Orpheus,” who looked. anguish and sorrowful. She smiled at him and stayed in character, asking, “W–Will you let me see your face?” 
The main character had never shown Freya his face because he feared she would despise him, just like the villagers did. 
“Very well,” “Orpheus” said huskily. 
Bonnie slowly removed his mask and revealed his stunning face. 
“Wh–what’s going on?” The director and everyone else were shocked. 
“Hey, that’s not Orpheus! Will someone please tell me who this man is?!” 
“Cut!” The director yelled. 
Bonnie was slightly annoyed as the man still held her waist. She said, “The director said cut. Why aren’t you letting me go?” 
“I’m just holding my future wife’s waist. It has nothing to do with them,” Ivor said firmly. 
“When did I become your future wife?” 
“You already are.” 
“Where’s Orpheus?” 
“He’s okay.” 
Suddenly, someone yelped in pain, and the person’s voice grew closer, “This is ridiculous. What kind of nephew treats their uncle this way? I can’t believe Ivor hired someone to kidnap me and s*** me of my clothes.” 
Bonnie looked toward the voice and saw Orpheus with his hair in a mess. The director looked at him and then at Ivor…Then, he thought about the rumors he had heard a while ago. 
‘If I remember correctly, that guy is Orpheus’s nephew. It’s not hard to guess why he came. here. After all, Orpheus said Bonnie is his nephew’s fiancee. The show might be an even bigger hit if I got Ivor to play the main character and Bonnie to play the female lead.‘ 
Chapter 385 
1/2 
Chapter 385 
“Orpheus” performed phenomenally and lived up to his title as the Best Actor. However, Bonnie thought something was amiss. She wondered why his eyes looked like someone 
else’s 
A prop arrow protruded from Bonnie’s back as she glanced at “Orpheus,” who looked anguish and sorrowful. She smiled at him and stayed in character, asking, “W–Will you let me see your face?” 
The main character had never shown Freya his face because he feared she would despise him, just like the villagers did. 
“Very well,” “Orpheus” said huskily. 
Bonnie slowly removed his mask and revealed his stunning face. 
“Wh–what’s going on?” The director and everyone else were shocked. 
“Hey, that’s not Orpheus! Will someone please tell me who this man is?!” 
“Cut!” The director yelled. 
Bonnie was slightly annoyed as the man still held her waist. She said, “The director said cut. Why aren’t you letting me go?” 
“I’m just holding my future wife’s waist. It has nothing to do with them,” Ivor said firmly. 
“When did I become your future wife?” 
“You already are.” 
“Where’s Orpheus?” 
“He’s okay.” 
Suddenly, someone yelped in pain, and the person’s voice grew closer, “This is ridiculous. What kind of nephew treats their uncle this way? I can’t believe Ivor hired someone to kidnap me and s*** me of my clothes.” 
Bonnie looked toward the voice and saw Orpheus with his hair in a mess. The director looked at him and then at Ivor..Then, he thought about the rumors he had heard a while ago. 
‘If I remember correctly, that guy is Orpheus’s nephew. It’s not hard to guess why he came. here. After all, Orpheus said Bonnie is his nephew’s fiancee. The show might be an even bigger hit if I got Ivor to play the main character and Bonnie to play the female lead.‘ 
Chapter 385 
2/2 
Meanwhile, Orpheus and Ivor argued. The former questioned, “Do you know how ridiculous you are?” 
Ivor retorted, “Do you know how ridiculous it is for you to play out such an intimate scene with my fiancee?” 
“I can’t do this anymore! Please talk some sense into him, Bonwick!” Orpheus felt helpless and could only drag her into the argument. 
Bonnie palmed her forehead and said, “That’s how your nephew is. I can’t help you even if I wanted to.” 
The director came over and asked, “Orpheus, is he your nephew?” 
Orpheus felt slightly troubled as he answered, “I think it’s pretty obvious since he’s handsome. That gene runs in our family.” 
The director had to admit that Orpheus’s nephew was indeed dashing. 
Orpheus said, “Let’s move it, director. The rain has stopped. I need some touch–ups before we can reshoot this scene. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 386
Chapter 386 
That won’t be necessary. We got some good footage.” 
Orpheus was stunned when he heard what the director said. 
“A–Are you just going to use what you shot earlier? B–But, that’s not me, though! I know my character wears a mask, but we have different eyes! My avid fans can tell that it’s not me!” 
“It’ll be fine. I’ll try not to use a close–up. If I do, we’ll do some post–processing work to Photoshop your face in there.” The director loved what he shot earlier. 
“Will it work?” His lips twitched a little. 
think 
The director glanced at Bonnie while Orpheus looked at him. Then, the director whispered, “Do you your nephew will let you pin his fiancee to the ground? For Heaven’s sake, he kidnapped you before the shooting even started. 
“If you did that in the scene, do you think he’ll 
let you walk off the film set in one piece?” 
He couldn’t help but feel pain all over his body at what the director said. Turning around, he realized Ivor was shooting him a cold glance. He trembled all over immediately. 
Fine. It 
‘Fine. It looks like I’m going to have to let it go.” 
The director rubbed his chin thoughtfully and said, “Perhaps we should let your nephew take on the male lead role. We can modify the script and say the female lead looks like Freya. That way, Bonnie could keep 
acting. 
“I’m such a genius! It’ll take a lot of rewriting, but I think I can pull it off. After all, I have Jane by my side!” 
Orpheus’s lips twitched more crazily the more the director talked. 
“I’m fine with it, but they’ve officially announced I’ll be the main lead. Do you think my billions of fans 
would accept it?” 
The director sighed and said, “What a shame. I wanted them to play the roles.” 
Orpheus was utterly pissed off. “What’s the meaning of this, director?” 
Looking embarrassed, the director didn’t respond to him. Walking over to Ivor, he asked, “What line of work are you in? Are you interested in trying your hands on the entertainment industry?” 
Before Ivor could respond, the director heard Xavier’s voice from behind him. 
“To what do I owe the pleasure, Ivor? What are you, someone so high and mighty, doing here at my film 
sey?” 
Ivor looked at him blankly. “I didn’t want to be here, but my fiancee’s here.” 
“As far as I could gather, Bonnie is no longer engaged to you. So, calling her your fiancee might not be all 
I 
that appropriate.” Xavier smiled nonchalantly. 
Chapter 980 
Ivor responded with an equally calm face, “My fiancee didn’t complain about it. You’re just an outsider. Who are you to pass judgment on my private affair?” 
“You’re right. After all, Bonnie didn’t seem to be bothered by it. I am just an outsider. I should’ve minded my own business. Now that you’re here, why don’t I do what every good host would do and buy your 
dinner?” 
Ivor was about to reject his offer, but Bonnie agreed. 
“Sure thing.” 
“Why did you agree to it?” Ivor was a little displeased. Bonnie and Xavier were getting a little too close for 
his taste. 
Xavier looked exceptionally stunning. It was just that he has rather dark characters. 
Flashing a smile at Ivor, she said, “Aren’t you competitors? You should jump on the offer if he wants to buy dinner. Order all the expensive food and drinks. That way, you can chip away at his finances. What’s more, you can annoy him.” 
“You make a fine point. I’m lucky to have such a sharp–witted fiancee.” 
“I told you I’m not your fiancee.” 
Xavier, who was walking in front of them, would’ve stopped in his tracks if he hadn’t forced himself to 
keep walking. 
kin away at 
‘I’m fine if both of them are conspiring to my finances, but they could’ve talked about it when I’m not around. Look at them. They’re not even trying to keep their voices down. They don’t care if I can 
hear them.” 
“Count me in!” Orpheus took off after them. “I’ll lend a hand in chipping away at the Sheffyn family’s 
finances.” 
He turned around and looked at the director and the others. “Stop filming, guys. The rain is getting heavier, anyway. Come on. We’ll all go together. Mr. Xavier’s buying us dinner.” 
Xavier couldn’t hold it back anymore. Stopping in his tracks, he turned around, looked at Orpheus, and 
hinted at him. 
‘Am I the one buying dinner, or will you pay for all of this?‘ 
However, Orpheus acted as if he didn’t notice it and continued asking others to join them. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 387
Chapter 387 
1/2 
Orpheus had been calling everyone to join the dinner long before he noticed the director was still frozen. He walked over puzzlingly. “Why aren’t you moving? Xavier’s buying us dinner!” 
The director turned around and faced him. “Is your nephew the CEO of the Knight Group?” 
“Hush.” He put a finger on his mouth and checked his surroundings. “Don’t tell anyone about it.” 
Now that he had a definite answer, the director couldn’t help but take a sharp breath. In addition to Ivor’s identity, he is also shocked by Orpheus’s undertaking. 
Everyone knew Orpheus attained what he had in the entertainment industry by relying on his talent and 
commitment to his job. If word ever got out that the CEO of the Knight Group was his nephew, the entire 
industry would be shaken. 
At the next moment, the director glanced at both Bonnie and Ivor. 
If Ivor’s identity were revealed in the future, his television drama would be all over the news. Then, there 
was Bonnie and her identity as Jane Austin. 
“Geez!” He clapped. “What I would give to make it happen. I wouldn’t even have to promote the television 
drama. The viewers‘ rating will be through the roof!” 
The next day, Avril and Bonnie were in their lecture hall. The former was staring at the latter with utter 
disbelief and admiration in her eyes. 
“D–Did you go away to play a minor role in the television drama that adapted Jane Austin’s novel? On top of that, you were in the same scene with Orpheus, the Best Actor?” 
Bonnie was tempted to tell her the truth. Ivor took Orpheus’s place in that scene. However, it wouldn’t be appropriate to tell the public about it. So, she didn’t come clean with Avril. 
“Oh, my! You’re impressive, Bonnie! That is so badass! If our classmates find out that you were in the same scene with Orpheus, they will be green with envy!” 
She looked at Bonnie with sparkling eyes. At the next moment, her eyes grew dim a little. 
“I guess it makes sense. How are you not supposed to be a badass? You’re Ms. Bonita. Your other 
identities might be extraordinary as well, but none of them are as breathtaking as the fact that you’re Ms. 
Bonita. 
“Speaking of, Trina is obsessed with working at Bonita Research Institute. Tsk tsk tsk. I wonder what she’ll think when she finally finds out that you’re Ms. Bonita, the person she looks up to the most!” 
Avril was anticipating the day’s arrival. 
Bonnie paged through a book and said casually, “It doesn’t matter what she thinks.” 
“You’re right. She’s such a nobody. I’m sure you don’t concern yourself with the likes of her.” Avril said 
with a smile as she stared at Bonnie. 
Chapter 387 
Bonnie felt a little uneasy by her stares. She stopped whatever she was doing and looked at Avril. “Just speak your mind, Avril. Stop buttering me up and looking at me this strangely.” 
“That’s why you’re awesome. You can tell at first glance that I’ve something bothering me.” Avril 
a thumbs up. 
gave her. 
“Go ahead.” 
“Ahem.” Avril cleared her throat and leaned closer. “I might not have made any noteworthy contribution to the world of scientific research, but I want to see what the best research institute in Arvandor looks 
like. 
“Um… Do you think you can show me around the place? I promise you, Bonnie. I won’t stir up any trouble 
there.” 
Bonnie burst out laughing. “Here I am, thinking it was something huge. It’s nothing worth mentioning at 
all.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong. It’s not worth mentioning in your eyes, but it’s a big deal among the average citizen. Almost everyone in Arvandor–no, the entire world, knows who Ms. Bonita is!” 
At that moment, Natalee came over. Lifting her chin, she said, “One of you skipped classes quite frequently while the other has the lowest grades. How do you have the face to be discussing about Ms. 
Bonita?” 
Avril couldn’t stand Natalee’s arrogance. “What’s it to you? Why are you such a busybody?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 388
Chapter 388 
1/2 
“So, what if I’m a busybody? I idolize Ms. Bonita. She was the heroine in a classic underdog story. She relied on nothing but her commitment and talents to attain the marvelous achievement she has today. 
“You guys, however… Heh! I can’t stand people who don’t take their studies seriously, such as you. You simply don’t have the right to talk about Ms. Bonita anytime you want!” 
Avril parted her lips. It took her several seconds to take it all in. Then, she turned around and looked at Bonnie. She wasn’t sure how to respond because Bonnie’s face showed no hints of frustration. 
“Has the cat got your tongue? Is it because you have nothing to say to defend yourselves? Figures. It’s the 
truth, anyway.” Natalee said arrogantly. 
“Why do you insist on being a pain in our butts, Natalee? Is it because you wrongly accused Bonnie of stealing Rene’s necklace and got humiliated eventually? Are you trying to regain your pride because you’re pissed off by what happened last time?” 
Avril’s words hit home. 
Natalee’s face turned red from rage. It got worse when she stole a glance at Bonnie and discovered that the latter didn’t even bat an eye at her. Instead, Bonnie was paging through her book while looking slightly 
bored. 
‘She doesn’t even see me as a threat! Wait a minute. Why can’t I understand the book in her hand? 
‘Is the book in Italonia? Does she understand it? Is she just trying to look cool?‘ 
“Heh!” Natalee raised her voice and snorted. “Just how pretentious are you, Bonnie? That book is in Italonian. Who are you trying to fool here?” 
She succeeded in drawing the rest of the class’s attention to Bonnie. All of them cast a glance at the book in Bonnie’s hands. Even Avril looked at it, too. It was, indeed, in Italonian. She didn’t even realize it 
until now. 
“What is that, Bonnie?” 
“It’s ‘The Decameron“> 
“Is that what it is? Can you… 
“Can you understand it?‘ Avril almost blurted it out before she clamped her mouth shut. 
‘Bonnie’s the nation’s leading researcher, not to mention a badass. She developed the latest 
nanomaterial. How is an Italonian book supposed to stump her?‘ 
“She couldn’t have understood it!” Natalee didn’t believe that Bonnie was that good. “She’s just putting up an act. Can’t you tell? I’ll swallow the book if she really understands it.” 
Bonnie raised her delicate eyes slowly, revealing a little frustration in them. Then, she held the book up and read its contents out loud in fluent Italonian. 
Chapter 388 
2/2 
Her classmates didn’t understand Italonian, but It was evident she wasn’t speaking gibberish. After all, her accent was just so on point! Every enunciation sounded like music to their ears. 
She finished reading an excerpt and handed the book to Natalee. 
“You’re going to eat it now, Right? Here. It’s my treat. Don’t be shy.” 
Natalee’s face turned red from rage. 
“Eat it!” She pushed the book inches closer to Natalee and raised her voice. 
Natalee felt the stares from everyone and was on the verge of tears. 
Then, Rene said, “Stop picking on her, Bonnie. We’re all friends. Why do you have to be like this?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 389
Chapter 389 
“Are you sure your eyes are working right? Natalee came over here to fight with me. Then, she offered to make a deal. Nobody forced her at all. Don’t you think she picked on me?” Bonnie said mockingly. 
Rene was stumped a little. “But, she…” 
“What is it? Are you going to say we’re classmates?! Am I supposed to forgive her unquestioningly? Should I have become the bigger person even if she slaughtered my entire family and desecrated my 
ancestors‘ tombstone? After all, we’re classmates. Right? 
“Are you trying to say I don’t love my classmates if I don’t forgive her?” Bonnie said dryly. 
“1. Um…” Rene couldn’t think of anything to say. 
Bonnie continued leisurely, “Explain something to me like a three–year–old kid. Why didn’t Natalee apply your logic and show her classmate some love earlier? Why did she viciously attack me like that? Don’t you think she’s the first to neglect to love her classmate? 
“How does this work, exactly? Why can’t I defend myself when she picks on me? Come on now, Rene. You’ve always seemed nice and easygoing, which is why everyone was quite fond of you. I didn’t know you were this unreasonable and despicable.” 
The other classmates heard what Bonnie said and turned their gaze onto Rene. 
All of them initially thought she was this soft, understanding lady. Now, however, it seemed like they gave 
her too much credit.. 
On the other hand, Rene could feel the disdainful look of her fellow students, as if they were already 
keeping a distance from her. She got panicked. 
“Bah! You’re just vicious, Bonnie! Rene’s such a nice girl, yet you spoke harshly to her. I see what you’re doing. You’re trying to drive a wedge between her and everyone else.” Natalee roared furiously. 
Bonnie straight up hurled the book at her and said. “Swallow it.” 
Natalee shut up immediately. 
She raised her eyebrows and said, “I was going to spare you, but now… You have to swallow it. Otherwise, you’ll suffer the same fate as Trina.” 
Natalee wasn’t even fazed by what she said. “Wh–who do you think you are? What makes you think your can just expel me as you see fit? Are you the university president?” 
Coldness traced her eyes, and she said faintly, “I’m your worst nightmare.” 
At this moment, her patience had come to an end. 
“I’m going to count to three/If you don’t swallow the book, 
you’ll be expelled.” 
“Hahaha…” Holding her belly, Natalee laughed maniacally. “Did you hear it, everyone? I’ve seen a lot of bluffs in my time, but this one has got to take the cake. 
Chapte 389 
22 
“Goodness, Gracious! This one’s hit my funny bone. Good job, Bonnie. I almost bought it.” 
The rest of the classmates burst out laughing as well. 
“Look at her go. I would’ve thought she was about to become the university president if I didn’t know 
better.” 
any 
“I just don’t get it. She’s such a good–looking girl, but why does she talk that nastily? Sheesh! What a 
waste.” 
“You said it. To be frank, I would’ve been with the fact that she was a good–for–nothing. What matters most for a lady is that she looks beautiful. I didn’t want to admit this, but I probably would’ve hit on her if she wasn’t so nasty and had a sharp tongue.” 
“Me too. Hehehe…” 
Avril couldn’t hold herself back anymore. “You guys are the ones who are nasty. What did Bonnie do to offend you? Do you have to talk about her like that?” 
“It’s okay, Avril. We don’t have to bother ourselves with a bunch of clowns.” Reaching out, Bonnie stopped 
her and looked at Natalee again. 
“Three.” 
‘Is she seriously counting down now? 
“Heh!” Natalee smirked and looked at Bonnie disdainfully. 
“Two.” 
“Keep going! Keep going, I said! Let’s see how you’re going to expel me today?” 
“One.” 
At the next moment, Bonnie pulled out her phone. 
Then, the school counselor stepped into the lecture hall and said, “The university president’s looking for you, Natalee.” 
“What? The university president’s looking for me?” Natalee seriously thought she had misheard the 
counselor. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 390
Chapter 390 
‘I’m just an ordinary university student. Why would the president of Pyralis University be looking for me?” 
“What are you waiting for?” The school counselor cried out when she realized that Natalee was frozen to the spot. 
“C–Coming.” Natalee came back to her senses and followed the school counselor. She mocked Bonnie when she brushed past her. “You’ve counted to three, but I’m still a student here. You’ve achieved nothing. but embarrass yourself. 
“Here’s some free advice for you, Bonnie. Stop pretending as if you’re some big shot around here. Karma’s going to bite you in the butt eventually. How shameful!” 
“Why, you…” Avril had just taken a step after her when Bonnie held her back. “She has gotten on my nerves! Let me go, Bonnie. I can’t stand her anymore!” 
Bonnie watched as Natalee left. She pondered briefly before slowly saying, “I think I know why she’s 
summoned to the president’s office.” 
“Huh?” Avril was very curious about it. 
Bonnie gave it to her straight. “He did it for me.” 
“Say what now?” 
Avril was confused by her answer. 
“If I didn’t know what she’s capable of, I would’ve thought she was making a bland joke.” 
However, she stared at Bonnie for a long time and realized the latter was wearing a severe expression. Slowly but surely, it dawned on her, and her jaw dropped further by the second. 
“Rumor has it that our university president has found someone to take over his position. A–Are you that the person he’s talking about?” 
Bonnie got a headache the moment Natalee brought this up. 
“Russell is such a pain in the butt. I’ve repeatedly turned him down, but he insists I take over his position. The research institute had taken up a lot of my time. I can’t oversee Pyralis University, too.” 
Avril took a sharp breath. At that moment, she had no words to describe her feelings. 
On the other side, Natalee had just arrived at the president’s office when she realized the president was looking at her sternly. 
She felt a chill down her spine. 
‘Did I break the university rules? Let’s assume that I did, but does it warrant the president himself to deal with me? There are so many students in this university. How’s he supposed to do it if he has to handle every student issue?‘ 
Chapter 390 
“Are you Natalee Walsh?” Russell might’ve been old, but the air of authority about him was unmistakable. 
She trembled a little before she responded, “Y–Yes, sir.” 
“You’re expelled.” 
His words struck her like a thunderbolt, shocking her to the core. 
“W–Why are you expelling me, sir? I’ve been good, and I’ve never done anything to break the rules! Why are you doing this? Don’t you think you owe me a reason, sir?” 
– fellow stu 
“You picked on and failed to show respect to your university. How about that?” 
‘Pick on my fellow student?’ At the next moment, Bonnie’s image flashed in her mind. Then, she also thought about what happened earlier. ‘Is this about Bonnie? How did the university president find out about it, though? 
‘Also, what are the odds that the school counselor came to the lecture hall right after my fight with 
Bonnie?‘ 
‘Wait a minute!‘ 
“I’ll admit that I did have some squabbles with Bonnie, but I won’t admit that I disrespected the 
university!” 
‘I didn’t even offend any other students, much less professors. I just don’t like Bonnie. That’s all.” 
Pulling a document from his drawer, he said, “This is the official approval for appointing the next university president.” 
Natalee stared as he gave her the document, confused about what she should do now. 
Russell gestured at her, and she took it and read it. 
She was so shocked the next moment that her eyes almost popped out. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 391
Chapter 391 
“Wh–why would the paper have Bonnie’s name on it? Is it someone else with the same name? Yeah! That has to be it. Is this a different person who’s also named Bonnie?” 
Natalee’s voice grew weaker towards the end of her sentence when she realized how solemn the 
university president looked. 
Slowly but surely, she looked more and more miserable. Then, she staggered and fell on the floor. 
Her mind traveled back to what Bonnie told her. 
‘She said she could expel me anytime she saw fit. Then, there’s Trina. She also picked a fight with Bonnie.‘ 
She wasn’t sure if she could cry or laugh about this disaster. 
“Who would’ve f*** known that Bonnie’s the next university president?! Who in their right mind would 
even think about something like this?” 
She felt she could throw her head back and howl at the sky. 
Natalee’s classmates had been waiting for her return for a long time, and she was finally back. After all, they were very curious about why the university president summoned an ordinary student like her. 
To their surprise, Natalee looked ashen. 
“What happened to her? She looked like her mom had just passed away. 
“You said it. What in the world happened? Why isn’t she saying anything?” 
The gossiping students kept throwing around guesses, trying to figure out what happened to Natalee. 
Avril, who knew the truth, felt superior to the others. “What else could it be? She’s expelled, of course.” 
“What nonsense are you talking about, Avril? Why would she be expelled for no good reason? You’re just nasty and want bad things to happen to her.” Some of the classmates spoke up for Natalee. 
“Why was she expelled? Why, it happened before our very eyes a while ago. Did it slip your mind already?” 
“Hahaha. Are you talking about the deal Bonnie made with Natalee?” 
“Exactly!” 
All of them couldn’t help but roll their eyes at her. 
Everyone was debating over the truth when Natalee came before Bonnie. Taking a deep breath, the former bowed deeply at Bonnie with all eyes on them. 
“I’m sorry, Bonnie. I should’ve known better than to pick a fight with you. I mean, I did do it on purpose.” 
Silence hung over the lecture hall. 
Everyone was shocked! 
Chapter 391 
212 
They were so baffled by Natalee’s actions that they began questioning their worldview. It took them several seconds to come to their senses, and started muttering again. 
“What fresh hell is this? Are my eyes deceiving me? I think I just saw Natalee apologizing to Bonnie. Moreover, she apologized to her properly, even giving a bow and everything. Wh–what’s going on here?” 
One stunned classmate stiffly said, “Your eyes are working fine. You’re just dreaming. We’re all sharing the same dream about the whole thing.” 
Natalee was still bowing to Bonnie. She was biting her lips, and her eyes turned red. 
Bonnie glanced at her condescendingly and nonchalantly. 
“Did you find out about it?” 
1 did! I know everything now. I’m sorry! I mean it! I can’t be expelled. My family struggled financially and 
had to take up jobs to support my tuition fees. 
“It wasn’t easy for me to get into Pyralis University. How can I look them in the eyes if I’m expelled? What am I supposed to tell my parents?” 
Natalee was shaken by the thought of it so much that she could just kill herself. 
Bonnie merely stared at her calmly. 
“You come from a modest family, and you represent their hopes. Maybe you should’ve spent more time studying instead of always picking fights with your fellow students. 
“Did you 
think you’ll have your pick of jobs because you’re going to graduate from Pyralis University? You couldn’t be more wrong if you think that’s how it works.” 
>Celebrate World Book Day! Unlock amazing gift now! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 392
Chapter 392 
“Of course, you’d have your pick of specific jobs, but what about the best companies? Have you thought about working in one of the top five hundred companies in the world? For that matter, have you thought about making something of yourself? 
“Did you think the university was the end of your academic life? Well, news flash, Natalee. Pyralis University is just the beginning of your life. You’ll have to work harder than you’re doing now if you want to 
succeed.” 
Tears flowed down Natalee’s chin, and fell to the floor. She hung her head and said, “I’ll hold onto your words dearly, Bonnie. Trust that I’ve seen the error of my ways. I won’t do this again. I’ll stop wasting my time and my life. Instead, I’ll focus on my studies. 
Bonnie nodded satisfyingly. “It’s important that we learn from our mistakes, and you did just that. Fine. I’ll give you another chance. I hope you’ll cherish it.” 
“Thank you! Thank you!” Natalee was so happy that she shed tears of joy and then cried even harder. 
The rest of the classmates were stunned by what they saw. 
The way Bonnie talked to her was nothing like when fellow students talked. It was more like a teacher lecturing a student. 
Russell was watching the entire thing through the footage. Raising his hand, he stroked his beard. 
“I knew I had the right person in mind. Bonnie is perfect for taking over my position.” 
It wasn’t about Bonnie’s talents so much as it was about her character. 
Once their classes ended, Avril pulled Bonnie away and ran toward the entrance. 
“Why are you in such a hurry?” 
“How could I not? You promised to take me to the research institute. No one can contain the excitement!” 
Bonnie chuckled and shook her head. “I feel I need to remind you. No photographs.” 
“Geez. Do you think I’m that much of a fool? This is Bonita Research Institute, the most advanced research facility in Arvandor. You guys study the most essential things in the world. 
“With that in mind, why would I take pictures? I wouldn’t even dare do something like that.” Avril said as she pulled Bonnie into the car. They had just gotten in when Flynn squeezed into the car as well. 
“What are you doing here?” Avril said, exasperated. 
“Hehe!” He flashed them a smile and said to Bonnie, “Can you give me a tour of your research institute as well?” 
“What makes you think she should bring you along? Not only are we best friends, but my mother is her godmother. Bonnie loves my mother deeply, too. 
Chapter 397 
“My point is that we’re like family. So, it’s okay for me to go. Perhaps you should kill your time somewhere far, far away.” Avril straight up asked him to leave. 
That riled him up. “Ivor is my cousin. She’s something of a sister–in–law to me. I’m her family, for real. What makes you think I’m an outsider?” 
“Come on They aren’t even a couple now. Stop pretending to be her family and get out of the car.” Avril gripped his clothes and pulled him out of the car. 
“Try repeating what you said in front of Ivor.” He gripped the top of the car and wouldn’t let go. 
“Ivor gets jealous at the slightest stuff. Do I look like a fool who’d say it before him? Cut your crap and get 
out of the car.” 
Tried as she might, but she couldn’t yank him away. Then, she looked at Bonnie angrily. 
“Look at him, Bonnie…” 
“Let him come,” Bonnie said casually. 
“Thank you, Bonnie!” He yelled out of excitement. 
Turning around, she gave her a sidelong glance and said, “I’m not your sister–in–law.” 
“Take her advice, Flynn. Stop saying she’s your sister–in–law!” Avril growled. 
Flynn ignored her and flashed Bonnie another smile. “Alright, I’ll listen to everything you say, Bonnie. After all, you’re my sister–in–law.” 
Bonnie didn’t know what to say for a second there. 
“I notice a common trait among the men in the Knight family. All of you are shameless.” 
“Guilty as charged.” He nodded. “With that said, there’s another scarier common trait you didn’t know.” 
“What’s that?” Avril asked, curious. 
Bonnie was a little curious, too. 
“All men in the Knight family get jealous easily and love their wives to the death!” Flynn said proudly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 393
Chapter 393 
Bonnie and Avril were speechless. 
I’m just at a loss for words. Is this something to be proud of?” Avril said. 
“Why, of course! The fact is that it’s all up to the men if their family is going to have some peace and harmony. The family will be chaotic if the man doesn’t respect his wife. 
“However, if the man doted on his better half, his family would be surrounded by peace. This is an old family saying that’s stuck with the Knights for generations.” 
Avril might’ve felt speechless, but she couldn’t help but think that Flynn made a fine point. 
Half an hour later, they arrived at the research institute. 
Bonnie had just taken a few steps when she turned around and realized both were rooted to the spot. 
“Aren’t you guys here to see the institute? What are you waiting for?” 
“You don’t get it, Bonnie. This is a solemn, almost sacred moment for me. I have to offer up a prayer before I walk inside. Otherwise, I would be disrespecting the research institute. As far as I’m concerned, this is hallowed ground.” With that, Avril brought her hands together and started praying. 
Then, she said, “Amen.” 
Her lips twitched a little. “This is a research institute, not a church.” 
“Avril has a point, Bonnie. We have to show this place the respect it deserves.” Looking solemn, he clasped his hands and bowed. Then, he bowed a second and third time. 
Bonnie’s lips twitched again. ‘Should I just help them set up an altar or something?” 
“Hey, I’m going inside now.” 
“Alright. We’re done. Wait for us.” 
Not long after, Avril and Flynn went into the world–renowned research institute. Both of them acted like a couple of bumpkins stepping foot into the city for the first time and swept their eyes across the place, as 
curious as a cat. 
“Dang! Isn’t this the latest scanner? They’re costly! I can’t believe there are so many of them here!” Flynn made a beeline to the scanner he talked about and got all excited. 
On the other hand, Avril saw one of the old professors buried in his work. Her eyes sparkled immediately. 
“Is that Professor Jamie Harper? He won a Material Science Award. Hey, that’s Professor Riley Chambers. She won an International Science Award. Professor Charlie Knowles is here, too. He’s awesome. He won a lot of awards, too. Moreover, he skipped grades constantly and made a name for himself when he was twenty.” 
Her voice was too loud and irritated one of the old professors. 
Chapter 393 
2/2 
“Who’s making a ruckus and disrupting us?” 
Shocked, Avril covered her mouth. I’m a dead woman. They’re the world’s greatest scientists, and I’ve 
offended them.” 
Jamie turned around and looked at her displeasingly. He was about to say something when he saw Bonnie, who was standing next to her, and he immediately adopted an altogether different attitude. 
“Greetings, Ms. Bonita! I’ve finished the task you entrusted me. You’ll find the report in your office.” 
“Okay, Good work.” Bonnie nodded in approval. 
Jamie was overjoyed to hear it. “Just doing my duty, Ms. Bonita.” 
“I’ll leave you to it.” She waved at him. 
“Alright. I’ll tend to my experiments at once.” 
Avril watched as Jamie left at Bonnie’s instruction, and she remembered how prominent he was in the science industry. Of course, she knew about Bonnie’s real identity, but she couldn’t wrap her head around how much of a badass the latter was right now. 
The prominent professors respectfully greeted Bonnie while the duo went to Bonnie’s office. Avril wast 
stunned the entire walk. 
She had always known Bonita was this remarkably prestigious character who stood at the world’s top. So, she had nothing but respect and admiration for the nation’s leading researcher, 
Ever since she found out that Bonnie was, in fact, Bonita, she was all the more surprised. At times, she 
still couldn’t believe it. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 394
Chapter 394 
Avril saw Bonnie doing exceptionally well in her expertise. She also noticed the old, prominent professors‘ respect toward the latter. That was when she truly understood just how incredible her best friend was! 
Flynn shared her sentiment. He could feel more of what she was feeling now because he tried to kidnap Bonnie once. The moment when the tanks and helicopters showed up was so traumatic that it was 
seared into his memories. 
“I’m going to buy dinner later, Bonnie. Go ahead and eat anything you want!” 
Bonnie turned around and looked at Avril. “Should we take his offer?” 
“Of course! We have to go. We’d be fools if we didn’t eat a free meal.” 
Flynn’s parents, Gunnar and Sydney, were chatting with a company CEO in a coffee shop adjacent to the 
Bonita Research Institute. 
“Is your son coming back to Arvandor, Dominick?” She asked. 
“That’s right. This son of mine has been wasting his time for a while now. It’s about time he comes back and takes over my company. 
“Does he have a girlfriend?” 
It didn’t take a genius to know what she was getting at. 
“Are you going to recommend someone to him?” 
“I like that you go straight to business, Dominick. I have a niece who’s just twenty–one years old, and she came from a prestigious family, too. She’s well–versed in music, chess, painting, and more. 
“Needless to say, your family, the Shermans, is reputable as well. I think it’s a good match. How about we set up an old–fashioned blind date for the young fellows?” 
Dominick rubbed the side of his head, feeling a slight headache. 
“I don’t think I can make that kind of call. He doesn’t like artistic ladies. He’s looking for someone good at cooking, intelligent, and pretty. Moreover, he loves it when a lady knows her way around a fight and commands an imposing air.” 
“Gee…” Sydney parted her lips a little. “I–I’m not sure if you can find such a perfect, all–rounded lady. Dominick. Are you sure such a person exists in the world?” 
“Don’t get me started! I don’t even know where to begin! My son’s already twenty–five years old and has been single for as long as he has lived. He practically gave me a head full of grey hair. Frankly, he went overseas searching for one such lady.” 
His headache grew worse the more he spoke about it. 
Suddenly, he saw a young lady from across the road, and his eyes sparkled. “What a beautiful lady! She’s like an angel from heaven. I wonder how’s her cooking?” 
Chapter 
22 
Gunnar and Sydney got curious and looked at the lady he was staring at. 
At first glance, they discovered that the lady’s beauty was beyond this world. Then, they realized 
something. 
Isn’t that Bonnie? Also, why’s Flynn walking behind her?” 
Dominick scanned her from head to toe, his eyes full of adoration. “She’s standing quite far away, but I can sense she’s quite a tough lady! 
“It’s a shame, though. She looked so frail and defenseless that a strong wind could’ve blown her away. I don’t think my son would’ve liked her, after all.” 
Someone charged at Flynn and snatched his phone before bolting. Bonnie saw it and took off after him at a frightening speed. She quickly caught up to the thief and pinned him to the ground. 
“Splendid! She’s both beautiful and powerful! She’s the one. I’ve found my future daughter–in–law!” Dominick said and made to go after Bonnie. 
“Hold your horses, Dominick.” Sydney looked a little uneasy. She tried to keep it together, but it was hard for her. 
“I have to hurry on over. Otherwise, I’m going to miss out on such a fine daughter–in–law. My ancestors had only ever had one son. I finally managed to have a couple of them, but my youngest son was stolen from me when he was just born. 
“Sigh. Let’s drop this sad topic. My eldest son is the only one who could carry on the Sherman family’s lineage. The universe has finally shown us mercy and given me such a perfect daughter–in–law. I will miss this golden opportunity if I don’t grasp it right now.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 395
Chapter 395 
Dominick couldn’t wait any longer and dashed out of the coffee shop. 
Sydney and Gunnar swapped glances before they took off after them. “Don’t go over there, Dominick. Sh 
she’s Bonniel 
Hmm?” Dominick stopped, turned around, and looked at the married couple. “Do you guys know her?” 
“She’s a good–for–nothing who got disowned by the Shepards.” 
“So, she’s the infamous Bonnie!” Dominick was mildly surprised. Then, his eyes were filled with. 
admiration as he glanced at the young lady. 
“Everyone keeps saying she’s a good–for–nothing, but she got into Pyralis University and won the Best Scholar Award. If my family had one such good–for–nothing, then my ancestors would’ve smiled upon us 
from heaven. 
“Save your breath, guys. She’s immensely talented, beautiful, and a powerful fighter. This is the chance of a lifetime! The universe must’ve taken pity on us, Shermans, and granted us a gift in the shape of a 
perfect lady.” 
He had made up his mind. He would dote on his daughter–in–law if she married into his family. 
Realizing that Dominick walked away again, Gunnar pulled his arm again. “You’ve got to listen to me, Dominick. Not only was she disowned by the Shepards, but she was also Ivor’s fiancé.” 
“What?!” That shocked Dominick to his core. Turning around, he looked at Gunnar with widened eyes. “1–Is 
she the fiancé Sigmund found for Ivor?” 
“That’s right.” 
“Oh, so that’s how it is. That settles it, then.” Dominick patted his chest gratefully. Wasn’t their engagement supposed to last for a month? It’s been way longer than that now. Moreover, it was called 
off. So, it’ll be fine.” 
“The engagement has been called off, but Ivor fell in love with her and doted on her very much.” 
Now, this got Dominick rooted to the spot. 
“Isn’t it true that your nephew isn’t very interested in ladies? Rumor has it that he was actually into dudes. What made him change his mind?” 
“That’s something we’re dying to know, too.” 
Dominick was stunned for a couple of seconds before he rested his gaze on Bonnie, who had walked far away from him before he glanced at Flynn. 
“Eh? A little birdie also told me that your son was kicked out of Pyralis because of her. Shouldn’t he hate her guts? But why does he walk behind her, acting like he was her henchman?” 
He had just said it when he saw Bonnie reaching out and knocking Flynn in the head. Then, the latter 
chuckled, looking as happy as ever. 
The sight of it had all three of them stunned. 
“I–Is that your son? Isn’t he quite cocky most of the time?” Dominick thought he no longer knew who Flynn. 
was. 
He wasn’t clone because even Gunnar and Sydney thought the same thing. 
“I don’t think that’s our son. Let’s just leave.” 
Bonnie was having dinner in the hotel when she heard a commotion at the entrance. 
“Open your 
eyes and look at this fine establishment. This is a five–star hotel. How do you figure it’s okay to beg for money at a place like this? 
“Ew. Your clothes are downright filthy. Get the heck out of here! You’re scaring our customers away. I will have you kicked out if you do not cooperate!” The security guard looked at the beggar fiercely and roared. 
The boy was six years old. Holding out a cracked bowl, the boy looked pitiful and said, “Please, sir. Show some kindness. My grandpa’s heavily ill, and he’s about to die. 
“All he wants is to have some nice food before he moves on to a better place. That’s why I’m here. I beg you. I’ll take whatever leftover you have.” 
“I said, get the heck out of here. Do you hear me?!” The security guard shoved the young boy hard. The boy staggered and fell to the ground. 
“What do you think you’re doing?!” Bonnie angrily dashed to the entrance and helped the boy up. 
“Are you okay? Did he hurt you?” 
Raising his arm, he noticed it was scraped on the ground. There was some blood seeping out from the 
wound, too. 
Bonnie’s face grew grim. Shooting the security guard with a cold, brutal glare, she said, “He’s just a kid. It’s bad enough that you lack any sort of sympathy and refuse to give him some food, but you made it worse by shoving him so savagely. 
“I take it back–a lack of sympathy isn’t your issue. You downright lack what makes us human.” 
The security guard was embarrassed. “I–It’s part of the job description. I have no choice but to oblige it. 
“Job description? Alright. Tell me, then. Does your hotel have a rule saying you must shove a kid?” She was gripped with an intense rage. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 396
Chapter 396 
“U–Um…” 
Flynn walked over and sald, “Why are you stuttering?! I’ll tell the hotel to fire you immediately.” 
The security guard recognized him. He fell on his knees at once. “I’m sorry, Mr. Flynn. Please, have mercy 
on me!” 
Elvan didn’t Flynn 
even bat an eye at him. Instead, he looked at the hotel manager and said, “Tell the hotel owner I’m firing this security guard on his behalf.” 
“That’s not necessary, Mr. Flynn. You can fire whoever you see fit.” The manager said, trying to gain favor 
with him. 
The security guard slumped onto the floor. He had lost his job in the blink of an eye. 
“I’m fine, miss. This is just some minor bleeding. I’ve survived worse wounds than this one.” Holding up 
his cracked bowl, he looked at her with reddened eyes. 
“My grandpa’s dying, miss. His last wish is to have some nice food. Can I please have some of your 
leftovers?” 
Turning her head sideways, she looked at the hotel manager. “Prepare several takeouts and give it to him. 
Put it on my tab.” 
“Alright. I’ll relay your orders to the kitchen right away.” 
“T–Thank you, miss! Allow me to get down on my knees to thank you properly.” The young boy was about 
to kneel when she pulled him up. 
“You’re a man. You shouldn’t get down on your knee unless it’s an emergency.” 
“Okay. Roger that, miss! I’ll keep that in mind.” 
Avril stepped forward and took her arms. “Let’s go back to our dinner. The dishes are going cold.” 
“Sure.” 
“Buzz buzz buzz…” She was getting a phone call. 
It was Ivor. 
“Have you had dinner?” 
“I’m in the middle of it. How about you?” 
He was somewhat disappointed when he heard her response. “I had just finished my work and was about 
to invite you for dinner.” 
“Oh, you’re welcome to join us. It just so happens that Avril and Flynn are here, too.” 
Flynn almost dropped his utensils at that. A moment later, he raised his voice and looked at her phone 
Chapte 396 
fearfully. 
“Do you want to talk to him? Sure. I’ll pass him the phone.” She said and handed it over to Flynn, 
Sway 
He looked at the phone the way he would a live grenade. 
“H–Hello? Is there anything I can do for you, Ivor?” 
“You scem to be quite close to her now. I keep noticing you showing up beside her.” 
203 
‘Holy hell… Flynn took a sharp breath internally. Then, he had an idea and said hastily, “I’m just worried that someone might kidnap Bonnie. So, I’m keeping her safe on your behalf.” 
“Acceptable. Good work, Flynn.” Ivor nodded in approval. 
He hadn’t hung up his phone for over a few seconds before Ged dashed into his office. 
“Dinner tonight?” 
“That’s a no. I’m going to look for her.” 
Ged’s lips twitched immediately. “Will he give me a break? Did he have to make me feel bad about being single when he sees me?” 
“It looks like things are going well between the two of you. Come on, give me a straight answer. What 
have you guys been doing now?” 
“We got to first base,” Ivor responded proudly. 
“Uh… Damn it! Did it take you this long just to hold her hand? How long will it take before you guys get to 
home base?!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 397
Chapter 397 
Ged was at a loss for words. 
Then, he said, “Bonnie’s such an extraordinary lady, Ivor. There’s going to be countless guys trying to win her heart I think there’s a good chance she has as many guys hitting on her as you do from ladies. 
“She might have more people hitting on her than you do. If you keep moving at a snail’s pace, someone else might win her heart. I heard that Dominick’s eldest son is returning from overseas soon. I think you know him better than I do. 
“After all, you guys used to be the closest friends back in the day. Although he’s completely different from you in terms of character, and he’s a bit of an airhead, he likes the same thing you do. 
“You guys are practically the same regarding tastes and preferences! To make matters worse, he’s exceptionally stunning and is very good at making people like him. What will you do if he returns and falls 
in love with her?” 
Ivor’s hands, which were holding a ballpen, clutched it tighter instinctively. 
“Bonnie doesn’t like guys like that.” 
“You can’t be sure about that! Bonnie might’ve been a mature lady, much like you are, but what do they 
say about people loving their opposites? She just might have a thing for men like Thaddeus Sherman.” 
“Crack!” Ivor snapped the ballpen in half. 
Ged stopped speaking immediately. Clearing his throat, he said, “Ahem. Well. You did spend a longer time 
with Bonnie, after all. You do have that in your cards. You probably stand a bigger chance of winning her 
heart 
“How about this? I will show you a move to help you get to home base tonight.” 
Ivor relaxed a little when he heard it. 
“What is it?” 
“You’ll s*** her. She won’t know what hit her. Ask her out for a swim tonight. If memory serves me 
right, you have a villa with a pool. Take her there, s*** yourself n***, and throw yourself to her.” 
Ged found his idea thrilling, but Ivor was frowning when he turned and looked at him. 
“What’s the matter? Don’t you think it’s a swell idea? I think it’s the perfect plan!” 
Pursing his lips, Ivor said, “What you said reminded me of what Bonnie told me.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“We’ve just gotten our certificates then. I told her not to intervene in my personal life or even try to s*** me. Then, she told me I could stuff it because she wouldn’t bat an eye at me even if I got n***.” 
For a second there, Ged wasn’t sure what to say. 
Chame: 397 
212 
“This is your fault. Why do you have to be this nasty back then? Great job, Ivor. You could’ve won her heart 
with my amazing plan.” 
“Are you forgetting something? You were ten times harsher than I was back then.” Ivor retorted and said…. 
Ged parted her lips. Every bad thing he said about Bonnie was flashing in his mind now. How he wished he could slap himself now. 
The night rolled on. 
Bonnie and Ivor arrived at his villa in a car. 
“Just what kind of a surprise did you prepare for me?” 
Half an hour ago, Ivor took her away abruptly and said he had a surprise for her. 
“You’ll find out,” he said, trying to lure her in. Then, he opened the car door for her. 
Bewildered, she walked into the villa. 
The first thing she saw was the pool when she got inside. It was brimming with rose petals. She was at a 
loss for words. 
“I–Is this the surprise you got for me?” 
“I noticed you loved swimming the last time we went to the beach. So, I made some arrangements.” 
This was all Ged’s ideas. 
Crouching, she reached into the pool and scooped up a handful of rose petals. “The pool is so huge. How many roses did you use for this?” 
“Oh, it’s nothing. I bought all the roses from every florist in ten blocks.” 
She didn’t know what to say to that. 
“Come on. I prepared a swimsuit for you. Go ahead and change into it.” Then, he realized she was still frozen to the spot. So, he reached out, gave her a gentle shove, and led her to the fitting room. 
“Relax. I picked normal swimsuits for you.” 
She felt helpless as she was led into the fitting room, and once she went inside, she was stunned yet 
again. 
There were swimsuits as far as the eyes could see. There had got to be at least eight hundred pieces of 
swimsuits here. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 398
Chapter 398 
No one was in the pool when she got changed and came out. 
“Where’s Ivor? Is he still changing? I thought he was just putting on his swimming trunks. I’ll just dive into the pool. I can’t take the rose petals, but I’d be lying if I said I hated flowers. If this is what he prepared for me, I might as well see how it feels so the roses won’t go to waste.‘ 
After she got into the pool, she scooped some water and rose petals and poured them on herself. 
Woah. This is something else.” 
“Huh? It’s been such a long time. Why isn’t he here yet?” 
That was when she heard a loud splash. The next moment, a head full of rose petals broke the water’s 
surface. 
Out of pure instinct, she clenched her fist and pounded it like she would a whac–a–mole. 
“Argh…” The painful grunt sounded familiar. 
Her eyes widened in response. However, he was already whacked back into the water and sank to the bottom by the time she knew what was happening. 
“Ivor!” 
She yelled out his name but received no response. She knew how strong her fists were. Without a moment’s delay, she took a breath and dived into the water. 
He had already sunk to the bottom when she reached him. 
It was a life–or–death situation. So, she did mouth–to–mouth breathing the moment she wrapped her hands 
around him. Then, she brought him up to the surface. 
Pulling him out of the pool, she realized he was in a comatose state. 
“Ivor! Wake up, Ivor!” 
Nothing she did could rouse him from his coma. She was very panicked now. Running her hand across his head, she realized it was swollen. 
‘I have to save him now. If I let this drag on for too long, he might lose his memories or become a blabbering fool, even if I managed to save him.” 
Reaching out, she pressed on his chest with her fingers rhythmically. 
Not long after, he threw up a mouthful of pool water and came to. 
She sighed in relief and asked, “How are you feeling?” 
“Cough cough…” He coughed a little and sat up. 
She saw it and immediately helped him up. “Why aren’t you responding to me? How do you feel?” 
The next moment, she realized he looked at her as if he didn’t recognize her. 
Her heart skipped a beat. 
“Are you… 
“Who are you?” 
As soon as he said it, she was dumbfounded. Then, she scanned him from head to toe. ‘Did he lose his memory for real?” 
“Do you not remember me?” 
Raising his hand, he rubbed his forehead. Then, his brows knitted tightly. He looked like someone doing his best to recall his memories but couldn’t. 
“Take it easy. I think you lost your memories as a result of a blunt force, but it’s just temporary. You’ll get them back in a few days.” She would take him to the hospital and do a full scan. 
‘After all, this is his brain we’re talking about here. I couldn’t check it just by looking at it. I’ll need the equipment in the hospital.” 
“Okay.” He nodded slightly. 
“Here. Let me help you get back to your room.” She guided him back. 
Not long after, she was tucking him into bed. “Get some sleep.” 
‘Man, I feel so guilty. However, I’m not the only one to be blamed here. I thought a thug snuck into the 
place and was about to sneak up on me.” 
She was in her thoughts when Ivor suddenly pulled her to the bed. The next thing she knew, he had her 
binned beneath him. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 399
Chapter 399 
At the next moment, Bonnie’s eyes widened with rage. She asked coldly, “Are you tricking me?” 
Ivor panicked when he saw her reaction. “I was just trying to spook you.” 
Bonnie huffed and balled her fists. After a couple of seconds of silence, she shoved him aside 
aggressively. “I can’t stand it when people lie to my face.” 
“I’m sorry. I was just-” 
“That’s enough. I don’t want to hear it. Do you think it’s funny trying to play me for a fool? Well, I think it’s 
childish!” 
Slipping out of bed, she straightened up her swimsuit and left without glancing at him. 
“Bonnie!” He panted lightly, took off after her, and held her waist. 
“I know I’m childish. I shouldn’t have resorted to getting your love and concern this way. Now that I think about it, I realize it’s childish and something I’d never have done normally. I’ve no idea why I did 
something like this. Perhaps being in love does mean acting like a fool.” 
“Let me go.” She said with a blank expression. 
Instead of doing what she said, he wrapped his arms around her waist tighter. 
“I would’ve been pissed off if I were you too. After all, I shouldn’t toy with something like this. Isn’t it true that what matters is that we learn from our mistakes? Please forgive me, Bonnie. Give me one more 
chance. I swear, I won’t do something like this ever again.” 
However, she was pissed off right now. So, all she wanted was some privacy and silence. 
“I won’t repeat myself. Let me go. Otherwise, you won’t see me again. 
It felt as if someone had stabbed him in the heart, and the blood in his veins was frozen. Even his breaths 
grew weaker. 
‘Is this how it feels to break up with the lady you love?” 
“I’m going to count to three. One!” 
He let go of her immediately, not willing to risk it. 
Then, she left the villa without so much as a glance at him. He watched as she went and couldn’t help but 
feel disheartened. 
“Buzz buzz buzz…” Ged was calling him. 
Ged hit him with a barrage of questions when he answered the phone. 
“How did it go, Ivor? Did you manage to win her heart? Hahaha! I know I’m right! If you want to win a lady’s heart, you’ll have to sleep with her. She’ll give it to you after that. You don’t even have to ask. 
Chapte: 395 
“Don’t you think you owe me a big one? How about some reward for your matchmaker?” 
He said a lot. Then, he realized Ivor was eerily quiet. 
“vor? Why aren’t you saying anything? 
“Hello? Can you hear me? 
vor… 
“She broke up with me.” It was a brief response, but it was enough to silence Ged. 
He didn’t find his voice until after a long time. “Break up? Are you sure that’s the right word? You guys weren’t even a couple in the first place.” 
He intended it as a joke to liven up the conversation. The next thing he knew, he felt Ivor’s signature 
coldness through the phone. 
“Ahem! That was just a joke. Let’s get serious now. What on earth happened? Did you do everything like I said? It should’ve worked. How did it backfire on you?” 
Ivor took a deep breath. His face was grim, and his eyes were filled with misery. 
“Stay put. I’ll be there in a minute.” Ged hung up the phone and rushed over to his friend’s side. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 400
Chapter 400 
“So, that’s the whole story.” 
Uh…” 
It took Ged a long time to process everything Ivor told him. 
“All I can say is that Bonnie is a tough lady. She knows what she wants and won’t compromise her vision and settle for anything less. Frankly, you’re one lucky bastard if you manage to marry her. No, I take it back! You’ll be the luckiest bastard alive if you end up marrying her.” 
“That’s a given.” He gave Ged a sidelong glance. “I know better than you just how precious she is.” 
“There’s no need to wallow in sadness or despair. If you look at it from another angle, it’s a good thing.” Ged said analytically. 
“What do you mean?” 
Can’t vo 
figure out something this simple? They say we do foolish things when we’re in love, but why do 
1 get the feeling that you’ve become a fool yourself? 
“Bonnie is this mad at you because she cares a lot about you! Think about it. If someone she deemed 
worthless threw a fit in front of her, she would’ve remained indifferent and ignored that person, which, in 
turn, drives the person crazy.” 
Ivor nodded in approval. “Keep going.” 
“Here’s a question for you. Have you seen Bonnie this mad in your life?” 
He pondered on the question for a couple of seconds. Then, his eyes sparkled. He sounded jovial when he spoke. “Are you trying to say that she loves me?“. 
“I won’t say that it’s necessarily love. She has feelings for you, at most.” Ged said truthfully. 
At the next moment, Ivor glared at him. 
“Don’t give me that look! I’m telling you the truth. You need a dose of reality right now. Judging by your current situation, you should leave her alone for a couple of days. Give her some peace.” 
Frowning, he asked, “A couple of days? Are you trying to kill me?” 
Ged remained quiet. ‘That decides it. Ivor is smitten, 
“It’s up to you, I guess. By all means, pester her as you will. That’ll end things between the two of your immediately.” 
Ivor fell sile 
fell silent at once. 
Bonnie went back to her villa and lay on the bed. She tossed and turned, but she just couldn’t fall asleep. She couldn’t explain it, but she was still angry until this moment. 
She had never been like this. 
Chapte: 400 
Then, she got to thinking about Ivor’s swollen head. He might’ve pretended to have lost his memories, but she did pound him very hard in the pool. 
She was kept awake until three in the morning before she finally fell asleep. 
She fully intended to sleep in the next day. Little did she know that she’d receive a call early in the 
morning. 
It was Welma on the other end of the phone. So, she shoved her frustration deep down before she said,” 
Hello? What is it. Mom?” 
“Are you 
you still sleeping? Didn’t you usually wake up early? Did you pull an all–nighter yesterday?” Welma asked concerning 
“Yeah. I stayed up quite late last night.” 
“I know you’re young, but you can’t pull an all–nighter like that! Oh, I know. Did you hang out with Ivor last 
night? Is that why you stayed up so late?” 
Bonnie couldn’t help but frown when she heard his name. 
“Hello? Are you still there? Bonnie?” 
“Oh, uh… Is there any reason you’re calling me Mom?” She came back to her senses and changed the topic immediately. 
“Oh! It’s about your aunt, who lives in Pyralis. She insisted on recommending a hotel owner to you.” 
“Is she setting up a blind date for me?” She was surprised a little. 
“Exactly! I told her that you’ve got a boyfriend, but she wouldn’t believe me. She even said that this sort of excuse was overused and tired. 
“She told me that the hotel owner was young but accomplished. He managed to run a successful coffee shop at twenty–eight.” 
“Just turn it down, Mom.” She rubbed the side of her head. She needed to catch some sleep now. 
“I tried, but I think you know how that aunt of yours is. She’s not going to believe you’re in a couple unless she sees how lovey–dovey you and Ivor are with her own eyes. 
“Here’s an idea. How about you and Ivor show up together to the blind date? That’s going to solve our 
dilemma!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 401
Chapter 401 
Bonnie remained silent. She might have asked Ivor to go with her if last night did not happen. However, she could no longer do that. 
“That settles it. You’ll have a blind date at Zephyr Cafe this Sunday. I need to hang up now. The fields won’t plow themselves.” With that, Welma hung up. 
Bonnie looked at her phone. She was unsure when Ivor did it, but he had set his picture as her wallpaper. She fiddled with her phone and changed it back to a random image. Then, she pulled her blanket over her head and prepared to return to sleep. 
Buzz, buzz, buzz! 
Bonnie’s phone vibrated, and she grew annoyed, wondering who was calling this time. 
“Hello?!” 
“Are you still sleeping, Bonwick?” 
“It’s still so early in the morning, Orpheus. What do you want?” 
“It’s about Nancy.” 
The mention of Nancy’s name made her open her eyes immediately. “What about her?” 
“She’s missing. She usually arrives at the film set earlier than anyone, but we haven’t seen her since last night’s shooting. We can’t even get her on the phone. Since you’re a good friend of hers, I called you to ask if you know what’s happening.” 
“She didn’t call me, either.” Bonnie’s brows furrowed, and then her eyes widened. “Did she go home?” 
“Home? What do you mean?” Orpheus had no idea what Bonnie was talking about. 
“I mean her old home. The Church family’s house.” 
“Oh, that house. I’ll see if I can find anything out.” 
“Maybe I should do it,” Bonnie said solemnly. 
He was stunned. “Huh? I can do it. After all, I can pull some strings using the Knight family’s name.” 
“The Knights might be powerful and influential, but I work faster than you guys regarding investigations,” she said confidently. 
He was stunned yet again. ‘Bonnie can work faster than the Knights? Is she for real?‘ 
She hung up the phone and called Jim immediately. Then, she told him to track down Nancy’s whereabouts at once. It did not take him long to pinpoint Nancy’s location. “You’re right, Bonnie. Nancy’s at her family’s house now. They locked her in there.” 
“They locked her up?” Bonnie’s expression was stern, and her tone was cold. 
“The Churches are trying to marry her to a sixty–year–old man to secure a collaboration.” 
Bonnie tightened her grip on her phone as Jim said, “I’ll take some men with me and get her out of there.” 
“I’ll do it myself.” 
“But-” 
“Nancy’s one of iny best friends,” Bonnie said firmly. 
“All right. I’ll standby in the vicinity.” 
“Perfect.” Immediately after, Bonnie hung up and headed to the Church family’s house. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 402
Chapter 402 
Nancy was teary–eyed as she remained tied to the bed’s headboard. She said, “Let me go, Shiloh! How dare you tie me up!” 
(( 
Shiloh sat on the sidelines and enjoyed some snacks while holding a whip. She retorted, Sis, just be a good girl and marry Kael. Otherwise, you’ll know how it feels to get whipped.” 
Nancy looked at Shiloh’s hands and noticed they were covered with hangnails. The former said, “I can’t believe you’re using such methods. Aren’t you worried the cops will come after you?” 
“Hmph, how absurd. You’re in my house, and there aren’t any cameras in my room. No one will know if I whip you,” Shiloh said, unfazed. 
“Your house, huh?” Nancy paled and smiled weakly. “Who do you think you are? I’m the one who was born into this family. You took everything from me, including my status. What more do you want? 
“Answer me! You guys kicked me out of my rightful family. What will it take for you to stop?! Do you want me to die before you do?!” Nancy roared from the bottom of her soul, tears streaming down her cheeks. Her eyes were full of despair. 
“Don’t worry, Nancy. I won’t kill you. If I did, I’d have to be responsible for it. Getting your pathetic blood on my hands isn’t worth it. All you have to do is marry Kael.” 
“Over my dead body! I’ll never be you or your mother’s pawn. You’re better off killing me, Shiloh!” 
“Hmph, you’re dreaming if you think I’ll let you off that easily.” Shiloh cracked her whip. 
“Gah!” Nancy trembled all over. 
“Trying to act tough, are we? I won’t stop whipping you until you agree to marry Kael.” Shiloh whipped her stepsister again. 
Nancy bore the pain and raised her gaze at Shiloh. The former scoffed, saying, “Do you think I’m afraid of you? Bring it on!” 
“I’ll be happy to, tough guy!” She struck Nancy with the whip yet again. 
Suddenly, someone kicked down the door. 
B***! 
“Who’s there?!” Shiloh turned around and looked behind her. 
Nancy was in disbelief when she saw Bonnie at the door. “B–Ponnie, is that you?!” 
Shiloh thought the name sounded somewhat familiar. After profound thought, she said, So, you’re the good–for–nothing that the Shepards disowned. You and Naney share similar fates. I guess it makes sense. After all, you worthless punks must’ve banded together because no one likes either one of you!” 
Bonnie walked past the laughing Shiloh and went to Nancy before freeing her. Nancy was worried about bringing Bonnie into her mess, asking, “Ponnie, what are you doing here.” 
“How can I leave one of my best friends alone to suffer?” 
“I know that, but you’re in the heart of the Templeton Villa, Shiloh is ruthless, too. You should run while you can, Bonnie!” 
Shiloh stood in the duo’s way and said, “It’s too late now.” 
Nancy grew apprehensive about Bonnie’s position. “Bonnie has nothing to do with this, Shiloh! Are you going to lock her up, too?” 
Shiloh retorted, “She’s the one who entered the belly of the beast herself. Also, she knows I whipped you. I might go to jail if she escapes and tells the cops about it. Do I look like an idiot to you? Of course, I won’t let her go!” 
Bonnie glared at Shiloh and said, “If you know your actions are illegal, why are you doing it?” 
“You should see the mess you’ve involved yourself in, Bonnie. Instead of begging for mercy, you’re trying to be a hero, not to mention how you ignored me earlier. I’m going to whip you, too!” Shiloh suddenly cracked her whip at Bonnie’s face. 
“Bonnie, watch out!” Nancy yelled frantically. She wanted to shield Bonnie from the whip but was too exhausted to move. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie remained rooted, fooling the duo into thinking she froze with fear. As 
the whip was about to hit her, she caught it. 
Shiloh’s eyes widened with surprise. “Let it go, now!” 
Bonnie yanked the whip away from Shiloh so hard that the latter stumbled forward and fell heavily. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 403
Chapter 403 
Shiloh shrieked in pain and fear as her face began to bleed. She glared at Bonnie as if she was about to skin her alive. “Damn you, Bonnie! I’ll show you the meaning of agony!” 
Bonnie brandished the whip, saying, “I have the whip now. I’ll throw your words back at you –instead of begging for mercy, you’re acting like a hero. It seems I have to remind you of your position with some lashes.” 
‘You wouldn’t dare! I’m a member of a prominent family, while you’re a nobody without a family. You’ll pay if you lay even a finger on me!” 
Crack! 
Bonnie whipped Shiloh, causing the latter to let out a blood–curdling scream. Bonnie had hit Shiloh far harder than when Shiloh whipped Bonnie. Shiloh could only roll on the floor and curse, “You’ll pay for this, Bonnie! I’ll—” 
Whip! Crack, crack! Whoosh! 
Bonnie lashed at Shiloh relentlessly, and the last one hit Shiloh’s face. The latter covered her burning face. She knew her face would bear a scar for life. “F*** you, Bonnie!” 
“As far as I can tell, you aimed for my face earlier, too. I’m just giving you a taste of your own medicine. That’s enough of your crap. Now, back to whipping.” Bonnie continued to lash at Shiloh. 
Suddenly, a group of bodyguards in black suits barged in and surrounded them. Shiloh screamed when a middle–aged couple emerged from the group, “Mom, Dad, save me!” 
“Shiloh!” Julia hastened over and held her daughter. “My poor baby! Who did this to you?!” 
“It was her, Mom! That’s Bonnie! She’s the one who did this to me! You must punish her for me. I want her to regret messing with me!” Shiloh roared resentfully. 
Julia’s eyes were bloodshot as she glared at Bonnie. “How dare you hurt my daughter?! You’ll pay for this!” 
Shiloh’s father, Josiah, gestured at the bodyguards and ordered, “Seize her, now!” 
“Right away, sir!” The bodyguards looked at Bonnie viciously and raised their fists before charging at her. 
Nancy grew anxious and shouted, “Bonnie, run! Forget about me and leave, now!” 
“Don’t worry. I have everything under control.” Bonnie glanced at Nancy comfortingly. 
212 
However, her eyes turned cold when she shifted her gaze to the bodyguards. Bonnie loosened her fists and dashed at them. 
She did not hold any punches. All her strikes were precise and drew blood. Her fury was evident at that moment. 
“Gah!” 
“Ugh!” 
Screams filled the room, and everyone was dumbfounded at what they witnessed. Although Bonnie was petite, she possessed tremendous strength. Whenever she landed a punch, she 
would break their noses or other bones. 
Soon after, the bodyguards lay on the floor. Nancy was thrilled and relieved, thinking, ‘ 
Bonnie’s such a badass!‘ 
Bonnie looked at Nancy and said, “Let’s go.” 
Suddenly, Josiah pulled out a pistol and pointed it at the back of Bonnie’s head. Nancy gasped and paled at that moment. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 404
Chapter 404 
Bonnie remained unfazed as she glanced sideways. 
“You’re a fierce fighter,” Josiah praised her wholeheartedly. “Still, your fighting skills are nothing against my gun. Now, be a good girl and get down on your knees. Don’t make me shoot you.” 
Suddenly, he heard an imposing voice at the door, “Do it if you dare!” 
Josiah whipped around and saw Jim. The former was so terrified that he almost tossed his pistol aside. “Y–You’re Master Jim!” 
Even Julia and Shiloh paled, wondering about Jim’s sudden appearance. On the other hand, Nancy guessed what was happening and looked at Bonnie, asking, “Is Master Jim here to help us?” 
Bonnie nodded. “Yeah, he’s a friend of mine.” 
‘I can’t believe it! Bonnie just said Master Jim is her friend!‘ 
Everyone was stunned when they heard that. Meanwhile, Jim strode toward Josiah and said, “What’s the matter? Are you still refusing to let your pistol go?” 
“I–It was all a misunderstanding, sir!” Jasiah hastily tossed his pistol aside. 
Jim squinted at him and then approached Bonnie, looking at her from head to toe and asking, “Are you okay? Did they hurt you?” 
Bonnie shook her head. “They don’t have what it takes to hurt me.” 
“Are you sure you’re alright?” he asked worriedly. 
“Positive.” 
“Don’t try to trick me, Bonnie. You got hurt during the race and kept it from me. That’s why you ended up in the hospital, remember? It’s my job to keep you safe, and I can’t botch it. I’m taking you to the hospital for a full checkup now,” Jim spoke firmly, suggesting he 
would not take no for an answer. 
However, his words confused the others. They did not know what he meant when he said it 
was his job to keep Bonnie safe. The family wondered about Bonnie and Jim’s relationship. 
“Fine, I’ll visit the hospital later. Are you satisfied now?” Bonnie knew how stubborn Jim could be. She had to do as he said because of what happened after the racing incident. 
Otherwise, she would never hear the end of it. 
2/2 
Jim asked, “How do you want to deal with the Church family? Should I take Jostal downtown?” 
Cold sweat dripped down josiah’s cheek as fimm added, “Do you want me to deport them?” 
shiloh and Julia were so shocked that they trembled all over. They could not understand what was happening. 
“What did we do to get thrown out of the country? We just crossed a country bumpkin, yet Master Jim is acting as if we offended God.‘ 
Bonnie turned and said, “I’ll let Nancy decide since it’s her family. So, what do you want to do?” 
Nancy pursed her lips and glanced at her father, she was heartbroken and disappointed as she said, “I’ve cut all ties with my family. I’m ready to move past it if they promise never to harass me again,” 
Although she said that, Josiah remained ungrateful to her. On the contrary, he hated her 
even more. 
‘I wouldn’t suffered such humiliation if I hadn’t conceived such an ungrateful daughter. I won’t forgive Bonnie, either! I don’t care how close she is to Jim, but she almost destroyed my entire family. This is far from over!‘ 
“All right, we’ll do as you say.” Bonnie nodded at Nancy. The former could relate to her friend’s decision. Even though Nancy used to be a family member, it would benefit her to cut ties with them thoroughly after what happened today. 
“Let’s leave.” 
“Okay,” 
Shiloh started throwing a fit as soon as Bonnie and her gang left. “Are you going to let them go?! Have you seen what Bonnie did to me, Dad?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 405
Chapter 405 
Julia agreed with her daughter, “Shiloh’s right. We can’t just let them go. Also, something’s bothering me. What is Bonnie and Jim’s relationship? Why would he stick his neck out for her like that?” 
Josiah said firmly, “The only thing I know is that they’re not a couple.” 
“What makes you so sure?” 
“I have business relations with the Shepards, and I overheard them saying Bonnie has a sugar daddy. He’s an old man, too.” 
“I heard about that, too, but I can’t believe it’s true. Damn it!” Julia roared, “She’s nothing but a despicable homewrecker! How dare she act so cocky in our territory! Honey, why don’t 
we hire some henchmen to kill her? 
“That way, Master Jim can’t track it back to us. Even if he does suspect us, he won’t have evidence to prove it. I doubt he’ll come after us for a dead woman.” 
“That’s a splendid idea! Let’s do it!” 
Bonnie sent Nancy to the hospital before going home. Bonnie looked at her phone and realized Ivor had yet to text or call her. She thought it was funny since he constantly contacted her so much that she sometimes ignored him. 
However, she found herself missing his constant texts a little. 
In the blink of an eye, it was the day of Bonnie’s blind date. She put on the first outfit she found and went to Zephyr Cafe. Meanwhile, her aunt, Laurent Shepard, chatted with a young man and his mother. 
The middle–aged woman, Aya, had prominent cheekbones and delicate lips. She had on smokey makeup, too. She asked, “What did you say her name was again? Was it Bonnie?” 
“That’s right. My niece is gorgeous. She’s the prettiest girl in the countryside.” 
The young man, Tatum, pursed his lips and said, “I must say, the bar is pretty low if she comes from the countryside. I don’t think anyone from there is pretty. Most have to do farm work under the sun. That means tanned skin and calluses, not to mention brawny arms.” 
“Oh, please, Tatum. I thought I showed you pictures of her. You said she looked cute.” 
Chapter 405 
2/2 
“Although she looked cute in the pictures, she could’ve edited them. Such software is magical these days. People can even swap faces,” Tatum raised his chin and added, “My point is, I’ll leave if she isn’t pretty. 
“My family’s wealthy, and I’m handsome. Why would I settle for someone who isn’t attractive? After all, I can get any woman I want. I only agreed to this blind date because of 
Mom. I wouldn’t have come if you two weren’t college friends.” 
you, 
“Well, I—” Laurent felt embarrassed when she suddenly saw Bonnie. “There she is!” 
Tatum looked toward the door halfheartedly. A moment later, his eyes sparkled, and he instinctively stood up to stare at her. 
Meanwhile, Lauren felt proud and triumphant when she saw his reaction. 
‘He just complained about how unattractive Bonnie could be. Look at him now.‘ “Hello, everyone,” Bonnie greeted Aya and Tatum courteously. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 406
Chapter 406 
“What a beauty,” Tanum said as he pulled out a chair for Bonnie, “Have a seat. Would you like something to drink? It’s pretty hot outside, huh? Do you want my seat instead? The air conditioner is right above it.” 
“Ahem!” Aya cleared her throat and glanced at her son sidelong. 
‘Jeez, Tanum wouldn’t help me with anything even if I asked. Look at him now. He’s already showering Bonnie with care. They’re not even married yet. Who’s to say she won’t disrespect me once they get married?‘ 
“Can I directly address you by your first name?” 
Bonnie nodded. “Of course you can. 
“Let’s not waste precious time and cut to the chase. You consider yourself lucky since my son likes you this much,” Aya said arrogantly. 
Bonnie’s brow twitched a little as she looked at Lauren. 
Lauren chuckled awkwardly. “That’s not the right way to put it, Aya.” 
“What’s wrong with what I said? We own this cafe, and Tanum will inherit it. Do you know how much we make monthly? We rake in hundreds of thousands of dollars if you remove the 
overhead cost.” 
Lauren was so envious that she could just cry. 
‘Aya earns hundreds of thousands monthly! My family only managed to get that much after working our butts off for decades. We still spend our money very carefully.‘ 
With that in mind, Lauren took a different approach and held Bonnie’s hands. 
“Bonnie, we’re countryfolk who don’t have a surefire way to succeed. You only get an opportunity like this because you’re pretty. Once you marry Tanum, you must love your inlaws like your own and listen to everything Tanum says.” 
Bonnie frowned and retorted, “I don’t intend on marrying him, Aunt Lauren.” 
Aya was displeased, saying, “Are you worried we won’t give you a handsome wedding gift, or if the wedding won’t be luxurious enough? You don’t have to worry about such things. We’re loaded, after all. We’ll host the grandest wedding ceremony you’ve ever seen. 
“We’ll give you what you want, but you can’t afford to be lazy once you marry into my family. You’ll wake up before five every morning and prepare breakfast for everyone. Oh, 
Chapter 406 
that includes lunch and dinner. 
2/2 
“If there’s one thing good about us, we treat our daughters–in–law fairly and justly. That’s why you won’t need a job. All you have to do is be a housewife. Don’t forget to clean the garden and porch. 
“We also have a vegetable patch in the backyard but never had time to plant anything. Since you’re a country girl, you’ll come in handy.” 
Bonnie chuckled. “May I know how much you plan to pay me monthly?” 
“What? Pay?” Aya grew exasperated. “Like I said, you won’t need a job. You’ll be eating our food, too. Are you seriously asking for wages?” 
Bonnie retorted, “You intend on pushing me around and asking me to be a chef, servant, and gardener. Don’t forget that you even want me to manage your vegetable patch. So, I’ll be doing all that for free meals? 
“Were you serious about not paying me? If that’s true, Your Highness, I don’t think anyone would want to marry your son.” 
“How dare you speak to me that way? Also, what did you mean by that last part? I expect those things from you if you’re going to be my daughter–in–law! You’re obligated to do those things!” Aya was furious. 
‘I’ve never seen anyone as shameless as her! She has a chance to marry into a wealthy family like mine, yet she dared to ask me to pay her for doing the chores!‘ 
Bonnie’s eyes were full of mockery as she said, “Honestly, I’m getting paid quite handsomely already. You can even say financial freedom is within my grasp. So, I don’t have to be your servant. Perhaps you should find someone else.” 
As she got up to leave, Tanum hastily stopped her and said, “Come on, Bonnie! Don’t leave! Mom, what the hell are you doing? You don’t have to make her do so many things. You’re scaring her off.” 
Aya was enraged when her son defended Bonnie. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 407
Chapter 407 
“What else will she do after marrying into our family? I won’t just take in a freeloader.” 
“Mom, I love her and refuse to marry anyone else!” Tanum roared. 
1/2 
Meanwhile, Ivor stared at his documents in his office, unable to stop thinking about Bonnie. 
Ged said, “You’ve been staring at that document for over an hour. I know what you’re thinking, but please take my advice. You must be patient if you want things to go smoothly between you and Bonnie.” 
Ivor put down the document and said, “I haven’t texted or called her for several days, but it 
feels like centuries.” 
At that moment, a panicked Floyd knocked on the door and entered. “I just got a call from Mr. Flynn. He told me Ms. Bonnie has just-” 
Before he could finish, Ged said, “Hush! Don’t say anything about Bonnie. Ivor can’t afford to listen to anything about her now.” 
“B–But-” 
“Nope! You’ll ruin my plans if you continue. Then, you’ll ruin Ivor’s one shot at a lifetime of happiness.” Ged shoved Floyd out of the office. 
“Um-” 
“I said quiet!” 
“Wait a minute-” 
“Get out!” 
Floyd’s eyes widened when he realized Ged was pushing him out of the office. The former grabbed the door and yelled, “Mr. Ivor! Ms. Bonnie is on a blind date!” 
Ivor bolted from his seat while Ged stopped pushing Floyd. Ged said embarrassedly, “Ahem. That’s vital news. Why didn’t you say that earlier?” 
Floyd glanced at Ged sidelong while the latter feigned ignorance. 
Ivor pursed his lips and asked coldly, “What happened?” 
Floyd could not afford to waste time on Ged and quickly explained, “Mr. Flynn called me 
Chapter 407 
2/2 
earlier. He went to Zephyr Cafe and saw Ms. Bonnie on a blind date with the owner’s son. He said they sounded like they were talking about getting married.” 
“What?! Did Bonnie agree to marry the guy?!” Ivor’s demeanor sent shivers down Ged and Floyd’s spines. 
Floyd gulped and added, “That’s what Mr. Flynn told me. He saw Bonnie and the guy smiling, which indicated that the blind date was going well. Also, he said the guy had proclaimed his love for Ms. Bonnie.” 
After a moment of deadly silence, Ivor left the office, not bothering to take his jacket. 
Floyd thought about the upcoming appointment and shouted after his boss, “Mr. Ivor! The CEO of Zenith Innovations is on his way. You’re supposed to handle collaboration details collaboration.” 
Ivor continued walking as he said, “You can handle it.” 
“Huh? Are you sure? I’m just an assistant. I don’t think he will be too pleased about it,” Floyd said miserably. 
“Then, let Ged handle it. You’ll back him up.” With that, Ivor disappeared around the corner. 
Floyd looked at Ged, who smacked himself on the forehead, saying, “I think I owe him one. After all, I told him to follow my plan. Fine, I’ll do it.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 408
an graduate from college and will still work for someone. How much can she earn? She should quit college and marry my son as soon as possible. We’ll provide 
your niece with food and housing.” 
“Wait a minute. Laura said. The more Ayd Yard, the more Lauren felt something was amiss. 
Bonnie chuckled and said, “They’re such lovely people, Aunt Lauren. Don’t you have a daughter? Perhaps you should introduce her to Tanum. I don’t want to involve myself with them. After all, I have a boyfriend- 
I mean, fiance.” 
She said fiance because it was more convincing than a boyfriend 
Aya raised her voice and pried, “Wait, why do you have a fiance? What is the meaning of this, Lauren ?!” 
“She’s making it up. Her mom told me about it. Young people just love using such tactics to turn down blind dates. When Lauren said that, Aya and Tanum seemed relieved. 
Bonnie stood up and exclaimed, “Why don’t you belleve I’m engaged? 
Laurent pulled Bonnie down and said, “Stop It. You don’t have a fiance. Sit down so we can talk this out 
Birtido have a tender Bonnie retorted. 
Chapte 409 
2/2 
“Fine, I’ll play along. Where is your fiance, then? I want to see him now!” 
A moment later, a charming voice sounded, “I’m sorry I’m late, Bonnie.” 
Thump, thump! 
Bonnie’s heart raced. The voice and scent were familiar, causing something to arise within her. However, she could not explain what it was. As she slowly turned toward the voice, his handsome face appeared. 
‘It’s been a while, Bonnie thought. 
Suddenly, an off–putting voice ruined the moment, “I–Is he your fiance, Bonnie?” 
Before she could answer, Ivor held her waist and said, “That’s right. We’re engaged.” 
Bonnie’s eye twitched as she thought, ‘I guess he technically isn’t lying. He’s pretty good with words.” 
“You’re staging this whole thing! How could you do such a thing, Bonnie? How much did you pay him to 
come here?! Tell me the truth!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 409
Chapter 409 
From Lauren’s perspective, young people liked throwing money at problems and fooling their parents. 
Flynn chuckled as he approached and said, “Did you just say Bonnie hired him? Do you even know who he is? No amount of money can make him show up unless he wants to be here.” 
Aya bolted from her seat and stammered, “M–Mr. Flynn! H–How long have you been there?” 
Unlike Ivor, Flynn disliked keeping a low profile. The latter enjoyed flaunting his status as a Knight family member. Moreover, Flynn was a regular at the cafe, and Aya naturally knew who he was. 
“I’ve been here since the blind date started. Just so you know, Ivor is my cousin, and Bonnie’s his fiancee.” Flynn purposely glanced at Bonnie as he spoke. 
Aya was shocked, thinking, “That means the man sitting beside Bonnie is the CEO of the Knight Group!” 
Meanwhile, Lauren was clueless about what was happening. She pointed at Flynn and asked, “Aya, who is 
he?” 
“H–He’s Gunnar Knight’s son–Flynn Knight.” Aya was still trying to process this huge revelation. 
Even Lauren was dumbfounded as she gawked at Flynn. Then, something occurred to her, and she looked at Bonnie and Ivor. A moment later, she regained her thoughts and said, “B–Bonnie, is he the head of the 
Knight family?” 
Since the situation had escalated to this point, hiding things was useless. Hence, Bonnie nodded and 
said, “Yeah, that’s right.” 
Lauren gasped and slumped into her seat as she pinched herself to see if she was dreaming. 
She thought, ‘I never thought Bonnie would be the fiancee to the wealthiest man in all of Pyralis! She has elevated herself to an entirely different level now. I’ll have to butter Welma up when I return to the 
countryside!” 
Ivor looked at Bonnie affectionately and said, we should get going.” 
“Okay.” Bonnie nodded. 
Suddenly, Tatum yelled, “Wait a minute!” 
Bonnie turned and asked, “What is it?” 
“1–I would like to…” He wanted to fight for her however he could. 
‘I’ve never seen anyone as beautiful and elegant as Bonnie. It will be my biggest regret if I miss out on her today‘ 
He gritted his teeth and decided to confess his love to her, “I love-” 
As he uttered those two words, Ivor glared at him. Tanum continued, “I–I love the idea that you’ll have adorable babies together.” 
Chapter 469 
2/2 
Tanum burst into tears as he thought, ‘Mom, I know I’m a coward, but it’s not my fault! That man is too scary, and I think he might kill me if I confess my love to Bonnie in his presence!* 
Soon after, Ivor, Bonnie, and Flynn left and went to their car. Flynn could not help but laugh, saying, Hahaha! I bet Tanum wanted to confess his love for you, Bonnie. That was hilarious!” 
“Ivor’s such a badass. He only needed to glare at Tanum to scare him.” 
Meanwhile, Ivor did not care about Tanum. Bonnie was the only thing Ivor cared about. Even so, he did not know what to say as he stared at her. He feared she would tell him to shut up as soon as he opened 
his mouth. 
Bonnie and Ivor’s silence made Flynn feel suffocated as they sat in the car. Flynn, who offered to drive earlier, regretted his decision. A moment later, Bonnie looked at Ivor’s head and asked, “Has the swelling 
lessened?” 
Finally, someone broke the silence. Moreover, Bonnie took the initiative, which made Ivor feel joyful. He 
said, “I don’t think so.” 
“Here, let me take a look.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 410
Chapter 410 
1.1.2 
“Sure.” Ivor leaned toward Bonnie and lowered his head to let her see it better. Although it startled her a little, she felt that inexplicable feeling again. She could do nothing to get rid of it, either. 
Bonnie felt cround his head and found the swelling in less than a second. She asked, “Why didn’t it go away? Didn’t you apply any ointment?” 
“It was a memento you left me, and I didn’t want to use anything to make it go away.” 
“You must have a s*** loose or something.” Bonnie rolled her eyes at him, 
“Not really! Something is wrong with my head, and it’s pretty severe. It’s worsened over the past few days because of your absence. I couldn’t eat or sleep, so I drowned myself in work. Still, I couldn’t stop 
thinking about you. 
“Since you’re the miracle doctor, what do you think is wrong with me?” Ivor stared at Bonnie with so much affection that they seemed to have enveloped her. 
Bonnie could tell Ivor only had eyes for her. Her reflection in his eyes was so apparent that she thought he had burned her appearance into his soul. Bonnie had always been calm and collected, but she could not 
help but feel her heart stir. 
It took her a long while to return to her senses before she finally said, “That sounds serious. I’ll take you to the hospital and get you checked.” 
“Okay.” 
I’ll massage your head for now.” 
“Sure, thanks.” Ivor leaned closer to make her job more manageable. Simultaneously, it gave him an 
excuse to get even closer to her. 
\Flynn looked at the rearview mirror. He could not explain it, but Ivor looked like a little puppy, making 
Flynn envious. “Ivor, you two can do that ey dovey nonsense when you’re home. Please don’t do that 
‘while I’m around.” 
Ivor squinted at him and asked, “What are you doing here again?” 
Flynn felt speechless. Who else is going to drive you home, genius?” 
“Has he been here the whole time?” Bonnie asked. Evidently, she did not notice Flynn, either. 
The latter did not know what else to say. 
I see how it is. I’m just a third–wheeler.” 
“It’s okay, you two. We’ll pretend we’re in a smart car that drives itself.” Flynn realized the duo was not listening to him at all. 
Bonnie asked Ivor, “Does it hurt when I do this?” 
Chapte 410 
2/2 
It hurts a little. Be gentle, Bonnie.” 
“Okay.” 
Flynn wanted nothing more to do with them. Suddenly, he had an idea and smirked as he turned the steering wheel. 
Screech! 
Due to the force, Bonnie fell into Ivor’s embrace. The latter noticed it and held her tightly as Flynn said, Damn! I think I saw a wild cat or something in front of the car. Thank goodness I’m an excellent driver! Otherwise, I might’ve hit that thing.” 
Flynn looked back and saw how tightly Ivor held Bonnie. 
“Hehe, I’ll ask him for a big reward when they get married.” 
“Watch it!” Ivor barked and then looked in the rearview mirror, nodding in approval. At that moment, Bonnie could feel Ivor holding the back of her head. He pressed her head against his chest so firmly that she could feel his heartbeat. 
“You can let go of me now.” 
“Oh, right,” Ivor responded but remained motionless. 
“I can’t breathe if you keep holding me like this,” Bonnie said, exasperated. 
Ivor could only let her go, but he did it longingly. 
Screech! 
The car swerved fiercely again. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 411
Chapter 411 
Flynn swerved the car in the opposite direction this time, causing Ivor to fall onto Bonnie. Still, het protected the back of her head with her hand. 
Flynn screamed dramatically, “That damn cat is back again!” 
Ivor looked into the rearview mirror and nodded in approval again. He warmly reminded his cousin, “Go slower. You have to watch out for these critters.” 
“Okay, I’ll be more careful.” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched as she lay underneath Ivor. Soon after, the trio reached the hospital, and Bonnie personally checked on Ivor. “Everything looks good. With that said, you must monitor yourself. You don’t want it to worsen, after all. I suggest you hire a nurse to massage your head daily.” 
Ivor said smilingly, “Why would I need to hire someone else when I have you?” 
I 
“I have college and work to attend to. Unfortunately, I don’t have time to help you out.” 
“If you’re not going to massage my head for me, I won’t let anyone else do it.” 
Bonnie frowned and said, “You’re acting like a child again.” 
“That’s not it. You know a man shouldn’t allow anyone to touch his head unless they’re someone he wants to spend the rest of his life with.” Ivor looked at Bonnie lovingly 
The latter felt ensnared whenever Ivor stared at her like that. She said, “Well, you’ll have to visit my place 
every night.” 
Suddenly, Ivor swooped her up and spun in circles, exclaiming, “I knew it! You’re the best, Bonnie! You can’t bear to watch me suffer!” 
Bonnie blushed and stammered, “P–Put me down! People are watching!” 
“Oh, let them watch. Just focus on us.” 
Bonnie’s stare gave him no choice but to stop. “Okay, fine. 
She thought Ivor would put her down, but they somehow ended up in a secluded area where no one could see them. Ivor said, “We have our privacy now.” 
Bonnie did not know how to respond. She blushed with embarrassment while Ivor leaned closer and 
pecked her forehead. 
Thump, thump! Thump, thump! 
Bonnie could feel her heart racing as her face grew redder–even her ears and neck reddened. Meanwhile, Ivor felt like a thirsty traveler who had finally come across water. He gulped as his thirst grew. 
He lowered his head to kiss her lips. 
It seemed like Bonnie had forgotten to push him away. Instead, she only stared as Ivor’s lips approached. 
Chapte: 411 
Ultimately, she closed her eyes while Ivor felt his blood begin to rush. 
Suddenly, Bonnie’s phone vibrated and interrupted the incredible moment. 
Ivor frowned and said, “Ignore it.” 
2/2 
However, the phone continued to buzz, rousing Bonnie from her daze as she pushed him away, saying, It’s my mom. I have to take it.” 
Ivor pursed his lips and looked at Bonnie resentfully. Looking back at him, she could not decide whether to laugh or cry. Then, she answered the phone. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 412
Chapter 412 
“Hey, Mom, what’s up?” 
“Bonnie, what’s happening? I–I heard that Ivor is the wealthiest man in Pyralis!* 
Bonnie glanced at Ivor and said, “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, Mom. I just didn’t want you to worry about me. After all, plenty of convoluted stories surround the rich and powerful.” 
“So, you knew I’d be worried,” Welma said, sounding like she was scolding her daughter. Still, she was more concerned about Bonnie’s well–being. “Are you two serious about your relationship?” 
Ivor suddenly took Bonnie’s phone and said, “Mother, Bonnie is more important to me than my life. Losing her means losing my will to continue living. Don’t worry about it, Mother. What’s mine is hers, and I will dote on her to make her the happiest woman in the world.” 
Anyone else would have sounded cheesy saying that. However, Ivor’s tone carried significance. It sounded like he made a solemn oath. 
Bonnie stared at him in a daze. That familiar, inexplicable feeling arose within her again, growing increasingly potent. 
Meanwhile, Welma held onto her phone motionlessly. Since her phone was on loudspeaker, Gerald heard the whole conversation. The older couple exchanged glances and smiled gratefully. 
Gerald took his wife’s phone and said, “Hey, the summer solstice is coming soon. Would you like to visit us with Bonnie then?” 
“Sure thing, Father!” Ivor smiled and looked at Bonnie, saying, Father invited us to have dinner with them during the summer solstice.” 
“Why are you calling my dad ‘father‘ as if it’s second nature?” 
You have a point. He’s not my dad, but our dad.” 
“Fine, I can’t argue with you now. Let’s just go home and get some sleep.” 
“Whatever you say, honey.” 
As they left the hospital, Bonnie suddenly stopped. Ivor asked, puzzled, “What’s wrong?” 
She frowned and looked around while Ivor asked again, “Did you forget something?” 
“I think someone’s been following us.” 
Ivor grew vigilant. He could not afford to take her safety lightly. However, he observed his surroundings and saw nothing suspicious. 
Bonnie frowned and said, “Maybe I’m imagining things.” 
“No, that’s not necessarily true. Considering your capability to fight, I believe you have sharper senses than ordinary people. Although you could be wrong, it pays to trust your senses,” Ivor said as he called 
Floyd, “Send a few more men to keep Bonnie safe. I suspect someone’s following her.” 
Bonnie did not like it when others protected her. She said, “Call It off, Ivor. I just made an honest mistake. There are only a few who can hurt me, after all.” 
Ivor knew her very well. After some thought, he said, “Okay, I won’t send people to help you. They might Intrude on your personal space. Still, I want you to tell me if you sense danger again. 
“You should take care of yourself. There’s no need to worry about me. If anything goes wrong, I can call-” Bonnie stopped abruptly. She wanted to say she could call Jim. However, considering his identity, she could not rely on him to immediately react to her distress calls. 
“Who can you call? Ivor squinted with an apparent sense of gloominess in his eyes. “I’m your fiance. Why would you call anyone else besides me?” 
‘He’s just impossible! Is he jealous again?” 
“I just don’t want to keep troubling you.” Bonnie quickly changed the topic, “Our agreement for the one- month engagement had expired long ago. You’re no longer my fiance, Ivor.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 413
Chapter 413 
1 guess we’ll have to get engaged again.” 
Bonnie raised her brow with a hint of humor as she poked his chest and said, “That depends on how you 
treat me.” 
She then turned and left with a smile. 
Ivor’s eyes lit up with excitement as he watched her leave. At that moment, his heart overflowed with love. After some time, he gathered his thoughts and ran over to hug her from behind. He rested his chin on her neck and felt a sense of longing. 
He loved her so much that he wished to become one with her. That way, she would belong to only him for eternity. Ivor’s chest pressed against Bonnie’s back, and she could feel his heartbeat. It showed her how 
much he loved her. 
Bonnie smiled and was in a cheerful mood. She said, “Come on, let’s go to the greenhouse at your place. I’ll make you dinner.” 
“I appreciate it, honey.” Ivor could not stop smiling at her. 
“Off, that‘ cheesy.” 
Meanwhile, a man hiding in a corner spoke into his phone, “Bonnie is at the hospital, Mr. Josiah. However, a man is with her. I can’t do it yet.” 
Josiah’s brows furrowed as he asked, “Is the man Master Jim, by any chance?” 
“No, it’s a handsome young man. I think it’s her boyfriend.” 
“That’s fine.” Josiah sighed in relief. “Keep following them until you get a chance. You know what to do.” 
Ten minutes later, the man called Josiah again “That man is still with her. They’re driving to the countryside, so there won’t be many people here. It’s the perfect spot to do it.” 
“Send me the location.” 
“Got it. Check your phone, Mr. Josiah.” 
Josiah read the map and noticed a villa in the vicinity. He asked curiously, “What are they doing at the Knights‘ territory? Their villa is right there.” 
The man guessed, “Are they trying to find a good spot on the hills to fight?” 
Josiah’s lips twitched. “Do you always do this?” 
The man cleared his throat embarrassedly. “Should we do it now, Mr. Josiah? My men are nearby. I didn’t want anyone to see them, so I told them to hang back a little. If you give the order, I’ll tell them to catch up to me now.” 
After some thought, Josiah said, “Do it. People don’t usually pass by this area since it belongs to the 
Chapter413 
Knights. No one will know what you did. Remember to cover your tracks. I don’t want people tracing it back to you guys. 
“Also, make Bonnie suffer instead of giving her a quick death. She was cocky when she was at my place last time. It’ll be too kind to kill her right away.” 
“How about my men and I have some fun with her before we kill her?” The man licked his lips. His eyes brimmed with l*** as he gazed at the car before him. 
“Fine, but you can’t let the Knights catch you!” 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Josiah. It isn’t our first rodeo. I’ll gag her and prevent her from calling for help.” 
Josiah viciously said, “As for the young man, I want you to break his limbs before Bonnie’s eyes. I want her to suffer physically and mentally.” 
“Okay. Consider it done.” 
At that moment, Bonnie looked in the rearview mirror. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 414
Chapter 414 
“Ivor, do you notice the car behind us? It’s been following us the whole time.” 
Ivor turned and glanced at it. He asked, “Do you think it’s the same guy you thought was watching us at 
the hospital?” 
“Most probably.” Bonnie guessed. 
Ivor took his phone and made a call. A few minutes later, several more cars appeared behind them. Bonnie said, “Those are probably his men.” 
Immediately after, one of the cars sped up and overtook Ivor’s car, preventing them from driving further. Soon after, Ivor and Bonnie were surrounded. The couple opened their doors and glanced at the vehicles. They counted more than twenty of them. 
The men wore masks and brandished deadly weapons. It was evident they were wanted criminals. 
Bonnie asked indifferently, “Who sent you?” 
“Jeez, little lady. I can’t believe how composed you are. I bet it’s just an act. So, are you secretly scared and want to pee yourself? There’s nothing to fear. We’re all here to show you some love. You’ll be begging for more before you know it. Hahaha! The leader laughed l***. 
The rest followed suit, eyeing Bonnie with filthy thoughts. Ivor squinted at them menacingly and uttered, ” 
You’ll die.” 
Immediately after, he charged at the leader and kicked him. The latter flew and slammed into a tree. Ugh! Cough, cough!” 
The leader coughed blood after suffering Ivor’s devastating kick. Bonnie frowned and said, “You still have 
your 
head injury. You don’t have to go so hard.” 
You’re my fiancee. Do you think I’ll stand aside and do nothing while they look at you like that?” Ivor’s Volce was frigid. 
Bonnie could tell Ivor was furious. Still, she had never seen him so enraged, which softened her heart. Suddenly, the leader roared, “What are you idiots waiting for?! Chop off his limbs! Make sure he lives. I want him to watch me have fun with his girlfriend!” 
Ivor grew even more furious when he heard that. He disregarded his head injury and the criminals‘ deadly weapons. He dealt with anyone who charged at him as he approached the leader. 
None of the men could stop Ivor from advancing. As he approached the leader, he resembled the Grim Reaper. 
Meanwhile, Bonnie stood still and watched as Ivor dealt with every opponent. She smiled and dashed to his side, making quick work of the criminals alongside him. Even so, it was no easy feat as they all carried deadly weapons. 
Fortunately, Floyd arrived with backup and wiped the floor with the criminals. 
Chapte 41 
Floyd glared at the leader, who was pinned to the floor. “Who hired you to attack the head of the Knight 
family?!” 
1–I didn’t know who he was! I wouldn’t have taken the job if I did!” 
Judging from his tears and snot, Bonnie did not think he was lying. After some thought, she asked, “Were you guys after me?” 
The leader said through gritted teeth, “I’m sorry, Ms. Bonnie! Someone paid us to attack you. I–It was nothing personal. Please spare me and my men!” 
Ivor asked coldly. “Someone paid you? Who was it?” 
“Th–that’s how it works. I can’t tell you my employer’s-” Ivor stomped on the leader’s face before he could finish. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 417
Chapter 417 
“Understood, Mr. Ivor.” 
Shiloh was shocked and grew pale as she slumped to the floor. 
Ivor added, “Also, remove the Church family from Pyralis.” 
“You got it!” 
On Monday, Bonnie read foreign books during lectures as usual. The first thing Natalee did when coming in was bow and nod at Bonnie. The former looked so respectful toward Bonnie that their classmates. were shocked. 
Bonnie continued reading when Avril nudged her and said, “Hey, Bonnie. Look at that beggar. Isn’t he the little boy we saw at the hotel?” 
Bonnie looked out the window and saw the beggar standing pretty far away. Even so, she could make out his face. As Avril said, he was the little boy they had once seen at the hotel. However, he wore all black today and looked like he had just gone to a funeral. 
‘Did his grandfather pass away or something?” 
Suddenly, she saw the boy pass out. 
“Shit!” Bonnie put down her book and ran out of the lecture hall. 
“Did he pass out?!” Avril chased after Bonnie. 
Soon after, they reached the campus entrance, and Bonnie carried the little boy. Avril asked worriedly,” How’s he doing?” 
Bonnie felt his forehead and grew solemn, saying, “He’s burning up He has a high fever.” 
“Let’s take him to the hospital now!” 
“Yeah, let’s go.” 
After receiving treatment, the boy’s temperature improved significantly. He woke up soon after and recognized Bonnie. “I–It’s you.” 
Bonnie responded smilingly, “Rest as much as possible for now. I’ll send you home later. You were unconscious for quite some time. Your grandpa will be worried about you.” 
At that moment, tears streamed down the boy’s face. 
“What’s wrong? Do you feel any discomfort?” 
“G–Grandpa’s gone… Sob sob sob…” 
Bonnie’s heart sank when she saw how heartbroken the little boy was. Even Avril was wiping her tears 
Chapter 417 
away. After giving the boy time to calm himself, Bonnie asked, “Do you have other family members to 
take care of you?” 
The boy shook his head with sorrow and anguish in his eyes. 
2/2 
Bonnie nodded and said, “My house is big, and I live alone now. Why don’t you come and live with me for 
a while?” 
The boy’s eyes sparkled. “A–Are you sure?” 
“Of course! It can get boring living alone. I don’t mind sharing my house with you if you want.” Fearing he would reject her offer out of shyness, she added, “I won’t force you if you don’t want to.” 
“Th–that’s not it. I’m just worried that- 
“Perfect! It seems you like the idea and don’t mind staying with me. It’s settled! You’ll come home with me later.” Bonnie was so tender and kind–hearted that the boy could not help but gratefully agree. 
“My name’s Bonnie. What’s your name?” 
“I’m Vince,” he replied. 
As evening approached, Bonnie brought Vince back to her villa in Lenfield Resort. The latter stared at the villa and wondered if he was dreaming. 
Bonnie turned to him and asked, “Why aren’t you coming in?” 
Vince looked at his clothes and felt dispirited, saying, “My clothes are filthy.” 
Bonnie giggled and said, “Come inside. I’ll get you some fresh clothes.” 
As she took her phone to call Jim, she received a call from Ivor. He asked, “Are you at home?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 415
Chapter 415 
The leader grimaced as blood leaked from his lips. 
“It’s fine if you refuse to talk. Floyd, send this guy to the mines in Afrikara and ensure he never returns to Arvandor. Put him in the most treacherous part of the mine, too,” Ivor ordered. 
“N–No! I’ll talk!” The leader was terrified. “It was the Churches. Josiah Church hired us!” 
“Josiah?” Bonnie was initially surprised but realized it was plausible. She then told Ivor everything that happened in the Church family’s house. 
She added, “He’s probably resentful and wants revenge on me. It’s surprising since he’s the head of the Church family. Still, he’s ruthless and wicked.” 
“What do you want to do about it?” Ivor asked after considering Bonnie and Nancy’s friendship. That was why he could not make the call, Otherwise, he would have killed Josiah and ensured the Church family would never recover. 
“Hmm…” Bonnie frowned. “I want to avoid telling Nancy about it if I can. However, I shouldn’t keep it from her since I consider her one of my best friends.” 
Ultimately, Bonnie called Nancy and told her everything. The latter did not know what to say. 
“Nancy? Are you still-” 
“I’m so sorry, Bonnie! You almost got hurt because of me!” Nancy sobbed. 
“It’s not your fault at all. Don’t feel bad.” 
Nancy sighed and said determinedly, “My dad started showing his true colors when he kicked my mom out. He never showed me an ounce of love. He even disowned me and tried to force me into marrying an pld coot to benefit his company. 
rejected him, but he ordered his men to lock me up. Then, he did nothing when Shiloh insulted and humiliated me. He doesn’t deserve to be a father As for my family–no, they’re no longer my family. Josiah and his family no longer mean anything to me.” 
Nancy smiled with a hint of relief in her eyes. She continued, “Bonnie, you mean more to me than them. That’s why I want you to do whatever is necessary to deal with them. You don’t have to go easy on them. They’re vile snakes who’ll stab anyone in the back if you spare them. 
“Perfect.” Bonnie was delighted to hear that. Considering Nancy’s words, Bonnie knew a heavy burden had been lifted from Nancy’s shoulders. It was reminiscent of what Bonnie had gone through. Previously, 
Bonnie had also severed her ties with her family when they disowned her. 
“Congratulations, Nancy.” 
Nancy knew what Bonnie meant by that. The former said, “It might be too late, but I still want to congratulate you, too, Bonnie.” 
Chapter 415 
Meanwhile, Josiah, Julia, and Shiloh waited for the good news on the couch. Shiloh said, “That’s weird. Why hasn’t that guy updated us on the progress yet? What’s taking them so long? Dad, maybe you should 
call them.” 
She recalled when Bonnie whipped her and grew furious. She could just rip Bonnie to pieces. 
Josiah leisurely sipped his tea and said, “Simmer down. We hired wanted criminals, and they’re exceptional regarding fights. They’re probably busy torturing Bonnie as we speak.” 
“That better be the case. No, I know those guys are torturing her!” Shiloh imagined the criminals ravaging 
Bonnie. The former could not help but feel excited. 
B***! 
The door flew open, and one of their bodyguards ran toward the trio before stumbling to the floor. Shiloh 
was shocked and stood up. Then, the trio looked toward the door. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 416
Chapter 416 
Before the Churches knew it, more than a hundred men surrounded them. Josiah was shocked but maintained his composure and barked, “Who are you guys?!” 
Floyd pointed at Josiah and said, “Mr. Ivor, that’s Josiah Church.” 
Ivor glared daggers at Josiah, making chills run down the latter’s spine. Josiah asked, “Excuse me, but who are you?” 
“Ivor Knight.” He responded coldly. 
“You’re one of the Knights?!” Josiah exclaimed when he realized it, “I’m sorry, but what’s your status in the 
Knight family?” 
Floyd stepped forward, preparing to defend his boss if Josiah tried to hurt Ivor. Floyd answered, “He’s the head of the family.” 
Josiah gasped and trembled as he stared at Ivor. “A–Are you really the head of the family?!” 
“How dare you try to harm my fiancee, Josiah?!” Ivor’s words made Josiah tremble harder. 
“Th–there must be a misunderstanding, sir. I would never dare endanger your fiancee. I don’t even know who-” Josiah suddenly stopped. After some thought, he asked, “1–Is your wife Bonnie?” 
Shiloh and Julia froze, especially the latter. She glanced at Ivor and considered his status as the head of 
the Knight family. 
“I can’t believe Bonnie’s his wife! How is that fair?!” 
Josiah recalled the criminals‘ leader telling him about a young man with Bonnie. It turned out the young 
man was Ivor. 
Thud! 
Josiah fell to his knees and begged, “Please pare us, Mr. Ivor!” 
Julia followed suit, trembling uncontrollably. 
Meanwhile, Shiloh rolled her eyes and began pulling her clothes off her shoulder. She purposely pulled it low to show off her curvy figure. “I know we were wrong to harm your fiancee, Mr. Ivor. Let me redeem my family. You can do anything you want to me.” 
“Shiloh-“Josiah was about to say something but swallowed his words. 
“If she can sleep with Ivor, we’ll‘ avoid this disaster. We’ll also connect with the most influential family in Pyralis and elevate our status. That’s my wise and cunning girl. She’ll do anything to get what she wants. 
‘Shiloh isn’t good for nothing like Nancy. I only asked Nancy to marry a rich guy, but she couldn’t 
that. From my perspective, Nancy won’t achieve much in life.” 
even do 
Josiah was amidst his thoughts when he heard Ivor’s mocking voice, “You can’t compare to Bonnie. Do 
Chapter 416 
you think I’ll give up an angel for a piece of trash like you?” 
Shiloh’s eyes reddened as she inwardly cursed Bonnie. 
“Are you cursing Bonnie right now? I can’t tolerate people thinking poorly of my fiancee!” Ivor was furious. “Floyd, I’ll let you handle them. However, send Shiloh to the poverty–stricken part of Afrikara. She’ll become everyone’s plaything there.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 418
Chapter 418
“Yeah, I just got home,” Bonnie answered.
“I’m sorry. I got held up at work and couldn’t pick you up from school.”
“You don’t have to apologize. You’re not my driver or anything.”
“But I am your driver,” Ivor’s charming voice was full of love.
Bonnie sighed and replied, “Knock it off. If you’re coming to my place, bring some guy clothes for me.”
Ivor’s expression grew cold. “Huh? Did you bring a man home? Are the clothes for that guy? I love your more than anything, but I refuse to give ground regarding these things.” 
“I can’t take Ivor anymore.” Bonnie rubbed her forehead.
She said, “Get your mind out of the gutter. He’s younger than me.”
“I knew it! You like younger guys!”
Bonnie’s lips twitched. She then switched to video call and pointed her phone at Vince. “Look, he’s only
six!” 
“Oh, he’s a kid.”
Beep!
Bonnie hung up the phone.
Buzz!
Bonnie received a text from Ivor, “I’m coming now.”
A second later, she received another text, “I’ll bring some clothes for the boy, too.”
Bonnie chuckled helplessly.
When Ivor arrived, the first thing he did was stare at Vince, Bonnie noticed it and warned, “He’s just a kid. I’ll kick you out if you keep this up, Ivor.”
Ivor handed Vince the clothes and said smilingly, “Bonnie, you’re being too sensitive. I consider this kid
my little brother.”
Bonnie chuckled and thought, ‘I’ve seen how shameless you can be.
She looked at Vince and asked, “Can you shower alone? I can help you if you can’t.”
Ivor’s expression darkened. “He might be a kid, but boys and girls shouldn’t bathe together. After all, he might feel shy. Perhaps I should help him.”
“Excuse me?” Bonnie was shocked.
‘Everyone knows Ivor is a clean freak. How’s he going to bathe a little boy he barely knows? Maisie would
Chapter 418
be shocked if she heard what he just said.”
“I–It’s okay. I can bathe myself,” Vince said, accepting the fresh clothes, “Where’s the bathroom?”
Bonnie pointed. “We have them on the ground and second floors.”
.
“All right. I’ll be right back.” Vince did not want to stay a second longer and ran to one of the bathrooms.
When he came out about twenty minutes later, Ivor uttered In puzzlement, “Huh?”
“What’s wrong?” Bonnie asked.
Ivor looked at Vince from head to toe and said, “It’s nothing. I just thought he looked familiar.”
“Have you guys met before?” she asked again.
“I don’t think so, but I can’t help wondering why he looks so familiar.” No matter how hard Ivor tried, he could not figure out who the boy resembled.
Bonnie asked Vince, “Have you seen him before?”
Vince shook his head and said, “I don’t think I could forget him if I’ve seen him before. After all, he’s the most handsome man I’ve met.”
His words pleased Ivor. The little boy had done well to praise Ivor in Bonnie’s presence. Suddenly, Ivor’s phone rang. He checked it and unwittingly rubbed his head.
“I think the punk is back in Arvandor.”
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 419
Chapter 419 
“Who’s the punk you’re talking about?” Bonnie asked, curious. After all, she rarely saw Ivor react that way. 
He replied, “A childhood friend of mine.” 
“Why do you look so troubled if he’s your friend?” Bonnie became even more confused, thinking there was more to it than she suspected. 
“You have no idea how handsome he is.” 
1 remember Ged talking about someone named Thaddeus. Supposedly, he has the same taste in women as Ivor. Also, Ged was confident that Thaddeus had chosen to remain single for a long time because he had yet to meet someone outstanding enough to be his match.‘ 
Ivor’s phone rang for a long time before he finally answered. Another voice echoed from the phone, “Ivor, 
why did it take you so long to answer? Are you still working at this hour?” 
1 was enjoying some time with my lovely fiancee. We were, uh, kissing!” Ivor said matter–of–factly. 
Bonnie was about to enter the kitchen when she heard the last part of his sentence. Exasperated, she 
stopped and turned to look at him. 
“Jeez, I didn’t need to know that.” Thaddeus said, feeling goosebumps, “Ged warned me about this. He 
called you a madman who’s overly doting toward his fiancee. I didn’t believe it at first, but now I do. 
“Anyway, I’m curious about something. We grew up together, and I know no ordinary woman could have melted that iceberg you call a heart. That’s why I concluded that your fiancee must be an extraordinary 
woman with multiple talents.” 
Ivor’s expression stiffened as he said, “She’s mine!” 
“Hahaha!” Thaddeus burst into laughter. “Judging by your tone, you’re a little insecure and unconfident. It also sounds like Bonnie has yet to give herself fully to you. That means I have a chance with her.” 
That’s it! We’re no longer friends,” Ivor retorted firmly 
“That just piques my interest even more, Ivor. I wonder how extraordinary she is since you’re trying to hide her from me.” Thaddeus burst into laughter again. “Fine, I’ll stop messing with you. 
“Loyalty is something I consider most vital. Also, no woman is more important than my childhood friend. You matter more to me than some chick, Ivor. I’d never take your fiancee from you.” 
“I disagree with your sentiment,” vor responded dryly. 
“Huh?” Thaddeus was stunned. 
Ivor looked at Bonnie, who was busy preparing dinner. He smiled affectionately and said, “I know people say no woman is more important than friendship, but my fiancee is more important to me than my life.” 
“Gross.” Thaddeus could not take it anymore. He had to rub his shoulders to get rid of the goosebumps he felt. “It looks like Ged exaggerated your obsession with your fiancee. You’re even crazier than I 
Chapte 419 
thought.” 
Ivor chuckled and said, “I think you’d be the same as me when you finally find the love of your life.” 
“Who knows, that might just happen.” Thaddeus shrugged. “With that said, I have my eyes set on 
someone.” 
“Who’s the lucky lady?” Ivor asked, curious. 
I don’t know what she looks like, but I know that the chef at Jade Horizon Hotel admires her the most. He also said she’s gorgeous and elegant. Also, her cooking skills are unmatched. Not even he can hold a candle to her.” Thaddeus grew increasingly eager to meet her as he spoke. 
He continued, “The chef agreed to help me make something happen with the lady, so it won’t be long before I finally meet her.” 
Ivor felt relieved, saying, “Well, I hope you find what you’re looking for.” 
‘I don’t care who it is as long as it isn’t Bonnie.” 
Simultaneously, Bonnie received a call from the chef at Jade Horizon Hotel. “Are you asking me to come by the hotel tomorrow? How come?” 
“W–Well,” the chef stammered, “I–I developed a new recipe and would like you to try it.” 
“Is it really about a new recipe, or is there something else?” Bonnie asked, raising her brow. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 420
Chapter 420 
The chef awkwardly said, “There’s no hiding anything from you!” 
“Spill it. What’s the real reason you’re inviting me over?” 
“A friend of mine is eager to meet you.” 
Bonnie was puzzled, asking, “Wait, why?” 
I 
“It’s kind of my fault for being a blabbermouth. I told him how your culinary skills outshine mine by miles. Coincidentally, he has loved studying culinary stuff since childhood. He started bugging me to set up a meeting with you.” The more the chef spoke, the more embarrassed he felt. 
Bonnie recalled how well the chef always treated her whenever she went to the Jade Horizon Hotel. She sighed and agreed to the meetup, “I’ll come over next Saturday afternoon.” 
“Perfect!” The chef was thrilled and lost his composure. After all, he did not expect her to agree so 
quickly. 
Soon after, Bonnie finished preparing dinner and served them on the dining table. Vince stared at the food emotionally. His eyes reddened as he said, “You’re so kind, Bonnie! You’re the best person in the 
whole world! 
“Thank you for taking me in. I promise to do everything I can to help you out. I’ll do the laundry, clean the house, and even help prepare meals.” 
Bonnie patted his head and said, “You’re just a kid. I won’t allow you to do all that. I’m not fond of child 
labor, y’know.” 
“I know, but I can’t just be a freeloader.” 
Vince, I’ll send you to school, okay?” Bonnie had already chosen a suitable school for him. 
The boy was shocked. “S–School?! I don’t have to do chores, and I get to attend school?! That makes me a genuine freeloader. Bonnie, I can’t let you Waste so much money on me.” 
“That’s all the more reason you’ll have to do well in school and grow to be someone who can contribute to society. That way, I wouldn’t have wasted a cent on you, right?” 
Vince could not help but burst into tears. “I–I’ll study real hard, and then… Th–then I’ll repay you when I 
grow up!” 
Ivor playfully flicked the boy’s forehead and said, “She’s my fiancee. You won’t have a chance to repay her kindness with money.” 
After a brief awkward silence, Bonnie burst into laughter, “Hahaha!” 
Vince looked at the jealous Ivor and laughed heartily. The dining room was full of harmony and warmth. After dinner, Ivor entered Bonnie’s room. She pushed him and said, “What are you doing in here? Get out.” 
Chapter 420 
2/2 
Ivor grabbed her arms and placed them on his chest. He asked, “I have a question. Do you love kids that 
much?” 
“I don’t understand your question.” Bonnie could not withdraw her hand, no matter how hard she tried.. 
“It’s evident you like Vince a lot. We can have children if you like kids this much. I’m sure our children will be more adorable than he is.” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. “I think our kids might grow up shameless like you.” 
“That works. If we have a son, he can find an excellent wife if he’s shameless.” 
“I didn’t take you for an old–fashioned father. You like boys more than girls,” Bonnie said sarcastically. 
Ivor sensed a landmine and said, “Why would I? It’ll be perfect if we have a girl. That way, she can be as multi–talented as you are. It’d be best to have twins–one of each gender. Now, that’s a whole package.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 421
Chapter 421 
1/2 
Bonnie chuckled, and Ivor said, “What’s wrong? Aren’t you content with twins? Do you want to make eight -no, ten babies with me? I’d love that, but I don’t want you to push yourself.” 
He looked at her belly worriedly. 
Bonnie giggled and said, “You have a wild imagination. Okay, that’s enough of that. I need to sleep, and you need to leave.” 
She pushed him out of her room. She then patted her head and thought, ‘Why did I let him trick me into having a conversation about having babies? Jeez, we even discussed how many babies we’ll have.” 
When Saturday arrived, Bonnie went to the Jade Horizon Hotel as promised. When she opened the private room door, her eyes sparkled as she looked at the stunning man. He was almost as dashing as 
Ivor, but his demeanor differed. 
Bonnie stared at the man and felt a strange feeling well inside her. She felt like she had seen this person before. More accurately, she seemed to recognize his eyes and lips the most. 
She and the man observed each other for a while. The latter’s eyes widened with astonishment as he thought, ‘The chef told me she’s beautiful, but I underestimated just how gorgeous she is.” 
“Hello, there. I’m Thaddeus Sherman. It’s nice to meet you.” 
“Likewise, Thaddeus. I’m Bonnie.” 
“Bonnie?” Thaddeus repeated. 
“Is there something wrong with my name?” 
“Not at all. It rolls off the tongue.. 
Nuh–uh. I think it’s nice. It rolls off the tongue quite smoothly. Its etymology means ‘pretty‘ and ‘beautiful. It’s just that it sounds familiar, but I can’t remember where I heard it.” He could not remember, no matter 
how hard he tried. 
Bonnie did not overthink it and sat down, saying, “Perhaps it’s a common name.” 
She did not tell him her name was trending on Twitter because of the incident regarding the Shepards and Orpheus. It was only expected that Thaddeus had heard about her. 
He said, “It’s not common at all. I think it’s a pretty unique name. Perhaps I made an honest mistake. I heard you like wine, so I brought you an imported bottle of 1982 Chateau Lafite. Try some and tell me if you like it.” 
As he poured Bonnie a glass, she thought, ‘I’ve drunk that wine. I remember how smooth it was to drink.” 
She said, “You wouldn’t have brought me this wine for no good reason, right? So, tell me what your 
intentions are.” 
Choote: 421 
22 
I like that you get to the point, Bonnie. You’re just like me in that aspect. I don’t like beating around the bush, but I held back because I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Then, Thaddeus noticed her getting slightly impatient. After all, he was a perceptive man. 
He hurriedly added, “I’ve always wanted to learn about culinary arts. The chef here told me about your unrivaled skills, so I would love to become your apprentice.” 
Bonnie sipped her wine and put her glass down, saying, “Didn’t the chef tell you I don’t have time to teach anyone? He used to ask me the same thing, too, but I always rejected him.” 
Thaddeus knew it would turn out this way and had prepared for it. He stood up and looked at her thoughtfully. He said, “I mean it, Bonnie. I’ve had an immense Interest in culinary arts since childhood. However, I’ve never been honored to meet someone with actual skills. 
“Besides that, my parents gave me one last warning. If I can’t learn culinary arts and make something of myself, I’ll have to return home and take over the family business. I’m not cut out for a corporate life and the furthest thing from a company CEO.” 
That was also why Thaddeus needed to find an extraordinarily talented wife. That way, he could let his wife take over the family business. 
Bonnie noticed his sincerity and felt his passion for cooking. Moreover, he looked so familiar that she could not help but feel closer to him. Hence, she faltered slightly. 
Thaddeus noticed it and seized the opportunity to try again, I swear I’ll learn with everything I have. If you turn me down, I’ll wait at your doorstep daily 
I’ll be there, no matter the weather.” 
Bonnie’s lips twitched when she heard that. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 422
Chapter 422 
Bonnie remarked, “You’re as bold and shameless as someone I know.” 
“Oh? Who is this person? What’s your relationship with them?” Thaddeus had a hunch she was referring to someone who could steal her from him. 
“You probably don’t know him,” Bonnie said dryly, “Fine, I can see how sincere you are. I’ll take you in as my apprentice, but you’ll have to-” 
Before she could finish, Thaddeus held up his wine glass and proposed a toast, “Let’s drink to you, Ms. Bonnie.” 
He was so pragmatic and opportunistic that he reminded Bonnie of Ivor. She downed her wine and officially took in Thaddeus as her apprentice. 
He asked, “How old are you, Ms. Bonnie?” 
“I’m twenty.” 
“You’re only twenty?!” He was shocked. 
Bonnie raised her brow and asked, “What’s wrong? Do I look older than that?” 
Thaddeus hastily explained, “Th–that’s not it! You have such silky skin and an exquisite face. How does that make you look old? I was just surprised because you mastered culinary 
arts at only twenty.” 
Bonnie said, “Speaking of which, I’ll make a few dishes for you to taste. After all, I’m your 
teacher now.” 
“} 
Thaddeus was thrilled. “That’s wonderful!” 
Soon after, Bonnie entered the hotel’s kitchen. The chefs and the one who knew Bonnie 
huddled around her to watch her cook. 
“Her knife skills are spectacular. Before I knew it, she already cut the vegetables into thin 
strips.” 
“Forget that. Look at how thinly she sliced the carrots so evenly.” 
“What a divine fragrance! I think her fillet is done. Just the smell makes my mouth water!” 
Even Thaddeus, who had tasted various delicacies worldwide, could not help but gulp. Although the chefs at this hotel praised and boasted about how great her cooking was, he never knew she was this good. 
Chapter 422 
2/2 
An hour later, Bonnie completed eight dishes. “All done! Have a taste.” 
“You don’t have to tell me twice!” Thaddeus hastily picked up a fork and knife. He could not wait to taste these exquisite dishes. He cut into a piece of trout fillet and ate it. Bonnie had rinsed the trout with the freshest, sweetest broth he had ever tasted. 
It gave the dish another layer of refreshing flavor. It tasted so heavenly that Thaddeus felt like he had been transported to another realm. 
Bonnie asked, “So, how is it? Not bad, huh?” 
He gave her a thumbs–up and said, “Not bad? It’s nothing short of divine, Ms. Bonnie! It almost feels like a dish meant for Gods and not us mortal beings!” 
‘That’s it! I’ll make Bonnie my wife!‘ 
When he returned home, he called Ivor and bragged about the glorious woman he met. “I’m telling you, Ivor, her culinary skills are incomparable! I’ll even say no one can compare to her cooking!” 
‘No one makes a better dish than Bonnie,‘. Ivor thought, ‘Still, I won’t tell him that. What’ll I do if he starts having funny ideas about her?‘ 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 423
Chapter 423 
“Congratulations,” Ivor said indifferently. 
“It’s too early for that. Although she’s not my girlfriend or anything yet, I became her apprentice. She promised to let me visit her place and learn how to cook every Saturday. Now, all I need is time. With my capabilities, I’m confident I can win her heart.” 
person. 
Ivor said truthfully, “I hope you get what you want. Either way, she sounds like a good 
I think many people have tried hitting on her. Did you ask if she has a boyfriend?” 
“I didn’t ask.” Thaddeus shrugged. “I don’t see the point. What matters is if she’s married or engaged. I can never tear a family apart, but there’s nothing wrong with hitting on her if she only has a boyfriend. 
“Don’t you think I can still try to win her heart even if she has a boyfriend? What matters is if a guy can get his girlfriend to marry him.” 
“You have a point there,” Ivor agreed wholeheartedly. That was the same principle he 
worked with when he first fell in love with Bonnie. It did not matter who loved her or if she 
had feelings for anyone else. 
He would have kept trying to win her heart until he succeeded or died trying. 
Friday arrived in the blink of an eye. Everyone in the lecture hall intensely discussed shares 
and stocks. 
“Did you hear, Bonnie? The class representative bought some shares and profited from flipping them! Everyone’s studying shares now. Do you want to give it a whir?” Avril checked the stock app on her phone while speaking. 
Bonnie put down her book and said, “If you’re interested, I recommend you buy some of the Tang Fusion Studios‘ shares or focus on the technology sectors.‘ 
Avril was merely striking up a conversation and did not expect Bonnie to be interested. After all, the latter owned Tang Fusion Studios. Hence, Avril wondered why Bonnie wanted to rake 
in more money. 
Still, Avril could sense Bonnie’s confidence by how the latter talked. Avril asked in puzzlement, “Why just those two? Do you have insider information or something?” 
Before Bonnie could respond, they heard a sarcastic voice, “Bonnie’s just bluffing. Do you think she knows anything about shares? She’s just mouthing off.” 
Chapter 423 
2/2 
The person speaking was a young man named Frankde, who adored Natalee. He tried to humiliate Bonnie in front of everyone to avenge Natalee in any way he could. 
Bonnie looked at him disdainfully and said, “What’s it to you? Why are you mouthing off?” 
“Good one, Bonnie!” Avril cheered her friend on. 
Frankie was furious. When he saw Natalee entering the lecture hall, he wanted to show her how masculine he was. He raised his voice and retorted, “I know you had a perfect score on the SATS and won the Best Scholar Award, but that doesn’t make you special, Bonnie!” 
She countered, “I don’t know if that makes me special, but I know that anyone who didn’t get into Pyralis University with a full SAT score needs to shut their mouths.” 
“Hahaha!” Her words amused all her classmates. 
Frankie’s fury grew. “I heard what you said earlier. You said we can buy Tang Fusion Studios 
shares or focus on the technology sectors. I looked into it and found that buying them would bring nothing. 
“Let’s make a bet if you dare. I’ll apologize if you win, but you’ll have to apologize to me and Natalee if you lose. What do you think?” 
Natalee heard him and ran toward them. Frankie was thrilled and thought he had made her fall in love with him. However, she suddenly slapped his face and said, “You can bug Bonnie all you want, but don’t drag me into it!” 
Chapter 424 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 424
Chapter 424 
Natalee was so pissed off that her chest was rising and falling rapidly. Her eyes were filled with burning fury when she looked at Frankie. 
The lecture hall was so quiet that they could hear a pin drop. 
Frankie was covering his face as his jaws dropped. He was startled by her reaction. “I–I’m doing this for you, Natalee! She was so mean to you. On top of that, she almost got you expelled from the university. Don’t you want to get back at her after what she did to you?” 
“Who told you have to do anything for me? Also, why would I want to get back at Bonnie? I was the one who started a fight with her and got myself into the mess. So, how is that her fault? If anything, it’s my fault. She’s just a victim of my unreasonable behaviors. 
“On top of that, I would’ve wasted my time at the university if Bonnie hadn’t said what she said and given me a wake–up call. You might just see her as my classmate, but I think of her as one of the most important people in my life. I owe her a big deal!” 
The next moment, she bowed to Bonnie in front of everybody to show her gratitude. Everyone was stunned by the sight. Even Avril, who knew the unbridled truth about Natalee’s incident, was so shocked by what she saw that she was at a loss for words. 
Natalee averted her gaze and looked at Frankie. She said coldly, “Stop messing around if you know what’s good for you. I don’t want anything to do with you in the future.” 
With that, she brushed past him, walked to the seat behind Bonnie, and started reading a 
book 
His face still felt searing from where Natalee slapped him. He also realized everyone was giving him dirty, mocking looks and their judgmental mutterings. In the blink of an eye, his resentment for Bonnie skyrocketed. 
“This is all Bonnie’s fault! She’s the reason I’m humiliated this way. I don’t care what Natalee said. I’m going to make her pay!‘ 
Bonnie ignored his hateful glares and was about to continue reading her book, but Russell’s 
assistant called her. 
“This is bad, Bonnie! Mr. Russell had fallen ill. He’s in the hospital and said he needs to see you now!” 
She frowned and said, “Alright. I’m on my way 
now!” 
Just as she hung up the phone, the bell from the clock tower rang, indicating the 
1 
2/2 
commencement of classes. 
Professor Reece had just entered the class when he saw Bonnie, who was walking out of the 
Frankie seized the opportunity and yelled, “Look at her, Professor Reece. She doesn’t respect the class at all. She left without asking you so much. She downright disrespects your authority!” 
Everyone at Pyralis University knew that Reece was extremely strict and hated tardy students. He didn’t care who the student was, too. Status and powers meant nothing to him. 
That was also why none of his students had ever been tardy or played games with him. 
You’re in for it now, Bonnie!‘ 
“Hold it, Bonnie!” Reece’s face turned red from anger. “Go back to your seat now! Otherwise, I’m going to flunk you for this subject.” 
Turning around, she explained to the professor, “The university president is ill. He wanted to see me.” 
“Pfft… Hahaha!” Frankie held his belly and laughed. “Did you hear her, everyone? What monsense is she saying? Did she just say the university president had fallen ill and wanted to see her immediately? 
“Who does she think she is? Do you fancy yourself the president’s granddaughter?” 
“Not really. I’m just….” 
“Listen to yourself! You just admitted that you’re not the university president’s granddaughter. Then, why would he ask for you if he’s ill? 
“Come on. You could’ve devised a better excuse if you wanted to skip the class. Do you think Professor Reece is an idiot, or are you playing him for a fiddle because you think you’re brilliant?” He continued, trying to complicate the situation further. 
Bonnie grew impatient. She needed to get to Russell as soon as possible. So, her tone turned cold when she spoke. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 425
Chapter 425 
“You’re the only one insinuating that Professor Reece is an idiot. Don’t make it my problem. Also, it’s none of your business who I’m visiting at the hospital, and it’s none of your concern how the professor will punish me. 
“I don’t need you fanning the flames here. Anyone who could get into this university can think for themselves. You’re a fool if you think Professor Reece can’t tell you’re trying to stir up trouble here.” 
Reece heard what she said and regarded Frankie coldly. However, that didn’t mean he would let Bonnie do whatever she pleased. 
“My stand remains the same, Bonnie. If you take a step out of this door, I’m going to flunk you. I’ll make it impossible for you to graduate from this university!” 
She cast a nonchalant glance at him. Then, she left the lecture hall without any hesitation. 
Reece was so pissed off that he almost passed out. Taking a blackboard eraser, he hammered it on the podium. “I’ve been a professor for a long time, but I’ve never seen anyone as insolent as her!” 
Frankie almost couldn’t stop himself from sneering when he saw how pissed off the professor was. 
‘It won’t be long now. Bonnie’s going to get her comeuppance. 
‘As far as I’m concerned, the university president wasn’t involved in Natalee’s incident. Bonnie must’ve pulled some wicked tricks and got a hold of 
Natalee hadn’t acted like herself for the past few de 
der. That should explain why 
On the other side, Bonnie arrived at the hospital. She looked at Russell’s medical report, and 
her delicate brows furrowed. 
“Don’t worry about it, Bonnie. It’s not that serious.” Russell’s face 
smiled. 
pale, but he still 
“You know I have medical knowledge, Russell. I know what’s happening with you, and it doesn’t look good.” She checked his pulse. 
It was so weak that she could barely feel it. 
“You shouldn’t worry about the university for the time being. Instead, you need to rest.” 
“You’re right.” The older man smiled warmly. “I’m leaving the university in your care from here on out. I believe it’ll grow stronger with you at its helm. Pyralis University will be able 
Chapter 425 
to mold more students into bright minds!” 
2/2 
Raising her hand, she rubbed her eyebrow helplessly. She knew he’d thrust his task to her before she came to the hospital. 
“You can’t turn it down, Bonnie! If you do, I’ll have to return to work.” 
She knew he was trying to win her sympathy, but that didn’t mean she could let him go to the university in his current state. 
back 
“I can promise that I’ll help run the university for now. As for the position of the university president…” Before she could finish, he sighed and cut her off. 
“I know you don’t care about titles and fame, Bonnie. You might’ve thrown yourself into the scientific research, but you didn’t do it for praise from the general public or the country. 
“You did it because you love it. It’s meaningful to you. Although you put on a calm face every time you manage to develop something, I know, deep down, you’re more than thrilled about it.” 
Lowering her gaze, she remained quiet. What Russell said hit home. 
“However, university education is equally meaningful, especially at Pyralis University. All sorts of highly talented people have gathered here. Once they succeed in their fields, I have no doubt they will become pillars of our country! 
“Just take a look at your classmate, Natalee. At first, she was so proud that she got into the university that she became sloppy. She hasn’t received any outstanding scores since she 
arrived. 
“I looked into her background a little. She used to be the best student in high school, getting the highest score in every single subject. She sacrificed a lot to achieve what she achieved. 
“Natalee was one of the talents willing to commit herself to her study. If you hadn’t confronted her and made her see the error of her ways, she would’ve ruined the rest of her life. Are you going to tell me what you did there is meaningless?” Russell tried his best to persuade her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 426
Chapter 426 
Bonnie had to give it to Russell. He was making a lot of sense. 
He noticed her faltering and continued, “Don’t you want more students to get the same wake -up call as Natalee? That way, they wouldn’t waste their time in the university.” 
“You say that, but my work at the research institute is already taking up most of my time. I will fail at both ends if I try to do everything. Moreover, it’s what you used to tell me, too. We have to focus on our goals. Otherwise, we’re going to make a mess of everything.” 
Bonnie said. 
“Yeah. I must admit I did say that. I believe a lot of older adults told you the same thing. However, things are different when it comes to you! You’re not even a human… Ahem…” 
‘Geez! Look at me. I almost blurted out my inner thoughts.‘ 
Bonnie was staring at him. So, he said stubbornly, “What I’m trying to say is that your talents are out of this world. Yeah! That’s what I meant to say!” 
She didn’t believe him. He decided to drop it and change the topic. “Well. Take a look at yourself. You thrive at everything you do. That alone tells me you’re exceptionally talented.” 
“Are you sure? I think I’ve only excelled in my scientific research. The others are just hobbies.” She said sincerely. 
Russell’s jaws dropped a little before he patted himself in the chest. 
He was the university president of the top university in Pyralis. Naturally, he was also highly talented in many areas. He was renowned for his skill sets, character, and wisdom. At this moment, however, what she said made him feel pathetic and inferior. 
“Your talent in piano is good enough for you to be the president of the Pyralian Pianists Association. Are you honestly telling me it was just a hobby for you? I’m not even talking about your other talents.” 
“Exactly. I picked it up as a hobby because I was bored. There’s an important reason behind it. Playing piano inspires me to make a breakthrough in my scientific research.” 
“Um…” Russell gulped. “How about you treat my position as a hobby, too? Don’t worry. I won’t ask you to do much. After all, you’re the science prodigy. It wouldn’t do for me just to plop the position of university president on your shoulder. That’d be wasting your talent. 
“Instead, you’ll be the type of president who could go about your life without caring about what happens at the university unless something emergency happens. Then, you’ll show up 
Chapter 426 
and deal with it. What say you?” 
‘I will turn the entire Pyralis upside down if my word ever got out to the public. The president of Pyralis University is a highly respected position! Here I am, saying I’d be wasting her talent if I entrust the position to her.‘ 
Bonnie gave it some thought and made up her mind soon. 
“I’m just going to take over your position for now. I will step down again once you start getting better and recover completely.” 
“Alrighty! You call the shot! I’ll take over again as soon as I recover fully!” 
He grinned from ear to ear. 
‘I’ve finally convinced you to become the university president. I’m not going to recover, ever, so to speak.‘ 
2/2 
“Head back to the university. I’ll ask my assistant to inform the top management, and we’ll get the ceremony going.” 
Frowning, she said, “I just want to be an ordinary student at the university. I’d like to keep a low profile.” 
“Fine, then. We’ll just inform the top management personnel and hold a simple meeting. We’ll let them know you’re the new university president behind closed doors. Is that good enough for you?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 427
Chapter 427 
1/2 
Before Bonnie could reject, Russell added, “After all, you’re their new leader. You’re the new president of Pyralis University. Are you honestly going to ask me to keep your identity hidden when you’re the new head? How does that even make sense?” 
She thought about it and found that he had a point. “Alright, then. We’ll do it your way.” 
He was thrilled to see that she had given way to his wishes. It felt as if he had primarily recovered from his illness. He whipped his head and looked at his assistant. He said excitingly, “Do it, now! Inform the top management personnel that we will have the meeting tomorrow!” 
His assistant reminded him. “Tomorrow’s Saturday, Mr. Russell.” 
“Geez. Look at me and my dummy brain! Gah! Why does it have to be a Saturday tomorrow?” Russell was so worked up that he worried she might change her mind after a few days. 
“Calm down, Mr. Russell. We can have the meeting next Monday!” 
“How am I supposed to calm down? We’re talking about three days here! I have to work my butt to finally trick Bonnie into taking the position. 
“What will I do if she regrets her decision after a few days? Will you find another worthy person to take over my position?” Russell growled. 
His assistant’s jaw dropped. Then, he gave the president a look. 
Russell came back to his senses and looked at her immediately. “Don’t get me wrong, Bonnie. I don’t mean that. I didn’t try to trick you. I wanted you to be the university president! I’m honestly doing what’s best for my students. I…” 
“It’s okay, Russell.” She smiled hopelessly. “It doesn’t matter if you’re tricking me. The fact is, I gave you my word, and I intend to keep it. Don’t worry about it. I’ll be there in the meeting on Monday.” 
Russell let out a sigh of relief. He could finally rest easy now. 
Bonnie returned to her villa and caught a delicious odor from the kitchen. She entered it and was pleasantly surprised to see Ivor making dinner. 
“You’re home. Wash your hands. Dinner’s about to be ready.” The affection in his voice was unmistakable, and she liked it. 
Walking over to his side, she saw that he had finished several dishes. They looked delicious, 
too. 
“When did you learn to cook?” 
“I’ve seen you done it a few times. So, I secretly remembered the steps.” 
h, so that’s how it is. You stole my culinary skills. You have to know that this is a serious offense. Tell me, what will you do about it?” she said deliberately. 
Taking off the apron, he unbuttoned his shirt. 
“W–What do you think you’re doing?” She took a step back. 
“Didn’t you just ask me to do something about it? Well, it’s not like you need money. So, I have no choice but to offer you my excellent body.” He said it in the most gentlemanly tone. 
She couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him. Then, she changed the topic immediately. “Let’s eat. I want to taste your cooking.” 
He stopped in his tracks. He had unbuttoned a couple of his buttons. If only she had gone along with him, he would’ve done it all through. 
Not long after, he served all the dishes on the dining table. 
“Dinner’s ready, Vince. Come on down,” she shouted at the little boy upstairs. 
“Alright. I’m coming.” The little boy raced down the stairs. 
Ivor stared at Vince. The longer he stared at the latter, the more he thought the little boy looked familiar. For his life, he couldn’t place it. 
She sat at the dining table and realized Ivor made her favorite dishes. She couldn’t help but feel moved by this gesture. 
Stabbing a piece of Jamaican jerk pork ribs, she took a bite. Then, her eyes sparkled. 
“Not bad at all. It’s rich and savory, not too greasy. Also, I can taste the hint of sweetness without it overpowering the meat’s flavor. I didn’t think you could do this well on a first try.” 
“Why, of course. You have to know just how awesome I am by now.” Ivor said, thrilled. 
“It’s not his first ribs, though. He spent the whole day in the kitchen. He even burnt his hand.” Vince noticed how he hid his hands under the table. 
Suddenly, she put down her cutlery and walked over to Ivor. Then, she took his hands swiftly and examined them. 
There were a lot of blisters on the back of his hands. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 428
Chapter 428 
Bonnie’s brows knitted tightly. “Why couldn’t you have been more careful?” 
It might’ve sounded like she was scolding him, but the deep affection in her tone was unmistakable. 
Ivor’s lips curled into a smile. ‘It’s great that my hands got burnt. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know how much she cared about me.‘ 
“It’s okay. These are but small injuries. It’ll recover by itself after a few days.” 
Turning around, she climbed the stairs and brought her medkit down. “I’m going to pierce the blisters and apply some ointment. You’ll have to bear with it.” 
“It’s okay, I mean it. You should go back to dinner. You must’ve been exhausted after an entire day of classes.” 
“Stop moving!” One phrase. That was all it took for Ivor to stop in his tracks. 
Ged had just come in when he saw this moment. ‘What a bad timing.‘ 
“I came here for a free meal. Why do I have to suffer this lovey–dovey moment?” 
Then, he walked over to their side and saw the blisters on Ivor’s hands. 
“What’s going on with your hands, Ivor?” 
Vince responded, “Ivor was burnt when he tried to cook.” 
That stunned Ged. “D–Did the boy just say you’re trying to cook, Ivor?” Then, he looked at the sky and said, “I wonder if the sun’s going to come out from the west tomorrow.‘ 
Averting his gaze from the sky, he watched Bonnie apply the ointment for Ivor. He pursed his lips. It didn’t take a genius to figure out why Ivor was cooking. 
“Let’s see. How does your cooking taste?” 
He randomly picked a dish and popped it into his mouth. 
“Mmm! It tastes great! I didn’t think you’d be able to cook this well!” 
Ivor looked at her with humor in his eyes. “That’s because I have a wonderful fiancé.” 
Suddenly, Ged didn’t think his dishes were as delicious as they were a second ago. “Tsk tsk tsk! It’s salty. It tastes very salty! Did you pour a whole bottle of salt into your dishes?” 
Vince proceeded to eat several more mouthfuls. Then, he said, bewildered, “It isn’t sour, 
Chapter 428 
though. They’re delicious if you ask me.” 
2/2 
“You’re just a kid. You won’t get it.” Ged looked at the little boy’s delicate face. At the next moment, he said puzzlingly. 
“Huh? Don’t you find the little boy’s mug a little familiar? Why do I get the feeling I’ve seen 
him before?” 
Ivor and Bonnie glance at Vince. Truthfully, they feel the same way. 
Later, she packed up her medkit and told Ivor, “Tomorrow’s Saturday. You should take a good rest at home. You don’t have to drop by,” 
‘If he comes here and sees me teaching Thaddeus how to cook, he’s just going to be jealous.‘ 
“Tomorrow is an off day, yet you asked me to stay away. Are you planning on bringing someone here?” 
What he said made her feel a little on edge. 
‘Geez. He knows me well.‘ 
“You’re reading too much into it. Weren’t you very busy for the past week? Also, your hands are burnt. You need to take it easy.” 
Ivor was eyeing her sharply. Then, an idea came to her, and she said, “To be honest, I’m exhausted too. I’m going to sleep in and let myself relax tomorrow. Once I’m well–rested, I’ll go to your place and make you dinner.” 
He relaxed a little and said, “Okay. I’ll be waiting.” 
On their way back, Ged realized that his friend was always sporting a sour face. 
“Why are you still this annoyed? She didn’t want you to go to her place tomorrow because she didn’t want you to tire yourself out. Moreover, she said she’s going to make you dinner.” “When has she pampered me like that?” Ivor squinted and said coldly. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 429
Chapter 429 
Ged was stunned. “What are you trying to say here? Do you think Bonnie was trying to keep you away? Really? Why would she do something like that?” 
“I guess we’ll find out tomorrow.” 
Is it fine for you to be doing something like that? If Bonnie sees it, she might…” 
“Well, then. I’ll just have to make sure she doesn’t see us.” Ivor had made up his mind. He was going to 
drop by her place without her knowing it. 
Shrugging, Ged said. “Alright. I guess I’ll go with you as well. The things I do for you.” 
“Aren’t you just doing it because you’re nosy and want to see what happens?” He responded, exasperated. 
“Hehehe. You know me well, old friend…” 
The next day, Thaddeus drove to Bonnie’s place early in the morning. 
“I didn’t count on you staying in Lenfield Resort! What’s more, you’re staying in the best villa in the neighborhood! My family also tried getting their hands on this villa when the project was first announced. 
“In the end, they told us they reserved it for someone. That piqued my interest! Everyone knows that Tang 
Fusion Studios developed the Lenfield Resort. For them to reserve it for someone, that person has to be 
one of the company’s employees. 
“That begs the question. How are you related to Tang Fusion Studios? How did you get your hands on this 
villa?” 
She was suffering a slight headache from his questions. “Are you here to learn culinary skills, or are you 
here to bombard me with irrelevant questions? Look, you’re free to leave if you’re not going to learn about 
cooking. I can go back to my sleep.” 
“Don’t get upset, master. I’m just curious. That’s all. I’m going to stop asking about it now. I’ll shut my 
trap.” He said as he made a gesture to zip his mouth. 
She pointed at the shoe cabinet and said, “There’s some slippers there. Help yourself.” 
“Oh, sure.” He opened the cabinet door and realized there were slippers for kids and a pair for 
guys. 
From the looks of it, somebody wore it. 
It occurred to her that Ivor was a neat freak. So, she stopped and said, “Don’t wear that pair of slippers. You can take a new one down there. It’s still sealed in plastic.” 
Judging by her look and words, he mulled it over for a couple of seconds before he asked quietly, “Is the slipper’s owner a neat freak?” 
“You’re kind of smart.” 
“Why, of course! I might look like an ordinary guy, but I used to get second place in every single subject 
Chapter 429 
back when I was a student!” 
That piqued her interest. “Well, then. Who took the first place?” 
“Uh…” He parted his lips. “You don’t know him.” 
She raised her delicate brows, but she didn’t press anymore. 
“I’m curious. Who’s the guy who wore the slipper? Is he trying to hit on you?” He asked. 
2/2 
After a few seconds of silence, she decided she didn’t have to hide the truth. “Yeah. You can say that.” 
Thaddeus maintained his smile. There was a hint of gloominess in his eyes now, but he didn’t let it bother him too much. 
‘Well, Bonnie is an excellent lady. It’ll be weird if no one else tries to win her heart. With that said, I didn’t 
think that one of them managed to gain entry to her place. I’ll have to act faster and make her fall in love 
with me.‘ 
“How does he look? Who’s more handsome? Me or him?” 
“I guess you guys are evenly matched in the looks department. I have to say that I like his mug more than yours.” She said truthfully. 
Thaddeus couldn’t help but feel that a considerable threat was looming in the future after he heard what 
she said. 
“Do you love him?” 
Her patience had run out. “Are you here to hone your culinary skills?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 430
Chapter 430 
“Of course I am.” Thaddeus put on indoor slippers and went into the kitchen with Bonnie. 
“What are we going to cook today?” 
She opened the fridge. “I’ve prepared the ingredients. I will teach you how to make blackened catfish and Jamaican jerk pork ribs. Hmm… Let’s add cheeseburger sliders to the list. Kids love that. 
“You might think sliders are typical food, and you could easily make it. That’s not the case here. Culinary art isn’t all about the ingredients. If your skills are subpar, then even the best and most expensive ingredients would’ve been wasted. 
“It takes an excellent cook to make the most common food ever.” 
“I agree with you wholeheartedly.” He nodded. Then, he couldn’t stop himself from asking it. “Speaking of, 
I noticed a pair of slippers for kids in the cabinet earlier. A minute ago, you talked about making a dish 
that kids love. 
“Who’s the kid to you? Is he your little brother?” 
“I guess you can say that.” She responded. 
“Does that mean he’s, in fact, not your little brother?” He sensed that there was more to the story. 
She slammed the catfish onto the cutting board and gave him a sidelong glance, giving him a hint. 
He immediately made another gesture and zipped his mouth shut. 
At that moment, a black Maybach quietly pulled over outside her villa. Ged pointed at the luxurious car parked on the porch and asked, “Why does that car look a little familiar?” 
Ivor also noticed the white Bentley. 
“Why does that look so much like Thaddeus’s car?” The more he looked at it, the more he thought he was right. “It can’t be, though.” 
Then, he cast his mind back to what his childhood friend told him a few days ago. 
‘Thaddeus told me he became an apprentice to a lady with excellent culinary skills. He also said she was 
glorious. 
‘Wait a minute. That reminds me. The chef at Jade Horizon Hotel served us food every time I went there with Bonnie. He was very respectful toward her, too. 
‘Could it be…?‘ 
At the thought of that, he quickly opened the car door and got out. Once he opened the villa door, he saw 
a pair of male leather shoes at the entrance. 
Ged was surprised to see it. “Do you think Bonnie wanted to keep you away because she’s seeing someone behind your back?” 
Chapter 430 
2/2 
As soon as he said it, he covered his mouth and looked at his best friend. “Um… I’m just thinking out loud, Ivor. Perhaps Benedict is here. As for the car…” 
Before he could finish, Ivor had already entered the living room. He heard a commotion in the kitchen and 
dashed over. 
He was approaching the door when he heard a man’s voice. 
“seriously have no idea how to cut the vegetables, master. Could you take my hand and show me how 
it’s done?” 
‘Wait a minute. That voice…‘ 
Ged’s eyes widened in shock as he looked at Ivor. 
The latter said, “Perhaps I should show you how it’s done. I’ll even hold your hand.” 
Thaddeus was stunned when he heard the voice. Then, he turned around sharply and finally saw his 
childhood friend. He stared at Ivor so hard that his eyes would pop out. 
“I–Ivor? What are you doing here?” 
Squinting, Ivor said blankly, “That’s my line. What are you doing in my fiancé’s place?” 
“What?! She’s your… You guys are… Is she the fiancee your grandpa made you get engaged to?!” 
Thaddeus’s jaw dropped as he repeatedly shifted his shocked gaze between Bonnie and Ivor. 
Instead of answering him, Ivor walked over to her side. Reaching out, he pulled her into his embrace and showed her his childhood friend, the boss, around here. 
Ged walked over to Thaddeus and held him by the shoulder. He spoke as if he weren’t part of the problem, “What a good show! It turns out your master is Ivor’s fiancé. That means Ivor is your master, by extension, too. Hahaha!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 431
Chapter 431 
1/2 
Ivor looked at Thaddeus and said, “Let me hear it. Also, calling me ‘master‘ isn’t going to cut it. You’ll 
have to make a toast in my name too.” 
Thaddeus’s lips twitched. The sight of Ivor and Bonnie standing together stung him so much. 
“The truth is, you don’t look good together, Ivor.” 
Ivor released his grip on Bonnie’s waist and said gently to her, “Go ahead and prepare dinner. The two of 
us are going to talk outside.” 
“Do whatever you want.” Bonnie knew what they planned to do, but she was unbothered. 
Not long after, she heard the sounds of fighting coming from outside. 
‘That’s weird. They’re fighting so fiercely, and they’re not exactly being discreet. So, why didn’t Vince show up? He should’ve been up by now.‘ She then decided, ‘I have to go upstairs and check on him.‘ 
She stepped out of the kitchen and saw Ivor throw Thaddeus over his shoulder before flinging him across 
the room. 
“Motherfucker! Do you have to take it this far, Ivor? I mean it. You guys don’t look good together. Can’t a guy tell the truth?” 
” E F 5F 
“I suppose you think you look good with her, then?” 
“Heh! This is the first thing you’ve said that makes sense today.” 
“You asked for it!” Ivor charged at him again. 
Ged was eating a bucket of popcorn and cheering them on. “Go get him, Ivor! Teach him a lesson! 
“Come on, Thaddeus. You’re not a punching bag. Fight back, for heaven’s sake! Don’t worry about it. Just aim for his pretty face! Once you ruin his good looks, Bonnie won’t even look at him!” 
She simply couldn’t be bothered with these men. She hastened upstairs and went inside Vince’s room. 
That was when she realized the little boy was lying on the bed. There were rashes all over his body. 
“What’s the matter, Vince?!” 
The little boy opened his eyes weakly and said, “H–Hi, Bonnie. D–Don’t worry about it. I–I’m…” 
He couldn’t even finish his sentence before he slipped into unconsciousness. 
“Vince!” 
Grabbing his arm quickly, she checked his pulse. 
and 
Ivor heard her voice from downstairs. He abandoned his fight with Thaddeus and ran off to Vince’s room. 
“What came over him?” Thaddeus asked, completely stunned. 
Chapter 431 
Tossing the popcorn bucket aside, Ged responded, “I think something happened to Vince.” 
“Who’s Vince?” Thaddeus asked before he remembered about the pair of kid slippers. “You mean 
Bonnie’s little brother.” 
“There’s no time to explain. We have to check on him now.” 
Thaddeus watched as Ged rushed to the stairs and followed after him. 
The first thing he saw when he entered the room was Bonnie checking a little boy’s pulse. 
“Huh? Does she know what she’s doing?” He asked as he shook Ged’s shoulder. 
Ged didn’t see a reason to keep anything from him. “Will you believe me if I tell you she’s a world- 
renowned miracle doctor?” 
“It’s been a long time since we last met. It seems you’re getting better at making up stories.” 
Realizing that Thaddeus didn’t believe him, Ged couldn’t be bothered to explain further. 
“Huh?” Thaddeus took brisk steps toward the bed. He reached out and touched Vince’s face. 
2
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 432
Chapter 432 
Bonnie stopped him and asked, “What are you doing?” 
“I–I think this is a food allergy reaction.” Thaddeus’s hand, which was still touching Vince’s face, started 
trembling. 
“How did you know about that?” She didn’t know about it herself until after she checked the little boy’s pulse. 
He took a deep breath before he looked at her solemnly. “Did you give him the cheeseburger sliders? Were there tomatoes in them?” 
She was stunned. “How do you know about that?” 
“I knew it! I knew it!” Thaddeus was overjoyed. 
He looked at Vince’s face, which was covered with rashes. However, Vince’s features gave Thaddeus enough information to know he was right. 
Bonnie and the rest did not have the foggiest idea of what he was getting at. 
“What on earth has gotten over you, Thaddeus? Why do you look so happy?” Ged asked. 
He pointed at Vince’s face before pointing at his own. 
“Don’t you guys think he looks familiar?” 
Now that he pointed it out, they finally understood. 
“Dang! I–Is he your long lost brother?” Ged was so shocked that he almost bit his tongue. 
“It’s highly possible.” 
“We live in a big world. Sometimes we meet strangers who look exactly like someone we know. Also, what are the freaking odds?” 
Thaddeus pointed at the rashes on the little boy’s face. “I also have an allergy to tomatoes. Once, I almost died because I ate some of it.” 
Everyone fell silent immediately. 
Standing up, she said, “Let’s put this aside for now. Vince is in a dire situation, and I don’t have the necessary medical equipment here. We have to send him to the hospital for an IV drip.” 
“Okay!” Thaddeus quickly carried the little boy in his arms to the ground floor. 
The Shermans stopped everything they were doing and rushed to the hospital as soon as they got news 
about Vince. 
“Are you sure the little boy’s your brother, Thaddeus?” Dominick was so overwhelmed that his hands couldn’t stop shaking. 
Chapter 432 
2/2 
Thaddeus’s mother, Willow Sherman, was also very excited. Her eyes were completely red. Evidently, she 
cried on her way here. 
“He looks exactly like me, and he had an allergic reaction because he ate some tomatoes. We’ll have to run some DNA tests to know for sure, though,” he answered. 
However, he was pretty convinced that Vince was his younger brother. 
Dominick and Willow held each other and said, “Heavens, please let the little boy be our son!” 
Not long after, the door to the emergency room swung open. Bonnie rolled the hospital bed out. 
Now that they had a chance to look at Vince, whose eyes were shut, both of them were pretty sure that they had found their long–lost son. 
“How’s he doing, Bonnie?” 
She took off her mask. “I just ran a thorough body checkup for him and gave him the relevant treatment. We can be sure he had an allergy to tomatoes. He’s stabilized now.” 
“Wonderful! That’s great. Thank the heavens!” 
She frowned slightly. “I’m sorry. This was my fault. I made him the sliders with tomatoes in them yesterday.” 
“Why would anyone blame you? You didn’t know about it, after all,” Ivor said, feeling heartbroken. 
“Exactly! This isn’t your fault at all. We made the same mistake with Thaddeus, back when he was very young. We didn’t know he was allergic to tomatoes, and he was bedridden for days.” 
Willow had nothing but gratitude for Bonnie. 
Dominick said, “Ivor told us about what you did for Vince. If you hadn’t taken him in and sent him to school, he might still be homeless somewhere. 
“Thank you, Bonnie. I mean it. I appreciate what you did for him!” Dominick’s eyes were filled with tears as 
he spoke. 
“Oh. That reminds me,” Bonnie said. “I had them run a DNA test using samples of Vince and Thaddeus’s blood. The result should be out anytime now.” 
The next moment, a young nurse holding the result walked toward her. 
“This is the DNA test result you asked for, Ms. Bonnie.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 433
Chapter 433 
“What do the results say?!” Dominick and his family asked at the same time. 
Bonnie took the report and flipped through it. Her lips curled into a smile as she said, “Good news. Your long lost son has finally returned to your side.” 
A 
“This is fantastic! Thank the merciful heavens! I’ve found my youngest son, at last!” Dominick, who was 
six feet tall, burst into tears. 
Willow and Thaddeus were crying their eyes out too. 
Half an hour later, Vince woke up, and Bonnie told him everything. 
His lips trembled as he asked, “A–Are you making a joke, Bonnie? D–Do you mean it when you say they are my family?” 
Nodding, she said, “We did the DNA test. You guys are family. 
“I’m sorry, my boy! It’s our fault that you suffered so much alone out there!” Dominick pulled the little boy 
into his embrace as he spoke. 
Willow and Thaddeus also came over and hugged them. 
Bonnie felt a lump in her throat when she witnessed this moment. “What are you waiting for, Vince? Greet 
your mom and dad.” 
The little boy’s eyes were completely red. It took him a long time to finally say, “Mom… Dad…” 
“Oh, my sweet boy!” 
Vince was so overwhelmed that he could no longer control himself. He finally cried like a child his age 
would. 
It took the Shermans a good while before they regained their composure. 
Wiping his tears away, Dominick approached Bonnie and said gratefully, “We had a slim chance of ever reuniting with Vince if it wasn’t for you, Bonnie. I owe you a great debt. 
“So, please, let us know if you need any help. I swear, the entire Sherman family will do our level best to 
repay you!” 
“There’s no need for that, Dominick. I wasn’t expecting anything in return when I helped Vince. I merely did it because I pitied him and found him quite mature. I truly liked him.” 
‘What a lady. I see why Ivor loves her this much,‘ he thought. Then he said, “What a shame. I sincerely hoped my other son could’ve won the heart of someone like you.” 
The next thing he knew, Ivor showed up and took her away. 
Thaddeus just kept sighing. “What can I say except that I was too late? Otherwise, I’m sure my shamelessness would’ve worn her down.” 
17 
Chapter 433 
2/2 
“That’s enough. Saying these won’t do you any good. Keep it up and find another lady. I’m counting on you to make me an adorable grandchild.” 
Thaddeus sighed heavily. “Now that I met someone as wonderful as Bonnie, I don’t think I’ll ever find another lady. After all, she raised the bar pretty damn high. I don’t think anyone could ever stir my heart.” 
“What do you mean by that, you punk? Are you going to let the Sherman bloodline end?” Dominick was so angry that his face turned red. 
Thaddeus turned around and glanced at Vince. “Well, you found your other son. Perhaps you entrust this hugely important task to him.” 
Dominick and Willow’s eyes sparkled as they looked at Vince. 
Their stares made the hair on the back of Vince’s neck stand up. He might have no idea what they were talking about, but he had a strong suspicion that big trouble had found him. 
In the blink of an eye, it was Monday. 
Bonnie checked the time. It was just 8 a.m. The meeting wasn’t going to start for an hour. So, she might as well read a book in the lecture hall. 
“Did you guys hear? The university president was seriously ill, and he suggested that a new person take over.” Frankie’s words caused a big commotion in the hall. 
“Where did you get the news? Is this really happening?” 
“Of course! The truth is, my dad works at this university. He told me about it,” he said proudly. 
“Well. It has to be true, then. Do you know who’s the new president? Is it a famous person? Come on, tell 
us.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 434
Chapter 434 
1/2 
Frankie shook his head. “I don’t know the specifics. All my dad said was that the new university president 
is already on campus.” 
hey the 
Avril overheard this. Leaning closer to Bonnie, she whispered, “Tell me the truth, Bonnie. Are you the new 
president?” 
Bonnie nodded. “I didn’t want the position, but I couldn’t bear to turn Russell down.” 
“Phew…” Avril let out a deep breath. She thought, ‘I know Bonnie and the president were quite close, but 
this is still shocking.‘ 
“When are you going to take over? Are they going to do some kind of ceremony?” Avril asked excitedly. She was already imagining Bonnie standing on stage and giving a speech to everyone on campus. 
She glanced at Frankie and thought. ‘Look at him, feeling so proud of himself. He’s going to look like a chump when he sees that Bonnie is the new president.’ 
“I’m going to attend the meeting soon, but we’re not going to announce anything publicly. So, mum’s the 
word.” Bonnie said, worried. 
“Huh? Why, though? You’re going to be the new president. Why wouldn’t you announce it? It’s such an honorable feat!” Avril couldn’t help but feel disappointed. 
Frowning, Bonnie responded, “I won’t know peace if I do that. Everyone’s going to hound me relentlessly. Moreover, I wouldn’t have kept my identity as Bonita under wraps if I cared about being popular.” 
Then, it finally hit Avril. ‘She’s right! Being the university president is an incredible feat, but it doesn’t hold a candle to her identity as Bonita! Ugh. I can’t stand it anymore. I have to share this news with someone.‘ 
Pulling out her phone, she sent Daken a text. “The university has a new president, Dad.” 
Daken replied to her, “Who’s that?” 
“Bonnie.” 
“Huh?!” 
She felt much better when she saw her dad’s reply. 
It’d be 9 a.m. in ten minutes. So Bonnie rose and walked out of the lecture hall. 
“Hold it, Bonnie!” Frankie stopped her. “Class is about to start soon. Where do you think you’re going?” 
Turning around, she said dryly, “Mind your own business.” 
Then she went away to attend the meeting without so much as a glance at him. 
He was so angered by her reaction that his neck turned red. 
‘Keep acting cocky while you can. I’m going to tell Dad about your blatant disregard for the campus rules as soon as the new university president is here. 
Chapter 434 
2/2 
‘The new president has just taken over. I’ll bet he can’t wait to exercise his authority and make himself look good in the process!‘ 
All of the top management personnel had gathered in the conference room. 
“Do you think the new university president is competent? Mr. Russell might’ve complimented her nonstop, but we won’t know for sure until we see her in action.” 
“Hear, hear. Needless to say, Mr. Russell commands our respect, but I’m going to rise and rebel if the new one doesn’t have what it takes to do the job. What’s your take on this, Reece?” 
Reece wore an irritated expression on his face. “It doesn’t matter what we think. We’re going to have a new university president. It’s decided. All I want is to ask her to expel a particular student who blatantly went against the rules.” 
“Who could that be? Look at you. You’re practically steaming.” Adan asked. 
“You know her too. You used to give lectures to her.” 
“Who in the world are you talking about? I don’t seem to recall any student going against the rules.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 435
Chapter 435 
1/2 
“Bonnie’s the only student who never focused during lectures. She even skipped classes regularly.” 
“Bonnie?” Adan was stunned. He didn’t think Reece was trying to expel her. 
“Exactly! Are you going to tell me that she’s never skipped your class?” 
“Well, she did. However, her talents are miles ahead of everyone else! I’m not exaggerating here, but her gifts and skills in computer science were far above mine. I’ve got nothing to teach her. In fact, she could 
show me a pointer or two.” 
Reece replied, “How could you say such a thing? She’s just a student. You’re supposed to be teaching her, 
not the other way around!” 
Adan wasn’t fazed by it at all. 
“Being a student doesn’t make her inferior, nor does being a teacher mean we’re better than her. Proficiency in scientific research doesn’t come with age. 
“Take a look at Ms. Bonita. We might not know what she looks like, but we do know that she’s young. Are you going to pretend you know everything in front of her just because she’s a young lady?” 
“That’s quite enough, Adan!” Reece roared, “You’ve got some nerve to take Ms. Bonita’s name in vain. How dare you compare her with that good–for–nothing? Do you know what would happen if people from her research institute or Ms. Bonita herself overheard what you said?” 
The other professors and the top management personnel couldn’t take their bickering anymore and tried 
to defuse the situation. 
“Stop it, both of you. The new president is going to be here soon. What’s she going to think about us when she sees you guys fighting over a student? 
“As for that Bonnie character, you guys can bring it up for discussion when she’s here. She’ll decide if it’s necessary to expel this student.” 
The next thing they knew, Russell’s assistant came into the conference room. 
“The new president is here. Please rise, everyone.” 
Everyone was brimming with curiosity. 
‘Who’s the new president? As far as I heard, it’s someone from the campus itself. However, every reputable figure in the university is already here. So, who in the world took over Russell’s place?’ 
Everyone was staring at the door with anticipation when Bonnie slowly appeared before them. 
The top management personnel gaped at her, especially Reece and Adan. Never had they thought that Bonnie could be the new president. For heaven’s sake, they were her professors. 
“Greetings, I’m the new university president. My name’s Bonnie.” She stood at the head of the table and introduced herself calmly. 
Chapter 435 
2/2 
Silence hung over the conference room. 
It was so quiet that they could’ve heard a pin drop. None of them could believe what they were seeing. Some of them even subtly pinched their own thighs. 
“Please be seated, everyone,” she said before she pulled the chair out and sat down. 
Then she realized everyone was frozen to their spot. None of them moved a muscle. 
“Are you guys going to stand there until the meeting adjourns?” 
Her words brought everyone back to their senses. All of them proceeded to take their seats, although 
they moved stiffly. 
‘How could this be? Why is she the new president?‘ Reece stared at her. The longer he looked at her, the 
harder it was for him to accept the truth. 
She noticed his stare and said, “You’re giving me a funny look, Professor Reece. Is there anything you 
want to say?” 
He wrestled with himself for several seconds. Then, he couldn’t stop himself anymore. “Why are you 
taking over Mr. Russell’s position?” 
This was what everyone was wondering about. 
“This was Russell’s decision. I can’t help it,” she responded. 
“Heh! Why do you make it sound like you don’t want the position? Do you know what you’re doing now? You’re acting coy after you got the offer everyone dreams of!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 436
Chapter 436 
Bonnie looked at Reece nonchalantly. “Do you not agree with me becoming the new president?” 
“What makes you think you have what it takes to command my respect?” Reece asked her in turn. 
Russell’s assistant couldn’t stand it anymore. “Watch your tone, Reece! She’s the president!” 
He swept his eyes across everyone in the conference room and realized that none of them were happy with Russell’s decision. 
“This is Pyralis University we’re talking about here. Do you think Mr. Russell could just assign someone to take over his position on a whim?” 
At the next moment, he placed a document on the conference table. 
“This is the official approval from the government. See for yourself.” 
Reece w 
was the first one to act. The more he flipped through the pages, the wider his eyes became. His face was contorted with rage when he saw the government seals on the pages. 
The other professors saw his reaction and were very curious about its contents. After he was finished with it, they took their turns reading it. 
The conference room was filled with the sound of the turning page and gasps. They spoke amongst 
themselves. 
“He’s right that Pyralis University is one of the best universities in Arvandor. Russell simply doesn’t have the authority to assign the next president all by himself.” 
“Bonnie must’ve possessed some extraordinary talent. Otherwise, the government wouldn’t approve of her being the new president.” 
“But, why? Obviously, Bonnie won the Best Scholar Award, but that’s not a strong enough reason for her to be president of the prestigious Pyralis University!” 
“Is it possible that she has some incredible identity?” 
Adan whispered to Reece, “How are you going to expel Bonnie now?” 
“Hmph!” The latter was so mad that his face turned red. 
Adan did his best to stifle his laughter. Turning his head sideways, he looked at Bonnie. “Bonnie… Ahem! I mean, Ms. Bonnie. A–Aren’t you just a student? How were you promoted to be the president?” 
She swept her eyes across the room and said, “I believe that all of you are curious about it. However, I don’t wish to reveal the specifics. I’ve also asked Russell to keep a secret about it. 
pas 
“Here you are, acting all mysterious. If I didn’t know any better, I would’ve thought you’re some kind of big shot.” Reece simply wasn’t happy that Bonnie was the president now. 
“Watch your tone, Reece! She’s the president!” Adan retorted. 
Grapter 436 
2/2 
“You surprise me, Adan. I’ve always thought of you as a serious, upstanding guy. Who knew you’re this much of a suck–up?” 
“What do you mean by suck–up? There’s no reason to be this harsh, Reece. The government has given their approval. That means she has the skill set to master the position of president.” 
“Skillset? Pray, tell. What skillset does she have? If she’s as good as what you claim to be, then she’s going to have to show us some results. Drungend University was insignificant ten years ago. Now, however, they’re collaborating with the Arjun Research Institute. 
“They’ve been growing by leaps and bounds ever since. They’re about to overtake us. Meanwhile, we’re still growing at our usual pace. At this rate, they’re going to dethrone us and become the most prestigious 
university in Pyralis! 
“Again, if she’s this tough, then she’ll figure out a way to get us out of this debacle. I’ll show her some respect, then!” 
What Reece said made everyone grow silent. It was true. Pyralis University was on the cusp of being replaced as the city’s number–one university. 
Bonnie was confused. She looked at Russell’s assistant and asked, “How have I not heard of this Arjun 
Research Institute?” 
“Arjun Research Institute is the fourth most eminent research institute in Arvandor, Ms. Bonnie.” He responded. 
Reece couldn’t help but roll his eyes at her. “Come on. Even a school kid knows about the Arjun Research Institute. How could you not know about it?! You know nothing about the world. How are you supposed to be leading the university to a better tomorrow? 
“You know what? Forget about a better tomorrow. I don’t even think you can lead us to resolve the 
imminent crisis. I’d even go so far as to say we’re lucky if you don’t run this fine establishment into the ground.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 437
Chapter 437 
The other personnel and professors grew worried as well. 
“Arjun Research Institute is the fourth most eminent research institute in Arvandor. It’s fine if a commoner doesn’t know about it, but every self–respecting student in a prestigious university would know about it. Moreover, she’s the president.” 
Everyone was muttering and whispering to each other when they heard Bonnie’s cold voice. 
“I don’t know about Arjun Research Institute because I only recognize the top three research institutes in Arvandor. I don’t think there’s a need to know about them if they’re not in the top three.” 
“How cocky! Fine, I’ll play along! You said you knew the top three research institutes. Name them now!” Reece was so ready to see her humiliate herself. He was going to mock her if she couldn’t name them. 
She responded leisurely. “Deshawn Research Institute at Adagate holds third place. Ten years ago, their research concluded that the LKM current was decisively beneficial to the treatment of the human brain. 
“Hauser Research Institute holds second place. Eight years ago, they disregarded the general public’s dissent and the rebukes from experts in their industry. They developed a new weapon for the nation, which further bolstered our nation’s defenses. 
“In fact, they became the most eminent research institute back then. However, it didn’t last long. Seven years ago, Bonita Research Institute seemingly rose from nowhere and took the world by storm. 
“They managed to develop a series of groundbreaking scientific projects that shocked not just the entire Arvandor, but the globe. That was how they quickly ascended in the ranks and became the most eminent research institute in Arvandor. 
“Needless to say, Hauser Research Institute was demoted to second place and the Deshawn Research Institute to third place.” 
“Recently, they even successfully developed the latest nanomaterial, which only serves to solidify its number one standing among the research institutes. To this day, no one could even come close to dethroning them. 
“The research institutes that aren’t in the top three ranks didn’t make any groundbreaking scientific research. I might not remember their names, but that’s a far cry from being ignorant.” 
What she said shut everyone up effectively, especially Reece. Her words were so on–point that he didn’t. know what he could say at that moment. 
“I can see where you guys are coming from. I’ve decided that I’m going to do something to make you and Russell feel at ease. I’m going to solidify Pyralis University’s status as the most prestigious university in Pyralis.” 
She knew this would happen before she came. However, she didn’t expect the pushback to be this strong. 
“What are you going to do? In fact, what can you do?” Reece refused to believe that a tardy, undisciplined student could make a difference. 
“Didn’t you say that Drungend University collaborated with the Arctic… Wait a minute, in It Arctic or Arjun Research Institute? Forget about it. It doesn’t matter. Didn’t thene two collaborate on scientific research? 
“Well, two can play at that game. We’ll organize a scientific research competition. The winner will get 10. 
million dollars.” 
Everyone was shocked to the core by what she said. 
“10 million dollars?! That’s a huge figure. I know you’re the president, but do you think you could just decide on something like this? Do you think the school board would agree to something like this? Heck, would the top management approve of this? 
“It would’ve been a different story if you’re building a facility on the campus. You might be able to get the approvals. However, you’re asking for 10 million dollars to reward a student. Heh heh heh…” It was 
obvious he was mocking her. 
Reece wasn’t alone in this. Even Adan, who was on Bonnie’s side, also thought the university would never 
fork out this kind of money to reward a single student. 
Raising her delicate brows, she said, “I’ll sponsor the reward.” 
‘What? She said she’d sponsor it! Are my ears deceiving me? This is 10 million dollars we’re talking about 
here!‘ 
However, she wasn’t done speaking. “10 million dollars is just one of the rewards. I’ve got another reward. 
in store. 
“The winner will also get an internship at Bonita Research Institute. If the winner excels at it and wishes to work for the institute, then they are welcome to join them.” 
Everyone was gripped with shock at what she said. 
Reece stammered, “T–The Bonita Research Institute?” 
“Mm–hmm.” She nodded in response. 
“Is it some sort of joke? The Bonita Research Institute is the top research institute in Arvandor. What makes you think they’d want to collaborate with us? Why would they take in one of our students? 
“You’ve just shown me how ignorant you are about the Bonita Research Institute’s standing in the nation. Not even the most prominent professors could get in there. They have to undergo a series of complicated procedures before they can be accepted as an intern.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 438
Chapter 438 
Reece refused to believe Bonnie could perform such an incredible feat. In fact, no one in the conference 
room had that kind of faith in her. 
“He’s right! Most of us aren’t happy that a student was promoted to president. However, Mr. Russell was the one who made the decision, and he obtained approval from the government. So, we have no choice 
but to accept it. 
“However, she’s making a blatant lie to consolidate her position. That’s something I can’t get behind.” 
“It’d be wise if none of us spoke of this to outsiders. It’d be most mortifying if the public learned that our new president is so out of touch with reality.” 
Everyone was still discussing it intensely when Bonnie pulled out her phone and called the people at her 
research institute. 
“Yeah. Just do as I say and make an official announcement, Be quick about it.” 
Everyone frowned at that, especially Reece, who did nothing to hide the mockery on his face. 
He was about to say something when she pulled out her phone again. She checked it and seemed to be pleased. 
“Check your phones, guys.” 
None of them wasted a second. Pulling out their phones, they finally saw the official announcement from Bonita Research Institute. They were so shocked that their jaws dropped to the floor. 
The announcement read, “It’s our honor to announce that we will take in the winner of Pyralis University’s Scientific Research Competition as an intern. If the winner excels at it and wishes to work for the institute, then they are welcome to join us.” 
The official tweet was flooded with comments. 
“Why did I pick Drungend University instead of Pyralis University? I could’ve had a chance to work at Bonita Research Institute!” 
“Can I still apply for a transfer now?” 
“This is strange. Why would Pyralis University collaborate with Bonita Research Institute now?” 
“Rumor has it that there’s a new président at Pyralis University. Today’s supposed to be their first day too. Do you think it has anything to do with that?” 
“You’re making a lot of sense.” 
The top management personnel and professors looked at each other strangely before directing their gaze 
at Bonnie. 
“Ms. Bonnie! I didn’t think you’d be this capable. You actually have a connection to someone at Bonita Research Institute. I must say, we have truly underestimated you! I hope I didn’t offend you earlier.” 
Chapte: 438 
2.2 
“Exactly. We had no idea about your capabilities. Now it makes sense why Russell kept praising your nonstop. He has always said that you’ll lead the university to the top of the world once you take over his 
position.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 439
Chapter 439
“With this official announcement and the fact that one of Pyralis University’s students might get into Bonita Research Institute, I’m sure our enrollment rate would increaser” 
” said you’re ignorant when you didn’t know about Arjun Research Institute, but I’m tempted to slap myself now. You are above all that. Only the top three research institutes are worth your time and 
attention!” 
Reece’s face turned red with anger when he heard how the others complimented Bonnie. 
Adan looked at Reece triumphantly. He was about to make a dig at Reece, but he saw how the latter’s face had soured and decided against it. Otherwise, Reece might pass out right away 
Russell’s assistant basked in the glory. Looking at her out of the corner of his eyes, he thought to himself. It’s going to blow their minds if they learn that Bonnie is none other than Ms. Bonita herself. I’ll bet they’ll 
suck up to her more than they’re doing now. 
At that moment, one of the top management personnel asked, “We’re all curious about something, Ms. Bonnie. What kind of connection do you have with Bonita Research Institute?” 
It was lively in the conference room a minute ago. Now, an eerie silence hung over the room as all of 
them stared at Bonnie again. 
Sweeping her eyes across everyone, she responded calmly, “I’d rather not say it.” 
Everyone was disappointed by it. However, they knew she must’ve had a reason for not saying it. 
“That’ll be all today. If none of you have anything else to discuss, then let’s adjourn the meeting.” 
She stood from her chair, and that wrapped up the meeting. 
Everyone waited until she left before they filed out of the conference room. Reece kept his head lowered throughout the entire time. He was so embarrassed that he wished he could teleport himself to the other side of the earth. 
At that moment, a couple of professors walked by him. 
“Here’s a bold assumption. Isn’t Ms. Bonita supposed to be young as well? Moreover, they were both ladies. Do you think Ms. Bonnie may be Ms. Bonita herself?” 
His heart quivered. He stared at his fellow professor with widened eyes. His body was as stiff as a board. 
“What crazy idea is that?” The professor next to him said, “Who do you think Ms. Bonita is? She’s the pillar of the world of scientific research in Arvandar! Why would she become university president instead of working at the research institute?” 
“I guess you’re right.” 
“Also, Bonnie is an ordinary computer science student. Do you think the reputable Ms. Bonita would enroll herself here to be a student? Why would she pick computer science of all things?” 
“Yeah. That makes more sense. I guess I overshot it a little.” 
Reece let out a breath of relief 
“The logic tracks! At the same time, you have to think about how distinguished she is and how crucial she is to our nation! The King of Combat, Master Jim, acts as her bodyguard whenever she goes out. When have you seen Jim on our campus?” 
“Heh heh. Now, I’m embarrassed. Please don’t tell anyone about what I was thinking earlier!” 
Reece felt so much better. Chuckling nervously, he shook his head. How ridiculous that idea was. 
That was when a security guard bumped into his shoulder by mistake. 
“I’m sorry.” 
“It’s fine. Just watch it…” Before he could finish, he was gawking at the security guard, who was doing his 
best to pull down his cap. 
The security guard was wearing a mask, so Reece couldn’t get a good look at his mug. However, the guard looked exactly like that person! 
Reece pulled out his phone and looked up Jim Ray’s pictures. 
‘C–Could it be? I–Is this really happening? Why would someone like Ms. Bonita study in our university? Is this just a coincidence? However, the security guard looks just like.. 
“Am I imagining things?” 
“Hey, you! Hold it right there!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 440
Chapter 440 
Reece needed to prove to himself that he was merely seeing things. He walked briskly toward the security guard. Eventually, he picked up his pace and ran after the latter. 
However, he ran for a while and still couldn’t see anyone. 
In the end, he went to the security office and asked for all the footage. He sat down and went through all. of it, but he didn’t see anyone looking remotely close to Jim. 
“Does this mean I was actually seeing things?” 
Reece went back to the lecture hall and discovered Bonnie wasn’t there. 
“Back to your seats, guys. The class is going to begin now. Today, we’re looking at…” 
Frankie raised his hand and said, “You forgot about taking attendance, Professor Reece.” 
His classmates were very curious, too. Reece was known for being so strict that he’d never miss out on 
taking attendance before he started every single lesson. So, why did he forget about it today? 
Pursing his lips, Reece looked at Frankie angrily. 
“Bonnie’s over there by the library, Professor Reece. Look!” Frankie pointed at a spot not far from the 
window and shouted. 
He didn’t like how Frankie was acting, but he was curious why Bonnie went to the library instead of 
coming back to class 
He was feeling a little puzzled and looked in the direction Frankie pointed. Then, he saw her chatting with 
a security guard. 
“Wait a minute. I recognize that guy! His stature is similar to the one who bumped into me in the hallway! 
Could it be…? 
Bonnie didn’t realize that people from her lecture hall were looking at her. She was talking to Jim, who had disguised himself as a security guard and snuck into the campus. 
“Didn’t I tell you not to come here when I’m on campus?” 
“Things are different now.” 
“How so? Things have stayed the same.” 
“I beg to differ, Bonnie. You used to be a student here. Now, however, you’re promoted to be its president. This is a highly prestigious position. What am I going to do if someone wants to harm you and I’m not around to protect you?” He asked stubbornly. 
She rubbed the side of her head. 
“This is Pyralis University. They have one of the best securities in the world. How am I supposed to be at risk at a place like this?” 
“I’ll tell you what I’ve told you before I have a duty to perform. Your identity as the president of Pyralis University has attracted a lot of eyeballs, but the announcement from the research institute has made 
things worse. 
“Everyone suspects that the new university president is closely connected to someone in the research Institute. With that in mind, you’re in greater danger than you realized.” He analyzed the situation logically. 
“1 kept my identity as the university president under wraps. Who’s going to suspect me?” 
“It doesn’t matter what you say, I’m going to guard your life right here at the university.” 
She was about to say something, but she ended up holding her forehead helplessly. 
“Fine. You can stay on campus if that’s what you want to do, but I’ll have to figure out a way to keep your identity secret. Remember. Don’t let anyone know who you are. Otherwise, it’ll become a bigger mess. 
“Don’t worry about it. This isn’t my first rodeo.” 
“Alright. It’s settled, then. I have to go back to class now. I’ll send a text to Russell’s assistant… I guess he’s my assistant now. Either way, I’ll ask him to figure out a cover for you. 
“Alright.” 
Bonnie returned to the lecture hall, nodded at Reece, and went inside. 
“Are you going to waltz in like nothing happened, Bonnie? Do you know you’re late for more than ten minutes?” Frankie barked. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 441
Chapter 441 
1/2 
“Yeah. I’m aware.” Bonnie turned to Reece and said, “I’m sorry, Professor Reece. I was away to deal with an urgent matter. That’s why I’m late to class.” 
Reece regarded her. She seemed so friendly and approachable that he wasn’t sure what to feel. 
“What are you talking about? All of us saw you chatting with a security guard at the library. Are you swooning over him? Why don’t you guys get a hotel room already?” Frankle lashed out at her. 
She looked at him coldly. She was about to say something when Reece roared furiously. “That’s enough, 
Frankie! How could you say such filthy things in the lecture hall? 
“I heard about your squabbles with Bonnie. It was not her fault, but you kept picking fights with her repeatedly. I want you to apologize to her right this instant. Otherwise, I’ll tell your dad about this and have him lecture you good and proper!” 
That stunned Frankie. ‘Why would Reece defend Bonnie?‘ 
“What a dumbass!” Natalee cursed internally. The others might not know that Bonnie’s the new president, 
but I do. 
“There was a big meeting this morning. Given Reece’s standing in the university, he must’ve joined in. He’s only defending Bonnie this much because he learned about her real identity.” 
Natalee had only gotten half of it right. Reece was this defensive about Bonnie because he also 
suspected that she could be someone far more important than everyone thought. 
“What are you waiting for, Frankie? Apologize to her right now. Otherwise, you can leave the hall now!” He gave the young man an ultimatum. 
Naturally, Frankie’s pride couldn’t let him do it. He left the lecture hall and found his dad immediately. 
“Huh? Why aren’t you in class at this hour? What’s the matter?” Corbin asked. 
“You have to stand up for me, Dad!” He gritted his teeth as his face turned red. 
“What happened? Did anyone pick on you?” 
“It’s Professor Reece! One of my classmates was late to class, and I brought it up to him. Not only did he 
let my 
classmate off, but he asked me to apologize to her. He told me to leave his class if I didn’t. Don’t you think that’s outrageous?!” 
“Are you serious?” The story did not make sense to Corbin. “Reece is known for being strict. How could he have done something like that?” 
Frankie put a hand on his chest and said, 1 swear, if I’m lying to you, then may Heaven curse me so that ! can’t bear any children in the future!” 
“Why would you say something like that, you punk?!” Corbin smacked his son on the head. 
Frankie rubbed his head. “The point is, I’m telling you the truth. You can ask him about it if you doubt me!” 
Corbin looked at his son, exasperated. Then, he gave Reece a call and told him everything. 
“So, that’s what my son said to me. What on earth is going on here, Reece? This isn’t like you at all!TM 
Reece was standing in the hallway with his phone. “Do you have any idea who your son crossed?” 
That stunned Corbin. “Is she some big cheese’s daughter or something?” 
Recce responded, “Her name’s Bonnie.” 
“Good grief!” 
Corbin quickly hung up the phone, dazed. 
“How did it go, Dad? Did Professor Reece agree to give her hell?” Frankie asked eagerly. 
The next thing he knew, his dad shot up from his chair and smacked him hard on the head. 
“Ouch! It hurts!” Frankie yelled out of pain. His father didn’t smack him hard, but he certainly meant it this 
time! 
“What the hell, Dad?” 
“Serves you right! Instead of focusing on your studies, you’re going around starting fights and making a mess of things. From today onward, I’m going to hire three professors and have them take turns tutoring you!” Corbin said it angrily. 
His son was meant for greater things, but the young man wouldn’t get his stuff together. 
Frankie looked at his dad incredulously “You’re out of your mind! You have never hired this many 
professors when I was preparing for the entrance exams” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 442
Chapter 442 
7 have made up my mind,” Corbin said matter–of–factly. 
H–Hold on, Dad. I don’t…” 
“Shut up!” 
“What about Bonnie…?” 
Smack! His hand landed on his son’s head again. 
Frankie wailed like a banshee. 
As usual, Ivor came to pick Bonnie up from school when her class was over. They drove back to her villa 
in Lenfield Resort 
Ged, who was used to having free meals here, helped her out with setting up the dining table. Ivor gave him a frustrated sidelong glance, but he pretended he didn’t see it and continued helping Bonnie. 
Ivor shook his head helplessly and looked at her instead. 1 heard that you have a new university president today. Did you see her?” 
Raising her brows, she asked, “Why do you ask?” 
“You might not like the answer.” 
She noticed how he was stammering and took a guess. “Are you planning on sending her some gifts or something?” 
He 
glanced at her lovingly and said, “There’s no one else who knows me better than you do, Bonnie.” 
She was used to such sweet words, and she wasn’t about to comment on that. 
“Forget about it. Pyralis University is going to be a different place from here on out. They will not allow the wealthy and powerful to enroll their children through gifts or donations. This way, middle–class families will stand a chance at getting in as well. 
“With that in mind, Pyralis University will clamp down on these loopholes. That’s going to prevent the ordinary family from selling away their entire properties or assets just to get their children into the university 
Ivor’s eyes sparkled a little. “Listen to yourself. You sound more like a president than a student.” 
“I’m just telling you the truth,” she said with a shrug. 
Then, Ged chimed in, “My grandpa’s birthday is around the corner. How about you guys attend his party together?” 
“When is it?” She asked. 
Chapter 242 
2/2 
“It’s right after the holiday.” 
She thought, ‘That reminds me, I have to take Ivor back to my hometown. I need to let Mom and Dad know who he is to me. It’s a good thing the party didn’t clash with my trip. 
“With that said, Ged’s grandpa is also a professor at Pyralis University. I’ll have to be careful not to reveal my identity as the president.” 
“What are we waiting for?” Ged said, “Hurry up and eat. Bonnie prepared the dinner tonight. I’m practically drooling now.” He couldn’t wait to taste her cooking. 
“Go on.” She picked up the cutlery and was about to scoop some of the dips, but Ivor gave her a bunch of peeled shrimp. 
“I peeled these for you. Go ahead and eat them.” 
Ged clicked his tongue before he continued to eat the food. 
Back in the Shepard Villa, Trina wore a distressed expression. 
“What’s the matter, Trina? Why aren’t you eating?” Vera asked. 
Trina’s eyes turned red immediately. “Did you see the official announcement made by Bonita Research 
Institute, Mom?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 443
Chapter 443 
“What do you mean?” 
Now that she had her parent’s attention, Trina said with a choked–up voice, “The Bonita Research Institute released an official tweet, saying that the winner of Pyralis University’s Scientific Research Competition will be offered an internship at their institute.” 
“What? Are you serious?!” Vera and Gresham were shocked by this news. 
“Uh–huh. There’s more. If the intern managed to excel, they might consider letting her work at the 
Institute.” 
Tears began flowing down her cheeks. 
“What should I do?! I would still be studying at Pyralis University if I hadn’t offended Bonnie. You know how talented I am in scientific research. I stand a really good chance of winning that competition and getting an internship at Bonita Research Institute. 
“This is all Bonnie’s fault. She ruined my bright future!” She cried her heart out. 
“It’s alright, Trina. Stop crying. You’re breaking my heart. You’re one of the most talented people I’ve ever seen. I’d even say you’re born to do it. Don’t worry, I won’t let your talent go to waste.” 
Vera looked at her husband and said, “You need to figure something out, honey.” 
Gresham breathed out a puff of smoke, his face looking distressed. 
“How am I supposed to do that? I warned Trina not to cross Bonnie again, but she wouldn’t listen. I event released a video on my Twitter account earlier. Now everyone knows Bonnie has nothing to do with met and the Shepards. Furthermore, I said we’d never look for her again. 
“Don’t you see that you’re making me humiliate myself by asking me to talk to her? What’s more, you know how Bonnie is. She’s going to let me have it. No way! I’m not going to look for her!” 
Trina cried even louder at that. “I’m sorry, Dad. I promise I’ve learned the error of my ways. You have to help me. I swear I won’t ever pick a fight with Bonnie anymore. I beg you. I’m going to repay you guys when I find success.” 
Vera wiped her daughter’s tears, pursed her lips, and made a decision. “Don’t worry about it, Trina. I’m going to help you and get over this hump!” 
“What do you think you’re doing?” Gresham asked, “Are you honestly going to look for Bonnie? It’s pointless. You know how she is.” 
Clenching her fist, she said, “That’s right! I’m going to look for Bonnie! If she refuses to let Trina return to the university, I will get down on my knees in front of all the students and professors. She has to agree to it, then.” 
Trina beamed as soon as she heard what her mother said. ‘Bonnie has to let me return to Pyralis University now. Otherwise, everyone’s going to reprimand her for making her own mother kneel before her. 
“That’s outrageous! It doesn’t matter what happened between us, you are her biological mother. You’re going to humiliate yourself!” Gresham vehemently disagreed with the way she was going to handle it. 
“Hmph!” Vera grunted coldly. “Trina is our daughter, and she’s immensely talented. As her parents, we must ensure her academic life and career are smooth sailing. 
“You won’t do it. So, I’ll have to do it myself. I’m going to Pyralis University first thing in the morning!” 
The next morning. Bonnie had just arrived at the university when Vera stood in front of her. 
Is there anything I can help you with, Vera?” 
Vera wasn’t bothered by Bonnie’s disrespectful tone. The way she saw it, their blood ties were as good as nonexistent. 
“We’ve heard about the collaboration between Bonita Research Institute and Pyralis University. The winner of the university’s research competition will win an internship at the institute. Trina is immensely gifted. She deserves to have a shot at it.” 
Bonnie’s delicate brows furrowed slightly as she spoke. “Are you trying to make me reinstate her status as a student here?” 
Before Vera could say anything, Bonnie continued, “That’s not going to happen. Back when she was expelled from the university, I said explicitly that I wouldn’t do it again, provided she didn’t cross me 
again. 
“However, she didn’t learn her lesson. She kept bugging me and got expelled again. She did this to 
herself.” 
Vera was beside herself with rage. Noticing that more onlookers were gathering around them, she cried out at the top of her lungs. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 444
Chapter 444 
“Ruining someone’s future is wicked. Only the people who are rotten to the core can do something like this! You don’t have to go this far, Bonnie! I’m here, and I’m going to get her back to Pyralis University. 
“If you’re not going to agree, I’ll get down on my knees in front of everybody!” 
The onlookers were muttering and pointing at Bonnie, but she simply stood where she was and remained unperturbed. 
On the other hand, Avril was so angry that her neck turned red. “I’ve never seen a mother like you. This is entirely Trina’s fault. Instead of lecturing her, you’re trying to push everything on Bonnie again. 
“What did Bonnie do to deserve a family like the Shepards? How could you treat her like this?! Here’s a question for you. How would you feel if your own mom did this to you?” 
Vera wasn’t in the mood to listen to all of this. She merely stared at Bonnie and said, “All I care about is if you’ll let Trina go back to Pyralis University!” 
Bonnie hated it when someone threatened her. With that said, it was her mother who was doing it this time. She wouldn’t have tolerated such impudence if it were anyone else. 
“Fine! If you’re not going to do anything, then I guess I’ll have to do it!” 
Vera looked around her and noticed that there were many onlookers now. So, she gritted her teeth and 
decided she’d do it. 
However, her knees had just bent a little when a security guard wearing a mask dashed to her side and pulled her up, ruining her plans. 
“Let me go right now! Don’t make me call the police!” Vera roared. 
Jim gripped her arms and didn’t let go. “You’ve got some nerve stirring up trouble on our campus. Leave 
now. Otherwise, I’ll send you to the police myself.” 
“Say what now? You’re nothing but a security guard. How will you justify sending me to the police?” 
“How about harassing a student at Pyralis University? How does that sound?” 
Vera sneered and looked at Bonnie. “I’m her mother. What do you think getting the police involved is going to achieve?” 
“Didn’t you disown her? How could you claim to be her mother still?” That was all it took for Jim to stump 
Vera, 
He brandished the stun baton and tried to intimidate her. “Cut your crap and leave now!” 
Vera realized that she couldn’t mess with Jim. 
‘Fine. I’ll leave for now. A wise woman knows when to choose her battles. I’ll be back tomorrow. I’m going 
to bend her to my will eventually.” 
Chopin: 444 
Avril realized Vera was going to leave. Her eyes rolled, and then she called out to Vera. 
“Wait a minute.” 
Both Bonnie and Vera glanced at her. They weren’t sure what she was up to now. 
She walked over to Vera and said, “Bonnie will let Trina return to the university if you agree on one simple 
condition.” 
“What makes you think you can speak for her?” Vera asked. 
She turned around and looked at Bonnie, who nodded at her. 
“Did you see that? She has just agreed to it.” Avril lit up. She knew Bonnie was going to trust her. 
“Well, then. What is it?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 445
Chapter 445 
“My term is simple. I want you to swear an oath right now. I want you to swear that you’ll never find 
Bonnie or talk to her again. This goes without saying, but you can never act so shamelessly and guilt–trip her anymore. How about it? Do you agree to this term?” 
Vera was beside herself with rage at what Avril said. 
‘How dare she accuse me of being shameless? Damn it! I would just as soon slap her if I weren’t here to help Trina!‘ 
“Fine!” Vera said it with a strained voice. 
Avril pointed at the video she had just recorded and said, “I’ve recorded everything. I won’t hesitate to release it on the internet if you go back on your word. 
“One more thing. I want you to remember that you can’t keep abusing the fact that you’re Bonnie’s biological mother and keep blackmailing her. If I see you doing it again, I will upload the video onto the 
internet. 
“It doesn’t matter if Bonnie tries to stop me. I’m her best friend and her family. I won’t listen to her if she’s trying to protect someone who harms her! This is my oath, and I intend to keep it!” 
Bonnie felt moved when she saw Avril’s seriousness. 
‘Avril really thinks of me as her family. She’d do anything it takes to keep me safe,‘ she thought. 
“Don’t worry about it. I promise I’ll never disturb Bonnie again as long as Trina gets to return to Pyralis 
herself, University. Should she cross Bonnie and get herself expelled again, she would’ve brought it upon like you said!” Vera said it through gritted teeth. 
Avril nodded. “I’ve also recorded that. Even someone who lacks a moral compass would know better than to do something so pathetic and despicable.” 
“Why, you….” Vera was so upset that she was quivering with rage. 
Avril took Bonnie’s arms in hers and said, “Let’s go. We’ll be late for class.” 
“Okay.” Bonnie walked calmly to campus as if nothing had happened at all. 
The moment Trina saw her mother was home, she asked hastily, “How did it go, Mom? Did Bonnie agree to let me return to Pyralis University?” 
Vera let out a heavy sigh. Then, she looked at her daughter solemnly. “Listen to me, Trina. I sacrificed my pride to get you this opportunity. Never cross Bonnie again! If you see her on campus, you’ll hide or pick 
another route! 
“I don’t care how unpleasant she makes you feel, you can never approach her again. In fact, stay three feet away from her. I don’t want her to have any excuse to fight with you again. If I should find out that you’re the one who started it, I will never help you ever!” 
Judging from Mom’s tone, she must’ve had a rather unpleasant converantion with Bonnie,” 
“Understood, Mom. I swear I’ll never cross paths with her and that I’ll keep three feet away from her. I’ll do you one better. I’ll stay thirty feet away from her at all times!” 
Even Gresham was wearing a sour face. “I hope you can keep the promise you made to your mom. If you get in a mess again, we won’t clean it up again!” 
“Okay.” She nodded solemnly. 
I’ve learned my lesson twice now. I’m freaking scared of Bonnie. Now that Mom has given me a second chance, I won’t squander it by doing anything that might undermine me again. 
I’ve lost Hadwin. That means I can’t fall back on the Rhodes anymore. I’ll have to make something of 
myself in my career. 
‘Still, that doesn’t mean I’ll let Bonnie walk away scot–free. I’m going to deal with her again when I’m massively successful. I’ll let her taste the kind of humiliation she put me through a hundred fold. That’s a 
promise. 
‘My first step on my quest for revenge is to become the winner in the research competition. That’ll get me into Bonita Research Institute.” 
Trina clenched her fist. ‘I will be the winner! No one can stop me!” 
In the blink of an eye, the holidays were here. 
Ivor drove Bonnie back to her hometown in the countryside. It took him five hours to get there. 
She noticed that he wasn’t looking too hot. “Are you tired? How about you let me drive?” 
“Not really. It’s just that….” He trailed off into silence. 
“What is it?” 
His brows knitted tightly. For a moment, he didn’t know how best to tell her. 
However, she has extensive medical knowledge. All it took was a brief observation and she knew what 
was bothering him. The realization almost made her laugh out loud. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 446
Chapter 446 
“So, you need to use the restroom. There isn’t one around here, though. How about you relieve yourself at a tree? This is how they do it in the countryside. There’s nothing embarrassing about it.” 
Ivor turned his head sideways and looked at her. “You just said this is how they do it in the countryside. Are you going to tell me you’ve seen it?” 
“If Bonnie has truly seen it, then I’m going to suss out these uncultured men. How dare they let her see their private parts? I’m going to make them pay. Not even I have shown her my private part.” 
Bonnie knew what was on his mind. Her lips twitched a little. 
“Things are different in the countryside. There aren’t as many restrooms here as there were in the city. Look, are you going to hold it in until we’re at my parents‘ place? Or, are you going to relieve yourself at a 
tree? 
“Here’s the thing. There’s a solid 50–minute drive until we reach my parents‘ place. Are you sure you can 
hold it in?” 
At first, he thought he’d hold it in. However, he made a snap decision to relieve himself at a tree as soon as he heard what she said. 
He got out of the car and said to her, “Keep an eye out for any strangers. I don’t intend to reveal my private part to any lady but you.” 
She didn’t know what to say. 
“Alright. Just go. Do it now.” 
After she pushed him forward, she turned around and saw a Volkswagen driving toward her. It didn’t take more than a second to know that Jim was behind the wheel. 
‘Sheesh. I told him he didn’t have to follow me. For Heaven’s sake, I’m just going back to my hometown. 
Then, she composed a text and sent it to him. 
“Keep yourself hidden. Don’t let anyone find out about you. It’ll be very hard to spin a story if Ivor sees 
you.” 
Jim replied to her text promptly. “Don’t worry about it. It won’t happen.” 
“Who are you texting?” 
She was startled by Ivor. “My family. I’m telling them that we’ll be there soon.” 
There was no reason for him to be suspicious. So, he said, “Alright. Come on. Let’s hit the road.” 
50 minutes later, they arrived at her parents‘ place. 
Benedict, who came back a day earlier, saw them and rushed over to help them with their suitcases. 
“Mom, Dad. Bonnie and Ivor are here!” 
2/2 
Ivor reached out and patted Benedict’s shoulder. Then, he gave the latter a handsome amount of pocket 
money. 
“I appreciate it, Ivor.” 
Gerald and Welma heard him yelling and came out of their house. 
Bonnie didn’t realize that all her relatives were there until she entered the house. Even her distant 
relatives were here. All of them showered her with praise. 
“Your kids are doing extremely well, Gerald! Benedict holds a high position at Tang Fusion Studios, while Bonnie got herself the richest man in Pyralis.” 
“Exactly! His kids are thriving! I’m afraid my kids aren’t as successful!” 
“You guys are such a perfect match, Bonnie. I’d even say you’re a match made in heaven!” 
Ivor did not hesitate to take Bonnie’s hands and lean in close to her. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 447
Chapter 447 
“How shameless are you?” Bonnie was a little speechless, but she did not withdraw her hands. 
She knew, from experience, that it wouldn’t help at all. Every time he grabbed her hands, it was as if he wanted to win an arm wrestling match. She could never pull her hands back. 
“I don’t think there’s anything shameful about it. We’re boyfriend and girlfriend. It’s not like we’re having an affair or anything,” he said matter–of–factly. “Wait a minute. I need to get something from the trunk.” 
Her lips twitched when she saw the trunk brimming with gifts. 
“Why did you prepare this many gifts?” 
“I prepared gifts for your whole family. I even prepared some for your neighbors and the village elders…” 
The more he spoke, the more speechless she got. 
“I even prepared pocket money for the kids.” Then, he showed her piles of envelopes that were stuffed 
with cash. 
There were no words that could describe what Bonnie was feeling at this moment 
“You’ve Investigated quite thoroughly, it seems. I’d even say you did a better job than a detective.” 
She noted, ‘These gifts were bought according to my friends and family’s preferences. He has done some homework before today.” 
Looking at her lovingly, he said, “You’re the most important person in my life. I’m more than happy to do this for you. As long as you’re happy, I’m happy 
“Why do I get the feeling you’re trying to bribe everyone I know in the countryside? 
What she said was on point, but his face didn’t even turn red. Instead, he said matter–of–factly. “This isn’t bribery, Bonnie. It’s about making people like me.” 
He paused a little before he stared at her. 
didn’t just say a bunch of honeyed words to you. I mean it from the bottom of my heart. I want to win your heart and be the only man who has a place in it. I also want everyone around you to wish nothing but 
the best for us. 
“I don’t regret doing all of this for you.” 
His voice was so deep and charming. At the same time, his eyes were brimming with so much love. It was true. He was smitten and would love her and only her. 
It wasn’t that easy to make Bonnie fall in love with someone. However, her heart could just melt at that 
moment. 
“Let’s head inside.” 
He could sense that something had changed within her. He was so overjoyed that he wanted to do 
nothing but lift her and spin her in circles. However, she would never want him to do something like the, given their current situation. So, he had to hold it in. 
At the same time, the Shepards staying in Pyralls received news about Bonnie. 
“What? Did you say Bonnie has the richest man in Pyralls for a boyfriend?!” Vera was talking with a friend 
on the phone. 
“Exactly. A relative of mine knows an aunt who resides in the same village as Bonnie. She heard the 
Bonnie brought home a boyfriend and that the man was the richest person in Pyralis!” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 448
Chapter 448 
Gresham and Trina were listening to Vera’s phone conversation. 
“That’s impossible.” He then asked, “What’s the guy’s last name?” 
“It sounds like… Knight.” 
“The Knight family!” He was shocked. Any Pyralian worth his salt was aware that the Knights were the city’s wealthiest family. 
Then, Trina chimed in, “Perhaps it’s just a coincidence. Or Bonnie made it up. She likes to boast, after all.” 
“I agree with Trina. Bonnie has always loved making up stories when she was still a part of our family. Sometimes, she claimed that she had won some big award in a certain field. Other times, she said that she was talented,” Vera said. 
“You say that, but…” Gresham frowned. “Whatever she said in the past has proved to be true. She won the Best Scholar Award. She’s the miracle doctor. There’s also the fact that she’s extremely close to the president of Pyralis University…” 
The hatred that was burning furiously within Vera and Trina’s hearts fizzled out as soon as they heard 
what he said. 
Vera didn’t find her voice until after a long time. 
“You’re right. Her words have been proven to be true, but are you seriously going to tell me that you guys believe her when she says stuff like ‘classified information‘ and ‘scientific research?” 
“Well, I certainly don’t buy it. So I will not believe her when she says she bagged the richest man in Pyralis. She would have boasted about it a long time ago. Why would she only tell the poverty–stricken countryfolk who aren’t well–informed? 
“I’ll tell you why. It’s because she knows it isn’t true and that the countryfolk are morons,” Vera analyzed. 
“I think your theory is right on the money, Mom.” Trina sighed. “I just don’t get it. Why does Bonnie have to bluff this way? She could’ve made up any story about her supposed boyfriend but that. Why does she have to pick the richest man in Pyralis? 
“If the Knights learn about this, then she could be… Geez. Why can’t she think about how it might end sourly for her? She won the Best Scholar Award, and she’s the miracle doctor. Why can’t she just appreciate what she has? 
“I’m going to become the winner of the Scientific Research Competition and get into the Bonita Research Institute. I promise you guys that I’ll never do the things she’s doing now. I’ll work hard and earn Ms. Bonita’s respect. I’m going to become the pillar of the nation. 
Vera looked at her daughter gratefully and said, “Attagirl. You have my full support. Bonnie is the perfect role model for how you should never act. Don’t lose your way and do something that’d tarnish your 
reputation. 
“Okay! Leave it to me, Mom. I won’t forget my principles” 
“That’s quite enough” Gresham was starting to have some headaches. “It’s fine for you guys to talk about yourselves, but there’s no need to talk badly about Bonnie. 
“Til have you remember that you wouldn’t have been able to return to Pyralis University if she hadn’t decided to show you some mercy, Trina. You’d never have the chance to participate in the competition, 
then. 
“Also, both of you have to keep in mind that Bonnie Isn’t related to us anymore, So stop talking about her all the time. It doesn’t matter if she doon well or badly in her life. In fact, I don’t want to hear her name in my villal 
Snuffing out the cigarette, he climbed the stairs, looking troubled. 
“Mom. What’s wrong with Dad…?” 
“He’ll be fine, Trina. Don’t worry about it. I can see where he comes from. I think you could too. We should do what he says and avoid talking about Bonnie in this villa, especially not in front of him. 
“I’ll also call my friends and relatives about this so they don’t bring her up in front of him. Your dad is right. Bonnie has nothing to do with us now. Talking about her won’t help us in any way.” Vera held Trina’s hands and comforted her.. 
“Okay. Anything you say, Mom,” Trina was overjoyed and thought, ‘It looks like I’ll always be the only daughter in the Shepard family.‘ 
The evening rolled on. Bonnie looked for Ivor everywhere. In the end, she found him in the watermelon patch. 
‘Wait a minute. What’s Amy doing there with him?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 449
Chapter 449 
Bonnie didn’t go over there in a hurry. She sensed that something was off between Ivor and her cousin, Amy Howard. 
She was kind of far from them and couldn’t hear very clearly. So, she snuck in closer and pricked her ears. 
Amy’s face was red when she looked at Ivor. “Um… I love you! I want to be your girlfriend!” 
That stunned her. 
‘I know I have to watch out for other women, but I didn’t count on Amy confessing her love to him. She has some good looks, too. I wonder how Ivor’s going to respond to her?” 
Casting a glance at Ivor, she noticed how he carried the usual coldness in his expression. At that moment, he was the elusive man who always escaped a lady’s grasp. 
“I would not have talked to you if you weren’t Bonnie’s cousin.” 
Amy clenched her fists and pursed her lips. “Bonnie was just slightly prettier than me. She’s not cute, and she doesn’t like relying on men. A–Also, she’s always cold and distant. Are you honestly going to tell me that you want to spend your time trying to make her happy every day?” 
“What a coincidence. I love it when she’s cold and distant to me.” Ivor’s eyes were unwittingly filled with 
affection when he spoke. 
Amy didn’t think this would be his answer. “He’s the wealthiest man in Pyralis, for Heaven’s sake! I didn’t count on him being this obsessed with his girlfriend.‘ 
“What are you doing here, Ivor?” Bonnie acted as if she had just arrived at the watermelon patch. 
The moment he saw her, he decided he had to explain what went down between him and Amy right away. 
“Don’t misread the situation, Bonnie, I’d rather die than have any feelings for her. You’re the only lady I’ll 
ever love.” 
Amy felt as if someone had stabbed right through her heart. 
Bonnie didn’t know if she should laugh. 
“There’s no way Ivor would fall in love with Amy in the first place. So, nothing’s ever coming out of it. I didn’t intend to expose anything. 
‘I didn’t count on him being so worried about me misreading the situation, though. He was very brutal with the way he handled things with Amy.” 
“Oh. Let’s go. My dad wants to see you.” 
“Sure.” He took brisk steps forward and took her hands firmly. 
She had gotten used to it by now. 
‘I might as well let him do what he wants. He’s going to let me go as soon as he has his fill.” 
Chapte 449 
Her phone vibrated. It was William 
‘Hasn’t he returned to the SR League’s headquarters? Why is he calling me out of the blue? It’s midnight 
where he is right now.” 
“Hello?” She said into the phone. 
“You need to watch your back, Bonnie,” he said in an uncharacteristic, serious tone. 
“What’s the matter?” 
“My league received a quest moments ago. Someone put a very high bounty on your life. 
“Someone’s out to kill me?” She had completely forgotten that Ivor was next to her until she blurted it out. 
e was grim. It felt 
“What on earth is going on? Who dares try to kill you?” His voice was deep, and his tone as if the temperature around them had dropped. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 450
Chapter 450 
“It’s nothing. I heard it wrongly.” 
She walked to the side and continued the phone conversation with William. 
Tell me everything.” 
He responded, “I’m not talking about you, Bonnie. Someone is out to kill your other identity, Ms. Bonita.” Her face grew grim immediately. After all, this was a serious matter. She couldn’t afford to take it lightly. 
“Do you know who put up the quest?” 
1 don’t have the specifics yet, but there’s one thing I’m sure of–they’re not from Arvandor.” 
She started to analyze the situation. 
“If someone’s after Bonita’s life, that means the latest nanomaterial I developed recently has threatened them. It could be Auguste Ludovici. He has the same prestigious standing in the world of scientific 
research as I do. 
‘He has been the most prestigious figure in the field before my arrival. As far as he was concerned, I dethroned him and took his place. 
‘Moreover, the latest nanomaterial I developed has all but solidified my standing. I still remember when I first met him. He might’ve been exceptionally talented in the field, but he was so petty and spiteful that he couldn’t share the glory with anyone.” 
“You have to listen to me and stay safe, Bonnie. I’ve told Jim about this and asked him to ensure no harm) comes to you. Hey, how about I send Jacques to protect you too?” William asked. 
“Don’t do that. You’re just giving away my identity to them if you send Jacques to my 
side.” 
“You have a point. Well, what are you going to do? You can always hole up in the SR League. You’ll be safer here than anywhere else.” 
“I appreciate it, but that’s not what I want to do. First of all, I don’t want to leave my nation. I also don’t know who’s coming after me or when they’ll do it. If I go into hiding, I will lose my freedom.” 
Before he could say anything, she added, “Alright. I appreciate that you’re concerned about me, but I handle myself. Also, are you forgetting that I have Jim watching over me?” 
Talking about Jim made her have a headache at once. 
‘Now that he knows about this, he won’t remain calm. I just know he will ignore my orders to keep his 
distance from me.‘ 
“I see you’re back at the village too, Bonnie.” Jim feigned surprise and walked toward her. 
She held her forehead, trying to rub her headache away. ‘Speak of the devil.” 
“Gee. You’re here, too, Ivor.” 
can 
Chapte 450. 
The man in question stared at Jim. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“A relative of mine stays here. I decided to drop by and visit her. Bonnie knows about this too. Why? Didn’t she tell you about it?” Just like that, he threw the ball into Bonnie’s court. 
She gave him a frustrated look before she faced Ivor and started explaining. “It’s true. He did have a 
relative here in this village.” 
“Oh. That’s great. I’m curious, though. Just how close are you to your relative to be visiting them during the holidays? Don’t you have a hometown of your own?” Ivor pressed. 
Anyone would know he was probing Jim. 
“My hometown is too far away. As you know, I’m Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. You could say that I’m the only 
back. person who’s keeping her safe. So, I can’t always apply for off days and go 
“It just so happens that this relative of mine is ill. So, my parents called and asked me to swing by and check on her on their behalf.” 
Jim’s answer was flawless, but it made her headache worse. 
‘He made all of this up. All it takes is for Ivor to investigate a little and he’ll know that Jim doesn’t have a relative staying here.” 
“You can ask Bonnie about it if you don’t believe me. Am I right in saying that you’ll trust what she says?” Just like that, he threw the ball in her court again. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 451
Chapter 451 
Bonnie glanced at Jim with a hint of dissatisfaction. She sighed and told Ivor, “You can check it out if you don’t believe him. Otherwise, you’ll be so worried that you’ll get jealous of him for no reason.” 
She put it that way to shift the focus and topic. 
“Why wouldn’t I trust you? Also, I don’t get jealous for no reason.” With that, Ivor stopped questioning Jim. 
The latter leaned closer to Bonnie and asked, “I can’t stay at my relative’s place. There aren’t any hotels nearby, either. Can I spend the night at your parents‘ place?” 
Bonnie knew he would ask that. Still, she could not reject him now. Given the current circumstances, he would sleep at the gate if she did. She said, “Sure, but I don’t have an extra room.” 
Suddenly, Ivor said, “It’ll be okay, Bonnie. Since you two are close friends, he can have my room.” 
Bonnie was stunned. 
‘Ivor will never let any guy near me, even if he knows Jim and I will never be a thing.” 
“Then, where will you sleep?” 
“In your room,” Ivor answered. 
Benedict, Gerald, and Welma were dumbfounded when Bonnie took Jim to their place. 
“B–Bonnie, is that Master Jim?” Welma had seen him on television before and had trouble containing her excitement. 
“Uh, you’re right.” Bonnie’s brow twitched. 
“H–How do you know him? You never told me about it. I can’t believe you know someone as famous as him! What kind of luck do you possess to have made friends with someone like Master Jim?” 
“Uh…” Bonnie had no idea how to respond to her mother. 
Although Ivor had a much more boastful standing than Jim, things were different here. The former was the most successful businessman and rarely showed his face. As far as the less–informed country folks 
were concerned, Ivor was nothing more than an extremely wealthy man. 
On the other hand, Jim came from a humble background and garnered a reputation and respect by relying on his fighting skills. Moreover, he was also the bodyguard of the most important person in the scientific 
research world. 
Although Jim did not have Ivor’s wealth, country folk respected the former more because he was also 
significant to the nation. 
Gerald lit a cigarette for Jim and ordered, “Ben, get a chicken from the coop and tell your aunts to invite 
as many relatives as possible. We’ll host a grand celebration since Master Jim is here.” 
Welma added, “Bonnie, what are you standing around for? Get Master Jim some water. He must be 
parched after being on the road for so long.” 
Jim was slightly overwhelmed, saying, “Th–that’s not necessary. You guys don’t have to make a big deal. out of it.” 
‘I only intend to keep Bonnie safe. I don’t want to trouble her and her family. Worse, her mom even asked her to get me some water. It should’ve been the other way around.‘ 
“I had an early dinner, Gerald. I just need a place to spend the night. Is it okay if I head to my room to rest?” 
“Of course, Master Jim! I’ll prepare some chicken and lamb for tomorrow,” Gerald said. “Um…” Jim was about to turn down the offer, but Bonnie reacted faster than he could. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 452
Chapter 452 
“Come on, Jim. Don’t turn down my dad’s hospitality. He’s being hospitable by offering to slaughter a lamb and a chicken for you to eat tomorrow. I’ll get offended if you refuse.” 
‘Jim has done so much to protect me. One of his most significant sacrifices is spending time with his family. I should find the time to visit them for a change.‘ 
Since she put it that way, Jim had no good reason to reject Gerald. He looked at the older couple and said, “Thank you for your hospitality.” 
“It’s our honor! After all, you’re Ms. Bonita’s bodyguard. As far as we’re concerned, you’re just as important as her. Your arrival is nothing short of Lady Luck smiling down on us. We would’ve prepared fireworks if we could.” 
Jim stole a glance at Bonnie, but she feigned ignorance. At that moment, Jim seemed to understand why she had not told her parents the truth. 
The following day, Bonnie woke up to a commotion outside. She was surprised when she left her room. 
‘Damn, that’s a lot of people and cars! There are kids and older people everywhere! It looks like the whole 
village showed up.‘ 
Everyone huddled around Jim, trying to get to know him. Many even dressed their daughters to the nines 
and told them to converse with him. 
Meanwhile, some women stared at Ivor, making him feel so embarrassed that he wished he were on 
another planet. Strangely, they only stared and did not approach him. 
Bonnie thought, ‘I don’t believe they’re avoiding him out of respect for our relationship. Instead, he looks 
cold and indifferent. He looks like he’d kill anyone who approaches. Maybe that’s why the women are only 
staring at him.‘ 
Ivor sensed she was out of her room and turned to look at her. Immediately after, his cold and unfriendly demeanor disappeared. He smiled and said affectionately, “You’re up.” 
His current attitude starkly contrasted with how he looked before he saw Bonnie, making the women considering flirting with him jealous of her. 
Ivor strode to Bonnie and stood beside her, asking, “What do you want for breakfast? I’ll buy whatever you 
want.” 
“Don’t worry about it. Thanks to Jim, we’re having a big lunch. I’ll save room for that instead.” 
“All right.” 
At lunchtime, Bonnie’s grandfather, Donovan Shepard, took a bottle of homemade twenty–year–old wine and said, “Master Jim, I hope you like this wine. I made it myself. Please, have a taste.” 
“Master Jim, my dad treasures this wine very much. He opened a bottle for Ivor last night–this one’s his 
last. Let’s finish the whole thing today.” 
Chapter 452 
2/2 
Bonnie’s family persuaded Jim to drink the wine so he could not reject them. However, he also needed to stay sober to protect her. He was at a loss at that moment. 
Bonnie had expected Jim to be concerned about that. She leaned toward him momentarily and whispered, “Jim, I’ve always felt guilty about you. Since you started working for me, you’ve been suppressing your wishes and thoughts. 
“That includes the International Fighting Competition. I know how much you wanted to compete in it, but you almost gave up your dream to protect me. I would’ve fired you if you hadn’t joined the competition. 
“I don’t want you to keep sacrificing your future for my sake. I know you’re worried I might run into danger if you get drunk. Although I might not practice fighting daily like you, I’d still be a challenge if I went all out against you. I hope you don’t underestimate my self–defense skills.” 
Chapter 453 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 453
Chapter 453 
“Bonnie, I never intended to underestimate your fighting abilities.” 
“I know, so you must have confidence in me. Also, we’re in the countryside, and Ivor’s bodyguards are patrolling near the village entrance. They’ll spot trespassers from a mile away. I want you to relax today. Nothing’s going to happen.” 
With that, Bonnie poured Jim a big glass of wine and raised her glass to toast to him. “To you, Jim.” 
“All right!” He let down his guard and concerns thoroughly. He raised his glass, clinked it with hers, and downed it. 
“You’re an excellent drinker, Master Jim! I’d like to toast to you, too!” Gerald was thrilled that someone like Jim was willing to drink with the family. The former raised his glass and downed its contents. 
Soon after, all of Bonnie’s family members approached Jim and drank with him. After drinking several glasses, Bonnie felt sorry for him. 
‘He must have drank like a whale. I wonder how long he’ll be passed out for.‘ 
Suddenly, Ivor leaned closer to Bonnie and said, “What were you and Jim whispering about earlier? Can you tell me about it? For the record, I’m not jealous of him.” 
Bonnie could not be bothered to continue this topic. She clinked her glass with his and said, “How about we toast to each other?” 
Ivor smiled, asking, “How about we drink from each other’s glasses instead?” 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him and was about to down her wine when he suddenly linked arms with her 
and drank out of her glass. He grinned at the stunned Bonnie and said, “It’s your turn!” 
She realized what had happened and immediately withdrew her arm. However, Ivor trapped it instead. 
“Let go of me right now. How shameless can you be?” Bonnie said hushedly and looked around, blushing. 
Fortunately, everyone was busy drinking with Jim, and no one saw what had happened between her and 
Ivor. 
He smirked and said, “Hurry up and drink out of my glass, or I won’t let go until you do. We’ll stay like this 
longer than we have to if you keep fighting me. Now, that’ll be embarrassing.” 
Bonnie was so mad that she felt tempted to pour his wine over his head. Ultimately, she ensured that no 
one was watching and downed the wine. 
“That’s more like it.” Ivor grinned from ear to ear. 
Bonnie could not bear to look at his smug expression. 
The lunch lasted over an hour, and Jim had passed out when it was done. 
Ivor noticed Bonnie leaving with her tools and caught up with her. Puzzled, he asked, “Where are you going?” 
Chapter 453 
2/2 
She replied, “I thought we were attending Ged’s grandfather’s birthday. I heard he’s suffering from severe hair loss. I’m going to pick some horsetail for him.” 
“Are there horsetails on these hills?” 
“Sure, there are. I found a particularly old horsetail in one of these parts. It was at least a hundred years old. I made sure to put down a marking.” 
“Well, then. I’m coming with you.” 
She knew better than to refuse, so she let him tag along. They were trekking the hills when she heard a muffled grunt behind her and asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Ivor held his thigh and grimaced. 
“What in the world happened, Ivor? Move your hands, and let me see.’ 
” 
Ivor felt dizzy and sat down, saying, “I noticed a snake slithering across my feet earlier, but I didn’t think it 
bit me.” 
“Well, it did bite you, and it looks like it was a venomous snake, too.” Bonnie’s brows furrowed. 
Ivor noticed how worried she was and forgot all about the pain in his thigh. He asked, “Can you such the poison out for me?” 
Bonnie grew exasperated, saying, “You’ve been watching too much TV.” 
“So, are you going to just let me die? How will you find someone as excellent as me if I die?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 454
Chapter 454 
Bonnie wanted to tell Ivor off by saying she would have no issues finding someone better than him, 
especially with her qualities. Even so, a venomous snake had bitten him. If she had said that, he would get upset, and his heart rate would rise, causing the venom to circulate faster. 
Ivor motioned to remove his pants and said, “Hurry, suck out the venom!” 
Bonnie stopped him and said, “No way in hell am I doing that! Will you look where you got bit?!” 
Since the fang marks were close to Ivor’s inner thigh, it would be highly awkward and embarrassing for 
her to do it. 
“Well, are you going to leave me here, Bonnie? You can’t be this heartless. If you had gotten bit, I would’ve 
sucked out the venom from wherever you got bit.” 
After some thought, she said, “Stay put while I look for some herbs and apply them to the bite. That’ll cure 
it.” 
“There’s no need for all that trouble. You just have to suck-” Ivor stooed when he noticed Bonnie glaring 
at him. 
keep 
She said, “I’ll leave you here if you keep this up.” 
Jim was sleeping on the bed before he jolted awake from a nightmare. Benedict came over with some hot tea and said, “You’re awake, Master Jim. You don’t look well. Did you have a bad dream?” 
“Mhm.” Jim nodded. He had a nightmare where someone assassinated Bonnie. He asked, “Where’s 
Bonnie?” 
“She’s out with Ivor.” 
“Where did they run off to? Is it just the two of them?” His worried expression roused Benedict’s curiosity. 
‘I know he’s a close friend of Bonnie’s, but does he ha 
to be this nervous about her going off with Ivor?‘ 
“Yeah, Sis said her friend’s grandfather would have a birthday party soon. So, she went to the hill to pick 
some horsetails for him.” 
At that moment, Welma barged in, saying, “This is bad! Someone got hurt!” 
To their surprise, Jim bolted out of the room. “Bonnie!” 
Welma and Gerald exchanged glances, and the former asked, “Honey, don’t you think Master Jim cares too much about Bonnie?” 
“Yeah, I sense that, too,” Gerald said as he watched Jim leave. 
Welma’s eyes widened as she exclaimed, “I–Is Master Jim in love with Bonnie?! I would agree in a 
heartbeat if he wanted to marry her. On the other hand, Ivor would make a fine husband, too. 
Chapter 454 
2/2 
“I’m not even talking about his wealth. He’s so in love with Bonnie, and I’ve never seen that look he gives her on another man’s face before.” 
“Don’t you think you’re overthinking it?” Gerald did not think Jim harbored such a feeling toward his 
daughter. 
Welma insisted, “Isn’t it obvious? Just look at how much he cares about Bonnie! Why would he dash out of the house if he didn’t have feelings for her? Go on, tell me. Why else would he care so much?” 
Gerald did not have a good answer for that. Still, he did not think Jim loved Bonnie that way. 
Meanwhile, Jim raced out of the porch. He was tense the whole way up the hill. When he saw Bonnie, he picked up his pace and ran to her, scanning her from head to toe. “Where’s your wound? Tell me! I’m worried sick about you!” 
“Well…” 
“If you don’t tell me, I’ll hit you till you pass out and take you to the hospital for a full check–up.” After some thought, Bonnie said, “I’m not the one who got hurt. Ivor did.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 455
Chapter 455 
1/2 
“Huh?” Jim was stunned as he glanced at Ivor. He didn’t relax until he saw the herbs on the latter’s thigh. ” Your mom said someone got hurt, and I thought she meant you.” 
Ivor squinted at him, and the other two could not tell what was on his mind. He said, “You’re a little too concerned about my fiancee’s well–being, Master Jim. If I didn’t know better, I would’ve thought something was between you two.” 
That was when Jim realized he had behaved inappropriately. He said, “I thought I explained that. I owe her my life, so it’s only normal that I care about her this much.” 
It just so happened that Welma and Gerald had arrived and heard what he said. “So, that’s how it is. That explains why you’re so concerned about Bonnie.” 
“Yeah, that’s about it. Please don’t complicate things. Bonnie and I are just real close friends,” Jim purposely phrased his sentence that way. 
‘I need to shift their attention so they don’t misinterpret my relationship with Bonnie. Still, I don’t think they would. As far as they’re concerned, Bonnie’s just an ordinary girl. They probably think she’s the furthest thing from the nation’s leading researcher. Even so, I’d rather be safe than sorry.“‘ 
Before they knew it, the summer solstice ended. The following day, Bonnie and Ivor returned to Pyralis together. They had promised Ged they would attend his grandfather’s birthday as soon as the summer 
solstice ended. 
Ged called Ivor and asked, “Hello. Where are you guys?” 
Bonnie answered the call because Ivor was driving. She said, “We’ll arrive in five minutes, tops.” 
“All right, I’m waiting for you guys!” 
When Ged hung up, his sister, Aimee Franklin’s, sarcastic voice sounded, “What’s wrong with you, Ged? Why are you so friendly toward Bonnie? I thought you told me she loved lying. 
“You said she claimed to have bought a Maybach and knows someone from Bonita Research Institute. You always complained about her making up stories. Judging by your tone back then, I thought you hated her guts.” 
“Things are different now, Aimee. I said all that because I didn’t know her well enough. I made a snap judgment about her, but I now think she could’ve seriously bought that Maybach.” Ged would have forgotten that if his sister had not mentioned the past. 
“Hehehe.” Aimee did not believe a word her brother said. “She must’ve put a spell on you or something. The same goes for Ivor. I can’t believe he ignored his childhood friend, Rowena, for a country bumpkin.” 
Rowena was standing beside Aimee and heard what the latter said. The former began to cry as she said, Th–that’s enough, Aimee. Maybe Ivor and I aren’t meant to be.” 
“What are you talking about? You guys would’ve been together if Bonnie hadn’t shown up!” Aimee spoke up for her friend. 
10 
Chapter 455. 
$2/2 
Halle nodded. “I agree with Aimee. You’re Ivor’s rightful soulmate. Bonnie is the one who ruined your relationship with him.” 
Ged could not take it anymore. “That’s too much, girls. How did Bonnie come between Ivor and Rowena? They weren’t even together when she came into the picture. Also, he’s the one who’s hitting on her, and she hadn’t even agreed to be his girlfriend.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 456
Chapter 456 
Ged regretted saying that because it made Rowena hate Bonnie even more. 
‘I couldn’t win Ivor’s heart, yet Bonnie dared to play it off like she didn’t care about him. I hate that she’s 
playing hard to get.‘ 
Aimee said, “What do you mean, Ged? Bonnie’s just leading him on. I detest women who do that. I can’t stand by and do nothing when someone like her plays Ivor like a fiddle. I can’t ignore Rowena going through such torture. I’ll tell Grandpa about it and ask him to intervene.” 
A moment later, Edward stroked his beard and approached, “Did I hear someone mentioning me?” 
“Grandpa!” Aimee took his arm in hers and said, “I was talking about how Bonnie used deceitful means to s*** Ivor. Since you’re a respected professor at Pyralis University, you are the wisest person I know. I need you to figure out how to tear her away from him.” 
The older man frowned and asked, “Why do I find that name so familiar?” 
doby 
“She’s that good–for–nothing that got disowned by the Shepards. I heard she rebelled against her parents and constantly picked on her stepsister. That’s why the Shepards kicked Bonnie out.” 
“Oh?” It was evident Edward had not heard about that. 
“That’s right, Grandpa! You were too busy with your research to care about such things. Of course, 
wouldn’t know about it.” 
you 
“Still, why is that name so familiar? It’s like I just heard her name several days ago,” Edward muttered. 
Aimee kept bugging him, “Grandpa, you have to help Rowena and Ivor! You’ve known them since they were children. I don’t think you can bear to see poor Rowena getting her heart broken and Ivor taking the wrong path in life because of that country bumpkin.” 
Halle followed Aimee’s lead and added, “She’s right! You must pull Ivor out of it, Mr. Edward! You’re a scholar who’s more intelligent than the average Joe. I’m sure he’ll listen to you out of respect.” 
“All right, but I’ll need to meet this Bonnie person before doing anything drastic. I’d like to see if she’s as you guys say she is. If you’re right, I’ll talk some sense into Ivor.” 
“Grandpa!” Ged chimed in, “Don’t listen to their 
“That’s enough, Ged! What’s wrong with you? 
“Onsense. Bonnie’s not as bad as they say. She’s actually 
“What do you mean I’m defending her? I’m just telling the truth.” 
“I don’t care about what you think. In 3. Why do you keep defending her?” Aimee was furious. 
any 
, Grandpa is a wis 
aan He’ll know how vicious Bonnie is 
when he sees her for himself!” Aimee had decided that Bonnie was rotten to the core. 
Furthermore, the former was sure Bonnie had 
her. 
put a spell on Ivor. That had to be why he kept defending- 
Chapter 456 
2/2 
“Ugh. I can’t stand talking to you.” Aimee knew she could no longer reason with Ged and turned to her grandfather, saying, “I heard there’s a new president at Pyralis University. Can you say a few good words for me and see if they can bend the rules for me to get in, Grandpa?” 
“Um…” Edward was troubled. “That’ll be a little tricky. She put in a new rule that forbade us from bringing in students via any loopholes.” 
“Please, Grandpa. I’ve always wanted to attend Pyralis University. All of my friends got in, but I didn’t. It’s so humiliating!” she said shamelessly. 
That was when Ivor and Bonnie entered the party hall. 
“Hey, you guys are here at last!” Ged quickly went to welcome them. Then, he whispered, “Bonnie, my younger sister has a little misunderstanding about you. She has a strong opinion of you but is still naive. Don’t let her get under your skin, okay?” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 457
Chapter 457 
1/2 
“All right, I got it. Don’t worry, Ged. I won’t care what your sister says about me since she isn’t someone I 
know too well.” 
Ivor added, “That’s only true, provided she doesn’t take things too far. Bonnie might be generous and forgiving, but that doesn’t mean I’ll tolerate it.” 
“Um…” Ged was at a loss. 
Suddenly, Aimee appeared from behind him and pointed at Bonnie. The former told Edward, “That’s her, 
Grandpa! She’s Bonnie.” 
When Ged heard how loud his sister yelled, he wanted to pull her away. Meanwhile, Edward glanced at 
Bonnie and then stared at her so hard that his eyes almost popped. He stammered, “M–Miss-” 
“Hello there, Professor Edward. I’m Bonnie, a computer science student at Pyralis University. I came to 
wish you a happy birthday,” she said calmly. 
“Y–You… You’re…” Edward stuttered before laughing heartily and saying, “Th–that’s great! Thank you! It’s 
my honor to have you at my birthday party. I’m on cloud nine right now!” 
Everyone wondered why he reacted so enthusiastically. They could not shake the feeling that something 
strange was happening. 
“Grandpa!” Aimee tugged at the older man’s sleeves and asked, “Why are you so friendly to her? I thought you promised me that you’d teach her a lesson.” 
Edward’s brows furrowed as he lectured her, “Aimee, that’s rude of you. Bonnie traveled so far to wish me a happy birthday. Not only did you not thank her for coming, but you even asked me to teach her a lesson. Is that how your parents have been raising you?” 
Aimee knew her grandfather was genuinely frustrated with her. At that moment, a burning fury overtook her. “What’s wrong with you, Grandpa? You should be lecturing her, but you’re yelling at me instead. I can’t believe you’re getting mad at me for this nobody.” 
“Who are you calling a nobody? She’s the-” 
‘She’s the university president and is also connected to Bonita Research Institute. How can Aimee claim that she’s a nobody? I wish I could tape her mouth shut right now.‘ 
“There’s more!” Aimee continued furiously, “She stole Ivor from Rowena. So, how could you defend her?” 
Smack! 
Edward slapped his granddaughter, causing a pin–drop silence as all the guests looked their way. The older man’s actions also shocked Ged, Rowena, and Halle. 
Edward was furious. “Aimee Franklin, where are your manners?! Sigmund arranged for Ivor and Bonnie to get engaged. They’ve also hosted an engagement party. As for Rowena–I know she’s Ivor’s childhood friend, but that’s all. 
Chapter 457 
2/2 
“They’ve done nothing to show us that they were ever a couple, yet you said Bonnie stole Ivor away from Rowena. The way I see it, Rowena’s trying to tear him away from her!” 
Everyone in the hall was stunned, and Rowena froze. After gathering her thoughts, she noticed everyone staring at her strangely. She felt humiliated and wished to bury her head somewhere. 
Even Ged did not expect his grandfather to help but glance at Bonnie. 
ct so differently toward Bonnie. Ged and Ivor could not 
She felt the duo’s intense stares but feigned ignorance. She was content to be a spectator of this incident. Meanwhile, Ged nudged Ivor and whispered, “Don’t you think my grandpa’s acting a little weird 
today?” 
“Mhm.” 
“Do you think it’s because of Bonnie?” 
“Mhm.” 
“Why, though? Although Bonnie might be tough, my grandpa doesn’t know she’s the miracle doctor. As far as he knows, Bonnie is just an ordinary student studying where he works. He shouldn’t treat her so differently now.” 
“Mhm.” 
“Is that all you’re going to say?” Ged’s lips twitched. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 458
Chapter 458 
“That’s all I can say because you’ve voiced everything I wanted to ask.” 
Ged was at a loss as Edward stared at Aimee. Her eyes had reddened, and she was on the verge of tears. Under normal circumstances, the older man would have felt heartbroken if he saw Aimee like that. However, there was nothing but forbidding sternness in his eyes now. 
Edward questioned, “Do you see where you’re wrong now, Aimee?” 
She gritted her teeth, but it did not look like she would admit it. 
“It looks like you disagree with me: Fine, I’ll ask you some questions. You claimed Bonnie stole Ivor from Rowena, correct? Now, was Ivor and Rowena ever a couple before Bonnie appeared?” 
Aimee remained silent. 
“Answer me, 
now!” 
“N–No, they weren’t a couple,” she responded sobbingly. 
“Very well. I know Rowena loved Ivor before they knew Bonnie, but did Ivor love Rowena back?” 
“pm…. 
“Did he love Rowena?! Answer me!” 
She pursed her lips and said, “I don’t think so.” 
“One last question. Let’s pretend you love someone, and he has a childhood friend. 
Naturally, he doesn’t like his childhood friend that way. Would you have stolen hay from her if you’d gotten together with him?” Edward’s questions stumped her. 
He helplessly shook his head and glanced at Rowena, asking, “Did Rowena just tell sob story earlier?” 
you 
her 
“How did you know about that, Grandpa?” 
“Why can’t you use your brain for once? She’s just using you to stand up for her!” He was furious at how gullible his granddaughter was. 
“Y–You can’t be serious, Grandpa! Rowena doesn’t seem like the kind of person.” 
“Still don’t see it? What did I do to deserve such a foolish granddaughter like you?” 
“I just don’t-” She was about to say something when she heard the party guests muttering. 
“Edward slapped het real hard earlier! I was so frightened.” 
“Can you blame him? Aimee was such a buffoon that she was fooled into doing someone else’s dirty work. Bonnie and Ivor are a perfect match and are in love with each other. Aimee’s a fool who wants to stand up for Rowena. 
“Well, she’s bitten off more than she could chew. After all, everyone in the high society circle knows Rowena loved Ivor, but he didn’t care for her.” 
The more Aimee listened in, the more embarrassed she felt. A moment later, she turned and glared daggers at Rowena, causing the latter to shiver and say, “Th–that’s not true, Aimee. I didn’t-* 
“Don’t talk to me! Your voice and face make me sick!” 
Tears rolled down Rowena’s cheeks as she turned to Halle and said, “I never intended to use Aimee. I didn’t- Don’t you believe me?” 
Halle patted Rowena’s back and answered, “That goes without saying. Aimee’s a fool for believing anything people tell her. On the other hand, you and I have known each other since childhood. I know you well. Don’t feel sad about this. 
“Aimee simply isn’t fit to be your friend. Trust is the most important thing between friends. You can count on me to never betray you, Rowena.” 
“Thank you for being my best friend, Halle.” 
Aimee had always detested cunning people, so she hated Rowena now. Meanwhile, Edward was pleased with his granddaughter’s reaction. He said, “You did well to learn this, Aimee. However, you owe Bonnie an apology.” 
“Do I have to?” She pursed her lips. 
“Didn’t you want me to use my connections to get you into Pyralis University? Well, you won’t get the chance if you don’t apologize.” 
“I just don’t-” She was about to say something when she heard the party guests muttering. 
“Edward slapped her real hard earlier! I was so frightened.” 
“Can you blame him? Aimee was such a buffoon that she was fooled into doing someone else’s dirty work. Bonnie and Ivor are a perfect match and are in love with each other. 
up Aimee’s a fool who wants to stand for Rowena. 
“Well, she’s bitten off more than she could chew. After all, everyone in the high society circle knows Rowena loved Ivor, but he didn’t care for her.” 
The more Aimee listened in, the more embarrassed she felt. A moment later, she turned and glared daggers at Rowena, causing the latter to shiver and say, “Th–that’s not true, Aimee. I didn’t-” 
“Don’t talk to me! Your voice and face make me sick!” 
Tears rolled down Rowena’s cheeks as she turned to Halle and said, “I never intended to use Aimee. I didn’t- Don’t you believe me?” 
Halle patted Rowena’s back and answered, “That goes without saying. Aimee’s a fool for believing anything people tell her. On the other hand, you and I have known each other since childhood. I know you well. Don’t feel sad about this. 
“Aimee simply isn’t fit to be your friend. Trust is the most important thing between friends. You can count on me to never betray you, Rowena.” 
“Thank you for being my best friend, Halle.” 
Aimee had always detested cunning people, so she hated Rowena now. Meanwhile, Edward was pleased with his granddaughter’s reaction. He said, “You did well to learn this, Aimee. However, you owe Bonnie an apology.” 
“Do I have to?” She pursed her lips. 
“Didn’t you want me to use my connections to get you into Pyralis University? Well, you won’t get the chance if you don’t apologize.” 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 459
Chapter 459 
Aimee did not understand what her grandfather meant. “Grandpa, what do you mean? What does apologizing to Bonnie have to do with me getting into Pyralis University?” 
“Just trust me. I’ll try to talk to Bonnie alone when I can later. All you need to do is apologize to her sincerely.” 
“B–But…” 
“No buts! I’ll only repeat it one more time. Apologize to Bonnie now, or you can kiss Pyralis University goodbye.” 
Although Aimee might not have understood why her grandfather said those things, she was determined to attend the university. Firstly, almost all her friends got in, and secondly, Pyralis University was in a different league now. 
More accurately, the newly appointed university president had secured a collaboration with Bonita Research Institute. 
Although Aimee would have nothing to do with their scientific research competition, it did not change the fact that she would be getting into a university that collaborated with the highly renowned research institute. 
She could even meet the prominent Ms. Bonita one day if she were lucky. 
Soon after, Edward found an opportunity to talk to Bonnie alone. Since Aimee was still nearby, he tried not to address Bonnie formally. 
Bonnie asked in puzzlement, “Is there anything I can do for you?” 
“Miss–ahem–Bonnie. My granddaughter wanted to apologize but couldn’t because so many people were around. So, she asked for my help to talk to you alone.” 
“Oh, okay.” Bonnie nodded understandingly and looked at Aimee, saying, “Go ahead and apologize.” 
The latter noticed how lightly Bonnie took it, and her guilt faded. 
Edward grew slightly annoyed when he realized his granddaughter was not saying anything. He asked, “Why aren’t you apologizing? I thought you begged me to help you talk to her alone.” 
‘I’ve never begged for anything. Why should I? Aimee thought. Even so, she needed to get it over with because she wanted to get into the university. After all, she was the one who had misbehaved earlier. So, apologizing to Bonnie would not hurt Aimee’s pride. 
I 
“I’m sorry about what I said earlier, Bonnie. I allowed Rowena to manipulate me. 
Bonnie nodded. “It’s good that you can admit your mistakes.” 
‘Damn it! She’s talking to me like she’s lecturing a little kid! Ugh, it reminds me of how Grandpa talks to me. Come one, doesn’t she know we’re the same age?‘ 
Aimee fought the urge to roll her eyes. She whispered to Edward, “There, I apologized to her. Now, what does that have to do with me getting into Pyralis University? Also, how do you plan to do that?” 
Edward noticed Bonnie was about to leave. He hastily asked, “Is it true that Pyralis 
University no longer takes in students who intend to get in through connections with someone on the inside?” 
‘Huh?‘ Aimee was puzzled, wondering, ‘What does Grandpa mean? Why does he need Bonnie, an ordinary student, to weigh in on this?‘ 
Bonnie stopped and said, “That’s right. The university had been letting people in that way, and it was unfair to the students who showed sheer effort and commitment to get in. It wasn’t even fair to those from middle–class or low–income families. That was what I suggested to the former university president. 
‘What?!‘ Aimee was bewildered. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 460
Chapter 460 
Aimee thought, ‘So, the university stopped allowing students to get in through connections because of Bonnie’s suggestion? Is that a joke? 
‘Firstly, she’s just a student, and secondly, she was still taking the SAT’s when the university decided that. She wasn’t even a student at that university at that time.‘ 
Edward was just as surprised as his granddaughter. “I didn’t know that was your idea, Bonnie. With that said, I think we can make a few exceptions. It doesn’t have to be so airtight.” 
“Oh? What do you mean?” Bonnie asked. 
“I always say nothing is absolute. I suggest we make a few exceptions when certain conditions are met. We can let a few wealthy people slip in with the right amount of money. After all, fees mean nothing to the rich. 
“The university will make a considerable profit. Then, we can use that money to incentivize students from low–income students. We can amp up the scholarship and enroll more financially challenged students.” 
Bonnie rubbed her chin thoughtfully and said, “You have a point. Keep going.” 
That’s just part of the reason. We can also let wealthy families donate or sponsor the renovations of campus facilities such as the cafeteria, library, and dormitories. This should provide the students with a better learning and living environment. 
“That said, we must consider a benefit for those who donate or sponsor the university. We can’t ask them to do all that for nothing. We can thank them by advertising their company names on the university’s Twitter account. 
“The university will improve, and the donors will gain notoriety. It’s a win–win situation, don’t you 
you think?” 
The more Bonnie listened, the more plausible she thought it was. After some thought, she added, “Bonita Research Institute can prioritize providing these wealthy families with the fruits of their scientific research. I think they’ll be more enthusiastic about sponsoring the university then.” 
Edward’s eyes widened with shock as he stared at the young lady before him. 
‘Did she say Bonita Research Institute would provide the fruits of its scientific research? Does she get to make such decisions? It’s different from her claim in the previous meeting. She said she’d convince Bonita Research Institute to take in the winner of its competition as 
an intern. 
‘However, what she’s claiming now is on a different level! Everyone in the institute works together to conduct scientific research. Now, Bonnie’s saying they’ll provide the fruits of their labor to the university without having to check with them. 
‘If another person had made these claims, I would’ve thought they were bluffing. Still, Bonnie’s the university president. She wouldn’t make such bold claims if she weren’t.‘ 
Edward was an excellent judge of character and knew Bonnie was not making things up. If that were the case, she must hold a higher standing than the professors at Bonita Research Institute. After all, not even ordinary professors could make such claims. 
That meant her influence was far more significant than Edward had imagined. He was shocked as he considered Bonnie’s actual status. 
Meanwhile, the utterly dumbfounded Aimee thought, ‘Why are we suddenly discussing the fruits of the research institute when we were talking about getting into Pyralis University through connections? What does this have to do with anything?” 
Bonnie thought about it and decided, “All right, let’s do it that way. We’ll allow students to enroll via connections, but there’s a condition. These applicants mustn’t flunk any subjects. After all, they’ll tarnish the university’s standards if they can’t even perform well in tests. 
“I’ll need you to propose a minimum amount of donations or sponsorships and other prerequisites, Edward.” 
“Y–You’re letting me handle it?!” Edward was pleasantly surprised. 
“I have faith in your capabilities.” She looked at him solemnly. 
“Okay, then! I’ll gladly take up the task.” 
“Okay.” She mulled it over, adding, “I think you have what it takes to oversee the university’s operations. Why don’t you apply for the vice president position?” 
“M–Me?! Are you sure it’s a good idea? I’m currently prioritizing scientific research. I fear my attention and time to other tasks might hinder my research.” 
“I respectfully disagree with that. Take me for an example. My main job isn’t related to computer science at all. However, I’m running into a bottleneck, so I’m trying to expand my horizons by studying computer science at the university. 
“Frankly speaking, I’ve been using the same method to inspire myself and make new 
progress in 
my main specialization,” Bonnie said leisurely. 
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 461
Chapter 461 
Chapter 461 
Edward’s jaw dropped as he thought, ‘I might know what she specializes in! That would explain why someone as prestigious as Bonnie would study computer science at Pyralis University. 
‘I finally see why Sigmund disregarded everyone’s ion and insisted on setting his grandson up with a countryside girl.‘ 
Bonnie said, “I meant it when I said you have what it takes to be the university’s vice president. Of course, the decision is yours to make. I won’t push you if you’re uninterested.” 
‘Honestly, I’d be disappointed if he rejects the position.‘ 
“Why, of course, I am!” Edward grinned. “Ahem! Um, Bonnie, what do you think about my talent in scientific research?” 
The clueless Aimee began to feel uneasy. After all, her grandfather was outstanding and knowledgeable, yet he humbly asked for Bonnie’s opinion of him. 
Bonnie replied straightaway, “You have the potential to be an experienced professor at Pyralis University. Naturally, you possess extraordinary talent and skills. 
Edward asked, “Do you think I’ll ever have the honor of visiting Bonita Research Institute as 
a way way 
to broaden my horizons?” 
‘Since he asked that question, he must’ve guessed who I really am. Since that’s the case, there’s no point hiding it anymore.‘ 
Bonnie said, “Just inform me when you’re free.” 
“Fantastic!” Edward was so overjoyed that he jumped and fist–pumped like a child. 
He could not contain his excitement. After all, they talked about one of the most renowned research institutes. Any self–respective researcher would want to check out its labs. 
“It’s settled, then. Ivor just texted me, so I’ll be leaving now.” Bonnie waved and left. 
“Okay, I’ll see you soon, Bonnie!” Edward grew envious of Sigmund as the former watched 
Bonnie leave. 
‘I can’t believe that old coot has Avandor’s science prodigy as his daughter–in–law!‘ 
“G–Grandpa, am I seeing things? You are my grandpa, right?” Aimee struggled to digest what she had just seen and heard. Seeing her usually solemn grandfather acting like a child shocked her. 
Chapter 461 
2/2 
“What nonsense are you spouting?” 
“N–No, I mean… You see, I… You just… Ah! Bonnie, yeah, that’s it. Did Bonnie just promote you to be Pyralis University’s vice president?” 
“Didn’t you hear a word just now, Aimee?” 
“W–Wait a minute and let me think. Bonnie promoted you, but how does she have the power to do that? Is it because she knows someone from Bonita Research Institute? Even so, how does that make you the vice president? 
“Does Bonnie know Ms. Bonita?! They’re both Shepards, right? Are you telling me Bonnie is Ms. Bonita’s distant relative?” 
Edward’s lips twitched as he thought, ‘I was going to tell Aimee to keep Bonnie’s identity a secret, but my granddaughter is such a fool that she can’t even see the truth. Aimee was listening the whole time, yet that’s what she assumes?‘ 
After some thought, Edward said, “I think Bonnie made the right call. Even if we allow wealthy people to buy their way into the university, we must ensure their children don’t flunk any subjects. Otherwise, it’ll hurt the university’s reputation.” 
“What do you mean by that, Grandpa?” 
“It means you can’t tell anyone about my conversation with Bonnie. Understand? It’s a massive deal! If you disobey me and tell anyone, I’ll disown you,” Edward said solemnly. mass 
Aimee pouted and said, “Oh, okay. I promise not to tell anyone that Bonnie is Ms. Bonita’s 
distant relative.” 
‘So what if they’re distant relatives? She’s not Ms. Bonita, and Grandpa doesn’t need to 
make such a fuss.‘ 
Edward sighed and looked at his granddaughter disdainfully. He thought, ‘Bonnie and Aimee are the same age, but the difference between them is as vast as the ocean! Anyone with a granddaughter like Bonnie would have difficulty not smiling in their sleep.‘ 
“The Shepards, huh?” he muttered. 
‘They’ll regret disowning her one day.‘ 
Bonnie almost bumped into Ivor as she approached the party hall. She asked, “Where are you going in such a hurry?“
###I Love You Miss Genius ( Bonnie Shepard ) CHAPTER 462
Chapter 462 
“I was looking for you,” Ivor answered. 
Although it was a brief response, Bonnie’s heart almost skipped a beat. She said, “I’m not a child, y’know. I was just gone for a little while. Were you worried I got lost?” 
“I was so terrified that I wished to put you in my pocket. Then, I can check on you anytime I 
want.‘ 
“I’m not an accessory.” 
“That you are. You’re my accessory.” 
Bonnie was as tough as nails and was getting more used to him. However, she could not stop herself from blushing and her heart pounding. She said, “I’m hungry. I’ll go get some food from over there.” 
“I’ll come with you.” Ivor served her well and would take whatever food she wanted without delay. Fortunately, she had adamantly protested, or he would have fed her. 
Ivor looked at his phone in puzzlement and frowned. “Hmm?” 
“What’s wrong?” 
He put down his phone and looked at her, saying, “I received insider information. It seems Pyralis University will loosen its enrollment rules for wealthy families.” 
“Oh?” Bonnie was so good at pretending that she almost bought into her own act. 
“Isn’t the Scientific Research Competition in two days?” He asked. 
“Are you going?” 
“Exactly. The Knight Group is one of the event’s investors, so I must attend.” 
Bonnie guessed, “Are you going to have a discussion with one of the top management personnel and enroll one of the Knights in the university?” 
“That’s not what matters. I want to see if I can meet with the new president.” 
Bonnie was shocked when she heard that. She asked, “Why are you so determined to meet with the new president?” 
“I suspect she’s close to Ms. Bonita.” He analyzed the situation slowly. “It’s not just me, either. Many people share the same suspicion and will do anything to get into the university.” 
M 
Chapter 462 
Bonnie remained silent, knowing she could let something slip at such a moment. As she tried to mask her inner feelings by stuffing herself with food, Ivor looked at her and said, You also seem to have a connection with someone at Bonita Research Institute.‘ 
Bonnie knew he was probing. “You’re right. I’m well connected to one of the people there.” 
“Oh, and what connection would that be?” He squinted at her. 
She stared at him and said, “I won’t get into the specifics. After all, it’s about the research institute. You’ll understand why I don’t want to give anything away.” 
“All right, I won’t pry if you’re unwilling to tell me. Will you be participating in the Scientific Research Competition?“. 
Bonnie chuckled and said, “I’m a computer science student. Why would I participate?” 
“Your capabilities in scientific research impressed even Neville, my family’s scientific genius. Don’t you think you would’ve won the competition effortlessly? That way, you can secure an internship at Bonita Research Institute and become an official staff member 
there.‘ 
2
###Chapter 463
Bonnie said, "Your opinion of me is too high. Still, I don't intend to participate in the competition."
'Ivor is still suspicious of me, and I can't let it continue. I must neutralize his suspicions completely.'
"Why not? Don't you want to work at Bonita Research Institute?"
"Everyone has preferences. Also, Pyralis University has recruited exceptionally talented students from around the globe. The campus is full of extraordinary people. Why are you so confident I'll win the competition if I participate?"
"I just know you will," Ivor said confidently, "All right, let's drop it. Is there anything else you want to eat? I'll get it for you."
He showed the perfect example of quitting while he was ahead. After all, Bonnie would probably stop talking to him if he kept prying.
Bonnie sighed in relief as she watched him leave to get her more food. She knew he was so smart that he would realize she was Ms. Bonita if she slipped up even once.
Two days had passed, and the Scientific Research Competition was about to begin. All newspapers and media focused on Pyralis University. Still in the hospital, Russell grinned from ear to ear as he watched the television.
"Hahaha! I was right to insist on Bonnie taking over my position! She's the perfect successor. Now that our competition has become a hot topic throughout Arvandor, the president of Drungend University is probably crying. Our enrolment rate next year will set a new record! I'm excited just thinking about it!"
Suddenly, the door opened, and Elliana, the president of the Pyralian Pianists Association, entered. "You're an old man, Russell. Stop getting so excited. The doctor said you can't afford to get worked up. You can drop dead at any second if you keep it up."
"You're just jealous of me, honey. Bonnie's willing to take over my position instead of yours," he boasted triumphantly.
She grunted in response. "Why would I be jealous? You shouldn't be so proud of yourself when you deceived her. You have no idea how ashamed of you I am."
"Drop the act. If you could pretend to be sick, you would've done the same thing and tricked Bonnie into taking over your association."
"That's a load of crap!" She stomped. "I came because I cared about you and wanted to see how you were doing, but you seem perfectly fine. It seems you'll live long and plague the world!"
"Care about me? Save it for someone who buys your crap. The way I see it, you're just here to make fun of me."
"You're becoming more unreasonable as the days pass! I just can't talk to you anymore!" Elliana left the ward, supporting herself with the cane. Then, she dwelled on what her husband said. 'Perhaps I can also pretend to be sick to get Bonnie to take over my mantle. The old coot had just used this trick. I don't think it'll work if I use it again. It looks like I'll have to ask Coleman to s*** Bonnie.'
...
Back in Pyralis University, Bonnie was treading the cobblestone path when she overheard some conversations.
"I can't believe you managed to return here, Trina."
'Trina?' Bonnie did not bother turning around when she heard that name.
"Yeah, neither could I."
###Chapter 464
"Trina, I heard you got expelled twice because of Bonnie. I don't understand how she pulled that off."
Trina wanted to badmouth Bonnie but decided against it after considering her promises to Gresham and Vera.
"The truth isn't what you guys think it is. Bonnie and my family are strangers. None of us have anything to do with her."
One of Trina's friends saw Bonnie and purposely said, "We know that. Your dad published a video, and your mom swore an oath, too. I guess it works out for you guys. That way, you'll finally rid yourselves of that pathetic good-for-nothing."
Trina covered her friend's mouth and warned, "Lower your voice, or she'll hear you."
"I don't give a damn if she can hear me."
"Stop it—" Trina turned and realized Bonnie was looking at her. The former trembled and bowed at Bonnie apologetically. "I'm sorry, Bonnie! I swear we weren't badmouthing you!"
Bonnie glanced at her coldly and accidentally bumped into a fellow college student. She said, "Oops, sorry! I didn't watch where I was going."
She then realized she had just bumped into one of the two most handsome students at the university. His name was Toby Davis, among the brightest minds there.
He held a peculiar-looking robot with both hands and was so focused on tweaking it that he did not even glance at Bonnie. Instead, he simply brushed past her.
"Pfft!" Trina's friends cackled, and one said, "I'm sure she bumped into him on purpose. She must've thought she could s*** him with her looks, but he didn't even look at her."
"Bonnie must feel humiliated now, even though she's pretty. Coleman is also the other most handsome student at our university. Even he treats Bonnie nicely. With that said, Toby isn't as approachable as Coleman."
"You got that right. Toby is as cold and distant as they come. He rarely talks to anyone. I hear not even his roommate has heard him speak. Toby doesn't have a friend on campus, either. He only cares about his studies.
"Who does Bonnie think she is? Why would she assume every guy has to stop and stare at her?"
"Since I'm from the Newspaper Club, I'll publish this video I recorded on the college website later. Let's show everyone just how much of a dunce Bonnie is!"
"Seconded!"
"I'm behind you on that."
Bonnie ignored their nasty remarks and stared at Toby's robot. Avril asked softly, "What are you staring at? Do you seriously have a crush on Toby?"
Bonnie looked at her friend, raising her brow and asking, "What makes you think that?"
"For starters, I saw you staring at him."
"Are you kidding me? No, I won't even argue with you. I wasn't looking at him, but at the robot he was holding."
"Are you serious?" Avril did not quite believe her. After all, Toby was dashing. Even she could not help but linger when she saw him earlier.
Bonnie mimicked Avril's tone and joked, "Well, if you don't believe me, look into my eyes and see if I'm lying."
"Fine, I believe you now. What a relief. If you fall in love with another man, Ivor would raze the university to the ground." Avril patted her chest dramatically. Suddenly, she heard a deep and charming voice, "Why would I do that for no good reason?"
Avril gasped. She was so shocked that she flinched like a spooked cat, thinking, 'Did he hear what Bonnie and I were talking about earlier?!'
###Chapter 465
"Why are you looking at me like that? Were you badmouthing me to Bonnie?" Ivor squinted at Avril, trying to figure her out.
A chill ran down her spine, and she stammered, "N-Not at all! Why would I do that? I-I was just telling Bonnie how wonderful you are and that she should cherish what she has. After all, she'll never find anyone as perfect as you. Yeah, that's what we were talking about earlier."
Bonnie glanced at Avril but did not expose her lies.
"I appreciate that," Ivor nodded and said, "I'll give you something real nice in return when Bonnie and I get married."
"Sure! I'm looking forward to it. Make sure it's a super nice gift, okay? I won't accept anything less than that!"
"You got it!"
"I'll hold you to that promise!"
Bonnie was speechless about their interaction. She thought, 'I'm supposed to be the future bride, yet none of them asked for my opinion. They just went ahead and decided on their own.'
Floyd approached and said, "Mr. Ivor, all the other investors are here. They need you to be there, too."
Ivor looked at Bonnie and asked, "Do you want to come with me? You can sit beside me."
"You can forget about that. I don't want to draw attention to myself," Bonnie shoved him and said, "Hurry along now."
If she sat with Ivor, the entire university would focus on her instead of the competition. If that happened, she could no longer enjoy a peaceful university life.
Trina watched as Ivor approached the venue. Her brows furrowed as she said, "It's him."
"Who's that? Do you know that handsome man?" her friend asked.
"Even though I've seen him several times, I don't know who he is."
'What's he doing here? I think I saw him with Bonnie a minute ago. That reminds me Mom received a call during the summer solstice.
'She told me the village talked about how Bonnie brought back the wealthiest man in Pyralis. Of course, we didn't buy that crap since we're not that gullible.'
Trina grew curious and followed Ivor. However, she kept her distance and stayed out of sight.
Meanwhile, Bonnie told Avril, "Let's go inside, too."
"I've wanted to go in since earlier. I'm sure the Scientific Research Competition will be a spectacle!" Avril had just taken a step when she saw Terry from Bonita Research Institute. She approached the older man and greeted him, "Hello, Professor Terry!"
Then, she realized Reece was also there. "Hi, Professor Reece."
He looked at Avril and then glanced at Terry, asking, "Do you guys know each other?"
"Uh, well..." She instinctively looked at Bonnie. After all, she did not know Terry until Bonnie took her to the research institute.
At that moment, he followed Avril's gaze and noticed Bonnie, causing his heart to skip a beat. He thought, 'It looks like I'm getting closer to the truth.' Terry said, "Miss-"
Bonnie nodded and interjected, "Hi, Professor Terry."
He was stunned and swiftly caught himself, saying, "Greetings, Bonnie."
Meanwhile, Reece continued to observe the duo's exchange, thinking, 'I swear I'm getting closer to the truth!'
Terry asked, "Are you going inside, too? Should we go together?"
"Sure thing," Bonnie replied and approached the competition venue.
Terry did not move until after Bonnie was a distance away.
###Chapter 466
When Reece followed Terry, the former noticed Jim, who disguised himself as a security guard, also following Bonnie.
Reece gulped as he looked at Terry and the security guard, who just happened to have a similar build to Jim. At that moment, Reece realized he had indeed grasped the truth.
Meanwhile, Trina tailed Ivor to the venue and saw him taking the seat specifically for Knight Group members. That was because the family was one of the investors. Trina was shocked when she saw that. 'Are the rumors true?! Is Bonnie in a relationship with the wealthiest man in Pyralis?'
Suddenly, Trina recalled the news about the engagement the wealthiest man in Pyralis had hosted long ago. She remembered talking about it with her friends and classmates. They were jealous of the girl who had gotten engaged to the man.
'If this man is the wealthiest man in Pyralis, I would be insanely jealous of Bonnie!'
"N-No, it can't be. I can't accept it," Trina muttered.
'Taking that seat doesn't necessarily mean he's the CEO of the Knight Group, right? His company could have sent him as a representative instead. I'll get to the bottom of this!'
Trina gritted her teeth and approached Ivor. Meanwhile, Bonnie and Avril entered the venue and saw what Trina was doing. Avril said, "Bonnie, do you think she'll try to s*** Ivor?"
"It doesn't look like it," Bonnie replied.
"Really, though? That is what she's doing."
"No, she's not. I think she's headed for trouble instead."
Avril noticed Bonnie's seriousness and could not help but cover her mouth and giggle. "Yeah, you're right. She's about to regret it."
Trina appeared before Ivor and acted awkwardly, trying to look innocent.
"Can I help you?" Ivor's tone lacked warmth as he glanced at her casually.
Trina found his demeanor imposing. No one could forge such an overbearing sense of authority. Instead, one could only attain it after spending most of one's life in the upper echelon of society. Ivor's overwhelming authority confirmed Trina's suspicions. Still, she asked, "Um, are you one of the Knight Group's staff members?"
"Why does that concern you?"
"I-I was just curious. One of Bonnie's fellow country folks says you're the CEO of the Knight Group. Is that true?"
Ivor squinted at her but did not respond. He only had to sit there silently to rouse fear in Trina's heart. She was so scared that she dared not move, let alone speak to him again. Soon after, he said, "You may leave now."
Trina was about to say something but realized her feet had gone numb. Hence, she could not help but feel amazed at how intimidating he was. She was about to leave the menacing-looking man alone but noticed a shift in his eyes.
His cold eyes brimmed with affection, making Trina wonder what brought on such a drastic change. She turned and followed his gaze to see Bonnie. Then, an intense jealousy and displeasure rose within Trina's chest.
She even wished to slash Bonnie's face with a knife.
'How dare she hoard all the nice things in life to herself! I'll win this competition, get a permanent job at Bonita Research Institute, and prove to everyone that I'm better than Bonnie! I'll excel at scientific research and shine once I get into the research institute!'
###Chapter 467
Avril tugged at Bonnie's sleeves and said, "Look at how miserable Trina looks. She's nothing but a homewrecker. I can't believe she thought someone as prominent as Ivor would like her. Not everyone is as unobservant as Hadwin."
Bonnie responded, "That's enough. Whatever Trina does doesn't concern us. Let's check out the contestants' inventions."
She checked them out, but none were good enough to pique her curiosity. Then, she kept walking and came upon a familiar robot.
Avril observed it from top to bottom and said, "Huh, this one seems familiar. I wonder where I've seen it before."
Then, she noticed Toby coming over. Instead of greeting him, she just stood there. It was evident he had built the robot. Avril muttered, "That explains why I find it so familiar. It's Toby's work."
Bonnie was pretty fascinated by his robot and went to touch it when his cold voice sounded, "You can look at it, but you can't touch it."
Although he acted coldly, she did not find him distasteful. On the contrary, she saw the makings of an excellent scientific researcher within him.
"What's with the attitude?" Avril questioned, "Fine, we'll leave you alone. Come on, Bonnie."
She tried to pull Bonnie, but the latter remained motionless. Avril looked at her and asked, "What's wrong?"
Bonnie stayed quiet for a few seconds and then swiftly touched the robot, causing Toby to spring into action. Although he was calm and collected before, he grew upset as he reached out to stop her.
However, Jim, who was never too far away from Bonnie, held Toby back and said, "We don't tolerate violence here, pal."
Toby said frustratingly, "Let me go! She touched my robot! For the record, I wasn't going to hit her or anything. I was just trying to stop her."
At that moment, Bonnie gave her feedback, "I'm going to guess your robot specializes in scanning and transporting books. I also noticed it can extend its arms to the highest shelves in the library to reach for books."
Toby was stunned, asking, "How'd you know that?"
"I can tell just by looking at it," Bonnie responded matter-of-factly, "Isn't it obvious enough?"
'It is?' Avril blinked and thought, 'I couldn't tell that was what it was for.'
"With that said," Bonnie continued, "The assembly is imperfect and clumsy. Hmm, it doesn't react quickly enough, either. It should concern the parts. They're too soft and flexible. Also, you'll have to optimize its pathing with the AS-R mobile dynamic obstacle avoidance."
Toby was astounded that she was familiar with this jargon. Still, that did not mean he agreed with her. He said coldly, "I'm sorry, but could you please leave? The competition is about to start." Meanwhile, Trina and her friends watched the whole thing unfold.
"Tsk tsk tsk... Look at Bonnie. First, she bumped into Toby on purpose, but it didn't work out for her. Now, she's trying to approach him when he wants nothing to do with her. She's so shameless." "She's always been like that. Toby's perceptive. One glance is enough for him to conclude how rotten Bonnie is. That's why he ignored her."
"You shouldn't tell anyone you knew her, Trina. She's just embarrassing."
However, Trina still tried to process Ivor's mysterious and shocking identity.
Five minutes later, the competition officially began. Bonnie sat in the auditorium and glanced at each contestant on stage. All she could do was shake her head.
###Chapter 468
Trina's invention was not half bad, but her character was questionable. Bonnie would not let someone like her even enter her research institute.
Trina took the stage and confidently introduced her invention. She fiddled with her robot as she said, "The robot I invented can sing and dance. It can also rearrange a song into different genres, such as rock and roll and hip-hop."
One of the judges said, "That's neat. It's certainly better than the other robots we've seen."
"You're right. That's the best invention up to this point."
Trina was on cloud nine as she accepted the ceaseless compliments.
'I knew it! I have this competition in the bag with skills and talent. Now, all that's left is Professor Terry. He represents Bonita Research Institute. If he gives me a nod, my victory is all but secured.'
She looked at him confidently. However, to her surprise, he lowered his head and fiddled with something. He showed no interest in her robot.
'Wh-what's happening?' Trina grew worried. 'It doesn't make sense. My robot is an excellent invention. Quite a few investors and judges have complimented me on it.
'If I remember correctly, Professor Terry sought my parents during the press conference for the latest nanomaterial. We thought he lowered himself to our level because he noticed my talents. I don't think that's no longer the case.
'If that's the case, why did he talk to my parents? He even looked at me back then. Wait a minute!'
Suddenly, something occurred to Trina. She thought that maybe he was not looking at her. After all, Bonnie was standing beside her back then.
Terry said impatiently, "All right, next, please!"
Trian was flustered as she left the stage. She even looked at Bonnie, sitting in the auditorium, the former's eyes full of resentment and bewilderment.
Toby was the next contestant. He took his robot to the stage to briefly explain it before demonstrating its capabilities. Terry complimented his work, "Nicely done. It's the best work I've seen today." Trina grew nervous when she heard that.
'No, he can't be the winner! I must get into Bonita Research Institute, no matter what! I hope to build myself up again and get revenge on Bonnie.'
Meanwhile, Toby wallowed in joy. He came from a low-income family, and his parents were unhealthy, too. Succeeding in his career as soon as possible was the only way out for his family.
"With that said," Terry added, his words making Toby uncertain, "there seems to be some assembly error. I believe it concerns the parts you chose."
His words reminded Toby of what Bonnie said. However, Terry continued, "You can optimize its pathing a little better. Consider using the AS-R mobile robot's dynamic obstacle avoidance. That should help with the optimization wonderfully."
'Huh?!' Toby whipped around and looked at Bonnie. 'She got everything right earlier! Wait a minute. Why didn't she participate in the competition if she was this good? She would've wiped the floor with everyone else!'
The competition lasted for another couple of hours before it ended.
###Chapter 469
Terry took the stage as the contestants looked at him, each sitting on the edge of their seats. He said, "I shall announce the winner of the Scientific Research Competition!"
Trina was so nervous that her nails dug into her palms. Even Toby balled his fists and stared at the professor unblinkingly.
"Congratulations, Toby Davis!"
Toby was on cloud nine while the others were disappointed. The former did his best to contain his excitement as he ascended the stage and accepted his certificate. On the other hand, Trina turned ashen as she fell into deep thought.
'It's over. My grand plot for revenge has ended before it could even start. I won't get another shot as easy as this one to make something of myself.'
The host passed a microphone to Toby, who asked, "If I may, Professor Terry, when can I start my internship in the research institute?"
"We must still prioritize your studies here, young man. So, you'll have to come in every weekend."
"All right, that's great!"
Toby thought deeply, 'Today's Wednesday so I can enter the place of my dreams three days from now. I'll finally meet Ms. Bonita, the pillar of the world of scientific research! I have to call my parents and tell them the good news.'
Trina left the venue, looking like a lost soul as she returned home.
"What are you doing home so soon, sweety? Did the competition end? Did you win?" Vera bombarded her daughter with questions.
However, Trina simply hung her head and gritted her teeth.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Are you pretending you lost to surprise us?"
Vera thought, 'Trina's a child every parent wished they had. She's intelligent, cunning, and gifted, especially in scientific research. A former professor of Pyralis University even supported her generously and showered her with approvals. I know she won the competition.'
However, the more she asked, the paler Trina became. Ultimately, Gresham sensed something was wrong and asked, "Did you lose?"
That was all it took to shatter his daughter's last shred of confidence. Tears streamed down Trina's cheeks a moment later, and her mother's face fell. Then, the latter slumped into the couch and muttered, "Trina lost. How can this be?
"I told all our relatives that you participated in the competition and would wipe the floor with everyone else. I can't believe you lost. What am I supposed to tell them now? How can I face them?!" The butler led a group of relatives to the living room as if on cue. They all congratulated Gresham and his family.
"Congratulations! You guys are so lucky to have a daughter as talented as Trina."
"I envy you guys! If only Fernanda were half as excellent as Trina, I would've considered myself the luckiest mother in the world."
Kaysen added, "Ysabel, Trina's about to work at Bonita Research Institute. You should stay here and sleep in her room tonight. That way, you can learn everything from her as best you can."
Everyone praised Gresham and his family, so nobody noticed how bleak Trina looked. A moment later, Harold and Yolanda approached to compliment Gresham and Vera generously. "You guys have taught Trina well. We're very proud of you. I want you two to look after the family company from now on."
Grant and Kaysen gnashed their teeth with anger.
'It looks like Gresham will continue to be the head of the family.'
###Chapter 470
'We can't do anything about it. After all, Trina will soon work at Bonita Research Institute. Since Gresham has someone as excellent as his daughter to support him, we can't pull him down from the family head position.'
Gresham and Vera exchanged glances, intending to tell the family the truth. However, the rest of the family kept complimenting them. The couple could not get a word in edge-wise.
That was when Fernanda shouted, "Ahh!"
Harold barked, "Why are you yelling? That's rude of you!"
"G-Grandpa, look at this!" she showed him her phone and said, "Trina didn't win the Scientific Research Competition. Toby did!"
"What?! Trina lost?! How is that possible?!"
"It's true! I'm not making it up. Check your phones, and you'll see."
Everyone took their phones and looked at Trina and her parents mockingly.
"How shameless can you guys be? Why would you lie to us?"
Kaysen said, "Damn straight! We kept complimenting Trina, and I told my daughter to learn from her. Should I let my daughter pick up on her shamelessness and lies?"
Ysabel added, "I know I'm not as capable as Trina, but I live an honest life. I'm always truthful and would never claim to be more competent than I am."
Trina blushed with humiliation.
"Hmph!" Harold scoffed. "Bonnie's destructive behavior must've rubbed off on you when she used to stay here. She loved making up stories and boasting about how great she was. Still, she's the miracle doctor.
"At least Bonnie has that going for her. What can you boast about, Trina? You're nothing but a slightly above-average student."
"Your grandpa is right, Trina. Bonnie grew up in the countryside and picked up bad habits from the country folks. However, you carry a genes of a bumpkin even though we raised you. You're no better than her!" Yolanda's words were far harsher than her husband's.
Trina did her best to suppress her feelings. She glanced at her parents, only to see them standing far away. She knew they feared getting dragged into her mess, but even so, she was not exactly heartbroken. She long knew that her parents only ever wanted to bring glory to themselves. That was why they always defended her even if she was not their biological daughter. Instead, she was the daughter they could brag about.
Although Bonnie might be their biological daughter, she kept doing things to humiliate herself and the family. That was why Gresham and Vera hated her so much and even disowned her. Even the whole family was raised on such values.
They would put their family members on pedestals when they were valuable but treat them like worms when they ceased to be beneficial.
Meanwhile, Bonnie was oblivious to what happened with the Shepards. Even if she knew about it, she would not have cared.
Avril held Bonnie's hands and headed toward the campus gate, saying, "Bonnie, you have to visit my place for dinner tonight. My mom misses you."
Before Bonnie could respond, she saw Toby standing in her way. She asked, "Is there something I can help you with?"
He frowned and said, "You're good. I'll give you that. I'm here to apologize for my earlier attitude."
"It didn't bother me at all."
"I don't get it. You're so good with scientific research. So, why didn't you participate in the competition?"
"I didn't have to. That's that."
His expression turned grim when he heard that.
###Chapter 471
"Judging by your tone, you sound like you're underestimating the competition," Toby remarked. "You're overthinking it. I just wanted other people to have the opportunity," Bonnie said truthfully. Toby asked solemnly, "What's the difference between that and underestimating the competition?"
Bonnie's brow knitted as she pondered her words. She said, "You'll see why I didn't participate once you visit the research institute."
"What are you trying to say?" he asked in puzzlement.
"You'll know when you come on the weekend." Bonnie did not want to argue anymore and looked at Avril, saying, "Come on, let's go to your place."
"Sure, let's go. Mom can't wait to see you."
Ivor caught up to them and said, "I'm coming with you guys."
Avril turned and blinked. "Y-You want to come to my place, too?"
"What's wrong? Am I not welcome?"
"N-No, not at all! After all, you're the CEO of the Knight Group. Of course, I'd love to have you as my guest." Avril sighed discreetly.
'I have a hunch that I won't live to see tomorrow if I told him he's not welcome.'
Ivor approached his car and was about to open the passenger door for Bonnie when his phone rang. After answering the call, his expression fell.
Bonnie noticed it and assumed something must have gone wrong. "What's wrong? Did something happen?"
Ivor replied solemnly, "Grandpa passed out. They sent him to the hospital."
"What?! Is Granpa Sigmund okay?!" Bonnie turned and told Avril, “I can't visit your place tonight. Please tell your mom I'm sorry."
"It's okay, Bonnie. Your grandpa should be your priority. Hurry to the hospital, okay? My mom will understand."
"All right, we should get going, Ivor."
Bonnie was distressed and anxious during the drive. When Ivor stopped at a red light, he placed his hand on hers and said, "Don't worry. Grandpa's a good man-I'm sure the universe will look after him. Everything will be okay."
Bonnie felt much calmer when she felt his palm on her fist. "You're right. He's done plenty of good, and the universe will protect him. He'll be okay."
Twenty minutes later, the couple rushed to Sigmund's ward. When they opened the door, they heard his booming voice, "Hahaha! Checkmate, loser! You lost!"
"I didn't lose shit! You think I didn't see it, but you changed the chess piece's position when I looked away earlier," Russell said, exasperated.
Bonnie entered, dumbfounded, as she said, "Y-You seem fine, Grandpa. Why?"
Russell asked, "What did you think would happen to him? He'll outlive us and make everyone's lives more miserable."
"You say that, but didn't he pass out?"
Although it was usually no big deal when people fainted, the same could not be said for older folks. Russell smirked and said, "Do you know why he passed out?" Sigmund blushed. "I don't need you to tell them, you blabbermouth."
"That's why I have to tell them. This old coot fainted because he got worked up over accidentally breaking his favorite clay teapot."
'That's all this is about?' Bonnie and Ivor exchanged glances.
###Chapter 472
"That's hilarious!" Russell laughed heartily. "You fainted over a clay teapot. I wonder how humiliated you'll be if this ever gets out." Sigmund retorted, "You know nothing! If you were a fellow collector, you would understand how much that teapot means to me!" Bonnie was even more confused now. "Is it something special, Grandpa?"
Sigmund sighed and said, "Master Yandel made it. Back then, only three of his handiworks remained. Now, I think mine's the only one left."
Bonnie finally understood the older man's reasons. "No wonder you cared about it so much."
"Do you know about clay teapots as well?" Ivor asked.
She nodded and said humbly, "Just a little bit."
He knew her well enough to decipher her subtext. It meant she was an expert in the area. She said, "Now that we're talking about it, I also owned one of his clay teapots."
As soon as Sigmund heard that, he got excited. "You have it?! Where is it now?"
"I gave it to someone else."
The older man's face fell. At that moment, something popped into Russell's head, and he said, "I heard there will be a charity auction at Achork tomorrow. I think one of the items up for bid is a clay teapot. That said, I'm unsure of its origins."
After leaving the hospital, Bonnie called Hamish, "I need you to go to a charity auction tomorrow and look out for a clay teapot."
"I was just about to call you, Bonnie. One of the older members of my family passed away recently. I have to return to my hometown tonight. I'm sorry, but you'll have to go to the auction yourself." "I'm sorry for your loss. Travel safe, okay?"
Before she hung up, Hamish said, "I almost forgot. You'll have to wear a mask at the auction tomorrow. It's the rules."
She responded, "Gotcha."
The following day, Bonnie wore a mask and arrived at the auction venue in Achork. Benedict also wore a mask and attended the event with her. He said, "Sis, I feel a little unnerved."
"I know you haven't been to an event of this scale, but there's nothing to be nervous about. You'll get used to it in no time," Bonnie tried to soothe her brother.
He asked, "Do you often attend these events?"
"You could say that."
Benedict could not help but wonder, 'Bonnie is just several years older than me, and we both grew up in the countryside. How has she seen and known so much about the world? She even knows all the prominent figures and attends many grand events.'
Suddenly, a black Maybach stopped at the entrance. Floyd opened the car door and said, "Mr. Ivor, we're here."
"Okay." Ivor closed his laptop and exited the car, asking, “Have you investigated thoroughly? Are you sure Master Yandel's clay teapot is up for bid tonight?”
"Certainly, Mr. Ivor. I've triple-confirmed that it's Master Yandel's handiwork. It'll be the last item tonight," Floyd replied confidently.
Ivor trusted him to handle it well. Otherwise, the latter would not have worked for Ivor for this long. Ivor said determinedly, "If that's the case, I'll buy the clay teapot, no matter how much it costs."
Bonnie sat in her private room and waited for the last item to go up for bidding. Meanwhile, her brother observed how the wealthy and powerful raised the bid throughout the auction.
He was shaken as he said, "B-Bonnie, they sold the jade earring for seventy grand! Th-they're not worth that price, are they?"
"That's just how it works here. Every bidder is the wealthiest person in Arvandor. Seventy grand is nothing to them.”
"Are you serious?!"
Bonnie gazed at him and said, “Ben, you're my younger brother. You don't need to feel inadequate. Take your outfit, for example. Hamish designed it himself, and it's easily worth eighty grand."
###Chapter 473
"Huh?!" Benedict almost bit his tongue from shock. He looked down at his outfit and felt like he was wearing a suit made of money instead of fabric.
Bonnie casually said, "You can bid on anything you like."
Then, one of Orson's paintings appeared onstage with a starting price of four million dollars. Benedict was stunned beyond words, thinking that it was just a painting. 'Just how expensive can it be?'
Bonnie saw his reaction and thought he liked it. She said, "Three million dollars!"
He gasped. "S-Sis?! Do you like that painting?"
She asked back, "I thought you liked it?"
His jaw dropped. Of course, he was moved, but he hastily explained, "N-Not really. I was just surprised that a painting could be worth that much."
"Oh, so that's what it was. I guess I'll stop bidding then. I don't even have to bid on it, either. I know Orson personally, so it wouldn't have been an issue to ask him to make a painting for me."
Benedict was astounded, thinking, 'I know Bonnie's incredible, but the more I learn about her, the less I think I know her.'
Harold and Yolanda heard Bonnie's bid from the auction floor. They glanced toward the private room, and Yolanda asked in exasperation, "Who was that? She's dumping loads of cash where it's unnecessary. Jeez, she could've bought something else to show off her wealth.
Why does she have to steal Master Orson's painting from us? Not only that, but she also raised the price too high. How are we supposed to bid on it now?"
"Lower your voice. The people here are the wealthiest and most influential in their respective cities. We, however, don't belong here. People like us only manage to enter through unconventional means. "That means people with private rooms are worlds above us regarding social status. There are a lot of ears here. If anyone catches us dissing someone we're not supposed to, we might drag our whole family down."
Yolanda shut her mouth and scanned her surroundings. Once she was sure no one had heard her, she sighed in relief and said, "You have a point. I should watch my mouth around here. Still, it's a shame we couldn't get Master Orson's painting."
Just the thought of it upset her. She continued, "It's all Bonnie's fault. Why else would she have torn Master Orson's painting during the party? I still can't believe she rejected us when we asked her to get another painting from him."
"I don't think we can pin everything on Bonnie."
"What about everything that has happened? I don't know how you can still defend that girl. Don't tell me you still consider her one of us."
"That's absurd. Bonnie has brought so much shame to us. I can't even consider her one of us. I hate the fact that our blood runs through her veins. The thought of it makes me want to bleed her out." The disdain in Harold's eyes was evident.
"So, why did you say we can't blame everything on her?"
As he looked at the painting on the stage, he explained, "I think we both know Bonnie can't even ask Master Orson to make a painting for her. She must've used dishonorable means to manipulate his granddaughter.
"Maybe that's why she couldn't do it more than once. Wouldn't she have asked Master Orson to make another painting if she could? Don't you think she would've used it to suck up to us and keep her place in the family?"
"You have a good point. Hold on, aren't you forgetting about something?"
"What do you mean?"
"You're forgetting that Bonnie is the miracle doctor."
He snorted disdainfully. "Miracle Doctor is but a flashy title. She's so young, and she's just a student. Could she have found the time and energy to study medicine?
"Becoming a successful medical practitioner takes a long time and abundant experience. As far as I'm concerned, she got lucky to earn that title. She must've accidentally treated a big shot." "Didn't she treat your condition as well, honey?"
"Like I said, it's just dumb luck. It was a coincidence that Bonnie knew how to heal me-that's all." He refused to believe Bonnie was so capable.
###Chapter 474
Harold said, "Let's stop talking about Bonnie. It'll just bring us bad luck. Master Orson will host an art exhibition soon anyway. We'll attend it together and butter him up. Then, he might be so delighted that he'll give us one of his paintings for free."
"You're right. We'll have to take the chance to butter him up real nice that day," Yolanda added.
"Achoo!" Bonnie sneezed.
"Are you okay, Sis? Did you catch a cold?" Benedict asked with concern.
"It's nothing. My nose was just itchy." Then, Bonnie looked at the last item for bid tonight, and her eyes sparkled.
After taking the stage and discussing the item for a lengthy time, the host said, "Now that I've said a lot about the clay teapot, you should all know how valuable it is. So, I'll stop talking your ears off and start the bidding."
Ivor gazed at the item as he sat in his private room, thinking, 'That's the same one Grandpa has. I'm sure of it.'
"Floyd, bid until we get it. Price isn't an issue."
"Understood, Mr. Ivor."
The host continued, "We won't sell this item as usual. Instead, we'll trade it off. If you can name an item the seller loves, they will trade this teapot for it."
When the bidders heard that, they clamored. One asked, "Is the seller looking for something specific?"
The host responded, "Anything will do. You can start naming your items. The seller will stop us if they're interested in something you've mentioned."
"I'll offer a lavender jade bracelet."
When one of the bidders made their offer, someone chastised him, "Are you seriously trading that for a priceless clay teapot? The seller will never trade with you unless they have a s*** loose." "If you have a better offer, then name it! Let's see what you have!"
"I'll offer a painting of Master Camren."
"Hahaha, his painting is way beneath Master Orson's works. I don't mean to offend anyone, but the teapot's worth will take your breath away. Not even ten pieces of Master Orson's paintings are worthy."
Harold wholeheartedly agreed with that sentiment. He muttered, "Master Orson's paintings are precious and worth collecting, but they're nothing compared to Master Yandel's clay teapot. I wonder who will get that item tonight."
Floyd asked his boss, "Should we make an offer, too?"
Ivor nodded, "Give him villa number twelve in Lenfield Resort."
"Understood," Floyd then shouted the offer, causing everyone, including Bonnie, to glance at Ivor's private room.
She muttered, "It looks like we have a tough opponent."
Benedict said worriedly, "What should we do, Sis?"
Bonnie smirked and waved at her brother confidently.
###Chapter 475
Benedict leaned in and listened to Bonnie. His eyes grew wider by the second.
She asked, "Got it?"
"Y-Yeah, I'll check on it now," he stammered. He then left the private room and shouted at the host onstage, "My mistress wants to make an offer but doesn't want to reveal it to everyone."
The host checked with the organizer privately. After receiving a confirmation, he gestured for Benedict to go to the stage. Everyone, including Ivor, was curious about the mysterious figure who had appeared seemingly out of nowhere.
'What in the world is she offering?! It must be something highly unusual.'
Benedict whispered to the host, "I heard the Hawkins from Olisgow are the organizers for this auction. The head of the family is well over eighty and haunted by a stubborn condition, right? My mistress says she can hire the miracle doctor to treat him for free for the rest of his life."
The host's eyes widened in surprise. He did not need to check with the organizer because he knew the Hawkins would agree. "All right, done!"
He turned and addressed the crowd, "The final item for tonight, Master Yadel's clay teapot, has been sold to the bidder in private room thirteen!"
Immediately after, the crowd discussed the situation, trying to guess who was in that private room. After all, the host looked like he had just heard the most outstanding deal in his life.
Ivor's brows furrowed as he fell silent. When he suddenly stood up, Floyd was confused. It was out of character for Ivor to admit defeat and leave. Floyd asked, "Are we leaving already, Mr. Ivor?" "We're going to private room thirteen," Ivor said as he intimidatingly marched toward the room next door.
Bonnie was leaving when she saw a masked Ivor at the door. She asked, "Can I help you?"
He looked inside and said, “May I have a word with you?"
She would have ignored him if it were anyone else. However, she felt a connection and found it difficult to reject him. She said, "Sure, come in."
Once they sat across from each other, Bonnie looked at him from head to toe. Simultaneously, he stared at the masked Bonnie. Evidently, she altered her voice, but he had an uncanny feeling that she was a young lady.
He thought it was weird that he found something very familiar with her.
Bonnie went straight to the point, "Please, speak your mind."
Ivor averted his gaze and looked at the clay teapot. "That item is everything to me. You can name whatever price or term, and I'll give it to you."
Bonnie knew what his purpose was when she saw him at the door. Still, she said, "I'm sorry, but it also means a lot to me. It isn't something money or properties can compare to. That's why I can't let you have it."
Ivor pursed his lips and asked, "Is there no room for negotiation?"
"I can tell you're determined to have it. I would've given it to you if I had bought it for myself. However, I bought it for an older member of my family. He's old and loves this teapot like no other.
"I'm not exaggerating when I say he might never be happy again if he doesn't have this teapot. He'll die knowing he has lost it."
With how she put it, Ivor knew he had no chance of getting the item. He rose and said, "I'm sorry to have disturbed you." "Wait a minute," Bonnie said, trying to make him stay.
"Is there anything else?"
She said smilingly, "Since you're already here, we might as well have some tea with this clay teapot before you leave."
He would have turned down her offer if it were another woman. Although he could not explain it, he found rejecting the young lady before him hard. After some thought, he said, "Sure, let's."
###Chapter 476
Floyd was surprised that his boss agreed to have tea with the young lady. After all, Ivor had never been particularly friendly with women other than Bonnie.
'Is it her appearance? But she's wearing a mask. Perhaps Mr. Ivor is trying to s*** her to get that teapot! Wait a minute. How can he do that without removing his mask?' Bonnie told Benedict, "Get us some hot water."
"Sure thing." A minute later, he returned with a kettle.
Bonnie took the kettle and poured the hot water into the teapot.
Ivor grew curious and asked, "Aren't you going to add tea leaves inside?"
She smiled and tried to play it off. "You'll see soon enough."
The mysterious woman had intrigued Ivor, but her actions piqued his curiosity even more.
Soon after, a sweet fragrance came from the teapot.
He asked, "Is that the smell of tea? But you didn't add any tea leaves."
Bonnie poured him a cup and explained, "This teapot has been passed down for generations, and its previous owners used it to make tea almost daily. Over time, the fragrance of tea leaves permeated every inch of its interior. I didn't have to add tea leaves to get the fragrance."
"I'm pleasantly surprised. You might look young, but you have extensive knowledge of this."
At that moment, Bonnie appeared in his mind. She was also young and had mastered many things.
Bonnie said humbly, "You're too kind. I only know a little about it, so it's nothing to brag about.” "Just a little, huh?"
Ivor mulled over that phrase, and it reminded him of Bonnie again. After all, he had asked if she knew about the clay teapot in the hospital yesterday, to which she replied similarly.
Ivor fell into a momentary trance and immediately wanted to see Bonnie.
'Although I only left her for a day, it feels like centuries for me. She has smitten me. I can't leave her side for the rest of my life now.' Soon after, he returned to his senses and looked at the masked Bonnie from head to toe. He said, "You remind me of a friend of mine." Bonnie's eyes sparkled. "The feeling's mutual. You remind me of my friend, too."
The more they looked at each other, the more they felt the familiarities.
Ivor insisted, "How about we exchange phone numbers? If you're willing to sell this teapot in the future, I'll have a chance to buy it."
She thought about it and pulled out her phone. "Alright. But my family member loves this teapot like no other. Since Master Yandel made it, it'll be harder for him to let it go. There are only three of Master Yandel's handiworks left in the world."
Bonnie avoided telling Ivor about Sigmund breaking one of them, so only two such items remained.
She added, "So, I don't think you can buy it soon."
"There's still hope, right?"
Bonnie raised her brow in response. She noticed his persistence and did not want to rain on his parade. She said, "Let's add each other on WhatsApp."
"Alright." He fiddled with his phone and pulled up his QR code. "There, you can scan it now."
###Chapter 477
Chapter 477
Bonnie was about to scan Ivor’s QR code when her phone rang. “Excuse me while I answer—”
Before she could finish, Ivor’s phone also rang.
Bonnie answered the call and said, “What? He fainted again?”
Ivor also received a call from the hospital. His grandfather had fallen unconscious again.
The duo said simultaneously, “All right, I’ll be there as soon as possible.”
They were a little surprised as they exchanged glances. Then, one said, “I have an emergency. I’ll be taking my leave now.”
“Likewise.”
The duo left Achork and returned to Pyralis. They reached the hospital at almost the same time.
Sigmund looked awful as he lay on the bed. She went over and checked his pulse immediately.
“Why did his condition worsen out of nowhere?”
Russell said, “Why else? It’s because of that freaking teapot.”
“I—I don’t need your help to explain my condition,” Sigmund said with some strain.
“Geez. Take a look at yourself. Save your breath and stop glaring at me already.”
“What on earth happened?” She asked again.
Russell explained, “My ward is next door, and I was very bored. So, I came over here to check on him. That’s when I saw him trying to piece the clay teapot back together.”
“He wasn’t having much luck with it and made it worse. He got himself worked up so much that he passed out again.”
Ivor’s face stiffened. He was blaming himself for not being able to secure the clay teapot at the auction.
‘If only I could purchase it. Then Grandpa would feel better.’
As Ivor thought this, Bonnie took out a gift box and showed it to Sigmund.
“Why don’t you see what’s in the box, Grandpa?”
Ivor’s eyes widened when he saw the clay teapot in the box. Then, he looked at Bonnie.
“That explains it. I finally know why the lady in the mask looked familiar.”
“Ah! T-This is Master Yandel’s clay teapot! It looks exactly the same as the one I’ve owned!”
Sigmund was all but recovered. He shot up from the bed and held the teapot with both hands. He was trembling with excitement and nearly cried with joy.
“Calm yourself down, Sigmund. You’re going to smash it again,” Russell said jokingly.N?velDrama.Org owns all ? content.
“Bah! You’re going to jinx it. If my baby’s smashed again, I’ll blame you!”
Bonnie smiled when she saw how much Sigmund cherished the teapot. ‘This makes it worth it.’
Ivor reached out and grabbed her arms. “Come with me.”
“What’s this about?”
“You’ll see after you come with me.”
“Okay.”
She was a little confused as she followed his footsteps. Just as both of them left the room, he pinned her to the wall.
“W-What has come over you, Ivor?”
“You lied to me.” He looked at her with pitiful eyes.
She did not have a clue what he was talking about. “I didn’t do anything at all. Why would I lie to you?”
“You did. You said you knew only a little about the clay teapot.”
What he said confused her even more. “I meant it. I only know a little when it comes to clay teapots. I don’t get it. Why are you asking me about this all of a sudden?”
###Chapter 478
Ivor got straight to the point. "The thing is, this lady used the clay teapot, which was passed down for several generations. So, all she had to do was pour some hot water in, and it'd easily make a cup of tea with rich flavor."
Bonnie's eyes widened as she stared at him.
"I-It's you!"
"Yeah, it's me. I admit I'm not surprised because I found you very familiar and approachable. It turns out that it was you all along."
His gaze grew more intense by the second. "You pleasantly surprise me over and over again. Hurry up and tell me about everything you're skilled at. I can't wait to learn everything about you."
"None of you believed me. I'm not skilled in that many areas. If anything, I'm only good in one area," she said, feeling a headache coming on.
"What area is that? Hurry up and tell me! Come on, Bonnie!"
"I don't feel like saying it now."
He looked at her with humor in his eyes. "So, that's what's happening. You said you're good in that one area on purpose. You're trying to keep me on the hook, you naughty girl."
At the next moment, he bit her lips.
"Ouch... What are you doing?"
He didn't bite down that hard, but there was a tingling sensation in her that turned her face red instantly.
"I'm punishing you. You've been naughty, after all." He admired the bite marks on her lips as he spoke.
Her lips were rosy and plump. He wished he could savor its taste again.
She shoved him away from her. "Are you a rabid dog? I can't believe you bit me!"
He touched his lips, reliving the moment when he bit her. She noticed it, and her face turned even redder.
"Get away from me!" She walked past him and left angrily.
Ivor watched her with a smile. He couldn't resist chuckling out loud.
Bonnie was still within earshot. When she heard his chuckles, she eagerly wanted to punch him.
'No, I know him too well. If I do that, he might take it as a sign that I love him. He's going to ask me to punch him a few more times to demonstrate how much I love him.' She held her forehead and thought, 'Forget it. I'm not going to get into a whole thing with that p***.'
It was the weekend. She went to her research institute and sorted through the recent information.
"The new guy's going to be here soon, Ms. Bonita. Do you want to meet him in person?" Professor Terry asked.
"Sure. Bring him to me when he arrives."
"Understood."
Toby was standing outside the research institute as his heart pounded with excitement.
'This is the place every researcher in Arvandor wants to be! I used to fantasize about this. If I get into the research institute, I'll have no regrets for the rest of my life! Toby clutched his left chest. His heart was pounding like crazy. Taking a deep breath, he headed toward the gate.
"I'll need to see the visitor pass," the security guard uttered.
"I-I'm the winner of the Scientific Research Competition in Pyralis University. I-I'm here..." He grew more nervous the more he talked.
Normally, he was calm and under control. However, he was still young. So, he wasn't that experienced and composed.
That was when Terry walked over.
"You're here at last. Come on, it's time to go inside. Ms. Bonita is waiting for you."
###Chapter 479
"D-Did you just say that Ms. Bonita is waiting for me?!" Toby stuttered again. This time, it was even worse than the last.
Terry thought to himself, 'I can't blame him, though. After all, this is Ms. Bonita we're talking about here! He must've been overjoyed!'
Toby felt a spring in his steps as he walked. He even felt a little light-headed. He still had not come back to his senses.
He followed Terry's lead and arrived at Bonnie's research lab. She was going through some documents and comparing reactions from different test tubes.
Worried that he might disturb her, Terry spoke softly. "The new guy's here, Ms. Bonita."
"Alright. Got it." Putting down the document, she turned around and walked over to them.
"I-It's you!"
Toby's composure was gone as he gaped at her.
'This is unbelievable! The great Bonita is a student at Pyralis University. If her identity went public, everyone at the university would be shocked, too.' She looked at him with a smile. "Do you understand why I answered you the way I did that day?"
"I'm sorry!" He said, "I shouldn't have talked to you that way."
She waved her hands. "I don't blame you for that. You only talked to me in that manner because you didn't know any better. Don't worry about it."
Her understanding and thoughtfulness gave him the impression that she was different. It made him respect her all the more for it.
"From here on out, you'll work as my assistant."
Terry was so jealous of the young man when he heard it. He held and squeezed Toby's shoulder.
"Good for you, young man! You've got some incredible luck! Your ancestors must be so proud of you now. I would swap bodies with you in a heartbeat if I could!"
'Judging by how hard the professor is squeezing my shoulder, I don't think he's just saying that to make me feel better. He's sincerely jealous of me!
'Well, I do realize how big this opportunity is. I was just a slightly talented student before today. Now, I'm the science prodigy's assistant. This is such an honorable chance!' The next day, Toby was surrounded by a group of fellow university students.
"Did you see Ms. Bonita, Toby? What does she look like? Is she hot?"
"Is that the biggest question you have? Come on. Ms. Bonita isn't a celebrity. What does that matter?"
"That's right. Ms. Bonita is talented and capable. She doesn't have to rely on her good looks to do her job."
Toby couldn't help but think to himself, 'Well, fellows. Bonita could rely on her good looks if she wanted to.'
"Hurry up and say something. Did you see Ms. Bonita? What was she like? How old is she?" One of the female students asked.
Then Bonnie spoke up behind her. "You're in my way, pal. Please let me through."
###Chapter 480
The female student looked at Bonnie impatiently. "Can't you see I'm talking to Toby? For crying out loud, I'm asking him about Ms. Bonita. Don't you want to hear what he has to say?" Another student chimed in. "Forget about it. Bonnie has zero talent. Why would she be interested in this? She might not even know who Ms. Bonita is."
"Really? Ms. Bonita is a world-renowned researcher. Bonnie is one of the students at Pyralis University. She has to know!"
"What's so surprising about that? You're forgetting something, guys. She's from the countryside. Who knows what backwater village she came from? It makes sense that she's never heard of Ms. Bonita." Bonnie was getting sick and tired of it. "You were in my way, and I politely asked you to let me through. Do you have to turn everyone on me? Are we enemies? Or, is it because you're an unreasonable brat?" "You're the unreasonable one! Even your parents are ashamed of you!" The female student waved her fists as if she were about to fight Bonnie.
Then she heard Toby's voice from behind her. "Excuse me."
The female student could ignore Bonnie any time of the day, but she was not going to rebel against Toby. So, she stepped aside obediently.
He walked over to Bonnie and said respectfully, "It's about time for lunch. I'd like to grab a bite with you. Do you have the time?" Everyone was rooted to the spot.
The elusive, handsome guy asked Bonnie out. Moreover, he spoke so warmly toward her. What on earth was happening here?
Bonnie nodded and responded, "Sure. Let's have lunch together."
Then, they walked side by side and headed to the cafeteria.
Everyone started muttering again when they watched the duo walk further away.
"Do you think they're a couple?"
"That's not possible! Toby is one of the most handsome guys on our campus. Moreover, he's cold and distant. As far as I know, he focused all his attention on his studies. He had never given a thought to the girls who flirted with him.
"Rumor has it that he's not interested in girls. Why would someone like him fall in love with Bonnie?"
"What's so strange about it? You're forgetting something, guys. Bonnie has dethroned Selina and is proudly wearing the title of the most beautiful lady on campus.
"You might not like how arrogant she is and resent her background, but the fact is that she's going to be massively successful if she enters the entertainment industry. She's just that gorgeous." That was a sound argument!
"So, are you telling me that they're an item now? Oh, my! This is a big scoop! I have to report this on the campus newspaper."
Just as she pulled out her phone, another handsome guy showed up next to Bonnie.
It was the other attractive guy at Pyralis University, Coleman.
His eyes were filled with affection when he looked at her. "Where are you headed to, Bonnie?"
"Toby said he's buying me lunch," she responded truthfully.
Coleman knew Toby had won the Scientific Research Competition. Naturally, that meant Toby had seen Ms. Bonita.
"Mind if I join?"
She shrugged. "I'm not the one who's paying. Ask him."
Toby responded casually, "Suit yourself."
The three of them walked toward the cafeteria.
Someone gulped out loud. "Oh, my heavens. What did I just see? The most beautiful girl is walking between the two most handsome guys on campus."
"I don't think that's the biggest takeaway here. Didn't you hear their conversation? Coleman wanted to join them for lunch, but Bonnie said to ask Toby. It was up to Toby if Coleman could join in, and he said yes.
"Is Bonnie going to have both of them for herself?"
###Chapter 481
As soon as Selina arrived, she overheard this. "What are you talking about?! Coleman and Bonnie are just old acquaintances."
"So they knew each other long ago. Oh, I remember now. Selina had a piano competition with Bonnie and was miserably defeated. Coleman left with Bonnie then."
"So you mean Bonnie and Coleman are childhood sweethearts. That makes Toby the newcomer."
"That's an interesting way to put it! But who knows if Bonnie will ultimately choose Coleman or Toby?"
"Let's make a bet then to guess who she ends up with?"
"That sounds fun and exciting, but we should add another option."
"What option?"
"That they all end up together."
"Haha, that's possible."
The discussion was heated and lively, with everyone having a good time. Selina glared in Bonnie's direction as she stood aside, feeling so furious she could spit fire.
'I may not be as skilled in piano as you, Bonnie, but that doesn't mean I can't get back at you. Just wait. I'll make sure to send you to hell, never to return. Coleman belongs to me, and me alone.'
The affair involving Bonnie, Coleman, and Toby became widely known in less than a day.
Ivor also received the news. He was sat at the dining table, staring at Bonnie with a deeply resentful gaze.
Bonnie planned to ignore him, but the intensity of his gaze made her uncomfortable.
Hence, she met his eyes after putting down her fork. "How can you be so jealous?"
"Can you blame me for this? I wasn't planning to be jealous, but look at the comments on the campus forum. They've even started betting on who you'll end up with." Ivor pushed his phone toward Bonnie as he spoke.
Bonnie couldn't be bothered to look, so she pushed the phone away.
"What others say has nothing to do with me. Can I stop them from saying things? Coleman and Toby are both my friends. If I can't even have a meal with my friends without worrying about what others will say, wouldn't I live a tiresome life?"
"Anyway, I'm not happy, no matter what you say. I won't be able to have dinner tonight unless you kiss me."
Bonnie couldn't help but laugh. Ivor was sulking like a child. "You're an aloof CEO. Aren't you afraid of being laughed at if this gets out?"
Ivor replied, "If I can't even do this with my fiancee without worrying about what others will say, wouldn't I live a tiresome life?"
"I can't be bothered with you. Whether you eat or not, it's up to you." Bonnie picked up her fork again and continued eating.
One minute passed, and the man continued to stare at her.
Five minutes passed, and he remained as steady as a mountain, staring at her.
Ten minutes passed, and Bonnie seriously suspected the man had become a boulder.
Bonnie admitted she was defeated and compromised a little in the end.
"Kissing you is impossible. Give me another option."
###Chapter 482
Ivor's lips curled up slightly as he pointed to the dishes on the table, "You can feed me."
The corner of her mouth twitched, then she buried her head and resumed eating.
Just as Ivor was feeling disappointed, Bonnie suddenly stuffed a forkful of spinach into his mouth.
It was the food he hated most, and she did it on purpose.
Bonnie smirked and asked, "Weren't you asking me to feed you? Well, I just did, but now you don't want to eat. Are you disgusted because you think my fork is dirty?" Ivor started chewing the food.
"Mmm, it's delicious since it was fed by my honey herself."
Bonnie inhaled deeply. She was truly at a loss with this man.
After dinner, she received a call from Jim.
"I just got a call from my family. My dad got into a car accident and is hospitalized. I need to go back for a while."
Bonnie became nervous upon hearing this. She asked, "How is the situation? Do you need me to help?"
"No need to trouble you. The situation isn't particularly serious."
"Don't be so courteous with me. You have to notify me if the situation gets worse."
"Okay." Jim said, "But my hometown is too far from here. It may take a week to come back."
"You don't need to rush back. Just stay with your family."
"But SR League received a message a few days ago that someone would assassinate you. Although there hasn't been any activity, I'm afraid it's the calm before the storm." Bonnie smiled indifferently. "We'll cross the bridge when we come to it. Besides, there are other people to assist me, right?"
"I've arranged for Keenan to protect you. He'll be able to take over in a few days."
"Okay, you arrange it then."
Bonnie knew Jim wouldn't be able to relax and return to his hometown if she didn't let him arrange it.
Just as the call ended, another call came in.
"Bonwick, has anyone been bothering you lately?" asked Orpheus.
Bonnie was slightly stunned. "Why are you suddenly asking this?"
Orpheus didn't know her identity as "Ms. Bonita," nor did he know about the assassination attempt on her. This question preplexed her.
"Oh! Tsk-" Orpheus clicked his tongue.
His demeanor piqued Bonnie's curiosity even more.
"If you have something to say, just say it."
"Okay," Orpheus sighed. "It's my ex-girlfriend. She wants to reconcile with me."
This topic piqued Bonnie's interest even more. "And?"
"It's just that our scandal back then caused quite a stir. Although I clarified that you're my nephew's fiancee, my ex-girlfriend insists that we're having an affair. I warned her not to bother you, but she threatened to settle scores with you!"
###Chapter 483
Bonnie was at a loss for words.
"So, are you trying to stir up trouble for me?"
"How could that be? Oh, wait. It seems like I am trying to stir up trouble." Orpheus realized belatedly.
"Since you've broken up, why does she care about your current girlfriend?"
"Because I was the one who initiated the breakup. I told her that her temper was too awful. Despite that, she refused to break up.
"I had to pull out my big move and tell her she wasn't worthy of me, so she was furious. She wanted to see what kind of person is worthy of me. That's why she's targeting you now." Bonnie finally understood.
"Bonwick, I'm not joking with you. She's not simple. Several men in her family were leaders in the military, and she inherited her grandfather's temperament. She's ruthless and even a bit sinister. You must be careful to avoid falling into her trap," Orpheus said solemnly.
"Okay, I got it. You don't have to worry. She'll be the one who suffers if she tried anything." Bonnie couldn't help but tease, "Will you feel sorry for her if I do something to her?"
"As if!"
Bonnie ended the call with a laugh and headed to bed.
The next day, as soon as the sky brightened, Bonnie was awakened by a knock on the door.
"Who is it so early in the morning?"
Bonnie opened the door in confusion and asked, "Avril? Why are you up so early?"
"It's for you!"
"For me? What happened?"
"Something huge!" Avril took a deep breath and continued, "Bonnie, you must not go out today!"
"What happened exactly?"
Avril pulled up Twitter on her phone. "Here, see for yourself!"
Bonnie took the phone in confusion. After seeing the content, she was slightly surprised.
Sienna McLeod, the queen of the music industry, was spreading on Twitter that Orpheus belonged to her and no one could take him away. She was the ex-girlfriend he spoke of. She also posted recent photos of herself, Ivor, and Orpheus at the bar.
Sienna tagged Orpheus with the caption, "You claim she's your nephew's fiancee, but do you think I'd fall for that? I know your nephew well. He's never interested in women, and everyone says he's gay. If you're going to lie, at least come up with something better."
As soon as this tweet was posted, internet users went crazy in the comments section, particularly Orpheus's followers.
"I was woken up early in the morning by this news. This is too juicy! The man in the photo is Orpheus's nephew, and although his face is obscured, he looks pretty handsome. I didn't expect him to be gay! How exciting!"
"Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing? The point is that the trashy expelled heiress is trying to s*** Orpheus!"
"She's shameless! She tempted Orpheus!"
"I see that Bonnie forced Orpheus to issue the clarification announcement."
"Are you suggesting that Bonnie knows Orpheus's weakness, so she used it to blackmail him into issuing such a clarification?"
###Chapter 484
"This is just despicable! How shameless! People like her shouldn't even exist in this world!" "Agreed!"
Almost all the comments online were filled with curses towards her.
Avril snatched the phone from her hand as Bonnie was about to continue scrolling down.
"I shouldn't have made you feel bad by telling you about this. Bonnie, don't overthink it. Let the PR department of your research institute handle this. If it doesn't work, just reveal your identity as Ms. Bonita. Let's see if they dare say anything then."
Bonnie remained calm and said lightly, "There's no need to go that far. Besides, I don't care about this matter at all."
"Are you saying you're not going to deal with this? You're just going to let it continue to escalate?"
"It's not that I'm too lazy to deal with it, but I've heard many of these remarks since I was young and no longer find them offensive. Even if I win the argument with these idiots, I will only end up dirtying myself." Bonnie stretched lazily and added, "I don't have class this morning, so I'll sleep a bit more before going to campus."
Seeing Bonnie lie back on the bed as if nothing had happened, Avril couldn't resist admiring her. Avril's parents often said Bonnie's composure was unmatched among her peers, and even the elders admired it If something like this happened to Avril, she would probably have high blood pressure from the rage and be desperately fighting back.
But what Bonnie said was right. Getting angry and losing sleep over these idiots did not seem worthwhile.
Avril felt even more admiration for Bonnie as she glanced at her again.
Bonnie went to class in the afternoon. There were discussions and whispers around her as she made her way to the lecture hall. "She still has the nerve to come to campus after doing such disgusting things. If it were me, I would've stayed home."
"Yeah, look at her, acting as if nothing happened. Her mental toughness is high."
"The mental toughness of shameless people has always been high."
"That makes sense. Speaking of which, I don't understand why the school doesn't expel Bonnie."
Upon hearing this, Avril wanted to shout at them. 'Expel her? Have you ever seen a university president expelling themselves?'
"Bonnie..." Avril turned around and saw Bonnie engrossed in a difficult book.
Bonnie's composure reminded Avril of Tibetan monks, who sat still on elevated platforms during meditation.
The classmates continued their discussion.
"Why don't we petition the school to expel Bonnie? Let's tell them that she's a bad influence and a corrupt character."
"Let it go. I have a friend on the editorial board. He saw Bonnie intentionally bump into Toby Davis on the day of the Scientific Research Competition.
"Then he took a photo and posted it on the campus website, saying that she tried to s*** Toby with her looks. Guess what happened?"
"What?"
###Chapter 485
Chapter 485
"My friend got blocked as soon as he posted it on the campus website, and then the dean called him in. They said it was a despicable act to accuse Bonnie of s*** Toby without evidence. They made him write a ten-thousand-word essay reflecting on his actions."
"What? A ten-thousand-word essay? T-This is too crazy! Did he write it?"
"If he hadn't, he would've been expelled."
"Is it that serious? From what you're saying, the school is protecting Bonnie."
"That's unlikely. Even if Bonnie had good grades and was a top student, the school wouldn't shield such a petty individual. It's probably because Bonnie attends our school, and they will only punish her if there's enough evidence. After all, it's a matter of the school's reputation."
"That makes sense. So even if we collectively petition the school's higher-ups, it won't be effective unless we have solid evidence that Bonnie s*** or threatened Orpheus, right?"
"That's probably the case, but you don't need to worry. The wheels of justice grind slowly but surely. Bonnie's mischief will catch up with her sooner or later. Let's wait and see."
"Exactly!"
Hearing that, Avril suddenly stood up.
Bonnie reached out and pulled Avril down. "They're right. The wheels of justice grind slowly but surely. Those who cause trouble may be arrogant for a while, but they'll eventually get their comeuppance."
"Ahh!" Avril grabbed her hair in frustration. "Let's go. I'll treat you to something to eat. We'll feast outside and forget about all these unpleasant things."
"Sure," Bonnie smiled.
They dined until 9 p.m. Both of them had some drinks, and their faces were slightly flushed.
"Avril, do you want me to escort you home?"
"No, I’m fine. I can see the way. By the way, why isn’t Jim nearby?" Avril looked around curiously.
"He went back to his hometown," Bonnie replied.
"What about your husband?"
Bonnie glanced at her speechlessly. "He isn’t my husband yet."
"Oh, very soon, then." Avril joked, "Seriously though, why didn’t he come today?"
"He’s on a business trip to the neighboring city. He probably won’t be back until tomorrow afternoon."
"I see. I wondered why it was so quiet when we had dinner today. Normally, your phone buzzes nonstop whenever you have dinner with someone, whether a man or a woman."
"Alright, stop teasing me. Go home quickly." After waving her hand toward the road and hailing a cab for Avril, Bonnie jogged back instead of catching one herself."
She received a call from Jim while jogging.
"I've arrived home."
"That's good. How's Mr. Ray?"
"Just as I said before, nothing serious. I’ll be back in a few days."
Jim’s voice became serious as he said, "I just got word from William that the person who previously posted tasks in the SR League has now gone to other leagues to post tasks."
"The SR League can’t act, but the other leagues don't know your identity. Even if they do, they may be blinded by money."
Bonnie frowned slightly. "Why didn’t William mention this earlier?"
"Perhaps he was afraid of worrying you."
"Okay," Bonnie nodded. Just then, she suddenly turned her head and shouted.
###Chapter 486
"Who's there?!"
Bonnie heard faint movements behind her just now.
She had picked a lonely running route in an attempt to find peace. However, it was evident that several footsteps were behind her roughly 20 to 30.
Jim instantly became nervous and asked, "What's happening? Is it the assassin?!"
If he had known that this would happen as soon as he left, he would not have returned to his hometown.
"I don't know. Someone is hiding. I'll hang up first to avoid distractions," Bonnie said, then she hung up the phone.
Jim was anxious. Keenan, who he had carefully selected, would take a couple days to get to Bonnie. It seemed that Jim had to call him.
Jim didn't dare to waste another second and immediately dialed the phone.
Bonnie stared intensely at the bushes and yelled, "Why are you hiding like this?"
No one answered her.
Bonnie narrowed her eyes. "If you don't come out now, I'll leave."
This time, they all came out of hiding.
Bonnie was surprised that none of these people's faces were disguised, and the leader was stunningly beautiful.
'Why does this woman look so familiar? I've seen her somewhere before.'
The woman was dressed in a formidable outfit and looked at Bonnie with a cold expression, her chin slightly raised.
"Are you Bonnie?"
"Who are you people?"
Bonnie's intuition told her that these were not the assassins Jim mentioned. Assassins would not show their faces so openly, nor would they waste time with so much talking.
"How dare you ask that? Don't you know who I am? Stop pretending." The woman's voice was full of anger.
Bonnie chuckled. "I admit, you're not bad-looking, but not to the extent that everyone knows you. I don't know you."
"Watch it—" The woman paused and took a deep breath. "Fine, I see! That's how you managed to deceive Orpheus. Not everyone possesses the same level of guile and deception."
"Oh. You're Sienna, Orpheus's ex-girlfriend. You made a big deal online to get me to leave him alone. But let me tell you right now, Orpheus and I aren't a couple. We're just friends, so you better leave now with your people."
"Haha! Do you think you can just dismiss me like that? Are you looking down on my intelligence?"
Bonnie looked at Sienna contemptuously, "Honestly, I do look down on your intelligence now."
Sienna narrowed her eyes and said, "No one dares speak to me like this. You have guts. Of course, I'm not admiring your courage. I just pity you because you're about to pay a painful price for those words." Sienna raised her hand toward the people behind her.
###Chapter 487
"Force her to kneel in front of me." Sienna commanded.
"Yes." Two men approached Bonnie and reached for her shoulders.
Bonnie's eyes blazed with sharp coldness as she grabbed both of their wrists. With a forceful twist downward, the sound of bones breaking echoed through the air. "Ahh!" The two men erupted into screams akin to slaughtered pigs.
But that wasn't all. Bonnie swiftly kicked at their kneecaps.
Again, two more cracking sounds. The legs of the two men were broken, leaving them kneeling on the ground.
'This was what happens if you dare to make me kneel!'
Bonnie met Sienna's eyes with a neutral expression.
"I heard you come from a military background. Judging by your physique, you must have been practicing combat since childhood. Are you willing to fight me?"
"Hmph! Useless!" Sienna said angrily at the two kneeling bodyguards. She then took off her coat and revealed her arms and legs, which were more muscular than the average woman's.
"I did underestimate your strength, but your skills are nothing but child's play. They might work against those weaklings, but not against me. If you dare to challenge me, be prepared to be crippled!"
Sienna clenched her fists and charged forward. Bonnie gave her a single shove that sent her stumbling back several paces.
"I didn't expect you to know boxing, but even so, you're still no match for me!"
Sienna turned her fists into claws and aimed for Bonnie's face. It was obvious she intended to disfigure Bonnie's face.
Bonnie's expression turned colder. She advanced, meeting Sienna's fierce attack head-on. She blocked Sienna's wrist with her left hand, then quickly twisted it downward.
At the same time, she used her right palm to strike fiercely at Sienna's neck.
'Uh oh.' Sienna felt a strong sense of danger and struggled with all her might to break free.
Just when she thought she had escaped, Bonnie's hand once again wrapped around her right wrist. No matter how she struggled, she couldn't shake off Bonnie's grip.
She felt like a marionette, being manipulated by Bonnie's twists and turns.
The subordinates saw that Sienna was unable to fight back, no matter how much Bonnie toyed with her.
This shocked them to the core.
For many years, the McLeod family was involved in the military and produced a number of well-known generals. The descendants of the McLeod family, regardless of gender, were all subjected to rigorous training since childhood.
Furthermore, every member of the McLeod family possessed combat proficiency.
Despite being a woman, Sienna was the most formidable of her generation. And yet, she was totally outmatched against Bonnie in a fight.
'Just how skilled is this Bonnie? Who exactly is she?'
"Ahh!" Sienna continued to scream wildly. She had never experienced such humiliation in her life.
###Chapter 488
Sienna noticed a strong smell of alcohol emanating from Bonnie's body. Looking at Bonnie's complexion, it was clear she was somewhat drunk.
Sienna was even more infuriated, knowing that her opponent was drunk and that Sienna was still not a match for her.
"Let go of me! I told you to let go!"
Bonnie smirked and laughed. "Who said you're not like those useless guys? It seems you're even worse than your subordinates."
"How dare you insult me?!" Sienna's face turned purple with anger.
Bonnie teased, "You're inferior in skill, so I've insulted you. Do you have any other comments?"
"Y-You..." Sienna couldn't complete a full sentence in her rage.
"If you want me to let go, you can ask nicely. But you must kneel and beg."
She was never one to suffer insults quietly, and her principle had always been, 'Don't offend me, and I won't offend you.' Bonnie would never forget how Sienna directed her bodyguards to force her to kneel.
"Dream on!" Sienna roared in frustration.
Bonnie narrowed her eyes, and in the next moment, she abruptly dislocated Sienna's arm.
"Ahh!" With an agonized cry, Sienna's arm was hanging limp at her side.
"Will you kneel?" Bonnie pressed down on Sienna from a position of dominance.
Gasping for breath, Sienna turned her head and shouted, "You're all dead! Hurry up and attack! I'll make my grandfather s*** all your team positions!"
Hearing this, her subordinates didn't dare to hesitate any longer and immediately took action.
Bonnie looked unfazed as she watched approximately 20 people charge toward her. Instead, she appeared excited.
Yes, Jim protected her recently. She rarely had the opportunity to demonstrate her skills as she did now.
With the alcohol fueling her, Bonnie charged forward.
"You don't value your life!" Sienna mocked.
However, after five minutes passed, Sienna's mouth widened in disbelief. She had not expected a young girl like Bonnie to stand up to multiple attackers.
"All of you, attack her with all you've got! Even if she's formidable, she's just one person. Eventually, she's going to run out of energy! That's when your chance will come!" Bonnie burst into laughter upon hearing this.
"Judging from your fighting skills, you must all be in the military. Yet you're willing to act like thugs and attack innocent civilians. If this matter gets out, won't you lose your jobs?"
Sienna's subordinates hesitated. They did not want to deal with a young girl, especially with two or three dozen grown men attacking at once. As she said, what would become of their reputations if this matter got out? Their jobs would surely be in jeopardy.
Sensing their hesitation, Sienna shouted, "What are you afraid of? We're the only ones here. As long as you shut her up, who would ever find out?"
Bonnie's sharp gaze swept around, frightening those about to charge forward.
"Listen up, Sienna. Just because your grandfather was a former general does not give you the right to treat others like dirt. Your grandfather, Leo McLeod, was a legendary figure on the battlefield. Do you know the consequences if he knew what you were doing?"
After such a fierce battle, Bonnie's stamina was significantly depleted. Otherwise, she would not be talking to delay.
"Did Orpheus tell you about my grandfather? It seems you're quite special to him. But what can you do? You're just a small fry with no chance of meeting my grandfather. Even if you did, I'd deny everything. Who do you think my grandfather would believe? You or me?"
###Chapter 489
Sienna didn't hide her arrogance. She regarded Bonnie as an ant and herself as the apex predator. Bonnie pursed her lips lightly and confidently said, "Of course, your grandfather would believe in me!"
"Hahaha!" Sienna laughed, then abruptly said in a cold voice, "Attack, disfigure her face. You have 10 minutes. If you can't do it, then pack up and leave!"
This statement shocked her subordinates, and they looked at Bonnie like hunters preparing to capture prey.
One of them yelled, "Let's fight to the death!"
"Alright!"
Bonnie noticed their morale had skyrocketed, and even detected a murderous intent emanating from them.
She became more vigilant, keeping her eyes and ears peeled in all directions.
"Charge!"
Sienna's subordinates surged forward.
Bonnie applied every fighting technique she had learned. She demonstrated mastery in all disciplines and left everyone, including Sienna, astonished.
As she watched her subordinates fight valiantly but fail to defeat Bonnie, Sienna's anxiety began to rise.
Although this location was remote, that did not mean no one passed by. With all of the commotion, they might attract the attention of the police and miss out on this rare opportunity.
Sienna's eyes lit up with a sinister smile as she pulled out a special bottle from her bag.
Then she pushed past her subordinates and sprayed the bottle's contents on Bonnie's face.
Despite being on guard, Bonnie was unable to withstand the onslaught from all sides. She did not evade in time and was sprayed in the face. Her eyes burned with pain, and she could not see clearly. She instantly guessed that what Sienna sprayed was pepper spray.
"Sienna, your actions are a disgrace to the honorable reputation of the McLeod family. It is one thing for so many people to attack me, but to launch a sneak attack... with pepper spray no less!" Bonnie's voice was full of mockery.
Her subordinates were all trained to the highest military standards. They were all ashamed of Sienna's actions and lowered their heads.
"Enough nonsense. Are you just trying to delay time?" Sienna didn't feel embarrassed about her actions at all. She ordered her subordinates again, "What are you all standing around for? Attack!"
No matter how she shouted, those subordinates remained motionless. Sienna knew it was because of what Bonnie said.
"Useless! You're all useless! Then I'll do it myself!"
Sienna pulled out a dagger from her boot and brought it toward Bonnie's face.
Bonnie could not see clearly and had to rely on her ears to determine the source of the sound. She narrowly evaded Sienna's rapid attacks.
"Damn it, damn it, damn it!" Sienna attacked dozens of times in a row without hitting once, driving herself to the brink of madness.
"I refuse to believe I can't hit you!"
Just then, Bonnie tripped over something with her heel and lost her balance.
A perfect opportunity! Sienna swung the dagger at Bonnie's face without hesitation.
###Chapter 490
Bonnie quickly retreated and raised her arm to block her face.
Her sleeve was torn, and a shallow cut was made on her arm.
Sienna's anger rose as she looked at Bonnie's cut, which appeared so tiny that a cat's claw might have caused it.
She had used all her strength and force, but only managed to scratch Bonnie's arm.
Bonnie's anger had reached a boiling point, although she knew her injury wasn't that bad by the smell of the blood.
"You've provoked me," Bonnie said icily.
"Haha! How amusing. You are still so arrogant. It seems I was too gentle with that stab."
Sienna raised the knife and brought it toward Bonnie's face again.
Bonnie didn't dodge. She caught Sienna's wrist and snatched the dagger from her. Bonnie twisted Sienna's wrist and, using only her blurry vision, brought the dagger close to Sienna's face. Sienna nearly passed out as she paled with fear.
Just as the sharp knife was about to cut her face, a hand suddenly slapped Bonnie's hand.
Bonnie was so exhausted that she couldn't maintain her balance with this sudden attack. She fell back into a solid chest.
She knew he had arrived.
"Why did you come? Didn't you go to the neighboring city?"
"Don't talk for now. Let me check your body."
Ivor pursed his thin lips, his face frigid. He looked like he had just crawled out of hell.
After seeing the wound on Bonnie's arm, he felt extremely anxious. "You're injured!"
"It's nothing serious, just a little scratch."
"Just a little scratch? Look, you're bleeding!"
"Uh... Yes! It's quite serious. Hurry up and take me to the hospital, or the wound won't heal."
"Do you still have the mood to joke?" Ivor knew Bonnie didn't want him to worry.
Bonnie was a bit amused. "I'm telling the truth, and I feel like the cut has already healed."
"You never know how to take care of yourself. Do you know how much it hurts me to see you like this? Even if a single hair of yours is harmed, it hurts me terribly! If you don't care about yourself, can you at least consider me? How can I live without you?"
Ivor gazed affectionately at the girl in his arms. While looking at her pale face, he felt distressed.
Bonnie didn't know how many times this man touched her. She couldn't see Ivor's expression, but she could guess from his affectionate tone.
On the other end, the middle-aged man who had just slapped Bonnie's hand looked at Sienna with concern.
"Is your arm broken?"
"Uncle Steve! She's the one who broke it! You have to avenge me!" Sienna shouted furiously.
Steve McLeod looked fiercely at Bonnie and yelled, "How dare you touch someone from the McLeod family?! You're asking for death!"
###Chapter 491
Ivor swiftly pulled Bonnie behind him.
"Let's see who dares touch my woman!"
Steve stopped abruptly and shifted his gaze between Bonnie and Ivor.
"Uncle Steve, he's lying to you! Bonnie is not his girlfriend at all. He's just saying that to help Orpheus!"
Despite her words, Sienna was genuinely surprised. Ivor went to such lengths to assist Orpheus, publicly declaring Bonnie his woman and holding her in his arms. Steve felt relieved by Sienna's words.
"Mr. Ivor, this matter has nothing to do with you. Bonnie injured my niece, and this grudge must be settled."
Ivor narrowed his deep, unfathomable eyes and spoke coldly, "As I said, she's my woman. Let's see who dares to touch her."
"In that case, don't blame me for being rude. How can the McLeod family remain strong in the military if this issue spreads? People will think they can bully us!"
Bonnie laughed and replied, "Clearly, the McLeod family picked a fight with me and brought so many people to bully just one person. It's bad enough to gang up on someone, but to use pepper spray when you can't win?
"You've turned me, the victim, into a villain. How can you lead soldiers to defend the country? You'll only tarnish the country's image. I have one word for you embarrassing!"
Steve clenched his fists in anger. He said, "What a slick-mouthed girl! Watch how I tear your mouth apart today!"
"Floyd," Ivor called out lightly.
The next moment, Floyd led all the elite bodyguards of the Knight family over.
Steve knew he was outnumbered and stopped in his tracks.
"Fine! This matter isn't over. We'll settle the score when we get home!" Steve then turned and left with Sienna.
"Hold on." Ivor's expression was even colder and more brutal than before. "You're just going to leave after hurting my woman?"
Steve's anger surged after glancing at Bonnie's arm injury. "What kind of injury is that? It's just a shallow cut, and the blood has already dried. But have you seen my niece? Her arm is broken! I'll settle scores with you later."
"What's your niece compared to Bonnie? Even if she died, it's not worth a single hair of my woman!" Ivor's voice was intimidating.
Even Steve, who had been fighting on the battlefield for years, felt hesitant to meet his gaze.
"My niece is a precious angelic girl, while Bonnie is just worthless!"
Suddenly, a surge of hostility emanated from Ivor.
"If that's the case, let's not wait to settle this later. Let's settle it now."
He glanced at Floyd and said, "Attack them, especially Steve and Sienna. Turn their faces into pig heads!"
"How dare you?" Steve squeezed out the words between his teeth.
Floyd and the others surrounded them with fists raised. Without a word, they began to strike.
Steve took a lot of punches as he was overpowered by attacks coming from all directions.
###Chapter 492
"You servants dare lay a hand on me?! You're asking for death!" Steve roared in anger.
Floyd and the others were not afraid because they knew that Bonnie was their boss's life. No! She was even more critical than their boss's life. They continued to hit without hesitation. "Ah-Uncle Steve! Help, help! Don't hit my face!" With her face swollen and bruised, Sienna cried out in pain.
Just hearing these continuous cries of agony, Bonnie knew how brutal the scene was.
"The McLeod family is old friends with the Knight family. Is this necessary?"
Ivor's arm was around Bonnie's waist, supporting her gently so as not to cause more pain.
"If Grandpa knew that the McLeod family was bullying you, I believe he would support me." Ivor paused and asked, "Are you sympathizing with them?"
Bonnie chuckled. "Do you think I'm such a sympathetic person?"
"Yes, you are. In my eyes, you are delicate and helpless, like a flower swaying in the wind," Ivor said seriously.
This comment almost made Floyd forget how to hit people.
'What a joke! Boss, didn't you see Sienna's dislocated arm? Or her thugs that Bonnie beat up? They have broken ribs and noses. And Bonnie was almost evenly matched, despite her impaired vision. This is downright wild, isn't it?'.
Bonnie's face flushed as she gazed at Ivor with her lips slightly parted. She was usually described as a tough girl. His description of her as a helpless girl made her speechless.
"Just take me home. I have some medicine and want to clean my eyes first."
As time passed, Bonnie's eyes became more and more uncomfortable.
"I think I'll take you to the hospital instead," Ivor said anxiously. "There's a hospital up ahead. It's only a five-minute drive."
"Okay, let's go to the hospital then."
Bonnie was soon taken into the examination room.
Ivor waited anxiously at the door when Jim called.
"What's the situation? Wait, why are you answering the phone? Where's Bonnie? Why isn't she answering the phone?" His tone became increasingly urgent with each sentence.
Ivor narrowed his dark, ocean-like eyes and said, "She's getting checked at the hospital."
"The hospital?!!" Jim's voice rose to its peak. "What happened to her? Is she injured? How serious is her injury? Where is she injured? Why aren't you saying anything!"
Ivor's dark gaze intensified. "I'm curious. You shouldn't be this concerned about her, even if she saved your life before, right? Or is there some special secret between you two that makes you care so much about her?"
'Oh no!' Jim inwardly cursed. 'I was too nervous just now, too emotional.'
###Chapter 493
Now that he had calmed down and analyzed it carefully, he realized that Ivor wouldn't be speaking so calmly if Bonnie's injuries were severe. And he even had the presence of mind to ponder the unusual relationship between Jim and Bonnie.
"You don't need to tell me. Because I trust Bonnie, and I believe she will tell me one day." Ivor's words relieved Jim.
"So, how is she?"
"A dagger has cut her arm, but as for other issues, I'll tell you once the results are out."
"Other issues?" Jim's voice rose again.
Ivor held the phone away as his eardrums ached.
At that moment, the door to the examination room opened.
"Bonnie's coming out. We'll talk later." With that, he hung up the phone.
As soon as Ivor saw Bonnie's figure, he immediately approached her.
"Are your eyes feeling better?"
"The doctor said it's not serious, but I need to rest for about a week before my vision fully recovers."
"A week? That serious?" Ivor felt his heart drop.
Then Sigmund called him.
"I heard that wretched McLeod girl ambushed Bonnie. How is she now? It's nothing serious, right?"
"She's got a little injury on her arm."
"What?!" Sigmund asked loudly, "Is it bleeding?"
"Yeah."
"How dare they provoke my granddaughter-in-law?! They're asking for trouble!" Sigmund's
fingers trembled with anger. "I'm et
calling your dad and all your uncles right now. I'll have them bring their families to the McLeod home. They must give us an explanation today!" 
Ivor had initially intended to travel there alone, but Bonnie needed someone to look after her, given her current state. Moreover, his
grandfather had personally
intervened. With Sigmund's
domineering personality, theovel.net
McLeod family would face consequences today. 
Before the call could be completed, Jim's call came in urgently.
"What's Bonnie's situation exactly?"
Ivor didn't beat around the bush and replied, "Her eyes were sprayed with a stronger version of pepper spray. It'll take about a week for her vision to fully recover."
"A week to recover her vision? That serious!" Jim punched a nearby tree out of sheer rage.
'Bonnie is the backbone of the
country's scientific research! Her eyes can't afford even the slightest mishap! Today, the McLeod family must be held accountable for what they did to the country!' 
Jim immediately called the relevant departments in the country. "Hello, Ms. Bonita has been attacked and temporarily blinded..."
The person who received the call was deathly terrified. "Who? Who dares to attack Ms. Bonita?"
"It's the McLeod family."
Sienna returned home with her arm freshly bandaged, grumbling the whole way.
"Damn Bonnie! What did she do to make Orpheus so infatuated? To the extent that Orpheus had to ask Ivor for help."
###Chapter 494
Steve's face turned purple with anger. He had never suffered such humiliation in his life.
The head of the family, Leo, threw the cup in his hand at Steve.
Due to his injuries, Steve was unable to avoid the cup in time, and it hit him.
"How did I raise such a useless son? I entrusted you to protect your niece, but you got yourself into trouble instead. You've disgraced our family!" Leo roared, growing angrier the more he looked at Steve. Steve felt wronged. "Dad, it's not entirely my fault. You don't know the situation. Ivor brought dozens of elite bodyguards, especially Floyd. They swarmed me mercilessly, and I couldn't match them. I was completely overwhelmed!"
"Damn, that brat from the Knight family! He's disrespecting our family! Come with me to the Knight Villa. We'll demand an explanation!"
Just then, the butler rushed in frantically.
"Mr. Leo, people from the Knight family are here."
"Hmph! Thankfully, not every member of the Knight family is as ignorant as that brat, Ivor. They're probably here to apologize for what happened." Leo felt somewhat relieved. Steve and Sienna thought the same.
"Grandpa, they beat up Uncle Steve so badly. We can't let this slide. Regardless of Ivor's status, we need Bonnie to apologize to me publicly. Otherwise, I won't swallow this humiliation!" "Don't worry, you're my granddaughter. I won't let anyone trample over you," Leo assured her.
While they conversed, Sigmund ushered in about a dozen Knight family members.
Leo and the others were taken aback. Was the Knight family's sincerity this intense? Almost everyone had come along.
However, the absence of Ivor and Bonnie made the McLeods feel uneasy.
"Sigmund, why aren't Ivor and Bonnie here?"
"Hmph!" Sigmund b*** his cane loudly on the floor. "You have the nerve to mention Bonnie! You allowed your granddaughter to bring military personnel to attack Bonnie and even used pepper
I've never seen such
vnox
her.
shamelessness!" 
Sienna's face turned purple from anger, and Leo turned sharply to look at her.
"Sienna! What's going on? Didn't you say Bonnie wanted to take Orpheus for herself, so she attacked you with a group of people? And what's the deal with the pepper spray?!" "Grandpa! Don't believe him. He's just protecting Bonnie. I swear, I didn't lie to you. Bonnie attacked me first!" Sienna cried with a pitiful expression.
Leo didn't quite believe Sienna's words. "Are you suggesting that, at his age, Sigmund is lying?"
"No, of course not. Mr. Sigmund is highly respected. Why would he lie? Bonnie must have twisted the truth when she complained to him, making it appear as if I was at fault first." 
FindNovel.net
SW
The more Sienna spoke, the more aggrieved she seemed. She even started to believe in her performance and was convinced that Bonnie was the cause of all this trouble. "Grandpa, if you don't believe me, you can ask Uncle Steve. He was there. If you ask him, you'll know the truth."
As she said this, Sienna cast a subtle glance at Steve.
Because Steve couldn't have
children, he had always treated
Sienna as his precious daughter. He
would always find a way to fulfill
Sienna's desires, no matter how big
or small. 
FindNovel.net
"Dad, Sienna didn't lie to you. Bonnie had already dislocated Sienna's arm when I got there. And if I hadn't arrived in time, Bonnie's dagger would have cut Sienna's face."
###Chapter 495
After hearing consistent testimony from his son and beloved granddaughter, Leo no longer doubted her and faced Sigmund sternly.
"Leo, you heard that, right? You've been deceived, too. Enough with the idle talk. Just hand over Bonnie. Don't worry, for the sake of your son Orpheus, I'll spare her life."
Sigmund slammed his cane down heavily.
"You want to take Bonnie? Over my dead body!"
His words shocked everyone present.
Leo and the others never expected that Sigmund would protect Bonnie like this. 'Isn't Bonnie Orpheus's girlfriend? Furthermore, Orpheus had yet to announce his relationship with Bonnie officially. 'Even if she's his son's girlfriend, did he need to protect her like this?'
The members of the Knight family standing behind Sigmund also had strange expressions, exchanging glances with each other.
"What's going on with Dad? Why is he protecting Bonnie like this? Won't this completely sever ties with the McLeod family?" Sydney asked softly, voicing what everyone wanted to know.
"I don't understand. What kind of spell did Bonnie cast on Grandpa?" Halle's words carried a hint of bitterness.
At that moment, Flynn stepped forward and stood by Sigmund's side.
"Grandpa, I support you! This can't be Bonnie's fault! It's the McLeod family's problem. It's Sienna's fault!"
"Wow," Sydney and Gunnar both gasped in shock.
'Is this brave child our son?'
They had never seen Flynn like this before. Previously, this unruly son of theirs spent his days idly, never resolving any issues and leaving them to clean up after him. 
Now, he seemed to have matured.
'Wasn't this change in him due to the incident with Bonnie's brother? So, was his change because of Bonnie?'
Sigmund nodded approvingly at
Flynn.
has taught you the importance
Well said. It seems Bonnie et
being a better person." S
"Yeah!" Flynn's eyes sparkled with admiration when he mentioned Bonnie. "Without Bonnie, there
wouldn't be me today. With her.
god-like presence, how could
1.net
she
possibly be bothered by a clown like Sienna?" 
"Who are you calling a clown?!" Sienna fumed with rage.
"I'm talking about whoever fits the description," Flynn retorted.
"You" Sienna was about to say something else when Leo interrupted.
"Sienna, there's no need to argue with a hoodlum. It's beneath your dignity."
"Yes," Sienna said with a smug sneer as she lifted her chin and gave Flynn the cold shoulder.
Flynn was instantly enraged.
"Enough." Sigmund also spoke up to stop them. "I'll handle this matter."
###Chapter 496
"Alright, Grandpa,"
Sigmund said firmly, "Hand Sienna over to me. I'll make her kneel before Bonnie and slap herself a thousand times. With each slap, she must say, 'I was wrong and deserve to be punished."" Leo's eyes nearly popped out in rage at hearing this.
"Old man, how dare you humiliate my granddaughter like this?! You used to be reasonable. It's clear that Bonnie was wrong in this matter, yet you're protecting her and humiliating Sienna. This is intolerable!" "You're unwilling? Fine, listen up. The Knight family will cut off all ties with the McLeods!"
"What? Y-You're willing to ruin the relationship between our families for an outsider? You're taking things too far!"
Leo couldn't believe that Sigmund would say such words.
"Not only that, our two families will be enemies from now on. We won't rest until your granddaughter publicly apologizes to Bonnie!"
Leo was stunned, and so were the members of the McLeod family present.
Roy McLeod, Leo's brother, stepped out of the crowd.
"Leo, please calm down. Don't make such a big deal of this matter involving the younger generation. As I see it, there's no evidence to determine who's right or wrong. Both sides of the younger generation have their own stories, but no concrete evidence."
"Yeah, what Roy said makes sense," Theo, their other brother, chimed in.
"We should calm down and investigate the truth ourselves. Once we find out, the one who's wrong should apologize. How about that?"
Leo wore an ugly expression.
Naturally, he believed in his
granddaughter, but there was no evidence. Besides, their two families had been close for generations. It would be absurd if they made big fuss over a matter between youths. 
a
"They're right, Sigmund. This was just a minor quarrel. There's no need to make it so serious. Why don't we each investigate and find evidence—" Sigmund abruptly cut off Leo's words.
"No need for evidence! This matter is entirely Sienna's fault! Bonnie is my granddaughter-in-law. I know what kind of person she is. Sienna may be a talented woman in your eyes, but she's nothing compared to Bonnie! 
"Why would Bonnie actively seek trouble from your granddaughter? She doesn't have the time for that!"
The McLeod family was furious, especially Sienna. She would argue with Sigmund, if not for his status. He dared to describe Sienna as nothing compared to Bonnie!
Leo felt out of breath. He did not expect Sigmund to say such things.
'Wait a minute!' Leo's face went blank as he realized something. "What did you just say? Granddaughter-in-law? Bonnie?"
This question also stunned Sienna.
"That's right, Bonnie is the fiancee I arranged for Ivor! So, do you still think she stole your granddaughter's boyfriend?"
Leo looked at Sienna again. "What's going on?"
He didn't think Sigmund would joke about such things, so Bonnie must be Ivor's fiancée. Then how could Bonnie be jealous of Orpheus and secretly plot against his granddaughter?
Sienna suddenly realized something.
"I now know why a rural woman like Bonnie knows Orpheus. It's because of her relationship with Ivor. Bonnie must've thought that since Ivo
wasn't interested in her, she
s*** Orpheus instead."
belongs to FindNovel.net
Content
###Chapter 497
Listening to Sienna's analysis, Leo felt it made sense.
"Alright, alright!" Sigmund was tired of their nonsense. "It seems that this matter won't be resolved today. Let's go! We'll announce the severance of ties with the McLeod family!" Although Leo knew that severing ties would harm both families, he couldn't bear to see his granddaughter being wronged.
Buzz! Buzz!
The sound of a vibrating phone filled the air. Upon seeing it was a superior's call, Leo's face instantly became respectful. He picked up the call.
"Hello?"
"Leo! How dare you allow your granddaughter to commit such a heinous crime?!"
Leo listened anxiously. "W-What happened?"
Seeing Leo's reaction, Sienna was filled with doubt. Her grandfather was a retired general, so what kind of call could elicit such an expression?
After seeing Leo answer the phone, Sigmund decided to stay and watch the show.
"What happened? Your granddaughter is audacious enough to mobilize troops and attack Ms. Bonita secretly!"
"What?!" Leo exclaimed, jumping up from his chair in shock. His hands trembled as he hung up the phone.
'Ms. Bonita? B-Bonnie?! Oh no! Is that why her name sounded familiar? Three years ago, before I retired, I had the honor of protecting Ms. Bonita once. Could it be...?'
As Leo considered this, he glanced at Sigmund, who exuded confidence and confirmed his thoughts.
He glared at Sienna aggressively, terrifying her.
"Sienna, how dare you lie to me?!"
"It's not true, Grandpa, I didn't-"
"You still dare to argue! Who allowed you to mobilize troops? Speak! Who?!"
Leo's questioning became increasingly severe, and Sienna looked toward Steve.
Knowing he couldn't escape, Steve stepped forward. "Dad, this isn't Sienna's fault, it's—"
"Is it you? You bastard! How could
have a son like you? Sienna is still young
and doesn't know any bet
But you're over 50, yet you're joining
her in this nonsense!" Content
belongs to FindNovel.net S
"This matter is indeed partly my fault for indulging Sienna. I'm willing to accept punishment."
"Punishment? Do you think this
matter is just about secretly
.net
mobilizing troops? Do you know who that brat Sienna was going to deal with?! I want to kick you to death!" 
Leo kicked Steve to the ground.
'That was Ms. Bonita! She is Arvandor's most prominent scientist and an important person for our
troops to protect,' Leo thought to et
Ovelhet
himself. As a former general,
couldn't control my son and
granddaughter, and they teamed up
to attack Ms. Bonita.' Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
Sienna was terrified. She had never seen her grandfather so furious at home. She could hear the loud crack of Steve's ribs breaking with that kick.
'Why is Grandpa acting like this? Also, who's Bonnie? Isn't she just an insignificant girl from the countryside?'
After lecturing Steve, Leo looked at Sienna. "You must apologize to Bonnie immediately! You must kneel before her until she's satisfied!"
###Chapter 498
Sienna widened her eyes in disbelief. "Grandpa! What are you saying? Do you want me to apologize to Bonnie? No! I'd rather go to jail!"
"Fine!" Leo gritted his teeth. He ordered, "Someone, take her to the police station to confess all her crimes. Given the severity of her offenses, she should spend at least 20 years in prison. After she's released, she'll be immediately expelled from the family!"
"What?" Everyone present who was unaware of the situation was stunned.
"Grandpa, a-are you serious?" Sienna's face paled with shock.
Ignoring Sienna, Leo continued to command his subordinates. "What are you all standing around for? Execute my orders immediately! Any delay, and you'll all be expelled from the family!"
"Yes." The subordinates dared not disobey and swiftly approached Sienna.
"Miss, forgive us."
"No, no, stay away!" She screamed.
Sienna used to be able to command the household, but now she felt helpless as she was restrained and dragged away.
Steve and the others quickly pleaded for her.
"Dad, Sienna is your granddaughter!"
"Anyone who pleads for her will be treated as an accomplice and expelled from the family."
Leo's words silenced everyone.
"No, I don't want to go to jail! Grandpa, I know I was wrong. I'll listen to you. I'll go and apologize to Bonnie!"
Although Sienna said so, she was seething with hatred.
Bonnie's eyesight was not very good, so she decided to go to the Knight family's home with Ivor. Shortly after lying down, she heard a commotion downstairs.
"What's happening?" Bonnie asked in confusion.
"Sienna is here to apologize," Ivor replied.
"Oh."
"Don't worry about it. You're badly injured, so just rest."
B*** b*** b***!
As he knocked on the door, Flynn shouted from outside, "Bonnie, hurry down! Sienna is going to kneel and apologize to you. Her grandfather has said that she must kneeDuntil you're satisfied. 
"If she refuses, they'll take her to the police
lation, and she'll spend 20et
years in prison. After she's released, she'll be expelled from the family." Initially reluctant to get involved,
Bonnie reconsidered. Considering et contributions to the count het
Leo's upright character and his
she had
to show some respect to him. 
"Alright, I'll come out now."
Ivor frowned. "You just changed and got into bed, and now you want to get up."
"It's okay. I'm not in pain."
Bonnie was indeed fine. She was just a little tired. She didn't mind getting up, so she asked Ivor to get her clothes from the wardrobe.
Seeing Bonnie's determination, Ivor didn't try to stop her. Walking toward the wardrobe, he suddenly remembered something and looked back at Bonnie. "Do you want me to get your bra too?"
Although Bonnie couldn't see, she could guess where Ivor's gaze was directed.
It was precisely as Bonnie guessed. Ivor's gaze was fixed on her impressive figure.
This figure made Ivor incredibly proud that she was his woman. Even without a padded bra, she looked great.
"Of course, are you trying to see me go braless?"
"No, you can only be seen like this by me."
###Chapter 499
Bonnie pursed her lips. She wouldn't have let Ivor fetch her bra if it weren't for her current inconvenience.
"Just get it for me, and don't make any l*** moves," Ivor heard Bonnie say as he picked up the bra.
"I'm not that vulgar. I could enjoy it with you on our wedding night. But since you said that, are you reminding me to do it?"
Unable to bear it any longer, Bonnie said, "Give it to me, then leave."
"I'll leave, but how will you put it on? Or should I help you? Don't worry, you can't see. Out of sight, out of mind, right?" Ivor chuckled as he approached the bed. Bonnie took a deep breath and clenched her fist.
"I left the clothes here. I'm leaving now," Ivor said, immediately turning around and leaving.
Hearing the sound of the door closing, Bonnie changed her clothes. After she finished, she went out.
As soon as she pushed open the door, a large palm grabbed her hand, and another hand held her waist. Then, a pleasant, low voice sounded in her ear.
"Don't refuse. You can't see clearly and have difficulty walking. If you resist, I'll carry you downstairs like a princess."
Bonnie knew the man wasn't joking. If she resisted, he would be happy to carry her downstairs in front of everyone.
"Fine, let's go downstairs," Bonnie said.
Ivor's lips curled up, and he took the opportunity to draw her closer to his chest.
This guy was the kind who could take advantage of any opportunity to escalate things. Ultimately, Bonnie remained silent and let Ivor help her down the steps.
Watching Bonnie and Ivor's intimate behavior, Sienna was convinced that they were just putting on an act.
She had always thought so, especially after receiving a call from Orpheus, who was filming elsewhere.
He said that if anything happened to Bonnie, he would make her pay with her life!
She felt uneasy since she had never
seen
-pus act with such r
Why would Orpheus care so
for Bonnie if he didn't like
Leo walked past Sienna and bowed his head in front of Bonnie.
"I'm sorry! Truly sorry! It's unforgivable!"
"Grandpa?!"
"Dad?"
"Mr. Leo!"
All the McLeod family members were shocked, except for Leo's younger brothers, Roy and Theo.
Roy and Theo were perplexed while
in the McLeod house. Even if their family was at fault, did their elder brother have to punish Sienna so severely? 
Now, they finally understood. It turned out that Sienna targeted the national treasure they were protecting-Bonnie! 'Damn it! This is unforgivable!' Thinking of this, Roy and Theo also stepped forward and hung their heads, like Leo.
"Sienna has committed a heinous
el
et
crime. You can punish her however you want. Even if you want to execute her on the spot, we will have no complaints!" 
Sienna looked at Roy and Theo in disbelief.
Ivor looked away from Leo and the others, his wise and narrowed eyes falling on Bonnie.
###Chapter 500
The girl's face remained expressionless, revealing no joy or anger.
The three elders of the McLeod family were all influential figures in the military. They were hanging their heads before a young lady named Bonnie. The scene shocked everyone present who was unaware of the truth.
Sydney and the others whispered to each other.
"Why does this feel so strange?"
"I feel the same way."
Bonnie gave them the impression that she was in a position of authority.
However, they were well aware of Bonnie's background. She was just a girl who came from the countryside. Her only notable accomplishment was getting this year's top grades on the college entrance exam. But such an accomplishment should mean nothing to the three elders of the McLeod family!
Bonnie sat down and spoke, her gaze unfocused. "You don't need to blame yourselves. This has nothing to do with you. The one at fault is Sienna."
"But that's also because of our lack of " Leo abruptly stopped speaking when he noticed Bonnie's eyes.
"Y-Your eyes. Were they damaged by that fool?!"
Bonnie didn't speak, which was equivalent to confirmation.
"Ahh!" Leo roared before turning around and slapping Sienna fiercely.
Sienna fell to the ground after being hit. Her face was swelling visibly.
"You despicable girl! You scum!" Leo yelled as he kicked Sienna.
If Sienna weren't his granddaughter, he would have beaten her to death.
Nobody in the McLeod family could make up for Bonnie's loss of vision, not even with their own lives.
"Help! Please stop hitting me! Grandpa! I know I was wrong. I'll apologize to her right now! Grandpa-"
No matter how Sienna begged for mercy, Leo didn't stop.
Steve wanted to protect her, but Roy and Theo seemed determined to punish Sienna.
He had never seen his father and uncles like this before. If he guessed correctly, Bonnie's identity was not as simple as it seemed. "Enough," Bonnie said, and Leo's actions immediately stopped.
"I'll make her apologize to you right away."
"An apology is necessary, but not to me."
Bonnie's words puzzled Leo. "Then to whom?"
"Where are those troops she brought with her?" Bonnie asked.
Leo thought Bonnie wanted to discipline them together. "I've had them all dismissed and detained."
"Bring them here."
"Okay."
Before long, all those who had attacked Bonnie under Sienna's command were brought in.
Bonnie's expression was severe. "As
a member of the prestigious military family, Sienna privately mobilized military personnel to deal with
ordinary civilians. She even
threatened them with variouel.net"
punitive measures to force them into action. 
"So Sienna doesn't need to
to me. Instead, she
apologize to them. Each of them
should receive a hundred apologies."
After hearing this, those
subordinates were moved to tears,
feeling deeply remorseful and
repentant. They had laid hands on
such a righteous person! They felt genuinely despicable. Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
Leo admired Bonnie from the bottom of his heart. Even though she was the victim, she still thought of others and showed empathy.
"Start apologizing," Bonnie said to Sienna.
###Chapter 501
Sienna was beaten to a pulp. She hated Bonnie and wished to rip her to pieces, but considering the former's current situation, she could only yield and apologize to Bonnie.
Sienna got to her knees and bowed, apologizing repeatedly. Meanwhile, Sydney tugged at Gunnar's sleeve and leaned closer, whispering, "Honey, I think Bonnie's an upstanding girl." "You're right. I also see why Dad insists on setting her up with Ivor."
Flynn was within earshot and heard everything they said. He added, "Bonnie's more than upstanding, Mom. You'll see how badass Grandpa is when you learn about her real identity. Ivor has won the lottery."
The couple gazed at him, and one said, "Judging by your tone, you must be hiding something from us. Did you learn some valuable information or something? Is that why you're suddenly treating her so well?" "You're right. I know something but can't tell you guys."
"You think you're tough now? You even learned to keep secrets from us. It looks like you're itching for a beating!" Gunnar yanked at Flynn's ear and dragged him outside.
"Ow! That hurts! You'll rip my ear off! Let go of me!"
"Tell us, now!"
He looked at his father helplessly. "I can't say anything about it, Dad."
"A good beating, it is, then!" Gunnar twisted his son's ear.
"Ouch! You're going to rip my ear off! Let go! I told you I can't say anything about it. Not even Ivor knows, Dad. Grandpa also told me not to spill the beans unless Bonnie's okay with it. Otherwise, he'll break my legs and chop off my manhood!"
Gunnar could only let his son go. "Are you sure you can't say anything?"
"Absolutely!"
"All right, then. We'll know about it eventually. It's just a matter of time."
Sienna returned to her hotel and smashed everything in her room, shocking her agent, Adele. "Calm down, Sienna. Your grandpa did what he did to preserve your family's honor. I'm sure he has his reasons for defending Bonnie."
"I know that! It's just that Grandpa and the others shouldn't have treated me so harshly. Bonnie is just an insignificant commoner. Even if the plan is exposed, she couldn't
have done anything to us. After all,
we're the McLeods!" Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
"I don't think that's true. After all, your family carries Arvandor's reputation on their shoulders. If the commoners learn that you guys mobilized the troops and assaulted an innocent citizen, the implications might be far worse.
"You're much smarter than me, Sienna. I'll leave it to you to determine how much worse it could've gotten."
Sienna began to calm down once
she listened to Adele's analysis. The
net
former said, "That explains why Grandpa sided with Bonnie. The Blackburns support her, but that's only because of Orpheus. There was no need to blow the whole thing out of proportion in the first place." 
"That's right. That's why you were so enraged that you couldn't assess it calmly. Like I said, you're much smarter and more experienced than me. Albyou have to do is stay calm. Then, you would've seen the inner workings of the whole thing." 
Sienne loved listening to Adele because the latter always knew what to say.
"You're right. I shouldn't get my panties in a bunch. I'm not going to let this slide, either. Still, I can't bulldoze my through it. I can't afford to mobilize such a big troop to handle this. It'll just expose me." "That's true. Hey, I have an idea. I can guarantee your grandpa and the others can't intervene this time."
"What's that? Hurry up and tell me!"
Adele smiled menacingly. "Since you're from the entertainment industry, why don't you use the tricks you learned and turn your fans on her?
"Use them to turn public opinion against Bonnie. That'll ruin her reputation and make her the pathetic, despicable wretch everyone loves to hate. It'll slam her to hell, and she can't return from that."
###Chapter 502
"That's an excellent idea!" Sienna was impressed with Adele's plan. "Let's do as you said. I'll make a tweet now."
"Wait a minute, Sienna. If you do that today, it'll be like announcing your intention to mess Bonnie up. What'll your grandpa do to you then?"
Sienna was relieved that she had not jumped the gun. "It's a good thing I have someone as smart as you around."
"I'm not smart or anything. You're just blinded by hatred." Adele once again complimented Sienna's intelligence in a roundabout way this time. The former continued, "Stay low for a few days and cancel all your gigs. Make your fans curious about your sudden silence.
"Then, wait until the whole thing festers before publishing a picture of yourself looking pitiful. I'll hire internet trolls and tell them to turn your fans against Bonnie. That way, you won't need to say or do anything. "It'll look like the fans started it all. That means your grandpa won't have a reason to punish you, don't you think?"
"Fantastic! Let's ....
###Chapter 503
"She's right, Keenan. They're vying for you. Come and sit with me. Don't worry. I have no interest in men at all."
When this particular girl said that, the entire lecture hall fell silent. Everyone, including the boys, looked at her strangely and judged her inwardly. Although the girl was thick-skinned, the students' glares irritated her.
Ultimately, she raised a book and hid behind it.
As the pin-drop silence hung over the hall, Keenan left the podium and sat beside Bonnie. That simple action upset everyone.
"Why would he even sit there?"
"That's what I want to know!"
Suddenly, Avril said, "That's because Bonnie is gorgeous!"
The girls disliked how she phrased it, but it was true. Nonetheless, Bonnie turned to look at him and asked, "Reporting for duty?"
Keenan bolted upright and yelled, "Yes, m'lady! I'll keep you safe! Nothing will happen to you as long as I'm around!"
Everyone was shocked as they gawked at the duo. Even Bonnie was dumbfounded by his sudden reaction.
'I just greeted him out of courtesy. Why'd he have to react like that?'
The school counselor took a while to recover from her daze. Afterward, she said, "Take a seat, Keenan."
However, Keenan gazed at Bonnie as if he had not heard the counselor's words. The former was the best combatant in the task force, young and massively talented. He was also a rebellious soul. Keenan would not answer to anyone except Jim and a handful of people. Several days ago, Jim called him and told him to protect someone. Keenan rejected the request vehemently because he was uninterested in protecting some fat cat.
However, when Jim told Keenan to protect Bonita, the latter quickly packed his things and rushed from the borders to Pyralis.
"Ahem!" Bonnie cleared her throat and said, "Um, Keenan, take a seat."
"Yes, ma'am!" He sat at once.
The counselor and the students were dumbfounded yet again. They could not process what they had just witnessed and thought the new exchange student was acting like Bonnie's sidekick.
As the students walked to the cafeteria during lunch break, Avril could not hold it anymore and asked, "Bonnie, who is that guy? Why'd he obey you so strictly?"
Bonnie knew Avril would ask such a
et
thing, but the former had no intentions of making up a story. Bonnie answered, "Jim needed return to his hometown to deal with something. You should know about that. He sent Keenan to protect me in his stead for the time being." 
"So, that's what happened!" Avril nodded in understanding and looked at Keenan.
His fair skin made him look like an innocent and helpless bunny. Meanwhile, his five-foot-one stature made it easy for people to regard him as a naive little boy.
Avril leaned toward Bonnie and whispered, "He looks like he can't handle himself in a fight. Are you sure he can keep you safe?"
"Don't let him hear what you just
said. Jim told me about his history. First, don't be fooled by his innocent and obedient facade. He was a typical troublemaker in the task force and always picked fights with people to hone his skills. Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
"Jim was the only person who could subdue him and command his respect. Secondly, Keenan used to lead a squad on survival training in a rainforest. They didn't take rations or water with them but survived for three months.
"The other squads retreated from
the rainforest much earlier than his squad. Most were hurt pretty badly, too. Keenan was the only one who was still pumped and raring to go. It's almost as if he feels at home in the rainforest," Bonnie explained leisurely. 
That shocked Avril. "I wouldn't have believed this story if someone else told me about it."
###Chapter 504
Avril and Bonnie were about to take their seats and have lunch when Toby and Coleman approached with their food trays.
Three handsome college students, each charming in their own way, sat around Bonnie. All the girls lost their appetites when they saw the group sitting together.
"I just don't get it. I know Bonnie's beautiful, but that's all there is. She has a nasty character while Coleman and the others don't seem to be the superficial type."
"I agree. Bonnie must've used wicked means and tricked them."
One of the guys said meekly, "If Coleman and the others aren't superficial, maybe Bonnie isn't as nasty as the rumors say."
The girls around the guy attacked him, "Are you defending her because you're mesmerized by her good looks?"
"That has to be it. All men are the same. You guys can never see what's beneath someone's looks."
"Do you think Coleman and Toby are as superficial as you? Bonnie's just cunning with her tricks and whatnot. Just wait and see, someone will expose her for the real b*** she is. Then, she'll become a public enemy."
The guy stayed quiet, thinking, 'I just voiced my opinion. Also, I formed my assumption based on logic. That shouldn't warrant a verbal attack like that.'
Once classes ended, Keenan followed Bonnie back to Lenfield Resort. The first thing she saw when she entered her house was Ivor in an apron making dinner. She said curiously, "I recall Floyd telling me you'd be busy with work today."
He smiled at her and said, "You got that wrong. I'm not that busy today."
His smile turned eerie when he gazed at the person behind Bonnie. Hence, she turned and looked at Keenan.
'Oh, I think I see what's going on here.'
"Who's that?" Ivor had eyes in the university and was informed about this Keenan character. That was why he finished his work quickly and had the time to go to Bonnie's place. 
Bonnie said, "If I know you well, you would've sent someone to investigate his background thoroughly."
"Honey, you do know me better than anyone." vor approached Bonnie and sat close to her. When he leaned on her, he felt a sharp and cautious glance. 
FindNovel.net
At that moment, Keenan kept his guard up and stared at Ivor. The former feared Ivor might hurt Bonnie, and he could not afford to take any chances.
Meanwhile, Ivor's eyes filled with
coldness as he thought, 'I'm the man
of this house. I've shown this punk enough mercy by not kicking him out can't believe he's overstepping and acting so arrogantly.' 
"Stop calling me honey!" Bonnie felt speechless.
'Keenan's right there! How dare he call me that when there's an outsider in front of us?'
When she pushed him away, he surprisingly grabbed her wrist and said firmly, "I need to talk to you. Come with me."
"I'm not going anywhere. You can say whatever you want to say here and now."
Ivor pursed his lips and pulled Bonnie upstairs, not caring about her thoughts. She scolded, "What's gotten into you, Ivor?! Let me go, now!"
"Fat chance."
"Hey! If you don't unhand me now, I'll teach you-"
Before she could finish, she felt a gush of wind behind her. It would not take a genius to figure out who it was.
###Chapter 505
Keenan charged upstairs and gripped Ivor's wrist. "Let her go."
Ivor was already furious, but his rage grew. "Do you have a death wish?!"
"It's my mission to keep her safe. You will let her go." Keenan pitted himself against Ivor without a hint of fear.
They were on the verge of fighting. It would only take a slight trigger for disaster to follow. Bonnie knew they would start fighting if she just stood there. She said, "That's enough. You're both adults, so stop acting like children."
Keenan said stubbornly, "He needs to let go first."
Ivor's expression grew increasingly menacing, and the air around them felt colder. Meanwhile, Bonnie felt a headache forming as she looked at Ivor and said, "Just let me go."
"Why don't you ask him to let go? Why should I let go first? We'd known each other long before he arrived, Bonnie. Don't you think you're being unfair to me? I've never brought a woman back to my place and never will.
"Good on you for taking a pretty boy back to your place. He's even trying to take my place as the man of the house. Ged was right. You've rejected me because I'm not your type. Instead, you love cute and clingy guys like him."
"I'm not cute. You're cute!" Keenan was beside himself with rage.
After some thought, Bonnie said, "Don't you think he's more sullen and domineering?"
"Does that mean he's your type?" Ivor squinted at her menacingly.
However, Bonnie did not respond directly. Instead, she said, "I seriously don't know how to communicate with you."
"Oh, but you can communicate with someone like him?"
Bonnie was beyond speechless. After taking a deep breath and calming down, she said, "Leo wanted me to make amends for the incident concerning Sienna. So he dispatched one of his task force members to keep me safe for now." 
"Are you sure about that?"
"Here, I'll call Leo now and ask him if you don't believe me." Bonnie was confident Leo would play along, given how wise he was.
Ivor stared into her honest eyes and
decided he could only believe her. "Fine, but does this guy have to protect you like this? I have plenty of highly capable bodyguards. I can always choose the best among them to protect you. I'll tell Floyd to
keep you safe if I have to Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
"I'll ask for your help when I'm desperate. You know how I am and that I don't like being followed. As for Keenan, I have no say in it. Leo said he'd be my bodyguard and follow me if I didn't accept Keenan.
"What am I supposed to do about that? I can't let an older man like Leo follow me all day. People who don't know any better might think I'm some big shot because a retired general is my bodyguard."
Bonnie's explanation was so
flawless that vor could not retort.
Finally, he said, "Fine, I'll accept that
this guy will protect you for now.
Still, he's a guy, and you must set some boundaries. Will he guard your bedroom door when you're steeping?" 
"That's not necessary!" Keenan retorted.
Ivor glanced at him sidelong, exasperated as he thought, 'At least this punk knows his boundaries.'
However, Keenan was not done talking. "I'm her bodyguard. I can't just guard her bedroom door. I must watch over her by her bedside."
Suddenly, a menacing air spread throughout the villa. Ivor said, "It looks like you have a death wish, after all."
Keenan said fearlessly with a raised chin, "Death doesn't scare me. I've survived worse in the past."
###Chapter 506
"You've got to be afraid of something?"
"I've been an orphan ever since I was young. I've got no family or friends. All I had to do was look after myself. What was there to be afraid of? If anything, I'm scared of failing my mission and having the rest of the troops laugh at me."
'This is the first time I've encountered someone this tricky. I have a hunch Keenan doesn't think of Bonnie that way. He is just trying to keep her safe.
'That's the only reason I'm letting someone as insolent as him keep breathing.'
"I've had it up to her, guys."
The more they argued, the worse her headache got. 'I think I know why Jim picked Keenan to take his place. He's quite a skillful fighter, but more importantly, he's as stubborn and headstrong as Jim.' "You don't have to stay in the same room as me when I'm sleeping, Keenan, nor do you have to guard my bedroom door. You can stay in the room next to mine or across the hallway."
"I can't do that. If we lived in different rooms, it would impede my ability to save you. What happens if you're in a pinch if I can't get to you in time? Is it because you don't believe in my integrity?"
Then, he raised three fingers and swore an oath. "I swear I won't harbor any dirty thoughts toward you. If I so much look funny at you, then may the Heavens send down a great thunderbolt and strike me so I may die a horrible death."
"That's not enough." Ivor chimed in, "You're not bothered by death. So, why would you be afraid of a thunderbolt? Or, for that matter, why would you be bothered by a horrible death?"
"Well. What would you have me swear?"
Ivor pondered on it and directed his gaze downward as he stared at Keenan. "Let's do this the right way. If you have dirty thoughts about Bonnie, then you won't be able to get it up anymore. How about that?" Keenan remained quiet for a few seconds.
"How's that the right way to do it?"
Holding her forehead, she rubbed her eyebrows. Her expression grew stern when she looked at Keenan.
"Keenan."
"Yes, ma'am!" He stood up straight and wore a solemn expression.
"I've never liked being followed. I believe he told you about it before you came here. Also, I only agreed to let you be my bodyguard because of him. Secondly, I didn't want to put yout in a difficult position. 
"Now that you know I put myself in your shoes, I hope you can do the same. I need you to give me some freedom and not smother me."
Bonnie used the classic
carrot-or-stick technique on Keenan. He wasn't as experienced as Jim, so he couldn't use such a persuasive technique. At the next moment, he yielded and gave in to her wishes. 
"Alright, then. I'll live in the room next to you, but you must promise to inform me when something goes wrong."
"Don't worry about..." Before she could finish, Ivor's voice drowned hers out.
"Don't worry about it. I'm going to sleep right next to Bonnie on the same bed. She'll be fine."
She didn't know what to say for a moment there. "When have I agreed to it?"
"I made the call on your behalf."
After dinner, she returned to her room, closed and locked her door immediately, and then went into the bathroom to shower.
She was scrubbing her body when she heard a commotion outside. It sounded like somebody had gone into her room.
'Really? I know I locked the door.'
She was puzzled but swiftly wrapped a towel around herself and opened the bathroom door. At the next moment, she was stunned by what she saw.
Ivor was taking off his clothes while sitting on her bed. Then, he noticed her looking at him. Not only was he not guilty, he lied on his side and wagged his finger at her s***, beckoning her to get close
###Chapter 507
Bonnie was frozen to where she stood and gawked at him.
Her reaction was enough to damage his confidence. 'I unbuttoned my shirt, but I didn't remove it. It should've been massively sexy to ladies. So, why does she still look this disinterested?
'Should I have been sexier?'
At the thought of that, he moved to unfasten his belt.
"If you take it off, I'll ask Keenan to kick you out of the room."
"He's dead asleep. He won't be able to come here." He smiled and responded.
Then, she looked out the window.
'I knew it. It's opened. He climbed into my room through the window. That would've made some sort of sound. I was bathing, and even I could hear it through the shower.
'Keenan was the kind of guy who survived several life-or-death situations. I hesitate to think he wouldn't have noticed something was amiss.'
"What did you do to Keenan?"
"Nothing. I just put some incense in his room to help with sleep."
She didn't respond to him.
"Come on. Get over here." He wagged his finger at her again.
A cunning humor flashed in her eyes as she said, "Sure." With that, she walked toward him.
She was wrapped in nothing but the towel. The sight of it was enough to drive him crazy. Every cell in his body was screaming maddeningly, egging him on to do unspeakable things to her. "Close your eyes." She grinned from ear to ear.
His eyes sparkled at that. "Are you trying to kiss me? Is it because you'll feel embarrassed if I look at you?"
"Of course. I'm still just a girl at the end of the day. Hurry up and close your eyes. I just might regret it if you drag this out."
At the next moment, he did as he was told.
She stuck out a finger and hit his vital point on the nape of his neck.
Then, he fell to the bed and went limp.
"This might help you sleep, too." She whispered in his ear.
She looked at the unconscious Ivor and pondered. Then, she lay a blanket on the ground and hurled him onto it.
The following day, she opened her eyes and saw his resentful gaze. "You're mean. I can't believe you let me sleep on the floor alone."
"Haven't I put a blanket on the floor first? Also, you're the one who pulled some sketchy stunt first. You're the head of the Knight family, and yet you climbed the window and snuck into my room. Aren't you concerned that your family will mock and tease you if they discover this? Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
"What's there to be concerned about? Grandma used to always chase Grandpa out of the room when they were young. He'd even punish himself to get into her bedroom.
"More to the point, he was the head
of the family too. Not only was he not embarrassed, but he boasted about it during the family dinner party. He said he bows downto no one except his wife. S
"He even said that men must obey their wives if they want what's best for the family. We were supposed to learn from him."
'Once again, he showed me how his thick skin is written in the Knights' genes and passed down to the next generation. I could use everything in my arsenal, and he still wouldn't have budged. I should zip it if don't want to be frustrated.' Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
She was supposed to go to college today, but she didn't. Instead, she went to her research institute.
'Perhaps being the university president isn't half bad. I don't have to apply for an off day if I want to skip classes. I can just do it whenever I feel like it.'
She was burying herself in her research when Toby approached her, wearing a peculiar expression.
"What's the matter? Is something bothering you?" She asked. At the next moment, his expression grew even stranger. He looked like he was about to spill it, but he bit his tongue instead. "What in the world is wrong? Just tell me about it. It's just us here."
Toby wrestled with himself a little before finally telling her about it. "Try not to be alone when you go out later, Ms. Bonita. Someone might ambush you."
###Chapter 508
"Hmm? What do you mean?" Bonnie squinted.
'Someone's trying to assassinate me. Are they closing in on me?'
Toby pulled out his phone. "See for yourself."
His expression was déjà vu all over again. Avril looked just the same when Sienna mobilized her fans to attack her.
'Has Sienna not given up on it? Is she stirring up trouble again?'
Then, she got curious and checked the Twitter updates.
'I knew it!'
About ten minutes ago, Sienna, who had gone off the radar for about a week, made a Tweet. She attached a picture of herself in it with a caption that read,
"Don't worry about me, everyone. I'm doing fine. I just needed some rest because I'm a little tired."
In the picture, she wore a mask and a bucket hat. Even so, it was impossible to cover the bruise on her face. Anyone would've been able to tell that she was beaten up. Just like that, her tweet was flooded with angry comments.
"What happened, honey? Why's your face all bruised up? That explains why you haven't been taking on gigs for days."
"Do you have to ask? I'm certain the homewrecker who s*** Orpheus did this. She's behind this!"
"How shameless! What has the world come to? Why's a homewrecker this overbearing?"
"We have to attack her together! It's time for us to unite under a common cause!"
Not long after, Sienna made another tweet.
"I feel I should clarify this. Bonnie has nothing to do with this. I accidentally hurt myself while I was shooting a scene."
"Come on. Don't defend the
homewrecker. You've been shooting
Ovenet
nothing but romantic television dramas. You didn't have to be suspended in midair by the wires; nor did you take any role that involved combat scenes. So, why Would you get hurt while shooting a scene? 
FindNovel.net
"Even if what you said is true. No filming crew is going to let you get hurt in the face. More to the point, look at how bad the bruises are on your face."
"If this is Sienna's official explanation, then I'm sure the homewrecker threatened her."
"As far as I know, the homewrecker came from the countryside. So, how does it have the capability to be threatening Sienna?”
"That's because you only know part of the truth. Rumor has it that this Bonnie character has a sugar daddy who's supposed to be all-powerful and wealthy." "Ew! That's gross."
Bonnie stopped scrolling after the last comment.
Toby's brows furrowed when he noticed how quiet she was. "A-Are you okay, Ms. Bonita?"
She waved casually, unperturbed.
"Sienna's kind of smart. Her tactics
are better and smarter this time.
With that said, she better hopeinet
doesn't go too far. Otherwise, I'd still teach her a lesson, even if the
Mcleod family begs me to forgive her." 
I
bouk
'This reminds me of when I went to the overseas conference. If the Mcleod brothers didn't put their lives on the line, she probably would've received her due punishment. 
'Anyway, that's also why I got off her back and put the whole thing behind me. I wouldn't have forgotten and forgiven her otherwise.'
"What do you mean, Ms. Bonita?" Toby asked puzzlingly.
"It's nothing. Let's get on with our work."
After she dealt with Toby, she was about to dive back into her work when she heard Keenan's angry voice.
"Let me take care of this, Ms. Bonita."
She was a little curious, so she asked, "I'm all ears. Tell me just how you are going to handle this. Are you going to tell me you'll beat her to a pulp?"
###Chapter 509
"Now, why would I do something so foolish?"
Bonnie heard Keenan's response and got invested in his answer. "Well. What are you going to do, then?"
He chuckled wickedly and said, "Back when I was on a mission in the rainforest, I came across some herbs that'd make all of its targets' hair fall off. I must only squeeze its saps into Sienna's food discreetly, and she'll turn into a baldy.
"I guarantee you that none of her hair would stay on. What's more, it'll even ruin her hair follicles. It wouldn't grow back for the next few years."
What he said painted a picture in her mind. In less than a second, she conjured up the image of a bald, hairless Sienna.
It was hilarious.
"What kind of herb are we talking about here?"
"It doesn't grow anywhere in the vicinity. You can only find it in rainforests, but I'm unsure about its name. I took some pictures. Here."
Pulling out his phone, he showed her the pictures he had taken.
She stared at it for a while. "I haven't seen anything like it. I will ask someone to get me some samples when I have the time."
"Are you going to do it yourself? That's a bad idea, given your identity. You don't use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. Let me do it instead." He thought she intended to squeeze the sap into Sienna's food. A burst of laughter escaped her. Then, she said, "I didn't think you'd know about this saying, too. Sienna is nothing but a clown. So, why should we go to all this trouble just to deal with her?"
"Well. What do you need the herb for, then?" He didn't understand it and scratched his head.
"I have plans for it. You just might know what it's for in the future."
'None of the hair removal products on the market are exactly effective.
net
If the herb, he said, could remove hair and prevent its growth for several years, I could research and refine it into a natural plant-based hair removal product. It could be one of the minor researches for the institute.' 
She was in the middle of her thoughts when a call interrupted her. Pulling out her phone, she realized Jim was giving her a video call.
"Sienna is at it again. Do you need me to handle it?" He asked directly.
"Her grandpas know my real identity. Would this happen if they knew how to deal with her? She was brilliant this time. All she did was make a Tweet to clarify her situation. She even wore a mask and a bucket hat.
"I'm sure her grandpas talked to her about this, but she would've claimed she was innocent and said it was her fans' fault." She analyzed the situation.
"So, are we just going to let it slide? You might be able to forgive and forget, but I can't do that. It's a shame I can't go to her place now. Otherwise, I would've found a chance to kidnap her and beat her to a pulp."
She couldn't help but feel helpless. "You're just the same as Keenan. What she did barely affected me. In any case, I'll handle it."
Then, she changed the topic at once. "When are you going to come back?"
"That's what I'm calling you for. My grandparents will celebrate their seventieth birthday, and I'm the only
grandson they ever had. My dade
asked me to extend my leave
el
n
because I was never home. He
wanted me to organize their birthday
parties." 
FindNovel.net
"This is a good thing! You're the only grandson. You have an excellent reason to organize it. It's not just that. You have to make sure you do a good job with it."
"But..." His brows knitted tightly. "I'm not that worried about what Sienna is doing as much as I'm worried about the fact that the person who wanted to assassinate you might pop up at any given moment."
Keenan patted his chest and said,
"Don't worry about it. You've got me by Ms. Bonita's side. Everything's going to be peachy. After all, I swore that no harm would befall her for as long as I breathed. Go ahead and extend your leave, Master Jim. You can extend it for a couple of years if you want." 
FindNovel.net
"How dare you say that, you punk? Are you trying to replace me as Ms. Bonita's bodyguard?" he said exasperatedly.
###Chapter 510
"Hehehe!" Keenan laughed brazenly. "Age is catching up to you, Master Jim. Perhaps you should retire earlier, get married, and have a couple of rugrats. You can count on me to keep Ms. Bonita safe!" "Listen up, you punk! I'll beat you up the next time I see you!"
Bonnie found their conversation quite amusing. She looked at Jim in the video call and said, "Keenan has a point, Jim! You're getting old, after all. What's more, you said so yourself earlier. You're the only grandson in your family. It's high time you have a couple of babies."
Jim didn't have a good comeback for that.
After that, they chatted for a while before she hung up.
"Come on. We're going to the mall." She looked at Keenan and said.
He got worried about the idea. "Do you want to buy something? Just let me know, and I'll buy it for you. Too many people are in the mall, and it's hard to tell who's who. What are we going to do if the person who wants you dead hides his men among the crowd?"
Her eyes were filled with humor. "Aren't you here to keep me safe? What's there to be afraid of? Don't you have any confidence in yourself?"
"I have absolute confidence in myself, but that's neither here nor there. You should just play it safe and avoid going to dangerous places."
"All right, then." She pretended to have accepted his explanation.
He was delighted to hear her response and sighed in relief.
'It looks like Master Jim wasn't entirely right about her. He told me Ms. Bonita is decisive and stubborn. Once she makes up her mind about something, no one can change her mind. However, it looks like she's very understanding. Master Jim must've been tricking me, then.'
He was in the middle of thinking when she said, "I need some bras and underwear. I'll tell you my cup size and hip size."
His jaws dropped straight to the ground.
"Are you okay? Why's your face this red? Are you sick?" She stifled a laugh and said.
Her stares embarrassed Keenan.
atn
Then, he thought about what she was asking him to buy for her, and he blushed. They felt so hot that smoke was practically coming out of his ears. "Um, I-I think I'll come with you and keep you safe." 
She suppressed her laughter and walked ahead of him as if nothing happened.
He watched as she left. Then, he thought about how he noticed a sense of humor in her eyes. That was when it hit him.
'Master Jim didn't trick me. Ms. Bonita has lived up to her name. It took her nearly no effort to persuade me.
'With that in mind, I think what she said earlier was true. Sienna is just a clown, as far as she is concerned. The actress was nothing more than an insect in her eyes. She simply
didn't care about Sienna. Content
belongs to FindNovel.net
'If Sienna doesn't know what is good for herself and continues to bug her, all she has to do is wag her fingers, and she could ruin Sienna thoroughly.'
Once they arrived at the mall, he followed her into a jewelry store.
"Huh? Aren't you supposed to go to a lingerie store, Ms. Bonita?"
She giggled and said, "I was just messing with you. I can't believe you bought it."
He didn't know what to say to her at that moment.
"Alright. That's enough about jokes.
Jim's grandparents are going to have a birthday party soon. So, I want to surprise him by showing up at the party without him knowing. That's why I'm here to buy birthday presents for the old folks." She had planned on doing it for a long time.
###Chapter 511
Jim had worked and sacrificed much for Bonnie-that was the least she could do for him. However, Keenan suddenly shouted, "You can't do that! It's too dangerous!" Bonnie patted Keenan's shoulder and said, "It's okay. You're here with me. I believe in your skills."
Keenan thought, 'There she goes again.'
Bonnie entered the store and started picking things, "This pearl necklace isn't half bad. That one over there looks good, too. Jim's grandma might like it." Ultimately, she chose a high-gloss pearl necklace. Each pearl was smooth, flawless, and gleaming. She told the saleswoman, "I'll take this necklace, please." The saleswoman rolled her eyes and insulted Bonnie, "Have you looked at the price? It's forty grand. Are you sure you can afford it?"
Bonnie frowned in response.
'This lady has been giving me dirty looks since I entered the store. From the looks of it now, it doesn't seem like she's underestimating me. There's something else to it.'
"Do you know me enough to assume I can't afford this necklace? How dare you look at me as if I'm a piece of trash? What's with the mocking tone? You have such a poor character."
The saleswoman looked at Bonnie disdainfully, arms akimbo as the former said, "Hmph! Did you just say I have a poor character? I can't be sure if you can afford this necklace. For all I know, you shamelessly got your money."
"It looks like you're itching for a beating!" Keenan was about to reprimand the saleswoman when Bonnie stopped him.
Bonnie asked, "I'm curious. Why did you say all those things, miss?"
Someone outside the door answered, "That's bold of you to ask. Everyone knows you earned your money by blackmailing Orpheus. You stole him from Sienna-now you're public enemy number one. I can't believe you dare to shop here. Your courage is commendable."
Bonnie turned and saw a lady who was not particularly beautiful but carried a costly handbag. Then, the former noticed the lady's dress. If Bonnie was not mistaken, the lady wore an outfit from Bohemian Boutique, which Tang Fusion Studios owned.
Bonnie asked, "Who are you?"
The young lady looked at Bonnie condescendingly and said, "I'm one of the Shermans."
After some thought, Bonnie questioned, "Which Sherman are you talking about?"
"Seriously?! You don't know that we're one of the wealthiest families in Pyralis? It looks like you only know how to s*** and steal other people's boyfriends."
"You said it," the saleswoman added.
'I think I know why this saleswoman is so harsh toward me now. She's one of those brain-dead fans of either Orpheus or Sienna.'
Bonnie remarked, "If my memory serves me right, Thaddeus is the only child the Shermans had. Of course, they did reconcile with their younger, long-lost son. When did they have a daughter?"
Kara Sherman stared at Bonnie in bewilderment and thought, 'I can't believe she knows about one of the deepest family secrets! Orpheus must've told her about it!'
###Chapter 512
"Well, I'm not one of the main family members."
"Oh, I see." Bonnie nodded lightly. "So, you're just one of those insignificant branch family members."
"Ugh, what makes you think you have the right to look down on me? They're not going to sell you that pearl necklace, so scram! Find your necklace elsewhere!" Kara raised her voice so the onlookers could join in on humiliating Bonnie.
The latter looked at Kara indifferently and said, "Who do you think you are to call the shots around here? Does your family own the mall or something? You can't chase me out." Immediately after, she saw Kara and the saleswoman smiling weirdly. Kara lifted her chin and looked at the saleswoman, saying, "Go on and tell her if I have the right to do it."
"My pleasure," the saleswoman replied flatteringly before telling Bonnie, "The Sherman Group appointed the branch family Ms. Kara comes from as the top management of this fine establishment. "Are you seriously questioning if Ms. Kara can chase you out? If you continue disrespecting her, she can kick you out of the store or call security to kick you out of the mall."
Bonnie finally understood what was happening. She thought, 'That explains why Kara and the saleswoman have been so cocky toward me.'
"It looks like you're reluctant to leave. Fine, don't say I didn't warn you. Guards!" Kara called for at least a dozen security guards. "Kick this woman out of the mall! She's a shameless homewrecker who s*** Orpheus and even picked on my best friend, Sienna.
"My poor friend has a nasty bruise on her face because of this woman. Since the law can't prove you guilty, they can't do anything to you. If so, I'll punish you in the name of justice!"
Many people gathered at the store and heard Kara's claims. Some paid close attention to scandalous news and realized what was happening. They pointed at Bonnie and started muttering amongst each other.
Everyone else was clueless about the situation and became curious. Hence, they asked those who were up to date about it.
"Excuse me, what is going on here? Did that pretty girl do something wrong? Why's everyone scolding her?"
"How do you not know what's happening? Don't you check your phone? That pretty lady is the good-for-nothing that the Shepards disowned. They said she had a sugar daddy, who's supposedly an old rich
man.
"Now, that young lady has blackmailed Orpheus and even caused him and Sienna to break up. That's not all. Sienna has a big bruise on her face because of that lady." The more this woman talked, the more she wanted to punch Bonnie.
Soon after, everyone reprimanded Bonnie.
Kara glanced at the onlookers and was satisfied with how things had turned out. She addressed the guards, "What are you guys waiting for? Kick her out of my mall!"
"Yes, ma'am!" The guards approached Bonnie, intending to remove her from the mall.
Bonnie squinted at them menacingly while Keenan prepared to fight them off. He faced the guards at the front and charged at them. Before the onlookers realized what had happened, the guards had already fallen.
A thud echoed as they hit the ground, followed by grunts.
The remaining guards were shocked, wondering how Keenan was so good at fighting. They even suspected he was a professional fighter.
Kara and the onlookers were just as shocked as Keenan gazed at the other guards.
"Keenan, don't waste your time with them," Bonnie said, causing Keenan to stop.
He looked at her in puzzlement and asked, "Are you sure you want me to stop? They're—”
"It's okay. We'll just leave the mall and wait by the entrance. They'll beg us to shop here again in less than thirty minutes, especially that woman from the Sherman family," Bonnie said as she glanced at Kara coldly.
"Huh?" Keenan was clueless as to what Bonnie meant.
Kara crossed her arms and smirked at Bonnie. "Hahaha! Less than thirty minutes, huh? I'll be waiting. Let's see if your claims are true."
Since the onlookers had nothing better to do, they lingered for a while. Some even took their phones to livestream everything. After all, the incident concerned Orpheus, Sienna, and Kara. Of course, many people would want to watch the livestream.
When Bonnie exited the mall, she called Thaddeus.
###Chapter 513
"I need a favor, Thaddeus."
"Come on, Ms. Bonnie! There's no need to call it favor or anything like that. Just give it to me straight. What do you need?"
"Does your family own Grand Meadow Mall?" Bonnie asked.
"We do. What's wrong?"
After Bonnie told him about everything that had happened, he said, "Kara has done it now. I'll make her pay! Give me a minute, and I'll be right there."
"You don't have to come here. A phone call will suffice." Bonnie did not want to trouble him too much.
Still, Thaddeus insisted, "That won't do! Not only are you my mentor, but you also found my long-lost brother. I can't stand idly by while someone from the branch family picks on you, on my territory, no less." "Okay, then. If you insist."
Twenty-odd minutes later, Kara swaggered over and told Bonnie, "You have three minutes left. Things aren't looking good for you. Everyone's recording this with their phones, y'know. Some are even livestreaming it.
"I thought you said we'd beg you to shop in our mall in less than thirty minutes. I'm standing here, yet you can do nothing to me."
Although Bonnie ignored Kara, the latter showed Bonnie her phone and said, "There are a lot of viewers waiting for your little show. Some even say you're bluffing to keep your pride and that you'll probably run with your tail between your legs when no one's watching.
"Look, people are even reminding you there are only a minute and forty-three seconds remaining. Hmm, here are some interesting results. Someone said your shamelessness knows no bounds. It's no wonder you s*** Orpheus."
As she read the harsh comments aloud, a sudden, furious voice echoed behind her, "Kara! How dare you kick my mentor out of my mall and humiliate her! I'll make you pay!"
The familiar voice made Kara turn around. Immediately after, Thaddeus slapped her so hard that she stumbled to the floor.
The sudden turn of events shocked everyone, even the livestream viewers. Meanwhile, Kara sat on the floor and held her cheek as she asked, "D-Did you just call her your mentor? What does that mean, Thaddeus?"
"You don't have the right to know what happens between me and her. Who gave you the right to kick her out of my mall? Our family is indebted to her, you idiot!" Thaddeus's roar showed just how furious he
was.
He was enraged by what happened to Bonnie and because Ivor saw the livestream. Ivor even called Thaddeus and asked for an explanation while the latter was going to the mall.
"What do you mean indebted?" At that moment, Kara saw her family car stopping at the mall entrance. Her parents darted out of the car and slapped her countless times, scolding her in the process.
"You f*** idiot! How dare you do something so stupid to Bonnie?! You must have a death wish. If so, jump off a bridge instead of dragging us into your idiocy!"
"Vince would still be homeless if Bonnie hadn't found him! The head of the family has decreed that they'll shun us from the family if we don't explain this mess to them."
Kara finally understood the truth, and an intense fear rose within her chest. Then, she recalled what happened earlier.
'That explains why Bonnie was so confident and unfazed the whole time. She even said we'd apologize to her and beg her to shop at our mall again.'
Kara's father, Stanley Sherman, looked at Bonnie miserably and asked, "How would you like us to handle it? My daughter was wrong, so you can criticize or even hit her however you want."
Bonnie glanced at Kara. "That's not how civilized people behave. I only want her to uphold her end of the deal. She and that cocky saleswoman will beg me to shop at your mall."
###Chapter 514
Stanley stomped on Kara and questioned, "Are you deaf? Hurry up and beg her to return to the mall now!"
"I-I'll do it now." Kara scrambled to her feet and groveled to Bonnie. "I-I didn't know any better. I should rip my tongue out for speaking to you that way."
She slapped herself and added, "You're the most esteemed guest at our mall. Please grace us with your presence."
All the resentment she had for Bonnie had disappeared.
'It's not like I don't want to resent her, but I simply can't! My family owes Bonnie a considerable debt because she found the head of the family's younger son. I might drag my family down with me if I rebel.'
The saleswoman almost pissed herself as she watched. She approached Bonnie tremblingly and mimicked Kara. The saleswoman slapped herself hard, causing her cheeks to swell instantly.
"Please forgive me, Ms. Bonnie! I didn't mean what I said. I was just "
Bonnie interjected, "Are you a fan of Orpheus or Sienna?"
The saleswoman stuttered, "Orpheus, ma'am."
"Are you his friend or something?" She asked again.
The saleswoman shook her head, not understanding why Bonnie would ask her that. The latter continued, "Why were you so confident that I s*** and blackmailed him if you're not his friend and know nothing about his private life? Do you have proof?"
The saleswoman uttered, "E-Everyone was accusing you, so I—"
"So, you blindly believed what people said about me?" Bonnie glared at the saleswoman, causing the latter to shiver.
Bonnie turned and gazed across the onlookers with their phones held up. She said, "Since so many people are watching, I'll reveal the unadulterated truth."
The onlookers exchanged glances, and the livestream viewers simmered down, waiting for Bonnie to speak. "You're all slandering me because of the picture Sienna tweeted. I'm part of the reason for the bruise on her face."
Her words shocked everyone. They thought Bonnie would deny everything and shift the blame. No one thought she would admit it. The onlookers and livestream viewers were puzzled. Sienna was also watching the stream. She was so nervous that her palms began to sweat.
Bonnie continued, "I was minding my business several days ago, and Sienna brought a group of people to surround me. She then slashed her knife at me, and I hurt one of her arms in self-defense." Everyone was even more shocked. They did not know that Bonnie had hurt one of Sienna's arms and why Bonnie would openly admit it.
"Do you know why I can still stand here and talk to you guys after I hurt her?" Bonnie's question piqued everyone's curiosity.
###Chapter 515
"It's because Sienna mobilized the army without authority. She did it to get back at me, a normal citizen. Her grandfather is a retired general. Once he heard about it, he punished her severely. If you don't believe me, I can always ask him to make an official announcement."
Bonnie's explanation was so earth-shattering that everyone's jaws hit the ground. The onlookers and livestream viewers broke into intense discussions about the revelation.
"S-Sienna mobilized an army without proper authority? How dare she do something like that, not to mention she did it to deal with an ordinary citizen!"
"Frankly, it doesn't matter if Bonnie's at fault. Sienna should've never done something like that."
"Sienna's grandfather even punished her. Who's the idiot that made us believe she slapped Sienna?"
"Wait a minute! Can't you guys see that Bonnie is tricking us? That's just her version of the story. She didn't back it up with any evidence. Will you guys just believe everything she said?"
A moment later, the former general, Leo, made an official announcement online, "I apologize for using the public resources. However, I feel the need to clarify something. I punished my granddaughter, Sienna. The fault is hers alone."
The onlookers could not believe what they saw.
"The former general represents our nation. If he's making a statement, that proves Bonnie wasn't lying. She's telling the truth."
"Although that's possible, we can't be sure. Perhaps Sienna tweeted her picture because she knew she'd been missing for a few days and wanted to tell us she was safe. Didn't she wear a mask and a bucket hat to hide the bruises? If she wanted to set Bonnie up, why would she try so hard to cover it up?"
As Sienna read the comments, she was glad Adele reminded her to cover some of her bruises. Otherwise, it would have been too obvious, and the public would have called her out immediately.
As the onlookers discussed the situation, a Maybach quietly stopped at the mall entrance. However, the car was so luxurious that it attracted much attention. Once the handsome and irresistible Ivor emerged from the vehicle, the crowd could not look away.
"Who's that? Is he some kind of big shot? Hey, I think his car is a limited edition Maybach!"
"Come on, pal. Is that the point here? The man is a big deal. Just look at his elegance. He can wipe the floor with all the young men in the entertainment industry. Only someone like Orpheus can match that guy's charisma."
"That man's drop-dead gorgeous! I think I have a nosebleed. Ah, I want to have his babies!"
"Save your breath, little lady. He's so elegant and dashing that he must already have a girlfriend. Why would you think you stand a chance with someone like him?"
"I guess you're right. I wonder what kind of girl can match his gorgeous looks."
Ivor strode over to Bonnie. Then, he removed his coat and put it on her, saying, "We're heading into autumn. You should wear thicker clothes, or you'll catch a cold."
Bonnie accepted his affectionate gesture because she knew he was trying to help her out of this mess by debunking the false internet rumors. Since that was the case, Bonnie decided to lean into Ivor and say, "All right, thank you."
"You don't have to thank me. Come on, let's go home," Ivor said as he extended his arm.
Bonnie raised her brow and smirked. Then, she took his arm and walked toward the car with him.
"Oh, they're together! What a perfect match! I finally believe Bonnie is innocent. Why would she ever leave someone like him for Orpheus? From now on, I'll fight anyone who claims Bonnie s*** and blackmailed Orpheus."
"Hey, do you think that gorgeous man is Orpheus's nephew?"
"Now that you've mentioned it, their brows do look alike. Orpheus's eldest nephew drives a limited edition Maybach, too. Does anyone know who that man is? Anyone?"
At that moment, one of the Pyralis University students stepped forward.
###Chapter 516
"That reminds me. That man was the representative of the Knight Group at Pyralis University's Scientific Research Competition."
It was a brief answer, but it was enough to cause a big reaction from everyone at the mall entrance and those watching the livestream. The discussion about Ivor's identity gripped everyone.
"Orpheus's last name is McKay. Going by that logic, his eldest nephew should also be a McKay. He's not a Knight family member, and there's no way he is one. Perhaps he's one of the top management staff in the Knight Group and is there to represent his company."
"You make some fine points. Also, that man could've driven his CEO's car here. After all, you guys are forgetting something. Orpheus found success in the entertainment industry all on his own. He would've had strong backing if he were part of the family. Why did he go it alone instead?"
Sometimes, there was a genius among the ordinary citizens. Someone would always speak the truth unintentionally.
"Is it possible that Orpheus took his mother's last name instead? That explains why his eldest nephew didn't share his last name."
The next moment, everyone searched for the Knight family tree diagram on the internet.
'Um... Orpheus's mom is a McKay...'
The general public, who had no idea about the truth behind the curtains, just like that, went into another heated discussion about the Knight family.
"Tee-hee..." Bonnie couldn't help but giggle.
"What are you giggling at?" Ivor turned and looked at him, intrigued.
She showed him her phone and said, "Look, these people are something. They managed to find out that your grandma's surname is McKay. Some even say that you're the CEO of the Knight Group." She was grinning from ear to ear. Looking at her, Ivor couldn't help but feel a warm, fuzzy feeling rising within him.
"I didn't know that you're into gossip."
"Are you going to tell me you don't love gossip?" She asked.
"No. I love you and nothing else."
She didn't have a good comeback for that.
"Buzz buzz buzz..." Her phone vibrated.
Ivor frowned, displeased.
'Who in the world is calling at a time like this?'
Fixing his gaze on the phone, he saw that it was Leo.
"How do you have his phone number?"
Bonnie knew he was probing her. "I saved his number after the whole incident with Sienna."
"Oh. So, that's why."
'I urge her to take her phone and check what big shots are in her contact list. As for Leo... She's not being serious. I'm pretty sure they've long known each other.'
"Hello?" She answered the call.
"Hey, there, Ms. Bonita. I gave Sienna hell for what happened earlier. I hope you won't hold a grudge against her."
"She's just a child throwing a tantrum. I'm not going to be bothered by it."
'That reminds me. Bonnie is just twenty years old, while my granddaughter is five years older than her. If anyone else had heard what she said, they would've found her disdainful. However, I know how right she is.
'After all, Sienna might be older than Bonnie, but her achievements and status weren't near Bonnie's.
"That's great, then. Here's the thing. Her twenty-fifth birthday is this weekend. I'd like to invite you to the party. I'll ask her to apologize to you formally in front of everyone."
###Chapter 517
Bonnie didn't like attending such occasions. Just as she was about to reject Leo, he continued.
"I've only invited young people from high society to the birthday party. I also sent an invitation to Benedict. I gathered that he wasn't just interested in fashion designs. He was also fascinated with rifles and armaments.
"That's why I'm going to have my men prepare some activities for everyone to have their fill of holding a rifle and shooting some targets."
Leo was prepared before he made this call. She couldn't help but waiver a little.
"Also, there's another important reason I'm asking you over."
"What is it?"
"The International Scientific Research Conference at Motrus is next month. I'm in charge of your safety on that whole trip. I need to discuss and firm up some security matters and deployment issues with you."
She was startled at what he said. "Are you going to lead the team yourself? Is that even necessary?"
Then, it occurred to her that the SR League received a quest from someone to assassinate her.
"Alright. I'll be there."
When she hung up the phone, Ivor asked, "Where are you going?"
"It's Leo. He wanted to make up for Sienna's mistake. So, he invited me to her birthday party this weekend. Do you want to come with me?"
His lips curled into a smile. Then, he took her hands and said, "I wouldn't be interested in it if it's someone else's birthday, but you did ask nicely. So, yeah, I'm coming with you."
'Uh... Forget it. I'm not bothered to explain it. It's pointless, anyway.
'What's more, I'm not ready to deal with it now. How the heck am I supposed to explain Motrus to him?
'It's the International Scientific Research Conference, and I represent Arvandor. That means I have to go. Furthermore, it had always taken between ten and fourteen days.'
She was having a massive headache when Ivor's brow knitted tightly. He remained quiet for a long time before he said, "After Monday, I'll have to travel overseas on a work trip next month."
Her eyes sparkled at his words. "You're going on a work trip next month? When are you going?"
"I'm going on the eighth of next month."
She was overjoyed because she was also going overseas on the eighth of next month.
"I'm not sure how long I'll be away, but it will be between ten and fourteen days."
He couldn't bear the thought of being apart from her for that long. He wished so badly that he could take her with him.
However, he's the sponsor the nation appointed to go to Motrus with Bonita to attend the International Scientific Research Conference together. He couldn't afford to leak this sensitive information, so he hasn't told her anything since he was appointed.
"This is fantastic!" She couldn't hold down the thrill. She didn't notice how bitter Ivor looked until after she yelled gleefully.
"Do you want me to leave you alone so bad? You do know that I'll be gone for a long time. Don't you?"
"That's not it. You're overthinking it. It's just that the timing couldn't have been better. One of my friend's grandparents is having a birthday party. It's kind of far. So, I was going to tell you we must be apart for a period."
The fact was that Jim's grandparents were having their birthday party on the second of next month. The dates didn't clash at all.
"Are you telling me you would've left even if I was not on a work trip?" At the thought of this, his face was no longer filled with somberness. Instead, he was happy. "It looks like we're truly a match made in heaven. We're both occupied on the same day."
Her lips twitched a little. 'Fine. It doesn't matter what he says. All I have to do is ignore him. What matters is that it solves all of my problems.'
There was an art exhibition featuring Orson's paintings exclusively. It was held in Pyralis on Friday night.
Bonnie was invited to it. She had just arrived at the entrance when she saw someone familiar. She might've seen the man before.
"Huh? Isn't that Bonnie?" Some guy standing next to the man looked at her and said.
The man's name was Rhys Richards. When he heard Bonnie's name, he turned around and saw that it was her. At the next moment, his eyes sparkled. "You're right. It's her."
###Chapter 518
Titus Quinn mocked Rhys and said, "She's staring at you. Do you think she regretted turning you down when you confessed your love to her back then? Perhaps she wanted to be your girlfriend now." Rhys smacked the Land Rover next to him. "I didn't tell her I came from a wealthy family when I confessed to her. I think this car of mine must've caught her attention now."
"Isn't that commonplace, though? Every lady loved a wealthy man. You were too naive when we were in high school. You used to think you could win a lady's heart just by being pure.
"I don't want to say this, but you should've given her a pigeon egg diamond ring, and you would've had her in your arms now."
"I guess you're right." Rhys nodded in agreement.
"Come on. Let's go over there."
Rhys walked over to Bonnie and greeted her. "It's been a long time, Bonnie."
She still couldn't recall who he was. "Who are you? Have we seen each other?"
He swapped glances with Titus.
'No way in hell she forgot about us. She's doing this on purpose and playing hard to get. Then again, she is a beautiful lady. It stands to reason that she'd want to play it off cool. I get it. I'll play along, then.'
"Have you forgotten about us, Bonnie? We studied in the same high school. Your classroom was right next to mine. My name's Rhys, and he's my friend, Titus." "Rhys..." She mumbled. Then, it hit her.
'It's him. The guy from the next classroom confessed to me. I don't remember a thing about Titus at all, though.'
"Are you guys also here for Master Orson's art exhibition?" She asked.
"That's right! My dad is a big fan of Master Orson's paintings but couldn't come today. So, he asked me to come here on his behalf and take some pictures instead." He thought she posed the question because she, too, wanted to get in. After all, it wasn't like anybody could just waltz in. "I'll bet you don't have an invitation." "You're right. I don't," she said truthfully. That was because Kay had said she'd welcome her personally once she arrived. However, she still had yet to see Kay. 'I knew it. Bonnie is kissing up to me.' Rhys thought to himself.
"Well, then. You're welcome to come inside with us. They'll admit two guests with one invitation."
"Is it a bother?" She asked.
"Of course, it's not. Come on, let's go." Bonnie had just followed him inside when Kay came out of the restroom and ran toward the entrance.
"What's taking Master so long?"
'I guess I'll call her.'
However, nobody answered her after a long time.
'I guess I'll have to wait for her a little longer.'
Rhys kept rambling on while he took Bonnie inside.
"Have you been to somewhere this upscale before?"
"There are fruit and beverages over there. All of them are imported and expensive. It will cost you a lot to buy and eat these outside. Do you want some? I'll get them for you." However, his friendliness rubbed her the wrong way.
"It's okay. I'm not thirsty or hungry."
"So am I. Let's admire the paintings, then. Look at this piece. It's so nicely done. I heard that it costs millions of dollars. That's almost as much as my family makes." At the next moment, Titus gave him a big thumbs up.
###Chapter 519
Rhys revealed his family's wealth to Bonnie roundaboutly. In short, he was a millionaire! It would've been earth-shattering news if the school had known about it. "Hmm. Not bad, indeed." Bonnie nodded. "However, it's not as good as the painting Orson gave me back then."
'Look at the way she bluffed. What am I supposed to say now?' Rhys thought to himself.
Titus chuckled. "It's been a long time, Bonnie. It seems like you've learned how to make jokes now!"
She responded solemnly, "I'm telling you the truth. I didn't want it, but he insisted on giving it to me back then."
'Truth be told, I would've rejected Orson outright if it wasn't for the fact that he was old. After all, I can make my paintings if I wanted to.'
"Uh..."
Titus pulled Rhys aside and said softly, "Don't get me wrong, Bonnie is beautiful but a loudmouth. Perhaps you should forget about hitting on her, Rhys."
Rhys, however, didn't falter. "The way I see it, she's doing it on purpose. She wanted to get my attention, after all."
"I guess you could be right."
She noticed both of them muttering with each other and got bored. So, she headed toward the fruit and beverages section.
"What are you doing here?" Harold looked at her displeasingly.
She turned around impatiently and said coldly, "I'm no longer a part of the Shepard family. Like I said, if one of you harasses me, help me. I'm going to get Trina expelled from Pyralis University. I don't care which one of you does the harassing."
"Why, you..." He was so mad that his face and neck turned red.
Worried that her husband would be overly upset, Yolanda gently patted his back. "Is that how you talk to people, Bonnie? He's an elderly man, for Heaven's sake!"
She cast a cold gaze at the old lady. It was so petrifying that Yolanda's back was covered with sweat.
"I don't intend to waste my time on both of you. Let's just say Trina will be completely ruined if she's expelled from Pyralis University three times. On top of that, the entire Shepards will become the city's-no, the country's laughingstock."
Both Yolanda and Harold were beside themselves with rage. They were about to say something, but she cut them off and spoke first.
"Make one noise, and I'm going to tear down the entire Shepard family."
Both of them zipped it immediately. They could only stare at her viciously, and it took them a long time to calm down.
"Forget about her. Master Orson is going to make an appearance soon."
As soon as Harold said it, Orson came downstairs, and the crowd huddled around him immediately.
"Come on. Let's go."
"Okay."
Then, Harold and Yolanda went before Orson with a big smile.
"It's been a long time, Master Orson. You still look as vibrant as ever!"
Orson ignored them and walked past them instead. Just like that, both of them became a laughingstock.
"Master Orson doesn't know them at all, but they thought so highly of themselves that they went before him and tried to kiss up to him. Good on them. All they've achieved was embarrassing themselves."
"I'd say that they brought it on themselves. After all, they overestimated themselves on this. Everyone wants to kiss up to Master Orson.
"Who do they think they are? I'm not trying to be mean here, but they don't even have the right to do this when there's a long line of people waiting to get close to Master Orson."
"Exactly. They might've ruined Master Orson's day with their actions."
###Chapter 520
Everyone berated Harold and Yolanda, who blushed.
Then, he gritted his teeth and stubbornly walked over to Orson.
"I guess you're so busy that you forgot about us, Master Orson. I'm the former head of the Shepard family. My name's Harold. You came to my birthday party. You greeted me, and we chatted a lot. Have you forgotten about that?"
"Hmph!" Orson grunted coldly. "I didn't want to start anything with you. That's why I ignored you and walked past you earlier. I didn't bet on you being so shameless that you even tried to converse with me!" "Well. I..." He was about to say something, but Orson cut him off.
"You Shepards have disowned Master Bonnie. What makes you think you can pretend to be my friend?"
Orson has seen many winters. He is usually mature, friendly, and understanding. He wouldn't have spoken so aggressively if he wasn't severely infuriated.
Harold was slack-jawed. His ears were ringing as well.
'Bonnie? Is that why Orson is treating me this coldly?'
"B-Bonnie has got you fooled, Master Orson. She only knows run-of-the-mill shadowboxing skills. She's far from being a master!"
"That's right!" Yolanda went along with her husband. "She has stayed in our villa for several years now. Don't you think we know better than anyone about her capabilities?
"If her shadowboxing skills were so immaculate and worthy of becoming a master, then why wouldn't she have boasted about it to us much earlier?"
Orson continued to speak coldly. "She didn't boast about it because she prefers to keep a low profile. Do you think all youngsters are that superficial? Let me tell you guys something about geniuses and highly gifted people. They have every right to show off their capabilities but ultimately choose to maintain a low profile.
"If you aren't happy about what I said, look no further than Ms. Bonita. She's young, too, but she has never shown her true face in public or the media. Why do you think that is? It's because she's modest!" "U-Um... Bonnie is good for nothing. How could you compare her with Ms. Bonita, who's brimming with exceptional talents, Master Orson? Do you realize you're humiliating Ms. Bonita?" "Say what now?" Orson laughed heartily. "If Ms. Bonita is here and sees Bonnie's shadowboxing skill today, I'm sure she'll give her a big thumbs up and compliment her!"
They made such a big commotion that Bonnie was already monitoring their exchange from much earlier.
'Gee. I'd never give myself a thumbs up and pat myself on the back.'
Harold and Yolanda never counted on Orson having such a high opinion of Bonnie. However, they were very sure that Bonnie had little medical knowledge. For crying out loud, she even acquired it by dumb luck. She honestly couldn't do anything else!
"A word of advice, Shepards. Stay the heck away from me and disturb me no more. Otherwise, I'll forego courtesy and have both of you kicked out!" He said harshly. Then, he left with a cold, angry expression. Both Harold and Yolanda's brows knitted tightly. They turned and looked at Bonnie curiously.
At the same time, they heard the onlookers muttering about them. Quite a number of them exclaimed that they would do Orson a favor and find someone to kick the couple out of the exhibition. They might have thick skins but could not withstand this many people slandering them. Ultimately, they could no longer stand it and fled.
"What are you doing here?" Rhys rushed over to Bonnie's side.
"I'm just grabbing some bites." She said, poured herself a glass of juice.
Both Rhys and Titus pursed their lips at that.
'She said she didn't want it earlier. Gee. She could've just come clean and told us she had never been to such an occasion and tasted nice food and drinks. We wouldn't have made fun of her.'
Titus muttered to Rhys again. "Bonnie is such a glory hound, and she refuses to lose face, ever. I don't mean to be nasty, but you're a great man, Rhys. You can get any kind of lady you want. I think you have better give on her."
"It's true. I can have any kind of lady, but this is my first time seeing someone this beautiful. Have you ever seen someone as glorious and curvaceous as her?"
That stumped Titus.
'Now that I think about it, I've seen a lot of pretty ladies in my time. However, I've never seen one as exquisite as Bonnie.'
Bonnie was sipping the fruit juice when she saw Orson walking toward her from the corner of her eyes.
###Chapter 521
Needless to say, Orson was coming over to greet her.
That was when an uninvited guest appeared before him. "I didn't have an invitation, but here I am. I hope you won't about that, Master Orson!"
The man wore designer labels and held a rolled-up painting in his arms.
"Who's that? He seems familiar." Bonnie was talking to herself when she heard someone's voice beside her.
"He's Grandpa's rival, Kobe Fraser. If he's here, it means something bad will happen."
Turning sideways, she looked at Kay and asked, "Where did you come from?"
"I've been waiting for you for a long time, Master! How did you get in? Also, you should've said something to me. I kept calling your phone, but no one answered." Kay held her arms and kept shaking them non stop.
"Did you call me?" She pulled out her phone and checked it.
'I didn't turn off my phone, nor are there any missed calls.'
"Did you run out of credit?" Kay asked.
"Maybe you're right."
"I'll reload it for you."
"It's..." Before she could finish her sentence, Kay had already reloaded her credit on her behalf.
"There, it's done. I've reloaded a hundred and forty thousand dollars into your phone account. It'll probably last you a lifetime."
She didn't know what to say for a moment there.
"How much did you reload again? It's a joke. Isn't it?" Rhys gulped and asked.
"Is that so? Grandpa's painting goes for several million dollars a pop. So, what's so surprising here?" With that, Kay looked at Bonnie and asked, "Do you know this guy, Master?"
"Yeah. We went to the same high school."
"Oh." Kay's response was very brief. She wasn't interested in Rhys.
On the other hand, both Rhys and Titus were shocked to the core.
'This lady has just called Bonnie her 'master.' Moreover, is she Orson's granddaughter?! If that's the case, does that mean Bonnie didn't need our help to get into the art exhibition in the first place? Was this young lady supposed to get her in?'
At the next moment, Rhys couldn't help but lower his voice and asked Bonnie. "Is she Master Orson's granddaughter?"
"Why, of course." She responded.
Rhys and Titus swapped glances again. The shock in their eyes was unmistakable.
"How did you come to know her, then?"
"Back then, I saw Orson shadowboxing in the morning. His moves weren't quite precise, and I gave him some pointers. That's how I get to know both of them." She responded casually.
Both of them gasped sharply. 'Does that mean she knew Orson as well?'
"I think she's bluffing." Titus analyzed her words and said.
"What makes you think that?" Rhys asked.
"Come on. Just think about it. Master Orson is such a prestigious figure. Why would Bonnie, a nobody, come to know someone like him? With that said, I can believe that she knows Orson's granddaughter. "Just look at us. My father's a farm hand, but your family is wealthy. Didn't we get along quite fine?"
"I guess so. Perhaps she wanted to look cool. That could be why she took one step too far and deliberately said that she knew Master Orson."
Orson's face fell. If it weren't for preserving his reputation, he would've asked his men to chase Kobe out of his exhibition. "What are you doing here?"
"It's your art exhibition, Orson. I brought a painting with me so you could look at it and give me your thoughts."
He grunted coldly. "This is my art exhibition, yet you brought someone else's painting over. Are you trying to stir up trouble here?"
"Don't be mad, Orson. Why would I do something like that?"
###Chapter 522
Kobe might've said what he said, but he was here to stir up trouble.
"Really? Did you bring your painting here?"
He flashed Orson a cunning smile. "Of course not. You'll see."
With that, he asked his men to unroll his painting.
The moment Orson saw the tabby cat in the painting, he trembled. Then, he put on his glasses, pulled a magnifying glass, and inspected the painting immediately.
One of the guests didn't understand why Orson reacted the way he did.
"What's Master Orson doing?" Rhys asked.
Kay rolled her eyes and said, "You can't tell this painting's background. I don't get it. How did people like you sneak in here?"
"Well, I..." He stopped himself. Given who Kay was, he couldn't afford to throw a fit. "What's the deal about this painting, Kay?"
She didn't want to explain anything to him but did it anyway for Bonnie's sake.
"You know about Grandpa's painting. How is it that you don't know about the traditional master painter, who's even more prestigious than him?" Rhys mulled it over for a while before his eyes widened in shock.
"D-Do you mean the esteemed traditional master painter who loves drawing tabby cats?! Are you talking about Master Kieran Johnston?!" "Exactly. Now, you get it."
"Who is he supposed to be? What's so great about Master Kieran, exactly?" Titus was thoroughly oblivious to paintings. So, he was very curious.
Rhys explained, "He's one of the greatest traditional master painters in the world. He made his appearance seventeen years ago and astounded everyone.
"He made a painting based on a tabby cat, and it received critical acclaim from countless traditional master painters. His painting came to be sold for a hundred forty million dollars in an auction!" Titus couldn't help but gasp heavily.
"A-A hundred forty million dollars? Really? How could a painting go for that much money?"
Bonnie pondered and searched her memory. "I was still very young back then. I think the exact amount is forty million and seven hundred dollars."
Rhys and the others looked at her abruptly. "How do you know that?"
She didn't respond to him.
Some onlookers who knew about art huddled around the tabby cat painting.
"I think this is the real deal."
"You think? There's no doubt about it. This is the real deal. Just take a look at its brushes. It's like the cat is alive, especially its eyes. You can just see its soul in there. It's like I'm staring into the eyes of a real tabby.
"Also, look at the stripes on its body. Every stroke was defined clearly. It even moves when we shift the painting. No ordinary painter could've created such a masterpiece."
"It looks like Kobe took this painting to Master Orson's art exhibition just to mess with him."
Kobe grinned from ear to ear. Raising his hand, he stroked his beard. "Are you done inspecting the painting, Orson? Is the painting authentic? Is it Master Kieran's painting?"
"This is outrageous!" Kay puffed up her cheeks and said, "How dare he show Grandpa up with Master Kieran's painting? Grandpa might be a phenomenal painter, but Master Kieran's artistic talent is out of this world.
"People gave her the title of 'Divine Artist' for crying out loud. How is a mortal being like my grandpa supposed to compete with a deity?"
Bonnie's lips twitched uncontrollably. "You're making too big a deal out of Master Kieran. She's just a normal human being, like us."
"I didn't! She's just that good! Grandpa told me that he had the honor of meeting the Divine Artist. She was only three years old!" Kay's eyes were full of admiration when she said it.
Rhys and Titus were straight-up dumbfounded.
'Mamma Mia! Kieran was only three years old when she drew the painting. It was already worth a hundred forty million dollars. What were we doing when we were three years old? I think we're still busy playing with mud.'
Kobe was triumphant when he realized Orson hadn't responded to him for a long time.
"I spent eighty million dollars to acquire this painting, Orson. It's the real deal. You don't have to inspect it anymore. Also, a word of advice. You should just abandon your art exhibition while you're at it."
Orson was so mad that his face turned red. That's when he heard a delicate voice.
"The painting's a fake."
###Chapter 523
'Who is it?
'Who's speaking?
'Who's the young, fearless fool that dares speak so rudely before two prestigious figures in the world of traditional painting?'
Everyone was bewildered. They swapped glances and tried to check out the speaker. Among the crowd, Rhys and Titus were so frightened that their faces turned pale. Then, they took a step back simultaneously, trying to put as much distance from Bonnie as they possibly could.
That was right. Bonnie was the one who claimed the painting was fake.
Everyone was baffled. They didn't think she'd be this audacious and make such bold claims when the place was filled with influential figures.
'We have to stay away from her and put some distance as much as possible. We have to pretend that we don't know her. She's going to drag us down with her.'
'I have a net worth of a million and forty thousand dollars. I can be as cocky as I want on other occasions. However, I'm a nobody in a place like this.
'I seriously wanted to win her heart, but I can't do that if I'm dead. I have to protect my family and my wealth now.'
"Who the hell said my painting is a fake?" Kobe's expression was as black as charcoal. He swept his eyes across the crowd sharply.
Both Rhys and Titus trembled when his gaze landed on them.
"I-It's her! She said it!" Rhys reached out and pointed at Bonnie.
"You did?" he glared at her menacingly. To his surprise, the young lady didn't flinch when she met his gaze.
'Who the hell is this young lady?'
Before he could investigate, he saw Orson walk over to her from the corner of his eyes. Then, his rival bowed and saluted her.
"You should've let me know you'd be coming, Master Bonnie. I would've welcomed you personally."
At that moment, everyone's jaw dropped to the floor, especially Rhys and Titus.
It came out of the left field for them. They dared not approach Orson because he was simply too high up. Now, however, he was showing their former high school fellow student this much respect. 'Are we dreaming?'
Both of them reached out and pinched each other's thighs without a moment's hesitation.
'Ow! It hurts!'
Bonnie nodded. "There's no need to stand on formalities, Orson."
"Of course I do. You're Master Arturo's direct disciple. More to the point, your shadowboxing skill is immaculate and flawless. You're just very modest. That's all. Otherwise, the entire world would've known who you are." His tone was brimming with admiration.
Everyone was dumbfounded again.
"Oh, my gosh! What did he just say? I can't believe this young lady is Master Arturo's direct disciple!"
"Also, Master Orson said her shadowboxing skills are immaculate and flawless. Was he serious? Will you look at how young she is?"
"I don't think he's lying! After all, it's Master Orson we're talking about here. Furthermore, didn't you notice how he addressed her as 'Master Bonnie?' He even bowed and saluted her."
Rhys and Titus's jaws dropped. Their eyes widened in surprise, too. Staring at her, they heard the onlookers giving her praise after praise. They simply couldn't process what they were seeing and hearing.
Kobe walked over. He looked at her and smiled, "Are you Master Arturo's disciple? That's neat. You're so young, though. Am I right in saying you're his latest disciple?
"Anyway, it doesn't matter how much you excelled in shadowboxing. You're standing in an art exhibition here. This is not where you shine. Did you just say my painting is a fake?" "Yeah, I said it." She nodded and admitted to it.
"Intriguing. Everyone here, including Orson, doesn't think the painting is a fake. So, what makes you so sure about your claim?"
She maintained her composure and said leisurely, "It's no surprise that you couldn't tell that it's a fake. After all, there aren't a lot of Kieran's paintings left in the world. It's normal for you guys to miss out on some details because you don't have another authentic painting to compare it with."
###Chapter 524
"Oh?" Kobe raised his brow. "Judging by your tone, you must be insinuating you have an authentic painting of Master Kieran's."
"I guess you can say that," Bonnie responded casually.
That was when everyone lost it.
"Did she just say she has it? If that's the case, her net worth is easily more than a hundred and eighty million dollars!"
Rhys heard that. Then, he thought about how he had earlier boasted about his net worth of one million and forty thousand dollars to her. All of a sudden, he felt like such a clown.
Titus looked awful as well. After all, he kept badmouthing Bonnie the moment he met her. Worse, he looked down on her as well.
Now, however, it seemed as if he was the clown all along.
"Do you have it? A-Are you serious?!" Kobe was so shocked that he was stuttering.
Even Orson was staring at her with sparkling eyes.
'Master Kieran has only ever made a few paintings in her lifetime. Out of the few of them, only a couple of them were put up for auction. One of them was purchased by a wealthy foreign businessman, while the other one was purchased by the richest family in Pyralis, the Knights.
'Now, it seems Bonnie possessed Master Kieran's painting. Oh, my. I'm already in love with the painting now! I love it so much that I might rob it from her."
Instead of going down this topic, she walked over to Kobe's painting and pointed at the tabby cat. "Over here. The color isn't right on this tuft of fur.”
"What do you mean?" He squinted and asked.
"There's something wrong with the stripes."
"How is it wrong?"
"The color of the stripes over here looks light when it should've been darker." The tabby cat in her hometown had been with her since she was very young. So, she remembered every single detail about it. "Heh!" He sneered. "What makes you think your words mattered? The way I see it, you're just trying to help Orson out. That's why you're spouting nonsense right now."
Orson's brows furrowed. 'Did Bonnie make this story up just to help me out?'
"Thanks for your help, Master Bonnie, but I honestly think this is the real..." "What's the matter? Don't you believe me?" She asked dryly.
Looking at her confident bearing, he thought she must know a lot about Kieran's painting. Moreover, he believed that she had been telling the truth all the while.
"That's enough, Bonnie. You're done here. Please leave." Kobe smirked and looked at her. The mockery in his eyes was unmistakable.
She looked back at him casually. "It's easy to see if I'm telling the truth. You've got a picture of the authentic painting on the internet. Why don't you just search for it and compare it with your painting here?" "I've got it right here, Master." Kay pulled out her phone and hooked it up to the big screen in the exhibition.
"Gee! I think you spoke the truth, Master. There's a slight difference in the color of the tabby cat's neck when you compare it with Master Kieran's authentic painting. It would've been nearly impossible to see it if you hadn't pointed it out."
Kobe's face fell for just a second. "The picture you searched might not have been the real deal. Also, the colors might change because of the flashlight from the camera. So, it doesn't accurately depict the genuine color."
"How shameless!" Kay pointed at him and yelled.
"I'm an elderly person, Kay. It won't do for you to speak to me in that way. If I didn't know better, I would've thought your parents did a poor job raising you. Hahaha!”
"Why, you... You old..." Before she could finish her sentence, Bonnie stopped her.
Bonnie stared at Kobe coldly and said, "Does this mean you're not going to admit that your painting is a fake until you see the real deal?"
###Chapter 525
"That's right."
'I'm very confident that my painting is authentic. After all, I spent a hundred and eighty million dollars to acquire it. There's no way I'd make a mistake.' "Fine. I'll bring the original painting here."
What she said sent the crowds into another shock.
Kay gulped and asked, "Did you bring Master Kieran's painting with you, Master?"
"Nuh-uh, but I know someone who has it."
"Who might that be?"
"The wealthiest and most powerful family in Pyralis. The Knight family."
Kobe couldn't help but burst out laughing at what she said.
"Of course, the Knights have it. However, do you honestly think they'll take it here just because you say so? Who do you think you are?"
The next moment, someone at the entrance yelled, "The Knights are here!"
'The Knights?! Really?'
Everyone turned their gaze toward the door unanimously. Floyd showed up with a dozen of the Knight family's top bodyguards.
"I recognize the emblems on their uniforms. It's true. They're the Knight family's fearsome bodyguards."
"I can prove it, too. The man at the front of the group is the assistant of the head of the Knight family. He frequently represented them in various events and outings."
Titus's eyes were widened in shock. He fixed his gaze on Floyd and said, "I know he isn't the head of the Knight family, but he looked so cool nonetheless! It will make me look good if I tell my friends that I met the assistant of the head of the Knight family!"
"You're right! He is the assistant of the head of the Knight family! I should take some pictures." Rhys pulled out his phone quietly. Before he could take some shots, he saw Floyd walking toward Bonnie and bowed at her respectfully.
"Mr. Ivor asked me to bring you the painting, Ms. Bonnie."
His hands quivered uncontrollably. The next thing he knew, his phone fell to the floor. It wasn't just him. Even Titus and the rest of the onlookers had similar reactions.
Bonnie looked at the painting in Floyd's arms, surprised. "How does he know that I need the painting now?"
Floyd smiled. "Mr. Ivor loves you more than life itself. Naturally, he keeps tabs on you and what you do."
Her lips twitched uncontrollably at that.
'Did Floyd pick up Ivor's speaking pattern or something? He also has a way with words. Ivor sent him to stalk me, but he said in such an unapologetic manner. On top of that, he managed to spin it so that it almost sounds like a confession of love.'
Then, she reached out and patted him on the shoulder.
"You've done well this time. He'll reward you handsomely when you report everything to him."
Floyd grinned from ear to ear, revealing his white teeth. "I owe it to you, Ms. Bonnie."
She didn't have a good comeback for that.
###Chapter 526
"Unroll the painting."
"Copy, Ms. Bonnie."
Floyd gave the order for the bodyguards to do so immediately.
Kobe knew that he'd be the joke the moment he saw Floyd greet Bonnie.
'This explains why she could tell my painting is a fake. It turns out she's extremely close to the head of the Knight family. Of course she could see Kieran's painting whenever she wanted to. Otherwise, she couldn't have been so sure that my painting was fake.'
After the painting Floyd brought was unrolled, everyone compared both of the paintings in the area that Bonnie pointed out. As expected, there was a subtle difference between them.
Similar thoughts ran through everyone's heads. 'Truth be told, no one would've been able too catch the difference unless they inspected it closely with a magnifying glass. How did Bonnie see it exactly?'
The art exhibition came to a close and Orson saw her out with a smile on his face.
"I'm very curious about something, Ms. Bonnie. I'd appreciate it greatly if you could clarify it for me."
"There's no need to speak so formally, Orson. Go ahead."
"Alright, then. I'll get straight to the point. I don't think you could've told that Kobe's painting was a fake, even if you stared at Master Kieran's painting every day.
"If I'm correct, this isn't about you gluing your eyeballs to Master Kieran's painting in the Knight Villa every single day. There's more to it."
Orson didn't form his theory out of thin air, either. After all, Kobe spent a hundred and eighty million dollars on it. His rival must've spent a long time studying it and only bought once he was sure the painting was authentic.
Moreover, she was able to see that Kobe's painting was a fake in less than a minute.
"That's why I deduced that you're very intimate with Master Kieran's works. D-Do you know her in person, Ms. Bonnie?"
She raised her delicate brows and looked at him.
'I didn't think Orson is still this logical and calm. It took him a short time to analyze the situation in this meticulous manner.' "Yeah. I guess you can say that."
Orson's eyes sparkled when he heard her response. "I have a rather crude request, Ms. Bonnie. I've admired Master Kieran for my entire life. Can you please put in a good word for me and tell her that I want to be her apprentice?"
That stunned her a little. "U-Um... This might be too..."
He was worried that she might turn him down. So, he added hastily, "The truth is that I have had the honor of seeing her once."
"You've seen me... Ahem... Her. You've seen her before?" She almost let the truth slip.
He was still gripped with excitement, and didn't notice the loophole in her words. He kept going. "Master Kieran has just shown her face once. I saw her at an auction seventeen years ago. She was merely three years old then.
"I just so happened to be sitting next to her. However, I didn't know who she was back then. I simply thought she was one of the bidder's daughters. Then, I saw her walking out of the venue all by herself. "She was just a three-year-old child, and no adults were accompanying her. She was about as old as Kay. I got worried that she might run into some problems if she went out alone. So, I tailed her. "As expected, there were two malicious thugs who followed her. They were going to kidnap her, but I ordered my bodyguards to subdue them.
"I still couldn't stop worrying about her after that. So, I continued to tail her to a candy store. The store owner wouldn't sell her candy because she was just a child. So, I stepped forward and bought the candy for her."
At that moment, she was staring at him, surprised.
'I seem to recall that someone bought me candies in the past. However, I didn't know that he subdued the thugs and kept me safe.
'I did learn some shadowboxing skills from Master Arturo back then, but I was still so young. It was nearly impossible for me to defend myself if the bad guys snuck up on me. Things might have gotten more complicated if he had not taken care of them.
Orson continued. "Once the auction started, I returned to the auction with Master Kieran. That was when I got to know that the insanely expensive painting was drawn by the same three-year-old girl. "Imagine my surprise when I finally found out about it! I wanted to be her apprentice back then, but I guess it just wasn't meant to be. I can't find her after the auction ended."
Then he sighed heavily. Evidently, he was feeling sorry for himself.
"With that said..." He added and looked at her with hope in his eyes. "I found out that you knew Master Kieran in person today. This must be the universe's way of letting me see her again. Perhaps it is my destiny to become her apprentice after all!"
###Chapter 527
Bonnie was in a difficult position.
'I probably would've taken Orson as my apprentice. After all, he did help me and kept me safe from the thugs. However, Kay is already my apprentice. Am I supposed to take her grandfather as my apprentice as well? Isn't that going to mess things up?
'I mean, is Kay supposed to treat him as her grandfather or a fellow apprentice?'
These thoughts culminated in a terrible headache. She rubbed the side of her head.
Orson saw her reaction and fell into deep thought.
'Is this a tall order for her? Perhaps she isn't as well acquainted with Master Kieran as I thought.'
"You should forget about what I said if I put you in a difficult position." He sighed heavily.
"It is quite difficult, but..." She added, "It might be impossible for her to take you in as an apprentice, but she could certainly show you some pointers."
"Really? Are you being serious now?!" He was as excited as a young man.
Kay was standing not far from them. She saw her grandfather's reaction and scratched the back of her head.
Then, she asked Rhys and Titus, who were standing next to her, "What are they talking about? Why is he acting like a child with her?"
In fact, both of them saw it too. There were no words that could describe what they were feeling now.
Bonnie nodded. "Yeah. Showing you some pointers is fine, but I don't think she has the time now."
'It'd have to wait until after the International Scientific Research Conference. Then, I'll disguise myself as Kieran and meet up with him.'
"Okay! Just let me know after you've confirmed the time. I've waited for her for seventeen years. I can afford to wait a little longer." He might've said that, but he was very eager to see Kieran. The earlier, the better.
"It's decided, then. I have some matters to attend to. I'll be taking my leave now."
She was about to hail a cab when Rhys came over excitedly. "W-Where do you stay, Bonnie? I'll give you a ride home."
Titus pursed his lips. He was Rhys's best friend, and he could tell that Rhys was trying to elevate his social status by making connections with her.
"That won't be necessary. I'll just hail a cab." She was worried that Ivor might become jealous again if he saw it.
"It's no trouble at all. You're going to have a hard time hailing a cab at a time like this. Don't worry, I'll just drop you off at the neighborhood gates. I'll steer clear of your place."
Rhys thought he was being smart. 'I'm sure Bonnie didn't want me to send her back because she's worried that her family might see me and make things complicated.'
Bonnie looked at the street. What he said was true, there wasn't a single cab around here.
"Alright, then. Thanks for doing this."
"Come on, we're old friends. There's no need to be this formal. Alright. Hop in."
She opened the door and sat in the backseat, while Rhys and Titus sat in front.
"Where do I drop you off?" Rhys asked as he turned around.
"Lenfield Resort."
"Huh?" He blinked in response.
She thought he didn't catch what she said. So, she repeated herself. "Lenfield Resort."
Both of them exchanged glances and saw that they were both shocked to the core.
"D-Do you mean the newly developed neighborhood that's insanely expensive? Is that the Lenfield Resort you're talking about?"
"As far as I know, there's only one Lenfield Resort in Pyralis," she answered.
Both of them gasped in response.
After all, that's one of the most luxurious neighborhoods in Pyralis. Rumor has it that only the richest and most powerful people had a place there. They were in shock when someone knocked on the window at the driver's side.
"Who is it?"
Rhys came to his senses and lowered the window. His jaw almost dropped when he found himself staring into an exceptionally stunning face. 'How is it possible that someone this handsome even exists? We're all humans, but why do we look so different from each other? The universe isn't fair!' "Um... Is there anything I can help you with?"
Ivor said dryly, "I'm here for my fiancé."
"Huh?" Rhys was obviously stunned. "Why would you knock on my window when you're looking for..."
He hadn't even finished his sentence when he whipped his head around and looked at Bonnie.
###Chapter 528
Bonnie opened the car door and walked over to Ivor.
"Didn't you say you were busy and couldn't pick me up?"
"Did you buy that?" He chuckled before taking off his coat and putting it on her. She felt the warmth from his coat, but the truth was that his gesture warmed her heart as well. "Damn! Her fiance is stunning!" Titus's eyes sparkled as he stared at Ivor. "I mean it, too. I'm straight, but I'm willing to go home with him."
Rhys's lips twitched uncontrollably at that. Turning around, he realized his best friend was almost drooling over Ivor.
'He didn't even have any reaction when he saw Bonnie earlier. She's a beauty, too. Give him a good-looking guy and he slobbers over him. Could it be that he likes guys?' "It doesn't mean anything to have good looks. Bonnie could be his sugar mommy for all we know."
He saw Floyd, who showed up at the art exhibition earlier, walking over to Ivor.
"I've done everything you asked for, Mr. Ivor."
"Hmm. Well done."
Rhys gulped heavily before looking at Titus. "D-Did you see the way the Knight family's assistant addressed the handsome guy?"
"I-I heard it. H-He's treating the handsome guy the way he would a boss."
At the next moment, both of them gasped.
'Wait! Bonnie's boyfriend is the CEO of the Knight Group! How crazy is this? We have to tell our friends about this.'
Before long, they sent a group text to their high school friends.
"I've got some earth-shattering news!"
The moment he sent this text, everyone popped up in the group chat and composed their replies.
"What's going on? Are you getting married?"
"I think he got a lady pregnant before marriage."
For a moment there, he wasn't sure how he should respond.
"Stop with the wild guesses. This is about Bonnie, the girl from the class next to ours. Do you guys know who her boyfriend is?"
"Are you going to tell me that you snagged her?"
This particular text made his heart pound like crazy. He turned off his phone screen and poked his head out the car window. Looking at Ivor, he realized the man was holding Bonnie and leading her into a Maybach.
'If he saw that last text, he would've broken one of my legs.'
"Cut the crap!" he texted.
Worried that his friends might make another wild guess, he decided he'd get straight to the point.
"Her boyfriend is the CEO of the Knight Group!"
The group chat was silent after that. He felt proud that he had the privilege of knowing the truth before anyone else did.
Beep!
Beep beep beep!
The texts started to come in.
"Did you have too much to drink, Rhys?"
"That's right. Even if you did, you should know that some things can't be said."
"Look, you can make up anything you want. However, if this gets out and the head of the Knight family comes after us, we will tell him you made up this crazy story."
"Where's the group admin? Hurry up and delete all of his texts."
He didn't know how to respond. Now, he finally understood why Bonnie didn't bother telling anyone about this.
Meanwhile, Ivor asked Bonnie the question he had been wanting to ask.
"We've always kept Master Kieran's painting in a safe. Never once have we hung it up for display. So, how did you figure that Kobe's painting was a fake? How did you know it wasn't Master Kieran's authentic painting?
"The error you spotted is such a tiny detail. Not even Orson or Kobe, who are both prestigious figures in the world of painting, could see it. So, how exactly did you pull it off?"
###Chapter 529
Before Bonnie could respond, he continued asking, "Do you know Master Kieran personally?"
She giggled and asked, "Just how many questions do you have, Ivor? It's just dumb luck that I saw that particular error."
"Oh. Dumb luck. I see." Ivor's lowered his eyes a little. His lush eyelashes covered his true feelings.
She could tell that he didn't quite believe her, but she couldn't be bothered to explain herself.
The next day, she went to the McLeod Villa with Ivor.
Many people were there today. Even Jordynn, who used to have a crush on Bonnie, was there. The moment she saw Bonnie, she gave the latter a weird look.
"Hmm. I think you look better when you're disguised as a man."
She proceeded to admire Bonnie's stunning face and fell into deep thought.
"What a shame. Why couldn't she have been a guy instead?"
She heard someone disagree with her. "I think Bonnie looks better when she's dressed as a lady. On top of that, she has this elegance that just accentuates her beauty." 'Who said that? Why's he f*** going against me?'
Turning around, she saw an extremely handsome man with a delicate face. Then, she paid close attention and realized who he was. It's Ezequiel Acosta, her childhood friend. "W-Where did your rugged looks go? Did you do something to your face?"
'He must've done something drastic, too. Otherwise, why would his face look so delicate?'
She wanted to see if it was real. So, she rubbed and pinched his cheeks. She couldn't find anything weird with it, though.
That wasn't all, either. His cheeks were smooth to the touch.
"W-What the hell happened to you, Ezequiel?"
He was very happy with her reaction. Casting a glance at Bonnie, he said, "Nothing. It's just Ms. Bonnie living up to her name as the miracle doctor and curing my rugged looks."
"She treated you?! Is it even possible to treat a face?" Jordynn was having a hard time closing her mouth because of how surprised she was.
Jordynn regained her composure. Then, she pinched his face again. She even walked closer to him and exhaled on his face before she continued rubbing it.
Her breath smelled so sweet that Ezequiel's blood almost froze. All he did was stand there as his heart pounded like crazy. His delicate cheeks had turned red as a result.
She hid her giggle behind her hands. Then she walked past him and turned around to look at him again, wishing they were in a relationship.
Ezequiel caught her meaning in less than a second and glanced back at her warmly.
Bonnie had walked off a short distance when she sensed that someone was following her. So, she spun around and saw Sienna reaching out for her.
"What do you think you're doing?" Her voice was both cold and menacing.
Sienna was so spooked by Bonnie's bearing that she felt a chill down her spine.
'I come from a family of military men, but I just can't help getting intimidated by her.'
She gnashed her teeth and shoved her displeasure down. "We're in my place. Do you think I'm so dumb that I'll do anything to you when there are so many people around us?" Bonnie nodded in approval. "I guess you're right. After all, you're no match for me. So, you wouldn't be so dumb to try to start a fight with me."
What she said ticked Sienna off.
###Chapter 530
However, there was more where that came from.
After all, Bonnie wasn't done talking. "That's why you tried to sneak up on me and attack me from behind." "Why, you..." Sienna pointed at Bonnie aggressively. She was so upset that she was shaking with rage.
Bonnie glanced at her nonchalantly and said, "Take my advice and stay away from me. I didn't destroy you because I respect your grandfather and his brothers. However, I'll do what needs to be done if you keep making me mad."
"Who do you think you are? Do you honestly think my grandpa has your best interests at heart? I mobilized the troops, and the authorities found out about it. That's the only reason they dished out such a severe punishment to me."
"Suit yourself. I couldn't give a damn about what you think happened. I said it once, and I'll say it again. Stay away from me. Otherwise, not even your grandpas could stop me from doing what is necessary." She brushed past Sienna as she left, causing her to stumble backward.
Turning her head around, she glanced at Sienna disdainfully. "You've truly lived a sheltered life. You lose your footing way too easily. Perhaps you should stop wasting time fighting with me and focus on working out instead."
Sienna almost lost control and roared at her. 'Damn it!'
She watched as Bonnie walked further away from her. Then, she gave chase to the latter. "Are you brave enough to have a match with me?"
However, Bonnie simply strolled on as if she didn't hear her.
"Heh! You better walk away! I thought you were kind of tough at first. Now, it's clear that you're nothing but a chicken!"
Bonnie stopped in her tracks when she heard what Sienna said.
"I'm aware you're trying to get on my nerves. With that said, I'm a guest at your birthday party. So, I guess I do have a duty to entertain you. After all, you're the birthday girl."
Sienna smiled confidently. The confidence in her eyes was unmistakable as well.
Not long after, both of them arrived at the shooting range.
Sienna wanted to humiliate Bonnie in front of everyone. So, she called every single party guest out. That included Ivor and Orpheus.
Orpheus was worried sick about Bonnie. "What are we going to do?! Bonwick has never had any practice shooting a rifle."
"How do you know that?" Ivor asked.
"We used to ask her to hang out at the shooting range all the time, but she never joined us. It's obvious that she isn't good at it!
"Jeez! I think she let her emotions get the better of her this time! I know I'm a man, but I have to give it to Sienna when it comes to marksmanship. She's exceptionally skilled at it. I'd even say nobody her age is her equal."
"That's not necessarily true. She hasn't competed with Bonnie." Ivor had absolute confidence in his fiancee.
That stunned Orpheus. "What are you basing your confidence on?"
"She's Bonnie." His eyes, which were brimming with love, were glued to Bonnie as he spoke. Then he added, "She's my fiancee."
Orpheus wanted to throw up when he heard the last part of his nephew's sentence.
"You are so hung up on her, Ivor. You have to figure out something to back Bonwick up when she loses." Orpheus was worried. "Sienna will surely mock Bonwick when she wins. She'll do everything she can to make sure Bonwick doesn't recover from the humiliation."
Sienna raised her rifle, gave Bonnie a triumphant look, and opened fire on the shooting target 10 times.
Each of her shots hit the center of the target.
"Bullseye! You go, Sienna! That's nothing short of awesome! You're such a badass!" The young fellows who were kissing up to her cheered her on.
Then, someone sent word to Leo and the others.
Theo McLeod said, "Sienna is stirring up trouble again, Leo. I'm going to go over there and teach her a lesson she won't soon forget!"
###Chapter 531
"No need," Leo said.
"But Leo, it's obvious that Sienna wants to embarrass Ms. Bonita!"
Leo took a sip of his tea and looked at Bonnie. "It seems you've forgotten that three years ago Ms. Bonita accurately shot the gun out of a criminal's hands."
"I remember, but Ms. Bonita only fired one shot. Perhaps it was just luck. But now it's different, and they must hit the target 10 times!"
As soon as Theo finished speaking, Sienna continued to shoot at the target with a gun in her hand.
B*** b*** b***!
She fired another 90 shots, of which only three were 9 rings, one was an 8 ring, and the rest were all 10 rings.
"My goddess! This is too amazing!"
"Sharpshooter!"
"Sienna, you're so awesome!"
The crowd was passionate and excited. They looked at Sienna as if they were looking at a heroine.
Orpheus slapped his forehead. "It's over. Sienna's skills have improved again. Out of 100 shots, she hit the 10-ring with 96 shots. Is she human? Are you sure she's not a reincarnation of a sharpshooter?"
He noticed that Ivor was still calm.
"Why do you look so unconcerned? Do you think Bonwick can still win?"
Ivor nodded. "Hmm, she can."
"Because she's your woman?" Orpheus asked with a smirk.
Ivor grinned. The answer was obvious.
Orpheus rolled his eyes.
As she set the gun down, Sienna gave Bonnie a fiercely proud smile.
"Bonnie, you're not having good luck today, while I seem to have divine favor. Today, my performance has exceeded my usual level. I fired 100 shots, and 96 of them hit the 10-ring. It seems you are destined to lose today."
Bonnie's beautiful phoenix eyes showed no ripple of emotion.
"How do you know that I'm destined to lose today?"
"Haha! It seems you're not convinced! Bonnie, should I admire your courage or mock your ignorance?"
Bonnie remained calm and composed. She casually tucked away loose strands of her hair and spoke calmly, "Defeating you is easy, but playing like this is too boring. How about we make a bet?" Sienna burst into laughter as if she had heard the funniest joke.
Then, she shouted, "Bonnie, are you trying to make me laugh to death? With my high hit rate, you still want to beat me?"
Many people joined in the laughter and ridicule.
"Did you hear that? Bonnie said she could beat Sienna. Dream on."
"Yeah, it's just a dream."
"Haha, your words are too harsh!"
As these few people were mocking, they suddenly felt an icy gaze. They were terrified into silence as they turned around and saw Ivor's eyes cutting through them.
Orpheus observed all of this and had to admit that his father's choice of Ivor as the family head was not without reason. Apart from his father, only Ivor had such a compelling aura.
###Chapter 532
Even his uncle, despite his seniority, was intimidated to the point where his hair stood on end.
Ignoring the crowd's ridicule, Bonnie calmly looked at Sienna and said, "Laugh all you want. You'll have time to cry later."
"Hmph! Fine, I'll bet with you. If I lose, I'll write my name backward!"
Sienna couldn't stand Bonnie's arrogant demeanor. Soon, she would see Bonnie in a pitiful state of defeat.
"Agreed, but that's not enough."
"What else do you want to bet on?"
Bonnie thought momentarily and said, "In addition to writing your name backward, from now on, you'll keep your distance whenever you see me."
"I don't need to keep my distance. How about this? Whoever loses will become the servant of the winner. How about that? Are you brave enough to play? If you're not, say in front of everyone here that you'll never flirt with Orpheus again."
'What an idiot!' Bonnie was speechless. She had explained her relationship with Orpheus many times. Yet Sienna still thought she was interested in him.
"Fine."
Sienna handed the gun to Bonnie. "Don't waste everyone's time. Delaying won't improve your shooting-"
Before she could finish the last word, Bonnie's gunshot interrupted her.
B***.
Three points.
"Hahaha. I thought she was so good, but she only got three points. Isn't that pathetic? I could hit the target even with my eyes closed!"
"That's right. I thought Bonnie had some skill to challenge Sienna, but she's just blindly confident!"
"Don't keep shooting! It's so embarrassing! Come down quickly! Don't worry, we won't laugh at you. We'll just laugh loudly."
"Damn! You're so shameless! But you hit the nail on the head! Bonnie, come down!"
Theo and Roy watched anxiously and said, "Leo, let's go and help Ms. Bonita. We can't let these brats continue to insult and mock her."
"Ms. Bonita is focused on her research and has no spare time to practice shooting! These little brats are so daring to mock her. They wouldn't dare if they knew her true identity!"
Leo looked at Bonnie's calm face. His old eyebrows furrowed deeply as he stroked his beard.
"Don't rush. Let's wait and see."
"But Leo-"
"Stop talking, and let's continue to watch. If it comes to the point where we need to intervene, I'll tell Sienna about Bonnie's identity and let her know the consequences of continuing to oppose Bonnie." Leo had long had this idea.
Even though Bonnie's identity was private and shouldn't be revealed, he feared that if Sienna kept acting this way, something terrible would happen.
"No! I have to go and bring Bonwick back! This matter started because of me. I can't just stand by and watch Bonwick be humiliated by them."
Orpheus was anxious to rush forward. However, as soon as he took a step, he was held back by Ivor.
"Wait a little longer."
"Wait? Until when?"
Ivor watched Bonnie with the same cold and mysterious eyes he had before. Looking at the determination in the girl's eyes, he did not believe Bonnie would lose.
As for that shot just now, it was probably just a careless mistake on her part.
While he was contemplating, Bonnie closed her eyes slowly and opened them wide, emanating a fierce determination from her eyes.
###Chapter 533
She raised the gun and fired so fast that people's eyes couldn't keep up. Ears were buzzing, and each shot hit different positions.
However, no one dared to ridicule or mock her this time. With each shot, two words gradually appeared on the target.
"McLeod."
"Sienna."
That's right. It was Sienna's name written backward.
Not a single shot was missed, nor was any shot redundant. All shots were precise, perfectly displaying the three characters "Mcleod Sienna" in front of everyone.
This marksmanship was akin to hitting the bullseye every time, made even more impressive by Bonnie's recent consistent shooting speed. Such marksmanship was superior to Sienna's. Everyone present was stunned by Bonnie's marksmanship. They stood there dumbfounded while staring straight at the target.
Someone swallowed nervously, followed by a chorus of gasps.
"My god! That's my Bonwick!"
Orpheus was utterly impressed. He had always admired Bonnie from the bottom of his heart, and now he was so impressed that he couldn't express it in words.
He patted Ivor on the shoulder. "Ivor, if you don't take good care of Bonwick, I won't recognize you as my nephew."
A smile tugged at the corners of Ivor's mouth, and his eyes focused on Bonnie. There was no room for anyone else.
"Don't worry, I stake my life on it. I'll keep her by my side for the rest of my life."
"Yeah, it's good that you're determined!"
Some were happy, and some were worried. Those who had flattered Sienna and spoken ill of Bonnie just now wished they could find a hole to hide in. "Good job!" Leo shouted and applauded.
Roy and Theo did the same.
Leo approached Bonnie and looked at Sienna. "Now that your name is written backwards, you should fulfill the rest of the bet."
"Grandpa!" Sienna protested unwillingly.
"What? Do you want to renege on the bet?" Leo's expression turned stern. "Every member of the McLeod family is upright and honest, a man of their word. Are you trying to go back on your word in front of everyone?
"If that's the case, you can pack up and leave. We don't want descendants who don't keep their promises!"
Sienna could tell that Leo wasn't joking.
Of course, she didn't think her grandfather was doing this for Bonnie. Leo valued his reputation the most. She had just made a bet with Bonnie in front of so many people. If she broke her promise, his reputation would suffer.
Sienna gritted her teeth and looked at Bonnie. "I can fulfill the bet, but I hope you won't go too far."
Bonnie smirked. "Right now, you're my servant. You'll do as I say. What right do you have to negotiate with me?" "Hey-"
"Don't 'hey' me."
Sienna felt choked.
###Chapter 534
"Remember, if you want to live comfortably in the future, start by behaving well. At least don't be arrogant in front of me. Otherwise, I'll show you what 'going too far' means."
Sienna was furious, but she still had to submit to Bonnie.
Watching the obedient Sienna, Bonnie placed her hand on Sienna's head, like she was petting a puppy. She said with a smirk, "Not bad. A wise person submits to circumstances. You can be taught." 'Endure! I must endure!' Sienna ground her teeth so hard it hurt.
"Alright, we've played enough for now, and everyone must be tired. It's time for dinner." Leo ordered the kitchen to bring out the food.
Ivor took Bonnie's hand. "Let's go over there."
"I'm a little hungry anyway." Bonnie walked toward the dining table with Ivor.
Adele approached Sienna.
Watching Bonnie and Ivor leave, she couldn't help but say, "Sienna, I think you might have misunderstood. They seem to be a couple."
"You've been in the entertainment industry. Can't you see through these acting tricks?"
"Acting? I don't think so. Mr. Ivor looks at Bonnie like she's his whole world."
"I think your eyesight is bad. I saw Orpheus constantly whispering to Ivor, probably begging him for help."
Sienna then analyzed confidently, "I also saw Ivor wanting to make intimate moves with Bonnie many times, but she awkwardly refused. If they were together, why would she react like that?"
"I overlooked that. But if it's as you say, and Bonnie always resists Mr. Ivor's closeness, then you're probably correct. They can't be a couple." Adele nodded in agreement.
As dinner began, Ivor kept peeling shrimp and removing fish bones for Bonnie. When he noticed her wine glass was empty, he promptly refilled it.
Sitting across from them, Sienna whispered to Adele, "See that? Bonnie rolled her eyes at him and gave him a look like, 'That's enough, don't overdo it. After all, I am Orpheus's girlfriend and will be your aunt- in-law someday.' It should be something like that."
"I see..." Adele felt something was off. Things seemed to be different from what Sienna had analyzed.
"You sound like you don't believe me. Just wait and see. They'll soon reach their limit with this act."
"How do you know?"
"Because I know Ivor. He's never been interested in women. Orpheus must have begged Ivor for help, so he reluctantly agreed."
While the two were whispering, Bonnie reached under the table. She pinched Ivor's thigh, then gestured with her eyes as if to say, 'Enough! There's too much food. How can I eat it all? Even if you want to show affection, there should be a limit.'
Feeling the pain in his thigh, Ivor felt sweet inside and looked back at Bonnie. He seemed to answer, 'Keep going. If you pinch me, it means you care.'
'Is that so?' Bonnie continued to exert force.
Ivor endured the pain until the vein on his temple bulged.
Sienna and Adele saw this scene.
"Look at the bulging vein on Ivor's forehead. I guess they can't keep up the act anymore."
"It seems like it."
"What are you doing?!" Bonnie gritted her teeth and blushed.
Ivor brought his lips close to Bonnie's ear and exhaled. "You've pinched me, and now you're leaving? Whoever pinches should comfort the other with a gentle massage."
###Chapter 535
The more she rubbed his thigh, the more inappropriate it felt.
The man gripped Bonnie's hand and gradually moved upward.
"Don't go too far!" Bonnie glared at him.
"See, they can't keep up the act anymore. Look at Bonnie's eyes. She's almost devouring Ivor. And look at his expression, smiling but with hidden malice as he looks at Bonnie like he wants to devour her too." Sienna analyzed.
"I'm impressed. It seems you're right." Adele admitted she had misjudged. "You're quite sharp."
"Sharp enough, but mainly because I know Ivor. He's never been interested in women, so how could he like Bonnie?"
Bonnie suddenly pulled her hand back, and of course, Ivor also loosened his grip. Otherwise, Bonnie would have had difficulty escaping from his big palm.
"You have sauce on your mouth..." Ivor looked at the corner of Bonnie's mouth.
When Bonnie was about to wipe it off, she suddenly saw the man's handsome face coming closer. Then she felt his thin lips gently remove the tomato sauce from the corner of her mouth.
At this moment, Bonnie's heart raced to the extreme, and her pupils dilated. Her face flushed instantly.
In contrast to Bonnie's turbulent emotions, the surroundings were quiet enough to hear a pin drop. Everyone froze, watching Bonnie and Ivor.
After a few rapid breaths, Bonnie suddenly pushed Ivor away and stood up.
"Bonnie, I didn't mean to-"
Before Ivor could finish speaking, Bonnie slapped him across the face. It sounded exceptionally crisp.
"Ivor! You've gone too far!"
With an angry voice, Bonnie immediately turned and left.
Ivor slowly raised his hand, touched his face, and smiled.
They said love hurt, and it did. Although it hurt, it was a happy kind of pain. Ivor stood up to chase after her.
Adele turned to look at Sienna as if mechanically. "S-Sienna, d-do you still think... they're acting?"
Sienna was spluttering before turning to face Orpheus, who appeared pleased as he watched the couple leave.
Sienna didn't need to ask anyone else. She already had the answer.
Just as she had said to Adele, she knew Ivor well enough. He would never go this far, even if Orpheus begged him to act.
And from Ivor's earlier look at Bonnie, he appeared to be happy even after being slapped. He was completely unconcerned about the opinions of others. If this was acting, he deserved an award.
Bonnie left the McLeod residence in a huff and headed outside. She had not gone far when Ivor caught up with her.
"Bonnie!" Ivor grabbed Bonnie's hand from behind.
"Let go!"
"My Bonnie, let me explain. I did this for Uncle Orpheus."
"For Uncle Orpheus? It looks like it's more for yourself."
Ivor placed Bonnie's palm against his chest to allow her to feel his heartbeat.
###Chapter 536
"Well, you know me best. I have selfish motives, but I can't help it. Every time I see you, I just want to be close to you. I remember every word you say. I've counted your eyelashes, felt your breath up close, and imagined countless times of making you mine.
"Bonnie, do you know how much I suppress myself? I can't help it. I'm afraid of hurting you, being too hasty, and making you unhappy. Sometimes, I feel like you're the bright star I look up to, something to admire from afar.
"But I don't want to accept it. So, give me a ladder, and I'll pluck you from the sky. I will cradle you in my arms and protect you with all my heart."
The man's voice was filled with deep affection, and his eyes were as deep as the sea. Besides her, there was no room for anyone else.
Bonnie had a soft heart and felt the man's sincerity. 'How could I not be moved?'
"But you shouldn't have done that to me in front of so many people."
"You're right. I did go too far! I deserve to be hit!"
Ivor took Bonnie's hand and slapped himself in the face as he spoke. It made an audible sound.
"Y-You're insane!"
Afraid that Ivor would use her hand to hit himself again, Bonnie quickly pulled her hand back.
Sensing the girl's subtle movement, Ivor's smile widened.
"Yes, I'm insane! I'm addicted to you. What can I do? Bonnie, since you're a medical expert, can you heal me? I feel like I'm beyond cure."
Bonnie considered herself capable of always remaining calm, but she could not withstand the man's sweet talk.
"You have lovesickness. I can't cure this."
"No! You can! Only you can cure my illness." Ivor held Bonnie's hands tightly and looked deeply into her eyes. "Bonnie, are you willing to cure me?" Bonnie felt she had no escape, locked in by such profound and unrepentant eyes.
Suddenly, various cheers erupted around them.
"Say yes to him!"
"Say yes!"
Bonnie suddenly snapped out of her trance and realized many people were watching the scene, and Orpheus was particularly enthusiastic. "Bonwick, say yes! My nephew is being so sincere!"
Sienna, who had come to watch the excitement, looked embarrassed.
"Bonnie! Say yes to him. He's a really good person!" Benedict also joined in the cheering.
Ivor smiled brightly. "Bonnie, did you hear that? Everyone is very optimistic about us. Trust me, and I'll take care of you for the rest of our lives."
"I..." Bonnie didn't know how to respond for a moment.
Sensing Bonnie's dilemma, Ivor didn't rush her but slowed his pace.
"Look into my eyes and answer me seriously."
She raised her eyes as instructed and met Ivor's gaze.
"Bonnie, do you dislike me?" Ivor asked.
She shook her head.
"Since you don't dislike me, you must like me, right?" Ivor asked again.
###Chapter 537
'Does it really work that way?'
Bonnie thought carefully. Perhaps it wasn't like this with other people, but when it came to Ivor, maybe it was.
Bonnie's gaze toward Ivor became earnest.
"I've never been in a relationship because, to me, any relationship that isn't aimed at marriage is just a game. I don't enjoy such childish playacting. So, if you just want to date me, you should find someone else."
"No!" Ivor leaned closer to Bonnie's face. "I want to have children someday who will carry on our family tree. Do I look like I'm playing games?"
'Um... Is it really this straightforward? Skipping marriage and considering having children?'
Bonnie was somewhat speechless. "Also, I won't tolerate any infidelity. If you're with me, you can't flirt with others." "You've been with me for so long. You should understand me. If we talk about flirting, you're the expert, not me."
Bonnie raised an eyebrow. "You make it sound like I'm p***."
"How could that be? It's those shameless people who try to s*** you."
Bonnie just smiled and didn't say anything.
Ivor switched from holding hands to putting his arm around her waist. "So, does that mean you're agreeing?"
"I'll agree now, but you might think I'm not modest enough. So, I want to consider it for a few more days."
Ivor's face showed a mix of helplessness and indulgence.
"You're like an angel sent from heaven, specifically to torture me."
When Bonnie noticed that everyone was staring at them, she became uncomfortable. Despite her mental toughness, Bonnie was still a 20-year-old woman in her first romantic relationship, and she could not bear the attention of so many people.
"Let's go back."
"Okay, I'll listen to my future wife."
"I said not yet."
"Okay, my future wife."
After she took a shower at night, he was sitting on her bed, smiling at her.
"Future wife, have you made up your mind? I think you shouldn't be so reserved. Come on, tonight, I'm yours. Do whatever you want."
"Sorry, I haven't decided yet. You can leave."
"Don't chase me away. I can help warm the bed for you. And I can also give you a massage. My massage skills are pretty good. If you don't believe me, lie down and let me give you one."
Bonnie's intuition told her that if she let Ivor massage her tonight, she wouldn't be able to escape from his clutches. He was a wolf who had been pent up for over 20 years, and she'd be left with nothing but bone scraps.
Before Bonnie could finish her thoughts, his strong hand had already fallen on her nightgown.
It seemed like he wanted to help her u***.
Bonnie pointed her finger toward the door. "Get out."
"Okay, I won't do anything." Reluctantly, Ivor withdrew his hand from Bonnie's body.
"If you don't leave now, I won't consider anything between us."
Ivor quickly got up from the bed, but he walked slowly while throwing her backward glances with a pitiful expression. He hoped she would change her mind.
Bonnie didn't call him back, and he ultimately left and closed the door behind him.
###Chapter 538
Bonnie stared at the tightly closed door, unable to shake off the image of the man's pitiful expression.
"Haha!" She couldn't help but burst into laughter. Ivor looked quite cute in that way.
Boom!
Suddenly, thunder rumbled in the sky. It seemed like a heavy rain was about to pour down.
Bonnie walked to the window to close it. Just as she approached, she saw Keenan standing right below her window.
"Why are you here?"
"To protect you."
"It's fine to be in the next room. There's no need to stand under the window. Besides, it's about to rain heavily. You should go back."
"No, I've noticed footprints under your window these past few days. It was my negligence."
Hearing this, Bonnie glanced toward the doorway again. Ivor had been climbing up to her window for several days.
"It's not your fault. If anyone's to blame, it was a shameless person."
As Bonnie spoke, the rain poured down heavily.
"You should go back to your room. Be careful not to catch a cold."
"I won't. I used to get caught in the rain often and had never gotten sick. You don't need to worry about me."
This stubborn guy could not be stopped. Well, she would let him be. As the rain got heavier, he would leave on his own.
In the middle of the night, Bonnie was awakened by thunder. Listening to the sound of rain hitting the window, she knew it was pouring even harder now. 'Is Keenan still down there?'
Bonnie was worried, so she got up and went to the window. She saw that he had passed out and was drenched by the rain.
She brought him back to the room. He had a high fever, fluctuating between fever and chills throughout the night.
Bonnie had planned to take him to Jim's hometown today, but now it seemed she would have to go alone.
Jim's hometown was far from here. She took a flight at 6 a.m. and then changed buses until she arrived at Jim's district in the afternoon. After getting off the bus, Bonnie frowned. 'Damn it, I forgot which neighborhood I'm supposed to go to.'
At this moment, a BMW approached from afar. The Holden siblings, Kramer and Elsa, were in the car.
"Hey, can you drive faster? Jim's grandparents' birthday banquet is about to start. We won't make it in time."
The girl wore a light yellow knitted dress with delicate and cute makeup on her face. She dressed up like that to get more attention from Jim.
"Tsk tsk. You're always talking about him. Elsa, Jim has finally come home. If you can't seize this opportunity, you two have no chance. You should pursue someone else," Kramer Holden commented. "You're still a bachelor yourself."
"Hey! How dare you talk to your brother like this? I'm single because none of the girls in the district appeal to me, not because I can't find a mate."
"Oh! Then please, Mr. Handsome Kramer, what kind of girl can catch your eye?" After asking, Elsa noticed that her brother had been staring out the window for a while without moving. The car suddenly stopped.
"Ouch, my head! What are you doing, Kramer?"
"Ah! S-She's so beautiful! She's like the woman of my dreams. I've decided. I'm going to pursue her!"
###Chapter 539
While Elsa was puzzled, she followed Kramer's gaze and saw the beautiful girl by the side of the road. It made her blush, and her heart beat faster even though. It was no wonder her brother was acting like this.
"Look at her. It seems like she's lost. Let me help her find her way!"
Kramer enthusiastically drove the car to Bonnie's side and rolled down the window.
"Hey gorgeous, are you lost? Where are you headed? I'm a local here, so I know every place well."
"Kramer!" Elsa rolled her eyes at Kramer. "You're scaring her. She doesn't even know you."
He felt a sense of unease. 'Indeed! We don't know each other. My overly enthusiastic demeanor might frighten any ordinary girl. Oh no, what if she runs away?' Then he heard Bonnie's calm and composed voice. "You're a local? Are you familiar with this place?"
Kramer stared at Bonnie. What surprised him was that this girl didn't seem to be afraid at all. Could she be inexperienced and naive, so she had no worries? "Yes, where are you headed? Don't worry, my sister is also in the car. We're good people."
Good or bad, Bonnie wasn't afraid at all. If she encountered a bad person, the one who should be afraid was the bad person.
"I don't know exactly where I'm going."
Bonnie's answer made Kramer pause. "You don't know? Then..."
"Do you know Jim Ray?" Bonnie asked.
Kramer was stunned for a moment, then glanced at Elsa.
"Why are you looking for Jim?"
Hearing this answer and seeing their reactions, Bonnie guessed that they probably knew him.
This wasn't too surprising. After all, Jim was well-known both domestically and internationally. The locals in the county town would surely know a celebrity like him.
"Today is the joint birthday celebration for his grandparents. I came to wish him."
Elsa scrutinized Bonnie with a look of jealousy. "You don't even know Jim, right? I don't know how you found out about the birthday banquet, but you better come clean. Are you trying to get to know my Jim and s*** him?"
She deliberately emphasized "my Jim" to declare that Jim belonged to her and not to try anything with him.
"Elsa, you're too harsh. Don't make baseless accusations if you don't know the truth, okay?"
Kramer was afraid that his sister would anger Bonnie and make her leave.
"Kramer! Don't be fooled by her fox-like face. She doesn't even know where my Jim lives. Obviously, she doesn't know him. She doesn't know my Jim but wants to attend the birthday banquet. Doesn't this reveal her ulterior motives?"
"Elsa! You're going too far! Clearly—"
"Wait a minute!" Bonnie interrupted their argument. "It's getting late. Can you take me there first? I'll pay for the ride."
"Wow!" Elsa asked, "Did we promise to take you?"
Facing Elsa's hostility, Bonnie smirked, "If you take me there, won't you find out if I really know Jim or not?"
"I don't want to take you there. If I do, you'll s*** my Jim."
"Haha!" Bonnie laughed. "So in your mind, Jim is just a shallow person who judges by appearance?"
"You're the shallow one! My Jim is discerning and wise, with keen eyesight. He can see through everything at a glance."
"If that's the case, why are you so afraid to take me there?"
###Chapter 540
Bonnie was using psychological tactics.
"Who's afraid? I-"
"Since you're not afraid, then open the door."
Bonnie's words almost choked Elsa.
"Alright, alright. Elsa, stop messing around. Whether this lady knows Jim or not, her intentions are good. She came all this way to wish Jim's grandparents a happy birthday." Kramer opened the car door for Bonnie and let her in.
"Hmph!" Elsa turned her head away in anger. "If Jim gets angry later, let's see how you handle it."
"Jim and I have grown up together. We're like brothers. How could he possibly get angry?"
"Fine! You're siding with her! You value a girl over your sister!"
Jim's house was in the center of the county town. The town was small, and Bonnie quickly arrived at the hotel where the birthday banquet was held.
Elsa couldn't wait to rush into the hotel as soon as she exited the car. Upon seeing Jim, she immediately turned into a fangirl.
"Jim, I'm here!"
"Oh, Elsa, come inside. Where's your brother?" Jim asked.
"He's parking outside." Elsa's face showed apparent displeasure when she mentioned her brother.
"What's wrong with you? Did you fight with your brother?"
"He's not my brother! He was s*** by a witch halfway through his journey. He listened to everything that witch said and even helped her argue with me."
"Witch?"
"Yes! She even claimed to know you. I think she's lying. She just wants to use my brother to get to know you and s*** you."
As Elsa spoke, she saw Bonnie walking in from the doorway with her brother.
"That's her, that witch!"
Jim was curious and looked toward the entrance. Upon seeing Bonnie, his body shook suddenly. Then he swiftly passed by Elsa with an almost frantic speed.
Elsa watched in astonishment as Jim hurried past her, feeling a sense of panic rising within her.
'Is this witch really that powerful? Just by standing at the door, she managed to lure my Jim away?'
Elsa wished she had stopped her brother from letting Bonnie into the car.
Kramer was slow to react as he watched Jim rush over. 'Isn't Jim too enthusiastic today? Didn't we just meet at the hospital a few days ago?' Before he could figure it out, Jim was already in front of him.
"Jim"
Jim's urgent voice cut him off. "Why are you here?"
Bonnie smiled. "It's your grandparents' birthday. Wouldn't it be rude of me not to come?"
Jim was deeply moved. "But it's dangerous for you to come like this!"
"It's okay. I've been safe all the way."
Suddenly, Jim remembered something and looked behind her abruptly.
"Where's Keenan? Where is he? Don't tell me you came alone!"
###Chapter 541
The tension in Jim's voice made it clear how much he cared about Bonnie.
Elsa anxiously tugged at her brother's sleeve and said, "Kramer, I've never seen Jim so concerned about someone. Could it be that they're in a relationship?"
Kramer sighed deeply. "If that's the case, I can only wish them well."
"Kramer!" Elsa stomped her foot in frustration.
"Alright, stop bothering me. They're both outstanding in appearance and talent. They're indeed quite a match."
Bonnie told Jim about Keenan's situation.
Jim gritted his teeth and said, "That brat. I chose him as your bodyguard over many other elites because of his exceptional ability and temperament. But he ended up causing such trouble and making you come here alone."
"It's not entirely his fault. He was too worried about me, so he stood under my window in the rain."
"Don't defend him. Negligence is negligence!" Jim said it sternly. "Once the birthday banquet is over, I'll escort you to Pyralis. After that is the International Scientific Research Conference, so we need to prepare in advance."
Bonnie smiled. "You don't need to be so tense. Look at how furrowed your brow is. Anyway, let's not talk about this. Where are your grandparents? I haven't congratulated them yet."
"Oh, look at me, making you stand at the door for so long. Hurry inside. If my grandparents find out you're here, they'll be thrilled. They've been wanting to meet you for a long time." "Ah!" Jim suddenly stopped and patted his forehead. "Look at me. I got so excited that I forgot everything. Your identity is special, so I can't tell my grandparents about it." Bonnie shrugged. "They're your grandparents, your closest relatives. It's fine to tell them."
Jim thought for a moment. "Let's forget about it. They're old, and their hearts aren't too good. If they get too excited-"
"Then we'll find another opportunity to tell them later," Bonnie suggested.
"Yeah, that's the only option."
Watching Bonnie and Jim chatting and laughing, Elsa puffed up her cheeks in annoyance. "I've never seen Jim chat with a girl like that."
"Me neither. It seems like Jim and her do have that kind of relationship," Kramer said with disappointment.
Elsa was even more upset. "I was the one who met Jim first!"
After saying that, she started walking toward Bonnie.
"What are you doing?" Kramer grabbed Elsa.
"None of your business!"
As Elsa approached, Bonnie was congratulating Jim's grandparents.
The elderly couple liked Bonnie more and more as they looked at her. "Jim, is this the granddaughter-in-law you found for us? The girl is lovely!"
"Grandpa, you've misunderstood. She and I are not what you think we are. We're just good friends."
Kramer followed Elsa over, and the two heard Jim's words, which made them happy.
"I knew it. It's all a misunderstanding. My Jim doesn't fancy superficial and vain witches like her. But I'm different. I never covet Jim's money. I only care about him as a person."
###Chapter 542
Kramer didn't quite agree with Elsa's words. "How do you know she's only interested in Jim's money?"
"Because I'm a woman. You wouldn't understand."
Elsa saw Bonnie take out two gift boxes. "Let's see what she gave as gifts. Judging by her shabby appearance, it probably isn't anything good."
Kramer felt that Elsa's words were unreasonable. "She came specifically to congratulate them. The thought counts more than the gift. Does it make a difference what she's giving?" "Why do you always take her side? She's the one trying to steal your future brother-in-law!" Elsa stomped her foot in frustration.
'Future brother-in-law?' Kramer shook his head silently. He had asked Jim about it before, and discovered that Jim only considered Elsa a friend.
Naturally, he had kept this a secret from Elsa out of concern for her feelings. Furthermore, telling Elsa would not make a difference. She would just keep going after him. After glaring at Kramer in annoyance, Elsa went to Bonnie.
Seeing Jim's grandparents about to set the gifts aside, she quickly said, "Ms. Bonnie specially picked out these gifts for you. Why don't you open them and take a look?"
"Well..." The elderly couple exchanged glances. Opening gifts in public was considered impolite.
Knowing their concerns, Elsa continued persuading, "Ms. Bonnie is a good friend of Jim's. She doesn't mind at all, right? Ms. Bonnie?"
Bonnie shrugged indifferently. "Go ahead and open them."
Elsa rolled her eyes, thinking Bonnie was pretending to be calm.
Everyone was curious about what Bonnie had brought and gathered around.
Jim's grandmother, Margie, opened the wooden box first, and there was a pearl necklace in it.
Elsa and the other guests had expressions of disbelief. "These pearls are so big! And each one is perfectly round. How much is this worth?"
"I work at a jewelry store. Normally, a good-quality pearl around 10 millimeters can sell for several thousand. These are at least 15 millimeters, and every pearl in this necklace is perfectly round and has excellent color. With this quality... it's probably six figures."
"My goodness! A six-figure pearl necklace? This... is way too extravagant!"
Elsa took a deep breath and thought, 'Wow, a six-figure pearl necklace! Is this Bonnie that wealthy?'
Kramer felt a bit sad. "Who is she exactly? Could she be the daughter of a wealthy family? Come to think of it, her accent sounds like someone from Pyralis. Could she be the heir of some wealthy family in Pyralis? If so, I won't stand a chance with her."
Some guests shifted their attention to the box that Melvin, Jim's grandfather, was holding.
"Take a look at what's in your box."
"Yeah! Open it up quickly."
Everyone was eager to see what the other gift was.
Elsa was curious, too. She craned her neck to see.
"Alright, alright." Melvin's hands shook slightly. After taking a deep breath, he finally opened the box.
###Chapter 543
After opening it, successive gasps could be heard. This was because lying in the box was a whiskey of extraordinary quality. "This whiskey looks rare," a liquor-savvy uncle remarked after a while.
Bonnie nodded. "I heard from Jim that Grandpa Melvin likes to drink, so I had someone acquire this for him."
"Shouldn't the value of this whiskey be the same as that pearl necklace?" Kramer couldn't help asking.
"What do you know?" The uncle retorted. "With this size and such perfect preservation, it can't be measured in terms of money."
"W-What does that mean?" Kramer was a bit confused.
"It means this kind of whiskey is priceless. It's not something ordinary people can buy."
The entire banquet hall fell silent. Only the sound of breathing could be heard.
Melvin handed the gift back to Bonnie. "Ms. Bonnie, this gift is too precious. I-I can't accept it. And that pearl necklace, we can't accept it either."
Bonnie turned to Jim, who understood and looked at his grandparents.
"You should accept them. This is her heartfelt gesture. She came all this way. Won't it be disappointing if she had to take it back?"
Although Jim was younger, his words carried weight in the family.
"Alright, since you said so, we'll accept them."
After Melvin accepted the gifts, he quietly asked Jim, "Who exactly is your friend? Why is she so extravagant?"
"I can't say now. It's inconvenient. I'll tell you after the banquet ends."
"Okay."
Halfway through the banquet, Elsa went up to Bonnie, and Kramer approached Jim.
Elsa no longer considered Bonnie a gold-digger. However, her gaze toward Bonnie was more hostile, seeing her as a rival.
"Hey, are you from a wealthy family in Pyralis?"
Bonnie shook her head and said, "No."
"Don't lie to me."
Elsa was convinced Bonnie must be. Otherwise, why would she be so extravagant?
"I acknowledge that you have better looks, background, and disposition than I do. But so what? I have a good academic record and even placed second in our county's literary competition.
"My Jim is not superficial about looks. Also, my Jim and I grew up together, so he will choose me in the end, not you."
After a sip of juice, Bonnie smiled at Elsa and said, "Good luck, strive to become Jim's wife soon, and give him children."
Elsa was speechless. She had prepared many strategies before coming over, but none could deal with Bonnie's unconventional tactics.
Kramer's gaze shifted from Bonnie to Jim.
"Are you and Bonnie not in a romantic relationship?"
"Of course not."
Kramer observed earnestly before coming to a firm conclusion.
"Seeing you like this, you're not lying." Then, he felt delighted. "Do you think I have a chance to pursue her?"
Jim had guessed his friend's interest in Bonnie when Elsa mentioned the events on the road.
###Chapter 544
"No chance."
Kramer's heart felt like it was pricked. "Um... you're being too straightforward, aren't you?"
"I don't want you to waste your time and energy."
"Where do I fall short? Is it because her family is wealthy?" Kramer asked.
"It has nothing to do with that."
"Then why did you say that?" Kramer suddenly realized something, "Are you saying she already has a boyfriend?"
Jim nodded, then spoke seriously, "That person is outstanding-so outstanding that I trust him with my life. While she may appear to be a deity to the rest of the world, I see her as a normal girl capable of pursuing happiness.
"I hope she can live an ordinary and happy life, marry, and have children like everyone else."
The more Kramer listened, the more confused he felt. "W-What are you talking about? What deity? Who is she, exactly? Why does it sound like she's very formidable? Is she a celebrity?"
Jim realized what he said earlier was inappropriate. "You don't need to take it too seriously."
Kramer scrutinized Jim. "No, you're hiding something from me."
Jim averted his gaze. "What could I be hiding from you? Stop thinking nonsense."
"No, no, no! I know you very well. You're hiding something from me. You better come clean. Otherwise, I'm calling all our old classmates over tonight to get you drunk. Let's see if you'll spill the beans!" "You've called Mitchel Young and the others, too?"
"What do you think? You've come all this way. Our old classmates definitely won't let you off. Don't refuse tonight. Let's have a barbecue together!"
Jim felt awkward and looked toward Bonnie.
Bonnie noticed this and walked over. "What's the matter?"
"I'm going to gather with some friends tonight, but you-"
"I'm fine. You can go."
After a moment of hesitation, Jim looked at Kramer. "Apologize to them for me. I can't make it."
Protecting Bonnie was the most important thing of all.
"Hey, Jim, you're not being a good friend! We've all come from far away, wanting to gather with you, but you're making excuses."
Kramer spoke while glancing at Bonnie out of the corner of his eye, sensing that Jim's decision not to go was most likely due to her.
This made him feel strange. Jim claimed he and Bonnie were not in that kind of relationship, so why was he so concerned about her? Even if they were in a romantic relationship, wouldn't it be excessive to miss a reunion out of concern for a girlfriend?
Upon reflection, he concluded that Bonnie's identity was unique, which was why Jim acted in this manner.
"Sorry." Jim furrowed his brows into a knot.
"Hey " Kramer took a deep breath and held it. He was suddenly inspired and looked at Bonnie. "Ms. Bonnie, why don't you come with us?"
"This won't do!" Jim vetoed, "The nights here are lively and full of people. What if there are bad people?"
Bonnie smiled. "What's there to fear? Don't we have Jim Ray, the king of combat? Besides, I also want to go. Since I've come all this way, wouldn't it be a loss if I didn't have some fun?"
###Chapter 545
Jim could tell that Bonnie was being considerate. "Alright, since Bonnie said so, let's go together tonight."
Kramer became increasingly curious about Bonnie's identity. He planned to dig deeper and find out who exactly Bonnie was tonight. He wanted to know why she made Jim so nervous. They went to the barbeque area at night.
Jim handed the freshly grilled meat skewers to Bonnie and said, "You can eat now."
"Okay, thank you." Bonnie took them.
Mitchel put his arm around Kramer's shoulder and whispered, "Who's this girl? Isn't she Jim's girlfriend?"
"I asked, and he said she's not."
"Is he lying to you? Look how nice he is to this girl. Have you ever seen him treat other girls like this?"
"Jim wouldn't lie to me."
"Hmph!" Elsa became more annoyed the more she looked at Bonnie. She couldn't understand why Jim treated Bonnie so well and sat close to her.
Bonnie decided to ignore Elsa's jealousy and leave the next morning, regardless of what happened tonight.
After eating and drinking for a while, Bonnie asked, "Where's the bathroom?"
Jim stood up. "It's a bit far. I'll take you there."
At this moment, Elsa volunteered, "Let me take her there. It's inappropriate for a man to accompany her to the restroom."
"That's right!" Mitchel pushed Jim back into his seat. "What's a big man like you doing following her to the restroom? Besides, you still haven't answered my question earlier. What kind of person is Ms. Bonita?" When Ms. Bonita was mentioned, all the old classmates immediately stopped eating and looked at Jim.
Bonnie suppressed a smile and followed Elsa out.
Elsa was sulking the whole time but couldn't hold it any longer. "Hey! Do you really not have any feelings for my Jim?"
Bonnie had long guessed the reason for Elsa's volunteering.
"I already have someone I like."
Elsa stared at Bonnie. "Really?"
Images of Ivor's handsome face flashed through Bonnie's mind. Thinking about it, she couldn't help but smile.
"He's quite good. I plan to give it a try with him."
A woman understood women the best. Elsa had been carefully observing Bonnie's expressions and tone when speaking, which reminded her of how she looked at Jim.
"Is it not my Jim?"
Bonnie stopped in her tracks and gave Elsa a comforting smile.
"I've said it before. You can completely trust me. He and I are friends, and colleagues too. We work together, so our relationship is naturally closer. But it's not the kind of relationship you think." "Okay, I believe you."
Just as Elsa finished speaking, she was stopped in her tracks by someone who suddenly appeared.
"Hey, pretty lady. It's boring late at night. Why don't we hang out together?"
Elsa's legs became weak with fear.
"Who are you people?" Bonnie stared vigilantly at the group surrounding them.
These people appeared to be thugs, but it was possible that they were disguised assassins sent to kill her, posing as thugs to lower her guard.
"Hey! Look at that. There's such a beautiful lady here, even prettier than the actresses on TV!" The leader exclaimed. He had a head of rose-red hair and a dragon tattoo on his neck.
Elsa's face turned pale. "Don't mess around! My brother is friends with Jim Ray, the king of combat known worldwide! If you dare to touch a hair on my head, I'll have my Jim beat you all up!"
###Chapter 546
The gang of thugs burst into laughter upon hearing this. "Did you hear that? She said she knows Jim."
"Hilarious! Little beauty, let me tell you, Jim is my brother. You won't be able to call him, but I can. Hahaha—"
Seeing that they didn't believe her at all, Elsa became even more anxious.
At this moment, the leader suddenly grabbed her clothes.
"No, don't!" Elsa was about to resist when she saw Bonnie swiftly kick the man's leg.
Crack.
That was the sound of the leg bone breaking.
The leader immediately fell to his knees and winced in pain.
Watching Bonnie handle the situation so effortlessly while the thugs g*** in agony, Elsa's worldview was suddenly overturned.
"So powerful!"
Elsa suddenly remembered what Bonnie had said earlier. She mentioned being colleagues with Jim. Could it be that she was also involved in protecting Ms. Bonita? Otherwise, how could she have such impressive skills?
"You little b***!" The leader glared at Bonnie viciously, then pulled out a dagger.
The others also drew their weapons upon seeing this.
Elsa's fear skyrocketed.
Bonnie turned to Elsa. "Go, quickly."
"But what about you?"
"Don't worry about me. Although they have weapons, they can't deal with me right away. You go first. Find Jim," Bonnie instructed as she took the initiative to attack.
Elsa eventually clinched her teeth, turned, and ran.
"That b*** is running away!" Someone shouted.
"Stop her!"
Elsa stumbled in fear, almost falling.
"You think you can hurt people right in front of me? No way!"
Bonnie acted quickly. She snatched a cell phone from one of the attackers and smashed it against the head of the person reaching for Elsa.
The cell phone landed squarely on the back of the person's head.
"Ahh!" The man collapsed to the ground.
"How amazing!" Elsa exclaimed again. She got worried watching Bonnie being heavily surrounded.
Bonnie was indeed formidable, but it's hard to fight against multiple opponents, especially when they're armed.
'No! There's no time to waste. I have to hurry back and find my Jim!'
Jim lost interest in the food after realizing Bonnie had yet to return. He continued to look in Bonnie's direction.
Mitchel saw this and teased him, "Jim, you must be lying to Kramer, right? You and Bonnie are in that kind of relationship. Otherwise, why are you so nervous about her?" Kramer also joined in. "Yeah. Jim, you've changed. You've learned to lie now."
Jim would have shot back, but he was too agitated and distracted to joke with them.
"You guys go ahead and eat. I'll go take a look."
Just as Jim stood up, he was stopped by a few of his friends.
"You can go, but you have to confess. Just admit that you and Bonnie are in a romantic relationship, and we'll let you go."
###Chapter 547
"That's right. Jim, you better confess quickly. Even if you two haven't developed that kind of relationship yet, it's probably close." "Hurry up! Hurry up!"
Jim glanced at his watch. It had been over 20 minutes, and something didn't seem right.
"Sorry!" With great strength, Jim quickly pushed aside the group of friends who blocked him.
Kramer and Mitchel exchanged glances. By looking at Jim's serious expression, they were confused and sensed something serious had happened. "Jim, what's going on?"
"I" Jim was about to speak when Elsa rushed over in a panic.
"Something's wrong!"
Jim heard this and smashed his palm on the table. Leaping up, he quickly made his way to Elsa.
"What happened? Where's Bonnie? Wasn't she with you? Hurry, tell me!"
Jim gave the impression that he was about to devour someone, which terrified Elsa so much that she nearly passed out.
Elsa had known Jim for a long time, but she had never seen him so angry. Even Kramer and the others were overwhelmed by Jim's aura.
They finally understood that Jim wasn't just their old classmate and friend. He was the true king of the world of combat.
"Speak up! Where is she?!" Jim grabbed Elsa's arm and shook her urgently.
Elsa felt so intimidated that she was unable to think clearly.
Kramer hurried over. "Jim, calm down. You're scaring Elsa. You need to calm down first."
"Calm down? How can I calm down? If anything happens to her, I'll never forgive myself." Jim clenched his fists tightly, making cracking sounds.
This statement, this aura, once again stunned everyone. 'Is it that serious?'
Kramer vaguely guessed something and then suddenly looked at Elsa. "Don't just stand there. What exactly happened? Where's Bonnie?" Elsa swallowed hard, then managed to calm down a bit.
"On our way back, we were stopped by a dozen thugs with knives. Bonnie asked me to run back and inform you, so I—"
Before she could finish her sentence, Elsa saw Jim dash off like the wind.
Kramer waved his hand and said, "Hey, let's go! Let's go save her!"
"Okay!"
The group hurriedly followed.
When they arrived, Jim was already fighting. He was punching people one after the other. Each blow left the goons on the ground, inconsolable and sobbing.
"Um, do we still need to go help?" Mitchel asked weakly.
Kramer replied, "Help with what? Clean up the bodies?"
Although Kramer's tone was calm, he was amazed.
They used to joke about and sometimes fight with their buddies, but now he was covered in goosebumps watching it unfold.
As he stared blankly, he heard Bonnie's calm voice.
"It's okay. Jim can handle it on his own."
Kramer turned to look at Bonnie.
He was surprised to find that she was unscathed after facing thugs armed with knives. It seemed she was pretty skilled herself.
###Chapter 548
"Ahh!" With a loud cry, Jim threw the final person out of the way. Then he stepped on the man's chest.
"Speak! Who sent you to assassinate her?"
The thug spat blood and quickly begged for mercy, "It's a misunderstanding! We just thought she looked good. No one sent us!"
"Not talking, huh? Then I'll keep hitting until you speak!" Jim raised his fist again.
Bonnie spoke up to stop him, "Stop hitting for now."
With just one sentence, Jim's descending fist halted.
Bonnie walked over to Jim's side. "When I fought them, I realized they had no martial arts training, just random attacks. Assassins wouldn't be like them."
Jim also noticed this. "But it's also possible that those assassins hired them to test you."
Bonnie rubbed her chin. "You make a valid point."
Elsa tugged at her brother's sleeve as she watched. She asked, "Brother, what are they talking about? What assassins? And why does Jim listen to Bonnie like she's his boss?" 'Boss!' This word stirred up a storm in Kramer's heart. His eyes burned as he stared at Bonnie. 'And her name starts with Bon!'
Not long after, the local police arrived.
"Who reported the case?" Captain Larson walked over and asked.
"It was me." Elsa pointed to the thugs lying on the ground and said, "It's them. They attacked us."
Captain Larson looked at the thugs sprawled all over the place, as well as the scattered weapons on the ground, and inhaled sharply. 'Who could beat these people up so badly?' "They were "
"It was me who beat them." Jim turned to look at Captain Larson.
"Jim!"
Captain Larson was shocked. He hadn't expected this incident to be related to their local celebrity, Jim Ray. He had to take this matter seriously. "What exactly happened?"
Jim glanced at Bonnie, then explained, "I suspect they're from an international assassin organization."
What? Captain Larson blinked and said, "These are just a few thugs. How are they related to an international assassin organization?"
'Assassinate who? Assassinate Jim? Which organization with a death wish would go and try to assassinate Jim? How could that be possible? 'Since it wasn't an assassination attempt on Jim, then who's the target?'
Captain Larson's gaze fell on Bonnie.
He wasn't sure if it was his imagination, but it seemed like Jim's gaze lingered on this girl for a few seconds longer while speaking to him. 'This girl seems extraordinary. Could she be a big shot from a wealthy family? Did an assassin organization target her for kidnapping and ransom?' "Captain Larson, can I have a word with you?" Jim invited Captain Larson to the side.
Then Kramer and the others saw an incredulous expression on Captain Larson's face, as if he had just heard some earth-shattering news.
Jim said solemnly, "You must investigate this matter thoroughly. I suspect these thugs have ulterior motives, perhaps not as simple as they appear." "Alright! I will investigate thoroughly! No one will be allowed to harm Ms. Bonita!"
After saying that, Captain Larson walked up to Bonnie and saluted her respectfully.
###Chapter 549
Elsa and the others were utterly perplexed by what they were seeing.
"W-What the heck?" Mitchel asked the question everyone wanted to ask.
Kramer wanted to respond, but he only had speculative guesses. He didn't dare to speak recklessly.
Captain Larson handed Bonnie a pen and a piece of paper.
"Can you give me an autograph?"
Bonnie was already used to it. "Sure."
She took the pen and gracefully wrote her name on the piece of paper.
'What beautiful handwriting!' Captain Larson was impressed and thought, 'Truly worthy of being Ms. Bonita! Even her handwriting embodies the pinnacle of calligraphy!'
In no time, Captain Larson finished up and took the thugs away for interrogation.
When Bonnie turned around, she saw Kramer and the others looking at her with inexplicable gazes.
Jim came to Bonnie's side. "Let me escort you back."
"Don't you want to continue barbequing with them? I'll just go back by myself."
"Your safety is more important." Jim worried that once he left Bonnie, someone might secretly target her.
Bonnie glanced at Kramer and the others. "What about them?"
Kramer stepped forward and said, "It's okay. W-We'll accompany you back together."
"All right then."
Finally, Bonnie returned to Jim's home with everyone escorting her.
After watching Bonnie enter the room, Kramer dragged Jim out.
"Quick! Tell me honestly! Who is Bonnie?"
Elsa, Mitchel, and the others all listened intently.
Jim frowned. "Well..."
"Stop beating around the bush! I'm asking you, is she-" Kramer took a deep breath and glanced back at Bonnie's room. "I-Is she Ms. Bonita?!"
'What?!' Elsa's eyes widened. 'How could someone like Ms. Bonita appear in our remote little town?'
Mitchel and the others were all speechless with shock.
After a moment of silence, Jim said, "This matter must not be leaked."
Everyone gasped at his confirmation.
"S-She-" Elsa pointed at Bonnie's room, unable to complete a full sentence for a long time.
Mitchel even pinched his thigh.
Kramer took a deep breath and exhaled heavily.
"I knew it. I had my guesses, but the truth was so shocking that I didn't dare to speculate recklessly. I could nearly confirm it when those thugs showed up, and I observed your response."
Kramer's heart remained unsettled.
"My goodness! Ms. Bonita! The leading scientific figure in our country! I never thought I would have the honor of meeting her in my lifetime, let alone grilling meat and drinking beer with her. This is enough to pass down to my descendants!"
"Me too." Mitchel nodded in agreement.
The others joined in, too.
###Chapter 550
Early the following day, Bonnie walked out the door after getting ready. Kramer and the others were standing in a line in the yard. "What's this? What's going on?"
Jim walked over to Bonnie and chuckled. "They want to shake hands with you."
Bonnie asked, "Did you tell them?"
"They figured it out themselves."
"Alright then."
Jim nodded to Kramer to signal them to proceed. This got them extremely excited.
"Come on, everyone. Don't startle Ms. Bonita." Kramer organized them calmly.
It was pretty lively that morning. After breakfast, Bonnie flew back to the Pyralis with Jim.
The following itinerary was crucial. It was time to bid farewell to Ivor.
"I'm leaving." Bonnie went downstairs with her suitcase.
Ivor frowned. "I don't want to let you go."
"It's just for a dozen days or so."
"You're so heartless."
As he spoke, Ivor hugged Bonnie's waist.
Seeing the man reluctant to let go, Bonnie didn't struggle and let him hold her.
"Let me smell your scent again." Ivor buried his face in Bonnie's neck and inhaled the unique herbal fragrance on her.
"Are you a dog? What scent could I possibly have?"
"No, you have a scent. I want to imprint it in my heart deeply. And I've also left my scent on you. When we meet again, I'll check carefully for any other lingering scent on you. If there is " Ivor's eyes narrowed, emitting a dangerous gleam.
Sensing the man's drastic change in mood, Bonnie became even more speechless. He changed at the drop of a hat.
"What will you do if there is?"
She felt the arm around her waist tighten. But she also clearly felt the man's restraint, afraid of hurting her.
"I'll make that person suffer a fate worse than death." Ivor's voice was icy.
Bonnie was silent before pushing him away.
"What about you? You attract many girls with your charming face wherever you go."
Ivor smiled and asked, "So, are you jealous?"
"Don't change the subject."
She turned slightly away from Ivor because his dazzling smile caused her heart to beat uncontrollably faster.
"Okay, I won't change the subject. I'll answer your question seriously."
Ivor spoke in a deep voice while staring at Bonnie with unwavering eyes, "I, Ivor, swear that I'll never let those women surround me. I will keep myself pure for you, Bonnie."
The man was just too sincere-so sincere that it was hard not to believe. As time passed, Bonnie felt her face getting hotter.
'Oops! If this continued, I'm afraid he'll see through me.'
Bonnie lightly coughed to relieve her emotions.
"What purity? You're already 25. Don't tell me you've never touched another woman."
Ivor pushed her down to the sofa, with his muscular chest pressing down on her. Their noses were practically in contact, as the man's attractive face was inches away. Bonnie heard the sound of her heart accelerating. She didn't know if the sound was hers or his.
###Chapter 551
"Wh-what do you think you're doing?"
Ivor smirked and stared at her with l*** in his eyes, saying, "You don't believe that I've never been with a woman, right? Since that's the case, maybe you should take me for a spin and see for yourself." Bonnie blushed when she felt his member pressing against her. "You're such a p***!"
He twirled her hair and said, "That's right, I am."
"Get away from me, or I'll beat you up!"
Ivor chuckled at that.
"What's so funny?"
Ivor leaned in and whispered, "You're so shy that it's adorable."
Bonnie shivered slightly and sighed before shoving him away. "You're stepping over the line, Ivor!"
"That's where you're wrong. I've already removed the line."
Bonnie rolled her eyes and remarked, "You're the most shameless man I've ever met."
"That's why I'm also the man who has taken advantage of you the most, right?"
Bonnie looked at him to show how much she did not want to answer that question. Instead, she said, "I'm running late and don't have time for you. I need to go."
She dragged her suitcase and headed outside, but Ivor chased after her and said, "I'll give you a ride."
When he stepped outside, Floyd stopped him. "Mr. Ivor, we must hit the road now, or you'll compromise the itinerary. We can't afford to make Ms. Bonita wait for us."
'Floyd's right. I have to forget about sending Bonnie to the airport.'
When Bonnie reached the airport, she wore a flat cap and mask to cover as much of her face as possible. Bonnie also had an army of men surrounding and protecting her. Anyone who looked their way instantly knew what was happening.
The onlookers either regarded her with curiosity or admiration.
"Look, it's Ms. Bonita! I finally get to see her in person. It's a shame I'm far away and can't see her well."
"You should appreciate being able to see her at all. You wouldn't have been able to see her without the International Scientific Research Conference, yet you wish to see her up close. Keep dreaming." "He's right. Who do you think Ms. Bonita is? What will we do if bad guys take advantage of us approaching her? Anyone can sneak through the crowd to harm her."
"Ohh, I want to take some pictures of her!"
This year's International Scientific Research Conference was held on an unprecedented scale. Hence, the entire proceedings would be live-streamed on the official Twitter account.
Simultaneously, Vera sat in the Shepards' villa and watched the grand event through television. She sighed and looked at Trina with unreserved disappointment, saying, "I was counting on you to win the competition and get into Bonita Research Institute.
"You were supposed to make your dad and me proud and make the family look good. I'm stressed about your future, Trina."
Trina was already depressed, but after hearing her mother's words, she lost her appetite. The former could only clench her fist under the table to hide her frustration.
###Chapter 552
Gresham puffed his cigarette and stared at his daughter in disappointment, just as his wife did. He felt so let down that he could not be bothered to say a thing.
"Hmm?" Vera uttered as she squinted at the television showing Bonita's silhouette.
"What's wrong?" Gresham asked in puzzlement.
"Don't you think Ms. Bonita's silhouette is somewhat familiar when the camera is this far away?"
Gresham looked at the screen and looked at Bonita, his frown deepening the longer he stared at her. Even Trina stared at the screen, thinking, 'I saw Ms. Bonita when I attended the press conference for the latest nanomaterial, but I stood far away from her. The camera just zoomed in on the TV. I must say, Ms. Bonita's silhouette does look familiar.'
"Are you saying her stature reminds you of Bonnie?" Gresham asked bluntly. Then, he mocked, "The world is full of coincidences. It's not that weird for people to share a similar stature. That said, Bonnie doesn't compare to Ms. Bonita."
Vera nodded in approval. "I guess you're right."
She watched the television again and said, "Ms. Bonita is so young. She looks almost the same age as Bonnie. Every parent would die to have a daughter like Ms. Bonita. I envy her parents! If only I birthed a child who's also the country's backbone, I'd have no regrets. I'd be so proud."
Gresham grew upset when he heard Bonnie's name. "That's enough. It's pointless to say such things now. Reality is often disappointing. Bonnie is nothing short of a rebellious, pathetic prick. It's a good thing we disowned her. Otherwise, I'd be pissed off whenever I see her."
Vera was just as furious as her husband. She said, "Fine, I'll drop it."
Trian looked at her parents' expressions and thought, 'What a relief. I might've embarrassed them, but Bonnie will always be worse than me.'
Bonnie noticed Leo, the team leader, still had not moved an inch. Puzzled, she asked, "It's almost time to leave. Why aren't we moving?"
He replied, "We're waiting for an important figure."
"Hmm? Who's that supposed to be?"
"I didn't receive news about this until yesterday. It seems the higher-ups arranged for the representative of the nation's economy to appear."
Bonnie frowned. Before she could figure it out, she heard a familiar voice, "Grandpa, it's me! Let me in!"
It was Leo's granddaughter, Sienna. He reprimanded her, "What are you doing here?!"
She glanced at Bonnie and explained, "I wanted to come with you guys to protect Ms. Bonita.”
Leo looked at Sienna strangely when he heard that.
"Come on, Grandpa!" She held his arm and shook him. "Please let me tag along. I'm a strong fighter. I'm sure I can help. Also, I think you know how much I admire Ms. Bonita. I need a chance to get close to her.
"Don't you think there's a chance she might like how forthright I am? She might even want to be my best friend!"
The more she spoke, the stranger Leo's gaze grew. She added, "Pretty please, Grandpa!"
He reprimanded her again, "Knock it off and go home now!"
"Come on, Grandpa!"
"Take her away, men."
"Grandpa!" Just like that, she was dragged away from the scene.
'This isn't the last they'll see of me. I'll find a way to board the plane. Fortunately, I thought of a backup plan before coming. Since Grandpa has forbidden me from following him, I'll have to resort to it.' Leo apologized to Bonnie, "I'm sorry Sienna's stirring up trouble again."
"It's no problem." She waved in response.
Suddenly, she heard another familiar voice, "Sorry, I'm late."
###Chapter 553
Bonnie's eyes widened in surprise. She did not need to turn around to know who it was. Simultaneously, she knew who Leo was referring to when he mentioned the representative of the nation's economy. On the other hand, Jim lost his composure and let his emotions show. His eyes darkened as he repeatedly looked between Bonnie and Ivor, his heart pounding.
'Why is he here?!'
Leo smiled at Ivor and said, "No apologies necessary. The traffic is pretty bad right now."
He glanced at Bonnie and thought, 'I used to think Ivor doted on her because he knew about her real identity. Now, I know that isn't the case.'
Ivor nodded at the older man before facing Bonnie. "We meet again, Ms. Bonita."
'I can't explain it, but I felt like I knew her when I saw her at the latest nanomaterial press conference. Now that I'm standing before her, that feeling is growing stronger.'
Bonnie did not look at Ivor but could sense him staring at her. She wondered if he was suspicious of her.
"Let's move," she said as she stepped forward. However, she was so distracted that she did not watch where she was going and stumbled.
"Watch out!" Since Ivor stood closest to her, he reacted swiftly and held her arms. Her skin spurred that familiar feeling again. This time, it was so strong that Ivor instinctively tightened his grip. "Thanks for that." Bonnie withdrew her hand and quickly avoided staring into his eyes.
Jim asked concernedly, "Are you okay?"
"I'm okay. I just didn't look where I was going, that's all."
"All that matters is that you're fine."
"All right, let's move."
Ivor watched as Bonnie left, his frown deepening as he gazed at his hand that had just grabbed Bonnie's arm. He thought, 'It's tingling, but I've only felt that way with Bonnie.'
He was in the middle of his thoughts when he sniffed his palm. Immediately after, his eyes sparkled as he thought, 'There's something so damn familiar about this faint medicinal smell. Could it be?' Ivor gazed at Bonnie, who continued to walk away. Then, he smirked and strode toward her.
Meanwhile, the Shepards continued to watch the television. Their jaws hit the floor when they saw Ivor on the screen. Vera said in disbelief, "Wh-what is happening? Isn't that the same punk who helped Bonnie? What's he doing with Ms. Bonita?"
Gresham stopped smoking immediately. He was anything but calm and collected as he focused on the screen unblinkingly. Meanwhile, Trina balled her fists and gritted her teeth.
###Chapter 554
Trina had a good idea of who Ivor was when she met him at Pyralis University's Scientific Research Competition. After all, he sat at the Knight Group's seat. Still, she was unsure as he could have been just a representative and not a higher-up.
Buzz, buzz! Buzz!
Gresham answered his phone, "What is it, Dad?"
Although he asked that, he knew why Harold was calling. The latter replied, "Why else would I be calling? Aren't you watching the live broadcast? It's a big day, Gresham. The whole city-no, the whole nation is watching!"
All of Arvandor watched the show. After all, it was rare for Bonita to appear in a live broadcast.
Harold questioned, "Why is that punk standing beside Ms. Bonita?"
He was curious because he had seen Bonnie and Ivor on multiple occasions.
"Well..." Gresham wished he knew the answer. "M-Maybe he's just a staff member or something."
It made sense since Ivor was not the only one there. There were many staff members with Bonita, too. Either way, the father and son could not think of other reasons. They also did not believe Ivor was a big shot. If that were the case, Bonnie would have boasted about it.
Harold nodded in approval and responded, "I guess you could be right."
Gresham stared at Ivor through the television screen. After some thought, he said, "Dad, we disowned Bonnie. That's what you and Mom wanted for a long time. Now that she no longer has anything to do with us, why does that punk's identity still matter to you?"
"What are you insinuating, Gresham? Are you trying to blame your mother and me for kicking Bonnie out of the family?"
"That's not it, Dad. I'm just stating a fact. Bonnie will never rejoin our family even if we—"
Before he finished, his father interjected, "That'll never happen! I'll never let her rejoin the family, and I've clarified it during the family meeting. She's a good-for-nothing who has disrespected her elders and is a pathological liar.
"She's the reason our family became a laughing stock! Bonnie has no place in this family. I won't tolerate her presence. I'll still forbid her from returning even when I die!" Harold hung up and texted the exact words he told his son to the family group chat.
Bonnie had just taken her seat in the first-class area when Ivor sat beside her. She turned to him and asked, "Can I help you with anything?"
"Yes, you can." He gazed at her.
Bonnie kept her composure and replied, "What do you need? Also, you can sit across the aisle."
Jim stood guard but looked at the duo from the corner of his eyes. Then, Floyd quietly approached, stood beside Jim, and whispered, "Something's off about Mr. Ivor today. I feel he's trying to get close to Ms. Bonita."
"Really? I didn't think that."
"Look closely, Jim. He's sitting unusually close to Ms. Bonita." Floyd grew worried. "Do you think Mr. Ivor is moving on from Ms. Bonnie and trying to win Ms. Bonita's heart?"
Jim's lip twitched, and he gave himself time to regain his composure before asking, "What makes you say that?"
"You wouldn't know it, but Mr. Ivor loves talented women. He finally fell in love with Ms. Bonnie after being uninterested in women for so long. That's because Ms. Bonnie is incredibly gifted. Ms. Bonnie is excellent, and I'm impressed with her.
"Still, Ms. Bonita is unbelievably magnificent. Ms. Bonnie can't compare to someone like her. I fear Mr. Ivor might have a change of heart and fall in love with Ms. Bonita instead. Come on, Jim. I consider you my brother. Can you please tell me what Ms. Bonita looks like? Is she as beautiful as Ms. Bonnie?"
###Chapter 555
"Um, I'd say the two are equally beautiful."
"Are you serious? Is Ms. Bonita that pretty?" Floyd whined. "How's that fair? Typically, the smart ones don't look too pretty or handsome. On the contrary, those with good looks are usually naive and gullible.
"I didn't expect Ms. Bonita to be intelligent and gorgeous. I wonder if any man will be worthy of her. I always thought Ms. Bonnie was brilliant and beautiful. However, Ms. Bonita might have her beat. "What'll I do now? Ms. Bonnie is such a lovely woman, too. I want her to marry Mr. Ivor. Although Ms. Bonita is excellent, she-" Floyd was so stressed that he wanted to pull his hair out.
Jim glanced at him and said, "There's nothing to worry about."
"How can I not worry? You're Ms. Bonita's bodyguard and Ms. Bonnie's good friend, right? So, which would you prefer Mr. Ivor to end up with?" Floyd asked solemnly.
Jim shrugged. "I'm fine with either."
Floyd's eyes widened in shock.
Meanwhile, Bonnie stared at Ivor. Although she told him to sit across the aisle, he showed no signs of moving. Instead, he remained beside her and said, "I wanted to have a deep discussion about the latest nanomaterial."
"What do you mean?"
"My company has integrated it into our production, but we're running into severe hiccups." Ivor proceeded to tell her every detail.
She carefully listened to everything he said before answering, "The truth is that this iteration isn't perfect."
"It's imperfect? What do you mean?"
"I mean it literally. Although no technology is perfect, we won't stop trying to perfect it. We'll keep improving it over time. That's how we make breakthroughs in science. It's also my way of telling you that my institute is researching the latest nanomaterials on a more advanced level.
"I hope it'll allow us to refine it further. Naturally, such research takes a long time. You'll be disappointed if you're expecting a breakthrough anytime soon."
Ivor watched as she spoke sternly. She might have hidden her passion for her work well, but he could still feel it.
Bonnie could feel him staring at her. She asked, "What's wrong? Did I say something weird?"
"Of course not. I can't help but think you live up to your reputation. You exude such supremacy and are far more professional and extraordinary than any scientist I've met."
"There's no need to compliment me like that. I just so happen to be okay in this field."
Ivor chuckled. "You just blew your horn without realizing it, Ms. Bonita. I wonder what the scientists I mentioned would think if they heard what you just said."
"I've never tooted my own horn. I was just stating the truth."
"Stating the truth, huh?" Ivor clapped in response. Suddenly, he leaned closer to her and said, "Honestly, your tone reminds me of my friend's. I swear I thought you two were the same person." Bonnie's heart skipped a beat.
'Sheesh! I would've exposed my real identity if I wasn't resilient enough.'
"Really?" She pretended to be bored by this particular topic.
"I think you know her too." He continued to monitor her expression.
'I might not have been able to catch her mistakes since I talked to her, but my gut tells me the truth is as I have imagined.'
"Do you mean Bonnie?" She asked casually.
He said smilingly, "Exactly. You two are so similar to each other that it piques my interest. What's your relationship with Bonnie?"
"We're friends."
###Chapter 556
"That's all?" Ivor was surprised.
This time, Bonnie went on the offensive. Instead of answering his questions, she asked, "What else can she and I be to each other?"
Ivor squinted at her silently.
Then, she added, "If you're curious about my connection with Bonnie, you can always ask her."
"I did."
"Oh? What did she tell you?"
"Her lips are sealed."
Bonnie leaned into her seat and said, "If that's the case, maybe you should stop pursuing this matter, Ivor. Everyone has secrets, and they're not meant to be shared. She might not have wanted to tell you about it, but it's not necessarily because of a lack of trust.
"It might be because she doesn't want you to shoulder her secrets alone. It'll be highly impolite and disrespectful if you keep digging. Wouldn't you agree?"
Ivor imitated her by leaning back into his seat. "You're something else, Ms. Bonita. Not only did you shut me up, but your explanation was also flawless."
Instead of responding, Bonnie shit her eyes and rested, hinting at him that he could leave. However, Ivor was so thick-skinned that he stayed. "I believe you and Bonnie go way back, Ms. Bonita. Do you think we'll get married?"
Bonnie sighed inwardly, thinking, 'Is there no end to this?'
She opened her eyes to look at him and say, "I do scientific research and don't have time to delve into romantic matters. So, I hope you forgive me for being unable to answer such a question." "Well, do you think Bonnie loves me?" Ivor pressed.
She could not stop her lips from twitching. Ultimately, she threw the question back at him, "What do you think?"
He nodded solemnly. "I think she does. Bonnie is so madly in love that she'll marry and be with me forever. I'll even say she wants to have my babies."
Bonnie gnashed her teeth as she thought, 'Ugh! I have to control myself!'
"Really, now?" She asked.
"Absolutely!" Ivor nodded. Then, he leaned in and whispered, "Here's a secret for you. You can't tell anyone about it."
"What is it?"
He grinned wickedly. "Bonnie might seem serious, but she's incredibly affectionate in my arms every night. She'll do anything I ask her to do."
Although Bonnie sighed as discreetly as possible, Ivor caught it. He could not help but burst into laughter. "Hahaha! I'll invite you to our wedding. You have to be there!"
She could not be bothered to respond. She shut her eyes again and turned to the side to sleep. When she woke up a while later, the plane had touched down at Motrus. She and the others had just exited the plane when Sienna followed.
"I'll show Ms. Bonita what I'm made of. She'll see me in a different light and make me her personal bodyguard.”
###Chapter 557
Sienna naturally had the skills to pinpoint Bonnie's hotel room since the former was an army member. However, Sienna could not go in because Jim stood guard at the door while Floyd appeared as she was
trying to find a way to sneak in.
"It's been a while since we sparred. Would you mind?" Floyd asked.
Jim frowned and turned to look at the door.
Floyd continued to persuade him, "Come on! It'll be fine. There are multiple parameters around her room. Security is so tight that not even a fly can enter. It won't take long, either. Twenty minutes, tops."
As Jim pondered whether he should do it, Bonnie's voice sounded from inside, "Go ahead. I'll just take it easy here."
"All right, try not to come out if you can. I'll be back quickly."
"Okay, sure."
Sienna dared not poke her head out until the duo left. She thought it was an excellent opportunity and checked both sides of the corridor before darting toward Bonnie's room. Sienna was in a military uniform, which was why the staff in the surveillance room thought nothing of it.
Bonnie had just opened her suitcase and gathered some clothes. She wanted to shower when she heard someone knocking on the door.
'Who could it be at this time of day?'
Before she could open the door, Sienna had already barged into the room. The latter lowered her head and said, "Please forgive me, Ms. Bonita! Leo is my grandpa. I genuinely admire you, but he wouldn't let me tag along.
"I had to resort to sneaking into your room. I swear I come in peace. I only wanted to see you in person and keep you safe!"
Sienna realized how quiet it was. She slowly raised her head and finally saw who was standing before her. "Bonnie?! What are you doing in Ms. Bonita's room?!"
Bonnie was just as surprised to see Sienna. The latter noticed Bonnie's silence and surprise. So, Sienna proceeded to form a theory, "Oh, I get it. You admire Ms. Bonita as much as I do. You snuck in to establish a connection with her, right?"
Bonnie chuckled. "I must say, you're as self-righteous as ever."
"Don't deny it, Bonnie. I know it's just as I said. I never expected us to have the same idea. Let's make a bet and see which of us gains Ms. Bonita's respect first." Sienna raised her chin proudly. She was confident Bonita would be interested in someone as talented as her instead of Bonnie.
Typically, Bonnie was above such tedious bets. Sienna looked so confident that the former was interested in participating in the bet. "Sure, I accept your challenge. Still, I must clarify something before we start. What will you do if you lose?"
"If I lose, you can do whatever you want to me."
Bonnie raised her brow and remarked, "That's a pointless bet. We already made the same bet last time."
Sienna asked through gritted teeth, "What do you want me to do?"
"Hmm, let me think. Hah, I got it!" Bonnie raised her brows. "If you lose, you can no longer act arrogantly. Also, you can never use your identity as the only granddaughter of the McLeods to benefit yourself." "When have I ever done those things?" Sienna was furious.
Bonnie shook her head. "How pitiful. You don't even know what kind of person you are."
"What did you say?!"
"Am I wrong?" Bonnie said coldly, "If you never used your identity for self-benefit, how did you summon the troops to try to outnumber me?
"I looked into you a little more. Three years ago, a minor celebrity fell in love with Orpheus, and you misused your background to ban her from the entertainment industry. You even ruined her reputation. Also, you tore a guy's family apart seven years ago because he said you're not that pretty."
###Chapter 558
"Well, I" Sienna did not expect Bonnie to investigate her so thoroughly.
The latter asked, "Do you think Ms. Bonnie would choose you if she hears about the heinous things you've done?"
"I-It's not what it seems! That minor celebrity you mentioned sought me out several times. She was a hypocrite who turned everyone against me because she thought I wouldn't retaliate. Also, that guy you brought up said nasty things to me. Was I wrong to teach him a lesson?"
'Although Sienna might be telling the truth, the punishments she gave them don't fit the crime. I didn't agree to her challenge on a whim. Instead, I'm trying to help her for Leo and his brothers' sake. That is if she can still be helped.'
Bonnie said, "I don't care whether or not you admit your wrongdoing. I only care if you agree to my terms."
"Fine, I agree!" Sienna said through gritted teeth, "What'll you do if you lose?"
"I won't." That was how confident Bonnie was.
'Ugh, I hate it when Bonnie's this confident. That's how she looked when I had a match against her in the shooting range.'
After some thought, Sienna said, "If you lose, you must drop your terms."
"Sure thing." She responded casually.
"I have one more term."
"Let me hear it."
"We'll do it the other way around this time. If I win, you have to listen to my every order."
The still-carefree Bonnie said, "Whatever floats your boat."
"Hmph! Keep acting tough. You'll regret it someday!" Immediately after, she heard a flurry of footsteps outside the door.
"Quick, someone has broken into Ms. Bonita's room!"
Sienna shivered and opened the window, ready to jump out. Before doing so, she turned to look at Bonnie and asked, "Aren't you going to leave?"
"Go ahead. I'm not in a rush." Bonnie crossed her arms and glanced at Sienna.
The latter remarked, "I've never met anyone so committed to their act. I hope Grandpa's troops arrest you. Then, you won't even have the chance to meet Ms. Bonita, and I'll win the bet." "How long will you keep yapping? Just leave already," Bonnie said smilingly.
Sienna scoffed and leaped out of the window.
B***!
Leo barged into the room with his troops. "Where's the intruder?"
Bonnie giggled. "There's nothing to be worried about. A friend of mine was just fooling around."
'Is that it? No, my gut tells me it's more than that,' Leo thought.
"Are you sure? Should I have my men search for the intruder?"
"Everything's fine. Return to your posts. I'll give you guys a holler if I need anything." With that, she yawned.
"We'll get out of your hair, then." Leo nodded and then ordered his troops, "Dismissed."
Once they marched out of her room, she took her bathrobe and headed to the bathroom.
Knock, knock, knock.
Someone was at her door again.
'Who is it this time?'
###Chapter 559
"Who is it?"
"It's me."
'That's Ivor's voice. What's he doing here at this time of night?'
"Give me a minute." Bonnie straightened herself up and put on her mask and cap before opening the door.
Ivor looked at her with humor in his eyes. "Must you hide your looks at night, Ms. Bonita? No one else is around, so you can take those off. Don't worry about me. I won't tell anyone what you look like." Bonnie thought, 'I can't explain it, but I feel n*** when he smiles and stares at me.'
"It's not that I don't trust you. It's just a force of habit." Then, she changed the topic. "Can I help you with anything?"
Ivor glanced inside and said, "Yeah, can we talk inside?"
After some hesitation, Bonnie nodded. "Sure, come in."
"I appreciate it, Ms. Bonita." Once inside, Ivor opened his bag and set up a chessboard.
"What are you doing?"
He sat down and looked at her, saying, "I heard you like playing chess. So, how about we have some fun?"
Bonnie's eyes widened in surprise, and she knew he was trying to suss her out. She asked, "Who told you I like playing chess?"
"I can get such information if I set my mind to it. However, you must forgive me for not telling you who informed me. After all, I must protect my informant's privacy," Ivor replied calmly. "Don't just stand there. Come and have a match with me."
Bonnie did not respond or approach him. She thought, 'Everyone has a unique play style in chess. I'm confident he'll see through me after playing.'
"I'm sorry, but I'm exhausted. I'd rather rest." She yawned to sell her act better.
"That's too bad. I'll get out of your hair, then. After all, we have the conference tomorrow." Ivor lowered his gaze. The ceiling light shined on him, masking his emotions and accentuating his sense of mysteriousness.
Suddenly, he gasped and grunted.
"What's wrong?" Bonnie looked at him and noticed that he had nicked his finger on the corner of the chessboard. It was a pretty deep cut, and blood oozed from the wound. "Hold on while I get my medkit." Soon after, she sanitized his wound and bandaged it. "Try not to get it wet, or it might get inflamed."
Ivor withdrew his hand and absentmindedly looked at his bandaged finger before gazing at her with mesmerizing eyes.
"Why are you staring at me like that?" Bonnie felt goosebumps all over, uncomfortable because of his gaze.
Ivor showed her his finger and said, "I didn't think you'd have any medical knowledge, Ms. Bonita."
At that moment, she realized Ivor had purposefully nicked himself. However, she was too late.
'I knew it! Ivor would've never carried a broken chessboard with him. He must've intentionally broken it to test his theory about my identity. Argh! What's wrong with him?! I can't believe he did that for something like this. He should've broken his arm instead, that fool!'
The more Bonnie thought about it, the more exasperated she became. She used all her willpower to stop herself from rolling her eyes at Ivor.
###Chapter 560
"I'm afraid you've overestimated me, Ivor. I know almost nothing about medicine. I simply wrapped your finger in a gauze. Anyone can do first-aid." "Although you say that, you did it so proficiently that I can hardly consider you an amateur."
"You're too kind, Ivor." Bonnie handled the situation so calmly that he could not keep digging into her secrets even if he wanted to.
"I'll see you tomorrow," Bonnie said, plainly sending him away.
"Good night." Ivor left. When he left, he saw Floyd looking at him with bitter concern. The former asked, "Why are you looking at me like that?”
Floyd wanted to speak but bit his tongue. However, he looked aggrieved.
Meanwhile, Ivor wondered why his assistant looked like that. "Floyd, give it to me straight."
"Um, Mr. Ivor..." Floyd glanced at the shut door and said, "Ms. Bonita is nothing short of incredible. If she's seeking a boyfriend or husband, people would be lining up at her doorstep to the North Pole. "B-But you're already committed to Ms. Bonnie. Granted, she might not be as talented as Ms. Bonita, but she's among the most outstanding people alive. Not only are her chess skills perfect, but her medical skills are also top-notch.
"Also, Ms. Bonnie partakes in street racing events. Don't forget about her floral arrangement skills, not to mention she's Master Arturo's favorite student. She has fantastic fighting skills, too. She knows and excels at so many things that I can't name them all.
"Most importantly, Ms. Bonnie is modest and has never flaunted her skills. You don't meet people like her every day. Please don't fall in love with Ms. Bonita and leave Ms. Bonnie."
"Is that what you were concerned about?" Ivor could not decide if he should laugh or cry. He added, "That was such a good speech that you earned yourself a ten-day paid leave. You can take a break when the conference is over."
"Huh?" Floyd was confused, wondering why his boss would suddenly give him a paid vacation.
"Um, I'm grateful for that, Mr. Ivor. Still, Ms. Bonnie is "
Before he could finish, Ivor interjected, "What if I told you Bonnie is Ms. Bonita?"
"Eh? Say what now?" Floyd was six-foot-two and burly, but he looked funny staring at his boss in puzzlement. Finally, he said, "Th-that's not a good joke, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor stroked his chin and said, "I guess you're right. It isn't a joke at all."
As he walked away, Floyd froze in a daze. Soon after, Jim approached and patted Floyd's shoulder, asking, "What's with that blank expression?"
Jim's voice broke Floyd's train of thought. The latter turned stiffly and looked at Jim. "M-Mr. Ivor said Ms. Bonnie is Ms. Bonita."
Jim looked at the departing Ivor in the hallway and then glanced at Bonnie's room door. After some thought, the former said, "You're getting your panties in a bunch over something that doesn't concern you. "It doesn't matter if we're talking about Ivor, Bonnie, or Bonita. People like us don't get to poke around other people's business. We only need to tend to our duties as bodyguards and assistants." Jim's words cheered Floyd up immediately. The latter said, "You're right. I'm just an assistant, and it's best to let them deal with their personal issues. I shouldn't have to concern myself with such things."
Bonnie was enjoying her beauty sleep the following morning when a commotion outside woke her. She heard Sienna's voice through the door, "I'm here to protect Ms. Bonita, and that's my sole purpose here, Grandpa. Please, you have to let me stay."
'It looks like Sienna got caught.'
After freshening up, Bonnie left her room.
###Chapter 561
After leaving Bonnie's room last night, Leo could not shake the feeling that something fishy had happened. He had honed his senses over the past several decades as a member of the army, and it told him tha something had happened.
'I'm certain the person wearing the military uniform entered and escaped through the window.'
He checked the security footage and compared it meticulously. That was when he discovered his daughter had barged into Bonnie's room. He then ordered his men to gather the rest of the footage to search for anyone suspicious.
A minute ago, his men sussed Sienna out. Leo ordered, "Take her away and send her back to Pyralis!"
"No! I refuse to go back!" Sienna struggled. "Please, I can't go back now, Grandpa! I made a bet with Bonnie and can't return to Pyralis empty-handed!"
"Hold it right there." He raised his hand and the army men holding his granddaughter stopped.
"What did you just say? Wh-Who did you make a bet with?"
Sienna gritted her teeth and told her grandfather everything that happened last night. "That's the whole story, Grandpa. I can't afford to lose my bet with Bonnie. If I do, she'll have total control over my life."
Leo's jaw hit the ground. Although Sienna was worked up, he looked at her like she was a moron. Sienna continued, "Grandpa, if you want me to take responsibility for my actions, you'll have to reprimand Bonnie, too. I wasn't the only one in Ms. Bonita's room last night.
"Bonnie was there, too. If you send me back to Pyralis, you'll have to do the same to her, or it won't be fair!"
Leo sighed and massaged his temples.
'I used to be proud of Sienna because she was talented. However, she looks more like an idiot as the days pass. She doesn't even know Bonnie's playing her like a fiddle.'
As he felt disappointed in his granddaughter, Bonnie appeared from behind him and said, "Leo, she's your granddaughter. I don't think she meant any harm. Let her stay." Sienna whipped around and saw a masked Bonnie. The former's eyes sparkled instantly as she exclaimed, "Ms. Bonita!"
'Finally, I get to meet her! She also just spoke up for me!'
Leo looked at her granddaughter staring at Bonnie admiringly. His headache worsened at that moment.
'Although Sienna might've been talented, she's overhasty and set in her ways. She needs someone to mold her into a more well-rounded person, and Bonnie is doing just that.'
"If that's what you wish, I'll let her off the hook." Leo approached Bonnie and whispered, "My granddaughter isn't pleasant to have around. I appreciate you taking the time to whip her into shape."
"You got it, Leo." Bonnie only agreed to it because Leo and his brothers sacrificed their lives to protect her three years ago, not to mention that generations of McLeods had guarded the nation's borders. They made significant sacrifices to keep Arvandor safe. Bonnie was impressed with their loyalty to the nation.
Sienna placed her hand over her heart and approached Bonnie. The former said solemnly, "You can count on me, Ms. Bonita. No one can touch you while I'm around!"
Bonnie asked, "Are you sure you want to risk your life to protect me?"
"Of course I am!" Sienna replied firmly.
Bonnie pressed, "You might not know about this, but someone sent a task to SR League to assassinate me. Although no one has accepted the task, anyone would be brave enough to take it for a handsome reward.
"There are too many criminals who fear nothing, not even death. That's why I'm certain Motrus is a dangerous trip. That's also why the higher-ups sent your grandpa to protect me during this conference. "If you're here, and the hitmen try to kill me, you'd be in danger. Now that I've explained the facade of the trip, do you still want to protect me?"
Sienna smacked her chest and looked even more solemn than before. She looked like she placed her life on her oath, "I, Sienna McLeod, the granddaughter of the former general Leo McLeod, swear to guard you with my life.
"If anyone dares to lay a finger on you, they'll have to go through me!" She uttered each word thunderously and mightily.
###Chapter 562
Bonnie raised her brow and looked at Sienna with approval.
'Now that's what a McLeod is supposed to look like! It proves I was right in thinking she's not beyond help. At least she's faithful regarding the nation.'
"All right, then. You'll protect me while we're here."
Sienna almost cried tears of joy when she heard Bonnie's response. "D-Does that mean I've earned your respect?"
'Perfect, I won the bet against Bonnie!'
Bonnie noticed Sienna trying to suppress her triumphant laughter and guessed the latter's thoughts. Bonnie remarked, "I understand you've done many heinous things in the past. Worse, you even mobilized the army to attack a civilian a while ago."
Sienna panicked. "Th-there's a reason for that. You see—"
"It doesn't matter. You must own up to your mistakes, regardless," Bonnie said sternly.
Sienna balled her fists and sighed. "You're right. I have a reason, but Grandpa already lectured me about it. I admit I went overboard."
Bonnie nodded in satisfaction. "What matters is you learn from your mistakes. That's the most we can ask from anyone. I hope you change and improve so you never repeat your mistakes."
"I'll do as you say, Ms. Bonita!" Sienna decided never to do anything to shame Bonita or her family.
Bonnie responded, "Good, you'll earn my respect when you do that."
"I appreciate the opportunity, Ms. Bonita!" Sienna looked at Bonnie gratefully, overjoyed by the turn of events.
"Poor Bonnie. It looks like you lost the bet this time.'
The International Scientific Research Conference commenced in the afternoon. Soon after, Bonnie found herself surrounded by prestigious scientific researchers. All of them were asking for clarifications on several matters.
Ivor stood beside her like a knight protecting a princess. Not long after, a lady in a green gown approached him timidly. "Excuse me, can I chat with you over there, mister?" Bonnie heard the woman's voice and instinctively turned to Ivor. Immediately after, Bonnie noticed Ivor turning to look back at her, and she quickly whipped back around. Ivor noticed it and grinned. Then, he looked at the woman in the green dress and said, "I'm sorry, but I'm busy right now. Maybe you should chat with someone else." The lady bit her lip gloomily. "Um, I just wanted to chat with you a little. I won't-"
He withdrew his gaze and ignored the woman. He turned and faced Bonnie, asking, "Do you know why I rejected her?"
###Chapter 563
Bonnie thought, 'That has nothing to do with me, let alone Bonita!'
Still, she responded, "Go on. Tell me why."
Ivor grinned, his blue eyes sparkling affectionately as he stood beside her. He lowered his gaze to meet her eyes and raised his brow slightly, saying, "That's because I promised the love of my life that I'd never get involved with any woman who shows interest in me. I told her I'd save myself for her."
Bonnie peered into his eyes and noticed his intense admiration for her. Time seemed to freeze as they stared into each other's eyes. It felt like they were the only ones on Earth. Although Bonnie looked calm, her heart raced.
Then, a tall and handsome man approached her. "Hello there, Ms. Bonita."
The man had blonde hair and blue eyes. He handed her a bouquet of roses and looked at her adoringly. However, it caused Ivor's expression to turn sour.
Before Bonnie could respond to the blonde man, Ivor stood between them and said in fluent Motrusian, "She's allergic to roses."
"Oh, forgive my ignorance. I'll buy her some other flowers, then."
"That's okay. She doesn't need any."
The blonde man was no fool. He knew Ivor was trying to fight with him over Bonita. The former asked, "What makes you say that?"
Ivor stared at him blankly. He was taller than the blonde man by several inches, and his eyes were cold. Ivor also exuded an imposing demeanor, enough to drive fear into the blonde man's heart. Soon after, the blonde man submitted to Ivor. The former did not even realize that he had begun sweating until he stepped back.
Ivor glanced at him coldly as he left. When the former turned around, Bonnie had already walked away.
"Wait, where are you going?" Ivor strode across the hall, looking elegant as he soon caught up to her.
Bonnie felt hopeless as he continued to bug her. She said, "Stop following me around. I have to use the restroom."
"What a coincidence. That's where I'm headed, too."
It just so happened that Sienna, standing not too far from them, saw what happened. She muttered, "Hmm, Ivor is showing interest in Ms. Bonita. Is he trying to hit on her?"
Sienna was shocked by this epiphany. Then she sneered and uttered, "Well, Bonnie can't compare to Ms. Bonita. It's only normal for Ivor to give up on Bonnie and go to Ms. Bonita. I'd do the same if I were a man."
'As for Bonnie, I guess I'll see her misery sooner rather than later. After all, she'll lose the bet and her boyfriend.'
"She deserves it for going against me."
When Bonnie exited the restroom, she saw Ivor waiting for her at the door.
'What is he doing here?! Why is he so clingy?'
Suddenly, Ivor stepped forward and said, "There's something on your mask, Ms. Bonita."
The next thing she knew, he reached for her face.
###Chapter 564
Bonnie's eyes widened in surprise as she flinched backward to avoid Ivor's hand. An inch more, and he would have removed her mask. Bonnie scolded, "You've overstepped your boundaries, Ivor." Ivor gazed at her and said, "You misunderstood me. There's something on your mask, and I was trying to wipe it off."
She pursed her lips and left.
"Wait, Ms. Bonita!" Ivor yelled and chased after her.
"Stay away from me," she said as she picked up her pace. Suddenly, she heard a thud, followed by a grunt. She turned and saw that Ivor had fallen to the floor, clutching his belly in agony.
The veins on his forehead bulged from the pain. He even began to sweat and turn pale. Bonnie raced to him and asked, "What's wrong?"
Ivor answered through gritted teeth, "M-My stomach hurts."
"Is it appendicitis?" Her brows knitted tightly.
"I-I don't know."
It looked critical, and Bonnie dared not waste a second. She grabbed Ivor's wrist and checked his pulse. He smirked when he noticed how proficient he was. "So, you do have extensive medical knowledge." His voice did not sound strained. Instead, he sounded healthy. Then, Bonnie realized what had happened. She thought, 'He pretended to be sick!'
Ivor tore off her mask before she could loosen her grip on him.
"Hey, you—"
"I knew it. It's really you." He smiled at her and grabbed her wrist. Soon, memories flooded his mind, explaining everything.
For instance, Bonnie knew about the press conference date for the latest nanomaterial. She also said she wanted to give them the development rights to the nanomaterial.
She also had lunch with the professors from Bonita Research Institute. Ivor even remembered Jim working as Bonnie's bodyguard in the Knights' villa to protect her. Many more instances were shrouded in mystery, but finally, everything was explained.
"Why'd you hide it from me?"
Bonnie helplessly replied, "Was it ever worth mentioning?"
"What do you mean? You're Bonita, for crying out loud!"
"So what if I am? The public would praise me as a science prodigy above everyone, but I consider myself a scientific researcher who loves science. I'm the same as those who pour their heart and soul into their jobs. I'm nothing more, nothing less."
Bonnie blew her horn so effortlessly that Ivor could not help but feel ashamed of himself.
Ivor said, "I've always been called the business genius of my time. What's more, I confidently wear that title. However, I feel immensely inadequate compared to you."
Bonnie disagreed, "I don't think that's true. We're just different. Given your qualities, you can afford to look down on people. There's no need for you to be modest and underplay your achievements. It isn't your character to do so.
"On the other hand, I dislike attention and the hassle it brings. I only want to focus on my work. You don't need to compare yourself to me," Bonnie's words cheered Ivor up instantly.
The latter remarked, "Yeah, but you're the genius who surpasses all of Arvandor. Your words easily commanded my respect and admiration."
Then, he cupped her cheeks and said, "What will I do, Bonnie? I think I'm falling deeper in love with you by the second!"
###Chapter 565
Ivor stared at Bonnie lovingly, and she felt a warm sensation rising within her chest. It coursed through her veins and melted her heart. After finally breaking free from his affectionate approach, she said, "There are people around."
"Oh, right." Ivor rose and pulled her into a room.
Sienna was far away from them and could not see Bonnie's face. She only saw Ivor pulling Bonnie into a room and closing the door.
'This can't be happening! Ivor just took Ms. Bonita into a room without anyone noticing. I wonder if they're doing unspeakable things to each other.'
Once Sienna calmed down, she thought it could be possible. She always thought Bonita was timid and innocent. Even so, she was still a woman, and Ivor was an excellent man who could win any girl's heart. Sienna grinned and thought, 'It looks like Bonnie will lose her boyfriend soon. Hahaha!'
Ivor pinned Bonnie to the door and kissed her passionately. She was in a daze before finally returning to her senses and pushing him away. "Did I say you could kiss me?"
"Yeah, you did." Ivor stared at her affectionately.
Bonnie was puzzled. "When did I do that?"
"All the time. I'm sorry." Ivor apologized sincerely. "I couldn't help it. Like I said before, you're a drug I can't get enough of. My self-control goes out the window whenever I see you. I can't help but want to do things for you."
The more he spoke, the more speechless Bonnie became. As far as she was concerned, he was a starving wolf, and she was his prey.
"Bonnie, I'm thrilled. Each of your identities is more breathtaking than the other. I can't get enough of you. Ugh, I wish I could make you mine and that you'd take my last name right now." He leaned into her and motioned to kiss her again.
However, Bonnie did not let it slide this time. She slipped away and said, "You forgot that I never agreed even to be your girlfriend. Maybe you should learn to quit while you're ahead. You can no longer kiss me without my permission."
"Well, can I kiss you again?" Ivor approached again.
Bonnie stepped back and frowned as he continued approaching. He said, "I want it now. Will you let me kiss you now?"
"No way!" Bonnie took another step back.
"Please accept me, Bonnie. You'll break my heart if you don't."
"That's enough, Ivor!" She stopped and pushed against his chest. "There's a limit to how much you can take advantage of me. I still haven't settled my score with you for tricking me into believing you were sick "How dare you demand kisses? You're the furthest thing from a business genius now. You look like a p*** street thug instead."
Ivor was unbothered by Bonnie's words. He said, "I don't need to pretend to be a genius before the woman I love. I'm just a man who should act boldly on his impulses. What kind of man will I be otherwise?" Bonnie argued, "And they say women are unreasonable. It looks like you're no better than a woman yourself, Ivor. I can't believe you're so self-righteous even though you're taking advantage of me."
###Chapter 566
While Ivor and Bonnie debated, they heard someone knocking on the door.
Jim coughed and said, "Ms. Bonita, Professor Auguste is here."
When Bonnie frowned, Ivor sensed something was amiss. He could not help but ask, "What's the deal with this professor?"
"Nothing, really..."
"Don't lie to me, Bonnie. I hope you can start telling me the truth." Ivor held her shoulders and stared into her eyes.
She was about to make up an excuse and brush it off. However, she could not lie to Ivor when she saw his eyes. "Fine, here's the truth. Auguste has always considered me a thorn in his side, especially after I developed the latest nanomaterial.
"After that, I consolidated my status in scientific research. Subsequently, I squeezed Auguste out of first place. That's why I believe "
Ivor interjected, "Are you suspecting he sent someone to post a task with the SR League?"
"How do you know about that already?"
"Leo told me." Ivor's demeanor turned imposing when he thought about how someone was trying to kill Bonnie.
Knock, knock, knock!
Jim knocked again. "Uh, if you're too busy, I'll tell Professor Auguste you can't meet with him yet."
When Bonnie opened the door and came out, Jim looked at her as if to ask if Ivor had his way with her. Once she figured out what that look meant, she turned away in exasperation. She could not be bothered right now.
"Where's Auguste?"
"Ahem!" Jim cleared his throat to moderate the awkwardness. "He's in the main hall. Come on, I'll take you there."
As she followed Jim, she noticed Ivor walking beside her. She knew the latter was worried Auguste might do something to hurt her.
Bonnie whispered to Ivor, "Relax. Auguste won't do anything rash with so many people around, even if he's the mastermind behind the assassination task."
Ivor argued, "You might be wrong. Auguste can always try something sneaky, even if he can't do anything so openly. We must stay vigilant against his craftiness. Like I said, you mean more than life to me. I can't afford to let anything happen to you."
Bonnie retorted, "Will you knock it off with those corny lines?"
"Okay, fine," Ivor said with a big smile.
Judging from his expression, Bonnie knew she had wasted her breath. She should have known telling him to quit was pointless. Soon after, she entered the main hall and saw Auguste chatting with someone. The latter noticed her as soon as she entered. "Bonita, it's been a while!"
He smiled and went for a handshake, but Ivor shook it before Bonnie could. Ivor said in fluent Motrusian, "I know you. You're Professor Auguste, right? I heard a lot about you. It's an honor to meet you finally, sir."
Auguste would have considered that rude if it were anyone else. However, he felt there was something unusual about the man before him. Auguste knew he could not afford to take Ivor lightly. "Who might you be, mister?"
###Chapter 567
Bonnie answered, "He's the CEO of Knight Group, located in Pyralis. He's also the representative of Arvandor's economy."
Ivor's titles surprised Auguste. The latter could sense the young man's imposing air and readily accepted it.
"So, you're the richest man in Pyralis. Your reputation precedes you, Mr. Ivor," Auguste said as he gazed between Bonnie and Ivor. "Pardon my curiosity, but you two seem pretty intimate. What's your relationship?"
"Professional," Bonnie replied dryly, causing Ivor to frown.
'I know she answered him that way because she needs to consider the bigger picture. Still, I'd be lying if I said that didn't hurt me. I'll have to snatch her away and make myself feel better tonight.' "Are you sure?" Auguste squinted at her.
Bonnie remained casual and revealed no hints about her relationship with Ivor. She said, "If you're asking me about my personal life, you'll have to excuse me for not answering. After all, I'm pretty busy." Auguste chuckled. "Forgive me for crossing the line. I was looking for you to congratulate you on developing the latest nanomaterial and becoming the most prestigious scientist in the world." Bonnie stared at him grimly and said, "I thought you'd be upset."
"Why would you say that?"
"That title belonged to you before I came into the picture. However, the title is firmly within my grasp now that I've developed the latest nanomaterial."
August knew she put it that way to probe him. He countered, "It doesn't matter which country made a scientific breakthrough. Your unbelievable discovery of nanomaterials benefits Arvandor and the world." "Well said!" Bonnie clapped. "I was a little petty just then. I just learned that someone has hired the SR League to assassinate me. Someone from my government even asked me if I offended anyone. After much consideration, I eventually thought of you, Auguste."
A pin-drop silence hung over the room as both parties observed each other cautiously. Ivor was the only one smiling at Bonnie.
'She just stirred a massive storm yet remains calm and collected. Her intelligence and bravery are extraordinary.'
It took everything in Auguste to suppress his feelings. Suddenly, he burst into laughter, "Hahaha! You just love making jokes, Bonita. Why would I do something like that?"
Bonnie smiled and said, "Exactly! I brushed it aside the moment I said it. I told them you're among the most experienced and prestigious scientists worldwide. There's no way you would do something like that." "All that matters is that you believe me, Bonita." Auguste checked his watch and said, "Would you look at the time? Please excuse me. I have some matters to attend to."
He forced a smile and left. Immediately after he turned, his expression grew grim. His assistant, Tyree, leaned in close and whispered, "Did she figure us out, Mr. Auguste? Why else would she ask something like that?"
"That might not be the case since our plan is foolproof. Also, they're preparing for tonight's operation as we speak. Bonita probably made a guess when she said all that."
"Then, should we proceed with tonight's operation? I fear the Arvandorians will suspect us if something happens to Bonita tonight.”
Auguste nodded. "Your worries aren't unfounded. As for tonight's operation, send someone to monitor her as planned. We'll decide what to do when the opportunity arises. Also, send some men to tail Knight Group's CEO."
Tyree was puzzled. "Why would we do that, Mr. Auguste?"
The latter sneered. "I have a hunch they're more intimate than Bonita said."
"Understood, Mr. Auguste. I'll carry out your orders at once."
The first day of the conference was not that formal, and it ended before dusk.
###Chapter 568
Bonnie stared at Ivor. He would not get off her bed, no matter what. What made matters worse was that he opened his bathrobe so she could see his body. Although she looked composed, she still struggled to look away.
Bonnie asked, "Don't you have your own room?"
"I do, and I'm resting in it now."
"Rest here all you want." Bonnie opened the window and motioned to leap out of it.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm bored. I'm going for a walk."
Ivor marched over and stopped her from jumping out. "We're on the third floor. Give me a minute, and I'll come with you."
He knew she wanted to jump out the window because she wanted to stroll around as Bonnie and not Bonita. If she went out as Bonita, she would put herself at unnecessary risk and attract a massive crowd. "I'm not waiting for you. Bye!"
However, Ivor held her arm and did not let go. "If you don't wait for me, I'll jump out and walk with you in my robe."
Bonnie glanced at him, thinking he looked s*** in the bathrobe. If he went out like that, he would drive other women crazy, and they would look at him l***. The thought of that bugged Bonnie. She said, "Hurry up then."
Ivor could not help but grin. "All right, I'm ready. Let's go."
"Ugh, finally."
The duo left the hotel and strolled along the foreign streets.
"You didn't have dinner just now. Is there anything you want to eat? I'll buy anything you want." Ivor glanced at the nearby bakery and said, "I bought from this bakery the last time I visited. Their bread is fresh and delicious."
Bonnie did not feel hungry until after he brought it up. She suddenly realized she had not eaten anything during the conference because she had been wearing a mask the whole time. After some thought, she replied, "Sure, I'll have something from there."
"Stay put."
"Okay."
"Don't wander off."
"Gotcha."
"Just look for me in the bakery if anything happens."
Bonnie palmed her forehead and said, "Do you think I'm a defenseless child? I started practicing kickboxing with my master when I was three."
"Okay, okay. I know you're tough, honey. I'll stop worrying." Ivor spoke to her intimately, looked at her longingly, and left.
Bonnie saw a long bench nearby and sat there. Suddenly, she sensed movement behind her, and her instinct told her that the approaching footsteps were after her. The person was sure-footed, too, undoubtedly a fighter.
Bonnie silently clenched her fists and focused her mind. Once the person was close enough, she whipped around and threw a punch at the person.
###Chapter 569
Bonnie's punch was about to land, but she stopped at the last second when she recognized who it was.
Sienna was frightened as she gulped and stared at Bonnie's fist. It was just an inch away from the former's face. Sienna could not help but feel impressed with Bonnie's reaction speed and the force behind her punch.
Simultaneously, the former was awestruck because Bonnie stopped her punch so quickly. After all, one had to master the art of combat fully to do that.
'Bonnie has attained such mastery. Setting aside our differences, she deserves to be a Grandmaster.'
Bonnie frowned and asked, "What are you doing here? Don't you know it's dangerous to sneak up on someone?"
Sienna felt exasperated when she heard that.
'That's bullshit! Sneaking up on people isn't dangerous. Bonnie's the only one who can make it dangerous!'
"I wanted to come and greet you when I saw you. Must you be so exaggerated? If I didn't know any better, I would've thought you were worried someone was out to kill you."
Bonnie raised her brows, thinking, 'Although she didn't mean it, she's got me there. I did think a hitman was closing in on me.'
"You came over just to greet me? I didn't think we were on speaking terms. Why would you waste your time doing that?"
Sienna crossed her arms, looking triumphant. She said, "You're right. I didn't have time to greet you. I'm here to tell you that I've already earned Ms. Bonita's respect and started working for her. You lost the bet, Bonnie."
Bonnie stifled a laugh and asked, "Are you sure? I heard Ms. Bonita was displeased with your past. She gave you another chance to change and learn to admit your mistakes. The fact that you're Leo's granddaughter helped, too."
"H-How do you know all that?!" Sienna's eyes widened in surprise as she stared at Bonnie.
It might not have been classified information, but ordinary people should not be privy to it. Bonnie deliberately kept her on the hook by saying, "Take a guess."
'Ugh, I just hate it when Bonnie's this arrogant!'
"Th-that's all well and good, but..." Sienna gazed past the bakery and smiled triumphantly again. "Don't celebrate just yet, Bonnie. I'll do my good deed of the day and let you in on a secret."
"Oh? What would that be?"
Realizing that Bonnie had taken the bait, Sienna kept the former curious by saying, "This secret is one of the most important things you'll ever hear. It's about your love life. Still, I'll only tell you if you beg me." Bonnie yawned and returned to the bench to sit. She leaned back on it lazily and checked her phone. Her casual demeanor angered Sienna.
"Hey! What are you doing?! This secret is huge for you. I guarantee you'll regret not begging me to tell you about it!"
Bonnie raised her gaze at Sienna and uttered indifferently, "Woah."
Then, she returned her attention to her phone.
Sienna sighed aggrievedly and patted herself on the chest, thinking, 'I can't take it anymore. Bonnie's killing me!'
"Are you acting this way because you don't believe what I'm saying?!"
Bonnie responded without looking away from her phone, "I believe you. After all, you wouldn't have come to talk to me if it weren't important."
###Chapter 570
Sienna roared, "If you believe me, why aren't you even worried?!"
Bonnie replied casually, "That's because you're more agitated than I am. I don't have to beg because I know you'll lose patience and tell me about it."
'Dear God, please strike Bonnie down with thunder! I've had enough of her. If we weren't outside, I'd scream!'
"Fine, you win! Still, your smugness will disappear once I tell you what it is. Ivor has fallen in love with someone else." Sienna stared at Bonnie. The former could not wait to see Bonnie break down in despair and sorrow.
On the contrary, Bonnie glanced at her casually and said, "Gee, where's the rest of the information? Who did he fall in love with?"
'Gah! Keep pretending! Let's see how long you can keep it up, Bonnie!'
"I saw Ivor and Ms. Bonita flirting with each other during the conference. He even dragged her into a room-they were there for a long time. Hahaha! They were alone, too. What do you think they did inside?" After some thought, Bonnie said solemnly, "Maybe they were discussing work."
"Hahaha! Stop lying to yourself, Bonnie. Are you trying to make me laugh?" Sienna cackled.
"Watch out!" Bonnie immediately pushed her aside.
"What's wrong with " Before Sienna could finish, she saw a masked man holding a knife and slashing at where she stood a second ago.
Then, more masked men jumped out of their hiding spots. Sienna scrambled to her feet and stood beside Bonnie, asking, "Are they your enemies?"
Bonnie tied her hair back and said, "He attacked you earlier. I think they're your enemies."
"That's a load of crap! Why would I have enemies?"
"Why do you sound surprised? You're always so cocky. I'm confident you have enemies everywhere."
"F*** you, Bonnie!" Sienna could not stand it any longer. "Why can't they be your enemies?"
Bonnie nodded in approval. "That's possible since I have such a strong sense of justice. There might be some lowlifes who disagree with my moral code." "Pfft..." Sienna scoffed. "You're the typical double standard kind of person!"
Meanwhile, the group leader reported the situation to his superior, "I've got two girls in front of me. One is Leo's granddaughter, and I think the other is our real target."
When Sienna heard that, she smirked at Bonnie and said, "It looks like they're after you. Well, have fun. I won't stay here and help you."
Sienna motioned to leave when Bonnie yelled after her, "Run, Sienna! Tell your grandpa to send someone here now!"
"Ugh, seriously?!" Sienna was furious and wished to beat Bonnie up.
Initially, the men were uninterested in Sienna. However, they glared at her when they heard what Bonnie said.
The leader ordered, "Don't let her leave! We're bagging both of them!"
Sienna stomped and glared at Bonnie, thinking, 'Well played.'
Bonnie smiled at her and said, "It looks like we're destined to die together now."
###Chapter 571
"F*** that!" Sienna rolled her eyes at Bonnie. Then, the former gazed at the leader of the masked assailants. "I'm not her friend. I even detest her. Let me go, guys. I promise not to tell my grandpa about it. Also, I don't think he'd send his men here for a nobody."
"That's enough horsing around! Go get them, guys!"
Sienna began to fend off the men while cursing Bonnie inwardly. After all, it was the latter's daily.
'These guys are insane! I told them I'm not Bonnie's friend and even said I hated her. Don't they know that the enemy of my enemy is my friend? That said, I'm on their side!'
Meanwhile, Ivor was paying for his purchases at the bakery counter when another group of masked assailants barged in. One barked, "He's Bonita's boyfriend! Get him!"
Ivor's expression turned cold as he glanced outside the bakery. As expected, he saw Bonnie fighting out there. He knew he had to defeat the masked men before him to help her. Soon after, an intense fight broke out in the bakery.
"Ugh!" Sienna was kicked so hard that she flew backward. One of the masked assailants slashed his knife at her. As the knife was about to cut Sienna, Bonnie stood in the way and grabbed the man's wrist before twisting it.
The man let out a gut-wrenching scream as he released his knife. Bonnie kicked the knife upward and then caught it. She then stabbed the masked assailant. "Sienna, I'll clear a path for you to run! Get your grandpa!"
Sienna was surprised, saying, "When did you grow a conscience?"
Bonnie frowned. "They're here for me. You have nothing to do with this. You don't need to die over this."
"I guess you're not so bad after all!"
"Now!" Bonnie slashed a few more masked assailants, finally creating an opening for Sienna. "Run, now!"
Sienna had been waiting for that moment. She had always prided herself on being an incredibly talented woman in a family of militants. If she could not take the chance to escape, she could no longer be proud of herself.
After escaping the group of masked assailants, she turned and looked at Bonnie hesitantly. Sienna was unsure if she should call her grandfather.
'I don't want to do it since Bonnie and I have bad blood. She's the reason my reputation is ruined. Gah! I'll think about that later! I need to get the hell out of here now!'
She fled and heard someone yelling, "Quick, the girl's making a break for it!"
"Forget about her! We must seize Bonita first!"
Sienna froze in confusion as she slowly turned around. Her eyes fluttered in shock as she gazed at Bonnie.
'I know what I heard. The masked assailant called her Bonita. Is Bonnie Ms. Bonita? How is that possible?!'
Suddenly, a flood of memories filled her mind. At that moment, she had an answer to everything that had puzzled her before.
"That explains why Grandpa defended her. No wonder she was in Ms. Bonita's room last night. Also, Ivor's actions make more sense now. I-I was the butt of the joke all along." Then, Sienna thought about the bet she had made with Bonnie. The former could not help but smirk at herself.
Meanwhile, one of the masked assailants reported, "Sir, she's too formidable! We can't subdue her and keep her alive! I fear Jim or Leo will be here for backup if we drag it out any longer."
After some thought, a menacing light flashed in the leader's eyes. He said, "Do whatever you need to do. Remember, we must take Bonita alive! Our boss has questions for her."
###Chapter 572
"You got it, sir!"
Although Bonnie managed to fend them off earlier, things became trickier when they stopped pulling their punches. She had just sent one of them flying when another came at her with a knife from behind. She might have been fast, but she could not react in time as he was too close.
"Get out of there, Bonnie!" Sienna charged at the masked assailant wielding the knife and tackled him out of the way.
"Sienna?!" Bonnie was surprised to see Sienna there. The former thought Sienna was long gone. Bonnie did not think Sienna would turn back, let alone risk her life to save her.
Various emotions overwhelmed Sienna as Bonnie stared at her. The former yelled, "You're getting distracted! Watch out behind you!"
Bonnie whipped around and kicked the assailant, sending him flying. A moment later, she stood back-to-back with Sienna so that they could defend themselves and deal blows to their adversaries more efficiently.
Bonnie asked, "Why'd you come back?"
Sienna pursed her lips and said, "I sure as hell didn't return for your sake."
"Then, what prompted you to turn back?"
"I'm from a military family. The McLeods have sworn themselves to a duty to protect the borders of Arvandor since my great-grandfather's time. We'd never compromise anything or anyone beneficial to our nation. You're Ms. Bonita, one of our nation's pillars. Naturally, I must protect someone like you!"
Bonnie smiled as she listened to Sienna's speech. The former said, "It looks like I made the right choice by giving you a second chance."
It did not please Sienna to hear it, but she had no comebacks.
"Bonnie!" Ivor dashed out of the bakery.
Bonnie gazed at him when she heard his panicked voice. Her eyes reddened as soon as she saw him. Ivor was no longer the elegant and graceful man he was minutes ago. Instead, his clothes were a mess, and his hair was disheveled. Worse, there was blood on his white shirt.
Bonnie knew he was worried sick about her. That was why he willingly got hurt if it meant subduing his adversaries and getting to her quickly. "Hurry up and run, Ivor!"
Ivor responded coldly, "What are you talking about? I can't run like a coward and leave you alone!"
Bonnie pursed her lips, heartbroken when she saw how disheveled he was.
"Hey, can you two quit being so lovey-dovey? I can't hold them off alone!" When Sienna said that, one of the masked assailants kicked her.
"You kicked my f*** b*** again! I'm a woman, for f***'s sake! They weren't big, to begin with. Are you trying to make them smaller? If any one of you kicks my b*** again, I'll kill you!" Sienna cursed as she scrambled to her feet. She then fought more recklessly because she was furious.
Bonnie rejoined the fight, and a few moments later, the group leader received some news. He asked, "Jim and his reinforcements are close?! We can't afford to drag this out any longer."
He pulled out his pistol and shot at Bonnie.
"Watch out!" Ivor never stopped watching Bonnie's back. Thanks to that, he saw the gun in time and quickly pushed her away. B***!
The bullet went right into his chest.
"Ivor!" Bonnie yelled at the top of her lungs. Her body stiffened before she came to her senses and darted toward him.
###Chapter 573
Blood seeped from Ivor's bullet wound in his chest. Although his white shirt had bloodstains before, it was not drenched in red. It was a frightening sight. He staggered backward and slowly began to bend down.
"Ivor!" Bonnie's eyes reddened as she yelled at the top of her lungs. As she was about to reach him, several masked assailants stood in her way. She was prepared to kill them all.
"Back off! Anyone who stands in my way will die a horrible death!" Bonnie roared as she emitted a ferocious air. Suddenly, she kicked the assailant closest to her, and he flew before crashing to the ground and spitting a mouthful of blood.
His fellow assailants charged at Bonnie, but she quickly dealt with them. They sustained deep cuts after she snatched one of the knives and slashed at them.
In mere moments, the ground was littered with bodies as blood-curdling cries echoed. The smell of blood was evident. Bonnie saw nothing but Ivor leaning on the wall and trying to stay alive. A gust of wind blew past Bonnie as blood dripped from her knife and fell to the floor.
She looked like the devil incarnate. Her combat prowess was horrifying, striking fear into anyone who looked at her. Meanwhile, Sienna felt a profound sense of astonishment, and her eyes were full of shock. 'I've long known how formidable Bonnie is, but she's nothing short of a ferocious demon now. I must say, she has surprised me again.'
It took several seconds for Sienna to compose herself, grit her teeth, and fight off one of the masked assailants charging at her. She fought like hell to get close to Bonnie.
'Yeah, that's Bonnie, the person I detested the most. However, that doesn't change the fact that she's also Ms. Bonita. I've sworn to protect Ms. Bonita with my life. That's why no one will lay a finger on her as long as I'm alive!'
Sienna held onto that thought and fought vehemently through her adversaries. Finally, she reached Bonnie and stood back-to-back with her.
Sienna said, "G-Give me a minute. I-I'll make an opening for you to run to Ivor." The fight had drained Sienna so much that she was panting.
Bonnie kicked back a charging assailant before worriedly glancing in Ivor's direction. His eyes were shut, and his face was pale. He was not moving, either.
"Okay, let's do this together. Ivor has sustained a mortal wound, and we can't afford to waste time here."
Sienna nodded solemnly, tightened her grip on her knife, and charged into the group of masked assailants. "Argh! I won't fail my family! I will slaughter every last one of you!"
Bonnie followed her lead, slashing at her adversaries as quick as lightning. Soon, the masked assailants fell to the ground, their blood seeping into the pavement.
###Chapter 574
Ultimately, Bonnie and Sienna slashed their way through the masked assailants and made their way to Ivor. "Ivor," Bonnie uttered worriedly.
He looked so frail that she felt a lump in her throat. Her eyes reddened as she lifted him to rest on her lap. Then, she grabbed his cold fingers and called out to him repeatedly, "Ivor? Ivor, come on, wake up. Look at me, please."
Remorse, guilt, and sorrow filled her heart. She began to tear up as these emotions overwhelmed her.
Meanwhile, Sienna stood nearby, defending them from the remaining assailants. She even formed a perimeter and kept them safe in the middle.
Bonnie fought back her tears and treated Ivor's wound as best she could while calling out to him, "Ivor, I'm here. Hurry up and open your eyes. You must look at me, or I'll give you the silent treatment for the rest of your life."
Her voice began to choke up, and tears rolled down her cheek. "Wake up, Ivor. You have to wake up. I'm begging you, Ivor. Look at me, please!"
That was the second time she had ever felt this helpless. The first time she felt this way was when her parents fell severely ill. Bonnie was too young back then and had no way of helping them. They would have died if Ivor's grandfather did not show up.
As boundless darkness consumed Bonnie, Ivor's eyes fluttered slightly. Then, he slowly opened them and saw her worried eyes. He revealed a pale and weak smile, saying, "B-Bonnie? Cough, cough! I-I'm so happy to...see you so worried about me."
Bonnie sighed in relief when she saw Ivor regaining consciousness. He still had his wits about him, too. She leaned over and ripped out a part of her clothes to wrap it around his bullet wound, which was still oozing blood.
"Don't speak or move. I'll stop the bleeding."
"Cough cough... Sure." He gazed at her affectionately.
Once Bonnie stopped the bleeding, she struck his vital points to alleviate his pain. However, Ivor's wound was too severe. He did not stay conscious for long before his eyes slowly shut again. Bonnie noticed it, and her heart dropped. She held his hands tightly and said, "No, you can't fall asleep, Ivor. I need you to look at me."
Ivor could not bear to hear Bonnie so heartbroken. So, he struggled to open his eyes again. He looked overwhelmed with exhaustion but still treated her with love. "You're silly, Bonnie. I'm just tired and need some rest. Are you denying me that?"
The more tender he sounded, the more guilty she felt. After all, he would not have gotten shot if he had not tried to protect her.
Bonnie fought back her tears and shook her head, saying, "No, I won't let you close your eyes! You won't die on me. You must hold on, Ivor. Do you hear me?"
"Okay, I'll do as you say, like always," Ivor rubbed the back of Bonnie's hand, saying, "I-If I die, you'll marry someone else. Why would I let something like that happen?"
"You should read the room, you dummy. How are you sweet-talking me at a time like this?"
"Y-You're my fiancee. Of course, I want you to stay happy. I-I can't let you feel sad. N-Not even for my sake." Ivor's eyes brimmed with affection.
Bonnie was captivated by them, so much so that she could not look away. The couple stared into each other's eyes when they suddenly heard Sienna's heavy panting. Sienna said urgently, "Take Ivor away now, Bonnie. I can't hold them off much longer!"
###Chapter 575
Bonnie turned and saw Sienna sweating profusely. The latter had reached her limits. Bonnie said, "Hold on, Sienna. I'll take Ivor away now."
She helped Ivor up and led him to a corner.
'Ivor is too weak. I need to get him treated now. I can't waste another minute. I must get us out of her as soon as possible.'
"Okay, just hurry up." Sienna felt her limbs burning whenever she swung her knife or kicked someone. However, she had her family's gritty determination. Her tenacity pushed her to fight, even if her body screamed in agony.
Bonnie did not waste another second. She held Ivor's weak body and left as quickly as possible. After just a few steps, the leader of the masked assailants saw them. "They're trying to get away! Let's see how far they can get!"
Bonnie heard the man's voice and turned to look at him, only to see him and his henchmen charging at her and Ivor. They had pistols and other weapons, too.
Her expression turned grim, and she feared the leader might shoot Ivor again. So, she stood before Ivor and yelled, "Sienna, I need help!"
"On my way!" Sienna dealt with two more men before making her way to Bonnie. "What's wrong?"
Bonnie calmly replied, "I know you're running on fumes, so I'll entrust you with Ivor. Take him away, and let me handle these clowns."
Sienna's eyes widened in surprise. She looked at Bonnie before turning to Ivor. "Wait a minute, Bonnie. It's my job to protect you. What'll I do if I get him to safety and something happens to you?" Bonnie glanced at the pale Ivor with a trace of uncharacteristic affection. She said, "He matters most to me. You can protect me by keeping him safe. I'm also a better fighter than you. I'll last long enough for Jim and your grandpa to arrive."
Sienna disagreed with that, but considering their current predicament, she could only do as Bonnie said. The former gritted her teeth and took Ivor from Bonnie. "Fine, then. You better hang in there and stay safe, or Grandpa will let me have it."
"Sure," Bonnie replied. Then, she glanced at Ivor affectionately before patting Sienna's shoulder. "I'm counting on you to keep him safe."
Sienna glanced at Bonnie's hand on her shoulder and felt emotional. "All right, leave it to me!"
Bonnie shoved her and ordered, "Go! Now!"
"You got it!" Sienna quickly slipped into the corner with Ivor.
One of the masked assailants noticed it and told his leader, "The CEO of the Knight Group and Leo's granddaughter got away, sir. Should I send someone to chase them down?" "I've prepared for that. What matters is catching Bonita."
His henchman nodded. "Understood, sir."
The leader glanced at the street across from them coldly. He barked, "Move in on her now! Leo and Jim are almost here."
"Copy that." The henchman joined the foray and tried to seize Bonnie with his fellow henchmen.
She was standing among the masked assailants. Her knife flashed as swiftly as lightning as she fended them off. No one could get close to her and could only attack from a further range. Even so, Bonnie held them back. Suddenly, a figure darted toward her from behind as she was about to take a short break.
###Chapter 576
Bonnie's eyes looked menacing. She quickly turned over and avoided the masked assailant's sneak attack. Then she lifted her feet and launched them at his chin.
Crack!
She heard the sound of his chin bones cracking and he was kicked away. He crashed to the ground and began wailing miserably.
She gave him an icy, sidelong glance. Just as she was about to look away, a figure darted at her from her right.
Her cold eyes were reflected on the edge of the knife. Clenching her fist, she dodged and smashed the man's face fiercely.
"Gah!" He screamed as he fell to the ground.
She thought the man was out of the fight. Little did she know that the assailant shot up from the ground just as she turned around. He picked up the knife from the ground and slashed at her shoulder. She felt the rush of air and ducked instinctively. However, her body was at its limit, and she could not get out of the way in time.
The knife missed her shoulder, but it tore along the flesh of her arm and made a deep cut.
All of a sudden, her arm was covered with blood, and her eyes reddened with fury. "Die!"
Bonnie kicked him squarely in the chest. The assailant's eyes rolled upward, and he passed out instantly.
The henchman standing next to the leader of the group became frustrated.
"Ms. Bonita is too difficult to handle, sir. Jim and Leo will arrive if we don't take her away now. We won't be able to explain ourselves to the client then."
"Don't you think I'm aware of that? The point is, our client wants her alive..." The leader smirked wickedly as an idea suddenly struck him. "Heh, I've got it. Why don't I just shoot her feet? Let's see if she can still act tough with her foot gone."
He raised his pistol and aimed at her calf.
Bonnie sensed danger and saw him out of the corner of her eyes. She was startled and intended to duck out of the way. However, the other henchmen had caught her and held her still, and she felt helpless and frustrated.
'No! I have to stay safe and see Ivor again. I can't let them take me away,' she thought as she looked for a way to escape. However, the leader quickly opened fire. Bonnie could only watch as the bullet tore through the air toward her foot.
At the last possible moment, someone shoved Bonnie aside.
Whiz!
The bullet flew right by her calf and buried itself into the wall behind her.
The next thing she knew, a team of fully armed men huddled around her, forming a perimeter,
The leader of the masked assailants was agitated. He knew the army men were here to protect Bonnie.
'We've lost our advantage. We can't stay here any longer.'
He glared at her momentarily before waving in frustration. He barked, "Fall back!"
"Let's see how far you'll get, you wretched thugs!" Leo barked.
Before long, the masked assailants were surrounded by a team of men wearing combat uniforms. Then, they were subdued. Jim ran to Bonnie and saw the injuries she had sustained. His eyes turned red immediately. He clenched his fists so hard that they made cracking sounds.
"Are you okay? I'll take you to the hospital now."
###Chapter 577
Bonnie wasn't doing so well, but she could only think about Ivor. Her voice carried a somberness that she had never heard before.
"I'm fine, but Ivor sustained a bad wound trying to protect me."
Jim was stunned, but he knew how much Ivor cared about her.
"Where is he now? Our cars are right outside. We can send him to the hospital now."
"We were in a dire situation. So, I asked Sienna to take him to safety first." She stood upright slowly and pointed at the corner. "They went that way. Let's look for them."
He looked at her pale face and couldn't help but try to persuade her, "You're not doing so well, Bonnie. You should just stay put. I'll bring some men with me and look for them. You have my word that I'll bring Ivor back to you in one piece."
"No!" She said sternly, "I won't rest until I've seen that he's safe with my own eyes."
Bonnie headed over to the corner hastily. Her body language was enough to show she was worried sick.
He sighed and took off after her. They had just arrived at the intersection when they saw a figure running toward them.
The surroundings were too dark, so they couldn't tell who it was. Jim took a swift step forward and stood before Bonnie. Even his men were standing by solemnly for a potential threat. However, Bonnie had excellent vision.
It might've been dark, but she could see who the figure was. "That's Sienna."
Shoving Jim aside, she ran over to Sienna. Once she was close enough, she realized that the latter was covered in blood and panting heavily.
"What are you doing here alone? Where's Ivor?"
Sienna met her worried gaze and clenched her fists. "We were on our way out when a group of people charged at us from nowhere and took him away from me."
"W-What did you say?" Bonnie looked downright terrifying as she clenched her fists hard.
Sienna gritted her teeth and took a deep breath. "I failed to keep my promise. I've humiliated myself. If you want to punish me, I'll take it."
"I know you did everything you could." Bonnie took a deep breath, attempting to suppress her distress and rage. She calmly ordered Jim, "Send all our men to track down Ivor. I want him brought back to me in one piece!"
"Copy that." Jim turned around to her bidding.
Then he looked back at Bonnie, only to see the concealed distress in her eyes. He wanted to soothe her but couldn't think of anything to say to her. All Jim could utter was, "It's not safe here. Let's just go back. She looked at the boundless darkness before her. Then, she reluctantly tore her gaze away. "Yeah. Let's go back."
'I'm worried about Ivor. I don't want to go back if I can help it, but Jim is right. It's not safe here. I might not care about myself, but I must think about the others.
'Also, these guys took Ivor away because they're after me. Standing here wouldn't help anything. I might as well go back to the hotel and use whatever connection I have to track him down.
'Maybe I could wait for these guys to contact me and talk about terms. Then, I'll bring a team to save Ivor from their clutches!'
Jim knew that she was pretending to be calm. It was akin to the calm before a storm. Bonnie might look fine, but a ferocious storm could occur.
###Chapter 578
'The only thing I can do now is give Bonnie some space to work through her feelings,' Jim thought, 'Given the current situation, soothing her won't help her.'
This was the first time Sienna had seen Bonnie this riled up.
'She doesn't let her worries and agitation show, but I can feel how anxious she is. She is Ms. Bonita, after all. Her calm demeanor is extraordinary.'
Several days had passed since Ivor's abduction. Bonnie had exhausted all her connections to track Ivor down, but she turned up with nothing. Even Jim and Floyd sent their men out, but none returned with good news.
It was heart-wrenching. Bonnie was so worried about Ivor that she couldn't eat. It had only been a few days, but she had grown much skinnier.
Jim and Bonnie were sitting at the dining table. He watched as she moved her food around halfheartedly. He sighed and said, "You have to eat something. How else will you keep up your energy?" She sighed even louder than he did. "Forget about it. I've lost my appetite. Take it away."
She pushed the plate away, which he pushed back to her. "Have some of it, Bonnie. How will you search for Ivor on an empty stomach?"
"I mean it. I've lost my appetite." She shook her head.
Instead of persuading her, he said, "It looks like you're in love with him."
That stunned her. She pursed her lips but didn't respond. It was a silent admission.
'Ivor used to cling to me all the time. It's not like I hated him for doing that, but I didn't like it, either. Sometimes, I thought I'd never have peace until I shook him off. I don't find it peaceful now that he's no longer by my side. Instead, my heart feels empty, as if something's missing.'
Jim had always known she'd eventually succumb to Ivor's relentless attempts to win her heart. He couldn't help but sigh hard. She looked so distressed that he tried to soothe her.
"Ivor is a decent man. I'm sure the universe will look after him and ensure his safety. Also, if those guys decided to abduct him, then it means they weren't after his life. There's something else that they want. That means that he's probably safe for now."
She nodded in approval. "I'm aware of that."
Then, something occurred to her, and the anxiety she had just suppressed resurfaced.
"It's just that I feel this weight in my heart. It'll always be there until I know that Ivor's safe."
He tried to comfort her again. "You're overthinking it. He'll be fine."
She sighed gloomily, her eyes undecipherable.
Sienna came in through the side door and saw the look on Bonnie's face. She felt a pang of guilt. Taking a deep breath, Sienna readied herself mentally before she walked over to Bonnie.
"Like I said, it's my fault that Ivor was abducted. Don't worry about it, Bonnie. I'll make amends for my mistake. I won't return to Arvandor until I track him down!"
###Chapter 579
Bonnie smiled slightly at how serious Sienna looked. "I appreciate it."
She meant it from the bottom of her heart, too.
Sienna's face turned red. Coughing lightly, she turned her head.
"Did I ask for your appreciation? Let me clarify something, Bonnie. I'm only doing this because you're Ms. Bonita. Furthermore, I was the one who lost him. The way I see it, they've taken more than Ivor. They've also robbed me of my pride.
"They wouldn't have been able to pull it off if I weren't exhausted from the previous fight! That said, I still failed. So, I have a responsibility to get him back."
Bonnie stared at her profoundly and stood up. Then she patted Sienna's shoulder.
Sienna went stiff for a second before she asked, "W-What are you doing?"
Bonnie responded firmly, "You have my respect now, Sienna."
That reminded Sienna of her bet with Bonnie. She was stunned for a while before she returned to her senses. Suddenly, she felt pissed off and smacked Bonnie's hand away. "Y-You played me for a fool because I didn't know the truth!"
Then, she thought deeply, 'When I made a bet with her, we agreed that whoever won Bonita's respect also won the bet. Then, I found out she was Bonita. What was the point of the bet, then? She had me wrapped around her finger the whole time. Our bet was nothing but a joke.'
The more Sienna thought about it, the angrier she got. She scoffed and said, "All right, I've wasted enough time on you. My point is that I'll bring Ivor back safe and sound. So, you can go ahead and stop worrying about it!"
Sienna then turned around and made her way out of the living room.
Jim watched as she left, his eyes filled with humor. "Sienna might seem like a hothead at first, but deep down, she's a decent lady."
Bonnie nodded in approval. "Exactly. All she needs is guidance, and she's well on her way to becoming a pillar of society."
Jim looked at her, visibly stunned. "I didn't expect you to have high hopes for her!"
"Do I?" She shrugged. "I'm just stating a fact here."
Sienna had just exited the living room and was standing at the door when she saw Leo. "What are you doing here, Grandpa?"
Then she glanced at the living room. "Have you been eavesdropping on our conversation, Grandpa?"
He glared at her and asked, "What do you mean by eavesdropping? Is that the way to talk to your grandpa? You guys were so loud. Do you think I need to do something that shady?"
She thought about it and muttered, "I don't think I spoke particularly loud in there."
He heard her, but he ignored her remark. After all, that wasn't what he cared about. What grabbed his attention was the attitude she had shown Bonnie. "It looks like you've moved from your petty squabble with Ms. Bonita."
He thought, 'I'm just glad Sienna finally sees what's more important.'
A hint of uneasiness flashed in her eyes. "She's Ms. Bonita. I can't keep hanging on to our petty differences. That'll make me small-minded."
He stared at her. He was wise, and it didn't take him long to see through his granddaughter. "Are you sure you let go of your differences with her because she's Ms. Bonita? Is there no other reason at play here?"
His questions had hit home. She, too, was asking herself the same question.
###Chapter 580
'Did I decide to let go of my petty differences with Bonnie because she's Ms. Bonita? No. That's not true at all.
'Bonnie simply possesses maturity and talents that I can never hope to match. I've been arrogant my whole life. I never thought anyone was better than me. That all changed when I met Bonnie. 'She has achieved so much. That's not all, either. She might be talented and have many skills, but she never flaunts them. Instead, she's modest about them. I can't compete with her on that alone.' Sienna's mind wandered back to all the arrogant things she had done because she considered herself talented.
'I didn't think much about it before. Looking back, I realize how absurd and immature I've always been. I was ignorant. It's no wonder Bonnie was able to play me like a fool.
'Maybe I'm nothing but an ignorant child to Bonnie. That could explain why she hasn't held any of it over me.'
Various thoughts flashed in Sienna's mind. After working through them, she finally saw her real feelings. She smiled at Leo. "I've let go of it, Grandpa, but I didn't do so just because she's Ms. Bonita. It's also because of who she is when she's Bonnie."
'This is what I've been waiting for.' Reaching out, he patted his granddaughter on the shoulder, his face filled with love.
"Judging by your expression, I think you've thoroughly thought it through and come to terms with it. Ms. Bonita is a fine example for you to follow. Learn what you can from her."
She couldn't help but ask him, "Do you think I stand a chance to be better than her?"
He glanced at her and stroked his chin gently. "Do you want me to tell you the truth or sugarcoat it for you?"
She knew what he meant. "I-I guess you should sugarcoat it, Grandpa."
He responded swiftly, "There's no way you'll ever become better than her."
'That means the truth is the opposite of what he said. Grandpa's trying to say that I still stand a chance to overtake Bonita and become better than she is! I didn't think Grandpa had such high hopes for me and believed in my capabilities.'
The thought of it made her feel overjoyed. Even her eyes were sparkling with hope now. "Well, what about the truth, Grandpa? Can you tell me the truth?"
He glanced at her again and said, "The truth is that you can live ten times as long, but you'll never catch up to her achievements."
Sienna remained quiet.
'Ugh... I shouldn't have asked him at all.'
A couple of weeks later, Bonnie was standing on the roof of a skyscraper as she cast a glance at the milling crowds on the ground.
Strong, chilling gusts of wind blew past her, lifting her long hair and her sleeves.
She might've been skinny and frail, but she remained sure-footed in the face of the howling wind.
Although she looked tough, there was this sense of miserable loneliness about her.
Jim, who had just come to the rooftop, saw how she looked and felt disheartened. Worried that he might disturb her, he walked to her side slowly.
"The International Scientific Research Conference is over. We have to return to Arvandor."
She looked at him, her eyes still filled with distress.
"Any leads on Ivor?"
###Chapter 581
Jim let out a barely perceptible sigh.
"The people I sent out have done their best to find him. Even the higher-ups have dispatched numerous people, but there are still no leads."
Bonnie frowned but remained silent.
Memories of the days with Ivor by her side involuntarily surfaced, making her sad. However, she didn't show this. Her long lashes quivered a little but concealed every emotion in her gaze.
Even though Bonnie didn't say anything, Jim could still feel the sadness lingering over her.
"If Ivor sees you like this, he will feel very upset."
Hearing Jim's words, Bonnie felt startled.
Ivor used to hold her hand and console her whenever he noticed she was in a poor mood. His eyes were full of care for her.
She had to cheer up and get over her depressive state, as Ivor was so kind to her and wouldn't let her suffer even a little.
With this in mind, Bonnie's dim phoenix eyes became brighter.
"You're right. Even if I'm feeling sad, it's useless. It's better to pull myself together and think of more ways to find out about his whereabouts."
Jim felt happy seeing Bonnie brighten up.
"You're thinking in the right direction. Should I prepare to return to the city next?"
Bonnie responded indifferently, "Yes, go ahead and prepare."
"Okay."
Jim quickly left. Little did he know that as soon as he left, Bonnie's phone would vibrate.
Her eyes narrowed at the message on the screen as she glanced down. Her hand holding the phone tensed.
"He is with me. You must come alone."
The message ended with an address on an island.
Bonnie rubbed her phone to calm her emotions. She had anticipated that these people would come asking for trouble.
She just didn't expect them to wait for half a month, which showed remarkable patience.
Bonnie went downstairs to head to the address. However, when she reached the bottom of the stairs, she noticed Jim busy in the room. She abruptly stopped.
If she told Jim about this, he would not let her take the risk. But saving Ivor was crucial, and she had to figure out how to get past Jim.
Sensing her gaze, Jim turned around and met Bonnie's eyes. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
Bonnie calmly turned away.
"It's nothing. Go ahead and pack up, and I'll tell you something later."
Jim didn't bother to pack his things and stood up.
"Are we keeping secrets from each other? Just say what you have to say. Why beat around the bush?"
Bonnie continued, "Actually, I want you to have a drink with me."
"Drink?" Jim was a little surprised. "Why so sudden?"
Bonnie sighed lightly, feigning sadness.
"I've been feeling very depressed lately. The more I think about it, the more I realize the validity of what you said. Ivor would be unhappy if he saw me like this. So I want to have a drink and wait for him to come back in the best condition possible."
Jim nodded. "It's good that you've come to terms with it. It's just drinking, right? I'll accompany you! Wait here, and I'll bring over a few bottles of aged wine from the cellar."
###Chapter 582
"Okay," Bonnie replied, "I'll get some snacks to go with the drinks."
Jim quickly returned and found a large number of snacks arranged on the table. Bonnie herself made some, while others were in takeout boxes.
Placing the wine next to the snacks, Jim smiled and asked Bonnie, "Why did you prepare so many? Is someone else coming?"
"No, just the two of us." Bonnie sat down across from him. "Since we rarely drink, let's drink heartily."
After opening the bottle of wine, Bonnie poured glasses for herself and Jim and then raised her glass.
"Today, we must drink until we are thoroughly wasted! Cheers!"
Jim rarely drank alcohol, so he could protect Bonnie. But Bonnie could not get in trouble now that Leo and the McLeod family's elite forces were protecting her. Furthermore, Bonnie had been feeling terrible lately, and she had not eaten properly in several days. She wanted him to accompany her for a drink, so he would. He believed those negative feelings would be forgotten after a restful night's sleep.
With this in mind, Jim raised his glass and clinked it against Bonnie's. "Cheers!"
After finishing the wine from the cellar, Jim was drunk and slumped onto the table. Except for a small blush on her cheeks, Bonnie showed no signs of drunkenness. "I can't go on. I need to sleep for a while." As soon as Jim's voice fell, his head dropped with his eyes closed, and he fell asleep.
Seeing this, Bonnie stood up from her chair and shook him. =="Jim, Jim..."
Jim didn't respond at all.
Bonnie stood quietly and confirmed that he wouldn't wake up. She quickly walked to the window, jumped down, and slid down the wall to the ground.
To avoid being seen by Leo's people, she quietly left through the hotel's back door. But as she walked a short distance, she faintly heard footsteps behind her. 'Someone is following me?'
Bonnie paused, became more alert, and cautiously moved forward. The footsteps trailing after her never went away.
Bonnie darted into a small alley ahead, concealing her figure and peeking out with half of her head.
Before long, a figure appeared in the alley.
"Eh? Wasn't she just here? Where did she go?"
Sienna looked around but couldn't see Bonnie. She felt puzzled. After all, she shouldn't have lost sight of Bonnie so easily.
But the fact was that Bonnie disappeared before Sienna could react. Her anti-surveillance ability was truly terrifying and worthy of admiration.
Bonnie's voice suddenly sounded in Sienna's ear. "Why are you following me?"
###Chapter 583
Bonnie's sudden appearance took Sienna aback.
After regaining her composure, she stood with her hands on her hips. "What do you mean? Is this road your private property?"
Bonnie remained silent. She looked deeply at Sienna for a moment before turning away and quickly walking in the opposite direction. Sienna followed closely behind, sticking to her like glue.
Hearing the footsteps behind her, Bonnie's eyes flashed with a hint of helplessness. She had to stop and turn around to look at Sienna.
"Where I'm going next isn't suitable for you. Stop following me and go back quickly."
Sienna raised her chin defiantly and refused to admit defeat.
"Who said I'm following you? This road is the route I have to take. Who are you to stop me?"
Bonnie would have surely seen through Sienna's intentions and might have teased her a bit. But now, she was solely focused on seeing Ivor as quickly as possible and had no time for idle chatter. "If you keep following me, I won't hesitate to knock you out."
Seeing Bonnie's urgency to leave, Sienna couldn't help but speak her mind bluntly.
"Bonnie, don't think I don't know. You deliberately got Jim drunk so you could go see Ivor. Tell me honestly, did the people who kidnapped Ivor send you a message? Did they ask you to come alone?" Bonnie frowned, impressed. The one who understood her the best was her enemy.
Sienna took Bonnie's silence as an admission.
Her tone showed a hint of resentment when she said, "I know you're worried about Ivor, but you're a significant figure in the scientific community. If something were to happen to you, what would the people of our country do?
"Now that I know about this, I won't let you leave alone! And don't even think about knocking me out. I'm prepared. If you make any move against me, I'll run. I may not be able to beat you, but you can't catch me either."
Bonnie pressed her temples. "Just get to the point. What do you want?"
After a few seconds of silence, Sienna looked up at Bonnie. "I want you to take me with you."
Bonnie immediately refused. "No, the condition they proposed is for me to go alone."
"That won't work either." Sienna spread her arms in front of her. "If you don't let me go with you, I won't let you go alone."
Seeing Sienna's determination, Bonnie reluctantly nodded in agreement.
"Fine, you can come with me. But when we're close to the destination, you have to hide."
Sienna nodded. "I know. Don't worry, I won't joke about Ivor's safety. After all, protecting him is also my responsibility when we become a family."
Bonnie felt a bit amused, realizing that Sienna was concerned about Ivor since he was Orpheus's brother.
"But you and Orpheus are no longer in a relationship."
"So what? In the end, he will still be mine." Sienna proudly raised her chin, exuding full confidence. "I saw a fortune teller before. The fortune-teller said that Orpheus and I were destined to be together, so I am his unavoidable fate no matter what."
Bonnie twitched her lips, finding it hard to say anything more for a moment.
"All right, let's go together."
"Okay," Sienna responded and took the lead.
###Chapter 584
"I'll take the lead. That way, I can shield you if there's any danger."
"At the moment, there shouldn't be any danger. You can go wherever you want." Bonnie didn't want to say more at this point. Sienna turned to look at Bonnie but didn't say anything. She withdrew her gaze and continued walking ahead.
The two walked for a while with Bonnie following behind Sienna.
Bonnie suddenly shouted, "Sienna, I just noticed that someone seems to be running over there. Hurry up and check it out." Sienna furrowed her brows and followed Bonnie's line of sight in the opposite direction.
"Could we be under surveillance?"
"I don't know. I didn't get a clear look at the person before he ran off."
"I'll go check. Remember to stay close behind me and don't fall behind."
"Okay."
Sienna cautiously walked deeper into the narrow path, but the further she went, the deeper she frowned.
"This is a dead end. Bonnie, did you misread it?"
Bonnie narrowed her eyes. She seized the opportunity, raised her hand, and delivered a karate chop to Sienna's neck.
Sienna's body stiffened. With her remaining strength, she turned her head and looked at Bonnie incredulously.
"Y-You ambushed me. How shameless!"
As she spoke, her whole body collapsed to the ground.
Bonnie sighed helplessly. "It's just as you said, you had been prepared. So even if I wanted to knock you out, it wouldn't be so easy. But when you're unprepared, it's easy for me." After dealing with Sienna, Bonnie arrived at the address left in the message. It was a large private villa by the sea.
There was also a hint of hidden danger in such a rugged environment.
Any ordinary person would be hesitant to approach the villa, but Bonnie walked calmly toward it. Her steps were composed and determined. It was as if nothing could affect her. Arriving at the entrance, the guards raised their guns and aimed them at her.
A hint of a smile appeared on Bonnie's lips, though it didn't reach her eyes.
"What's this? Didn't you invite me here? Do you want me to leave?"
###Chapter 585
As soon as the words fell, the sound of clapping echoed in her ears.
Bonnie followed the source of the sound and saw a masked man walking out of the villa.
She narrowed her eyes and calmly assessed him before saying, "Mr. Auguste. Why are you hiding when you were the one who invited me here?"
The masked man paused, then tilted his head back and laughed. Then he raised his hand and slowly removed the mask.
Indeed, the face under the mask was exactly as Bonnie had guessed-Auguste!
"You truly live up to your reputation as Ms. Bonita. Your eyes are sharp, and nothing can escape you," Auguste said with a smile.
"I didn't come here to listen to flattery." Bonnie's tone was blunt and to the point. "Where is Ivor?"
Auguste maintained his smile. "Ms. Bonita, don't be in such a hurry. As two leading authorities in the scientific community, shouldn't we catch up a bit?" "Catch up?" Bonnie glanced at him indifferently. "I don't think we're that close, are we?"
Auguste's smile remained unchanged.
"I've always considered you a friend, Ms. Bonita. But now you're saying we're not close? Isn't that a bit hurtful?"
Bonnie lightly scoffed, "Friend? Really? Pardon my ignorance, but I've never seen anyone treat their friends like you do."
Auguste couldn't keep up his facade.
"I didn't expect you to not only have great research achievements but also be so eloquent," Auguste commented, looking somewhat embarrassed.
He didn't say much more and quickly made a welcoming gesture. "I believe you're eager to see Mr. Ivor. Please."
After giving him a cursory glance, Bonnie brushed past him and stepped inside.
Auguste watched her back, a cold glint flashing in his eyes.
"Close the door."
With a creak, the gate slowly closed, cutting off everything outside.
In the alley, Sienna gradually recovered. She felt the pain in her neck and inhaled sharply.
Sienna cursed angrily after recalling what had happened. "How dare you, Bonnie? I've fallen into your hands three times and I'm fed up with it. Just wait. I'll settle these scores with you sooner or later." Though angry, Sienna understood that Bonnie's safety was the most important thing at the moment.
'Who knows what the other party might do if she hadn't gone alone?'
Sienna had to rush back and inform Jim and her grandfather.
A few minutes later, Sienna arrived at the hotel. Seeing Jim passed out on the table, she hurried over and shook his shoulder anxiously.
"Jim, wake up. Quickly."
She called several times in a row, but Jim didn't respond.
Sienna bit her lip and looked around. Finally, she went to the kitchen, fetched a large bowl of water, and poured it on Jim.
Splash!
The cold water made Jim shudder involuntarily and snapped him out of his drunken stupor.
He wiped the water off his face and frowned when he saw Sienna standing in front of him with a bowl.
###Chapter 586
"What are you doing?!"
Sienna put her hands on her hips and glared at him impatiently. "What else can I do? Ms. Bonita has run away!"
Jim's heart skipped a beat, and he abruptly stood up. "Where did she run off to?"
Sienna rolled her eyes at Jim.
"You're supposed to be her bodyguard, yet you're lying here drunk like a pig."
Jim was anxious. "Can you stop with the nonsense? Just tell me where she went!"
Sienna was irritated. She glared back and said, "What's with the hostility? She disappeared, and you have no clue. It's your negligence. Why are you taking it out on me? Do you think I'm your punching bag?" "Watch it-"
Jim was frustrated. 'Is Sienna really this stubborn? Nothing gets through to her.'
Sienna refused to back down. "What? Am I wrong?"
Jim's expression darkened, but before he could speak, he saw Leo walking in.
"What are you arguing about? What happened?" Leo asked.
Jim glanced at Sienna and replied coldly, "Ms. Bonita is missing, and Sienna knows her whereabouts but refuses to tell me!"
Sienna rolled her eyes at him again.
"With your attitude, do you really think you can get any information from me?"
Jim frowned and said, "Do you even know how important Ms. Bonita is to all of us in Arvandor? It's a critical moment. Can you stop talking about these trivial matters?" "Alright, let's stop arguing!" Leo quickly stepped between them to stop the argument.
"Sienna, tell me quickly, where did Ms. Bonita go?"
"She knocked me out, so I don't know where she went."
Jim and Leo's faces changed. Before Jim could ask Sienna for more information, she lifted her chin triumphantly.
"But don't worry, Grandpa. When she knocked me out, I grabbed her sleeve and secretly planted a tracker on her," she said smugly.
Leo patted her shoulder approvingly. "Well done! You truly are my granddaughter!"
"Of course. If I didn't have any outstanding qualities, how could I be called a genius?"
She then thought, 'Indeed, I excel in various things and deserve to feel proud. It's just that I was constantly overshadowed by Bonnie.
'But I won't bow down to Bonnie because I'll work twice as hard and surpass her one day.'
Jim said with relief, "Since you've placed a tracker on her, what are you waiting for? Open your phone and track her location. I'll immediately bring people over." "Hmph!" Sienna scoffed disdainfully. She quickly took out her phone and located Bonnie's position.
"Got it! She's on a nearby unnamed island."
Jim leaned over to look and quickly informed his subordinates to gather.
Leo also didn't waste any time and informed the members of the McLeod family to prepare.
Everyone had assembled in just over 10 minutes, and a group headed toward Bonnie's location in a mighty procession.
###Chapter 587
After a brief pause, Auguste started to speak again.
"Ms. Bonita, did you see that?"
Bonnie turned her head to look at him, and her voice was calm. "See what?"
"With your esteemed presence, my humble villa has become much more vibrant and full of life," Auguste said with a grin.
Bonnie's impatient eyes seemed to blaze. "Enough nonsense. Where is Ivor?"
Auguste replied with a smile, "Ms. Bonita, there's no need to rush. I have excellent tea from Arvandor here. Please have a seat, and let's have a nice chat. As for Mr. Ivor, I'll send someone to invite him over later."
She had no better option but to sit opposite Auguste patiently, although Bonnie was anxious about Ivor's situation.
With a wave of his hand, Auguste's subordinates quickly brought tea and placed it on the table. Auguste handed a porcelain cup to Bonnie.
"Ms. Bonita, please."
After taking the cup, Bonnie hesitated, as if thinking of something.
Augustus understood her concern and immediately explained, "Rest assured, Ms. Bonita, there's no poison in this tea."
Bonnie lightly traced her fingertips over the cup with a mysterious expression, then handed it back.
"I'll have you try it to know for sure."
Auguste took the cup and drank it all in one go, then showed the empty cup to Bonnie.
"Now, Ms. Bonita, do you believe there's no poison in this tea?"
Bonnie nodded with a faint smile. "Alright, I'll trust you this time."
Auguste instructed his subordinates to bring another cup, poured tea into it, and handed it to Bonnie again.
This time, Bonnie didn't refuse. She took a sip, and then asked, "You went to such lengths to abduct Ivor before. Now you've lured me here. What exactly do you want?" Auguste put down his teacup and smiled again.
"Ms. Bonita, you're quick-witted. Then I won't beat around the bush. I heard you've been working on an upgraded version of the latest nanomaterial. How's your research going? Have you come up with a new plan?"
Bonnie smirked lazily and leaned back on the sofa. The chilling gaze in her eyes had already seen through everything.
"So that's why you didn't choose to kill me directly but had someone bring me here. You wanted to steal my research results."
Auguste's smile became somewhat stiff.
He moved his mouth as if to say something, but Bonnie's voice rang out again before he could speak.
"Mr. Auguste, although I always thought you were a cunning person, your achievements in science are undeniable, and you have indeed made great contributions to the progress of human society.
"But now you are trying to steal others' research results. Such behavior is truly shameful to everyone in the scientific community!"
Bonnie's words made Auguste's face turn ugly. But just for a moment, he quickly suppressed all emotions and gave Bonnie a cold smile.
"What do you mean by stealing your research results? Aren't these results all mine? When did you ever research them?"
A hint of anger flickered in Bonnie's eyes, but she restrained herself.
###Chapter 588
"Mr. Auguste, you've taken the phrase 'shameless' to the extreme!"
Auguste shrugged indifferently.
"Say what you want. When the upgraded version of the latest nanomaterial is out, the world will only know it as my research achievement. They will only remember me, Auguste. You will remain completely unrelated to this achievement."
Bonnie glanced at Auguste and asked calmly, "If I give you the research materials, what will happen to me and Ivor?"
"Of course, I'll let you both leave safely."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows even higher. "Are you really so kind-hearted?"
Auguste confidently patted his chest. "Is my reputation as a leading researcher not enough?"
With a tinge of sarcasm, the corner of Bonnie's mouth curled upward. "Reputation as a leading researcher? What value does your reputation hold if you're capable of such despicable acts?"
Auguste couldn't hold back Bonnie's continuous mockery, and his tone grew heavier. "Ms. Bonita! Don't forget, you're at my mercy now. Would you perhaps think about your own circumstances before speaking to me in this manner?"
Bonnie was unaffected by his words and remained calm, "Is that so? Are you sure you're not the one seeking my help? Asking me for the research materials for the upgraded nanomaterial?"
Auguste's eyes looked intense. "So what if I am? Now, your fate and that of Mr. Ivor are in my hands. I can do whatever I want."
"Haha."
Hearing her cold laughter, Auguste's face stiffened even more. "What are you laughing at?"
Bonnie spoke slowly and calmly, "If you wanted us dead, you would've done it already. Why waste time talking to me? Aren't you also seeking my help?"
August felt Bonnie looked down on him as if he were an ant to her. His face was practically purple.
Ignoring Auguste's reaction, Bonnie stood up from the sofa and said, "I don't have time to waste with you. Let me see him immediately, or I won't say another word." Afraid that he wouldn't be able to get any information out of her, Auguste had no choice but to call over Tyree.
"Tyree, take her to see Mr. Ivor."
"Okay." Tyree appeared and gestured politely to Bonnie. "Ms. Bonita, this way, please."
"Okay." Bonnie followed Tyree to the third floor of the villa.
When they reached the corner room on the left, Tyree stopped.
"Mr. Ivor is right here."
With a shaking hold on the door handle, Bonnie walked up carefully. Then she took a deep breath and pushed the door open with force.
###Chapter 589
She held her breath, afraid of seeing something unpleasant.
Fortunately, Ivor's condition wasn't as terrifying as she had imagined. His wounds had healed gradually, though he was still lying on the bed with his eyes closed. It indicated that Auguste had provided him with good treatment during this period.
Bonnie slowly approached Ivor with heavy footsteps. The moment she held his ice-cold fingertips, her eyes reddened slightly. However, she soon realized something was amiss.
She turned her head and glared at Auguste
"You injected him with anesthesia?"
Auguste wore a face of innocence.
"Ms. Bonita, it's not my fault. Mr. Ivor is too formidable. My men couldn't contain him, no matter what they did. I had to take this precaution to prevent his wounds from tearing due to excessive struggle." Bonnie gave him a strange half-smile.
"So, should I thank you then?"
"You're welcome." Auguste pretended to be generous. "After all, both of us are experts in the scientific community, and helping each other is only natural."
Bonnie nodded in agreement.
"Since you took such good care of Ivor, I will assist you in developing the most recent nanomaterial data."
Auguste's eyes lit up with joy. "Are you really willing to do that?"
Bonnie nodded earnestly. "Of course, you just said we should help each other, right? But this repayment seems a bit small for you. I also want to give you another reward." Amidst Auguste's excitement, a hint of doubt lingered in his heart. "What reward?"
Bonnie smirked. "Haven't you noticed any discomfort yet?"
Before Auguste could react, he felt an intense itch crawling up from the soles of his feet, making him unable to resist scratching.
However, as soon as he began to scratch, it was as though he had set off a switch; the intense itching overcame him, and all he could do was m***.
Scratching himself while casting a resentful gaze at Bonnie, he asked, "When did you poison me?"
Bonnie casually raised an eyebrow. "Guess."
While struggling to endure the increasingly intense itching sensation coursing through his body, Auguste recalled everything Bonnie did after she entered. Suddenly, he caught onto something and looked at Bonnie with shock and anger.
"Did you poison me when we were drinking tea?"
Bonnie didn't respond, essentially confirming it.
No matter how hard he tried to tolerate it, Auguste could not bear the itching all over his body. "Ms. Bonita, I didn't expect you to be so skilled in toxicology." Bonnie responded casually, "There are many things I'm capable of that you don't know about."
###Chapter 590
"Damn-"
Auguste barely uttered a word before the itchiness engulfed him, leaving him no choice but to stand in place and scratch incessantly. Tyree and the other masked individuals all pointed their guns at Bonnie. "She drugged Mr. Auguste and must be captured!"
Everyone echoed, "Yes!"
As they approached, Bonnie immediately made a gesture to stop them.
"Don't rush. Let me kindly inform you that no one in this world besides me can cure the poison in Mr. Auguste. If you make me unhappy, Mr. Auguste will be in trouble."
Despite the bloodstains on Auguste's body from scratching, he refused to bow down to Bonnie. "Do you think your words can threaten us?"
Bonnie smiled. "I believe you've heard of the famous Arvandor physician, Dr. Fanelli Bonaldi, right?"
Auguste felt a sense of foreboding.
"I have, but what does she have to do with this?"
Bonnie's smile widened.
"You just mentioned my expertise in toxicology. Now, why would I bring up Dr. Fanelli Bonaldi? Can't you guess my intentions?"
Realizing Bonnie's implication, Auguste's eyes widened in shock and disbelief. "You... could it be... you..."
He was too stunned to continue. Never in a million years did he expect Bonnie to be Dr. Fanelli Bonaldi.
Bonnie remained calm. "Judging by your reaction, you must have heard of Dr. Fanelli. So, do you think anyone else in the world can cure the poison I administered?"
With each word Bonnie spoke, Auguste and Tyree's faces grew darker.
Glancing at them lightly, Bonnie continued, "Of course, you can try your luck with other doctors, but with your current condition, you'll be itching unbearably within an hour. Even if you scratch yourself, it won't help.
"You'll have to ask your subordinates to scratch you. And in the end, there's only one outcome for you-scratching yourself to death."
Even though Auguste didn't want to believe what Bonnie was saying, he was forced to accept it as his body began to respond violently.
"So, what do you want?" Auguste gritted his teeth.
He would have been more cautious if he had known Bonnie was so clever.
"My conditions are simple. Let us go, and I'll have the antidote sent to you later."
Auguste frowned while weighing whether Bonnie's words were worth believing.
Tyree suddenly spoke up, "Mr. Auguste, she's a cunning fraud. Don't believe her! We should capture her, torture her severely, and I believe she'll hand over the antidote."
Auguste had been unsure whether to believe Bonnie's words, but he thought Tyree made sense. He looked at Bonnie with chilling hostility.
"You're right. We should capture her, torture her severely, and force her to give up the antidote!"
###Chapter 591
Tyree and the masked individuals raised their guns and closed in on Bonnie.
Standing motionless, Bonnie watched them converge on her from all directions. Nevertheless, she looked fearless.
She said nothing until Tyree was about to approach her to grab her.
"You can arrest me, torture me, and interrogate me for the antidote. But you'll find it hard to extract any useful information from me, even after days of torture. Mr. Auguste, your time is limited, with only one hour left..."
She glanced at her watch and continued, "Oh, no, my mistake. Five minutes have already passed, so you have fifty-five minutes left. Do you think you can endure it?"
"How dare you "
Auguste barely had time to speak before the unbearable sensation of itching surged over him, tormenting him relentlessly.
He couldn't alleviate the sensation, whether he tried to scratch or not. In the end, he fell to the ground and rolled around in agony.
"Ah! Ah! Ah!"
Auguste's voice of agony echoed throughout the villa.
"Mr. Auguste!" Tyree shouted anxiously before running over to help Auguste get up from the ground.
"Are you okay?"
Auguste's forehead was covered in cold sweat and turned extremely pale. He finally realized the severity of the poison Bonnie had administered.
He gritted his teeth and asked, "If I let you and Mr. Ivor go, will you give me the antidote?"
Bonnie nodded. "That's right! And I can swear in the name of my academic title that once we leave safely, I'll have the antidote sent to you. You should know that I always keep my promises, unlike some people with useless reputations."
Auguste's face contorted as if he were constipated. But the discomfort caused by these words was dwarfed by the agonizing itching sensation in his body.
It felt like he was being eaten alive by ants, unable to live or die. Without exaggeration, this itching sensation was driving him almost insane.
Tyree looked at Bonnie with intense hostility. "Bonnie, do you think you're noble after resorting to these tactics?"
"I've never claimed to be noble, but even so, I would never stoop to stealing someone else's research achievements."
Tyree was immediately silenced. He knew he couldn't argue with her.
Seeing that Auguste was on the verge of collapse, Bonnie didn't bother to continue arguing with Tyree. She stood up from her chair and strolled to him.
"Mr. Auguste, I think you're about to give in. Make a decision quickly, and let's not waste each other's time."
Sweat-soaked, Auguste fixed his intense gaze on Bonnie for a long moment before taking a deep breath.
"Fine! I'll let you go, but once you're back, you must send me the antidote immediately."
Tyree didn't expect Auguste to agree so readily and wanted to interject. "Mr. Auguste, are you sure you want to do this? What if—"
Before he could finish his sentence, Auguste's roar cut him off.
"If I don't do this, do you want to watch me die? Or have you been coveting my position, hoping for my early demise?"
Tyree was unsure what to say, and finally lowered his head in silence before speaking softly, "I wouldn't dare."
Watching Tyree retreat to the corner, Mr. Auguste waved his hand to his subordinates nearby.
"Let them go."
"Yes." The subordinates responded in unison and quickly stepped aside to make way.
###Chapter 592
Seizing the opportunity, Bonnie walked to the edge of the bed and helped Ivor up.
She held his broad hand and placed it on her shoulder. Feeling the man's breath, Bonnie felt a sense of unprecedented relief in her heart. "Ivor, hang in there. I'll take you home."
The two of them walked toward the gate, and none of Auguste's subordinates dared to come forward to stop them.
After walking for a while, Bonnie suddenly heard the roaring sound of a helicopter in her ears.
Looking up, she saw the emblem of the military on the helicopter.
"Mr. Auguste, we've been tricked. Look, she didn't come alone!" Tyree shouted angrily.
Auguste looked at the helicopter circling overhead. He pointed frantically toward Bonnie and Ivor with intense anger.
"Damn it! They dare to deceive me! Go after them! Capture them! I want them torn limb from limb!"
"Yes!"
The subordinates quickly surrounded Bonnie and Ivor.
Bonnie didn't expect such a turn of events. Seeing the people approaching, she grabbed Ivor and ran forward without a word.
The people behind them pursued them relentlessly.
Bonnie struggled to drag Ivor along and didn't even turn to look back.
When the footsteps behind them slowed, she cast a tentative glance back. Seeing them gradually distancing themselves from the pursuers, Bonnie couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.
She suddenly slipped under her feet when she turned her head, and her whole body tumbled downward.
But even so, she couldn't care less about herself, still worrying about Ivor.
"Ivor!" She instinctively shouted.
Ivor appeared to hear her call as he fell alongside her. His eyes, which had been shut, opened. He extended his long arms at the perfect moment, drawing her firmly into his arms so she was engulfed in his body.
Feeling the man's protection, Bonnie felt warm inside, as if tears were about to well up in her eyes.
The two of them tumbled and rolled together down to the ground.
"Umph!" A muffled g*** escaped the man's lips, sounding painful to Bonnie's ears.
"Ivor, are you okay? Are you hurt?"
Bonnie nervously grabbed Ivor's hand to check if he was injured.
His large palm extended to grasp her hand, and a genuine affection filled his gaze. "I'm fine, absolutely fine. Don't worry."
Bonnie looked at Ivor. Although his tone was relaxed, she still felt a bit worried. She carefully checked if Ivor was bleeding. "Really? Nothing at all?"
Ivor seemed to think of something, deliberately letting out a soft sigh. "Oh."
Bonnie quickly looked at him nervously. "What's wrong?"
Ivor pointed to the location of his heart.
"Everything else is fine, just this, something feels off."
###Chapter 593
Seeing him press down on the spot where he was shot before, Bonnie became even more nervous.
"Did you hurt yourself trying to protect me? Unbutton your shirt and let me see."
As she spoke, she reached out to pull Ivor's clothes. Just as her fingertips touched the buttons, he held her hand.
"Silly girl, I'm just too happy. This heart of mine is beating so intensely because of your worry for me."
Bonnie looked into Ivor's eyes, filled with deep affection, and blushed. "I think you're deliberately saying these things to scare me!"
"I'm not scaring you, I'm genuinely happy." Ivor hugged Bonnie tightly. "Bonnie, did I pass the assessment? Can you agree to me now?"
Ivor's captivating gaze made Bonnie uneasy, causing her ears to flush red. She turned her head away.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
Seeing her avoid the question, Ivor's hand tightened around her waist.
"Bonnie, can you stop torturing me like this? Tell me the answer quickly, can you agree to me now?"
Bonnie raised her eyes and looked closely at Ivor's handsome face.
Although he had recovered, his pale complexion showed visible signs of fatigue. Recalling the time he had devoted to her beyond measure, her heart suddenly softened. "Okay, I agree."
Ivor's eyes instantly lit up, his excitement hard to express. He tightly hugged Bonnie and was unwilling to let go.
"Hahaha! Bonnie, you're finally mine!"
His voice was loud and exuberant. He seemed to want to tell the whole world that Bonnie was his woman.
Ivor was loud enough that Jim heard him on the helicopter.
Jim looked down and watched Bonnie and Ivor tightly embrace each other. He smiled joyfully.
Just then, a voice came through his earpiece.
"Mr. Jim, we have surrounded this place. What should we do next?"
Jim's smile faded slightly, and he ordered in a deep voice, "Capture them all. Anyone who resists, kill them on the spot!"
As he spoke, he paused momentarily, then continued, "Make sure to capture Auguste alive!"
With that, a fierce look appeared on Jim's face. 'Anyone who dared to harm Bonnie will not be let off lightly! By letting him live, I will personally make him experience hell on earth.'
In the bushes, Bonnie noticed many heads poking out of the helicopter, and a hint of embarrassment appeared on her face.
"Why are you shouting so loudly? Afraid others won't hear you?"
Ivor admitted frankly, "Yes, I'm afraid others won't hear me, afraid they won't know I have such a good wife."
Ivor's shamelessness left Bonnie speechless, her cheeks burning even redder.
"Shameless."
"Yeah, I'm shameless."
Ivor took advantage of Bonnie's unguarded moment and pounced on her.
"After all, what is more important than having a wife?"
Feeling the thick breath of the man enveloping her, Bonnie's cheeks reddened even more while her small hand pressed against the man's broad chest. "Everyone's watching. What are you saying?"
Ivor smiled.
###Chapter 594
"This is outrageous to you? I want to do something even more outrageous."
Bonnie hesitated, but before she could react, she felt his moist lips.
Realizing what he was doing, Bonnie tightened her grip on Ivor's collar.
Sensing Bonnie's tense body, Ivor gently patted her shoulder.
"In this situation, you should enjoy it, relax, and don't be nervous."
Although Bonnie thought Ivor was being shameless, she had to admit he had a point. After all, they had officially confirmed their relationship, so there was no need to be coy. Since Ivor had taken the initiative, she couldn't fall behind.
With this in mind, Bonnie wrapped her arms around Ivor's neck and fiercely kissed him back. Her response made Ivor even more excited, and he lost himself in kissing her passionately. Jim blushed on the helicopter. He quickly issued a command. "Everyone, lift your heads and don't look down."
The subordinates on the helicopter all followed the order except for Sienna, who was stubborn and insisted on peeking down.
As she watched, she smiled. After watching for a full ten seconds, she withdrew her gaze.
Then, she jumped off the helicopter with a parachute and rushed into the villa to start a massacre. Bonnie and Ivor continued to kiss passionately, unaffected in the slightest.
After dealing with everything, they returned to Pyralis.
Ivor stepped out of the car first and held Bonnie's arm gently as she got down. "Be careful."
Bonnie pushed away his hand, "Do you think I'm a fragile vase?"
Ivor shamelessly said, "You're not a vase, you're my treasure."
Bonnie's lips twitched before she rolled her eyes at him. "I don't want to talk to you so much."
She looped her arm through Ivor's and supported him forward. "Let me support you, after all, you're injured."
Ivor wouldn't miss any opportunity to take advantage of his future wife. Hearing Bonnie's words, he leaned toward her shoulder.
Although he was taking advantage of her, he also cared about her situation.
"Honey, am I pressing too hard on you?"
Bonnie's eyes looked helpless, "If you want to lean, then lean. I'm strong, not as weak as you think."
Ivor chuckled. "Yes, my wife is a strong woman. Every part of her is strong but only one place is the softest." Bonnie staggered. Just now, she saw the man's gaze passing over her chest.
"Your mind is in the wrong place. I advise you not to speak, or I can't guarantee that I won't knock you over."
Ivor smiled. "I think it's your mind that's in the wrong place. I'm not talking about that, but the internal part, your heart." Bonnie could tell that Ivor was being deliberate. If it weren't for his injury, she would have thrown him to the ground. "Shut up!"
Ivor immediately made a gesture to close his mouth with his hand. "Okay, since my wife won't let me speak, I won't speak."
###Chapter 595
With smiles of relief, the staff watched the sweet scene behind them.
"It seems that Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie have reached a new level in their relationship."
"This is truly a cause for celebration! I'm so happy for Mr. Ivor."
"Yes, Mr. Ivor has been pursuing Ms. Bonnie for so long, and finally, he has seen the light at the end of the tunnel."
...
The whole villa was filled with a festive atmosphere as blessings poured in.
In the evening, Bonnie prepared a table full of dishes, all of which were Ivor's favorite foods. Leaning on his chin, a hint of satisfaction shone in his eyes while Bonnie bustled in the kitchen. "This feeling is nice."
Bonnie glanced at him but didn't respond to his remark. Instead, she pushed a bowl towards him. "Let's eat."
Ivor leaned back in his chair and stared straight at Bonnie.
"Honey, I'm injured. Can't you feed me?"
Bonnie glanced at him. "I remember you're not that delicate and fragile."
Ivor shrugged and looked innocent.
"But I got hurt for someone. Oh well, since you're unwilling to feed me, I'll eat by myself."
With that, Ivor clumsily picked up his cutlery. After struggling to pick up a piece of vegetable, it fell back onto the table.
Then he tried again, but the same thing happened. The food dropped back onto the table.
Watching the whole process, Bonnie took a deep breath. She recalled how he had risked his life to protect her. So, his request for her to feed him wasn't too much.
Reluctantly, she picked up a piece of meat with her fork and brought it to his lips. "Eat."
Ivor knew Bonnie's patience was limited, so he didn't hesitate. He took the meat from her fork and savored it, his eyes filled with satisfaction.
"The dishes you feed me are always delicious."
Ivor also picked up a piece of fish and removed the bones before offering it to Bonnie.
"Honey, you should eat, too."
"Mm." Bonnie didn't refuse and started eating.
After a few minutes, Ivor suddenly spoke up. "Honey, let's get engaged again."
Bonnie was stunned. She was unsure of what Ivor was up to.
"Engaged again?"
Ivor nodded. "Yes, engaged again. What do you think, honey?"
Bonnie furrowed her brows lightly and asked, "But didn't we already get engaged before?"
"Yes, we did. But that engagement ceremony was too hasty, with only family present. This time, I plan to hold a very grand engagement ceremony and invite everyone in our circle in Pyralis. Then, I'll choose a date for our wedding after we get engaged."
"It's just an engagement ceremony. Is it necessary to be so extravagant?"
"Is this considered extravagant? I plan to buy an island when we get married and plant all the flowers you like on the island. Wouldn't that be a romantic thing to do? It will be a memory for a lifetime." "Won't you be tired of it?"
"This is a major event in life. What's there to be tired of? Don't you think it's something to be happy about?"
Bonnie pursed her lips and pondered momentarily before saying, "Let's skip the engagement."
Upon hearing this, the light in Ivor's eyes gradually dimmed, and his smile faded.
'Didn't Bonnie agree to be with me already? Why wouldn't she want to get engaged again? Is it because she's only reluctantly with me because I saved her? It seems I need to work even harder to win Bonnie's heart.'
Just then, Bonnie spoke with determination. "Why not just get married right away?"
The dimness in his eyes vanished instantly, replaced by a radiant glow.
"W-What did you say? Are you saying you want to marry me right away?"
Ivor was so excited that he stammered, which made Bonnie smile.
###Chapter 596
This man always radiated dominance in front of outsiders, but now he seemed as childish as a kid.
Seeing Bonnie remain silent, Ivor asked again, "Honey, are you serious? You're not joking with me, right?" Bonnie raised an eyebrow lightly and said, "Do I look like someone who would joke about such a thing?"
Ivor excitedly lifted Bonnie from her chair and spun around with joy.
Bonnie held onto his shoulders. "Stop spinning. I'm getting dizzy."
Ivor exclaimed, "I'll call Grandpa right away to choose a date for us."
He quickly brought Sigmund over and informed him of Bonnie's willingness to marry him. Sigmund was also delighted and immediately took out a calendar to look for a good wedding date. "The most suitable time for the wedding is early next year."
Ivor became anxious immediately. "Early next year? That's still several months away. Aren't there any sooner dates?"
"A wedding is a major event. It can't be rushed." Seeing Ivor's impatient look, Sigmund teased, "Back then, when I arranged this marriage for you, you were completely unwilling. Now, you're in a hurry." Ivor replied confidently, "That was then, and this is now."
He then turned to Bonnie, took her hand, and said, "Honey, Grandpa said we have to wait until early next year. Are you not anxious? I'm sure you're very anxious, right? How about we get married today? We can have a simple wedding ceremony tonight."
Bonnie replied, "Didn't you say you wanted to prepare a grand wedding? It's already evening. Are you sure you want to rush into marriage like this?"
Ivor looked crestfallen and pleaded with her, "Well then, during this time, please don't run away."
Upon hearing this, Bonnie's expression turned stern. "Ivor, what do you think of me? If I agree to marry you, I will be wholeheartedly devoted to you. But there's no point in getting married if you don't trust me, even on the most basic level."
Ivor immediately became nervous and apologized, "Honey, I'm sorry. Please don't be angry."
Sigmund only smiled. The men from the Knight family would often spoil their wives, and the women would stay by them forever.
After soothing Bonnie, Ivor immediately began drafting the invitation list.
"Honey, who do you want to invite? Do you need my help?"
Bonnie pondered for a moment. "There are quite a few people I want to invite. I'll handle it myself."
"My poor wife." Ivor walked behind Bonnie and started massaging her shoulders.
Bonnie smiled and began thinking about whom to invite. 'Heath Rice and his family are definitely on the list. Then there are my disciples, the president of the Gemstone Association, Kay Steele...
'Of course, my seniors and kickboxing master would be invited without question. Russell and Elliana Barker... Who else...? I needed to think carefully and not forget anyone.'
In the study, Ivor was making his guest list when suddenly, there was a knock on the door.
He paused and said, "Come in."
His aunt and uncle entered the study. A hint of surprise flashed in Ivor's eyes.
"Uncle Gunnar and Aunt Sydney, what brings you here?"
The couple glanced at each other. Then Sydney stepped forward and asked, "Ivor, we heard that you're going to marry Bonnie?"
A gentle smile appeared on Ivor's face. "Yes."
Sydney furrowed her brows, looking somewhat hesitant.
"I don't think Bonnie is suitable for you, to be honest. So, I found a different match for you. She's impeccable in terms of family background, looks, and talent. She's many times better than Bonnie. Would you like to meet her? Maybe you'll hit it off?"
Ivor frowned. "Are you trying to arrange a blind date for me?"
###Chapter 597
Listening to his increasingly serious tone, Sydney's heart skipped a beat. She smiled awkwardly and said, "It's not a blind date. It's just a simple meeting. So you can get to know each other." Ivor maintained a severe expression and responded, "Aunt Sydney, I will only marry Bonnie in this lifetime. Apart from her, I don't want anyone else. So please don't meddle."
Sydney's expression turned unpleasant.
"Ivor, is it appropriate to pamper her like this? Are you not worried about spoiling her if you continue to treat her this way?"
Ivor raised an eyebrow and countered, "By your logic, does that mean you don't want your husband to treat you well? Or are you jealous of my wife?"
Everyone desired to be pampered and well-treated by their spouse. Sydney was no exception. After hearing Ivor's words, she couldn't help feeling envious. Then, she turned her head and directed her anger toward Gunnar.
Even though Sydney didn't say anything, Gunnar immediately understood her meaning. Instantly, cold sweat beaded on his forehead, and he hurriedly defended himself.
"Honey, am I not good enough for you? I buy you anything you want and listen to whatever you say. You're my everything! I've already given you everything I can. Will you stop looking at me like that?" Sydney's lips curled up in satisfaction. "That's right."
Seeing the smile on Sydney's face, Ivor chuckled. "Aunt Sydney, look at how well Uncle Gunnar treats you, and how much he spoils you. So why can't I treat my wife the same way?"
Sydney's mouth twitched, but she couldn't utter a word.
"Aunt Sydney, if there's nothing else, you can go home. I have some work to attend to." Ivor knew Sydney had nothing more to say and gave her a way out.
After all, Sydney was his uncle's wife.
Sydney smiled and replied, "Then we won't disturb your work. You focus on what you need to do."
She then walked over, grabbed Gunnar's sleeve, and pulled him away.
Sydney became increasingly angry as she paced back and forth in the living room at home.
"I just can't understand. Besides her pretty face, what does Bonnie have to offer? The Knight family is wealthy and influential. Ivor can get any other outstanding young lady. Why does he have to settle with Bonnie?"
Gunnar stood up, pulled her to the sofa, and patted her back to calm her down.
"If it doesn't work out, we'll think of another way. Don't get angry. What if you ruin your health?"
Sydney didn't respond; her brows furrowed as she pondered feasible solutions.
Then, she thought of something, and her eyes lit up. "Do you remember Mr. Gallagher's granddaughter, Eloise Gallagher?"
Gunnar quickly said, "Yes, I remember. That girl and Ivor were childhood friends, and they got along well. Everyone thought they would end up together. However, after she left to pursue her studies overseas, they rarely contacted each other."
"Yes, that's her! I heard she had a crush on Ivor back then and has remained single all these years. If she found out Ivor is marrying someone else, what would she do?"
Gunnar understood her meaning. "You mean, you want to use her to break up Ivor and Bonnie's relationship?"
"Exactly." Sydney nodded, "If she came back, Ivor will definitely choose her."
Gunnar always supported his wife wholeheartedly. "I'll find out her contact information."
"Well, let me know when you find out, and I'll contact her myself."
A sinister smile appeared on Sydney's face.
The reason she hated Bonnie so much was entirely because of her son. The fact that he was expelled from Arvandor because of Bonnie was still vivid in her memory. However, Bonnie eventually relented and allowed her son to return to the country.
###Chapter 598
Still, she was unable to control her rage. Bonnie had impacted her son's mind, as he began to follow her every other day like a lackey. She didn't understand at first, but then she realized that Bonnie must have impacted her son's thoughts.
"Damn Bonnie! I swear that I will ruin your marriage with Ivor. I must watch you being driven out of the Knight family!"
The next day, the Knight Group announced on its official website that Ivor and Bonnie would be married early next year.
This news generated an uproar as soon as it was released. Nearly a thousand comments were updated in just a few minutes.
Amidst the comments, an account with a certified badge suddenly appeared in the comment section.
Famous basketball celebrity Johnnie Hinton commented, "Congratulations to the two soon-to-be-wed couples. Wishing you a hundred years of happiness."
As soon as this comment appeared, netizens flocked to comment under Johnnie's account.
"I didn't expect the renowned basketball celebrity to have such a close relationship with the Knight family."
"Indeed, it's the Knight family, the wealthiest family in Pyralis! Look at their connection!"
"Sigh... when will I be able to be friends with the big shots?"
While netizens were discussing fervently, another account with a certified badge suddenly appeared in the comment section.
Pan, President of the Gemstone Association commented, "I will personally offer a pair of top-quality diamonds for the wedding."
"Wow! What brings in the president of the Gemstone Association?"
"My goodness, to see two of my favorite big shots together in my lifetime, I can die without regrets!"
"Tsk tsk, incredible, truly incredible."
However, what shocked netizens even more was yet to come.
Quenton Hill, the tea master, also came forward. "A beautiful love is like a pot of good tea, still fragrant after a thousand brews. I hope the two of you will walk hand in hand and always remember your original intentions."
Soon, Russell and Elliana Barker sent their blessings. One was the former president of Pyralis University, and the other was the President of the Pyralian Pianists Association. They wrote, "There's nothing more to say. You two are a perfect match."
The most exclusive fashion designer, Hamish Evans, followed closely. "Congratulations! All your wedding dresses and accessories will be entrusted to me."
Netizens were startled when these big shots, rarely seen by the general public, started appearing one after another.
"I'm stunned! Within a day, I saw so many living big shots active here."
"Who would've thought to see so many big shots on the Knight Family's page, I feel like I've also joined the upper class."
"Hey, you! Your feeling is an illusion. Who are you to join the upper class?"
"Damn, I'll fight you with my knowledge of the upper class."
Amidst the shock and argument, several more accounts with certified badges arrived.
Bonnie's fellow disciples in the kickboxing world also chimed in. They commented that they would present grand wedding gifts to the couple.
###Chapter 599
As the big shots kept coming, netizens were shocked to numbness.
"A-Are these big shots real or fake? I'm completely mystified."
"They all have certified badges, how could they be fake? I'm so glad I woke up early to check Twitter today, or I wouldn't have seen such a spectacle."
"Yes, all thanks to the lucky person marrying the Knight Group's president."
"I'm curious! What does the person marrying President Knight look like?"
"As a woman, tears of envy stream down my face."
The comment section kept refreshing, all in awe of the appearance of these big shots. However, the following comment that appeared shocked netizens even more.
Master Arturo commented, "Old folks don't talk much. I'll just say congratulations to express my feelings."
The netizens were even more enthralled when Master Arturo himself appeared to bestow his blessings in addition to the prior big shots.
"Oh my god, even Master Arturo, who rarely posts on Twitter, has come. We have to thank Mr. Knight's announcement, or we wouldn't have seen so many big shots gathered here." "Who would've thought? I'm so shocked I can't even speak."
"My mouth is gaping. My mom thought there was something wrong with my mouth and wanted to take me to the hospital. Who can understand my pain and shock?" Finally, another official account appeared.
It was the research institute of Ms. Bonita. "Our entire team wishes the two of you a long and happy life together, never to be apart."
The appearance of so many big shots had already shocked netizens. Now, the blessing from Ms. Bonita's research institute caused an even greater stir.
"Oh my god, even Ms. Bonita's research institute has come to give their blessings! The Knight family's connections are so vast. This is truly astonishing!"
As this comment came out, soon there were skeptical voices.
"Don't you guys think these big shots appearing are not just because of the Knight family? Although the Knight family is the wealthiest family in Pyralis, they've had many events in the past. But we haven't seen these big shots flocking like this. Could there be other reasons?"
"You make a good point. I remember when Gunnar Knight was married, it didn't cause such a stir."
"If it's not the Knight family, then could it be the new bride of the Knight family? Could her identity be extraordinary?"
"Stop kidding, that would be too far-fetched, right? She's so young, how much achievement and status could she have? How could these big shots come out to offer blessings because of her?" "You make sense. So who could it be? Who has such great abilities to gather all these big shots together?"
"Who knows?"
Just as everyone was speculating about Bonnie's identity, someone noticed that the renowned King of Combat, Jim, personally tagged Ivor's Twitter account and gave his congratulations. "Congratulations to the two of you for finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel after so much hardship and getting married. Congratulations."
Jim's appearance prompted netizens speculating about the identity of the lucky person about to marry into the Knight family to come out and express their views.
"Um... excuse me, I have a bold guess. Could it be... Ms. Bonita is the one who's marrying into the Knight family?!"
"You're really stretching it, aren't you? Ms. Bonita is busy with the lab. How could she have the time to talk about marriage?"
"I think you need to see a doctor. I'm a psychiatrist, do you need an appointment?"
"That guy just now really has an extraordinary imagination."
###Chapter 600
"I don't think it's impossible at all! Although Ms. Bonita is a legend in the Arvandor research field, Knight Group's CEO is also outstanding. He's the man that every woman in Pyralis dreams of marrying. Maybe they hit it off and decided to get married?"
"Yeah, who can say for sure when it comes to relationships?"
As everyone expressed their opinions and debated, Trina Shepard became pale. Her hand gripping the phone tightened. She was 80 percent sure that Ivor was the president of the Knight Group.
Of course, this was just speculation. Trina couldn't be fully sure without a definite answer.
She suddenly recalled seeing Ivor and Ms. Bonita's silhouette at the airport when she accompanied her parents to a symposium. Ms. Bonita looked very similar to Bonnie.
'Is Bonnie actually-
She shook her head vigorously and muttered, "That's impossible. How can that useless Bonnie be Ms. Bonita? It must be a coincidence. All of this is just a coincidence."
Suddenly, she remembered Bonnie's acquaintance with Jim, and her face turned paler. Although Trina was unwilling to admit it, if Bonnie were Ms. Bonita, everything would have a reasonable explanation.
However, Trina had no way to verify the truth. If she could, she wanted to rush to Bonnie right now and ask her everything.
However, to avoid getting kicked out of Pyralis University again, she had to be careful not to act irrationally in front of Bonnie.
On the other hand, if Bonnie told her she was Ms. Bonita, she wouldn't be able to bear this shock. Hence, she could only silently pray that Bonnie was not Ms. Bonita.
Because of the appearance of various big shots on Twitter, storms had been stirred up. Bonnie didn't have time to care because she had received phone calls non-stop. Just as she hung up one call, she received another from Heath.
"Bonnie, congratulations! You and Mr. Ivor are finally together. Am I the first one to call and congratulate you? How do you feel? Are you excited? Happy? Touched?"
Bonnie sipped her water. Too much speaking made her throat almost hoarse. "Um, do you want to hear the truth or a lie?"
Heath didn't understand why Bonnie asked this. "Of course, I want to hear the truth!"
"Let me see." Bonnie glanced at her phone, "You are the 189th person to call me. You'd probably be 200th if you were a little later."
Heath's eyes widened, "189th? I used my family's Twitter account to send you blessings and called you immediately after. I didn't expect to be so far down the line. Bonnie, your social connections are amazing."
"It's okay," Bonnie said indifferently.
"Tsk tsk... you're showing off. It's breaking my little heart."
"Okay, thank you for your blessings. If there's nothing else, I'll hang up. I don't want to talk anymore, or my throat will be ruined."
"All right, let's meet up another day then."
Just as Bonnie hung up the phone, Ivor grabbed her waist. "Honey, I'm happy today. Finally, I announced that you're mine. From now on, you won't be able to escape from me."
###Chapter 601
Bonnie turned and raised her brows at Ivor, saying, "I've decided you're the one. That means I'll never change my mind for the rest of my life or leave you. However, that's only true if you don't do anything that'l let me down. Otherwise, I'll give you the boot."
She knew he would not do that. She had agreed to his proposal because she trusted him wholeheartedly. Still, she felt she needed to say those things.
Ivor raised a hand and swore, "I promise never to betray your trust. If I do something that foolish, God will strike me with thunder and make me die a horrible—"
Before he could finish, Bonnie covered his mouth and asked, "Why do you have to curse yourself?"
He pecked her palm and said, "Are you worried about me?"
His kiss gave Bonnie a tingling sensation that made her withdraw her hand. She calmly replied, "No, the thought of finding another man to marry if something happens to you irritates me." "Then, you're overthinking it. There's no need to get irritated because I'll be the only husband you'll ever have." Ivor grunted lightly before carrying her into the room.
Before Bonnie knew it, she was already lying on the bed. "What do you think you're doing?"
She motioned to sit down, but Ivor grabbed her waist and pinned her onto the bed. "What do you think I'm doing?"
Bonnie felt something stiff rubbing against her, causing her to blush. "W-We're not married yet, Ivor. Don't do anything rash."
"I know that," his voice was husky as he brushed her hair aside and kissed her forehead. "I just want to kiss you. I won't do anything else."
Bonnie gripped his sleeves earlier, but she relaxed after he said that. "Be quick about it, and don't even think about crossing the line."
Ivor kissed her lips, taking her breath away. Considering their current relationship, Bonnie decided to stop being pretentious. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. Moments later, Ivor's breathing intensified. He could feel himself losing control, so he unwillingly stopped himself. Then, he pressed his forehead against hers and said, "I love you so much, Bonnie." Although she did not respond, she hugged him tighter. That gesture revealed all her feelings for him. The couple leaned on each other wordlessly. It was a simple hug but enough to fill the air with love.
Bonnie had some free time after dealing with everything. She recalled her promise to Orson to show him some pointers, so she called him and asked, "Orson, do you remember me talking about asking Master Kieran to show you some pointers?"
He was excited when she said that. He replied, "Of course I do! It's the only thing I cared about since my art exhibition ended. I was waiting for you to call, but you never did. I didn't bug you because I thought you'd be too busy. I'm excited that you finally called."
"You're right. I was pretty busy over the past few weeks. I'm calling you now because I have some free time. Just let me know when you're free, and I'll get Master Kieran to meet you."
"I'm available any time. I'll work my schedule around hers. Just tell me when Master Kieran is available."
###Chapter 602
Bonnie rubbed her chin in thought before giving Orson a meetup time. "Let's meet at six in the evening at Colonial Cuppa."
"Sure thing. That works for me," Orson replied happily, "Thank you for asking Master Kieran out for me. I don't know how to repay you."
"I barely did anything. You don't have to thank me," Bonnie said smilingly, "All right, then. I'll see you tomorrow evening."
"Okay, sure thing." Orson could barely contain his excitement.
The following evening, Bonnie left at half past five. Immediately after, she received a call from Kay, who sounded excited, "Are you free now, Master? I'm considering visiting you and learning some shadowboxing."
Bonnie entered her car and answered, "I'm busy now, but you can practice by yourself first. I'll give you some pointers at your place once I'm free."
"Okay, then. I'll see you later, Master." Kay was understanding, as she knew how busy Bonnie usually was. Then, the former realized something and scratched the back of her head, saying, "Um, something strange is happening. Grandpa was on cloud nine today. He was acting mysterious, too. I wonder who he's about to meet."
Bonnie smirked but kept Kay on the hook. "It might be someone you know."
"Huh? Besides you, I don't know anyone else who can excite him," Kay said, realizing something was amiss, "Wait a minute, Master. Why do you put it that way? Do you know something I don't?" "I guess you can say that," Bonnie said casually.
Kay asked again, "Who is it, Master? Come on. Hurry up and tell me. I want to know who's capable of making Grandpa so excited."
"It's no one important. I'm sure your grandpa will tell you once he gets home." Bonnie smiled mysteriously.
Kay was desperate to know and would not miss the chance to discover the truth. She said cutely, "Master, just tell me who it is. Pretty please!"
Bonnie refused to give her the answer. "I told you it's nobody important. Okay, I need to go now."
When she hung up, Kay could only stare at her phone. The latter thought about it but still could not figure out who the mysterious person was.
When Bonnie entered Colonial Cuppa, she saw Harold, Yolanda, and Trina sitting inside. The older couple just so happened to see Bonnie, too. They remembered how humiliated they felt at Orson's art exhibition because of Bonnie.
The older couple's expression soured, and their eyes brimmed with resentment. "It's just our luck to keep bumping into Bonnie wherever we go!"
"I lose my temper the moment I see her. Ugh, how I wish I could make her disappear."
Trina heard her grandparents' complaints but did not join in. Instead, she watched as Bonnie approached. Then, Trina felt a flood of emotions. She kept comparing Bonnie's silhouette to Bonita's, whom she saw when the latter went on stage to give a speech during the press conference for the latest nanomaterial.
Even after paying close attention, Trina still wondered if Bonnie was Bonita. The more Trina thought about it, the more inexplicable it became. Trina began to pray internally, 'Please don't let Bonnie be Ms. Bonita! Please don't let it be true!'
###Chapter 603
To the three Shepards' surprise, Bonnie walked past them without a glance in their direction. It angered Yolanda so much that she reddened with fury.
"That b*** had grown more disrespectful. I can't believe she ignored us. Where are her manners?" She was about to chase Bonnie and give the latter a piece of her mind to vent her frustrations.
However, Harold pulled his wife back after she took just a couple of steps. "That's enough. We know who Bonnie is. There's no point getting into another fight with her. Remember why we're here and sit down quietly. Don't get into any trouble."
The Shepards were there to discuss collaboration with Colonial Cuppa's owner. It would bring a considerable profit to the family if they could secure it. Naturally, the partnership was much more important than confronting Bonnie.
Yolanda suppressed her anger when she heard her husband's words. She sat down heavily and took a moment to regain her composure before glancing across the place. She asked, "Where's the owner's son? We've been sitting here forever, yet we haven't seen him."
Harold checked his watch, saying, "You're right. He's taking too long. I'll ask one of the staff members."
"I'm coming with you." Yolanda approached the reception with her husband.
Harold asked the receptionist, "Hello there. May I ask where the owner's son is?"
The receptionist looked at them and responded, "The owner's son? He went out."
Harold added, "Do you know when he'll get back?"
"Not a clue, sir. Is there a reason you're looking for him?"
"We're here to discuss a collaboration with him."
The receptionist nodded in understanding. "Maybe you guys can leave first. I'll let you guys know once he returns."
He waved. "That won't be necessary. We'll just wait for him here. That's how we can show him we're serious."
"Oh, suit yourselves then." Then, the receptionist lowered his head and checked the bills, ignoring the older couple. "Thanks," Harold responded courteously before taking his wife back to their seats.
Yolanda took her seat and glared at the receptionist, displeased. "What's with his attitude? We're the Shepards, for crying out loud. He's nothing but a receptionist at a measly tea shop. How dare she treat us that way? I can't believe he looked down on us!"
"Hush. Don't let anyone hear you." Harold glanced at the receptionist. After confirming the latter did not hear them, he whispered, "We can't afford to take this tea shop lightly. Some big shot owns Colonial Cuppa, so you must watch your words. Don't offend anyone unnecessarily."
Yolanda pursed her lips. "I thought this was just a tea shop. How much of a big shot can the owner be?"
"I'm sure you don't know about this, but a rumor about this place has been circulating among the high society circle."
"What kind of rumor?"
"From what I've heard, a hugely important person supports this tea shop."
"Stop stalling and tell me already. Who are you talking about?"
Instead of responding to her immediately, he checked his surroundings first. Once he was sure no one was around, he waved at Yolanda.
###Chapter 604
Harold whispered, "Keep your voice down and lean closer. I'm about to tell you who it is."
Yolanda leaned in immediately. "Hurry up and tell me."
Trina was also curious. She dragged her chair closer and leaned toward her grandfather. "Yeah, tell us, Grandpa."
He looked into their eyes and said, "That person is none other than Master Kieran."
Yolanda and Trina's eyes widened in surprise. After all, Kieran was the best painter in the world. Acquiring her paintings was nearly impossible, and they were also remarkably expensive.
Yolanda and Trina never expected the measly tea shop to have the support of one of the most influential figures in the world. They were in disbelief. The former gulped and recalled the way she regarded the receptionist. Then, a subtle fear rose in the older woman's chest.
"I-It's a good thing you stopped me earlier, or I would've made a huge mistake."
Harold patted his wife's shoulder and comforted her, "Although it's a rumor, it has circulated among the high society circle for a long time. That's why I think there's some truth to it. Still, we don't have to be too nervous. We only need to play it safe."
Yolanda patted her chest as she began to sweat. She was still a little scared about her improper behavior earlier. She said, "I could've easily offended Master Kieran just now. If that happened, our family's status in high society would fall.
"I'm glad no one heard me earlier. It would've been a disaster if someone did and told Master Kieran about it."
The older couple had tried kissing up to Orson before. Although he was one of the most prestigious painters, he was much lower than Kieran in prominence and reputation. One would even say Kieran was in a different league from Orson.
Trian was shocked when she heard her grandparents' discussion. She said, "I-If that's the case, I should keep my mouth shut, too. I don't want to offend anyone important."
Harold felt satisfied that his granddaughter had realized it. He added, "In any case, we should always be extra careful."
Trina nodded. "You're right, Grandpa."
At that moment, they saw a chubby man in a suit with a badge that read "Manager." The short manager left the staff room in a hurry. Even with his short and stout build, he ran as fast as possible. It was as if he was about to miss out on something big if he ran any slower.
"Joe!"
The receptionist who served Harold heard the manager's yell and quickly ran over. "What's wrong, Mr. Bailey? Why are you in such a hurry?"
Bailey grabbed Joe's arm and questioned, "Where is she? Where's she now? You've been standing here for so long! Didn't you see anything?"
###Chapter 605
Joe did not know what his manager was talking about. He scratched his head and asked, "Who are you talking about, Mr. Bailey? Why are you so worked up?"
Harold and the others were curious as they watched.
'Who on earth are they looking for? Why is the manager so worked up? Considering how fast he ran, I thought his legs were about to break.'
Bailey grew agitated and began to sweat when he realized Joe did not understand him. The former paced back and forth restlessly, saying, "Who else can it be?! I'm talking about Master Kieran! The waiter just told me she's here. Where is she now? Where did she go?!"
Harold, Yolanda, and Trina were shocked when they heard the name. They exchanged skeptical glances.
'We're only here to discuss a collaboration with the owner's son. I can't believe we might have the honor of meeting Kieran herself! We must seize this opportunity to talk to her later!'
"M-Master Kiera is here?!" Joe was so panicked that he stuttered and trembled. He almost could not speak. "I-I have no idea who that is. No one told me anything about this person!"
Bailey smacked his thigh in frustration. "Gah, it's all my fault! How did I forget you're new here and haven't seen her before? You wouldn't have known if she was standing in front of you! It's my fault for not being meticulous enough!"
Joe had never seen Bailey so flustered. The former hesitated before finally whispering to his manager, "Mr. Bailey, should we check the security footage? That way, we'll know which private room Master Kieran is in."
Bailey smacked the back of Joe's head. "How dare you say that?! You can't peek at Master Kieran's whereabouts through the security footage. If the owner's son finds out, he'll skin you alive." Joe's head went numb. When he heard what Bailey said, he froze and asked, "W-Well, what should we do? Is there no other way?"
Bailey glanced at the hallway and realized nobody was there. He could not help but sign. "What else can I do? I'll have to sit here and wait until she leaves. I hope she won't think I'm rude because I didn't welcome her earlier."
His uneasiness caused Joe to grow panicked and restless. The latter said, "I'll watch, too."
Meanwhile, Harold heard the entire exchange and thought, 'What are the odds? We're waiting here anyway. It seems that Bailey guy knows who Kieran is. We'll just have to wait and see what she looks like. 'Then, we'll approach and butter her up. If we're lucky, we might make a connection with her. Since Kieran is well-known throughout Arcandor, our family's standing in Pyralis will skyrocket if we befriend her.' The rare opportunity to elevate the Shepards' standing was within their grasp. The trio had to hold on to it tightly and never let go.
###Chapter 606
Harold fantasized about meeting Kieran. He ran various lines in his head, trying to find the best way to butter her up without offending her.
He was still racking his brain when Trina said, "Master Kieran is more prestigious than Master Orson. Connecting with her will erase the humiliation we suffered from Bonnie and Master Orson."
Yolanda agreed wholeheartedly, "You're right. If we can kiss up to Master Kiera, we can flaunt it to them and restore our pride. Although Master Orson is a fantastic artist with plenty of fans, he is a poor judge of character for choosing to take Bonnie's side.
"We have no reason to entertain him anymore. Once we've connected with Master Kieran, we'll brag about it to Master Orson to humiliate him.”
"That's the spirit, you two. You better bring your A-game. Whatever you do, don't drop the ball," Harold said as he watched Bailey. The former would not miss the chance to butter Kieran up. "Understood, Grandpa," Trina responded.
Yolanda echoed, "Don't worry about it. Since it concerns our family, I won't be able to forgive myself if I drop the ball."
Harold nodded, pleased with their responses. "Nicely said."
Afterward, the trio stared at the private rooms in the hallway, fervently guessing Kieran's room and wondering when she would leave. However, they were not the only ones eager to meet her. Orson was also waiting for Kieran. He even reached the restaurant several hours earlier than the designated meeting time.
Although he was an older man, he behaved more like a youngster. He stood before the mirror in the private room and adjusted his tie before touching up his appearance. He feared he was underdressed for the occasion. The last thing he wanted was for Kieran to think less of him.
Then, he looked in the mirror and reminded himself not to give up on his goal.
'Bonnie told me Kieran isn't interested in taking on apprentices. Still, Kieran hasn't met me in person. If anything, she only met me when I was three. Perhaps she no longer remembers me. That's why I must show her how capable I am now. I might have a shot at becoming her apprentice.'
Orson felt better once he thought of it that way.
'There's one thing, though. I've been waiting for Kieran for a long while now. I wonder what's taking her so long.'
With that in mind, he checked his watch and counted the time. He could not help but grumble internally, 'Come on, Kieran. Hurry up already. I've been waiting forever.'
Orson stood and sat repeatedly from anxiety when he heard sounds outside the door. His eyes sparkled, and his anxiety disappeared as he shot up from his chair and marched to the door. He could not wait fo the person outside to enter. Hence, he opened the door and welcomed her.
"You're finally here, Master Kieran-" Orson froze, and his excited smile faded as he looked at the person before him. "M-Master Bonnie?! What are you doing here?"
He peered outside and checked the hallway, hoping to see someone else. He could not help but feel disappointed when he noticed Bonnie was alone.
"Where's Master Kieran? Is she busy? Is that why she told you to come here and pass on her message again?" Orson looked behind Bonnie again, unwilling to accept that she came alone.
However, he had looked several times, and Bonnie was still the only person there. He could keep up his smile earlier, but his enthusiasm had plummeted.
###Chapter 607
Bonnie pursed her lips, asking, "Are you disappointed to see me?"
Orson sighed, looking dejected. "That's not it. I'm just disappointed that Master Kieran isn't here. I've been looking forward to this day since you promised me I could meet her. I would even say I could die without regrets if I did.
"I even prepared myself for today. I was so nervous and excited that I couldn't sleep last night. Still, I didn't expect her to be a no-show." He grinned bitterly. Bonnie looked at him from head to toe. She noticed his suit and gel in his hair, knowing it was a big deal for him.
Orson looked nothing like an older man. Instead, he looked like a little boy who dropped his candy in the mud just as he was about to taste it. It was because he could not meet one of Bonnie's many identities. Bonnie chuckled helplessly and entered the private room. Orson caught up to Bonnie and asked, "Did Master Kieran tell you why she couldn't make it? Will I ever meet her?"
Instead of responding, she looked at the table and saw a sketchbook and art supplies Orson had prepared. She approached them and picked up a brush.
"Orson, let's forget about Master Kieran for now. How about I paint something for you? Are you okay with that?”
Orson realized she did not respond to his questions and felt he understood what Kieran thought of him. So, he sighed and set aside his disappointment. He said, "Well, one has to know when to quit. After all, it isn't my destiny to meet Master Kieran."
He composed himself and approached Bonnie, asking, "What do we have here? Do you know how to paint, too? Did you make this up to make me feel better, Master Bonnie?"
"I used to paint and draw whenever I got bored."
"All right, then. You can paint whatever you like. I'll watch and give you pointers when necessary." Orson put his hands behind him and stood beside her.
Bonnie glanced at him before starting to paint. Orson might have been impressed with her fighting skills, but no one had commanded his admiration like Kieran regarding art. So, he readied himself to show Bonnie the ropes.
Soon after, he realized Bonnie was more equipped to make a painting than he had thought. Moreover, she was so proficient that she resembled a master artist. He knew something was amiss.
That said, Orson did not disturb Bonnie. Instead, he patiently watched as she painted. The more he watched, the more uncanny it seemed.
His eyes widened, and he stuttered, "U-Um, how is your painting style identical to Master Kieran's?! N-Not even I can tell this painting apart from hers. It's almost as if she painted it herself."
Orson grew more excited by the second. He gazed at her painting and inspected it closely, thinking he could find the difference between Bonnie's and Kieran's.
Judging by her brushwork and art style, the painting was identical to Kieran's past works. It was a spitting image of the traditional master painter's.
Orson was at a loss when Bonnie finished. He bolted upright and looked at her with intense curiosity.
###Chapter 608
"A-Are you related to Master Kiera or something?!"
Bonnie chuckled and leaned over to put her signature in the corner of her painting. Meanwhile, Orson watched her every move. He noticed how familiar Bonnie's handwriting was, but even so, he could not see it well enough.
He only knew that she was signing her work. However, it finally dawned on him whose signature it was. "I-Isn't that Kienran's signature?!"
Orson was shocked. He trembled, and his jaw dropped as he froze for three minutes before looking at Bonnie from head to toe. Suddenly, he remembered a three-year-old Kieran. He had met her once at a party decades ago.
He began to overlap the little girl's features with Bonnie's. Ultimately, their features blended harmoniously, and they became the same person. He threw his head back and laughed heartily.
Orson smacked his forehead regretfully, saying, "What a crazy moment. It turns out Master Kieran was before me all along! How did I miss it? You're so gifted that it's only expected of you to ace everything you do.
"I should've known, yet I acted like a fool and naively thought you merely knew Master Kieran. My mind isn't as sharp as it used to be. I guess age has finally caught up to me."
Bonnie said smilingly, "I want to thank you for secretly watching over me when I was three. I had no idea someone wanted to kidnap me. I'm lucky you showed up, or my life would've been completely different.' Orson waved and said, "It was nothing. There's no need to thank me for that."
After some thought, Bonnie said, "I'm sorry I kept it a secret from you for so long, Orson. Please accept this painting as my apology."
Orson accepted it gingerly. He loved the painting more with every passing second. He held it close to his chest and grinned from ear to ear, saying, "I can't believe I have Master Kieran's painting! I have no regrets now."
He remembered asking to be her apprentice but was rejected. When he gazed at Bonnie, she smiled back bitterly.
"That explains why you wouldn't accept me as your apprentice. After all—"
'After all, Bonnie has taken Kay as her apprentice. My relationship with Kay would have been jumbled if Bonnie took me in, too. Kay is forthright and might greet me as a fellow apprentice instead of a grandfather.'
Although Orson imagined it, he could not deal with a moment like that. He might even get furious and kick Kay's behind.
'I must hand it to Kay. She might be a troublemaker, but she can be smart when it counts. After all, I've wanted to be Bonnie's apprentice for a long time now. However, Kay has already become one before I could even ask!'
###Chapter 609
Bonnie noticed Orson's thoughtful expression and knew what was bugging him. She advised, "Don't overthink it. I'll still show you some pointers, even though I can't accept you as my apprentice. Technically, it's the same deal without the title."
Orson agreed, thinking, 'It's crucial to keep all the benefits within the family. It doesn't matter who gets to be Bonnie's apprentice as long as it's me or Kay. Also, Bonnie promised to teach me the art of painting. 'I was worried about going home empty-handed just now, but what I ended up with trumps that.' Orson slowly came to terms with what had transpired. Finally, his smile returned.
"You're right, Master Bonnie. It was all my fault. I should've known to see things from another perspective."
"It's okay. What matters is that you see it now." Bonnie checked the time and said, "It's getting late. Care to join me for dinner?"
Orson nodded. "Of course! It just so happens I have a few questions about painting. We can discuss it over dinner."
"Fine by me," Bonnie replied, leaving the private room with him.
Meanwhile, Harold and the other two Shepards continued to look for Kieran but still failed. Trina's brows furrowed as she said, "It's been forever now. Where's Master Kieran? Did the manager get the wrong information?"
Harold looked at Bailey, who was still sitting at the reception desk. The latter was sweating as he looked around, nervous and distressed.
Harold remarked, "Just look at how nervous the manager is. Do you think he's mistaken? Good things come to those who wait, so let's wait."
Yolanda nodded. "You're right. We must meet Master Kieran today. If she graces us with one of her paintings, our family's status will soar in the high society circle. If that happens, one of the head honchos may want to collaborate with us."
Since the older couple said so, Trina thought she should zip it. "Okay, I'll do as you say, Grandma and Grandpa."
Yolanda looked at her gratefully. "You're the best grandchild anyone could have."
A moment later, the older woman saw something out of the corner of her eyes, and her heart dropped.
"What's wrong, Grandma?" Trina was bewildered. Then, she followed her grandmother's gaze and looked at the hallway. Trina couldn't explain it, but a deep sense of fear rose within her chest when she saw Bonnie.
Trina said, "That explains why Bonnie's here. It turns out Master Orson's here, too."
'I've learned not to mess with Bonnie the hard way. If I want to stay in Pyralis, I better stay out of her way.'
Yolanda recalled people looking at her and her husband mockingly at Orson's art exhibition. Rage and resentment overwhelmed the older woman at that moment.
Yolanda sneered and said, "Look how smug Bonnie is next to Master Orson. It's like she's trying to show everyone they're friends. I know Bonnie well enough to say she's doing this on purpose. She knows we're here and invited Master Orson to dinner to rub it in our faces!"
The more she spoke, the more irritated she became. "That's it! I can't stand her snobby look. I'm going over to teach her a lesson."
###Chapter 610
Yolanda stood up, furious, as she motioned to march over to Orson and Bonnie.
However, Harold frowned and pulled his wife back down, saying, "That's enough. I know how despicable Bonnie is, but it's not the right time to teach her a lesson. Master Kieran is our priority. Don't lose sight of your goal over something petty. Don't you think it'll be easier after we get Master Kieran on our side?"
Yolanda listened to her husband's reasoning and calmed down a bit. "You have a point. Master Kieran is our priority. I guess I can teach Bonnie a lesson next time."
Then, they saw the manager leap up from the cough in the reception area. He then hastily marched toward Bonnie and Orson.
Judging by Bailey's anxious posture and demeanor, he could not wait to stand beside them. Meanwhile, Yolanda was dumbfounded, asking, "What's gotten that manager's panties in a bunch?"
"It must be because he's excited to see Master Orson," Harold answered. Then, he saw Bonnie and said through gritted teeth, "Do you think it's because of that good-for-nothing?"
However, what happened next proved him wrong. Bailey ran to the duo and addressed Bonnie first instead of Orson. He was so worked up that he stuttered, "Y-You're here at last!"
Bailey quickly suppressed his feelings and smiled. He explained, "The waiter informed me of your arrival when I was in the office earlier. When I heard the news, I abandoned my work and ran over to welcome you, but you were already gone when I got out.
"I didn't know which private room you were in and didn't dare to check the security footage. I also told the owner's son about your arrival.
"He was ecstatic and wanted me to ensure you stay. Would you mind waiting a moment? He's on a private plane here as we speak. He also said he'll buy you dinner tonight, ma'am. If he fails, he won't be able to sleep tonight."
Meanwhile, Harold and the other two heard everything Bailey said. The trio were shocked and confused by what they heard.
"Um, why is the manager so respectful toward Bonnie? He's showing her more respect than he did Master Orson. Did he also greet Bonnie first?" Trina paled, and a sinking feeling in her gut followed. Yolanda was just as puzzled. "You're right. I wonder why the manager did that."
"I'll find out." Harold suppressed his explicable feelings and smiled before approaching Bailey. "Can I please have a moment of your time, Mr. Bailey? I have some questions for you."
Bailey frowned and rejected him. "I'm busy serving a VIP now. I don't have time for your questions. Stand aside and wait for me. I'll get to you when I'm free."
Harold did not expect the manager to disrespect him like that. To make matters worse, Bailey did it in Bonnie's presence, infuriating Harold.
Harold urged, "It's just a single question, Mr. Bailey. It won't take long."
As Bailey wondered if he should tend to the older man, Harold instinctively glanced at Bonnie. Naturally, she knew what Harold wanted to ask. She waved at Bailey and said, "It's okay. You can tend to him. I'll just sit here."
Now that Bailey had permission, he followed Harold and stopped several feet from Bonnie. "We're far enough, sir. What is it you wanted to ask?"
Harold glanced at Bonnie before whispering to the manager, "Why are you so respectful to that girl? Is she somehow involved in Colonial Cuppa?"
###Chapter 611
Bailey grew impatient. "What does it matter to you if she's involved in Colonial Cuppa?"
"Um..." Harold was stumped as Yolanda and Trina came over.
After composing himself, Harold said, "Frankly speaking, she's my granddaughter. More precisely, she used to be. We disowned her long ago."
"Wh-what?! How dare you kick Master-" Bailey almost told the trio that Bonnie was Master Kieran.
'I need to keep it a secret. Still, I don't think anyone can blame me if I didn't. After all, the older gentleman's words were shocking. He had a prestigious master painter as a granddaughter, yet he kicked her out of the family. He must be crazy.'
"How dare you people disown her?"
"It wasn't our fault!" Harold sighed helplessly. "She was nasty and showed no respect for her elders. She was even mean to her sister. I'd even call her an animal for doing heinous things!"
Bailey could not tolerate Harold's earlier hassle. However, the latter had stepped over the line and insulted Bonnie too much. Bailey grew furious and yelled, "How dare you insult Master Kieran like that! Someone degraded her like this last time and ended up at the bottom of the sea!"
'Huh? Kieran? H-How's that possible?'
Harold and the other two froze. Then, they decided it was impossible, and Harold questioned, "Did you call her Master Kieran? Did you make a mistake?"
'I refuse to believe Bonnie is Master Kieran!'
Yolanda followed her husband's lead and said, "Yeah, are you sure she didn't trick you, Mr. Bailey? Bonnie loves making up stories, after all. She doesn't possess any remarkable talents. You must be more careful around her. Don't let her deceive you.
"You can salvage this before it worsens. Quick, tell the security guards to kick her out of this place and look for the real Master Kieran. You might lose your job if the owner's son returns and sees you showing such respect to an impersonator."
"Do you think I'm blind? Master Kieran has been a regular customer here for a long time now. Of course, I'd recognize her!" Bailey was so furious that he wished to throw the trio into the sea.
Harold and the other two saw his expression and digested the truth. They knew Colonial Cuppa put their staff members through a stringent training program. Furthermore, Bailey was the manager, and someone like Bonnie could never deceive him.
However, the trio insisted on Bonnie being a good-for-nothing who could not keep a job. Hence, they wondered how she became the most prestigious painter alive.
Harold whipped around and looked at Bonnie. He wanted to say something but was shocked beyond words. Even Yolanda and Trina were stunned. That said, the older woman had a tougher time accepting the truth.
'I've always looked down on Bonnie. There's no one I find more sickening and distasteful than her. I can't accept that she's the most prestigious painter in the world.'
Yolanda took a deep breath and marched over to Bonnie. The former stared at Bonnie, bewildered, as she questioned, "I-Is it true that you're Master Kieran?"
Bonnie casually glanced at her. "Does it matter? Also, it's none of your business. I don't know why you're questioning me."
"None of my business?" Yolanda's eyes widened in shock. She was so furious that she almost forgot to breathe. "If you're Master Kieran, you're obligated to serve your family. You must elevate the Shepards' status."
Bonnie chuckled and glanced at Yolanda sidelong.
###Chapter 612
"Who says I'm obligated to do anything?" Bonnie questioned.
Yolanda replied matter-of-factly, "Because you're a member of the Shepard family!"
Bonnie folded her arms and said, "I thought you disowned me. What does your family have to do with me?"
The older woman was stumped and did not know how to retort. Meanwhile, Harold glanced at Bonnie and tried to spin it around to benefit his family. "Bonnie, I'll give you a second chance and consider letting you rejoin the family if you behave."
Before Bonnie could respond, Orson said sarcastically, "You guys weren't like this when you disowned her. Now that you see her value, you can't wait for her to rejoin your family. You just want to use her for your benefit. You're the definition of shameless."
Under normal circumstances, Orson was silent and mature. He would not make such remarks unless necessary. The fact that he could not help but speak up for Bonnie showed that he was furious at the Shepards' boldness.
Harold reddened with anger when he heard Orson's scornful remarks. However, the former could only swallow his anger due to Orson's status.
"Master Orson, this is my family business. Maybe you shouldn't interfere."
Orson scoffed. "What are you going to do about it?"
He had always treated Bonnie well. After learning that she was Master Kieran, he became even more protective of her. He could never stand idly by while her so-called family picked on her.
On the other hand, Harold did not expect Orson to be so caring toward Bonnie. Since the older man could not argue with Orson, he returned his attention to Bonnie.
"Either way, our blood still flows through you, Bonnie. You'll always be a family member. Also, you're a woman, and those you have around you will eventually leave. What will you do if you don't have a family to support you when that happens? Won't you grasp the opportunity to return to us? You should think long and hard about it."
Bonnie responded decisively, "I'm sorry, but I'm uninterested in rejoining your family."
Yolanda raised her brow and barked, "We're giving you a chance, Bonnie! You should learn to quit while you're ahead!"
Bonnie smirked, and her eyes were full of sarcasm. "I've never asked you for a chance."
"Why, you little-" Yolanda clutched her chest and rolled her eyes, looking as if she could pass out anytime.
Trina hurriedly held her trembling grandmother. "Grandma, are you okay?"
Trina turned to Bonnie and said, "Grandma's old and fragile. Do us a favor and stop upsetting her."
Bonnie glanced at her sidelong. "Who are you to teach me how to handle my problems? You must be sick of studying at Pyralis University. If that's the case, I can help you with that."
###Chapter 613
Trina stopped talking immediately and began to sweat bullets.
'I just can't afford to offend Bonnie. She's too high above me now, and I can never act recklessly in her presence.'
"Bonnie, be reasonable. Trina is just "
Before Harold could finish, Bonnie casually interjected, "Drop it. I'll never change my mind. Also, let me remind you that you made an official announcement. You stated that I have nothing to do with the family, even if I thrived or suffered.
"So, will you make another announcement saying you regret your decision because you were a poor judge of character? Will you admit you've mistaken a valuable asset for a piece of trash? I wonder if that means you'll offer me a solemn apology.
"I refuse to believe you and your wife will publicly apologize to me. Are you sure you can do something that will refute your previous statement and humiliate yourself?"
Harold and Yolanda were furious. However, they knew she was right and that they could never do something like that. The older couple refused to bring shame to themselves. However, if Bonnie wanted to rejoin the family and ask for their mercy, they would do it.
Bonnie said mockingly, "Don't count on me rejoining the family. I won't bat an eye, even if you put down your pride and bring the whole family to beg me."
She glanced at Bailey standing nearby and added, "Bailey, show them the door."
Yolanda quivered with rage and pointed at Bonnie. "You'll regret this, Bonnie!"
Bonnie smirked, her eyes filled with sarcasm. "Hmph, I don't know the meaning of regret."
The older woman held her chest. "You insolent little brat! What did we do to deserve an ungrateful scum like you?"
Bailey was displeased with how shameless the Shepards were. He scoffed and marched over to show them the door. He said sternly, "Please leave!"
Orson glanced at Harold and the other two smugly. "Why are you idiots still here? You're sure as hell not joining us for dinner. Since pride matters most to you, I doubt you can put it aside."
He sounded so sarcastic that it angered Harold, but even so, the latter could say nothing. He took his wife's arm and pulled her to the door while Trina lowered her head and followed. When she reached the door, something compelled her to glance at Bonnie.
Trina's former stepsister stood among people who respected and admired her. Trina did not know when it happened, but the gap between her and Bonnie grew too wide. The former knew she could never achieve the same things Bonnie could.
Yolanda and Harold were about to get into their car when they realized Trina was not with them. The older woman barked, "Trina, what are you waiting for?! Hurry up!"
Trina returned to her senses and ran to her grandparents. "I'm coming, Grandma!"
An hour later, the trio reached home.
###Chapter 614
Harold had called the rest of his family on his way home. They dropped what they were doing and rushed back home.
Vera recalled what Harold told her and was so skeptical that she could not accept the information. "Are you sure Bonnie is Master Kieran?"
Yolanda grimaced with anger when she heard Bonnie's name. The former replied in exasperation, "When have Harold and I ever lied to you?"
Vera did not know how to respond for a moment. Then, she grumbled, "Bonnie has done nothing but stir up trouble when she stayed with us. That brat has done nothing to make me happy. How is she suddenly the most prestigious painter? That's- How is that possible?"
Vera was not the only one thinking that. The whole family shared her sentiment and thought the entire thing was inconceivable. Still, they had to accept that Bonnie was Kieran.
Grant said, "How superior or prestigious Bonnie is now doesn't matter. Our blood flows through her. With that in mind, we must ask her to make us a painting. She won't reject us if we put aside our pride." Harold swept his gaze across his family before focusing on Gresham and Vera. "You two know Bonnie never listens to anything we say! That said, I won't leave it at that. We must do what we can. Maybe we can turn it around somehow.
"You two are her parents, so you're closer to her than we are. You probably stand a better chance of convincing her than we do. You should ask her to make us a painting."
Gresham froze as various emotions overwhelmed him. "I-I can't do that! I announced on Twitter that I'll never talk to her again."
Harold gazed at Vera and wanted to say something, but she shook her head and spoke first, "I can't do it either. Back in Pyralis University, I swore before everyone that I would stop bugging Bonnie. Her friend even recorded the whole thing."
The couple exchanged glances and sighed simultaneously.
Vera instinctively gazed at Harold, thinking, 'Gresham and I know how talented Bonnie is, but we're prideful. I can't bear groveling at her feet and asking for a painting.'
"Dad, you're esteemed and respected. Maybe you can do it."
'It's not like I haven't tried,' Harold thought, 'However, Bonnie has rejected me mercilessly. I can't set aside my pride and ask her again.'
"You two are Bonnie's parents. If you can't do it, what makes you think I can? Furthermore, you know just how sharp-tongued she is more than anyone. She has shamed us every time we meet her. "Bonnie can mock us again if we ask her for a favor. Anyone can set aside their pride if they feel like it, but leave me out. Bah! What's wrong with that brat anyway? Why would she keep her talents a secret? "I don't know why she never told us who she really was. We wouldn't have disowned her if we knew how spectacular she was."
Now that Harold brought it up, Vera felt uneasy and embarrassed. She said, "Bonnie did mention it to me last time. She told me she won an award for her painting and discussed how she could treat your condition. It's just that we never believed her."
She could not help but feel responsible for how things had turned out.
'Bonnie did lie to us multiple times. How was I supposed to know the truth from the lies?'
While the family conversed, Trina, who used to be the loudest among them, kept her mouth shut. She also did her best to hide in a corner, trying not to let the others notice her.
Fernanda was standing nearby and saw what she was doing. The former sneered and raised her voice, "Uncle Gresham, don't you find the whole thing strange?! What about you, Aunt Vera?"
###Chapter 615
Vera and Gresham were confused as they looked at Fernanda. One of them asked, "What do you mean?"
Fernanda pointed at Trina, cowering in the corner. "You thought everything Bonnie told us was a lie. Someone led you to think she's a rotten egg and a good-for-nothing. That person is Trina. She was heavily involved in that."
Trina paled, and her lips trembled. Still, she smiled awkwardly and said, "I know we've had our differences, Fernanda. That should all be in the past. Have I offended you recently? Why must you accuse me?" Vera did not overthink it. She was puzzled by what Fernanda had just said. The former asked, "She's right, Fernanda. Why are you accusing her?"
Fernanda glanced at Trina sidelong before looking back at Vera and saying, "You're smart and don't need me to spell it out for you, right, Aunt Vera? You only need to remember Bonnie and Trina's interactions to get your answer."
Vera became even more confused. A moment later, she instinctively glanced at Vera.
Fernanda's words had also spurred Gresham to think about everything more deeply. As far as the couple was concerned, their daughter had always been well-behaved and thoughtful.
Vera and Gresham had never considered how Trina contributed to Bonnie's mischief and wrongdoings. However, after some thought, they finally realized something was indeed wrong.
Whenever Trina and Bonnie are alone, Trina either falls from the stairs or gets scalded by a bowl of soup. Trina always blames Bonnie before anyone figured out what happened. Our daughter cries and questions Bonnie's motive.
'Then, Trina would ask everyone not to punish Bonnie and defend her by saying she didn't do it on purpose. I can see that happening a few times, but similar things have happened too often. It can't be mere coincidences."
Once Gresham and Vera realized it, everyone glared at Trina. She looked at everyone and gulped, her fear evident.
###Chapter 616
Before Trina could explain herself, Fernanda pointed at her and said disdainfully, "Trina's still a country bumpkin at her core. Although a wealthy family raised her, it didn't help with the despicable way she handled things.
"Bonnie's a different case. She attained impressive achievements because of our family's genes, unlike a certain brat from the countryside.
"Trina could exert as much effort as possible, but she doesn't have the family's blood in her veins. She will always fall short, no matter what she does."
Fernanda took a step closer to Trina, the former's eyes full of hatred. "It's all your fault, Trina! Your parents disowned Bonnie, who's nothing short of excellent, because of you! Otherwise, she would've used her talents to make us a painting. That alone could've elevated our status.
"However, that didn't happen because of you! I would've sent you back to the countryside if it were up to me. Then, you wouldn't have ruined us!"
Trina panicked when she heard they might send her back to the countryside. After all, she had gotten used to living a wealthy life and could not live a rural one. So, she tried to find a way to save herself.
She ran to her grandparents and kneeled, begging tearfully, "I didn't mean to do anything like that! It was all Bonnie's fault. She has always disliked me, and I even overheard her calling me a bastard. She said I carried the rowdy genes of country folks.
"Bonnie also called me filthy and thought I didn't deserve to breathe the same air she did. I-I tried to make her happy and befriend her, but she detested me because I was born from country folks. I-I tried everything I could, but nothing worked."
Vera and Gresham began to suspect their daughter to be a scheming punk when they heard Fernanda's explanation. However, they relaxed a little after Trina's spiel.
Gresham thought, 'I knew there was a reason for Trina's actions. If Fernanda's right, I would've learned about it long ago. Vera and I aren't fools. We wouldn't make such a ridiculous mistake.'
Immediately after, he and his wife noticed Fernanda rolling her eyes at Trina. "What a load of crap, Trina. Why would Bonnie remain connected to her countryside parents if that's true? I know her folks built the largest house in the village.
"They even have a farm to breed ducks and chickens. I heard they also own a fruit orchard. They're living the best life in the countryside, not to mention Benedict, your biological brother. He works at Tang Fusion Studios as Hamish's apprentice.
"I remember us being jealous of him and wondering how he got so lucky. Although he was a nobody from the countryside, he became an apprentice to one of the most exclusive fashion designers. "Bonnie probably used her identity as Master Kieran and pulled some strings for Benedict. Why would she help her country folks and brother so much if she looks down on you because of your origin?" The more Harold and the others listened, the more regretful they felt. Bonnie had no blood ties to her family in the countryside, yet she treated them generously. The Shepards regretted disowning her and should have allowed her to stay instead.
That way, it would have been easier for them to use Bonnie's resources and connections to their advantage. However, Trina had ruined everything.
"Damn, it! What did we do to deserve such rotten luck?! We ended up with someone who destroyed our family!" Harold detested Trina.
'How I wish to skin her alive!'
Yolanda, who had always been affectionate toward Trina, also began to resent her. The older woman wished she could strangle her granddaughter.
Meanwhile, Vera and Gresham pitied their daughter after hearing her side of the story. They thought there must have been a reason their daughter did all those things.
Suddenly, they remembered how Trina deceived them. Then, they looked at her with profound disappointment.
Trina paled in intense fear, not daring to retort her grandfather. She was worried she would reveal her true colors.
'Why did this happen? Bonnie had always been ordinary and unremarkable. How did she suddenly become the most prestigious painter in the world?'
The Shepards had just learned about Bonnie's identity as Master Kieran, yet they already distrusted Trina.
Trina thought, 'If Bonnie is also Ms. Bonita, I'll be in serious trouble. If so, my family will surely disown me.'
###Chapter 617
The more Trina thought about it, the more she panicked. She could not help but pray internally, 'Dear God, please don't let my suspicions be true! Bonnie can't be Bonita! Please, grant me my prayer!' After praying, she thought deeply, 'Now that I think about it, Bonita carries the hope for Arvandor's scientific research alone. Bonnie probably isn't the same person. Still, I must admit she's talented in certain
areas.
'However, she can't possess so many talents. She's already the miracle doctor and the most prestigious painter. Bonnie can't have enough time to become a scientific prodigy like Bonita, right? No human can do that.'
With that in mind, Trina felt much more relieved. It was like a weight had been lifted off her shoulder.
The Shepards noticed Trina's silence but did not push her to respond. Instead, they simply shook their heads and sighed. On the other hand, Fernanda was not about to let her off the hook. "Earth to Trina! Why aren't you saying anything? Are you speechless because I exposed your true colors?"
Trina lowered her head and continued to cry. "I-I know everyone thinks Bonnie is the most extraordinary person now. You consider me a nobody and feel I no longer deserve your care. Still, I told you all the truth. I can't help it if you don't believe me."
Vera had showered Trina with love for more than two decades. The former could not bear to see Trina crying so miserably, no matter what she had done in the past.
Vera said, "That's enough. We'll discuss how to deal with Trina later. What matters now is figuring out a way to convince Bonnie to make us a painting." Everyone fell silent.
After all, Bonnie was impossibly difficult to deal with. No one wanted to do this fool's errand. However, she was such a massive asset that it would be foolish to leave her alone. Someone had to do it. Whether or not they pulled it off was another story.
Ultimately, Grant led his wife, Carlee, forward.
"It looks like no one wants to do it. I guess we'll give it a shot. I can't say we treated Bonnie nicely when she was still a part of the family, but I dare say we weren't too nasty with her. She'll respect me and do me a favor if I put it nicely."
Harold immediately agreed, "All right! I'll leave it to you to ask Bonnie for a painting. You're doing the family a huge favor. I hope you don't let us down."
"I can't promise you that, Dad. I can only try. You can't blame me if she doesn't comply." "Um-"
Harold was about to say something, but Yolanda interrupted, "You know how bizarre Bonnie can be. We should be grateful Grant and Carlee are willing to accept the challenge. Stop pressuring them. All we have to do is wait for an update."
Harold considered Bonnie's character and saw things from his wife's perspective. He said, "Okay, then. Go ahead and give it a whirl. I won't blame you if things don't turn out how we want them to." Grant nodded. "I understand, Dad. We'll wait for Bonnie at Pyralis University's entrance in the morning."
The following day, Bonnie and Avril headed to the university gate. The former listened to Avril excitedly talking about the fun things that had happened on campus during her absence.
###Chapter 618
All of a sudden, Bonnie heard a familiar voice.
"You're finally here, Bonnie. We've been waiting for you."
She turned around and saw Grant and Carlee marching over to her. She knew why they were looking for her but feigned ignorance nonetheless. She said dryly, "Is there anything you want?"
'Although I'm Bonnie's uncle, she talks to me in that tone. No wonder the others didn't want to talk to her. No one can stand her attitude.
'Still, she's Master Kieran. I shouldn't get mad over such a trivial matter. Bonnie alone holds the key to elevating the family's status. I must flatter her and ensure she's happy.'
At the thought of that, his smile grew wider. "Carlee and I are here to discuss something important with you, Bonnie."
Then, out of the corner of his eyes, he saw Avril sitting beside her. "Um, this is about our family. Can I have a private moment with you, Bonnie?"
Bonnie did not mind it. Furthermore, some things were better left unheard by anyone who wasn't a family member. So, she looked at Avril and said, "Will you excuse me? I need to have a word with them."
Avril considered Bonnie's capabilities and decided that these two weren't a concern. Then, she did as Bonnie said and left them alone. "All right."
Bonnie followed the couple and sat down before saying coldly, "Is this better? Can you say what's on your mind now?"
Her attitude made Grant quite angry, but he thought about how she was Kieran and shoved his anger deep. "Here's the thing, Bonnie. The family knows you're Master Kieran now. I came to talk to you about it. 'I knew they were looking for me because of that.'
"Aren't I sitting right here already? Just cut to the chase and stop beating around the bush."
Grant said directly, "I know you've never forgiven us for kicking you out of the family. However, are you seriously going to hold the grudge for this long? Your parents have long stopped blaming you. It's just a little hard for them to talk to you. That's why we came on their behalf.
"They're older than you. So, I hope you'll do your duty as a daughter and back down. Give yourself and your parents a chance to patch things up."
Bonnie scratched her ears absentmindedly and said casually, "Yeah, so?"
That wasn't an answer at all. For a minute there, Grant was stumped and didn't know how to proceed. Taking a deep breath, he monitored her attitude and tried to probe her, "I know you're upstanding and care a lot about family.
"We misunderstood you before. I think you intended to repair your relationship with your parents but didn't know how to take the first step. So, how about you make a painting for them? I'll take it back and show it to them. Once they see your painting, they'll forgive you for your wrongdoings."
Bonnie folded her arms and looked at him disdainfully. Her posture and her gaze carried a thick sense of sarcasm.
###Chapter 619
"Your intentions are so clear that I can see it from outer space. Do you honestly think I don't know what you're scheming at?"
Grant was so angry at how she retorted to him that he gnashed his teeth. However, Bonnie was a great asset to the Shepard family. So, he concealed his feelings and continued to convince her.
"You're misunderstanding me, Bonnie. We're doing this because we want you to repair your relationship with your parents. There's no other agency here."
"Are you kidding me?" She couldn't help but see the absurd irony in this. If Gresham and the others meant to welcome me back to the family, why didn't they talk to me themselves?
"With that said, I'll never agree to it even if they came here. As far as I'm concerned, they're no longer my parents.
"Who do you think you guys are? What makes you think you could just show yourself here and try to trick me? Where did you guys feel confident I would agree to your terms?"
What she said hit home. She had exposed his greed for fame and wealth. That was why his face turned red at once.
"You have no respect for your elders, Bonnie! It doesn't matter how much you achieve in life. It'll never change the fact that you're a rebellious and disrespectful punk."
"Pfft!" She couldn't help but laugh. Then, she leaned in close to him with humor in her eyes. "I reserve my respect for people who deserve it. Do you think you guys deserve to be respected? You guys are nothing but pieces of trash!"
"Who are you calling a piece of trash?!" His face turned even redder with rage.
"You responded to me. I guess you're it."
"Stop acting cockily and think so highly of yourself, Bonnie! I'm telling you..." Before he could finish his sentence, she cut him off.
"I don't need to hear it. You should hurry back to Harold and the gang and stop thinking about getting me to rejoin the family. Otherwise, I'll be forced to post what they said in the live stream onto the internet and play it on a loop.
"Also, I've asked someone to record everything you said earlier. We'll put all of it up on the internet and let people see how shameless you Shepards are."
At the next moment, his gaze followed where she pointed. It was true. Avril was waving her phone at them.
There was more. Avril even smiled widely and gestured to Bonnie that she got everything.
'She outsmarted me! What a cunning b***!'
He was about to say something, but Carlee reached and tugged at his arm. "Forget it, Grant. Don't say anything. We must return to Dad, Mom, Gresham, and Vera. We have to come up with another plan. Arguing with her isn't going to work."
He mulled it over and thought his wife had a point.
Looking at Bonnie, he swallowed his anger grudgingly and said, "I can tell that you don't welcome us. I guess we'll be taking our leave, then."
She watched as they left. Then, she snorted lightly.
'Is that all they've got? How dare they stir up trouble with me? Just how much did they overestimate themselves?!'
Avril monitored everything that was happening here. Now that Grant and Carlee had left, she hurried over to Bonnie's side.
"With this video in our hands, they'll never find you again. Their faces were so red just now. You've got such a sharp tongue, Bonnie. No one can ever overtake you if it comes to debating."
Bonnie shrugged helplessly. "Do you think I want it? I wouldn't have wasted my breath on them if they didn't bring trouble to me."
"You're right. They're the ones who started the whole thing in the first place. They deserve to be schooled!" Avril went over and took Bonnie's arms in hers.
"Say, there's a new barbecue joint near our university. How about we grab a bite there later?"
Bonnie nodded and said, "Sure."
The next day, she finished her breakfast in the Knight Villa and was about to go out. Then, Ivor stood up instinctively. "Where are you going? I'm coming with you."
"I need to take care of some business at the research institute. I'll be home soon, so maybe you shouldn't tag along."
When he heard that she'd be home soon, he decided against following her. "Alright, then. Safe travels."
"Okay." She responded lightly and waved, turning to him before leaving swiftly.
###Chapter 620
Ivor had just sat on the couch and was about to work with his laptop when his phone on the table started buzzing.
Picking it up, he realized it was a text from Eloise Gallagher, someone he hadn't seen in a long time.
"I'm back in Arvandor, Ivor. It's been such a long time since we last saw each other. Are you free to catch up on old times?" Reading this text took him back. He started reminiscing about Eloise.
'We used to hang out a lot when we were young. I haven't contacted her as much since I returned after studying overseas. Now that I think about it, it has been seven or eight years since I last saw her.
'If she had contacted me when I was single, I might've agreed to meet up with her out of respect for our old friendship. However, I'm with Bonnie now. If she sees me hanging out with Eloise alone, she might have the wrong ideas about us.
'It's not like I'm interested in Eloise in that way, but I have to start thinking like a married man now. I can't afford to do any wrong by Bonnie.'
At the thought of that, he composed his reply.
"This is a bad time. I'm busy."
He had just finished composing the text, but Eloise had sent another text to him.
"When we studied overseas, you left so quickly that you forgot to take some of your belongings. They're pretty important to you because you used to care about them very much.
"That's why I kept them safe for you. Now that I'm back in Arvandor, I thought bringing them to you was a good idea to you."
At the next moment, she sent him a picture.
It was a trophy from when he won a competition overseas. There were also some medals from his time at the basketball club and a black notebook.
All of these were souvenirs of the friends he made while he was overseas.
'I don't intend to meet with you initially, but she's returned these stuff to me. I guess I should take them back. After all, my friends and I fought hard to win these medals. They have a lot of sentimental value to me.'
So, he deleted his previously composed text and wrote a new one.
"Sure. Where are you? Send me a location."
"See you at Blue Jazz Eatery. I'll take the seat by the window." "Alright."
Closing his laptop, he took his coat and went out the door.
Once he left, Gunnar and Sydney came out of the corner.
"He took the bait."
"The first phase is a success. Now, we need to execute the second phase of our plan. We must inform Bonnie, but we can't let her find out it's us."
"That's easy as pie." She had an idea.
He asked, puzzled, "How did you come up with an idea this fast?"
"Follow me home. I'll tell you about it on the way." She said confidently.
Later, they arrived at home.
She glanced at the video game room and raised her voice on purpose. "I've heard that Ivor's childhood friend, Eloise, is back in the country. He left in such a hurry just now. Do you think he's meeting her?" "I think so. After all, they knew each other when they were very young. I'm sure they're very close."
"That's what I thought, too. They must've been close. Ivor wouldn't have left in such a hurry to meet her otherwise. Moreover, they went to Blue Jazz Eatery. That place is so romantic. I feel a tingling sensation just thinking about it."
"There's no need to be jealous of them, honey. I'll take you there someday. Say, I passed by the backyard and saw that the lilies had blossomed a few days ago. Let's go check it out."
"Sure."
At the next moment, they headed toward the backyard.
Flynn heard everything they said and solemnly emerged from the video game room. His brows were knitted tightly.
'Did Ivor go to meet up with his childhood friend? Well, then. What about Bonnie?'
###Chapter 621
'Will Ivor be unfaithful to Bonnie? I can't stand by and do nothing. I have to call her and tell her about this earth-shattering news.'
Flynn tried calling Bonnie several times, but she didn't answer. Frustrated, he scratched the back of his ear and couldn't help but grumble, "Come on, Bonnie. Hurry up and pick up the phone. If you don't, someone else will steal your fiance!"
He gave her several more calls, but she still didn't answer.
"Forget it. I'm not going to achieve anything if I just stay here. I should just go out there and search for Bonnie instead."
With that, he took his phone and hurriedly left the villa.
Sydney and Gunnar poked their heads out from the corner. Then, they looked at their son from their hiding spot.
Noticing that her husband was about to reveal more than half his body, she hurriedly tapped his shoulder.
"Be careful. Don't let Flynn see you."
At the next moment, he quickly hunched himself a little. "I am being careful. He didn't see me or anything. With that said, he looked so nervous. Do you think he went out to look for Bonnie?"
"Do you have to ask? Of course, he did. Just think about how he always followed Bonnie as if he were her sidekick. It would've been strange if he hadn't looked for her after he heard what we said." "You're such a smart lady, Sydney. We managed to let Bonnie know about this information without revealing ourselves."
Sydney cast her mind back to the dramatic changes that had occurred to her son ever since Bonnie showed up and felt an intense hatred rising within her chest. Her eyes were filled with a thick sense of menace immediately.
"I won't let Bonnie know peace. That's a promise!"
Flynn drove out of his house and went straight to Bonita Research Institute. He had just arrived at the door when he saw Bonnie. She just came out of the building for some fresh air.
"Screech!" He slammed on the brake and darted out of his car.
"Something terrible happened, Bonnie!"
She asked, confused. "What on earth happened? Why are you so shocked?"
He told her everything he heard from his parents, "I tried calling you earlier, but you didn't answer. So, I have no choice but to drive out here and find you in person." "Really?"
She wore an inexplicable expression. She gave herself some time to take it in. Then, she composed herself and pulled her phone out of her pocket.
'He's right. There are several missed calls.'
"I must've missed them because I silenced my phone while in the research institute."
"W-Well, what should we do now? Do you think Ivor is going to do anything unfaithful to you?"
"Not a chance." She responded confidently. "I'm very certain that he won't do anything like that. With that said, I don't think the lady came in peace. I'll go over there and take a look at her." He stuck out his hand, smacked his chest aggressively, and volunteered himself. "I'll go with you, Bonnie. That way, I'll rip that hypocrite on your behalf. You don't even have to do it yourself." 'Ivor announced on Twitter that he would get married at the beginning of the year. However, Eloise tries to get close to him nonetheless. What else is she, if not a hypocrite?'
"There's no need for that." She lifted her chin. Her eyes were filled with a natural assertiveness. "I know just how to deal with her."
He blinked and looked at her with unblinking eyes.
"If you don't need my help, then I'm not going to butt in. You just have to take me along and let me join the fun. I won't do anything except see the hot gossip unfold before my eyes."
###Chapter 622
"Nuh-uh. Snot-nosed kids shouldn't barge in on adult matters. Just go back home and stay there." With that, Bonnie snatched the car key from Flynn. "I'll be taking your car for a while." He was stunned for a moment. Then, instinctively, he responded, "Oh, sure. Go ahead and take it."
'Wait a minute. Didn't I just say I wanted to tag along with Bonnie and see how it unfolds? Did she just say she won't take me with her? How cold-blooded is that?'
When he knew what was happening, she had stepped on the gas pedal and drove away.
He watched as she drove off into the distance and said bitterly, "I just want to get in on the fun and watch some hot gossip unfold before my eyes. Why is it this hard to make it happen?"
He stared at how she left for a long time before tearing his gaze away. Then, he turned around and left.
'If Bonnie doesn't want me there, I won't follow her then. Might as well go home and play some video games. After all, I can never go wrong if I do as she says.'
On the other side, Ivor had arrived at Blue Jazz Eatery. His distant, elegant bearing and tall figure attracted attention when he stepped inside.
A couple of girls muttered, "What a stunning guy. Is he some sort of celebrity?"
"Nuh-uh. That guy's not a celebrity. I've spent many years in the entertainment industry and never seen someone like him. Do you think I would've missed out on someone as gorgeous as him if he's a celebrity?"
"I guess you're right. We would've been able to recognize that man at first sight if he was a celebrity. He's just so stunning. I wonder who was lucky enough to have someone like him as her boyfriend." At the next moment, the muttering ladies heard a crisp voice.
"I'm here, Ivor."
Both of them instinctively turned toward the voice. That was when they saw a lady sporting a head full of wavy curly hair and delicate makeup on her face. She looked exquisite.
That lady was none other than Eloise.
She called out to Ivor because she overheard both of their exchanges. Doing this would ensure everyone in the restaurant thought she was a couple with him, and that notion made her feel extraordinarily proud.
He heard her and located her swiftly. Then, he walked over and asked, "Where is my stuff?"
She immediately wore a saddened expression.
"We used to be so close, Ivor. Are you just here to retrieve your stuff? Aren't you going to reminisce the past with me?"
"I guess we can chat a little." Realizing he was behaving rudely, he pulled the chair out. Just as he was about to take a seat, she stood up from her chair.
"I was joking. I know how important this stuff is to you. So, I'll give them to you now. That way, you can chat with me without worrying about them."
Now that she had stood up, he had not taken a seat. Instead, he had waited for her to take him his stuff.
She was still wondering how to stage an accident when she saw a waiter coming her way out of the corner of her eye. Without a moment's hesitation, she deliberately rammed into the waiter.
"Eek!"
She let out a startled cry as a hint of sparkle flashed in her eyes. Adjusting the angle she fell, she positioned herself to tumble onto Ivor.
At the last possible moment, someone reached out and held her back.
She thought it was Ivor. A trace of tender shyness flashed across her face when she turned around and said affectionately, "Thank you, Ivor..."
Before she could finish, her eyes were met with an exquisite, flawless face before she fell into an abrupt silence.
###Chapter 623
'What a gorgeous lady! Who is she? How does someone this exquisite even exist? I'm a lady, yet I'm close to having a crush on her. That said, I'm more jealous of her than anything else.' However, she regained her composure and pretended to be polite. "Thank you, miss. I would've fallen to the ground if it wasn't for you."
She said that but was cursing at the lady who saved her.
'If this lady hadn't come out of nowhere and stopped me from falling, I would've fallen into Ivor's embrace. It's all her fault. She ruined my plan.'
It took Bonnie less than a second to see through Eloise's facade and peer into the latter's true colors. Her lips curled into a smile as she scanned Eloise from head to toe with a calm gaze. Eloise couldn't explain it, but Bonnie's stares unnerved her.
Before she could say something, she saw Ivor looking at Bonnie and speaking affectionately. It was the kind of tone she had never been on the receiving end of.
"What brought you here?"
Bonnie gave him a sidelong glance. "What do you think?"
All of a sudden, he was gripped with panic. He said hastily, "Let me explain, Bonnie. It isn't what it looks like!"
"I haven't even said anything. What's gotten your panties in a bunch?" She rolled her eyes at him. Then, she glanced at Eloise, who was in a daze.
Eloise noticed Bonnie's glance. So, she seized the opportunity to ask her the burning question.
"Wh-who are you? How do you know Ivor?"
Pursing her lips, Bonnie asked, "Well. How do you know Ivor?"
Eloise puffed her chest, trying to show Bonnie who was in charge. "I'm Ivor's childhood friend."
Bonnie couldn't help but chuckle. "Does being his childhood friend mean you get to lean on my fiance's chest? What's the matter? Are you trying to be a homewrecker here? Are you cooking up a scheme to steal him away from me? Is that how you're going to tear my family apart?"
At first, Eloise didn't know who she was. However, she was starting to see the truth about how Ivor reacted.
However, she could no longer contain her frustration and jealousy when Bonnie told her that Ivor was her fiance.
She might've harbored a deep hatred and animosity for Bonnie. After all, the latter stole the man she loved from her. She didn't let any of it show on her face.
Instead, she pinched her thighs fiercely while maintaining a calm demeanor. Her eyes turned red, and she immediately put on a pitiful look. "I-It was an accident. Didn't you see how the waiter ran into me earlier?
"Moreover, Ivor and I used to be very close in the past. Here you are, trying to twist something harmless into something so wicked and accuse me of s*** him. Just how ruthless are you?" Everything she said was directed at Bonnie, but she kept glancing at Ivor instead. She wanted to see just how he would react to this whole thing.
To her surprise, he merely remained calm and completely unfazed.
Suddenly, she gritted her teeth and forced tears into her eyes. More and more tears streamed down her cheeks like a broken faucet. No one could've stopped them, no matter what they did. She looked as if someone had done a horrible thing to her. If they didn't know any better, some people would've thought Bonnie was incredibly mean to her.
Eloise's reaction reminded Bonnie of another hypocritical lady in her former family.
'Speaking of, I've met several hypocritical ladies. I've gotten so good at dealing with them, too. What's the big deal having to deal with another one of them? It's a piece of cake.'
She turned her head sideways and blinked at him innocently at the thought.
"Do you think I'm ruthless?"
He responded immediately, "How are you ruthless in any way? As far as I'm concerned, you have the kindest soul in the whole wide world. You're like an angel, bringing hope to the mortals.
"Needless to say, I'm the luckiest of them because I could make you mine for real, and they can't."
He was filled with such adoration for her as he spoke. His tone was nothing but affectionate.
Bonnie's face turned red when she met his gaze and heard his voice.
###Chapter 624
'Gee. He's gotten so good at romantic talks that he's making me shy. Anyway, I need to deal with this hypocritical lady. So, I can't afford to let it show now.'
Pointing at Eloise, she said pitifully, "You say that, but she claimed that I'm ruthless."
Ivor turned his gaze at Eloise. The affection he had shown Bonnie earlier was replaced with an indifferent coldness.
"We might've been close in the past, Eloise. However, despite our friendship, I won't tolerate you insulting my fiancee. From here on out, if you say anything disrespectful to her, I'll cut you loose." Eloise felt as if someone stabbed her through the heart. The pain was so excruciating that it suffocated her a little.
'I've been in love with Ivor for the longest time here. So, why would he speak up for another lady instead? He didn't use to treat me this way. It's too heartbreaking.'
Bonnie shook his arm and put her acting skills to good use. She deliberately spoke in an adorable tone, "Come on, she's a lady at the end of the day. Don't be so mean to her.
"The fact is that she only badmouthed me a little. It's no big deal. I only ask for an apology. Then, I'll let it go."
Waves of pleasurable emotions overtook him.
'This is the first time Bonnie had spoken to me in such an adorable tone. I know she's just putting on an act, but I can't deny that it has sparked an overwhelming sense of affection in me.' "Okay, then." He flashed her a loving smile. The way he looked at her suggested that he would've had his way with her right there and then if he could.
It wasn't his fault, though. After all, she was the one who flirted with him.
He gave himself some time to regain his composure. Then, he suppressed his anger before glancing at Eloise coldly. "Did you hear what my fiancee said? I want you to apologize to her now." Eloise was so furious that she almost ground her teeth to dust.
'However, I won't be able to meet with him again if I don't apologize to her.'
At the thought of that, she lowered her head. The reluctance and frustration in her eyes were unmistakable. She said softly, "I'm sorry."
Her apology was as hollow as they came.
Ivor's brows furrowed. His voice was cold when he spoke. "You could've been louder."
She clenched her fist and tried so hard to shove her anger down that the veins on her forehead popped.
She held her breath and was about to apologize to Bonnie again. That was when she heard the latter's voice, "Forget it. She has apologized to me. I'll be the bigger man and let her off the hook." 'Did she just say she's the bigger man?' Eloise's eyes widened in shock. 'She was the one who made me apologize to her earlier! How dare she claim that she was the bigger man now?' Ignoring Eloise's glares, Bonnie glanced at the steak and spaghetti on the table.
"Were you guys about to have a meal together earlier? That's great. I've been working the entire day and didn't have time to put anything in my stomach. Take a seat, everyone. Let's eat." Ivor's voice was frustrated and concerned, "What do I have to say to get you to take your meals promptly?"
"I got so busy that I forgot about them. I'm going to eat something now. So, it's going to be fine." She made him sit and gestured for Eloise to do the same.
"Um... Take a seat, Eloise. There's no need to feel shy. After all, you're our guest. We would've felt uneasy if you remained standing."
At the next moment, Eloise gritted her teeth. The calm expression she plastered on her face almost fell apart. Fortunately, she lowered her head and kept her roiling emotions hidden. "Sure. Okay."
The waiter served all the dishes once the three of them were seated.
Ivor leaned in close to Bonnie and whispered to her.
###Chapter 625
"Beautifully done, Bonnie."
Her lips curled into a smile as she gazed at him with approval. "You did well yourself. You reacted quickly and went along with my bit flawlessly."
Then, something occurred to him, and he spoke timidly. "Are you mad that I'm meeting Eloise privately, Bonnie? Let me start by saying that we might be childhood friends, but I have no feelings for her. Please believe me."
Turning her head sideways, she glanced at him. "Would you have been able to remain calm if this happened to you?"
The next moment, his eyes sparkled, and his face lit up. "You make me so happy, Bonnie. That means you're only getting this upset and jealous about Eloise because you deeply love me."
She raised her eyebrows and asked, "Are you trying to tell me that you met up with her because you were trying to get me jealous?"
"That's not it. Here, let me explain."
He proceeded to tell her the entire story. "I didn't want to meet with her, but she told me I left some of the stuff from my time overseas when I returned to Arvandor. She took them back for me. "Those things hold a lot of sentimental value to me, so I agreed to meet with her first."
Then, he leaned closer to her and deliberately breathed at her ear. "Now, I've explained everything to you. Are you still mad at me?"
Her lips curled into a grin. "Do you think I'm that petty? Relax. I was just messing with you."
It was as if a heavy weight had been lifted off his shoulder. He smacked his chest dramatically in front of her.
"You almost gave me a heart attack. I thought you were mad at me for cheating on you. The moment I saw you in the restaurant, I thought of all the possible kinds of punishment you'd put me through." Her grin grew wider at that. "You've got a rich imagination, Ivor."
Noticing that she wasn't mad, he felt a smile coming on.
"Do you think it's an imagination? It's my way of telling you that I love you."
She rolled her eyes at him, exasperated. "You've got such a smart mouth. When do you think you can fix this part of you?"
"Whatever I said, I said it with my heart and soul. Are you going to forbid me from voicing my true thoughts?"
"I'm done talking to you."
She turned her head sideways, and he hastily tried to soothe her.
Eloise stared at them.
'Both of them treated me like air. They just said whatever they want, even though I'm right here.'
She bit on her lips. She didn't even realize she was digging her nails into her flesh.
'It's not just I hadn't confessed my love to him while studying overseas. However, Ivor had always coldly rejected my approach.
'I didn't want him to cut me off. So, I could only get close to him as a friend and stay by his side that way. I dared not let him know how much I still loved him.
'I might've successfully become his friend after that. However, my love only grew stronger as time went by. Nobody knew just how much it killed me to shove it down deep.
'After all this time, I thought he'd finally reciprocate my love. What did I get in the end? He cast our friendship aside for this b***.
'Gosh. I'm so furious with her! I hate her so much that I could grind my teeth to dust! How I wish I could rip her to pieces. But I can't do anything except sit here and watch them be lovey-dovey.'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when she saw what was happening before her eyes. At first, she was stunned. Then, her eyes were brimming with a burning rage.
Ivor treated Bonnie with this utmost affection, and he stabbed a piece of food and brought it to her lips, intending to feed her.
"Their grilled swordfish with herb butter is something else, Bonnie. Here, I made sure that there were no bones in this piece. Hurry up and taste it."
Bonnie and Ivor might've been a couple, but she still couldn't get used to acting this lovey-dovey with him. That said, she noticed Eloise gritting her teeth. Bonnie grinned.
'I'm sure this frustrates her very much. Very well. I'm going to end her wishful thinking once and for all!'
"Okay. Here I come."
###Chapter 626
Bonnie ate the piece of fish on his fork and said, "Mmm. It's tasty."
Ivor was ecstatic that she was playing along. His lips curled into a big smile. Then, he put more food on her plate and said, "These tastes great too."
She ate all of them gracefully while he stared at her with love. It was as if they were both enshrouded in a bubble.
Eloise was gnashing her teeth so hard that she could've broken them. Needless to say, her face turned red with fury. She had tried her best to swallow her feelings, but she just couldn't stand it anymore. In the end, she shot up from her seat.
Bonnie and Ivor heard the sound and looked at Eloise.
Bonnie feigned concern. "What's the matter, Eloise? Are you not feeling well?"
Eloise thought to herself, 'Exactly! Both my eyes and my heart don't feel well!' However, she forced a smile and pretended to be courteous.
"I'm fine. It has just occurred to me that I needed to handle some matters. So, I'll be taking my leave now. Enjoy the meal, guys."
Bonnie nodded in understanding. Then, she looked at Ivor. "Why don't you send Eloise back home?"
Signs of hope surfaced in Eloise's expression. She looked at him pitifully.
'I know Bonnie suggested it, and I have no idea what she's playing at. However, it means getting some alone time with Ivor. After all, nothing matters more than my love for him.'
He frowned. Just as he was about to say something, she spoke first. "I'll gladly take up the offer, then." With that, she turned to Ivor and said, "Thanks for sending me home, Ivor." He turned to Bonnie, who was staring at Eloise with a blank expression.
"Wait, I've changed my mind. After all, you guys are childhood friends, and you did try to take advantage of my fiancé earlier. What will I do if you succumb to your l*** while driving? You might take your dress off and s*** him..."
Then, Bonnie took a brief pause before continuing. "I have faith in Ivor's character and trust that he'd never betray me, but he might see something filthy if you did something like that. That simply wouldn't do." Eloise could just cough up blood. 'I knew she wouldn't show me that sort of kindness. So, this is her game. She deliberately gave me false hope, only to pull the rug from under me and humiliate me.'
"I think you've seriously misunderstood me, Bonnie. If you still don't believe me, I can always swear an oath. I don't have "
Before she could finish, Bonnie cut her off.
"Sure, go ahead and swear an oath! Swear to the heaven that if you have any impure thoughts about my fiancé, then you'll be cursed with incurable sores with pus."
Eloise's eyes widened with shock. She glared at Bonnie with murderous intensity.
"U-Um... I should take my leave now. Let's meet up again, Ivor."
It took everything she had to suppress the impulse to reach over and rip Bonnie's face off. Then, she turned around and left with a reddened face.
Bonnie glanced at Eloise and couldn't help but make fun of her. "This childhood friend of yours just can't take a joke."
He continued to put more food on her plate. "Just ignore her and focus on this delicious meal instead."
"Okay."
After the meal, both of them went back to the Knight Villa. Bonnie took a shower and lay down on her bed. She was ready for a good night's sleep when someone suddenly knocked on her door.
It didn't take her long to figure out who was standing outside. So, she responded leisurely, "Come in."
The door swung open. It was Ivor. "I'm here to redeem myself, Bonnie."
###Chapter 627
Bonnie was puzzled. "Redeem yourself?"
Ivor sat by the bed, his eyes filled with affection. "Yeah. I met with Eloise because I wanted to get my stuff back. However, I did meet up with her privately behind your back. So, I want to redeem myself by giving you a massage."
"Haven't I told you that I don't blame you for what happened?" Then, something occurred to her, and she stared at him. "Oh, I get it. Are you going to take advantage of me during the massage?"
He couldn't help but chuckle. "Do I look like someone like that? I'm just worried that you're tired because you came all the way to catch me in the act today."
She stared at him for a while before saying, "Alright, then. I'll believe you this once."
Then she lay down on the bed. "Get on with it."
Taking off his shoes, he climbed onto the bed and started massaging her shoulders gently.
"How does it feel? Am I hurting you?"
Her eyes were lowered while she wore a look of relaxation and pleasure. "It isn't half bad. Keep going."
"Alright."
At first, he was giving her a proper massage. However, he started having funny thoughts after he smelled the sweet scent of her hair.
She came to realize that there was something weird about the way he massaged her. In fact, he was starting to do it somewhat e***.
She shot up from the bed and gripped his hands, which were touching places where they shouldn't have.
"Didn't we agree that you wouldn't take advantage of me? So, what do you think you're doing?"
He looked at her innocently and held her.
"Isn't it normal for me to feel turned on when my hot, beautiful wife is lying before me?"
She rolled her eyes at him. "Don't offer it if you can't do it. Also, don't even think about changing a perfectly normal massage into something else halfway through." Ivor was about to say something when she continued again.
"I was occupied with my research for the whole day. I'm worn out, and I'm trying to get some rest. Hurry up and go back to your room. Stop bugging me."
He looked at her eyes, which were filled with exhaustion, and stopped speaking further. "Sweet dreams, honey."
She yawned sleepily. "Goodnight."
The next day, Ivor and Floyd were on their way to the company when he asked, "Are there any fun places that Bonnie and I can go, Floyd? I'm talking about the places suitable for a short getaway." "Fun places?" Floyd pondered on it.
Before long, he had an idea, and his eyes sparkled.
"You could always take Ms. Bonnie to the hot springs, Mr. Ivor!"
"Hot springs?"
"That's right! There's a private hot spring in Verdant Valley Retreat with amazing vibes. Any couple that went there came back with their relationships stronger than ever. Needless to say, they became much sweeter to each other, too."
Floyd was single. It took Ivor by surprise that he'd hear something like this from Floyd. So, he looked at his assistant strangely.
"Listen to yourself. Why do you know about this place so much? Have you been there?"
Floyd felt a little embarrassed. He explained quickly, "No. I've never been there. I don't have a girlfriend. Who am I supposed to go to the hot spring with? I'm using my cousin and his wife as references.
"They used to show such little interest in each other that everyone thought they were about to get divorced. Then, they went away on a leisure trip to the hot spring, and she came back pregnant. She gave birth to a chubby baby.
"Now, they're as sweet as honey. Both of them are very clingy to each other, too. They can't even bear to leave each other for a second."
“That sounds magical.” Ivor rubbed his chin gently, contemplating.
###Chapter 628
"Things between my cousin and his wife became much better after they went to the hot springs. It's up to you if the same happens to you and Ms. Bonnie. Hehehe..." Ivor scanned Floyd from head to toe with a strange look. He thought about it and said, "Make arrangements for me. Bonnie and I will be there in a couple of days." "Copy that, Mr. Ivor!" Floyd was excited. It was as if he was the one who was taking his girlfriend there.
Meanwhile, Eloise had returned to Gallagher Villa and threw a fit there. Once she was done taking out her frustrations, she pulled out her phone and called Sienna.
"I'm back in Arvandor, Sienna. Let's meet up sometime."
"Sure thing, but I've been a little busy recently. So, you'll have to wait until I have the time."
"That's fine. Go ahead and do your thing. After all, I'm at Arvandor most of the time. We can always meet again." Eloise paused briefly before she continued, "Actually, I have something I need to discuss with you now. Are you free to talk?"
"Of course. I'm all ears."
"I heard that someone called Bonnie was horrible to you recently. Listen, we're close friends. So, I'm definitely going to make her pay for treating you that way!"
Sienna couldn't help but frown when she heard Eloise bring up Bonnie. She stopped her friend immediately. "That won't be necessary."
"Are you saying that because your grandpa is right beside you?"
“No. I mean what I said. I'm fine with catching up on the past with you. So, I'm going to find some time for that and let you know as soon as I do. However, you should stop poking your nose into that particular business."
"Gotcha. That's it, then. Goodbye." Eloise hung up her phone and didn't think much of what Sienna said.
'Sienna must've reacted that way because Leo was standing next to her. After all, Leo is very strict with her. I can totally understand it if she didn't dare accept my help when he's around.
'It's okay, though. If Sienna doesn't want to do it, then I'll do it myself and make her fans ruin Bonnie's reputation!'
At the thought of it, her eyes were filled with an eerie glow.
Then she made a call to someone else. "I hope you can dig up every picture and video clip of Orpheus and Bonnie as soon as possible."
"Roger that."
Before long, she saw what she wanted to see. Picking out some of the more provocative pictures, she sent them all to Sienna. Then, she sent several texts.
"I'm sure you don't know about this, Sienna. Bonnie has s*** Orpheus from a few years ago."
"I know you told me not to butt in, but I just can't stand it when my best friend is hurt like this."
"Leave it to me. I won't let you suffer for nothing."
At the next moment, she sent another picture to Sienna.
It was a picture of the moment when Orpheus and Bonnie had a barbecue. Orpheus had gotten drunk and Bonnie took him to a hotel.
"Look at what Bonnie's doing, Sienna. Just how s*** is she? It's like she can't live a day without sleeping with a man! I'm willing to bet that she s*** Orpheus back when you and him were still together." However, Sienna was so busy with film shooting that she missed out on these pictures and texts.
Eloise took her silence as consent to what she was going to do. All of a sudden, she grew more reckless.
First, she hired someone to forge some pictures of Bonnie flirting with some p*** business owners.
Then, she added these pictures to her previous findings. She also put in some video clips and uploaded all of them to the internet.
Lastly, she hired internet trolls to create heated discussions about it.
Before long, this topic made the trending search in the blink of an eye. Bonnie was in for wave after wave of insults and rebuke.
###Chapter 629
The next day, Bonnie had just woken up when she received Orpheus's call.
"We're shooting a fighting scene now, Bonwick, but the director wasn't sure if what we shot was good enough. He asked me to give you a call and ask you to come over since you're the original author." "Sure thing. I'd just woken up, though. So, give me a minute. I'll be there once I've changed." Slipping out of her bed, she went over to the bathroom to freshen up.
He chuckled. "It's okay, Bonwick. Take it easy. We can always shoot other scenes while we wait for you."
"Alright." She responded and hung up the phone.
Half an hour later, her car pulled over by the film set entrance. The director himself came outside to welcome her.
"You're finally here, Ms. Bonnie. I need some pointers. What should I do to capture the flawless and impactful scene from the original novel? We shot a few of these scenes, but I just can't get the feel right. It fell short of my expectations."
"Have them reenact the scene again. I need to see it before I can offer suggestions." She sat down behind the cameras.
"Okay." The director barked orders to everyone in the film set with a megaphone. "Ready yourselves, people. Get yourself into your roles. The cameras will be rolling in five."
The actors and actresses went to the side to prepare themselves mentally.
Some of the extras glanced at her and started discussing her.
"Is she the most famous and successful author in the literary industry? Is she Jane? She's so young and beautiful.”
"You said it. Her writing style is so mature that I used to think that she was an old lady. I didn't think she'd be younger than I am.”
"She could've earned money using her exquisite looks, but she chose to rely on her talent instead. I have to say that I envy her very much."
They were in the middle of the discussion when they saw Orpheus giving Bonnie breakfast.
"You came here as soon as you woke up. Did you have breakfast? This place has some very nice bagels. Why don't you have a taste and tell me if you like it?"
Bonnie did come here in a hurry without having breakfast. She took it and said, "I appreciate that."
The director also saw it and added, "He's right, Ms. Bonnie. Go ahead and have your breakfast. I'll ask them to hold on for a few minutes."
"That's fine." She proceeded to finish her bagel in several bites. "Return to your positions and reenact the scene, everyone. That'll help me see the whole thing before giving suggestions." "Okay, Ms. Bonnie."
The actors and actresses responded in unison and started the shooting.
With that said, everyone was a little nervous when they were acting in front of her. That included Orpheus as well. They wanted to show her their best.
She saw how nervous they were, and couldn't help but tease them a little. "Why are you guys this nervous? Do I look fierce or something?" Everyone directed their gazes at her.
'She's so extraordinarily beautiful that there were no words that could describe how gorgeous she is. Why would she look fierce at all?' 'We just want to give it our best when she's around.'
"Relax. Just think of me as a normal staff member. I know I'm the original author, but everyone plays a role in bringing the characters to life.
"I'm here to make things run smoothly. So, it's important that you guys relax and act the way you would normally. That's the only way I could spot the issue. It'll be easier for you guys to do your jobs once we resolve it. Wouldn't you agree?"
Everyone began to relax and focus on acting after her comforting words.
She saw the whole scene and proceeded to provide some suggestions.
The director adjusted the scene according to the issues she pointed out. As expected, it streamlined the entire shooting for that scene, and they finally got the feel right.
###Chapter 630
"This is incredible! You're amazing!" The director gave Bonnie a thumbs up. "We needed you after all, Ms. Bonnie. I'm grateful that you showed up when you did, Ms. Bonnie. Otherwise, I would surely have lost the last few strands of hair on my head."
"You did a marvelous job as well. The casting and the props were very close to the original novel." Bonnie gave him an approving look.
The director's face turned red when Bonnie complimented him.
"I'm happy that you're happy with it, Ms. Bonnie. I'll keep doing better."
"Don't push yourself too hard. Just do as you were." She smiled gently and stood up. "I need to use the restroom. You can go ahead and shoot the scenes yourself. I'll make more suggestions when I return." He nodded at once. "Loud and clear, Ms. Bonnie."
She nodded slightly in response and went to the restroom. As she was about to leave, she heard some mutterings in the hallway.
"These internet discussions have to be fake. How could Ms. Bonnie be someone like this?"
"That's right. I'm sure some of the netizens were jealous of her talents and defamed her on purpose! That's it. I won't allow anyone to insult Ms. Bonnie this way. I have to log in and defend her." "You guys better stay out of it. The original poster managed to dig up this many video clips and pictures. So, there must be some ounce of truth in there. You guys might get into a heap of trouble if you intervene!"
"In all honesty, I think Orpheus is a little too sweet on Ms. Bonnie. Do you think there may be something between them?"
They were discussing it intensely when they heard Bonnie's voice next to them.
"Are you guys talking about me?"
All of them were rooted to the spot. Their faces fell the moment they saw her pop up before them. The extra who started this discussion was so startled that she dropped her phone.
Bonnie bent down to pick up the phone. Then, she saw the pictures and video clips, as well as the berating comments.
She couldn't help but raise her brows. "Someone really fumbled the Photoshop on these pictures."
Everyone was shocked. Not only did Bonnie remain calm when she saw her own scandalous news, but she joined in on the discussion.
"A-Aren't you the least bit upset when you saw these discussions, Ms. Bonnie?"
"Yeah. They defamed and slandered your good name. That's too much. We should find the people who started these false rumors and send them to the police. Do they honestly think the internet is a lawless wasteland? How could they just do whatever they want?"
"Hear, hear. Being a keyboard warrior is as good as being a piece of trash!"
Instead of responding to their questions and comments, she handed the phone back to its owner.
"The shooting for the next scene is about to begin. Come over when you guys are ready." With that, she left the hallway and went to the studio.
Everyone watched as she left and couldn't help but gasp in admiration. "Ms. Bonnie truly lives up to Jane's name. She's completely unfazed."
"I would've fallen apart a long time ago if I were in her shoes. How could she have remained this calm? I have to hand it to her, Ms. Bonnie is kind of a badass."
"That's enough of this topic. Hurry up and get ready for the shooting. Otherwise, the director is going to let us have it."
Bonnie entered the studio and had just sat on the chair when she saw Orpheus approaching her with his phone. The anger in his eyes was unmistakable. "Did you see everything they wrote on the internet?"
###Chapter 631
"I've seen it." Bonnie's expression remained calm, as if she were talking about something insignificant to her.
Orpheus had already guessed who was behind this vile situation.
"Is it Sienna? I noticed that about 70 percent of the people cursing you are her fans!"
As he spoke, he handed his phone to Bonnie. Those curses instantly caught her eye.
"It seems that the previous incident was true. Sienna is pitiful. She suffered so much injustice but don't dare to speak up."
"This despicable woman not only s*** Sienna's boyfriend but also had connections with other men. If you count them all, there may be even hundreds of men involved here. She's so shameless. Isn't she afraid of getting diseases?"
"She's p***. How could she possibly be afraid of diseases? The biggest victim in this whole thing is Sienna. When I think back to Sienna's pale and haggard appearance before, my heart aches." "Sienna can't speak up. As her fans, we must not stand idly by and watch her suffer injustice. We must unite and seek justice for Sienna."
Bonnie silently read a few comments without expression, then said, "It wasn't Sienna who did this. Someone is deliberately instigating trouble between her and me."
Orpheus looked puzzled and asked, "But didn't she target you before? How can you be so sure that she didn't do this?"
"I don't know how to explain this to you right now, but I said it wasn't her, so it wasn't."
Bonnie looked at the director, who was ready for the next scene, and said, "The next scene is about to start, you should go prepare. I'll continue to watch."
Orpheus looked at Bonnie with disbelief. "After such a big incident, you're still here focusing on filming? Aren't you going to do something about it?"
Bonnie scoffed. "It's just a bunch of clowns. Does it matter if it's solved now or later? My task today is to watch you all finish shooting these scenes. I won't bother with anything else."
Orpheus gave Bonnie a thumbs-up. "Your mental fortitude is so good that it's almost abnormal."
Bonnie chuckled lightly. "Alright, stop babbling. Hurry up and get ready for the shoot."
"Okay," Orpheus responded, not paying any more attention to the matter. He picked up the script and rehearsed his lines again.
Meanwhile, Bonnie continued to watch the film. She didn't even want to bother with the drama happening on the internet. To her, dealing with such matters was simple, so why bother wasting her energy on it? The most urgent task was to resolve the filming.
Sienna came out of the recording studio only to find her fan group filled with messages. It was all about Bonnie's overwhelming scandal on the internet.
Her fans kept mentioning her on Twitter, saying they would help her seek justice.
"Sienna, if you're being bullied, just speak up. We won't let you face it alone."
###Chapter 632
"Yeah, Sienna, you still have us. We are your strongest supporters. Whatever you want to do, we support you."
"Sienna, don't worry. This time, we must make that despicable person pay a heavy price. We won't let her off so easily."
Anger welled up in Sienna's chest when she looked at the messages from her fans and the insults directed at Bonnie in the fan group.
She would have been delighted to see such a scene in the past, before she discovered Bonnie's identity and that Bonnie had no relationship with Orpheus.
But now, insulting Bonnie like this was like asking for trouble.
As Sienna thought about this, she noticed several unread messages on Twitter. With a light tap of her fingertips on the screen, she saw Eloise's message, only to realize that all of this was Eloise's doing! She immediately dialed Eloise's number without hesitation, but the other party didn't answer.
As Sienna listened to the automated message on the other end of the phone, she felt as if her chest was on fire. She called four or five times in a row, but it was the same each time. Eloise's phone was temporarily disconnected.
Sienna was so furious that she almost smashed her phone, but she also understood that getting angry wouldn't solve anything. Hence, she decided to resolve Bonnie's matter first. She immediately logged into her account to clear Bonnie's name.
She posted, "I have seen the rumors on the internet. I declare that the circulated videos and photos are all false. I hope everyone can remain rational and not harm innocent people because of lies. "Moreover, I have interacted with her for a while and know she is different from the person described by the marketing account. I demand the marketing account delete the posts immediately. Otherwise, they will be held responsible!"
As soon as this clarification message came out, Sienna's fans erupted in anger.
"What's going on? Why is Sienna speaking up for Bonnie? Is there another story behind this?"
"Sienna, if you're in trouble, just blink twice. Don't worry, we'll stand up for you!"
"Come on! Hang in there! We must not bow down to the bad guys or compromise. We support you."
"Everyone, hurry up and support her. We must let more people see Sienna's grievances. This will determine whether or not we can bring Sienna to justice."
After publishing the message, Sienna sat on the couch with her phone in her hand.
But after seeing the comments from her fans, she was fuming. She had already tried her best to clear things up for Bonnie, but this group of fans didn't understand her intentions. They intensified their insults toward Bonnie instead!
Eloise finally called her back.
"Sienna, why did you call me so many times? Is there something important you need to talk to me about?"
Hearing Eloise's seemingly ignorant tone, Sienna was instantly furious, and the hand holding the phone tightened even more.
"Eloise, didn't I tell you that I don't need you to do anything? Why did you interfere? Did you post those pictures and videos on the internet? Delete those posts immediately, or you will regret everything you did today!"
Thinking that Sienna was so angry with her because her grandfather was around, Eloise didn't care.
"Sienna, I understand. I will delete those things."
###Chapter 633
Eloise thought she was helping Sienna out by saying those things for Leo to hear.
Sienna detected the nonchalant tone in Eloise's voice and emphasized her words with a firmer tone.
"Eloise, Bonnie's identity is far from simple. I advise you to stop immediately, lest things escalate to a point where they cannot be salvaged. Even the heavens won't be able to save you then." If Eloise still didn't understand, then she was beyond redemption.
Eloise replied very nicely, "Sienna, I understand your meaning. There is no need to say more. I will delete those things."
Sienna frowned, unsure if Eloise believed her or not. 'She should, right? After all, I made my point very clear.'
Sienna reminded her again, "You'd better follow through. Don't dig your own grave."
"Got it, Sienna. If there's nothing else, I'll hang up now." Eloise thought that she had put on enough of a show in front of Sienna's grandfather.
"Okay," Sienna responded indifferently. Just before hanging up, she spoke up again.
"Remember what I said, don't take it lightly."
"Got it, Sienna," Eloise quickly responded.
After hanging up the phone, Eloise looked at how public opinion online was fermenting precisely as she had imagined. A sinister smile crept onto her lips.
Upon hearing Sienna's words, she did not stop. She escalated the situation further by hiring more internet ghostwriters to comment as she wanted, pushing this matter even further.
Meanwhile, Ivor watched as people online spoke ill of Bonnie, his eyes barely containing his restrained anger.
With a voice as cold as ice chips, he glanced up at Floyd and asked, "Have you finished investigating everything I asked you to?"
Floyd quickly nodded. "Yes, I have."
Ivor slowly stood up from the sofa, a storm brewing in his eyes. "Let's go."
"Yes." Floyd quickly caught up with Ivor's pace.
Outside the abandoned factory, an exceedingly miserable-looking man with a bloated face crouched on the ground, covered in bruises. The head bodyguard was interrogating him.
"You received a transfer yesterday afternoon. Who gave you the money?"
Carlton Benson swallowed hard. He could not control his trembling, looking at the hoard of bodyguards surrounding him.
"I-I don't know who gave me the money?"
The head bodyguard heard this and flexed his fingers, making a cracking sound.
"Wasn't the pain just now enough to make a lasting impression?"
As he spoke, he approached Carlton slowly.
Just as the man's fist was about to strike, Carlton was so frightened that he almost wet himself, retreating in panic.
"I'll talk! Don't hit me!"
Seeing the other party pause, Carlton hurriedly explained. "The money was transferred to my account through multiple anonymous accounts. I don't know who sent it."
"You don't know who sent the money, but you dare spread rumors about others on the internet?"
"I was just greedy and reluctant to let go of the ten grand. That's why I did what they said. I promise, I won't do it again. Please, have mercy on me. That's not what I intended." The head bodyguard looked at him with a smirk.
Carlton kept pleading, "Please! Please spare me! I was just being used by someone else."
###Chapter 634
"Do you know who the person you spread rumors about indiscriminately is?"
Carlton shook his head, "I don't know!"
Before he could finish speaking, someone kicked him in the face.
"You dare to touch my woman? Are you tired of living?"
As a businessman, Carlton had attended the Knight family's events and had seen Ivor in person.
Hence, he immediately recognized the richest man in Pyralis. Waves of shock surged through him, and he was filled with horror. "M-Mr. Ivor?!"
Ivor's thin lips curled slightly, but his eyes were frosty.
"Yes, you've got some eyesight."
Carlton finally realized the extent of the influential figure he had offended. He quickly crawled to Ivor's feet and repeatedly begged for mercy.
"I-I'm sorry, Mr. Ivor. I was blind and foolish. If I had known she was your wife, I wouldn't have dared to do this, Mr. Ivor!"
Ivor stood opposite him, his gaze piercingly cold. "As long as you cooperate with me to expose the mastermind behind you, I'll consider sparing you." "Whatever you ask, I'll tell you everything." Carlton trembled uncontrollably.
Carlton responded to all of Ivor's inquiries concerning hiring online ghostwriters and transferring money.
After finishing, Carlton cautiously glanced at Ivor. "Mr. Ivor, I've told you everything I can. C-Can you spare me this time?"
Ivor cast a cold sideways glance at him.
"Shut up and wait quietly. Once we find out who's behind the scenes, then I'll deal with you."
Carlton felt like crying. His regrets were beyond words. He shouldn't have been greedy for that ten grand in the first place.
He had now offended such an unapproachable figure and had implicated himself in the process.
While they were talking, Floyd suddenly approached and whispered something in Ivor's ear.
Ivor raised his gaze to look at him. "Are you sure?"
Floyd nodded, his tone full of certainty. "The evidence is conclusive."
A pensive look flashed across Ivor's eyes. "Go to the Gallagher residence."
"Yes."
Floyd and Ivor left the abandoned warehouse together.
At the Gallagher residence, Chester and Sharron Gallagher were drinking tea and chatting.
Suddenly, the butler rushed over and whispered to Chester, "Sir. Mr. Ivor Knight is at the door and wants to see you."
Chester was taken aback, a hint of surprise flickering in his eyes.
"Ivor? Did he say why he's here?"
While the Gallagher and Knight families had been working together recently, Chester was the one who visited Ivor to discuss issues. Chester felt a little taken aback because this was Ivor's first time visiting them.
The butler shook his head and replied, "Mr. Ivor didn't say... and I didn't dare to ask."
Chester thought it made sense and quickly instructed the butler, "Quickly invite him in!"
"Yes."
The butler quickly left, and Chester instructed the nearby servants, "Make sure everything is clean and prepare some good tea and fresh fruits. Maybe he's come in person to discuss a major business deal with the Gallagher family!"
Chester was thrilled by the idea. However, he couldn't help but question how important it was for Ivor to look for him in person.
The more he thought about it, the more excited he became.
###Chapter 635
A maid knocked on the door cautiously upstairs.
"Ms. Eloise."
Eloise's voice came from inside, "Come in."
With much excitement, the maid opened the door and said, "Ms. Eloise, I have a huge piece of good news for you."
"What news?" Eloise asked casually before lowering her head and watching the online public opinion.
She felt that whatever news the maid had was not as important as teaching that despicable Bonnie a lesson, so she didn't pay too much attention.
The servant quickly said, "M-Mr. Ivor is here."
"Ivor is here?!"
Eloise was stunned for a moment. She rushed over, grabbed the maid's shoulder, and asked, "Are you sure? Ivor is downstairs?"
The maid came to tell Eloise when she saw Ivor approaching because she knew Eloise liked him, "Absolutely. Your parents are currently downstairs entertaining Mr. Ivor. Ms. Eloise, you should hurry down to take a look."
Eloise smiled. She thought Ivor must have felt that what happened last time was too much. So, he came to her house to apologize and gain her forgiveness!
The more Eloise thought about it, the wider her smile became.
She walked to the closet and took out some clothes, trying them on in front of the mirror.
As she tried on the clothes, she didn't forget to ask the maid behind her, "How do I look in this outfit? Is it nice?"
The maid immediately flattered, "Miss, you are beautiful no matter what you wear."
"Forget it. This one doesn't highlight my figure well. I won't wear this."
Eloise rummaged through the closet and quickly found a white lace camisole and a tight-fitting skirt.
After changing, she ran back to the mirror for another look.
The low-cut camisole accentuated her bust, and the tight skirt cinched her waist tightly, making her figure alluring. With a touch of lipstick to brighten her complexion, she looked perfect. The flattery from the maid rang in her ears again.
"Miss, you're so beautiful, and your figure is impressive. Mr. Ivor will be amazed when he sees you like this.
Eloise was elated by the praise, her eyes brimming with confidence.
"Today, I must completely conquer Ivor and let him know that I am his best choice."
The maid cheered her, "I believe in you, Miss!"
"Do you even need to say it? With my charm, I can definitely win over Ivor."
Eloise checked herself in the mirror again, ensured everything was perfect, and then hurried downstairs.
She slowed down when she reached the stairs, swaying her slender waist gracefully toward Ivor.
Sharron frowned when she saw her daughter approach them.
"Eloise, we have guests at home. Why did you come down dressed like this? Go change quickly."
Chester's expression also darkened when he saw Eloise's attire.
"Do as your mother says. This is really inappropriate."
Eloise deliberately leaned down to pick up a grape and put it in her mouth, her s*** gaze occasionally looking in Ivor's direction.
"Dad, Mom, it's the 21st century now. Why are you still so conservative? Many people dress like this nowadays." While smiling at Ivor, she said, "Ivor, don't you agree?" Ivor glanced coldly at her and pursed his lips without responding.
###Chapter 636
He had always acted this way, and Eloise didn't mind. She sat down beside him.
"Ivor, aren't you usually busy? How come you have the time to see me? But you've come at the right time. The chef is cooking in the kitchen now. Stay and join us for a meal. I'll go tell them to prepare some items you prefer."
Hearing Eloise's words, Chester followed suit, "Yes, Ivor, the dishes will be ready soon. Let's have a meal together."
Ivor subtly distanced himself from Eloise, exuding an aura of coldness.
"Eating isn't necessary. I came here because I have something I want to discuss with Eloise."
Hearing this, Eloise was overjoyed. 'I was right! Ivor came to apologize to me and gain my forgiveness.'
When Eloise thought about it, a slight flush came across her face, and her eyes gleamed with coyness.
"Ivor, this matter isn't urgent. We can discuss it after we eat."
Although she hoped that Ivor would apologize to her and say nice things, there was no need to rush. After all, having a meal with Ivor at the same table was also delightful.
"Eloise, after what you did, how could you ask me to have a meal with you?" Ivor threw a document folder in front of Eloise. "Take a look for yourself."
Eloise's attitude somewhat shifted as she sensed something unfavorable about what was in front of her. She hesitated, unwilling to open it.
"I... Ivor... What do you mean by this?"
"Open it." Ivor looked at her expressionlessly.
Unable to refuse, Eloise reluctantly took the folder and opened it.
Her face changed, and a hint of panic flashed in her eyes when she saw the first page about hiring online ghostwriters to attack Bonnie. However, it was only momentarily, and she forcefully concealed that expression.
As she continued to read, she became increasingly alarmed. Eloise felt like she was in agony. But she also knew that she had to play dumb.
"Ivor, what is this you're showing me? I don't quite understand."
Chester vaguely realized something was wrong. "Eloise, let me see that document."
Afraid of being found out, Eloise pretended to be calm and handed the document to Chester. Chester took the document and quickly noticed something was amiss.
Sharron, who was standing beside him, also noticed.
"Weird? How come there's 50 grand that flowed out of our subsidiary company?"
Although 50 grand was not much for the Gallagher family, it was a large sum for a small company.
Chester and Sharron both turned their gazes to Eloise.
"Eloise, what's going on with this money? Did you do this?"
Eloise put on an innocent expression, "Mom, Dad, I don't know what's going on with this."
###Chapter 637
Ivor looked at Eloise and said in an icy tone. "Finding out about this matter is quite simple. Just investigate which account the funds from this subsidiary company flowed into, and everything will become clear." Eloise's face became white, and her fingers clenched.
Sensing the gravity of the situation, Chester immediately said, "I'll send someone to investigate right away."
"No need." Ivor took out another set of documents from Floyd.
"I've already investigated for you. The account where the funds flowed into is this one."
Chester carefully examined the documents for a few moments. The account where the funds flowed into was under a name he had never seen before.
Chester looked at Ivor, puzzled. "Ivor, what does all this mean? Why are you holding onto these things, and why did you come to find my daughter? What exactly happened?"
Ivor's face didn't change, but his tone was chilling.
"Since last night, my fiancée has been under attack on the internet. I've already found out that someone deliberately led to it. Later I found out that the IP address that bought the internet ghostwriters to attack my fiancée is from the Gallagher family!"
They instantly focused their sharp gazes on Eloise.
"Eloise, how do you explain this?"
They believed that the statement and evidence provided by Ivor were not groundless.
A hint of guilt flashed in Eloise's eyes, but she soon suppressed that guilt again and transformed it into a thick grievance.
"Mom, Dad, I'm innocent. I didn't do it. You know me, how would I do something like this?"
Tears filled her eyes as she spoke, and she glanced at Ivor with a pitying sniffle.
"Ivor, I admit that I had feelings for you and I wanted to be with you. But since you already have a fiancée, I gave up. My conscience wouldn't allow me to be a homewrecker.
"Although it's hard for me to let go, I guarantee with my integrity that I would never do such dirty deeds."
Hearing Eloise's tearful words, Chester and Sharron gradually began to believe their daughter and spoke up to support her.
"Ivor, why don't we investigate together again? Perhaps there's a misunderstanding in all of this?"
"Yes, I don't think Eloise would do such a thing."
Ivor knew Eloise wouldn't readily admit to it, so he was prepared.
"Floyd, bring that person here."
"Yes," Floyd responded and quickly brought up a well-dressed man.
He was Kerry Patel, the Gallagher family's subsidiary company manager.
Ivor looked at Kerry and spoke indifferently, "Mr. Kerry, tell us everything you know."
Kerry wiped the sweat from his forehead and glanced secretly in Eloise's direction.
Eloise immediately noticed Kerry's gaze and inwardly panicked, but she calmly shot him a warning look.
"What are you looking at me for? This matter has nothing to do with me."
Upon hearing Eloise's denial, Kerry became anxious.
###Chapter 638
"Miss... you... how could you..."
Chester looked at Eloise, then at Kerry.
"Mr. Kerry, stop beating around the bush. Just say what you need to."
Kerry took a deep breath, knowing that Eloise wouldn't protect him, so he recounted the entire process of Eloise coming to him.
"Ms. Eloise came to me and asked me to transfer 50 grand to an account..."
The more Eloise listened, the more sweat trickled down her back. By the end, her clothes were soaked with cold sweat, and even her palms were sweaty.
She was getting increasingly frightened, and she yelled at Kerry. "Don't you dare shift the blame onto me! This is clearly your negligence. So much money went missing, and not only do you refuse to admit your fault, but you also try to blame me!"
"Miss, you're being heartless! You were the one who instructed me to do this. How can you try to pin it on me now? Yes, you're the pampered heiress with an exit strategy for everything you do.
"But I'm different. I'm a man, the pillar of my family. I have elders and children to support. If I lose this job, my whole family will be in trouble!
"And I got to this manager position by working hard. How can you dismiss all my efforts and hard work with a casual remark?"
Eloise naturally couldn't admit to this matter. She glared fiercely at Kerry, her eyes filled with a strong warning.
"Don't give me these excuses. You're just trying to frame me. This is your negligence. It has nothing to do with me. You just wait to be fired!" Kerry didn't want to make things look so ugly, but Eloise had pushed him to his limit. Taking a deep breath, he took out his phone from his pocket. "Miss, I knew you wouldn't admit it if something went wrong. Luckily, I made a recording in advance. Let's listen to it together."
"A recording?!" Eloise's heart trembled, and waves of panic surged in her chest.
'This scoundrel Kerry dared to record me secretly? Could he be bluffing? No, I have to remain calm until the very end.'
"Just because you say so, doesn't mean you can threaten me. Why should I admit to something I didn't do?"
Kerry shook his head in resignation, scrolled to the recording, and turned up the volume.
In the recording, their conversation quickly played out.
Eloise: "Transfer 50 grand to the account I designated. I'll compensate you for the vacancies."
At this point, Kerry's voice was hesitant. "Miss, that's 50 grand. Have you obtained Mr. Chester's consent? What if it's traced back to us later? I can't bear that responsibility." Eloise's tone was domineering. "I'm the heiress of the Gallagher family. Everything in the Gallagher family belongs to me. Do I need his consent for a mere 50 grand?
"Do as I say, or I'll kick you out of the company and make sure you can never make it in this city again."
Kerry could only reluctantly agree. "Okay, Miss, but I have to make it clear. If this matter is exposed, you have to speak for me in front of Mr. Chester. This job is very important to me, and I can't afford to lose it."
Eloise: "Got it. Why are you so long-winded? Just do as I say."
After listening to the recording, the living room fell silent.
Chester never expected that his daughter would do such a despicable thing. His face alternated between pale and flushed.
"Eloise, have you forgotten all the principles we taught you since childhood? I never imagined that your heart would become so dark that you could stoop to such vile acts!"
###Chapter 639
Sharron was pissed off, too. She glared at Eloise, wanting to say something, but she could only let out a heavy sigh of disappointment.
Eloise admitted to the matter, knowing that further denial would be meaningless now that it had been revealed.
"Yes, I did it. I just couldn't stand Bonnie!"
She looked straight at Ivor as she spoke and suddenly burst into laughter. As she laughed, tears rolled down her cheeks. Her laughter and tears made her look particularly frenzied.
Chester was about to speak up to stop Eloise's behavior. But before he could, Eloise's voice rang out again.
"Ivor, I've known you for so many years, and we studied abroad together. You know that I like you, but you never gave me a chance. I waited, hoping that one day you would like me back. But what happened? Y-You fell in love with someone else!"
At this point, Eloise's tone was filled with resentment.
"I just don't understand. What's so good about Bonnie compared to our many years together? Calling me a mistress? I say she's the mistress!"
She thought, 'I wanted to teach Bonnie a lesson, to let her know how formidable I am. I wanted her to leave the person I liked. Who knew it would be exposed so quickly?
'Ivor came to question me in person for that despicable Bonnie! The love I had persisted in for so long was just a joke.'
Eloise thought that speaking from the heart like this would arouse Ivor's sympathy and pity. But to her surprise, Ivor just glanced at her and then looked at Chester.
"Mr. Chester, does she represent the attitude of the entire Gallagher family? She slandered my woman and is now blatantly insulting her, clearly indicating a complete break with the Knight family."
Only now did Chester realize how important Bonnie was to Ivor. He quickly spoke up, "Ivor, Eloise is ignorant. Don't take her words seriously. Normally, she's quite obedient. I don't know what got her to do such a thing.
"As her father, I feel very ashamed of raising her so poorly. But, even though she's my daughter, how can she represent the entire Gallagher family? Let me put it this way, as long as I'm here, the Gallagher family listens to me, not her!"
Ivor didn't respond. His handsome face remained tense. Chester knew that Ivor wouldn't easily forgive Eloise or spare the Gallagher family.
After careful consideration, Chester's face turned even more somber. He let out a sigh, stood up from the sofa, and firmly slapped Eloise across the face.
"You wicked girl, apologize to Ivor right now! Say you won't do this again."
The stinging sensation spread across her face. Eloise covered her face, crying as she complained to Sharron.
"Mom! Look at Dad. He hit me. He actually hit me because of an outsider!"
Sharron not only ignored Eloise's grievances but also scolded her harshly. "Serve you right! Who told you to do such a foolish thing?"
When she realized that no one was assisting her, Eloise fled upstairs while covering her face tearfully.
###Chapter 640
"Eloise!" Chester shouted.
Ignoring Chester's call, Eloise returned to her room and slammed the door shut. Following that, heart-wrenching cries were heard from behind the door.
Chester felt helpless with his daughter. He had a splitting headache. "Ivor, I'm sorry. My daughter is completely out of control and disgraceful."
When Ivor looked at Chester, there was a hint of indifference in his eyes.
"Mr. Chester, considering the long-standing relationship between our two families, I can stop here for this incident. But let this be the last time. My fiancée is my bottom line. If such a thing happens again, don't blame me for being ruthless."
Chester repeatedly assured Ivor, "Rest assured, Ivor, I will discipline Eloise properly and prevent her from causing trouble for you again. I apologize to you on her behalf."
"Hmm," Ivor responded indifferently, slowly standing up. "If there's nothing else, I'll leave now. There are still matters in the company to attend to."
Chester also stood up. "Ivor, let me walk you out."
"No need," Ivor responded curtly.
"In that case, take care on your way."
Without responding, Ivor strode out of the Gallagher residence.
Sitting in the Maybach, he looked at Floyd and calmly instructed, "Clear all the negative news about Bonnie on the internet. If those marketing accounts dare to post secretly, immediately block them without any room for negotiation."
"Yes, boss." Then, Floyd asked, "What about Carlton, the one Eloise hired to smear Bonnie?"
"Send him to prison." Ivor would not spare anyone who bullied Bonnie.
"Yes." Floyd turned the steering wheel and cautiously glanced at Ivor through the rearview mirror. "Boss, did you forgive Eloise so easily?"
Floyd knew this wasn't what Ivor would normally do, so he had to ask.
Ivor curled his lips slightly, but there was a chill in his eyes. "Forgive her? Do you think that's possible?"
Floyd was puzzled. "So, what do you mean...?"
"What Eloise needs to do, I've hinted to Chester. I don't need to take action myself. He will naturally know what to do. If he doesn't, then we'll see. In any case, I absolutely won't let Eloise off so easily for tarnishing Bonnie's reputation."
Eloise hid in her room, her eyes swelled up as though from a bee sting. After crying enough, the more she thought about what happened in the living room, the more resentful she became.
A raging fire burned in her chest as if it were about to burn away her sanity.
At this moment, the door to the room was suddenly opened with a spare key, and Chester walked in.
"Get on the live stream now to apologize to Bonnie. You must let everyone on the internet know your sincerity."
###Chapter 641
"Apologize to Bonnie on the internet? Why, Dad? Hasn't Ivor already left? Why do you have to force me like this?" Tears almost blinded Eloise's eyes. She grabbed Chester's hand, filled with sadness. "Dad, please spare me. I know I was wrong, I really do."
Chester sighed heavily and shook off Eloise's hand helplessly. "Even if you know you were wrong, it's useless. Because it's not me who wants to punish you, it's Ivor."
"W-Why?!" Eloise looked anxious and puzzled. "H-Hasn't he already left? And he didn't mention anything about asking me to apologize to Bonnie on the internet before." Chester let out a heavy, cold snort from his nose.
"Do you think that he would forgive you so easily? If that were the case, why would he bother coming here in person to discuss this matter with us? He's waiting for our response now.
"If we don't satisfy him enough, he will cause trouble for us. So, you must make a public apology!"
Eloise bit her lip so hard that she tasted blood.
"I thought he would overlook my mistakes considering the decades of friendship between our families. I didn't expect him to go this far for that wench!"
She hated Bonnie to the core and wished she could tear her to pieces and s*** her of her tendons and bones.
"What's done is done. No matter what we say now, it's useless. You must do as I say, or else the entire Gallagher family might be implicated because of you," Chester commanded in an uncompromising tone, leaving no room for negotiation.
Eloise knew the seriousness of the situation. She had to grit her teeth and agree, even if she was unwilling.
"I... un... der... stand..."
At 6 p.m., Eloise started a live stream with her account to publicly apologize to Bonnie and explain the incident to netizens.
As netizens learned the truth, shock and anger swept through the comments section.
"Your scheming is too vicious! You completely forced Bonnie into a dead end!"
"I never expected her to be the one behind this, and shamelessly use Sienna's power to attack Bonnie. It's despicable!"
"Yes, she used Sienna's fans like fools. Thinking back to the things I said about Bonnie, I now feel like strangling her."
"Although Bonnie and Sienna had some conflicts before, Sienna clarified the situation twice, proving that Bonnie is not that kind of person!"
As Eloise looked at the comments filled with insults, her eyes gradually reddened. Eventually, fearing that she would lose control in front of the netizens, she hastily ended the livestream.
When the screen went completely black, she couldn't restrain herself. She roared angrily, waving her arms vigorously and sweeping all the cosmetics off the table violently. B***! Clang!
The floor instantly became a mess. Despite this, Eloise still didn't feel relieved.
The image of Bonnie's triumphant appearance kept haunting her mind. The more she thought about it, the tighter her fists clenched, unconsciously sinking into her palms. Her eyes were filled with intense hatred.
"Ah! Bonnie, you b***! I absolutely won't let you off!"
...
At the McLeod Villa, Sienna was about to go to the recording studio. Before she could leave, a servant came up and reported, "Ms. Eloise is outside and wants to see you."
Thinking of Eloise's recent foolish actions, Sienna's face darkened.
"Let her in."
###Chapter 642
"Yes."
The servant quickly left and brought Eloise in.
When Eloise saw Sienna, she ran up to her and grabbed her hand.
"Sienna-"
Before she could finish her sentence, Sienna harshly shook her hand off.
Eloise wore a look of confusion and bewilderment. "Sienna, what's wrong with you?"
"Why are you asking me what's wrong? Instead of asking me, you should reflect on how stupid your actions were!"
Sienna looked at Eloise as if she were mentally challenged.
Approaching slowly, Eloise grabbed Sienna's hand again and tried to please her. "Sienna, I know you're angry because of what I did to Bonnie."
Sienna's expression softened slightly at these words. Eloise seemed aware of her mistakes, which meant there was still hope for her. However, what Eloise said next stunned her.
"I should have planned more carefully. I revealed my hand too easily. That way, I wouldn't have been discovered by Ivor, and I could've easily sent that b*** Bonnie to hell! But unfortunately... I miscalculated."
Seeing the twisted hatred on Eloise's face, Sienna's eyes flashed with immense anger. She forcefully shook off Eloise's hand.
"You're such an idiot!"
Eloise also became annoyed. "Sienna, we're best friends. How can you treat me like this?"
"We're not friends anymore. Don't come to me in the future." Sienna's attitude was extremely persistent.
Eloise looked incredulous. "S-Sienna, are you breaking off our friendship?"
Sienna's voice was icy cold, with a complete lack of emotion.
"Yes! I'm breaking off our friendship, so don't bother coming to me again."
"Why?" Eloise was filled with confusion and disbelief.
She didn't understand why Sienna suddenly became so firm in her attitude towards her.
'Is it because of Bonnie? But it shouldn't be, right? Bonnie is our common enemy!'
Just as Eloise was thinking this, she caught a glimpse of Leo and the others walking in from outside.
Seeing them, the reason behind Sienna's sudden change in attitude toward her became apparent.
No wonder Sienna suddenly treated her so poorly. It turned out that Sienna knew her three uncles were present and had put on a show before them!
With this realization, Eloise understood Sienna's actions and didn't blame her anymore. Eloise's expression became much calmer.
"Sienna, I understand your difficulties now. Since you're not in a position to speak, I'll leave first. Contact me when you have time, and we'll sit down and have a good chat." Sienna was speechless at her words.
###Chapter 643
'Didn't I make it clear enough? What did she mean by understanding my difficulties? And what was inconvenient to talk about? Do we have anything left to talk about? Is there a hole in her head?' "Eloise, wait, you need to explain this to me," Sienna was afraid that Eloise would misunderstand her, so she hurriedly caught up.
However, Eloise looked like she had already seen through everything. "There's no need to say anything, Sienna. Let's chat another day when you have time."
Sienna watched Eloise's departing figure with a speechless expression. 'What is her problem?'
When Bonnie got home from the set, she saw Ivor sitting on the sofa using his laptop. He wore a plain white shirt and was staring at the screen thoughtfully. Beneath the neatly ironed fabric, faint traces of muscular lines could be seen.
A phrase immediately popped into Bonnie's mind. 'Trouble follows where beauty goes.'
She couldn't deny that this man had the charm. With this thought in mind, Bonnie lifted her gaze and met the man's deep eyes.
Leaning his chin on his hand, Ivor's eyes held a hint of amusement. "Honey, do you like it?"
Bonnie casually stared at Ivor from head to toe, then nodded. "It's quite nice."
Ivor arched an eyebrow and moved gently away from the sofa toward Bonnie.
"It feels pretty good, too. Want to try it out?" he suggested, closing the distance between them.
Bonnie calmly took two steps back. "Playing rogue in broad daylight at home, aren't you ashamed?"
A smirk tugged at the corner of Ivor's lips as he continued to advance toward Bonnie.
"You said it yourself, we're at home. What's there to be ashamed of?" he retorted.
Bonnie rolled her eyes in exasperation. "I think you can't go a day without making suggestive remarks."
"This isn't suggestive," Ivor shook his head earnestly. "These are words of affection."
Bonnie couldn't be bothered to respond and simply turned around, sitting down on the sofa.
"Did you handle Eloise's matter?" she asked casually.
Initially, she planned to deal with Eloise after finishing the work on the set. However, she saw a recording of Eloise publicly apologizing to her on the live broadcast when she logged on to Twitter after work. She immediately guessed that it was Ivor's doing.
"It was me," Ivor's expression darkened at the mention of Eloise. "For her spreading rumors about you, having her publicly apologize on live broadcast is just a light punishment. If there's a next time, I'll make sure she pays a heavy price."
Bonnie smirked and nudged Ivor's arm with her elbow.
"It's nice to have someone solve problems for me. Having a fiancé doesn't seem too bad after all."
"Of course," Ivor wrapped his arm around Bonnie's slender waist dominantly. "My woman can't be bullied by anyone."
Bonnie smiled but didn't say anything. Although she found the man's words somewhat childish and ridiculous, she felt a warm sensation in her heart.
After dinner, Bonnie had just settled down in bed to watch videos when Ivor walked in.
"Honey, pack your things quickly. We're going to the hot springs tomorrow."
"Hot springs?!"
###Chapter 644
Bonnie sat on the bed and said, "This is so sudden. Why didn't you notify me so I could be prepared?"
"It's not sudden. I had arranged it long ago. Just pack your things and follow me. If you don't want to pack, I can do it for you. It's hot now, so bring some light clothes and sunscreen," Ivor said as he opened Bonnie's closet and started packing for her.
Bonnie watched as Ivor was about to open the drawer where she kept her delicates. She quickly got out of bed, ran to the closet, and stopped him.
"I'll pack myself. There's no need for you to help me. You go pack your stuff."
Seeing Bonnie's hurried movements, Ivor smiled faintly when he realized.
"Alright, you pack. I'll go to my room to pack my things."
"Yeah, go ahead." Bonnie waved her hand. She then lowered her head to organize the clothes she needed.
Ivor watched Bonnie for a bit while standing motionless, and then he reluctantly turned away and left the room.
Ivor and Bonnie left early the following day and made it to Verdant Valley Retreat before lunchtime.
As Bonnie took in the stunning environment, she couldn't resist pulling out her phone and snapping several photos. "The scenery here is really nice."
Seeing Bonnie taking photos, Ivor shamelessly stood in front of her camera. "Honey, take a few shots of me too."
"I'm taking pictures of the scenery. What are you doing butting in?" Bonnie said, but she still raised her phone and took two pictures of Ivor.
"Done, take a look. How are they?" Bonnie immediately showed him the photos on her screen.
"Not bad at all. Honey, you're really good at taking pictures."
"Stop flattering me." Bonnie glanced around and noticed several cars queuing up behind them.
She turned back to Ivor. "This isn't a parking spot. Go find the parking lot, and I'll wait for you at the entrance."
Ivor also saw the scene and nodded immediately. "Okay."
Bonnie watched as Ivor drove away and walked to the retreat's entrance alone.
Not long after, a harsh brake sound echoed in her ears.
A conspicuous red Ferrari performed a beautiful drift at the entrance of the retreat before coming to a steady stop.
A golden-haired young man got out of the Ferrari, accompanied by two lackeys.
The golden-haired man, Wallace Atkins, walked with a swagger.
"Have you guys encountered any high-quality girls lately? Recommend them to me. There are only a few good-looking ones in Verdant Valley, and I'm already tired of them," he said.
His lackey, Peter Turner, scratched his head helplessly. "You never like the ones we find. The last time we recommended some to you, you didn't like any of them."
Wallace frowned and immediately showed a disgusted expression. "The ones you recommended to me? They were all subpar! You guys better keep them for yourselves." Peter shrugged. "There's nothing we can do. The ones we can find are limited."
"Forget it, I'll find them myself. Only the ones I like fit my taste," Wallace said while wandering around.
At that moment, his other lackey, Miguel Arroyo, suddenly spoke up excitedly.
"B-Boss, l-look, there's an e-exceptionally beautiful girl at the retreat entrance!"
Wallace looked skeptical. "If there were any exceptionally beautiful girls at Verdant Valley, I would have found them already. How could I still be waiting until now?" He followed Miguel's gaze casually.
When he saw the person standing at the entrance, his eyes widened in astonishment and filled with intense admiration.
"T-This...this is indeed an exceptionally beautiful girl! Come on, hurry up and follow me over."
###Chapter 645
Wallace walked up to Bonnie and gazed at her flawless face with a look of infatuation.
'So beautiful, incredibly beautiful!'
From a distance, Bonnie's beauty gave her a foggy charm, but now that he was closer, Wallace realized that her beauty was indescribable.
A hint of displeasure flashed in Bonnie's eyes when she glanced at Wallace and noticed his unwavering gaze fixed on her.
"Is there something you need?"
Wallace's heart began racing as her clean, crisp voice hit his ears like running water. Regaining his senses, he looked at Bonnie with eager anticipation.
"Miss, are you here alone? I'm a local here. Do you want me to show you around and be your guide?"
"No need." Bonnie turned her head away, clearly showing her unwillingness to engage with him.
However, Wallace wasn't offended. After all, even when a beautiful woman was angry, she was still lovely.
"Why not give it a try? I can take you to the best places in Verdant Valley. You'll like it."
Bonnie did not respond and glanced at him indifferently.
A group of individuals walked by them at that moment, and they couldn't help but talk excitedly about what they saw.
"Isn't that Mr. Wallace? It's been a while, and he's become even more handsome."
"He's rich, good-looking, and the girl he's chatting up is so lucky. I envy her."
"Isn't Mr. Wallace's family the richest in Verdant Valley? And he's so handsome. Even if it's just for fun, I'd be willing."
The crowd's voices reached Wallace's ears, boosting his confidence even more.
"Miss, did you hear what they said? Would you consider being with me? Given my family background, I'll treat you well."
Peter and Miguel chimed in persuasively as his wingmen.
"Miss, you'll not lose out being with Mr. Wallace."
"Yeah! Not only can you enjoy the best, but you can also buy designer bags and jewelry worth five or six figures without hesitation."
"Mr. Wallace is rich, handsome, and matches you perfectly. You two are simply made for each other."
Bonnie watched Wallace persistently and thought for a moment before speaking. "I have a boyfriend."
Upon hearing this, Wallace burst into laughter.
"Miss, people tend to use that excuse to reject someone. Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't bother pestering someone who rejects me. But you're different. You're so beautiful. If you don't give me your number, I probably won't be able to sleep tonight."
Bonnie's eyes flashed with impatience, clearly showing she didn't want to waste more time with Wallace.
"I have a boyfriend. He's better than you in every aspect and much more handsome."
With that, she turned to leave, but Wallace immediately blocked her way.
"Since your boyfriend is so great, why don't you call him over for everyone to see? It just so happens that I want to see what kind of man is better than me and much more handsome than me!" When Ivor returned to the parking lot, he saw his wife surrounded by a man with golden hair and a group of people.
His eyes immediately narrowed. He immediately took out his phone and dialed a number.
"Bring some people over for me."
Bonnie squinted. She didn't want to resort to violence, but this golden-haired man's repeated harassment was getting on her nerves.
###Chapter 646
Seeing Bonnie remain silent, Wallace thought she was considering his offer.
"No need to think about it. Just give me your number, and I'll take you to have some fun."
"Are you crazy?" Bonnie rolled her eyes in exasperation and started to walk away.
Wallace, whose patience was wearing thin, was about to step forward to stop her. But all of a sudden, he could hear screams.
Bonnie was stunned to see the scene before her.
She witnessed Ivor exuding an imposing aura as he approached, wearing sunglasses and with dozens of bodyguards behind him. The scene and the momentum were spectacular beyond words.
Ivor walked up to Bonnie and took off his sunglasses gently, causing the surrounding crowd to scream.
"Wow, he's so handsome! My heart can't take it!"
"Oh my god, he looked like he stepped out of a romance novel."
"Yeah, I bet even romance novels can't fully replicate his charm."
As Wallace noticed Ivor getting closer, he began to feel trouble brewing.
"W-Who are you?"
Ivor squinted his eyes, emitting a chilling aura. "You're hitting on my woman. Who do you think I am?"
He walked over and firmly wrapped his arm around Bonnie's waist.
Seeing this grand scene and Ivor's domineering action, Bonnie couldn't help but twitch her lips. "Why did you bring such a big entourage?" Ivor let out a faint snort. "Someone was trying to steal my woman. Can't I bring people over for a show of strength?"
Bonnie gave him a big eye roll in response. "Must you be so childish?"
"Never mind whether it's childish or not." Ivor scanned the surroundings before continuing, "At least the effect is good, isn't it?" For a moment, Bonnie didn't know what to say. She remained silent for a moment before responding. "As long as you're happy."
"Of course. As a man, how could I not assert my dominance?" Ivor held Bonnie tightly and spoke with a hint of visible resentment.
"It's just that my honey is too beautiful. Wherever she goes, someone tries to hit on her. If I could, I'd like to take you back and lock you up, so only I could see you."
Bonnie patted his hand to signal him to ease up. "Sure, then let's see if you're capable of keeping me locked up."
Watching them chat as if no one else was around, Wallace's anger surged. "Be sensible and let this lady go. I'll take her away."
Ivor squinted his dark eyes, his tone laced with a cold chill. "I think you're looking for trouble."
Wallace laughed heartily, "You say I'm looking for trouble? I think it's you! Do you know who I am? You dare to snatch a woman that I'm interested in?"
"Oh?" Ivor's tone rose slightly. "I'm curious. Tell me, who are you?"
###Chapter 647
"Hehe, you don't even know who our boss is."
Peter sneered before revealing Wallace's identity, "My boss's father is the famous building materials tycoon in Verdant Valley, Julio Atkin. My boss is Julio's eldest son, Wallace Atkins." Peter's introduction greatly satisfied Wallace. He lifted his chin and took a closer look at Ivor.
"What do you think? Are you scared now that you've heard my dad's name? Be smart and hand this lady over. If you do, I'll let bygones be bygones, and you won't have to worry about anything." Ivor raised his eyebrows knowingly. "So you're Little Atkins's son."
Upon hearing the term "Little Atkins," Wallace fumed.
"My dad has a terrible temper, and you dare to call him Little Atkins? You're finished!"
With that, he took out his phone from his pocket. "I'll call my dad right now and tell him there's a fool here calling him Little Atkins. Let's see what happens to you!"
"No need for you to call. I'll do it myself." Ivor flipped through his contacts, found Julio's number, and dialed it.
Wallace burst into laughter. "Hahaha... calling my dad? Do you have my dad's number? And you're going to call him yourself?"
He clutched his stomach and laughed uncontrollably. "Oh, I can't take it anymore. You're about to kill me with laughter."
Ivor ignored him. When the call connected, he calmly said, "Your son is trying to snatch my woman. You deal with it."
Hearing Ivor's words, Wallace laughed even harder. His laughter was even more exaggerated than before.
"Haha... y-you're acting like it's real. I almost believed it. But too bad-"
Before he could finish, the phone in his hand started vibrating like crazy. Looking down, he saw that it was a call from his father, Julio.
'Strange, why would Dad choose to call at this exact moment? Did the man really contact Dad?
Wallace looked suspiciously in Ivor's direction.
He had attended numerous business meetings with his father. If the man in front of him were truly a figure that could make his father bow down, his father would introduce him and warn him not to provoke him. But after careful consideration, he realized he had no impression of this man.
This meant that the man in front of him was just a nobody, with no possibility of having his father's phone number, let alone any contact with his father.
Wallace's expression returned to normal, and he calmly answered his father's call.
"Dad"
Before he could say another word, he was met with Julio's furious roar.
"You brat! Can't you stay out of trouble for one day? How dare you try to steal a woman from Ivor Knight? Apologize to him immediately, and then come back to face the wall for reflection!" "I-Ivor Knight?!" Wallace gulped heavily, and his eyes widened in disbelief.
"Dad, i-is he the president of the Knight Group?"
"That's right. Apologize to him immediately and beg for his forgiveness, or don't bother coming back!" Julio hung up the phone after finishing speaking.
###Chapter 648
Wallace's face became pale. At that moment, he felt overwhelmed with despair, not knowing what to do.
Seeing Wallace's change in expression, Bonnie looked at Ivor with confusion. "Do you really know his dad? You're not just bluffing, are you?"
Ivor smirked and pulled Bonnie into his arms. "It's just a small matter. Do you think I need to bluff?"
Bonnie sighed, "Your network as the head of the Knight Group is no joke."
Warmth filled his eyes that only appeared when he faced Bonnie. "Now you know how powerful your fiancé is, right? As long as I'm here, no one can hurt you." "Well... you do have many good qualities. It would be even better if you weren't so mouthy." Bonnie lightly touched her chin, giving a serious assessment.
The smile on Ivor's face widened. "Didn't I tell you? These are all heartfelt words from me to you, and they can never be changed."
"Here we go again." Bonnie rolled her eyes helplessly.
This man could be very serious when he was serious, but he could also be very childish.
Peter watched Bonnie and Ivor chat while Wallace stood there dumbfounded.
In a low voice, he asked Wallace. "Boss, why are you just standing here? Hurry up and let Mr. Julio deal with this ignorant guy!" Wallace was afraid that Ivor would hear him, so he reached out and knocked Peter's head hard.
"Shut up! Stop talking nonsense."
His voice was too loud, quickly attracting Ivor and Bonnie's attention.
Ivor's eyes darkened, and his voice became as cold. "Why are you still standing there? Didn't your dad tell you what to do?"
Wallace shivered, clutching his phone, and slowly approached Ivor. "Mr. Ivor, I-I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I-I know I was wrong, and I won't dare to do it again next time." Ivor glanced at Wallace coldly and said with an even colder tone, "There's going to be a next time?"
Wallace immediately raised his hands to assure him, "N-no! Mr. Ivor, I-I promise, there won't be a next time. I swear, such a thing will never happen again."
His body trembled violently as if he could pee himself at any moment out of fear.
Ivor looked at Wallace's appearance calmly without the slightest change in his expression. "Your behavior just now scared my fiancée. Bring your people to apologize to her."
"Yes, yes..." Wallace nodded, shouting to his two henchmen behind him, "Did you hear that? Hurry up and apologize to Mr. Ivor's fiancée."
Without daring to say anything further, Peter and Miguel exchanged a glance and quickly apologized to Bonnie.
"We're sorry, Miss. We were blind and offended you. Please forgive us."
"Miss, we're sorry. Please give us another chance to change."
###Chapter 649
Bonnie crossed her arms and glanced at Ivor with her peripheral vision.
"I don't want to deal with this kind of nonsense. You handle it."
"Alright." Ivor indulgently agreed.
He looked at Wallace, his eyes sharpening again. "I can forgive you this time because your father cooperated with me. But if there's a next time, I'll let you experience being blind." Wallace nodded repeatedly, afraid that if he hesitated, Ivor would come after him.
"I-I understand, Mr. Ivor. I-I promise, there won't be a next time. T-Thank you for not holding it against me."
Ivor stared coldly at him for several moments. "Get lost."
"Yes, Mr. Ivor, we'll leave immediately!" Wallace quickly waved to his lackeys, disappearing from Ivor and Bonnie's sight at the fastest speed possible.
Ivor just merely glanced at them before averting his eyes. He then grabbed Bonnie's hand and headed toward the hot spring retreat.
"Honey, are you tired? Let's go relax in the hot spring."
"Okay." Bonnie stretched lazily. "Sitting in the car all morning, I feel a bit stiff. Soaking in the hot spring should help."
"Yeah, I've already arranged it. Let's go straight in." Ivor led Bonnie through the long corridor to the innermost hot spring room.
Bonnie was stunned by the scene before her when the door was pushed open.
"When did you prepare all this?"
Fragrant, luscious flowers encircled the hot spring room in front of her, and the pool water gave off a light mist that gave the impression of being in a dreamlike fairyland.
"I had Floyd arrange it on our way here." Ivor looked at Bonnie, his eyes filled with tenderness. "Do you like it?"
Bonnie nodded in agreement. "Yes, it's quite nice."
Getting Bonnie's approval made Ivor inexplicably happy.
"Then you go ahead and soak. I'll go prepare the essential oil massage for you."
"Essential oil massage?" Bonnie gave him a meaningful look. "You're not plotting something again, are you?"
Ivor looked innocent. "Honey, an essential oil massage is a specialty of Verdant Valley Retreat. I thought since we're here, we should experience it. If you don't want to, it's fine, I won't force you." Bonnie scrutinized Ivor for a moment. Seeing his serious expression, she believed him somewhat.
"Then go prepare, I'll start soaking."
Ivor's eyes gleamed with a sense of accomplishment. "Okay, I'll go now."
Watching Ivor leave, Bonnie removed clothes from the cabinet and changed them before entering the hot spring.
The water temperature of the hot spring was just right, making her feel comfortable.
She lowered her eyes, her delicate face filled with enjoyment.
Ivor returned with the essential oil and couldn't help but feel victorious at the sight.
"Honey, you look so beautiful like this."
Bonnie opened her eyes slowly and shot him a sidelong glance.
"So you mean, I only look good like this? I don't look good in any other way?"
###Chapter 650
This was a make-or-break situation. If the answer wasn't satisfactory, it might result in some serious consequences. "You just look exceptionally good today." Ivor lowered his voice to make it more magnetic as he walked up to Bonnie.
"Here we go again," Bonnie muttered. She had become somewhat immune to Ivor's sweet talk.
Ivor smiled but didn't say anything. He prepared the essential oil and then called Bonnie to come up.
"Honey, lie down on the recliner. I'll give you a massage."
Bonnie also felt she had soaked enough in the hot spring, so she got out and decided to experience the essential oil massage Ivor had specially prepared for her.
After changing into a clean set of clothes, she lay on the massage table. Suddenly, she turned her head and glanced at Ivor.
"Just massage, no funny business."
Ivor assured with a smile, "Honey, I am a gentleman. Don't you trust my character?"
"Haha." Bonnie laughed coldly, clearly not buying Ivor's words.
Ivor didn't mind and rubbed his palms together, warming them up before gently massaging Bonnie's smooth back.
"Honey, how's the pressure? Is it okay?"
Bonnie relaxed in the chair with a satisfied expression.
"Not bad, keep going."
Although she allowed Ivor to do this, he might take advantage of her. However, she must admit that the massage was quite comfortable. Ivor's technique was good, neither too light nor too heavy, making her feel like she wanted to doze off.
While Bonnie felt comfortable, Ivor felt tortured.
Bonnie's skin was soft and silky. Sometimes, the scent of her body drifted into his nostrils, causing his heart to race and making him want to take her as his own.
His hands began to act recklessly.
At first, Bonnie didn't mind, but as Ivor's actions became more audacious, she couldn't take it anymore. She grabbed Ivor's wrist and stood up from the chair. "You just claimed to be a gentleman. What are you doing now?"
Ivor's expression remained innocent. "To other women, I am indeed a gentleman, but you are my fiancée. If I still act like a gentleman towards you, wouldn't I be a hypocrite?" Bonnie laughed at Ivor's words. "So you're playing games with me here?"
"How is this a game? It's an expression of love for you." Ivor said, and then his big hand seized Bonnie's waist.
"Honey, I really like you, so much."
Bonnie was rendered speechless upon meeting Ivor's intense gaze, and her cheeks flushed.
"T-These words... You've repeated them in my ear countless times. Aren't you tired? My ears are getting calloused from listening."
"Of course not. I want to express my feelings to you all the time, so you know how much I love you." Ivor stared at Bonnie's plump lips, his eyes showing obvious desire.
Taking advantage of Bonnie's unpreparedness, he tentatively kissed her. Since Bonnie did notresist, he increased the intensity a bit.
Starting lightly, but then getting heavier and heavier... It was as if he wanted to devour Bonnie whole.
The man's actions caused Bonnie to let out a soft m*** unconsciously.
###Chapter 651
Ivor stopped and looked at Bonnie, asking, "Are you okay?"
She took the chance to step back. She blushed as she said, "You're in no position to ask me that. Why do you have to be so intense? Are you that eager?"
"I'm sorry, but I just can't control myself when I'm with you." Ivor's brows furrowed.
Bonnie noticed he wanted another kiss and quickly stopped him. "That's enough. You've hit your quota of reckless actions today."
'I felt his energy earlier, screaming to be unleashed. We can't keep going at it, or we might cross the line.'
Ivor composed himself and suppressed his passion. He smirked when he saw how embarrassed Bonnie was. "All right, I'll stop. Do you still want me to massage you with essential oil?"
"Forget about it." Bonnie looked like she had seen through his plots. "I don't even have to ask to know you're trying to take advantage of me again. Just stay here and calm yourself down. I'll take a rinse in the hot spring. You can join me once you've controlled yourself."
Ivor feared he might lose control and upset her. So, he took a break on the deck, saying, "Sure, go ahead and hop into the hot spring."
Bonnie leaned on the edge of the spring and closed her eyes. It was quiet, and a hint of the sweet scent of roses lingered in the air. It made for an exceptionally tranquil and relaxing environment.
After relaxing in the hot spring, Bonnie and Ivor left for lunch near the hotel. Then, they held hands and walked back. Bonnie could feel the warmth in her fiance's palm, making her uneasy because they were not just holding hands. Their fingers were intertwined.
"Maybe we should stop holding hands. You're making me feel a little tense."
"Bonnie, we're engaged. We'll be doing much more intimate things once we get married. You have to overcome this. Take this chance to get used to holding hands. I'm sure it'll grow on you in no time." Bonnie had always been honest with her feelings and herself. Since she had decided to entrust herself to Ivor, she agreed with his values, including what he had just said.
"Oh, okay. We'll hold hands like this and take baby steps with the rest, okay?"
Ivor smiled. "Okay."
When they reached the room, Bonnie wanted to nap when she saw Ivor fiddling with something. She sat up and peered at him, asking, "What are you doing?"
Ivor subtly shifted to block her view. He said, "Go ahead and sleep. Don't worry about me. I'll take you somewhere when you wake up."
Bonnie raised her brows and asked, "Are you doing something to surprise me again?"
"Yeah, it's a surprise. You probably shouldn't look this way anymore. You might ruin the surprise." Ivor openly admitted it before lowering his head and continuing to fiddle with something.
Since he had said that, Bonnie stopped looking and lay down on the bed again. “I'll leave you to it, them. I'll get some shut-eye now."
"Okay, go ahead. I'll wake you once I'm ready," Ivor responded, lowering his head to ensure he did not forget anything. Once he had packed everything, he zipped his bag and prepared the other things. As the sun set, Bonnie woke up from her nap and yawned. She was shocked to see Ivor still fiddling with something.
###Chapter 652
"Where are you taking me, and why did it take you this long to prepare?"
Ivor turned to look at Bonnie mysteriously and said, "You'll find out soon. I'm almost done, so go and change into a coat. We'll hit the road once you're ready."
Bonnie glanced at the black rucksack lying before him. She could not help but grumble, "Where are we going? Why must I wear a coat?"
Although she was perceptive, Ivor had prepared various surprises for her. She had no idea where he was about to take her.
"It's cold at night. You'll catch a cold if you don't wear one. What will we do then?" Ivor said while rummaging through a rucksack. He then handed her an apricot-colored coat. "This should do. It'll go well with your outfit today."
Bonnie stopped asking questions and put on the coat. Then, she realized Ivor was wearing a short-sleeved shirt. "Aren't you going to wear a coat? What'll we do if you catch a cold?"
"I'm a tough man who doesn't need coats or umbrellas." He smiled.
Bonnie's lips twitched as she said, "Suit yourself."
Ivor put the rucksack on his back and took another bag before turning to Bonnie and asking, "Are you ready? We're leaving now."
"I'll go tie my hair back and freshen up first. Give me a minute." She entered the room and came out soon after, saying, "All right, let's go."
As the couple walked, Ivor suddenly stopped and said, "Hold on. I think I left something important behind."
Bonnie turned to look at him. "What was it?"
"It's a secret," Ivor responded as he put down the bag. "Stay put, and I'll be back before you know it."
"Sure." She stood where she was and waited. Then, she looked at the bag on the ground and became curious. However, she did not check its contents.
'Since Ivor said it's a surprise, I'll see it eventually. He also spent a long time preparing. If I opened the bag and checked it, I would spoil the whole thing.'
Bonnie looked away and played with her phone. She waited for a long time, but Ivor still did not return. After checking the time, she realized he had been gone for more than ten minutes.
'Our hotel room isn't that far. Ivor shouldn't be gone for this long. Did something happen?'
Bonnie frowned and tucked her phone away before walking toward the hotel. To her surprise, Ivor was chatting with a group of women. Although he was not the most social guy, he looked like he was having a good time with them.
Ivor was even smiling. He was friendly and gracious to the women, too.
'Huh? He's being way too nice to them. It's a far cry from his usual self. Ivor typically stays away from women.'
Bonnie stayed silent for a while before calling his phone and asking, “What's taking so long? Where are you?"
Ivor gazed at the women before him and felt a headache coming on, causing him to rub his brows. The young women were the daughters of a few of his business partners. Ivor had always had a good relationship with their fathers, too.
The last thing he expected was to run into their daughters. They even greeted him just now, so he had to treat them well. Hence, he had to stay and chat with them. That said, Bonnie had called him. Ivor knew she would be furious because he had made her wait so long, especially if he told her he had been chatting with other women.
'I shouldn't complicate things. I should make up an excuse instead of telling Bonnie the truth.'
"Bonnie, I ran into someone in the parking lot. I'll finish chatting with them soon. Just give me a minute, and I'll be there before you know it."
###Chapter 653
"You ran into someone, huh?" Bonnie raised her brow. "Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I'll come over soon." Ivor hung up the phone and glanced at the young woman before him. "Excuse me, ladies. My fiancee is waiting for me over there. I have to leave now. I'll see you later." The women waved at him, and one of them said, "Of course, Ivor. We'll leave you to it."
"Okay, then," Ivor replied dryly and turned around. He picked up the things he returned to get and walked ahead. To his surprise, he bumped into Bonnie as he turned a corner.
She smiled at him and said, "I thought you said you ran into someone in the parking lot. What are you doing here?"
Although she smiled, it was ingenuine. On the contrary, she looked a little frightening.
'She must've seen me chatting with those girls earlier. That's why she's looking at me like that.'
Ivor could not help but panic. He froze and was about to explain himself, but Bonnie spoke first, "Let me guess. You ran into some women. They wore red, blue, and pink dresses. I bet they were pretty, too." When Ivor met her humorless gaze, a chill ran down his spine. He trembled as he grabbed her hand and admitted his mistake. "I'm sorry, Bonnie! I shouldn't have lied to you. Please forgive me." Ivor apologized twice, fearing Bonnie would get mad. However, she shook his hand off and put on a poker face, saying, "I want you to explain why you lied to me."
"All right, I'll explain everything. Please don't get mad at me." Ivor was worried Bonnie would ignore him out of anger, so he spoke cautiously, "Those girls are the daughters of some of my business partners. "I'm pretty close to them and couldn't just ignore them. That's why I chatted with them. I was worried you'd get mad, so I lied to you. I'm sorry, Bonnie. I shouldn't have kept the truth from you." Bonnie stared at Ivor for a long time. Finally, she said, "I can understand that. Also, I'm not that sensitive and don't need you to look out for my feelings every second of the day. That said, I hate lies and deception.
"If something like this happens again, you must tell me the truth, or I'll be furious." Her tone and expression were solemn. It seemed like it was a big deal for her.
Ivor noticed it and put his hand up to swear, "I promise to never lie to you again."
Satisfied with his answer, Bonnie glanced at the bag in his hand. She decided to drop the matter and ask, "Did you get your things? Can we go now?"
Although she might not have said much, it was evident she had forgiven Ivor. He felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulder.
Ivor held Bonnie's shoulder, feeling so nervous that his palms were sweating. "You looked so solemn that I thought you were pissed off for real. I was racking my brain for a way to soothe you." "Do I look like someone who's that petty?" Bonnie raised her chin slightly and glanced at him. Then, she repeated, "Don't ever lie to me again."
"Don't worry. I've burned my promise into my mind. I'll never forget it," Ivor said solemnly.
Bonnie smiled. "That's enough. Stop being such a sweet talker, and let's hit the road."
Ivor felt relieved when he saw her smile. "All right, let's go."
###Chapter 654
Ivor's Maybach tore through the streets. An hour later, they arrived at the top of a hill near Verdant Valley Retreat.
Bonnie exited the car and took in the fabulous view of the seemingly unending meadow and boundless starlit sky. A sense of wonder and surprise appeared in his eyes. "What a beautiful spot. It's like I'm in a fantasy movie."
"I knew you'd like it here. It looks like my time and effort was well spent." Ivor walked to Bonnie's side and looked at her. His eyes were affectionate as he admired her delicate face, illuminated by the gentle moonlight.
'I love her like no one else. Here we are, surrounded by marvelous sceneries on all sides. I'm swelling with gratification and happiness. I just know Bonnie and me will stay happy forever.' Bonnie glanced at the meadow before her. She finally realized why Ivor took such a long time to prepare at the hotel. "Were you planning on camping here to enjoy the view at night?"
Ivor chuckled. "Smart as always, Bonnie. Still, you only got half of it right."
"Only half?" She was puzzled. "What's the other half, then?"
Ivor put down his rucksack and unzipped it. Then, he removed parts of a tent and began putting them together. "Not only will we enjoy the view, but we'll also witness a glorious sunrise here."
"Sunrise?" Bonnie swept her gaze across the spot and nodded in approval. "Yeah, this is a nice spot to enjoy the sunrise."
A hint of triumph flashed across Ivor's eyes. "I have good taste, huh? You loved every spot I picked whenever we hung out or went on trips."
Bonnie could not help but giggle when she saw how much he resembled a little boy waiting to be praised for doing a good job. "Fine, you have good taste.”
Her compliment made Ivor feel much happier than when he secured a collaboration worth millions. A while later, he said, "Okay, I've built the tent. Go in and see if you like it."
"Sure." Bonnie got on all fours and crawled into the tent. It was spacious and even had a transparent top for them to look at the starlit sky while lying on their backs.
"It's nice and comfy. Do you want to take it for a spin?" Bonnie asked. However, she did not get a response for a long time. She could not help but frown and get out of the tent. "Ivor? Where are you?" No one was in the meadow. A moment later, her brows knitted as she called out, "Ivor?!"
Bonnie raised her voice, but he still did not show up. As she was about to call him on her phone, she heard his charming voice from behind, "Turn around."
When she turned, her eyes widened and glistened with pleasant surprise.
###Chapter 655
Countless fireflies covered the valley and surrounding forest. They swirled in the night sky and made a marvelous sight that even the stars could not match. Bonnie simply could not look away. The fireflies flew out of the jar Ivor held. Bonnie was so surprised and moved that she struggled to describe her feelings. She asked, "When and where did you get these fireflies from?"
"I told you I have a surprise for you. Naturally, I had them prepared much earlier." Ivor took another jar and bragged, "Do you want to see more of them? I have another jar here. I caught all of these for you myself. What do you think? Am I awesome, or am I awesome?"
Ivor bragged so much that it made Bonnie giggle. "Geez, you'll never change, Ivor. You'll always be a kid."
'Did he honestly catch these fireflies for me? How old does he think he is? He's usually so imposing and bossy around other people but that's not apparent now.'
"I can't help it," Ivor said helplessly and sighed. He approached Bonnie and held her shoulder. "I look at you and have these impulses to do things that'll make you happy. I'm spending all my childishness on you."
"Ivor, you're not only immature but also smart-mouthed." Although Bonnie said that, her grin was wider than ever. "Still, I love how thoughtful your gesture is."
"That's what matters the most." Ivor took her hand and led her to the tent. "Let's go inside and see how it feels to lie down and enjoy the night sky."
'Ivor has been preparing for tonight since he reached Verdant Valley Retreat. I don't think he has rested, either.'
With that in mind, Bonnie could not help but worry. "You've been working on this all day. Now's a good chance for you to take a break."
Ivor was overjoyed to hear that. "Bonnie, are you worried about me?"
She tugged at his arm and blushed, asking embarrassedly, "Are you going to keep spouting nonsense? Do you have something better to do, or do you want to lie down?" Ivor smirked when he saw her blushing. "Of course, I want to lie down. Ladies first."
"Okay," Bonnie replied and crawled inside.
Then, Ivor entered and lay down beside her. The couple took in the boundless night sky when Ivor held her hand and intertwined his fingers with hers. "Are you happy, Bonnie?" "Very much so," Bonnie responded. Then, she figured it was not enough to convey her feelings. So, she added, "I'm thrilled."
'He took a long time to prepare for tonight's surprise. My initial response wasn't sincere enough.'
"So am I." Ivor turned and pressed his head against hers. "My days spent with you are always full of endless happiness."
Although Bonnie did not know how to sweet talk, she did not push him away or insult him—that was more than enough to show that she shared Ivor's sentiment.
He must have realized her thoughts because he boldly leaned closer and kissed her cheek. "I'm so lucky to have you, Bonnie."
She blushed so much that even her ears reddened.
###Chapter 656
"Stop it, Ivor. I know that already. Although it might not bother you, I've heard that one too many times."
Ivor smiled and chuckled before leaning closer to her. He whispered, "We just started our relationship, yet you're already tired of it? Well, too bad because I'll tell you how much I love you for the rest of my life." Bonnie might have thought he sounded childish, but a wave of love and affection rose within her. She slowly smiled and said, "Is that your way of saying I'll be stuck with you forever?"
"I'm afraid so. You're the only one for me, Bonnie. You'll be mine for eternity." Ivor's voice brimmed with affection and solemnness. Moreover, he consistently proved his words with his actions.
Bonnie turned to Ivor, her eyes full of confidence as she replied, "Yeah, we'll be together forever. Nothing can split us apart."
It was her first time saying something like that to Ivor. He was overjoyed when he heard it. "You make me love you more just when I think it's impossible."
"There you go again with the sweet talk." Bonnie could not handle him sometimes. She turned away and closed her eyes. "It's getting late, so hurry and grab some shut-eye. Otherwise, we'll oversleep and miss the sunrise."
"All right, good night, Bonnie." Ivor turned to his side and rested his hand on her waist.
Bonnie instinctively motioned to pry his hand off, but something stopped her. Then, she withdrew her hand and left his hand around her waist.
Ivor noticed it and smirked, his eyes full of intense humor.
'She's so adorable.'
At six in the morning, the sun rose slowly into the sky. Bonnie glanced at Ivor beside her, sleeping like a log. She lightly smacked his cheek and said, "Hey, Ivor, wake up. Don't forget, we're here to watch the sunrise."
However, Ivor had woken up moments ago. Now that Bonnie was calling him, he pretended to have just awoken from his sleep and opened his eyes slowly. "Ahh, seeing you first thing in the morning is wonderful."
Bonnie's lips twitched. "It's so early. Can you please not start the day with something so corny?"
'I just can't with him, sometimes.'
"I can't control myself around you." Ivor chuckled. Then, he sat up and looked ahead. The morning sun rose over the peaks in the distance. Thin layers of mist enveloped the mountains, painting a surreal beauty.
"Bonnie..." Ivor could not wait to share his thoughts after seeing the beautiful scenery. However, he was stunned when he turned to look at her.
The gentle sun shined on Bonnie's face, casting a hazy look on her. Ivor felt he was dreaming and that everything, including his beloved fiancee, would disappear when he woke up. The thought of it startled him.
Before he knew it, he pulled Bonnie into his arms and said, "Bonnie, promise you'll stay with me forever. Don't leave, okay?"
Ivor held her tightly as if it was the only way to appease his unease.
Bonnie was puzzled by what he did. "Aren't I standing beside you now? I don't recall talking about leaving you, either. What's gotten into you?"
###Chapter 657
Ivor relaxed his grip on Bonnie and stared at her affectionately. He said, "As far as I'm concerned, you're a gift from heaven. You've given me so much happiness without doing much. All I have to do is look at you to fill my heart with gratification.
"That's why I'm worried heaven might reclaim you someday. If that happens, I can't see you anymore. I-I can't lose you, Bonnie."
Ivor's eyes reddened, and his charming voice sounded uneasy. His fear of losing her was evident.
Bonnie felt his profound unease and hugged him back. She patted his shoulder and soothed him, "You're the most fearsome businessman in the industry. Where's your unwavering confidence and resolution? Does being with me unravel your confidence this much?"
She could sometimes feel Ivor's lack of security whenever he was with her. However, Bonnie was not the best at being in a relationship, and she did not know what to do to make him feel better.
Ivor pressed his forehead against Bonnie's, saying, "It's because I love you too much. I'd shrink you and put you in my pocket if I could. That way, I can take you anywhere with me. Also, you're such an incredible person that countless guys flirt with you wherever you go. I fear someone will steal you from me if I let down my guard for even a second."
Bonnie was surprised that he was so vulnerable inside when he had always appeared strong before others.
'Frankly speaking, I'm partly responsible for that. Ivor has taken the lead and prepared all these surprises, while I've only been on the receiving end. I never give him anything. Maybe that's why he doesn't feel safe, even though we're together.'
With that in mind, Bonnie held his hands and said, "I understand that, but I hope you can have more self-confidence. I've always trusted in my taste. If I love something, it's because it's the best thing ever, including you.
"Would I have started having feelings for you if you weren't incredible or tough enough? I wouldn't have fallen for you if you didn't love and adore me. Also, you think I'm unique and irreplaceable. "You probably don't know this, but the feeling's mutual. You're the one for me, and I won't break up with you for another guy without a good reason. Stop feeling uneasy, Ivor. I'll never leave you." Although Bonnie was not good at sweet-talking, she knew she had to muster her courage and tell Ivor how she felt. That was the only way she could ease his restlessness and worries. Ivor felt so moved by her speech that he did not know how to respond. He simply held her tighter. His trembling hands were the only answer Bonnie needed. She chuckled when she noticed it. Then, she rested her head on his shoulder and said, "Do you want to know something? No one has taken any time or effort to prepare something like this for me. So, I'm happy you're willing to do all of this for me. Thank you, Ivor."
"You're so silly. We're a couple, which means you don't have to thank me. I belong to you, and I did all this because it's my duty as your fiance. Also, I'm more than happy to prepare surprises for you." Ivor stared at her, his eyes brimming with affection.
His words filled Bonnie's heart with warmth. She said smilingly, "You've surprised me so many times. Since that's the case, I've also prepared a surprise for you."
Ivor's eyes sparkled, thinking, 'I didn't know she prepared something for me.'
"D-Did you really prepare a surprise for me? How intriguing. I wonder what it could be." He looked like he could barely contain his excitement.
Meanwhile, Bonnie pursed her lips and said, "Close your eyes."
###Chapter 658
Ivor guessed the surprise, making his eyes sparkle even more. "Are you going to kiss me, Bonnie?"
"There you go again with your imagination." Bonnie rolled her eyes in exasperation. "Just close your eyes, or I won't give you your surprise."
Ivor hastily replied, "Okay, fine! I'll close them now."
Although he said that, he quipped, "If it's a kiss, I want you to say it aloud. Don't be shy."
She could not help but giggle. "Cut the crap and close your eyes now!"
"All right, I'll close them for real this time," Ivor said as he slowly shut his eyes.
"No peeking!" She reminded before turning around and rummaging through her bag. Soon after, she found the exquisite jewelry box in it. She took it and turned to face Ivor, who had his eyes shut. She was pleased with his obedience.
Bonnie smiled as she took his hand in hers. Then, she removed the ring from the jewelry box and put it on his ring finger.
Ivor felt the cold sensation and realized what she had given him. He could not wait to open his eyes and look at it. However, Bonnie still had not told him to open his eyes. So, Ivor strained and suppressed his excitement.
He asked tremblingly, "C-Can I open my eyes now?"
She replied, "Go ahead."
Ivor trembled slightly. He was a little afraid to open them for a moment.
'I'm frozen with fear. What if it's just a dream, and it'll disappear when I open my eyes?'
Realizing he was motionless, Bonnie patted his shoulder and asked, "Why aren't you opening your eyes? What are you waiting for?"
Her voice gave him the strength to open his eyes and gaze at the ring. Although Ivor had already guessed it was a ring, he was ecstatic when he finally saw it. He drowned in inexplicable happiness and could not stop smiling.
"Bonnie, am I dreaming? Is this real?" He had no words to describe his excitement. Waves of ecstasy washed over him. Nothing could compare to the happiness he felt at that moment.
"Of course, it's real. For the record, I'm standing right here. How's it a dream?" Bonnie traced Ivor's finger and stopped at the ring. She rubbed it with an uncharacteristic affection in her eyes.
"I designed this ring just for you the materials, sketch, and final production-everything. You must cherish it and never lose it, Ivor."
###Chapter 659
"Don't worry, Bonnie. I'll keep it safe because it's a gift from you." Ivor looked at the ring, his face brimming with affection. "This is the happiest I've been despite receiving countless gifts." He stared into Bonnie's eyes affectionately. "I love it, Bonnie."
The way he stared at her made her blush, making her rosy cheeks look particularly tempting. Ivor stared at her and fell into a daze. Then, he leaned in and cupped her face, asking, "Can I kiss you?" Bonnie blushed even more when she took in his masculine scent. "You can if you want to. Why'd you ask? You've never been this polite with me before."
Ivor was ecstatic. Without a moment's delay, he lowered his head to kiss her. To his surprise, Bonnie grabbed his collar and kissed him first.
His eyes married, and he kissed her even more intensely. Instead of just kissing, they looked like they were competing to see who could kiss more passionately. The couple kissed for several minutes. When they stopped, Ivor felt like he wanted more.
"Bonnie, you're just too good to be true."
Bonnie regained her composure. She said, "Can you please stop being so corny? You're giving me goosebumps."
Ivor held her waist and said, "I told you several times already. I can never help myself when I'm around you." Bonnie pushed him away and said, "All right, time is ticking. Let's pack up and head back."
"We're in no rush. Floyd's on his way to pick us up. We can take our time packing. He should be there when we return to the hospital, which is perfect." Ivor smiled, crawled back into the tent, and started packing.
As they cleaned the tent, Bonnie noticed Ivor scratching his back occasionally. She frowned, lifted his shirt, and saw red marks all over his back. "You have a lot of mosquito bites. Do you want me to apply some ointment for you?"
Various hills surrounded Verdant Valley Retreat, which was naturally teeming with mosquitoes or insects. That was why she brought a self-made itch relief cream before she came here. Since the itching was unbearable, Ivor accepted Bonnie's offer, "All right, thanks."
He removed his shirt and lay down in the tent. Bonnie took the cream and gently applied it to him. Her fingers were so soft that it reminded him of a cat's paws. Ivor would feel a tickle on the inside whenever she touched his back, making him want to do unspeakable things to her.
When Bonnie finished applying the cream, she checked to ensure she got all the spots. She said, "All right, you can get up now."
"Okay," Ivor replied and stood up in the tent. Suddenly, he started removing his pants.
Immediately after, Bonnie covered her eyes and exclaimed, "Wh-what are you doing?! Are you going to act like a p*** in broad daylight?!"
###Chapter 660
Although it was broad daylight, no one was around them. However, Ivor was too daring and reckless. Bonnie might have gotten used to his actions, but his impetuousness still shocked her. Ivor looked at her innocently as if it was not a big deal. "My legs got bitten, too. I need you to apply some cream down there."
Bonnie's lips twitched as she looked at his legs.
Ivor noticed her silence and deliberately stepped closer. "Don't doctors treat men and women? How does this bother you if you're a doctor?"
"You're so good at twisting facts to your advantage, Ivor. I wonder how you do it daily." Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "I'll do one of your legs at most. You can do the rest yourself." "Which one of my legs are you going to do?"
Bonnie realized it was a double entendre and felt exasperated. Then, she smacked his bottom with her cream-covered hand. "Do you still want to do this?"
Ivor knew not to push his luck, so he stopped teasing her. "Of course I do. Thanks, Bonnie."
"What a smart-mouthed punk!" Bonnie felt helpless, but she still carefully applied some cream to his leg.
'I can't let my guard down around him!'
Several minutes later, Ivor got up and continued to pack. Then, Bonnie noticed a Maybach approaching from a distance. She turned to Ivor and said, "Hurry, Floyd's almost here."
Ivor swiftly stuffed everything in the bag before zipping it up. He raised his brow at her and asked, "I'm done packing. What do you think? I'm quick with my hands, huh?" "Are you a child? Why do you feel the need to tell me that? Is that your way of asking for compliments?" Bonnie did not know what to do with Ivor.
He replied firmly, "I did a good job. Of course, I'll tell you about it so you praise me. That'll raise my confidence and spirits!"
Bonnie played along and spoke to him the way she would a kid, "Fine, you're the best, Ivor. No one is as good as you."
Ivor smiled. To say he was happy would be an understatement. "You're so good to me, Bonnie. You did what I said and praised me." Bonnie sighed and tried to stop herself from hitting him.
'Wait a minute. I just found out Ivor lacks a sense of security in our relationship. Praising him more might help remedy this issue.'
The couple were still chatting when the Maybach parked nearby. Floyd exited the car and took everything from Ivor before putting them in the trunk. "Are we going home now, Mr. Ivor? Ms. Bonnie? Or do you want to stroll around the valley?"
Ivor looked at Bonnie and asked, "What do you think? Do you want to walk around? Do you think it's a good idea to stay here longer?"
'Our relationship made great strides after one night. If we stay here longer, we might end up making a baby here, just like Floyd's cousin and his wife did.'
###Chapter 661
Bonnie rubbed her brows and yawned. "I don't want to walk anywhere. Let's just go home and rest. So many things happened last night." "All right, we'll go home if that's what you want." Although Ivor felt slightly disappointed, he still held her hand and walked to the car.
Then, he took her arm and said warmly, "You're tired, right? Here, lean on my shoulder and get some shut-eye. I'll wake you up when we're there." Bonnie did not argue. She leaned on his shoulder and got comfortable before slowly closing her eyes. "Thanks, Ivor."
"You don't have to thank me." He leaned in and said affectionately, "I'll do anything for you."
Bonnie grunted and smiled in response. Ivor patted her shoulder and softly said, "I'll let you sleep now."
"Mhm," Bonnie responded and fell asleep in no time.
Several minutes later, Ivor noticed she was sound asleep. He said hushedly to Floyd, who was driving, "Go slowly and avoid any bumps you see."
"You got it, Mr. Ivor." Floyd slowed down and drove steadily for the rest of the journey. They did not even run into any bumps along the way, allowing Bonnie to sleep throughout the trip.
It was almost noon when they reached Pyralis. However, Bonnie still felt a little tired from the trip. So, she returned to her room to sleep again.
Meanwhile, Ivor went to his study to review the documents that had accumulated during his two-day absence. He was reading the documents when he noticed the ring Bonnie had given him.
Ivor knew he was too distracted to continue working, so he stopped and recalled the moment she put the ring on his finger. He smiled, and his eyes sparkled.
'Bonnie gave me this ring. She even made it herself. I can't help but love it more every time I look at it.'
At that moment, Floyd entered the study with more documents and saw Ivor's expression. The former grew curious and asked, "Why do you look so happy, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor had a heartfelt smile as he showed his assistant the ring. The former deliberately asked, "What do you think about my new ring?"
Floyd checked it out and said, "That's not bad. I'd say it's pretty fashionable."
Ivor's grin widened as he wiggled his ring finger and added, "Aren't you curious how I got it? You should ask who gave it to me."
'Mr. Ivor looks so proud and excited about it. It won't take a genius to figure out who gifted it to him. On the other hand, he looks so happy. Maybe I shouldn't rain on his parade.'
Floyd humored his boss and asked, "Who gave it to you, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor lifted his chin at Floyd, his eyes filled with triumph. "Bonnie gave it to me, of course."
'As expected, it's a gift from Bonnie.'
Floyd said smilingly, "Congratulations, Mr. Ivor. You've been trying to win her heart for so long. Now, you can finally reap the benefits of your efforts. Since she gave you that ring, you have a big place in her heart."
Ivor rubbed his ring fondly. He was satisfied with Floyd's response. "Now that you've mentioned it, you can start referring to her as my wife."
###Chapter 662
'I've wanted everyone in the villa to refer to Bonnie as my wife for a while now. However, I know she wouldn't want that. I've been suppressing my urges, but she gave me this ring. That means she'll be bound to me forever.
'It's only a matter of time before everyone starts referring to her as my wife. I believe she wouldn't mind if I get it started now.'
Floyd chuckled and said, "We should've been referring to Ms. Bonnie as your wife long ago, Mr. Ivor. Maybe I should tell everyone else in the villa to do the same."
"Not yet. I want you to start doing it first. I'll observe Bonnie's reaction and see how she takes it. If she doesn't , you can tell everyone else in the villa to do the same."
Ivor did not think Bonnie would mind it too much. Still, he wanted to be cautious since it was better to be safe than sorry. She might feel uncomfortable if he botched it. Moreover, Ivor had always been extra careful when it came to Bonnie.
"Understood, sir," Floyd replied.
Ivor nodded and lowered his head to stare at the ring. "She designed this ring for me, Floyd. Hey, does it remind you of Finley, the international jeweler?"
Floyd checked the ring and said, "It does. Ms. Bonnie could be a fan of Finley, right? That must be why her design is similar to Finley's. After all, Finley always decides on the current trends in jewelry design. "Many foreign youngsters revere her. Even renowned jewelers try to imitate her. I reckon Ms. Bonnie took inspiration from Finley's work while designing the ring for you."
Ivor was initially suspicious of the ring's origins, but after thinking about Floyd's words, Ivor decided that his suspicions were wrong.
"It doesn't matter what style Bonnie adopted when she designed it for me. I love it because it's a gift from her."
The day rolled on, and dinner time arrived. Ivor put some food on Bonnie's plate and ensured no bones were in her branzino. There was even a plate of peeled prawns on the side. Before passing her the dishes, he checked twice to ensure he did not miss out on any bones or skin.
"Here you go, Bonnie."
She did not turn them away and instead passed Ivor some ribs, saying, "Let's eat together."
The adoration in his eyes was unmistakable. "All right, let's."
At that moment, the couple looked adorable and loving. Even the housekeepers could not help but smile and internally give their blessings to Ivor and Bonnie.
It just so happened that Sydney visited Ivor's villa for some business. She was outside the dining room when she saw the couple. She gritted her teeth menacingly.
Meanwhile, Gunnar was behind Sydney and saw her stop. He asked in puzzlement, "What's wrong?"
"Look for yourself. Bonnie looks proud because Ivor dotes on her. I can't stand how pleased she looks right now." She glared at Bonnie as she spoke. The former looked fierce, wishing she could rip Bonnie to shreds.
Gunnar noticed his wife seething with rage and patted her shoulder. He tried to soothe her, "Simmer down. It's not worth compromising your health over someone so insignificant. Let's focus on finding ways to drive her and Ivor apart and kick her out of the family."
As luck would have it, Flynn heard what his father said.
###Chapter 663
Instead of showing himself, Flynn remained hidden in a corner and continued to eavesdrop on his parents. Meanwhile, Sydney did not know her son was nearby. She was too busy thinking of a way to teach Bonnie a lesson.
Then, she thought of something and squinted, grimly saying, "Let's contact Eloise. We'll team up with her and deal with Bonnie together."
Gunnar recalled the young lady posting an apology on the internet a while ago. He could not resist frowning. "Although she didn't do much, the incident was exaggerated. It barely rippled out in the end." "Don't be so sure of yourself." A grim light flashed in Sydney's eyes as she sneered. "I've known Eloise since she was a little girl. She won't give up that easily, especially after Bonnie publicly humiliated her. "Eloise won't let Bonnie off the hook. If I'm right, Eloise is probably plotting to run Bonnie as we speak."
Gunnar's eyes sparkled when he heard that. He replied, "That would be perfect. If that's the case, we might not even have to contact Eloise. We'll just wait until she puts her plans in motion. Then, we'll support her from the shadows.
"With our help, Eloise will corner Bonnie. Bonnie won't have a chance to reclaim herself this time."
"You're right. We don't have to contact Eloise. We can always help her from behind the scenes." Sydney smirked menacingly. "I can't wait to see Bonnie's miserable look when we kick her out of the family." The older couple saw Flynn emerging from his hiding spot a moment later. He strode toward his parents and grabbed their shoulders to pull them out of the villa. When the trio reached a gazebo, Sydney freed herself from her son's grasp and frowned.
"What are you doing, Flynn?! Why'd you drag us out here?"
Gunnar knew why his son did that but feigned ignorance and said, "Tell us why you brought us out here, Flynn."
"Are you seriously asking me that?" Flynn's eyes were rageful when he recalled listening to his parents' plot against Bonnie. "I knew you schemed to drive a wedge between Bonnie and Ivor last time. "I've been waiting to talk to you two since then. Fortunately, their love is so strong that it withstood your little schemes. I thought I'd let it slide, but you're still so hung up on it. You two want nothing but the worst for her.
"You're doing the wrong thing. Listen to me and stop obsessing over Bonnie, or you'll regret your actions sooner or later." Sydney never expected her son to speak to her and her husband that way. She was so shocked that she could not respond. 'Flynn has always been cocky. He was worse out there, too. No one could control him.'
###Chapter 664
'Flynn was obedient to Gunnar and me when he returned. He'd still listen to everything I said and never argued. Now, he's speaking to us, his parents so rudely. I've doted on Flynn since childhood. I can't believe he's talking to me like this for Bonnie's sake!'
The more Sydney thought about it, the angrier she became. Her breathing became rapid, and her face reddened.
"Did Bonnie put a spell on you or something? Why are you standing up for her now? You realize you're going against your parents, right?"
'We're doing what we do for his sake, yet he's speaking up for an outsider. Flynn is pissing me off!'
"What do you mean by that, Mom? Bonnie impressed me with her capabilities and character-nothing else! I'm not the only one she has impressed, either. Give her time, Mom and Dad. I believe you'll be impressed with her, too."
Flynn thought his parents misjudged Bonnie. Hence, he tried his best to persuade them otherwise.
However, Sydney's expression darkened. "Bonnie's character and capabilities impressed you, huh? Hmph, you must be under her spell, then. Did you forget how she almost got you kicked out of the country? She even threatened to forbid you from returning for a decade!
"Has anyone else treated you so poorly? You have her to thank for all your sufferings, yet you're sticking up for her. You must have a s*** loose. That's why you don't know what you're doing now!"
"I know what I'm doing. You and Dad are the ones who are clueless!" Flynn wanted to tell them Bonnie's true identity to show them the truth. However, Bonnie had forbidden him from doing that, so he could only bite his tongue.
Meanwhile, Sydney stared at her son. She knew he would take Bonnie's side, no matter what. With that, a deep sorrow replaced the rage she felt in her heart. Sydney could not help but tear up.
"Flynn, you used to be so obedient and understanding. Are you even the same well-behaved and considerate son we once knew?" She thought back to Bonnie's despicable face, and a profound hatred flashed in her eyes.
"It's all Bonnie's fault! You wouldn't be like this if it weren't for her! She has warped your mind. You've had the worst luck in life, my poor son. I wonder if there's still hope for you, Flynn." Suddenly, Sydney clenched her fist, and her expression grew grim. "I swear I'll never tolerate Bonnie's presence in our family! I won't quit until we've kicked her out of the family!" Gunnar's expression stiffened as he said, "You have my support, dear! Flynn is our only son, yet Bonnie turned him into this sorry mess. Of course, I won't let her get away with it!" Flynn grew anxious. He could not believe that his parents insisted on teaching Bonnie a lesson. "Aren't I doing well now, Mom? What in the world are you two talking about?” "Save your breath, Flynn. We've long wanted Bonnie out of the Knight family and Arvandor. You can say whatever you want, but it won't change our minds," Sydney said firmly.
Naturally, Gunnar took his wife's side. "Your mom's right. We've decided not to settle until we ruin Bonnie for manipulating you. We'll never accept someone as vicious and heartless as her to be a family member."
Flynn saw his parents' stubbornness and clenched his fists. He sighed, trying to suppress his frustration. Ultimately, he could not stand it, wanting to tell them everything.
"You two keep saying you want to kick Bonnie out of the family and Arvandor. Well, do you know who she is? H-Here's the truth. Sh-she's the pillar of the scientific research world. She's Ms. Bonita!"
###Chapter 665
A pin-drop silence hung over the trio. Gunnar and Sydney froze at the sudden revelation.
'Mom and Dad's reactions are reasonable. After all, I froze like them when I learned Bonnie was Bonita. I was in disbelief, too. That said, after getting over my initial shock, I had nothing but profound respect and admiration for her.'
Flynn believed his parents would start treating Bonnie differently after what he told them. Suddenly, Sydney palmed his forehead and asked worriedly, "Why are you spouting nonsense? Do you have a fever?" 'God damn it. I broke my promise to Bonnie and told my parents the truth, yet they still don't believe me.'
Flynn felt helpless as he moved away from his mother's hand. "I don't have a fever. I told you the truth. Bonnie is Ms. Bonita."
"Jeez, your mind is nothing but mush now." Sydney shook her head in distress. She turned to Gunnar and said, "Our son's condition has worsened. Should we get a psychiatrist to look into it? Otherwise, our only son will be ruined."
Gunnar sighed. "I can tell his condition is worsening by the day because of Bonnie. We have no time to lose. Let's get him checked now, or he might become worse than he already is."
The older couple discussed their son's nonexistent mental illness as he stood there. Flynn grew so upset that he almost jumped. Instead, he said agitatedly, "Mom! Dad! I wasn't lying! I-If you don't believe me, you can ask Grandpa about it. You'll learn the truth if you talk to him!"
He was so worked up that he told his parents everything. Still, they merely leaned close to each other and whispered among themselves, ignoring their son.
Flynn was furious as he strode across the gazebo toward the living room.
"Since that didn't work, I'll go in there and tell Bonnie about your plot! I'll tell her to keep her guard up around you guys. The last thing I want is for you two to ruin her life.”
Sydney heard her son's words and turned to Gunnar. The couple exchanged worried looks before catching up to Flynn and standing in his way. Sydney grabbed her son's arm and said, "Your dad and I decided this long ago, Flynn. You can't mess up our plans!"
She turned to the bodyguards standing far away and exclaimed, "Hey, I need help! Take my son away!"
The two bodyguards heard her and marched over. They held Flynn's shoulders, and he struggled fiercely. He was so agitated that his face reddened. "Let me go, damn it!"
Sydney rubbed her brows in frustration and waved at the bodyguards. "Take him back to the car. We're going to see a psychiatrist now."
"No! I won't go! I'm not crazy, so why should I go?!" Flynn's fury grew, but the bodyguards had subjugated him. His struggles were futile.
Flynn added, "Do you even consider me your son?! How can you not believe me? You even told the bodyguards to catch me! Order them to let me go, now!"
'I didn't want to do this, my dear boy, but your mind is s***. That must be why you're taking Bonnie's side. I can't let you ruin our plan. I wouldn't do this if there were another way.'
"We're going because of your condition, Flynn. There's something wrong with your head, and we can't afford to wait to fix it. All you need to know is that we're your parents. We have your best interest at heart. Be a dear and cooperate with us, okay?"
Flynn was on the verge of a meltdown as he said, "H-How many times must I repeat myself, Mom?! I'm not crazy!"
Standing silently on the sidelines, Gunnar seized the opportunity to reach into his son's pocket and snatch his phone away.
###Chapter 666
"Cooperate with the psychiatrist when we're there, Flynn. Do what they tell you to do, and you'll return to your normal self before you know it."
'I thought Mom and Dad were bluffing when they said they'd send me to a psychiatrist to get my head checked,' Flynn thought, 'At most, they'd keep me here for several days before letting me out.' However, his father had taken his phone, showing they were serious. Flynn quickly said, "W-Wait, I'll do as you said and won't tell Bonnie your plan. Don't send me to a psychiatrist!"
'There's nothing wrong with my head-I'm perfectly sane. There's no telling if the doctor will pronounce me a psycho once I get submitted. I can't go there.'
Sydney shook her head. She did not believe her son. "Sweetheart, listen to me. It's harmless to get your head checked."
Gunnar helplessly added, "Listen to your mom. It doesn't matter if you're sane or not. It doesn't hurt to get checked. Maybe a trip to the psychiatrist will get you back on your feet."
Flynn gave up and looked to the skies, thinking, 'I can't get through to them. I'll have to play ball. That's the only way I'll escape this mess.'
"All right, I know you guys don't believe a word I said. How about I swear an oath instead? God will curse me with a childless future if I tell anyone about your plan."
"You piece of shit!" Gunnar was furious as he smacked the back of Flynn's head. "Do you think that's acceptable?!"
Both parents' hearts softened as they ordered the bodyguards to let their son go.
"Understood," the two bodyguards responded simultaneously and stepped back.
Gunnar approached Flynn and asked disbelievingly, "Will you keep it a secret, or are you bluffing?"
Flynn nodded firmly. "Yeah, there's no need to tell anyone, after all."
"That's great, sweetie. You finally see the truth and understand that everything we do is for you." Sydney was delighted that her son had regained his senses and took their side.
Gunnar looked grateful, saying, "All that matters is that you see the truth. You must know everything we do is for your sake, son."
Then, the older couple noticed a strange look on their son's face as he glanced at the living room. Flynn looked mesmerized as he said pridefully, "I won't tell Bonnie anything because she's intelligent. None of the women who craved Ivor could outdo her, much less trouble her.
"Indeed, Eliose is tough, but she's a nobody compared to Bonnie. She should feel lucky that Bonnie isn't interested in holding grudges. Otherwise, Bonnie could've crushed Eloise like a bug!"
Sydney and Gunnar sighed heavily. They thought Flynn had finally begun to see reason. However, it seemed he had just become crazier.
'Bonnie has done a number on our son's psyche. Is there a chance our son Flynn will regain his sanity?'
###Chapter 667
Several days later, Bonnie went to the university after finishing her work at the research institute. She had just reached the gate when she heard a piercing voice, "Hey, Bonnie! You've skipped school for several days now.
"Do you think you own the university? You can't come and go as you please! I worry about you. Why are you skipping classes if your life depended on it? You might not be able to graduate at this rate." Bonnie turned and saw Selina and two girls standing across from her. One of the girls in a yellow dress stifled a chuckle while looking at Bonnie disdainfully.
"Selina's right. You take this university for granted because you got a perfect score on the SATS. People who disrespect the university will never graduate. Not even the standard universities can tolerate your actions, not to mention a prestigious university like ours!
"You're supposed to be the best scholar here. If you don't graduate, you'll become one of the biggest jokes here."
The other girl in a black dress added, "You're so undisciplined. You can keep dreaming if you think you'll graduate. Also, I wonder where you got the guts to compete for a guy with the prettiest girl on campus." Selina smirked when she heard what her friends said. She even felt pleased with herself.
Bonnie raised her brow when she saw Selina's reaction. The former asked leisurely, "The prettiest girl on campus? Do you mean Selina? Is that an appropriate title for her? After all, she's no longer the prettiest girl on campus."
The girl in black was stumped, not knowing how to retort. It took a while for her to return to her senses. Then, arms akimbo, she said coldly, "You might look a tad prettier than Selina, but that doesn't make you the prettiest girl on campus. It's not just about the looks but also inner beauty.
"You always talk back to the professors and have multiple disciplinary issues. Do you think you're equal to Selina?"
The girl in black thought Bonnie would feel humiliated. However, the latter did not show an ounce of shame. On the contrary, Bonnie smirked mockingly. "Oh, really?"
The girl in black lifted her chin and said disdainfully, "That's how it has always been! You're just a bimbo who just happened to look pretty. Selina might not be as beautiful as you, but she trumps you in all other aspects."
Instead of responding to the girl, Bonnie smirked at Selina and asked, "Where did you find such incompetent friends? That's twice now she's called me prettier than you." Selina's heart dropped. Bonnie's words made her grimace with anger and embarrassment.
The girl in black was wide-eyed as she grabbed Selina's eyes and explained, "Th-that wasn't what I meant, Selina. I-I was just trying to say she's worse than you. I didn't know she'd twist my words that way." "I know what you meant, Maisie. Don't worry about it. Bonnie's trying to drive us apart, but I won't fall for her petty tricks," Selina said through gritted teeth. Although she said that, she still subtly glared at Maisie.
Maisie even relaxed when she thought Selina was not mad at her. The former said, "That's right. We're friends, and no one can drive a wedge between us so easily."
Bonnie knew the truth but said nothing. Instead, she just grinned.
Selina almost let her true feelings show when she saw Bonnie's mocking grin.
###Chapter 668
Fortunately, Selina took a deep breath and suppressed her anger. She was able to maintain her usual gracefulness. Even so, a subtle tell in her expression hinted at her anger.
"Bonnie, you've skipped so many classes. Do you think you can still graduate with your poor attendance? I wonder why the former university president keeps taking your side. Still, that doesn't change the fact that you skipped classes.
"All the professors keep your attendance records, so you can't argue it away. You can't just come and go as you please when you're a student at a prestigious university. If you keep acting recklessly, you'll find that not graduating is the least of your problems.
"If the university takes it seriously, they might even expel you. You'd have wasted your time attending this university."
Bonnie smiled and said casually, "I appreciate your concern, but I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. None of what you said will happen to me."
"Why are you still acting tough?!" Selina scoffed. "You'll cry when you can't graduate or get expelled!"
"Oh, wow." Bonnie shrugged. "Let's wait and see what happens."
"Why, you little-" Selina sighed. Then, she heard a familiar voice beside her.
However, the voice was not directed at her. Instead, it was directed at Bonnie, "Why aren't you going into the campus, Bonnie?"
Everyone glanced at the person speaking and saw Coleman strolling toward them. He stood beside Bonnie, turned around, and saw Selina. A moment later, his expression grew grim as he asked, "Is she stirring up trouble again, Bonnie?"
Selina did not want to leave a wrong impression on the man she admired, so she hastily explained, "I-I wasn't being mean to her. She has skipped too many classes, and I just wanted to greet her." Of course, Coleman did not believe a word she said. He looked at Bonnie and asked, "Is that true?"
Bonnie glanced at Selina and said sarcastically, "Hmm, it's true. She came to greet me but wasn't friendly about it. I can't say I blame her, though. After all, you're why she's being an a*** to me." "Huh?" Coleman was puzzled as a sense of curiosity flashed in his eyes. "Why are you blaming me? I didn't do anything."
"Are you serious?" Bonnie glanced at him. "She likes you and treats me like her love rival because of how close we are."
Coleman instinctively looked at Selina. She blushed when she met his gaze, saying, "I-I'll admit I like you a lot, but I did nothing to Bonnie. Please don't misunderstand me."
Coleman frowned, not knowing how to respond.
'I've long known Selina has a thing for me, but I don't feel the same about her, so I've never discussed it with her. Still, I didn't expect Bonnie to be so forthright about it. Bonnie just opened a can of worms.' Bonnie noticed Coleman's silence and thought, 'I need to tell him something else. After all, we're close friends.'
###Chapter 669
"Although Selina might like you, I feel obligated to tell you something because we're good friends, Coleman. She's exceptionally vengeful and will hold on to the tiniest grudge for a long time. Then, she'll exact revenge when the time is right.
"If she can't have you, her love for you might turn into hatred. That's when she'll resort to extreme measures. For your safety, I advise you to stay away from her."
Selina had tried her best to suppress her anger for Bonnie. The former tried her best to give Coleman a good impression but could no longer hold herself back after hearing what Bonnie said. Selina roared at Bonnie, "That's utter bullshit, Bonnie! Shut your trap!"
Bonnie shook her head at the vicious-looking Selina. "Tsk, tsk, tsk. Look at her, Coleman. She's a raging shrew, and you're too gentle to be with someone like that. I'm trying to tell you to stay away from her." Coleman trusted Bonnie, saying, "All right, I'll do as you say."
"Wonderful." Bonnie looked at him with satisfaction, reminiscent of how a teacher would look at their student. "Let's go to the lecture hall together."
"All right, I'm coming." He caught up to her and left the gate with her.
Selina watched as they left, her eyes full of resentment. She balled her fists, wishing to pounce at Bonnie and rip her to shreds.
Meanwhile, Maisie and Skylar, the girl in the yellow dress, noticed Selina's grim expression. They could not help but badmouth Bonnie.
"That girl is too much! How dare she talk about you like that in front of Coleman? Bonnie has shattered whatever good impression Coleman has on you, Selina."
"Bonnie said all that because they're good friends. I hate her guts! She has never had anything pleasant to say."
Selina listened to them while glaring daggers at Bonnie. The resentment in the former's eyes grew increasingly intense, so much so that she emanated a menacing air. "Just you wait, Bonnie. I'll never let you off the hook."
The university executives' meeting occurred at half past two in the afternoon. Bonnie sat at the conference desk and swept her gaze across the room. After ensuring everyone was present, she asked, "How are the preparations for the university exhibition going?"
The third professor on her left stood up and said, "Everything is going well, Ms. Bonnie. The preparations are underway."
Bonnie responded, "Pass me the relevant information."
"Right away, Ms. Bonnie." He quickly handed her the file.
Bonnie flipped through the pages and carefully read them. She looked solemn as she turned the pages quickly-as if she were speed-reading the entire file. She had already moved on to another page when an ordinary person would still be reading the first few lines.
The top management personnel and professors did not know what she was doing. Soon after, some professors muttered, "Ms. Bonnie is reading so fast. Do you think she can read everything on a page quickly?"
"Do you think she's putting on airs to fool us?"
"I don't think so. Maybe Ms. Bonnie has a special way of reading files. Let's not speculate unnecessary things."
###Chapter 670
"You're right. We don't have to make wild guesses. We'll know if Ms. Bonnie has read every word when she talks about it soon."
"Yeah, we should wait for her to finish reading first."
Then, Bonnie closed the document and said, "I've gone through the exhibition's content and planning. It's solid work, except for the exhibits themselves. We'll have to work on those."
The professor from earlier asked, "What's the issue with the exhibits, Ms. Bonnie? I've done it how we've always done it. I don't recall making any changes."
"Don't worry too much, and hear me out." Bonnie smiled leisurely. "You said you followed the old ways without making changes, correct? Well, that's where the problem lies. There are 225 exhibits.
"Most of the exhibits comprise the university's collection, no less. That means the students have seen them before and will have difficulty finding them attractive. Indeed, you've made a satisfactory arrangement for the exhibition this time. I praise you for that.
"Still, I promised Russell I'd elevate the university's standing to another level. It's the first exhibition since I took over his position, meaning I'll have to break the norm and show the students a whole new experience.
"I'd like to hear some ideas, so let's brainstorm and bring our thoughts together to organize an exhibition that'll turn heads."
The professors exchanged glances with the top management staff and began conversing softly. Soon after, a professor presented his idea, "I have some pretty cool proposals, Ms. Bonnie. Would you care to hear me out?"
She looked at him and gestured for him to continue. "Go on."
"We can allow the students to bring collections from their respective families. Then, we can loosen the rules for the families who donated to the university. They can enroll their children in the university more easily than the other families.
"In turn, it'll allow more students to attend our university. It'll be a win-win situation for the contributing families and the university. With that in mind, they'll be more cooperative."
Bonnie nodded and proceeded to adopt it immediately. "That works for me. I must say, that's a fantastic idea. I'll leave it to you to organize it, then. I believe you'll do an excellent job."
The professor smiled humbly, "I appreciate your faith in me, Ms. Bonnie. I'll do everything I can to ensure I do it well."
"Perfect. Indeed, I have plenty of faith in you." Bonnie smiled, delighted with the professor's idea.
Meanwhile, Reece felt displeased with himself.
'That's such a good idea. Why didn't I think of it? Not only does Professor Jay have a chance to shine, but he also gets a compliment from Ms. Bonita. There goes my chance to show her my worth. What a shame! I wonder if I'll have another shot.'
At that moment, Bonnie glanced at her assistant and gestured for him to distribute an envelope to each professor and top management staff.
Once everyone had received an envelope, she said solemnly, "I trust you're no strangers to those envelopes. These are anonymous letters the students have put into my mailbox."
Everyone's hearts raced, feeling nervous.
###Chapter 671
"What did the students say in these letters, Ms. Bonnie? Why are there so many of them?"
"Yeah, I thought we did well with the student affairs. Are the students unhappy with us? I've never seen so many letters."
"It's a first for me, too. I'll have to reflect on the parts I didn't do well."
The professors and upper management were pretty worked up over the anonymous letters. So, Bonnie looked at them and said, "Stay calm, everyone. It isn't about you. These letters are about the issues concerning the cafeteria. Read the letters first, and I'll tell you the specifics afterward."
"Okay, Ms. Bonnie," everyone responded unanimously, lowering their heads to read the letters.
Once everyone finished reading the letters, Bonnie said, "These students are concerned about the hygiene and freshness of the food and ingredients. I'm sure you know we've outsourced our cafeteria to Stardust Empire.
"None of our staff participated in it. If this many students are complaining about the food, it means it has become a serious issue. If we ignore it, it'll compromise the university's reputation. That's why we must send someone to investigate."
Bonnie raised her brows and swept her gaze across the room. "Now, who's willing to take up the task?"
The top management staff and professors exchanged glances. Then, they lowered their heads in embarrassment. Bonnie could not blame them for reacting that way, either. After all, the Robsons supported the Stardust Empire.
The Robsons were one of the wealthiest and most powerful families in Pyralis. None of the professors or management staff would survive offending them, so no one wanted to take on the task. Suddenly, Reece stood excitedly, saying, "I'll look into it, Ms. Bonnie!"
Although he was happy to grab the opportunity before anyone else could, he cursed the others internally.
'What a bunch of fools. It's a wonderful opportunity, yet no one wants to grab it. If they don't, I'll use it to my advantage and show Ms. Bonita what I'm made of.'
As far as he was concerned, the other professors and management staff were fools for not taking up the task. On the other hand, they thought the same of him. They were curious about why he looked so excited.
Meanwhile, Bonnie knew most people would not dare take up the task. Despite that, Reece shouldered the arduous task and put himself at risk, which pleased her immensely.
"It's a risky task, Reece. I must commend your bravery in stepping forward. Don't worry. The university won't let your efforts go to waste. After all, it's a considerable challenge. The university will reward you handsomely once you've succeeded."
Reece waved, looking dignified as he said, "I don't need a reward, Ms. Bonnie. I work for the university, and it's only right that I do my job and share your burden."
It was shocking enough when he agreed to investigate Stardust Enterprise. However, he was kissing up to Bonnie by refusing a reward. That was much more shocking than anything else.
The others thought it was strange as Reece had always thought the worst of Bonnie. He had been a thorn in her side, too. Hence, the others wondered why he changed and began to treat her so nicely. Reece looked like he was trying to prove himself, which confused the others.
###Chapter 672
"I disagree with that and must give credit where it is due. You will receive a reward for your troubles. That said, I'll leave this task to you, Reece." Bonnie had always observed her principles regarding such things.
Reece noticed Bonnie's adamant tone and decided not to argue. "Leave it to me, Ms. Bonnie. I'll get to the bottom of it. I won't disappoint you."
"Perfect." Bonnie smiled faintly and stood up. "That's all for today. The meeting has been adjourned."
Soon after, everyone exited the conference room. Adan was walking in the hallway when he remembered Reece's bizarre actions. He could not help but call out to Reece, "Hey, I need to have a word with you.' Reece turned and followed Adan to a corner, asking, "What's up?"
Adan ensured no one was around before saying, "I thought you used to hate Ms. Bonnie. Why are you suddenly trying so hard to please her now? You seemed a little exaggerated just now. It was so unlike you, Reece. You're not the Reece I know. Are you an alien or something?"
Reece rolled his eyes at Adan. "That's nonsense. If you want an explanation, I'll give it to you. I did what I did for the university and Ms. Bonnie."
Adan looked at Reece from head to toe. "N-No, something isn't right. You must've found out something! Come on, tell me what made you change so drastically.”
Reece raised his chin, feeling proud to know something Adan did not.
'Everyone in the conference room looked at me like I was a fool earlier. They're the ones who are the fools. They missed out on a chance to show Ms. Bonita their worth.'
The more he thought about it, the more he swelled with pride.
"What are you talking about, Adan? Please stop being so suspicious." Reece checked the time and said, "Okay, that's enough chit-chat. I need to get to the task Ms. Bonnie entrusted to me." Adan was puzzled as he watched Reece leave.
'Did someone put a spell on Reece or something? He isn't acting like himself.'
When afternoon arrived, Bonnie left the university and stood at the side of the road. Then, she saw a familiar Maybach pulling up beside her. The car window was lowered halfway, revealing Floyd's smiling face. "Ms. Bonnie, please get in."
Bonnie glanced at the empty backseat and asked, "What are you doing here alone?"
He could not help but tease her, "Do you miss Mr. Ivor already?"
Bonnie raised her brow and leaned closer to stare at Floyd. "Good on you for becoming bolder. What's wrong? Has Ivor given you less work? Is that why you have the time to make fun of me?"
A bead of sweat rolled down Floyd's forehead as he said, "N-Not at all, Ms. Bonnie! I wouldn't dare! Ahem! Mr. Ivor told the kitchen staff to make your favorite dishes for you. He said you must taste them and told me to pick you up. As for Mr. Ivor, he can't make it because he's busy."
###Chapter 673
Bonnie gave him a sidelong glance and got into the car. "Drive."
"Y-Yes, Ms. Bonnie!" Floyd stuttered and sighed in relief.
'She so imposing and frightening! I should watch my mouth and refrain from teasing her next time. Ms. Bonnie's demeanor resembles Mr. Ivor's. I'll struggle to continue working for them.'
An hour later, Bonnie reached the Knights' villa and entered the living room. She saw Ivor and asked, "Floyd told me you were busy today. How are you home before me?"
"I quickly finished my work to have dinner with you," Ivor responded warmly. Then he turned and told the housekeepers to take something off the wall.
Bonnie was curious about what it was. She approached Ivor and saw the housekeepers removing Kieran's painting from the wall.
Ivor watched them take down the painting and reminded them, "Be careful packing it up, and don't bump it into anything."
"Understood, Mr. Ivor," one of the housekeepers responded respectfully before packing the painting into a box. He was cautious with it, too.
Bonnie asked, "Why are you taking it down and keeping it?"
"The university is hosting an exhibition soon, right? Someone informed me to contribute part of my collection. I chose Master Kieran's painting because I thought it fits perfectly." "Oh, so that's what you're doing," Bonnie said nothing further, but her gaze lingered on the painting.
Ivor noticed it and asked, "What' is it? Do you like the painting?"
"Uh, it's not about the painting so much as the tabby cat in it. It reminds me of the one I used to have when I was a child." Bonnie's eyes showed a hint of uncharacteristic warmth when she mentioned the cat. "I had a tabby cat throughout my childhood and considered her family. I know cats don't live forever. I was a teenager when she passed away. I couldn't help thinking about her when I saw the painting. "I've always thought about how wonderful it would be if cats could live longer. That way, I'll always have company."
"Oh, that's why you look like that." After some thought, Ivor said, "If the cat in this painting means much to you, I'll give you the painting once the exhibition ends."
Floyd was standing on the sidelines when he heard his boss's words. His eyes widened in shock as he said, "I thought you loved that painting, Mr. Ivor. It's also precious to Mr. Sigmund. He has only ever loved the clay teapot and this painting.
"I fear he'll raise hell if he finds out you're giving it to Ms. Bonnie. I understand you dote on her, but isn't this a little too-"
Before he could finish, Ivor interjected, "Bonnie's a part of the family. It wouldn't make a difference which one of us has the painting. Does it matter who it belongs to? I think Grandpa will see reason once he learns why I did it. He won't complain."
Floyd thought it made perfect sense. "Pardon me for speaking out of turn, Mr. Ivor."
"It's okay." Ivor waved before turning to Bonnie, saying, "I'll give you the painting soon. Don't worry about Grandpa. I'll talk to him."
'It's my painting, so he doesn't need to give it to me. I can always make another one for myself. Still, it's Ivor's way of showing his love for me. I guess I should turn him down in a nicer, more roundabout way.'
"I don't need it. I just thought the tabby cat looked nice, and it reminded me of my cat when I was little. That's all. You can put it back on the wall after the exhibition. I'll look at it whenever I feel like it. You don't have to give it to me."
Ivor leaned closer to Bonnie and whispered flirtatiously, "What will you do if I still want to give it to you, Bonnie? You must take it, and I won't take no for an answer."
###Chapter 674
Bonnie rubbed her ears, which tickled from Ivor's breath. She calmly stepped back and said, "You're so unreasonable. You can't force me to accept your gift." Ivor took the chance to get closer, his eyes brimming with affection. "You're right. I'm unreasonable. You can't turn me down if I tell you I'm giving you something.” Bonnie crossed her arms and stared at him. "Really? Well, I'll still refuse it."
He thought she was embarrassed to receive the gift, so he tried a different approach. He grabbed her arm and shook it gently, saying, "Come on, Bonnie. It's my way of showing I love you. Just take it. Pretty please?"
'He's in his twenties but acting cute with me. It doesn't make me feel weird. On the contrary, he looks innocent and pitiful. I'd feel like a jerk if I rejected him.'
Bonnie sighed helplessly. She could not help but speak in a softer tone, "I mean it, Ivor. You don't have to give it to me because I can just walk over here and look at it. Also, you said we're family, and it doesn't matter who owns the painting. That's why I'll let you keep it."
"Hmm, you have a point."
'Everything in the villa, including me, will belong to Bonnie. If she won't take the painting, I'll keep it safe for her and ensure she can see it whenever she wants. I can always use it as a clever excuse to see her again if I miss her. That way, she won't suspect a thing.'
"Okay, then. I'll keep it for now. If you decide you want it, I'll give it to you in a heartbeat."
Bonnie sighed in relief internally when she realized Ivor was no longer adamant about giving her the painting. "Okay, we'll just leave it here. After all, I can't put it to good use if you give it to me."
"Anything you say goes, Bonnie." Ivor held her hand and led her to the dining table. "It's time for dinner. Let's taste our new chef's cooking."
Bonnie nodded and said, "Okay."
Three days later, Pyralis University hosted its exhibition. Bonnie stood before the tabby cat painting and reminisced about when she first brought the cat home.
'She was an intelligent cat. She could understand most of what I told her, and she would keep me company whenever I felt sad or depressed. She offered me solace in her own way. So many years have passed since then, and I've yet to find another equally intelligent cat. My tabby cat will rest in my memories forever. She'll live on in my painting, too.'
Bonnie fell into a trance as she stared at the painting. Suddenly, she heard an unfriendly voice from behind.
###Chapter 675
"You're a university security team member, Bonnie. Since they've entrusted you with keeping that painting safe, you'll have to ensure it does not come in harm's way. People are about to arrive, and you can't afford to make a single mistake.
"After all, you can't pay for it if it gets lost or something," Selina spoke in a highly unfriendly tone as she stared at Bonnie.
The latter smirked and gazed into Selina's eyes, saying, "Don't worry. I might lose interest in you, but I won't lose the painting."
Selina grunted and mocked Bonnie, "Hmph, confident, are you? Watch out, or your confidence might be your undoing. When that happens, you can't return from it."
?
"Thanks, but I don't need your concern." Bonnie raised her chin. "I'm just that confident in myself. If I say the painting won't go missing, it won't."
Selina was stumped. She gritted her teeth, wishing to rip Bonnie to pieces. "Don't celebrate just yet. If you end up losing the painting, the university will expel you."
"Again, I don't need your concern. If you have time to poke your nose in my business, you should use it worrying about yourself."
Immediately after, Bonnie's phone rang. She looked at it and saw Terry's name.
'He wouldn't call me if it weren't urgent. Did something go wrong at the research institute?'
With that in mind, Bonnie answered the call, "What's wrong?"
Terry immediately replied, "It's about the augmentation research for the latest nanomaterial. We ran into some severe issues here."
Bonnie glanced at Selina sidelong before looking away and saying hushedly, "I can't speak now. Give me a minute. I'll find a place to talk." "Understood, Ms. Bonita," Terry replied and waited for Bonnie on the call.
Meanwhile, Selina watched Bonnie leave and then gazed at the painting, which was worth a fortune. Suddenly, a terrible thought crossed her mind.
'I can steal the painting and make the Knights think Bonnie s*** up. Then, they'll punish her severely. Better yet, they might kick her out of Pyralis and ban her from returning for the rest of her life.
'Still, the university might be able to track it back to me if I do that. If that happens, I can't escape the Knights' wrath.' Selina was wrestling with her thoughts when she realized something vital.
'The university needs to safeguard the privacy of every collection from the various families. That's why they formed a security team of students instead of installing security cameras. That means I just have to tread carefully, and no one notice.'
Although she thought about it that way, she was still conflicted. Then, she saw Coleman approaching in his university uniform, looking stunning and elegant.
Adoration filled Selina's eyes as she stared at him. She blushed and waved to greet him, "Hi, Coleman. Are you—”
To her surprise, he walked past her before she could finish her sentence. In the past, he would at least greet her and smile out of courtesy. However, he regarded her as a stranger now.
###Chapter 676
Coleman was only treating her like this because of what Bonnie said about her in the past.
'Damn that b***! I'm going to mess her up real good this time!'
Selina turned around and looked at the painting in front of her. The hesitation in her eyes had been replaced by a newfound resolution.
'Oh, Bonnie. Let's see if Lady Luck will look after you and get you out of the mess this time!'
Meanwhile, Bonnie had just returned after her phone call. She found a bunch of people huddled around the painting she was supposed to guard.
She had just approached the crowd when one of them let out an ear-piercing scream.
"Look, guys. That's her. That's the lady in charge of Master Kieran's painting!"
Everyone turned to look at her.
Bonnie looked at the wall, only to find that Master Kieran's painting was nowhere to be seen. There was only an empty space where it had been.
'Did someone steal the painting while I was away?'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when a slightly younger professor walked over and looked at her sternly.
"What the heck is wrong with you, lady? You know you're supposed to guard this important painting. So why did you leave without informing anyone? Now, someone has stolen the painting. How are you going to bear the responsibility now?"
Reece had followed the crowd here. When he saw the way Benton was lecturing Bonnie, he spoke up for her at once.
"You can question her all you want, Benton, but do you have to look so vicious when you're at it? Perhaps you should let her speak. She could've left her post due to an emergency. Have you thought about that?"
Reece shook his head and thought, 'Benton is nothing but a common professor. How dare he speak to Bonnie in this way? He's going to piss his pants when he learns that she's the university president. 'Furthermore, she has another much more prestigious identity! She's none other than the pillar of scientific research in Arvandor-Ms. Bonita!'
Benton looked at Bonnie again and questioned her sternly, "I'm going to give you a chance to explain yourself since Reece stood up for you. So, why in the world did you leave your post without permission?" She thought, 'Well, I left because I needed to deal with the augmentation research for the latest nanomaterial. There were some issues with the research component. But I can't just say this out loud in front of everyone.'
Realizing she was not saying anything, he assumed she was trying to think of a lie out of this mess.
'This has confirmed my suspicion. Bonnie must've stolen Master Kieran's painting herself.'
"What are you waiting for? Hurry up and answer my question."
She pursed her lips and spoke in a nonchalant tone. "I needed to deal with an emergency earlier. That's why I left."
Selina scoffed. "What emergency was it? How could anything be more important than Master Kieran's painting? You were supposed to guard the painting, but I think you stole it and hid it away.
"After all, this is Master Kieran's painting. There are only two of her paintings on the market now. It's priceless, too.
"You're just a bumpkin. Do you expect me to believe that you weren't the least bit tempted by its insanely high value?"
###Chapter 677
Selina was making a lot of sense. The story would be plausible if Bonnie were not Master Kieran herself.
Bonnie was about to say something when Selina spoke again.
"I saw the way you were looking at the painting. You were watching to see if anyone was walking past you. I was wondering why you were acting so suspiciously, but I never expected you to steal the painting for yourself."
Avril had heard about the incident and rushed over. She overheard Selina accusing Bonnie and was shaking with rage.
Avril quickly shielded Bonnie. "Stop accusing Bonnie without any evidence. She'd never do something like that!"
'What a bunch of morons! Do they have any idea who Bonnie is? How dare they accuse her?'
Avril might've sounded righteous and angry, but that didn't stop some of the onlookers from cackling.
"Why wouldn't she do something like this? She's a penniless bumpkin. Of course she would steal the most expensive painting in the world."
"Exactly. In fact, I think she's the only one who dares to do something like this."
"She's a thief! Ugh. How sickening!"
Everyone continued to belittle Bonnie.
Benton heard all of it and looked at her furiously. "The university's collections aren't the only exhibits here. A lot of them are from prestigious families. All of them respected our university for its standing.
"Now, you've gone and lost one of the most important paintings in the world. Do you have any idea what kind of damage it'd do to our university's reputation? Not to mention the wealthy people and organizations involved who funded the university.
"This isn't something a mere student can afford to bear, Bonnie. Take my advice and admit that you stole the painting. Then, I want you to return it. That way, I can ask the university to take it easy on you.” The crowd surrounding them grew bigger by the second, and the mutterings were relentless.
"Bonnie was never a serious student. She wouldn't even listen to the professors. I must say, I'm not surprised at all that she'd resort to grand theft."
"Exactly. She has skipped classes for days. The moment she actually showed up on campus, she made such a huge mess. After all, Master Kieran's painting was worth so much. It's probably enough for a hick like her to live comfortably for the rest of her life!"
"She's a shame to the university. I really hope they expel her."
Everyone was mocking Bonnie, thinking that she had to have stolen Master Kieran's painting.
Reece was so agitated by it that he wished he could tell everyone about her real identity right then and there.
Avril was feeling the same.
Both of them cast a worried glance at Bonnie, only to find that she was nonchalant about everything that was happening around her. She was completely calm and unfazed. 'That's right. Is Bonnie supposed to be stumped by a trivial matter such as this? In fact, I don't even have to speak up for her. All I had to do was wait for her to handle it.' Bonnie could sense that everyone's eyes were glued to her. She put on a casual smile.
"How are you all sure that the painting was stolen?"
Everyone exchanged glances, and silence hung over the crowd. They stared at her, looking for any signs that Bonnie was bluffing, as well as signs of guilt.
However, she remained standing, unperturbed. There was nothing but calmness on her face.
Selina's heart skipped a beat. "What do you mean?"
Bonnie responded confidently, "I went away to deal with an emergency. However, I was worried that someone might steal the painting while I was away. So, I hid it somewhere safe." Selina detected the sarcasm in Bonnie's tone, and her face quickly turned miserable.
"You should've said something sooner, then. All of us were thinking you stole it. Now that you said you simply hid it, hurry up and take it out."
"There's no hurry here. Stay put. I hid it somewhere far away. Give me some time, and I'm going to get it now." With that, she walked in the opposite direction of the exhibition. Selina watched as Bonnie left. She couldn't help but sneer.
'Heh heh. Does she think stalling will give her enough time to locate the painting? I've hidden it somewhere remote. No one else but me could find it.'
###Chapter 678
'Bonnie is going to return empty-handed and everyone's going to look down on her again!' Selina thought to herself.
After some time, Bonnie returned to the exhibition with a rolled-up painting in her hands.
Selina saw it and immediately scoffed. 'Bonnie truly knows how to put on a show. I'm sure this is a fake. That's why she kept it rolled up and didn't show it to everyone here.
'That doesn't matter. There are so many people here. So, she has no choice but to unroll the painting eventually. The moment she does that, she'll be kicked out of the university for good.'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when Bonnie asked someone to hang the painting up on the wall.
Selina directed her gaze at it, intending to take pleasure in Bonnie's misery. To her surprise, Bonnie had brought back an identical painting!
'This can't be right! I stole the original painting. How could she have tracked down the painting so fast? It has to be a fake.'
Selina swept her eyes across the crowd. Aside from her, everyone looked calm and unperturbed. None of them mentioned anything unusual about the painting.
'Is it possible that none of the professors can tell that the painting she brought back was a fake? Or, is it because they never even thought of it that way? Fine. I guess I'll have to give them a nudge.' "Say, Professor Benton. Don't you think there's something funny about this painting?"
"What do you mean?"
"I can't quite put my finger on it, but I can't shake the feeling that something's different about it. After all, we're talking about one of two of Master Kieran's original paintings. Let's not even forget the fact that the Knight Group gave it to the university.
"It's better that we play it safe and have the other professors appraise it."
Benton thought it over and found her suggestion valid. So, he asked some of the students to bring other professors over.
Later, quite a number of professors came and appraised it. All of them came to the conclusion that there was nothing wrong with the painting.
Selina was panicking now, her eyes brimming with utter disbelief.
'H-How could there be nothing wrong with it? Haven't I just stolen the original painting and hidden it in a remote corner? Could it be that Bonnie managed to find it?
She needed to know if her theory was correct. So she slipped out of the crowd and hurried over to the hiding spot.
Bonnie saw her leave and followed her quietly.
After both of them were gone, Benton accidentally brushed against the painting. Lowering his head, he looked at it.
'Huh? That's weird. Why is the paint still wet?' He thought, 'It's almost as if it was just painted recently... How does that make sense, though?'
Meanwhile, Selina raced over to the garden. She checked her surroundings to make sure that no one was there before she lifted the painting from the flowerbed.
She examined it meticulously and did not have the foggiest clue what just happened.
'What's going on here? How is it that this painting looks exactly the same as the one Bonnie just showed up with?
'I plucked it off the wall with my own hands. So, I'm certain that it's the original painting. However, the professors appraised the painting Bonnie brought over and found nothing wrong with it, either. 'Where did it go wrong, exactly?'
She was in the middle of her thought when she heard a sarcastic voice from behind her.
"I knew it. You stole the painting."
It was a familiar voice, too. Her entire body trembled at it. She gave herself a second to relax before she turned her neck stiffly.
The moment she saw Bonnie, she was shocked beyond words. It was all she could do to prevent herself from stumbling onto the ground.
"Y-You... W-What are you doing here?"
###Chapter 679
Bonnie stared at Selina coldly and walked briskly toward her. Then, she tore the painting away from the latter.
"You did it because I dethroned you as the prettiest student on campus. On top of that, you're trying to get back at me for badmouthing you in front of Coleman. Have I got that right?"
Selina thought about how Coleman was treating her coldly. Just like that, she no longer felt that she was in the wrong. Instead, she spoke in a self-righteous tone.
"It sounds like you know how badly you messed it up. After all, you're a good-for-nothing hick. What makes you think you have the right or means to steal my man from me? Do you honestly think you could do it?"
Folding her arms across her chest, Bonnie shook her head gently.
"It looks like I did the right thing when I warned Coleman. It's not just that. I really should've told him everything much earlier, so he'd stay far away from you.
"After all, you're such a vengeful, wicked, and petty-minded lady. You would've ruined Coleman if you guys really ended up together."
"Shut your trap!" Selina roared furiously.
'She's nothing but a despicable and uncivilized rube. That makes her worse than me in every possible way. What right does she have to be making such cutting remarks about me?'
"You're the one who should shut up, Selina." Bonnie stood calmly. Then, she looked at her from head to toe before shaking her head again.
"Seriously, Selina. You just... I'm sure of it now. You don't deserve him."
"Shut up! I'm telling you to shut the hell up. Do you hear me?!" Selina shrieked in an ear-piercing voice. Bonnie's words cut into her so deeply that she could no longer hold herself back. Swinging her arms, she darted after Bonnie menacingly.
Bonnie didn't move a muscle. Just as Selina was within range, she raised her hand and grasped the former's wrist with ease.
"Tell me, Selina. What would Coleman think of you if he saw your vicious, horrifying face right now?"
She was slack-jawed for a long time, but she couldn't think of anything to retort to Bonnie.
Selina was in a daze when her mind traveled back to all the moments she had pitted herself against Bonnie. The fear within her grew with each passing second because she realized that she was simply no match for Bonnie.
'Sometimes, knowing when to retreat is its own victory. I better run away for the time being. I'll come up with a different plan to deal with her when I'm back home.'
"I'll admit it. You won this time, Bonnie. However, there's no reason to think you'll win again next time. Don't celebrate your victory just yet. We'll see who's the last one standing!" Selina glared at her coldly, lifted her chin, and was about to leave.
"Hold it right there!" Taking a step forward, Bonnie stood in Selina's way.
"What makes you think there's going to be a next time? You dared to steal a painting owned by the Knight Group just so you could exact your revenge on me. Have you ever thought about how it's going to end for you if they find out?"
"W-What's going to end for me?" Her eyes got shifty.
She was so nervous that she stuttered. Then, something popped into her mind, and she questioned Bonnie coldly, "Don't make this about me. What about you, huh? You replaced the real painting with a fake. How is it going to end for you?"
"Fake?" Bonnie couldn't help but laugh. "The professors have appraised it and concluded that it was the real painting. What right do you have to be calling it a fake?"
Selina pointed at the painting in Bonnie's hand furiously and said, "That's because I know for a fact that the real painting is here!"
The humor in Bonnie's eyes intensified. "If you're so sure about it, then you should take this painting over to the professors and tell them that the one on the wall is a fake. Tell them that the original painting is with you."
Selina was stumped. For a moment there, she simply couldn't think of anything to retort to Bonnie.
At that moment, she was akin to an insect at the heart of Bonnie's palms. She could hop all she liked, but she could never jump out of Bonnie's grasp.
The realization intensified her hatred and resentment toward Bonnie. She wished that she could rip the latter to pieces right there and then!
###Chapter 680
However, there was nothing Selina could do but glare at Bonnie.
Bonnie met Selina's hateful glare and remained unfazed.
"You're such a rotten soul, Selina. You have no place at Pyralis University. Tomorrow, the university will announce that you are expelled."
She said it in such a casual tone that Selina was infuriated.
Pointing at Bonnie, she said in an angry tone. "Do you think I'm going to be expelled because you said so? Who do you think you are? The former university president might've taken your side on certain things but that doesn't mean you can do whatever you want!"
"You might've been able to expel Trina, but that's because she was a moron with rotten luck. The fact that she crossed a line with the former university president didn't help either.
"That's where I differ from her. My grades are infinitely better than hers. And the Pearson family is way more powerful than the Shepard family. What's more, my family made a lot of donations to this university. Do you think they're going to expel me that easily?
"Well, you can always wait for the news tomorrow."
With that, Bonnie turned and left.
Selina watched as Bonnie left. An intense hatred surfaced in her eyes slowly as her face contorted with a deep-seated rage.
'Does she honestly think the university's going to expel me because of what she said? I'm not a fool. I can tell she's just trying to intimidate me.
'Fine. I'll wait for it. I'm going to show up on campus and make her eat her heart out tomorrow!'
The next day, Selina asked the maid to bring her freshly-ironed clothes.
Suddenly, her phone buzzed.
'It's so early in the morning. Who could've texted me?'
She picked up her phone, bewildered. Then she turned on the screen.
Her face turned pale. Her lips were trembling uncontrollably from the shock.
'A-Am I actually expelled from Pyralis University? Are these notifications the real deal? Or, are they actually an elaborate prank?'
She refused to believe it and proceeded to read them several times.
Once she confirmed that these were official messages from Pyralis University, her body shook uncontrollably, and she almost stumbled.
Her face was extremely pale when she sat by the side of the bed slowly. Her mind couldn't help but travel back to what Bonnie told her yesterday.
'She asked me to wait for the official news today. Pyralis University actually expelled me on this very day.
'I don't get it. Why would she have this kind of power? I wasn't even given a chance to defend myself.
'More importantly, the former university president is in the hospital now. So, the entire university is under the rule of a new president. Is Bonnie connected to him in some way?'
She couldn't help but think of Bonnie's enchanting looks. Her deep-seated hatred for the latter grew much deeper.
'She must've used her looks to s*** the new university president and made him listen to her every whim!'
The longer she thought about it, the angrier she got.
'I can't leave it like this. I have to investigate thoroughly and find out if Bonnie is having an affair with the new president. I'm going to dig up dirt on them and expose their shameless actions to the public." Meanwhile, Bonnie was approaching a villa. She was holding a food container in her hand and was about to go inside when she heard Ivor's enraged growl.
###Chapter 681
Bonnie stopped in her tracks at once. Her brows couldn't help but knit tightly.
'I've rarely seen him this furious. What on earth is happening in there?'
Ivor stared at the irreparably damaged painting with menace.
"I've reminded you guys over and over again. You have to keep the painting somewhere safe. How did it end up in this mess?"
Floyd hung his head and spoke in a cautious tone. "I-I reminded them about it as well. However, the person in charge of the painting had a high fever last night.
"He must've been very sick because he forgot to store the painting somewhere safe. What's worse, it rained the whole night last night. That's how the dampness in the air got to it and damaged it."
Ivor took a deep breath and rubbed his brow aggressively. For a moment there, he was at a loss for words.
That was when Bonnie walked into the villa. She looked at him and realized that he was still gripped with anger. "What's going on? Why are you this furious?"
He didn't want her to worry about this kind of stuff. So, he sidestepped her question and said, "It's nothing. I was just lecturing a staff member who didn't know how to follow my orders."
"This isn't like you at all. You have never been this upset over something so trivial. Hurry up and tell me everything. What on earth happened here?" Her eyes were filled with skepticism. Obviously, she didn't believe a word he said.
"It's not a big deal. Really. It's just that the past couple of days haven't been easy. That's why I lost control of my temper." He had decided he'd take the secret to his grave and not tell her about it. 'She has enough stuff to worry about every day. I don't want to add to her burden by bugging her with my stuff. I know her research institute is conducting research on the latest nanomaterial. That alone is enough to keep her hands full."
"Just a couple of bad days?" She looked at him skeptically. "What happened in the past two days?"
He breathed out and smiled. Then, he reached out and pulled her into his arms.
"You haven't been visiting me for the past couple of days. I missed you so much that I can't eat or drink anything. Do you think I'm going to have good days in that state?" She rolled her eyes at him hard.
"I haven't seen you for a couple of days, but it seems you're still very smart-mouthed."
She might've said that, but she still found it hard to believe his explanation.
"Are you sure that that's the real reason and not anything else?"
"Of course it is. Why would I lie to you?"
Ivor knew she was highly intelligent. He was scared that she might see through him. Then, he saw the food container in her hands and changed the topic immediately. "What'd you bring, Bonnie?"
She went along with him. "I made you some cold soup. Just as well, too. It'll help cool you down."
A big smile formed on his face.
"I guess we're really soulmates then. I was just throwing a tantrum, and here you are, serving me cold soup. You're such a peach, Bonnie."
Raising her brow, she said, "I think you got it wrong. I didn't mean it'll cool down your temper. I mean a certain passion of yours instead."
For a moment there, he didn't quite get it.
"A certain passion? What do you mean?"
She glanced at him and said, "Well. You tend to be handsy when you see me. Then, you'll be having trouble controlling yourself. That's why I think it's better to think ahead and introduce you to some cold soup before you lose control of yourself and do the unthinkable to me."
###Chapter 682
The humor in his eyes grew deeper.
"You always accused me of thinking about nothing but sex. The way I see it, though, you're even worse than me. I didn't even catch your meaning until later. This proves just how pure-minded I still am." "Hahaha. Yeah. That's what you are. Pure-minded." Her lips twitched in response. "You're always feeling me up and talking about making babies with me, but yeah, you're pure-minded. No doubt about it." Reaching out, he pulled her tightly into his arms and pressed his body against hers.
"Haven't we discussed this already, Bonnie? You just can't blame it on me. I can't control myself every time I see you. A cold soup wouldn't be able to fix this. It's going to take more than that to put out the flame in my heart that's always burning for you."
Even Floyd couldn't help but rub his arms when he heard something so corny. He gestured at the surrounding staff, signaling for them to leave with him.
The staff caught his drift and followed him out of the hall with him.
She glanced at his arms, which were wrapped tightly around her waist, and squirmed a little.
"Look at yourself. You're doing it again. Hurry up and let me go now. I'm not comfortable talking like this."
He had no choice but to loosen his grip on her a little. "Is this better?"
She shook her head. "Not at all. Let me go."
He held her tighter. "I think you know how much I love you, Bonnie. Do you think it's possible for me to let you go willingly?"
"Are you sure you're not going to let me go?" A hint of cunning flashed in her eyes. "Are you certain that you can't do anything about your tendency to feel me up?"
He shook his head and responded firmly, "I'm certain. There's nothing I can do about it. Look, I'm not a saint. How do you expect me to hold myself back and not kiss someone I love?" Her lips curled, and she smirked wickedly. "I know of a way that could put an end to it."
She actually piqued his interest. "What is it?"
Then, she pulled out rows of silver needles from her pocket.
"All I have to do is jab you with a couple of needles. I guarantee that you're not going to have any urges for an entire year. How about it? Do you want to give it a shot?"
At first, he was stunned. Then he came to his senses and took a quick step back.
"You're talking about something that's going to make you happy for the rest of your life, Bonnie. Don't do anything rash."
"Have faith in my medical knowledge. You have my word that nothing's going to happen." Then, she approached him with a wicked grin. "Come on. It won't hurt at all. I'll be gentle. Scout's honor!" She was inching closer to him with the silver needle. All Ivor knew was that the hair on the back of his neck stood up.
"Come on, Bonnie... I mean it. Don't do anything rash, not when it comes to medical stuff."
"You should stay calm. I'm doing this for you. There, there. Just stay put and let me jab you with a couple of needles." Her smile grew wider as she gripped the silver needle and brought it to his skin.
###Chapter 683
Ivor's body went stiff and his eyes closed instinctively.
Bonnie stared at him. He was completely frozen with fear. Tucking her silver needles away, she threw her head back and laughed heartily.
He heard her crisp laughter in the air and opened his eyes slowly.
She was laughing her heart out before him. Every burst of laughter that escaped her captivated him.
His eyes were slowly filled with gloom.
Taking brisk steps toward her, he pulled her into his arms and pinched her nose, punishing her. "You're becoming more mischievous, Bonnie. How dare you scare me with the needles?"
"And you completely bought it. Who would've known?" She was laughing so hard that she was having trouble breathing.
He had looked like he was about to go to war. It was simply hilarious.
Ivor grunted and smirked in response. "Go on. Laugh while you can. I'm going to make sure you're laughing harder in a second."
"What are you talking about?"
Suddenly, she had a bad feeling about what was going to happen next. Then, she started squirming, trying to break free of his clutches.
Before she could succeed, he started tickling her intensely.
Tickling had always been her weakness. Now, he was tickling her so much that she kept laughing hard. She couldn't have stopped it if she wanted to.
"Stop...! Cut it out, now."
He actually started tickling her more intensely until they ended up on the couch.
She didn't realize it until he finally stopped tickling her, and she came to her senses. What was more, he was pinning her on it and staring at her with a certain eagerness in his eyes. She felt uneasy being stared at like this. Her face blushed slightly, accentuating her beauty.
"What do you think you're doing? Hurry up and get off me. Don't act like a p*** in broad daylight!"
"We're engaged, Bonnie. I'm not acting like a p***. I'm your future husband." He pressed down on her as he spoke.
She pushed against his chest. "I seriously have no idea how you can keep twisting facts to your advantage. Get off me."
"It has been a couple of days since I last saw you. I just want to be close to you a little. Don't treat me so coldly."
He stared at her with unblinking eyes. He looked so pitiful that she felt bad for rejecting him.
She pursed her lips. The way he was looking now softened her heart a little. She simply couldn't bring herself to push him away.
'I guess he's right. It has been a couple of days since we saw each other. It's only normal that he wanted to get close to me a little.'
She decided not to push him away. Instead, she spoke with reddened ears. "Well. This is as far as you get. You're going to stay like this quietly and get up in a minute. You can't do anything else."
"That's hardly enough for me." Ivor pressed his forehead against hers. His voice was so deep and charming that it sounded downright s***. "I was planning on kissing you. I won't do anything more than that. How about it?"
Rejecting him would've been an impossible task. She had no choice but to close her eyes with a reddened face.
"Hurry up and get it over with."
At the next moment, she could feel his masculine breath approaching her.
He was only an inch away from the lips he had been seeing in his dreams.
###Chapter 684
All of a sudden, Bonnie's phone, which was in her pocket, started ringing.
The crisp ringing tone threw their romance out the window. Bonnie's head started to clear. Her face was still slightly red when she reached out and pushed against his chest. "Get up. I have to pick up the call."
Ivor understood that someone like her had to pick up every call. After all, they could be emergencies. So, he stopped messing with her and propped himself up with his arms.
Pulling out her phone, she saw that it was a call from the research institute.
She frowned slightly and answered it. Her voice was instantly colder. "What is it?"
She was on the phone for about a minute before she hung up the phone. Turning around, she said to him, "There's an emergency at the research institute. I need to go now. Don't forget to finish the soup.” He stood as well. "Do you need me to give you a ride?"
"It's okay. I drove here." She waved at him with her back turned to him and marched out of his villa.
He watched as she left and recomposed himself.
Then, he went to the study. He saw Floyd, who was waiting by the door, and said, "Let's talk inside."
Floyd nodded. "Copy that, Mr. Ivor."
Both of them went into the study.
Ivor sat on the chair, his stunning eyes were plagued with somberness. "Do you have an update for me? Can anyone restore the painting?"
Floyd shook his head. "The painting conservators said that the tabby cat painting is damaged beyond repair. It's virtually beyond salvation."
Ivor rubbed his brow again. Sighing wearily, he wracked his brain for a solution.
Floyd was trying to figure it out as well. Then, he frowned. "Mr. Sigmund is going to be discharged in several days. He treasures the painting above everything else.
"I'm afraid we'll have a hard time explaining everything to him when he comes back and finds the painting missing."
"I'm aware of that. I know him well enough to know that he's going to raise hell when he finds out about it."
That was what Ivor was worried about the most. The more he thought about it, the worse his headache became.
"Well. What are we going to do now? How about we find another master painter to imitate this particular painting? We'll get through Mr. Sigmund first and think about the future after that." Floyd suggested.
Ivor gave him a sidelong glance. "Do you think anyone could just imitate Master Kieran's work? More to the point, it wouldn't feel the same even if we found someone who could do it. Grandpa is highly intelligent. I'm sure he can tell that it's a duplicate."
He was still searching for ideas in his mind as he spoke.
All of a sudden, something came to his mind, and he said, "I've asked you to track down another one of Master Kieran's paintings. The one that someone else had bought. Do you have any leads on it?" Floyd responded, "Rumor had it that a wealthy businessman purchased it. So, I managed to locate the buyer's address and wanted to go there and ask him about it.
"By the time I contacted them, however, they said someone else bought it at an insanely high price. We're still investigating who's the new buyer right now."
Ivor frowned. His phone, which was put on the desk, started to ring.
Looking at the phone, he noticed it was an unknown caller. Then, he hesitated for several seconds before answering the call.
"Hello. Who's speaking?"
"Hi, Ivor. It's..."
It took him less than a second to recognize Eloise's voice. Then he hung up on her without a second thought.
Several seconds later, she was calling him again.
She made no less than a dozen calls before he decided enough was enough. His eyes were filled with coldness when he moved to block her number. Before he could navigate to the option, however, she sent him a text.
"I have the painting you're looking for, Ivor."
###Chapter 685
Silence hung over the study when Eloise sent him another text.
"If you want the painting, then you'll meet me in Whispering Pines Barista at 5 p.m."
His grip on his phone tightened when he read the text. His face grew grim as well.
Floyd saw the changes in his boss's expression. He couldn't resist and asked, "What's the matter, Mr. Ivor?"
"See for yourself." Ivor tossed the phone to him. "Eloise sent these texts to me."
Floyd lowered his head and read a couple of messages. He then furrowed his brow.
"Something's off. This stinks to high heaven, Mr. Ivor. Your painting was just damaged not long ago, and yet she got wind of it in no time.
"Clearly, she has been monitoring you closely. Now, she's even asking you out. Do you think she's going to try something sinister, Mr. Ivor?"
"I thought about it. It's certainly possible. That's why you're going to meet up with her in my stead. You'll find out what it is she wants." Ivor was not planning to meet with Eloise himself.
"Huh?" Floyd was shocked.
Then something came to his mind. He hesitated a little before saying, "She obviously wants to meet with you, Mr. Ivor. Are you sure things are going to work out if I go instead? What am I going to do if she doesn't even let me see the painting?"
Ivor's frowns grew deeper. "Just go ahead and meet up with her. You can come back and tell me if it doesn't work out. I'll figure out something then."
"Copy that, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor's phone started buzzing again. Lowering his head, he looked at it and saw another text from Eloise.
"I'll only talk about the painting with you and you alone. If you send someone else in your stead, I'm going to leave immediately."
Judging by her tone, she wasn't in the mood for negotiation.
Ivor rubbed his eyebrows and sighed wearily. He glanced at his assistant and said, "Forget about it. I have to do it by myself. She made it very clear that she wants to see me." "Understood, Mr. Ivor." Floyd responded.
Then he thought to himself. 'In fact, I half-expected Eloise to state explicitly that she wants to meet with Ivor.
'After all, she did all of this just so she could see him. So, why would she let him send someone else to talk about the painting?'
Ivor sat on his chair as Bonnie's image came into his mind. Looking at Floyd, he reminded him, "Don't tell Bonnie about this. Got it?"
"Understood, Mr. Ivor. My lips are sealed. I'll never let Ms. Bonnie find out about this from me. That's a promise." With that, he made the gesture of zipping his lips.
"Okay." Ivor responded faintly. Then he lowered his head and continued to go through some documents.
It was still early. So, he'd finish up his work before meeting Eloise.
Later, he showed up at Whispering Pines Barista at 5 p.m., as promised.
Eloise was sitting by the window. She saw Ivor, who was as stunning as he was enchanting. She couldn't help but look mesmerized.
'This is the man I fell in love with. He's just so handsome and incredible.
'What a shame, though. He doesn't belong to me now. Instead, he has fallen head over heels with someone else!'
###Chapter 686
She clenched her fists as she thought, 'Ivor's here. I can't let him see me this pessimistic. I have to shove these bleak feelings down!'
Eloise took several deep breaths. In a matter of five seconds, she pulled herself together and became calm.
Once she had composed herself, she called out to him in a sweet voice. "Over here, Ivor."
He heard her voice and looked at her. Then, he walked briskly over.
Sitting across the table, he cut straight to the chase. "Out with it. How much will it be for you to part with the painting?"
His voice was both cold and sharp.
Gritting her teeth, she stared at him. "Don't you think it's a little hurtful for us to be talking about money, Ivor? I know you need the painting now. All you have to do is tell me you want it, and I'll gladly give it to you."
He wasn't moved in the least. "So, it's not about money, huh? Well, then. Why don't you name your terms?"
She had shoved her bleak feelings down. However, what he said yanked them back to the surface.
"Did it slip your mind that we used to be super close? We could've taken our relationships to the next level. So, why are you making things hard for me now?"
He frowned, and a hint of impatience flashed across his eyes. "I have other matters to attend to. I don't have time for this nonsense. Just out with it. What are your terms?"
His tone was so indifferent that it finally ticked her off. She shot up from her seat.
"Is it because of Bonnie? Are you worried that she'll get jealous of me? Is that why you're treating me so coldly?
"You used to be so elegant and distant, Ivor. We could only look at you, but we could never reach you because you were so far above us.
"Now, however, you're turning into whatever you are right now for the sake of Bonnie. Do you think she's worth it?"
"Are you done with your crap? Can we go back to the reason we're meeting here?"
'Ivor is clearly not going to listen to anything I say. If nothing I say could change his mind, then I'll have to switch tracks.'
"I'll give you the painting and won't take a single cent from you. With that said, I don't think you'll listen to me and break up with Bonnie.
"So, I only have one term. I want you to sleep with me for one night. After this, I won't pester you anymore, nor will I try to come between you and Bonnie again." Then she pulled out a hotel room key card and set it down before him.
"I'll be waiting for you at Caesar Hotel tomorrow. If you want the painting, be there at 9 p.m."
He glanced at the key card on the table and smirked sarcastically. "Is this what you think of me, Eloise? Am I the kind of person who'd trade a painting with his body?" She bit her lips, and her eyes turned red.
"I know you're not that kind of person, but I've loved you for a long time. I just want some closure. Furthermore, I'm only asking you to sleep with me for one night. "That way, I'll be able to realize one of my dreams, and you'll end up with the painting you crave. Both of us need this. It's a fair trade."
His eyes were filled with coldness.
"It has never occurred to me that you're such a shameless lady. You stooped so low and resorted to such despicable tricks just so you could have me."
###Chapter 687
Eloise's face turned pale. Staring at him, her body couldn't help but tremble. She was stumped and wasn't sure what to say. "I-Is that what you think of me, Ivor? How could you say that about me? I love you. That's all. What did I do wrong?" "What does that have to do with me? Do I have to reciprocate your love just because you have a crush on me?"
Ivor thought she was completely absurd. He glanced at her the way he would a lunatic.
She clenched her fists in response. However, she relaxed them again. She spoke softly and tried to convince him again.
"I'm aware you don't care about me, Ivor. However, don't you care about your grandpa? He loved that painting more than anything else. I know he's in the hospital, and he's going to be discharged soon.
"If he learns that his favorite painting is missing, he might be so upset that he might end up in the hospital again. Are you going to be so heartless that you'd let him suffer like this?"
"If I can't find Master Kieran's painting, then so be it. I've tried my best. So, I believe that Grandpa will understand my efforts. However, if he learns that I got the painting through such dirty means, he'll only get more upset.
"Give it up, Eloise. I'll never grant your request."
She was bitter about the cold, unfeeling way he treated her. Staring deeply into his eyes, she said, "It's a fair trade, Ivor. I hope you can think long and hard about it. Don't just deny it like that."
"There's nothing to think about here," he said nonchalantly, rising from his chair.
"I'll pay you any amount of money within reason. However, I'll never grant this particular wish of yours."
With that, he turned around and left the coffee shop, leaving her alone.
She watched as he left, her mind still replaying his cold, unfeeling attitude toward her. In the end, she couldn't hold it in anymore.
Picking up the coffee mug from the table, she smashed it on the floor bitterly.
"Ahhh! Why does he have to put me through this? Why?"
'All I want is to have someone I love by my side. What did I do wrong? What gives everyone the right to treat me that way? 'This isn't acceptable! I won't let things end this way!'
Back at Bonita Research Institute, Bonnie was standing before rows of test tubes, monitoring the experiment.
All of a sudden, her phone started ringing from the desk.
It was especially ear-piercing against the peaceful silence in the research institute. She couldn't help but frown.
'How did I forget to put my phone in silent mode?'
Putting down the report in her hand, she walked over to her phone and picked it up. She hesitated for a couple of seconds when she saw it was an unknown number before answering it.
"Hello."
Eloise's cold voice could be heard on the other end of the phone.
"Where are you right now, Bonnie?"
She recognized the voice and knew who was on the line.
"Eloise?"
Eloise lifted her chin proudly and said, "That's right. It's me!"
Fiddling with a pen, Bonnie asked leisurely, "Did the sun rise from the west today? Why are you calling me?"
"I'm calling you because I have business with you, of course," Eloise said in a self-righteous tone. "I'm waiting for you at Whispering Pines Barista. Come find me. I need to talk to you." Bonnie pursed her lips.
###Chapter 688
"Who do you think you are? Why do I have to see you just because you said so?"
Eloise frowned. "I mean it when I say I have something important to discuss with you. Are you coming?"
"Heh!" Bonnie scoffed.
"Why, you little-" Eloise felt almost suffocated. 'She's such a b***. How is she even worse than Ivor?'
"If you're trying to pick a fight, you should direct your efforts at someone else. I can't afford to waste time on you. Ciao."
Bonnie was about to hang up the phone when she heard Eloise speaking hastily. "D-Don't hang up! I'm trying to talk to you about Ivor."
"Ivor?" Bonnie raised her eyebrows. "If I want to know something about him, I can always ask him. I don't need you to give me any input."
Eloise almost screamed into her phone when she heard what Bonnie said. However, she had no choice but to swallow her anger.
"Aren't you concerned or curious about what I have to tell you?"
"Not at all." Bonnie's voice carried a hint of nonchalance. "Didn't you hear me? I'll ask Ivor myself if I have any questions for him. I don't need you to tell me anything."
Eloise clenched her fists so hard that she could hear them crackling.
"A-Alright. Tell me! What's it going to take for you to come here and talk to me?"
Bonnie's lips curled. A hint of cockiness flashed in her eyes. "If you want me to go there, then you're going to have to beg for it. Make it sound convincing while you're at it, too." Eloise couldn't hold herself back anymore. She ended up screaming into her phone, "You're over the line, Bonnie!"
Bonnie spoke slowly in an indifferent tone. "Is that a no? Well. I won't push for it. You can forget about talking to me."
"Hey!"
'I need her help to execute my plan. She's being impossible right now, but I simply have no choice but to do as she said.'
She chose to comply with Bonnie's request.
"Please, Bonnie! I'm begging you. Is this good enough for you?"
Bonnie's raised her eyebrows and asked, "Huh? What are you begging me for? Can you be more specific?"
Eloise gnashed her teeth and took a deep breath. Then, she roared at her phone, "I'm begging you to come over here so we can talk about Ivor. This has got to be good enough!"
"Hmm... You sure seem serious about it. I guess I can free myself from my packed schedule and meet up with you for a while."
Bonnie smirked, took her car keys, and walked out of the research institute.
Eloise stared at her phone and gnashed her teeth so hard that she could grind them to dust. 'What a b***! What a shameless b***!'
Half an hour later, Bonnie walked into the coffee shop and saw Eloise by the window.
She walked over, sat across the table, and asked dryly, "Out with it. What is it you wanted to talk about?"
Eloise proceeded to give her a brief rundown about Ivor's painting. "Now, his painting is irreparably damaged. Not even the painting conservators could restore it. There's only one more of Master Kieran's paintings left in the world, and I have it.
"Sigmund is going to be out of the hospital soon. I'm sure he's going to go into a fit of rage when he finds the painting missing. I'm willing to do you a favor and give you the painting, but I have a term."
###Chapter 689
"Oh?" Bonnie stared at Eloise calmly. "Go ahead and tell me about it."
Eloise then took out a bottle of pills and pushed it to Bonnie's side of the table.
"Spike his food with this pill and let him sleep with me for one night. After that, I'll give you the painting."
Bonnie laughed out loud.
"Geez, Eloise. Are you this much of a w***? If you're really craving men, then how about I get you ten of them? Will that be enough?
"How about a hundred men? I can guarantee you that all of them are excellent men and have a lot of experience under their belts. What do you say?"
Eloise gritted her teeth as her face reddened. "Quit saying these things to rile me up. That's not who I am at all."
"Really?" Bonnie's lips curled into a smirk. "If you aren't looking for someone to sleep with you, then why do you keep trying to steal my man? Why do you want my man to sleep with you?" Eloise's face looked miserable when she saw how sarcastic Bonnie was. She clenched her fists, trying to hold herself back. In the end, however, she shot up from her seat.
"I've only ever wanted Ivor and no one else! I'm doing this because I want closure for my long-time love for him. What did I do wrong, exactly?"
Bonnie clapped her hands while flashing a sarcastic grin.
"You found a new way to justify stealing my man away from me. Did you come up with that to lessen your guilt?”
"Why, you..." Eloise could only glare at Bonnie while she stood.
"Oh, pardon me. That was rude of me. After all, why would you feel guilty at all? You're so shameless that I'm sure the concept of guilt means nothing to you." Eloise started huffing as though she was going to erupt.
Bonnie chuckled. Then, she stood up from the seat slowly. "I'll be taking my leave if that's all you have to say. I'm a busy lady. I don't have time to listen to your crap." Eloise's face turned grim when she saw how unfazed Bonnie was. She roared at the top of her lungs, "Don't you care about Ivor, even just a little? Don't you love him at all?
"He's at his wit's end over the damaged painting. Now, you have the chance to help him, and yet you're reluctant to do this tiny little thing for him. I can't help but wonder if you really love him or his powers and influence?"
Bonnie's face grew solemn when she heard what Eloise said. A darkness began to gather in her eyes, as if foretelling the coming of a storm.
"I won't stop you if you're trying to get yourself killed. However, let me give you a fair warning. Don't show yourself to me again. Otherwise, I'll show you a fate that's worse than death.
"I've been patient with you before because I'm generous enough not to get mad at you. However, my patience has come to an end. If you keep appearing before me, things won't end well for you. That's a promise!"
Eloise was startled by Bonnie's imposing bearing. She was rooted to the spot for a long time.
It took her a while before she came to her senses and looked at Bonnie viciously. "You'll regret this, Bonnie!"
"That's absurd. You're going to regret it, Eloise. Not me." Bonnie looked at her the way she would a clown.
Eloise was infuriated by how nonchalant Bonnie looked. She was so furious that her entire body started quivering with rage.
"Both you and Ivor are going to regret this! I'll make sure you regret treating me this way!"
Bonnie had had it. She couldn't take the lady before her anymore. She grabbed Eloise's collar, used her five-foot-seven height to her advantage, and lifted the latter off the ground.
"I warned you a minute ago, Eloise. Do you think I would've tolerated you for such a long time if it weren't for the connection between the Gallagher family and the Knight family?" When Eloise saw Bonnie's menacing gaze, she felt as if she had been sent to hell.
"L-Let me go now! Let me "
###Chapter 690
Before Eloise could utter the last word, Bonnie brutally flung her to the floor.
"You'd better behave, Eloise!" She then turned around and left.
Eloise felt the strange glances from the people around her and wished she could be on the other end of the earth right now.
'Damn, that Bonnie! How dare she humiliate me?! This isn't the end of it. I'm going to make her pay!'
Back at the Knight Villa, Floyd was counting down the time. He was pacing back and forth, feeling agitated.
"Mr. Sigmund is going to come home from the hospital soon, Mr. Ivor. But we still haven't found a solution for the damaged painting. What do we do?"
He was already picturing how the old man would throw a fit. It gave him goosebumps.
Ivor frowned, a faint layer of worry could be seen in his eyes. "We'll have to tell him the truth. There's no other way."
'I didn't want it to end like this, either. However, this was how things were going now. I simply couldn't figure out a better way to resolve this mess.'
Floyd scratched the back of his head furiously, trying to figure out a way out of this for his master.
"I've said it before, and I'm going to say it again. We could find a fake painting to soothe Mr. Sigmund first. Once we buy ourselves more time, we can think of a way to get it from Ms. Eloise and swap out the fake painting."
Ivor shook his head. "It won't work. Like I said, Grandpa can tell the real painting from a counterfeit."
"Well, what are we going to do, then? I can already imagine how furious Mr. Sigmund will be when he finds out his precious painting was damaged beyond repair!" Floyd's face was plagued with distress. However, getting agitated wouldn't help at all. All they could do now was pray that Sigmund wouldn't be too upset when he found out about the truth.
Just as they were both at their wit's ends, Alfred rushed inside and called out to his master.
"Mr. Ivor... Mr. Ivor..."
Ivor turned around and saw that his butler was covered in sweat. He couldn't help but ask, confused, "What is it? Why are you in such a hurry?"
Alfred patted his chest and gave himself a moment to catch his breath before he said, "S-Someone sent us a painting."
Ivor felt a headache coming on when he heard the word 'painting.' He couldn't help but speak in a gloomy tone. "I'm not in the mood to care about other paintings now. Just put it in the storage." He assumed some family sent them the painting in an attempt to gain favor with them.
Now, all he wanted was Master Kieran's painting because no one else's could get him out of the pickle he was in.
Alfred realized his boss's indifference toward the new painting and got so worked up that he couldn't speak. His face was covered with sweat.
Ivor noticed that there was something unusual about Alfred, and asked again, "What's the matter? Is there anything else?"
Alfred finally said it out loud. "B-But, the guy said it's Master Kieran's painting!"
"Huh?" Ivor trembled. "Are you sure?"
"I have no idea, but that's what the guy said..."
Alfred wasn't particularly well-informed in this area. All he knew was that his boss was looking for Master Kieran's painting. As soon as he got the news that someone sent them the painting, he came rushing to inform his boss about it.
"Show me the painting." Floyd quickly stepped forward, took the painting away from Alfred, and unrolled it.
Ivor cast a glance at it. He was stunned when he saw the tabby cat in the painting.
###Chapter 691
The new painting was exactly the same as the original painting on the wall.
Floyd stared at it for a good while before he asked abruptly, "Do you think Ms. Eloise asked her men to send this painting to us, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor was inspecting the painting's style as well as the signature at the corner. Everything checked out.
From the looks of it, this was indeed Master Kieran's work.
However, he continued to stare at it. Being the perceptive guy that he was, he discovered some anomalies with the painting.
"The stripes on the tabby cat in this painting are a little different from the one Eloise purchased. Moreover, there aren't any signs of age in this one. I believe it was made recently." Floyd was stunned. Then, something occurred to him, and his eyes widened. "C-Could it be that Master Kieran just made this painting for us?"
Ivor pondered it, then shook his head.
"I've only ever known Master Kieran from her reputation, but I've never interacted with her, nor have I seen her in person. Why would she give me her painting for no good reason? "Also, rumor has it that she faded into obscurity after she made a name for herself at three years old. She hadn't appeared before anyone in the world.
"There's another rumor that she has long passed away. Otherwise, she wouldn't have vanished without a trace, just as her reputation was at its peak."
Floyd grumbled, "You said so yourself, Mr. Ivor. It's just a rumor. As we all know, most of the rumors are unfounded.
"There's a chance that Master Kieran is still alive and well. It's just that her passion doesn't lie in painting. She could've dabbled in another career or industry, for all we know."
"It's certainly possible." Ivor walked over to the wall and hung the painting as he spoke.
"In any case, we're out of the pinch now. I want you to keep an ear out for Master Kieran's whereabouts. If you find any useful information, remember to inform me immediately. She has done me a huge favor. intend to thank her in person."
Floyd nodded and said, "Alright, Mr. Ivor."
Half an hour later, Bonnie walked into the living room. The first thing she saw was Ivor, who was sitting on the couch.
The distress in his eyes had vanished. The usual serenity took its place instead. This meant that the issue that had haunted him previously was resolved.
Her lips curled slightly as she walked over.
He heard her footsteps and raised his head. He was stunned when he saw her. "Aren't you supposed to be working in the research institute at this time of day? What are you doing at home?"
She shrugged helplessly. "Your worst fan ever insisted on talking to me in a coffee shop. She wouldn't quit bugging me if I didn't go. I can't even work on my research, for heaven's sake. I didn't have a choice. So, I met up with her."
His eyes narrowed, and the intense coldness in them was unmistakable.
"Did Eloise actually get in touch with you? It looks like she hadn't learned her lesson."
He glanced at Floyd and said, "Floyd-"
Before he could finish his sentence, she cut him off. "What are you doing? She's nothing but a clown. Do you have to make such a big gesture to deal with her? She isn't worth your attention, either." His brows were still knitted tightly, and the coldness in his eyes was still intense.
"You say that, but I can't stand idly by while you are being picked on."
###Chapter 692
Bonnie pressed down on Ivor's shoulder and made him sit.
"No one can ever pick on me. I didn't get mad at her because of the connection between the Gallagher family and yours. So, I didn't want to make the whole thing too awkward. If she's not going to cherish the opportunity I gave her, then I will not tolerate her anymore.
"My patience has reached its limit. If she shows up before me again, then I'll let her know the meaning of regret!"
The coldness in Ivor's eyes faded and was replaced with a tender affection.
"I guess you're right. My concerns are a little redundant. After all, you're a tough cookie. This is nothing but a piece of cake for you. I don't really have to do anything." She pulled a long face on purpose before looking at him solemnly.
"Didn't you promise that you'd tell me everything, big or small? Didn't you also promise that you wouldn't hide anything from me? Now, look where we are. If you're going to keep something as trivial as this from me, then how am I supposed to trust anything you say?"
"I'm sorry." Ivor apologized to her sincerely. "I didn't mean to keep it from you. It's just that you're so busy with your work at the research institute. I didn't want to burden you with my problems. I'm sorry, Bonnie. Will you please stop being mad at me?"
She scoffed gently in response.
"I want you to promise me, then. You can't hide anything from me. It doesn't matter if it's big or small. You have to tell me everything. Can you do it?"
Worried that she might be upset with him, he nodded and agreed to it at once.
"Of course I can, Bonnie. From here on out, I won't hide anything from you again."
"Okay." She nodded, satisfied. "Well, you're quite sincere with your apology. I think I can forgive you."
The moment he heard that she had forgiven him, it felt like a heavy weight had been lifted off his shoulder.
"You're the best, Bonnie."
She gave him a sidelong glance. "You won't get so lucky every time. If you break your promise again, you'll find our conversation very different from the one we're having now." "Gotcha." He smiled at first. Then, something must've occurred to him because his smile faded. “Speaking of, what did Eloise tell you when she met you at the coffee shop?" "Nothing, really." Her tone was so calm that it bordered on indifference. "She asked me to drug your food so you'd sleep with her for a night.”
"How shameless!" He barked.
'It was bad enough that Eloise said something so shameless in front of me, but she also said the same brazen nonsense to Bonnie.
'Poor Bonnie. She's had to listen to such i*** stuff. It could've sullied her kind and beautiful soul.'
"It's okay. Everything's over now. It's certainly not worth it for you to get upset over something so trivial," she said.
Then, she caught the painting out of the corner of her eyes and asked purposefully, “Hmm? What's the matter with this painting?"
Ivor followed her gaze and looked at it. He explained, "Someone sent us this painting earlier. The guy said it's genuinely Master Kieran's work. I checked it out myself. He told the truth. "But, I did find an issue. This painting doesn't seem to have been around for very long. There's a possibility that it was made very recently."
A subtle hint of humor flashed in her eyes. "You truly have some sharp eyes."
Rubbing his chin gently, he mulled it over before saying, "Rumor has it that Master Kieran has moved on to a better place. However, I suspect that she's actually alive and well."
###Chapter 693
Bonnie's lips twitched involuntarily.
'Aren't I living and breathing? How did the rumor get twisted so badly that I've died?'
Ivor noticed that she didn't respond to him, but he wasn't bothered by it.
Instead, he continued to voice his theory, "Then why hasn't she shown herself before the public if she has been living among us? Also, why didn't she make more paintings? This is the odd part I can't get behind."
"What's so strange about that? Perhaps she wanted to do something else later in life. That could be why she didn't make a living off her paintings."
'It's true, though. Painting has always been a hobby for me. Actually add piano, computer science, and the other stuff to the list too. All of those are just hobbies that are meant for my betterment. 'My one and only true passion lies with scientific research.'
It was a casual response, but it managed to draw his attention. "Judging by your tone, you seem to know Master Kieran well."
She responded calmly, "That's not it. I'm just taking a guess. Isn't that what happens most of the time?"
"I guess you have a point." He didn't dwell on what she said. "However, I can't seem to figure out something."
"What is it?"
"I'm not connected to her in any way. So, why would she give me this painting for no good reason?"
She gave him a calm glance and couldn't help but tease him. "Perhaps she admires your excellent looks."
Raising his eyebrows, he asked, "Are you jealous?"
"Do I seem that petty?" She rolled her eyes at him.
"Just admit that you're jealous of her, Bonnie. There's no need to feel shy. I'd totally understand that."
'There he goes with his smart mouth again,' she thought.
"You might be onto something there, though. Master Kieran could've fallen for me for real. This won't do. I can't sell my body for a mere painting. I have to return it to her and tell her that I don't have feelings for her."
'I know how men can be narcissistic sometimes, but I've never seen someone as in love with himself as he is.'
She was so speechless that she could only roll her eyes.
"Don't you need the painting badly now, though? As luck would have it, someone gave it to you in the nick of time. So, you should keep it for yourself. Why send it back to someone who gave it to you in the first place?
"Furthermore, I think she's just trying to establish a connection with the Knight family. That's all. She must've given you a gift, so it'd make it easier for her to talk to your family."
A hint of bewilderment flashed in his eyes. Looking at her, he asked, "How do you know that that's what she planned?"
She continued to make up stories without so much as a flinch. "I'm just taking a wild guess here, but it makes sense. Think of it this way. Master Kieran is the most prestigious traditional master painter within the circle. She's got moxie as well as her pride.
"Even if she did have a thing for you, do you think she would've rashly come between us when she knows I'm your fiancé? How is she different from a lowly homewrecker, then? Do you think someone as prestigious as she would do something like this?"
The more he listened to her, the more it made sense. So, he nodded. "Now that you put it that way, I must've read too much into things."
Pouting her lips, she said, "You did."
"That's enough with this topic." He sat next to her and rested his arm on her shoulder. "Let's think about what we're going to have for dinner instead."
"Dinner? There are a lot of choices here." Putting up her fingers, she started counting. "We've got catfish, lobster rolls..."
She proceeded to name more than a dozen dishes while he wrote all of them down on a note.
He passed her the note and asked, "Is this enough? Do you want more dishes?"
"That'll be enough." She looked at the list of dishes on the note and fell into deep thought.
'It's a good thing the chefs in the villa are good at cooking a small, but delicate portion. There are so many dishes here. We wouldn't have been able to finish them otherwise.'
###Chapter 694
"Alright, then. Stay put. I'm going to ask the chef to make these dishes for dinner."
"Alright."
Ivor stood up and headed to the kitchen.
She watched him as he left. A warm, fuzzy feeling rose within her chest. 'It feels good to be appreciated and valued by my partner.'
The next day, Bonnie had just walked to the gate of Pyralis University when she heard a nervous voice from behind her.
"Bonnie. Hey, Bonnie! Hold on for a second. Wait for me."
She stopped in her tracks and turned around. The first thing she saw was a man carrying a baby racing toward her.
Once he came before her, he wore a big, fat smile on his face.
"Oh, my. I finally found you! Do you know how long the baby and I have been waiting for you?"
She had a sense that the man before her was a little not right in the head. So, she subtly took a couple of steps back.
"Who are you? Why were you waiting for me?"
The man became agitated at once when she didn't recognize him. His face reddened as he smacked his chest and pointed at the baby in his arms.
"It's me, Niko Hicks. I'm your boyfriend, and this is our son. You were pregnant with him for ten months before you gave birth to him! How could you forget about us? I-Is it because we're meeting you here, and you find it humiliating?"
There were a lot of students heading into the university for classes. The moment they heard what Niko said, they stopped for a juicy bit of gossip.
Bonnie saw how a crowd began to gather around her out of the corner of her eyes. Then she looked at the man and the baby in his arms calmly.
"I don't know you, and I certainly didn't get pregnant for ten months and give birth to any child. If you're going to keep defaming me, I'm going to press charges."
Niko clutched his chest and stared at her, seemingly heartbroken.
"It's bad enough you don't want to reconcile with me, but are you seriously this heartless that you'd abandon your own son? Do you have any idea how we had to scrape by ever since you left us? "I have to work during the day and look after our son at night. That's why I'm ridden with illness at such a young age. Our baby son is too young to be skipping meals, but I just can't afford it. That's why he keeps getting sick as well.
"There were a lot of times I thought about giving it all up, but then I would wonder something. Is it possible that you abandoned us because you didn't have a choice back then?
"Then, I'd get to thinking that I have to find you. We have to reunite, support each other, and get through these harrowing times together. Now that I've finally found you, I realize you've been living a wealthy life without caring about me or our son.
'What's worse, you're pretending to not recognize us! N-Never have I thought that you're this heartless!'
Niko spoke with such emotion that it sounded genuine. He looked at Bonnie in a heartbroken manner before glancing at the baby in his arms. Then, he was so devastated that tears fell from his eyes.
His feelings were so strong, and his accusation was so serious, that the surrounding crowd started to have immense sympathy for him and an untamable rage for Bonnie.
"Men don't typically cry unless they're really heartbroken. Bonnie is truly awful for turning him into a sobbing mess."
"Where did she find the strength to abandon her own son? Is her heart made of stone?"
"This is a new low. Nothing she has done in the past holds a candle to this. She's so ruthless. I'm telling you, she has just opened my eyes."
###Chapter 695
Bonnie heard the crowd's muttering. Her lips curled, still unfazed. Then, she folded her arms across her chest and stared at Niko sarcastically.
"I must applaud you for your acting skill. How much did your client pay you for this? I'll make it double... Scratch that, I'll pay you 10 times as she did. Then, I'l send you back to her so you can put up a similar performance to her all day long. What do you think about that?"
Niko looked like he was beside himself with rage. "You're accusing me of putting on an act? I'm a man and I have my pride. That's it, Bonnie. If you humiliate me any further, I'll jump into the Robinson River. You won't be able to see us ever again!"
She giggled in response. Lifting her chin, she gestured in a certain direction.
"Why would you mention somewhere as far as Robinson River? There's a river nearby. Go ahead and jump in it. No one's going to stop you."
He froze where he stood.
'I was just saying it. I was never going to do it. Normally, the ladies would've come over and pacify me when I say something like this.
'I didn't count on this lady being this tough. Isn't she worried about it at all? What am I supposed to do now? Do I seriously have to jump in the river?'
Noticing that Niko wasn't saying anything, she raised her brows and said, "Do it now! Why aren't you jumping into the river? Are you scared? It doesn't take much to make you hesitate. It looks like you aren't that determined to do it, after all."
Before Niko could say anything, the onlookers started chastising Bonnie.
"That's too much, Bonnie! What does it take to make you stop? Are you honestly trying to get them killed?"
"Exactly. He's holding a baby, for heaven's sake. Are you hoping they'll off themselves so you'd be free of responsibilities?"
"How could someone as heartless and ruthless as her exists?"
Realizing that everyone was speaking up for him, Niko couldn't help but get thrilled.
He had to strike the iron while it was still hot. So, he glanced at Bonnie again. At the next moment, he went down on his knees with the baby in his arms.
"I know the last thing you want is to see us here, Bonnie. I'm also aware that you would much rather both of us die so you could get rid of us.
"However, our son is still so young. We're the ones who brought him to this world. We can't just snuff the life out of him like it's nothing. Please, Bonnie. Come back home. "We'll be reunited if you return to our side. I believe we could overcome any obstacle the future might present before us as a family."
Bonnie chuckled. She glanced at Niko the way she would a clown.
Meanwhile, Trina could see Bonnie surrounded by the crowd from a distance.
'I thought my eyes were tricking me earlier. But, it's really her! Why is there such a big crowd around her? What did Bonnie do this time?'
She walked over, patted one of the student's shoulders, and asked, "What just happened? Why's everyone gathered around here?"
This student proceeded to tell Trina everything.
"Are you serious right now?" Trina blinked. At the same time, her chest swelled with great joy.
'At first, I thought Bonnie was Ivor's fiancee. It had haunted me for so long that I couldn't eat or sleep well. It was such a mental torture. I can finally rest easy.
'Now that Bonnie has done something this outrageous, it's impossible that she's the fiancé of the wealthiest man in Pyralis.'
"I saw the whole thing," the other student said. "How could she do something so despicable and downright wicked?"
"Sigh. Aren't you aware that she has already done a lot of outrageous stuff on campus? What's one more?"
###Chapter 696
"I guess you're right. She's so rotten that such things aren't beneath her at all. I really ought to know better."
"Exactly. She's rotten to the core, to begin with. It's not that strange that she pulled off this stunt."
Trina swept her eyes across the place, searching for the best seat to see this debacle. Then, she waved at the student who had been chatting with her. "I need to head over there."
Once she was standing in her desired spot, she pulled out her phone and started recording the moment.
'Hehe... How could I have kept this juicy bit of drama to myself? I have to show it to the entire Shepard family. Let them see just how wicked she is! That way, they'll stop blaming me for what happened to her.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie calmly looked at Niko, who spoke so much that his throat was parched.
"Are you done with your little show? Don't you think it's time for you to leave?"
He realized that she wasn't going to budge at all. However, he had to keep the show going.
So, he said stubbornly, "You might not have wanted to come back to our side, but can you quit humiliating me? You're the one who backed me into the corner. What man would want to expose his ugly history in front of so many people?
"Also, our son is my flesh and blood. Why would I use him for an act?"
A smile formed on Bonnie's face. Raising her eyebrows, she stared at Niko.
"Are you sure the baby is yours?"
"W-What are you trying to say?" A hint of panic traced his face.
It only lasted for a fleeting moment, but Bonnie was perceptive. She caught it and said, "Idiot! Your client has wasted her good money on you."
That stung him a lot. However, he needed to keep up the act. More importantly, he still hadn't gotten the money from his client. So, he could do nothing but swallow his pride. "Bonnie. Honey. How could you..."
"Shut up!" Bonnie squinted and looked at Niko coldly. "It's not going to end well for you if you call me 'honey' one more time. I guarantee it."
She wasn't fierce, but her authoritative tone was enough to overwhelm him. She looked so imposing that he was scared witless.
After a brief pause, she spoke dryly. "Didn't you just claim that the baby belongs to both of us? Let's do a DNA test right now. I'll go with you if he's really my son.
"If the opposite turns out to be true, then you'll have a lot of time to think about how many years you'll be spending in jail for slander and defamation."
The moment she brought up the DNA test, a hint of panic flashed in his eyes again. He quickly shielded the baby in his arms and shook his head at once.
"I-I won't let you do it. That's going to traumatize our baby too much. If he grows up and finds out that his mother insisted on doing a DNA test, I'm sure it's going to do a number on his psyche. I-I'll never allow you to do such a thing."
"You won't even do a simple DNA test. So, how are you going to prove that he's my son? Perhaps you're just a human trafficker, and that poor baby is just some hapless victim that you nabbed somewhere." "I-I'm... Uh..." Niko stammered for a long time, but he failed to explain himself.
Gripping the baby tightly, he prepared himself to run. 'Maybe I should just escape. She's too tough and cunning. I just can't win with her!'
She realized that he was thinking about running away. However, she didn't give him the chance to do it. Taking brisk steps toward him, she leaned close to his face and stared him down.
"Go on! Why aren't you saying anything? Are you worried that everyone knows you're a trafficker? Is that why you didn't dare to say anything else?"
###Chapter 697
Niko was so startled that he shrieked, "Monster. That's what you are, Bonnie. You're a monster! Not only did you abandon us, but you're accusing me of being a trafficker!
"If that's how you're going to be, then I guess I'll just get out of here. Will that satisfy you?"
He held the baby tightly in his arms and was about to tuck his tail and run.
Bonnie reacted swiftly and yanked at his collar. She said sarcastically, "Where do you think you're going? You have yet to tell us the truth. Yet, here you are, thinking about running away. Do you think you could just insult me and get away scot-free?"
"Y-You're so heartless and cruel. I'll just forget that I've ever known you!"
He knew that he couldn't afford to play games with her. Now, he was overwhelmed with panic that he couldn't get away. So he squirmed about while he spoke. However, he simply couldn't break free.
Bonnie scoffed coldly. She was about to say something when she heard an ear-piercing voice.
"Where's Bonnie? I know she studies at this university. Do any of you know where she is?"
Everyone followed the voice and turned their gazes at it. There was a middle-aged couple heading toward them from the side of the road.
The middle-aged women were nothing short of ferocious. She looked so fierce that she could eat anyone alive.
"Hey, she's looking for Bonnie. Is it possible? Is this the start of another juicy bit of gossip?"
The crowd nosily scanned the middle-aged couple from head to toe.
Someone in the crowd shouted loudly, "Bonnie is right here!"
Nobody knew who yelled it out loud. By the time everyone turned their gaze over, the person was gone.
The woman heard it and headed to the center of the crowd. She recognized Bonnie the moment she laid eyes on her. She seemed unable to hold in her rage and charged at Bonnie ferociously. "Bonnie. You b***! You tore my family apart! Just die already, you shameless home wrecker! Die!"
The middle-aged man saw what she was about to do and ran over quickly. Then, he held her by the waist and pulled her back.
"Didn't you promise me that you're just here to see what she looks like, honey? You said you wouldn't make a scene."
"What did you say?" The middle-aged woman sneered. The way she looked at Bonnie suggested that she'd much rather tear the younger woman to pieces.
"You quit your job for this b*** and showed no concern for both of our kids, just so you could spend your days with this home wrecker. We used to be happy, but we're a mess now.
"Let me go. I'm going to teach her a lesson she won't soon forget. Otherwise, I can't let go of this hatred that's burning in my heart."
"That's enough!" The man roared at his wife. Then, he turned his gaze and looked at Bonnie with deep affection.
"I'll take care of my wife, Bonnie. Don't worry about it. I won't let her pick on you."
Bonnie glanced at Niko before she turned her gaze at the middle-aged couple, who seemingly popped out of nowhere. Then the coldness in her eyes intensified. "Geez. Who are you guys?"
The middle-aged woman pointed at her and screamed, "Are you playing chicken now that I caught you? What a b***. You look like a decent girl, too. I can't believe how wicked you are on the inside to commit something so despicable."
Bonnie raised her sharp eyes at the woman. "I dare you to take another shot at me. The moment you do, I'm going to rip off your foul lips."
For a second there, the middle-aged woman was startled. Then she recovered quickly and continued to scream at Bonnie.
"What has the world come to?! Did you hear her, everyone? She's the shameless home wrecker here, and yet she wants to hurt me. I'm the wife here, for crying out loud.
"Does the law mean nothing to you, Bonnie? Also, why isn't someone from the university here? They're the ones who allowed someone so morally corrupt to be their student." "Silence." Bonnie stared at her coldly. Her patience had come to an end.
"I will not! What are you going to do about it, huh? Are you going to bite me? Let's see just how tough you are, you shameless home wrecker!" The middle-aged woman grew cockier by the second.
'Clearly, she's doing this on purpose. She's goading me to hit her. After all, if I did it in front of the crowd at the university gate, word might get out, and I'd certainly make the newspaper headlines tomorrow,' Bonnie thought to herself.
###Chapter 698
Bonnie crossed her arm and regarded the middle-aged woman with nothing but sarcasm.
"If a dog bites me, would I have to bite back? This crazy dog might have rabies for all I know." "W-Who are you calling a crazy dog?" The middle-aged woman's face turned red from rage.
Bonnie responded nonchalantly, "Well. You answered me. So, I guess you're it."
"Why, you little..." The middle-aged woman knew she couldn't win against Bonnie. So, she started to get the onlookers to verbally attack the latter instead.
"Look at me, everyone. I'm just a common housewife, and yet I have to suffer such humiliation! I can't even keep my husband with me.
"I wouldn't even use conditioners that are worth more than a hundred dollars. My intention was to save as much money as possible. That way, maybe my husband would love me more. Little did I know... I can' believe that he..."
All of a sudden, tears started streaming down her cheeks.
As far as the others were concerned, this was the final straw. The onlookers started lobbing insults at Bonnie.
"Bonnie has got a messed up private life. Nothing is beneath her, I guess."
"I have good reasons to believe that she's constantly skipping classes for days because she went away to do some wicked stuff."
"Of course she did. Why would so many people look for her today if she didn't do it?"
Meanwhile, Trina had been recording the entire scene with her phone while he stood at the corner. She almost couldn't hold herself back and burst into laughter. 'Hahaha! This is just phenomenal. Is this my lucky day or something? How is it that I managed to capture not one, but two embarrassing parts of Bonnie's life?
'Now, I've gotten enough footage. I can share it in the family WhatsApp group and show everyone Bonnie's true color.'
She uploaded the video to the family chat group. All it took was a couple of texts from Trina and the entire family went mad.
Normally, the family chat group was silent. However, it was flooded with texts in less than five seconds.
Gresham wrote, "Damn, that Bonnie. She could've spent her time more wisely. Instead, she chooses to dabble in immoral stuff!"
Grant wrote, "This is outrageous! There's a lesson for the young people in our family here. Don't do anything Bonnie would do. Otherwise, you'll be kicked out of the family! Go ahead and become a beggar, for all we care!"
Harold's text read, "It's a good thing we made the wise decision and disowned this bastard much earlier. Otherwise, she would've brought shame to our family right here and now."
Now that the old man mentioned disowning Bonnie, all the Shepards couldn't help but think back to the fact that she was Kieran, the master painter.
'Back then, all of us felt pity that we missed out on someone we could benefit from. However, it was fortunate that Bonnie turned down the offer to rejoin their family. 'Otherwise, we'd be humiliated so greatly that we'd never recover from it.'
Vera sat on the couch while she watched the clip. She couldn't help but sigh. "How is it that Bonnie became worse? Who could've kept her in line, I wonder?
"She has gone ahead and ruined her reputation at such a young age. What's going to happen to her if she keeps going down this path?"
Gresham, who was sitting next to her, uttered coldly, "We've disowned her for a long time. She's not one of the Shepards anymore. So, why do you care about her? So, what if she's actually Kieran herself? She's still the same piece of garbage. No one could've saved her!"
###Chapter 699
Selina was glancing at Bonnie, who was surrounded by the crowd. She was deriving pleasure from the latter's misfortune.
'I heard that something happened to Bonnie. That's why I came all the way here. And, boy, was it even more magnificent to witness the moment with my own eyes.
'If everything goes well, then Pyralis University will expel her very soon. After all, she's just so despicable and morally corrupted.'
At the thought of that, her grin grew wider. Raising her eyes, she looked around and saw someone. Her eyes glinted immediately.
"Hey, Coleman! What brought you here?"
He responded to her nonchalantly, "Yeah."
She realized that he was treating her with the same coldness he did before and bit her lips in frustration.
"Haven't you always thought Bonnie was the best lady around? Well, look at her now. She's shameless and morally corrupt. She doesn't deserve your love at all!" "Shut up!" An uncharacteristic rage filled his face.
She couldn't help but feel like someone stabbed her in the heart when she saw how angry he was.
"Obviously, someone tried to frame her for something she never did." He gave her a cold look, his eyes bearing a warning. "Don't say anything unless you're sure of it." She gnashed her teeth at that, her eyes brimming with anger and resentment.
"The truth lies before you, Coleman. How are you still speaking up for her? Why would these people stir up trouble with her if she hadn't done anything wrong?
"I told you, she's not as pure-hearted and harmless as she seems. Wake up, Coleman. Don't be fooled by her anymore."
"Like I said earlier, Selina, shut up. I know her character very well, and I believe wholeheartedly that she could never do something like this," he said confidently. She clenched her fists in response. She was gnashing her teeth so much that she almost ground them to dust.
"I'm just looking out for you, Coleman, but you never listen to me. Fine, then. Just wait and see. Pyralis University is going to expel Bonnie before you know it!"
He ignored her altogether. Then he walked away because she was too noisy and irritating.
Selina watched as he left. Her face grew grim and was contorted with jealousy. 'Just wait and see. Everyone who has ever placed their faith in Bonnie will regret it after today!'
The middle-aged couple were fighting with each other fiercely. Niko, on the other hand, was holding the crying baby in his arms. He was supposed to leave earlier, but even he joined the duo and lobbed insults at Bonnie.
Meanwhile, Bonnie simply watched on as the three of them continued to put on a show. She was unfazed. Nothing they said could affect her in the least.
Later, the trio's throats were parched from their incessant shouting. Turning around, they saw how unperturbed she was and were furious at that. She was just infuriating.
They knew that this was going nowhere. So, they exchanged subtle glances and decided to switch tracks.
The middle-aged woman took the lead and charged at Bonnie like a mad woman, intending on yanking the latter's hair.
"You tore my family apart, you b***! I'm going to teach you a lesson right here and now!"
Bonnie narrowed her eyes and remained standing where she was. "Come at me. We'll see who's the one teaching a lesson soon."
The middle-aged woman sneered. "Honestly, I've never seen any home wrecker as arrogant as you are. You ruined my family and abandoned your own. Is there nothing beneath you? I'm going to do the world a favor and show you your place!"
###Chapter 700
However, the middle-aged woman had just taken a couple of steps forward when her husband yanked at her hand.
"That's enough! Are you trying to bring more shame to us? Hurry up and come home with me."
Then, he looked at Bonnie guiltily and said, "I'm sorry, Bonnie. I shouldn't have let my wife come all the way here to humiliate you. Don't worry about it, though. I'll take her away and get out of your hair now." The middle-aged woman heard what he said and stomped her foot out of frustration. She was so mad that her face turned red.
"Take me away? You wish! I'm not going to leave until I've taught this b*** a lesson. Let me go, right now!"
Her husband continued to persuade her. "Will you knock it off? We can talk about all of this back home."
"You think I'm a fool and don't know about it, but I do. You're only soothing me for the sake of that b***. You're going to take me back first. Then, the two of you are going to cook up a plot to deal with me! Well, tough. I'm not going to give you the chance."
She began scratching and clawing at her husband. She looked so savage that it perfectly encapsulated what a dog with rabies would look like.
In the end, her husband couldn't stand her anymore and slapped her heavily.
"Didn't you hear me? I said, knock it off! We're going home now. Stop making things hard for Bonnie. I'm going to teach you a lesson if the university expels her because of the mess you made today!" She covered her face and stared at him in disbelief. Then, tears began rolling down her cheeks.
"I-I'm your wife. I-I was there with you when you were at your most miserable! H-How could you slap me because of this b***? Aaaargh! I'm going to make you pay."
The middle-aged woman and her husband started hitting each other, giving rise to a sight that was simply too hard to watch.
Meanwhile, Niko held the baby in his arms and pretended to stop him. "Stop it, you guys. Stop it right now."
The trio's little show was so successful that the onlookers started discussing it more intensely.
"I can't believe he slapped his own wife for Bonnie's sake. This is too much. It isn't a stretch for me to call her a monster."
"Look at him, guys. Bonnie has s*** him so well that he has lost his sanity. What a shameless homewrecker. She has done a lot of harm to a lot of people." "The likes of her should just die off. If they were left to run free in our society, they're going to put more people through hell."
The moment someone made that last comment, the crowd grew infuriated.
"Yeah. Someone as morally corrupt as Bonnie should just die."
"Just die already, Bonnie..."
More voices rose in the air, each of them angrier than the last. Eventually, their voices grew so loud that the top management staff in the university got wind of it. They called for an emergency board meeting to discuss how they were going to move forward with the case revolving around Bonnie.
About ten minutes later, they came up with a conclusion. They had to expel her from the university.
More than half of them agreed with this decision. The other half was still waiting to see how the situation would develop. They couldn't make up their minds just yet. Reece was also a part of this meeting. He smacked the table and stood up to reject the decision.
"I know Ms. Bonnie very well. There's no way she'd do something like this. There must be another side we're not seeing here. We should investigate the matter before we draw a conclusion. Otherwise, we'll have rashly expelled our president."
One of the top management staff stood up and ed to his statement. "The truth lies before us. What's there to investigate? The students saw everything. How are we supposed to command their faith if we don't expel Bonnie?"
Another staff member chimed in, "Furthermore, the majority agreed to expel her. The decision has been made. You should just take a seat, Reece."
Realizing that they were hell-bent on expelling Bonnie, Reece got so worked up that he smacked the table and roared, "I don't care what you guys say, you can't expel Bonnie! If you do, I'll fight against you to my last breath. I'll become your worst enemy!"
###Chapter 701
Adan saw how worked up Reece was and pulled him down. "What's the matter with you? I know you changed your mind about Ms. Bonnie, but you're pitting yourself against many higher-ups and
shareholders. Don't you think that's too much?"
Reece did not know how to explain things to Adan. The former's brows furrowed when he thought of Bonnie's identity as Bonita. Then, he shook Adan's arm off and roared, "You know nothing, Adan! Don't get in my way!"
Adan sighed helplessly and shook his head. "So, it's true. Someone did put a spell on you."
He was not the only one who thought that. All of the higher-ups and professors shared a similar sentiment. Some even thought Bonnie had cloned Reece. Otherwise, he would not have defended her so earnestly.
As everyone else was puzzled, one of the more influential higher-ups said, "Reece isn't in the right mind to be in this meeting. Get him out of here. We will decide what happens once he's gone."
He looked at the security guards at the door and barked, "Escort Reece out of the conference room, please!"
"Understood, sir!" The two security guards entered and stood beside Reece.
The latter stared at the particular higher-up, angry at him for deciding things himself. Reece warned, "I-I assure you that you'll regret this!"
The higher-up ignored his warning and said coldly, "Ms. Bonnie has done enough to the university's reputation. If we allow that clown to continue, she'll drag the university's status down."
"Say what you want, Reece. I won't change my mind about expelling Bonnie from the university."
"Listen here, you-"
Reece was about to argue when he heard a voice behind him, "Who said they'd expel Bonnie?!"
Everyone turned to the voice and saw Russell walking in with his cane. He ran the university for decades and had shown nothing but dedication and integrity. Pyralis University would not be where it was without him.
That was why everyone stood up when they saw him. The higher-up who had been adamant about Bonnie's expulsion approached Russell and said patiently, "Mr. Russell, I know you have high hopes for Ms. Bonnie. I'd love to help you if I could.
"However, the truth lies before us. We can't appease the public if we take Bonnie's side and fail to provide a satisfactory solution."
"The truth?" Russell glanced at him coldly. "Have you investigated things thoroughly? Have you confirmed Bonnie did all those things?"
The professors and higher-ups exchanged glances before lowering their heads. None of them had investigated it thoroughly enough to find the truth.
The particular higher-up fell silent for a while before finally saying, "We might not have investigated anything, but the whole thing is getting out of hand. I believe there's some truth to it. Countless students saw it, too. Allowing Bonnie to stay on campus will have unimaginable repercussions."
Thwack, thwack!
Russell struck the floor with his cane and roared, "How dare you expel the university's president without proper investigation? Do you all honestly think she wields no power? What makes you think she'll let you walk all over her?
"If that's the case, she wouldn't have become the university president! Use your heads and think for once!"
'Ugh! I wish I could tell these idiots about Bonnie's real identity. Then, they'll know just how stupid they sound. How dare they even mention expelling Bonnie?!'
###Chapter 702
'I promised Bonnie I wouldn't tell anyone unless it was an emergency. I can only bear with it,' Russell thought.
The higher-ups, who were adamant about Bonnie's expulsion, remained quiet. They did not know how to respond to Russell.
At that moment, Deandre Pearson, who was on the left of the conference table, said, "Mr. Russell, this isn't the first time Bonnie has done something like this. She has given rise to many scandals, but we've disregarded them.
"This time, the subjects of her scandals are too much to ignore. There are even two groups of people, for Heaven's sake. That's proof that Bonnie's character is questionable, at best. Why else would this trouble keep coming after her?
"If I may, Mr. Russell, do you think someone has so much time to make up the whole thing to defame her?"
Deandre was Selina's uncle. He had held a grudge against Bonnie since she expelled his niece. After finally getting some dirt on Bonnie, he would not let this chance slip through his fingers. "None of you can tell right from wrong! How foolish!" Russell's hand began to tremble as he held his cane. He was furious.
However, Deandre continued, "People like Bonnie are beyond redemption, Mr. Russell. You should save your breath and let us expel her as soon as possible. That way, we'll finally be free of her and her troubles. After all, we've received plenty of complaints from the students."
Russell sighed, trying to suppress his emotions. Even so, he could not bear it. Ultimately, he roared and told them the secret he had kept inside, "I called you foolish, yet you refused to believe me! Would Ms. Bonita have done something so outrageous?! Answer me!"
A pin-drop silence hung over the conference room. Everyone was shocked by Russell's words. The higher-ups, shareholders, and professors' eyes widened in surprise.
'What?! Bonita? Bonnie, the newly promoted university president, is the world-renowned Bonita?!'
'How's that even possible? Bonnie's rise from a student to the president is shocking enough. To think that she's none other than Bonita herself—'
'That's just '
'If Bonnie is Ms. Bonita, why the hell would she enroll in Pyralis University? How are we supposed to believe that?!'
...
Meanwhile, neither Bonnie nor Niko and the middle-aged couple would back down. Things had become increasingly intense between them. At that moment, Avril emerged from the crowd and yelled, "Bonnie, I'm sorry it took me so long!"
Two guys-Toby and Jim-were behind Avril. The trio appeared and stood before Bonnie, keeping her in the middle to protect her. Bonnie felt a wave of warmth in her chest when she realized it. "What are you three doing here?"
Avril explained, "I saw you surrounded by the crowd much earlier, but I was worried I couldn't handle them. I didn't want to worsen things if I came alone, so I thought of getting you some backup." She glanced at Toby and Jim. They were the backups she mentioned.
Jim looked at Bonnie from head to toe and asked worriedly, "Are you okay?"
###Chapter 703
Bonnie nodded and said softly, "I'm fine."
Niko and the middle-aged couple became even more agitated when they saw the trio protecting Bonnie. They pointed at her and said even harsher things.
Avril grew furious when she heard them. "I'm warning you! Keep it civilized, or I'll rip your tongues out!"
The middle-aged woman was the loudest among the trio. She wailed at the top of her lungs, "Hah, did you hear that, everyone?! Not only is that homewrecker cocky, but she's working with her friends to intimidate us and shut us up. They won't tell us the truth. The law means nothing to these people!"
After hearing her words, the onlookers thought Bonnie and her gang were unreasonable.
'It's bad enough that girl stole the poor woman's husband from her, but her gang is threatening to rip that couple's tongues out. What terrible people.'
Once again, the onlookers defended the middle-aged woman.
"Hey, Bonnie, was it? You won't quit until you get these poor people killed, huh? Nothing's worse than morally corrupted people like you."
"You're too much, Bonnie! You and your friends are unreasonable! No wonder you're friends. It seems birds of a feather do flock together."
"I can't stand them anymore. I'll livestream the whole thing and show all of Arvandor just how wicked and loathsome that Bonnie person is." The guy took his phone and prepared to stream everything. However, before he could do that, he heard a rumbling above. He looked up and saw dozens of helicopters flying his way. Then, armored cars pulled over by the roadside. Everyone's jaws dropped, wondering what was happening.
The formation was massive and exaggerated. Some even thought they were dreaming or in the middle of a movie production. Before the crowd could recover from their shock, they saw a team of army men dashing toward them.
The soldiers seized Niko and the middle-aged couple before tossing them into an armored car. Everything happened so quickly that the onlookers were still in a daze. They only regained their senses once the armored cars drove off into the distance.
The guy who intended to livestream the whole thing gulped and tucked away his phone. He trembled and stammered, "Wh-what just happened? D-Did those three come to our university just to cause trouble?" "What kind of question is that?! Even the military got involved. Those three must've committed serious crimes."
"Even so, there's something I can't understand. The military arrived just as those three were picking bones with Bonnie. Did those guys get arrested because of Bonnie?"
"That's outrageous. It would've been much more believable if you said those three blindly accused Bonnie. To say the military got heavily involved because of her is a different story. I don't buy it." "Maybe those troublemakers did commit a heinous crime. Then, they blew it out of proportion at the university, giving their location away to the army. Naturally, the army would arrest them." "Hmm, you're right. That's more plausible."
While the crowd discussed the situation intensely, the higher-ups and professors saw everything that had happened through the conference room window.
###Chapter 704
Initially, the higher-ups and professors did not quite believe Russell when he claimed Bonnie was Bonita. They thought the former university president made it up to protect her. However, after seeing what had happened, they no longer doubted him.
After all, the military would not have sent out that many troops and armored vehicles if Bonnie had not been Bonita. The higher-ups and professors were embarrassed when they remembered how they spoke about Bonnie.
Bonnie was the world-renowned Bonita, a pillar of scientific research. All of Arvandor revered her. She had made considerable contributions to the science world. Someone like her would never do something as wicked as abandoning her husband and son, much less become a homewrecker.
It became evident that someone had crafted an intricate plot to frame Bonnie for something she never did.
After realizing the truth, one of the professors stood up and growled, "Damn it! I can't believe those three dared to slander Ms. Bonnie like that! We must form an investigation team and get to the bottom of this. "We must clear Ms. Bonita's name! All the scientific researchers in Arvandor hold integrity and honesty close to their hearts. We can't stand idly by while such people humiliate Ms. Bonnie."
His words garnered approval from the higher-ups and his fellow professors.
"You're right! We must find out the truth. If we can't clear Ms. Bonita's name, the most prestigious people in Arvandor will stop respecting us."
"Let's form an investigation team now!"
A sense of relief filled Russell's eyes when the others took Bonnie's side.
"It's great that you finally see the truth. I'll leave this matter in your capable hands. Keep Ms. Bonita safe, and don't let anyone pick on her."
Everyone in the conference room responded, "Understood, Mr. Russell!"
"Leave it to us!"
"We'll protect her!"
Meanwhile, Adan stood in a corner. It took him a while to recover from the shocking revelation. Then, he looked at Reece and said, "Damn it. You kept that secret for so long. Why didn't you tell me who Bonnie was earlier?!"
'That explains why Reece kept siding with Bonnie. It's because he knew the truth all along. I would've done the same thing if I had been in his shoes and encountered the earlier incident. I might've been more worked up than he was. After all, Ms. Bonita is the pillar of the scientific world!'
Reece straightened up his collar and rolled his eyes at Adan. "If I told you sooner, you would've competed with me to show Ms. Bonita how capable you are."
'I'm no fool. Of course, I don't intend to let others have the same privilege. Helping Ms. Bonita resembles contributing to Arvandor. I'm proud to do something like that!'
Adan chuckled helplessly. "You're pretty cunning, Reece."
"Not at all. You're just too silly." Reece could not help but feel proud of himself.
"All right, that's enough chit-chat. I have to volunteer to be the first member of the investigation team. I intend to get to the bottom of this and see who's foolish enough to slander Ms. Bonita!"
Meanwhile, the crowd below was still trying to figure out what kind of heinous crime the three troublemakers did.
###Chapter 705
Suddenly, Avril stepped forward and said, "Why are you guys still guessing? They got arrested because they came to the university to frame Bonnie for something she never did. That's how it'll end for anyone falsely accusing her of anything!
"I want everyone to be careful with your words and actions. Don't choose sides and slander innocent people without evidence to support your accusations!"
At that moment, one of her fellow students asked, "Are you sure that's what happened? Bonnie's just a student, so why would the military send so many teams and armored vehicles for her?"
The student asked what was on the other onlookers' minds. Everyone listened, awaiting the answer.
Meanwhile, Avril wondered how she should explain herself. She saw everyone's curious gazes and got worried.
'Oh, man! I should slap myself! I was so caught up that I told everyone the truth about what happened.'
"Uh, well... I mean... Here's the thing... Don't you think those people must've done bad things and offended some big shot? Otherwise, the military wouldn't have sent such a big team to arrest them. A-As for Bonnie, anyone who offends her will regret it!"
"That's it?!" The onlookers shook their heads. They thought Avril said all that because she was gearing up for a big revelation. Ultimately, she tried to make Bonnie look good by creating a story.
Even so, Avril stood up for Bonnie when the others joined in slandering her. After learning the truth, they realized someone had tried to set Bonnie up. Still, the onlookers had verbally attacked Bonnie without first knowing the truth.
Soon after, someone approached Bonnie and apologized, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said such harsh things. Please forgive me."
Now that someone had taken the first step, several more people followed suit.
"Forgive me, Bonnie. I shouldn't have believed what those troublemakers said. Although you skip many classes, it isn't the same as being a homewrecker."
"Yeah, we said terrible things to you without knowing the truth. We should've been more reasonable. I hope you can forgive us."
Bonnie noticed how genuine they looked. She said leisurely, "I can forgive you for verbally attacking me. Still, I hope you understand how powerful words can be. They aren't just things we use to converse. "If misused, they can cut as deep as a knife. We're all adults here, so we must take responsibility for our words and actions. I hope you all think twice before speaking or doing anything next time.
"Don't accuse people without a second thought. Otherwise, you'll meet the same fate as those three troublemakers."
The students were terrified when they recalled the troublemakers' arrest. They nodded and said, "We understand, Bonnie."
"Thanks for the heads up."
"Okay then," Bonnie said, "Hurry up and go to your classes. You shouldn't linger here."
The students nodded and dispersed while Avril watched. Then, she darted to Bonnie and asked, "Who could've been so vicious, Bonnie? I can't believe they sent three actors to make a scene at the gate. It's obvious the culprit is trying to ruin your reputation!"
Someone flashed in Bonnie's mind, but it was merely a guess. Since she could not be sure of it, she shook her head at Avril and said, "I'm not sure right now. I'll have to investigate first."
Avril exclaimed despite herself, "The culprit is an asshole! We must teach them a lesson they won't forget once you discover who they are!"
"Naturally," Bonnie said, determined, "I wouldn't do anything to anyone unless provoked. Now that someone has done that, I'll ensure they suffer more than me."
Avril was about to say something when she heard Bonnie's phone ringing. The former forgot what she wanted to say and told Bonnie, "Your phone's ringing."
"I heard it," Bonnie responded, removing her phone from her pocket.
###Chapter 706
Bonnie raised her brows when she saw Ivor's name on her phone. She answered the call, "I thought you were supposed to be working. How'd you find the time to call me?"
Then, she heard his anger-laden voice, "I called because you didn't tell me something happened on campus!"
"How did you find out?" Bonnie was initially stunned. Soon after, something occurred to her, and she gave Avril a sidelong glance. "Did you tell him?"
Avril stuck out her tongue but remained silent.
'That's a yes to me.'
Bonnie rolled her eyes at Avril and said, "What a blabbermouth."
She looked away from Avril and spoke into the phone, "I didn't need your help for such a trivial matter. I handled it myself."
Ivor's eyes darkened. "You've always been like that, Bonnie. You would rather do everything yourself, no matter what it is. I'm your fiance, which means we're on the same team. Your behavior makes me feel like I'm still an outsider to you."
"Ivor, I don't consider you an outsider. I just figured I could handle it myself. I didn't want to bother you with my problems. That said, I have a hunch who did it. All I have to do now is send someone to investigate and confirm my suspicions."
"Are we thinking about the same person?"
The couple paused before simultaneously uttering the suspect's name, "Eloise."
The timing was perfect, making them giggle. Afterward, Ivor said warmly, "Eloise is after you because of me. Maybe I should handle her instead."
"That won't be necessary," Bonnie rejected it decisively. Then, she squinted, her eyes brimming with coldness. "It's not like I didn't give Eloise a chance. However, she has just crossed a line and exhausted my patience.
"It's time for me to teach her a lesson and show her how it'll end for her because she tried to steal my fiance away!" Bonnie's words made Ivor grin.
He was so full of love that he reminded Floyd of a love-struck high school boy. Ivor looked like he was ready to do naughty things to someone. Floyd was standing beside Ivor when he noticed the look on the latter's face.
Floyd felt goosebumps all over his body and could not resist rubbing his arm, thinking, 'I can't. It's hard for me to look at Mr. Ivor now.'
Ivor did not notice Floyd's expression. The former's voice was as affectionate as he said, "I'll do as you say, then. You can deal with Eloise. I won't butt in."
Floyd heard how affectionate his boss sounded and cringed.
'He's too corny. I can't deal with this anymore.'
"I-I have to deal with something, Mr. Ivor. I need to return to my office now." Floyd made up an excuse and left Ivor's office swiftly.
'It looks like I won't be having lunch today. I've lost my appetite completely.'
Bonnie heard what Ivor said and responded to him before hanging up her phone. Then, she glanced sideways at Jim and said, "I need you to investigate Eloise."
###Chapter 707
Meanwhile, Eloise awaited the good news at her family's villa. At that point, the trio she had sent to Pyralis University should have given her an update, telling her that they had destroyed Bonnie's reputation and gotten her expelled.
However, no one called Eloise to update her. Instead, she discovered that the trio had gotten arrested. She gazed at her phone and watched how the army captured them. Shock and rage overwhelmed her as she tightened her grip on her phone.
'I can't believe how dramatic things turned out! Even the army got involved. That b*** managed to slip through my fingers again!'
Eloise panted in anger at the thought. She felt like she could explode at any moment, clutching her chest and panting heavily. Ultimately, Eloise failed to calm down and shot up from her bed. She then grabbed an from the table and smashed it on the floor.
"Useless piece of shit! They're all worthless! I can't believe I spent so much money hiring them! Bonnie, you b***! Just die already, you fucker! Die, die, die!" Eloise proceeded to smash more things. Crash! Clang!
The sounds of s breaking echoed throughout her room. Afterward, she finally calmed down and cleared her head to think about the army arresting the people she had hired.
'It's strange. The whole thing was blown out of proportion, but it wasn't too big a deal. The military shouldn't have shown up. Did they intervene for Bonnie?'
However, that notion quickly disappeared.
'That's impossible! Bonnie's just a student, and the unremarkable Shepards even disowned her. She's also just a country bumpkin. Why would the military deploy its troops for someone like her? It must be something else.'
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. Then, Eloise heard her mom yelling, "Dinner's ready! You can come out now!"
"Coming, Mom! Go on downstairs without me. I'll be there in a second." Eloise did not want her mother to see the mess in her room, or she would get an earful.
"Be quick! You're going shopping with me after dinner. I don't want you to be holed up in your room all day." Sharron looked at the closed door and sighed helplessly.
'Eloise has changed since Bonnie showed her up. Her temper has worsened, and she spends all day in her room. Eloise rarely even leaves the villa. If she keeps this up, I fear she'll ruin herself.
'I can't understand it. I've seen Bonnie-she has nothing over Eloise besides her looks. Why did Ivor insist on choosing Bonnie instead of my daughter?'
As the Gallaghers had dinner, they suddenly heard a helicopter outside.
Whir!
Chester put down his cutlery and looked out the window. He frowned when the sound approached. "Is someone flying a helicopter to our villa? How can they be so clueless? Come on, let's check it out."
###Chapter 708
Sharron stood up and said, "I'll come too."
Before the family knew it, they heard someone kicking in their front door. Immediately after, about a hundred men in army uniforms entered their villa and gathered in their living room. Sharron paled and hid behind Chester. "Wh-what are they doing here, honey? Why would they barge into our home?"
Chester felt intimidated. Still, he was the man of the house. So, he quickly calmed himself and soothed his wife, patting her hand and saying, "Stay calm. I'll ask them why they're here." Sharron nodded and said tremblingly, "Okay."
Chester patted her hand again before approaching one of the army men. "Excuse me, why did you barge into my home without warning? We've done nothing wrong, either. Don't you think you owe us an explanation?"
"Mr. Chester, do you honestly think the army would show up at your doorstep if no one in your family committed a crime?"
Chester heard Jim's deep voice before turning to look at him. The latter wore combat boots as he emerged from behind the army men.
"M-Master Jim?!" Chester was shocked when he saw Jim. A profound sense of fear and respect rose in the former's chest as he stammered, "P-Please be straight with me, Master Jim. What did my family do for the army to barge in here?"
Jim swept his imposing gaze across the living room and saw Eloise. He said, "Maybe you should ask her."
He stepped toward Eloise forebodingly and said, "I'll need you to come with us, Eloise."
Eloise's heart dropped as she staggered backward and hid behind her father. "Th-there must be a misunderstanding. I've been home for the past few weeks. I couldn't have committed any crimes. Wh-what makes you think you can arrest me?"
Although Chester might have been mad at his daughter for not living up to her potential, he still chose her side when something this big happened. "She's right, Master Jim. My daughter has been home and rarely leaves the house.
"She couldn't have done anything. You should check in with your superiors again to see if you have the wrong girl."
Even Sharron stepped forward to defend her daughter, "Eloise is a frail and delicate lady. What kind of crime could she have committed? I'm sure you've made a mistake."
At that moment, Jim assumed an imposing demeanor. "I'm telling you I'm taking her away. There is no negotiation."
Then, he glared daggers at Eloise. "Final warning, Eloise. I'll take you away by force if you don't cooperate."
Eloise felt intimidated by his glare. She began to tremble and hunch in fear. "Th-that's outrageous! How will I know what'll happen once you take me away? I refuse to cooperate! I-I'm not going anywhere!" "Pardon me, then." Jim strode toward her so quickly that it shocked her.
Immediately after, she tried to escape. Before she could put her thoughts into action, Jim grabbed and twisted her arms to her back, pinning her down.
###Chapter 709
A loud thud sounded, and the next thing Eloise knew, her face was on the coffee table. At that moment, an excruciating pain shot up her wrists and cheeks.
Jim had pinned her down in the most humiliating way. She had never felt such embarrassment. Then, tears welled in her eyes as she looked at her parents. She pleaded with them in a choked-up voice, "Mom! Dad! Help me! I don't want him to take me away!"
Sharron began to cry when she saw how poorly her daughter was treated. Although the former was frightened, she mustered up the courage to look at Jim and asked, "Don't you think you should give us a reason for arresting my daughter?
"You army buddies barged into my home and are taking my daughter away for no good reason. If this gets out, it'll ruin your reputation."
Chester added, "Master Jim, I know you command massive respect within the army. Still, my daughter didn't commit any crimes. It's unreasonable for you to arrest her."
Jim glanced at Eloise sidelong. "Tell them what you did today, Eloise."
Something flashed in her mind, but she immediately dismissed it. "I've been home all day and did nothing wrong! You might be a part of the army, but you can't accuse me without evidence! I'll never admit to something I never did. You won't intimidate me that easily!"
Jim sneered, "Fine. If you don't say it, I will. You hired some people to frame Bonnie for something she didn't do. You've committed a serious crime of slander by doing that. I'm exercising my right as the army leader. I'll make you confess your crime!"
"B-Bonnie?" Eloise was stunned. Suddenly, she remembered the video she had watched earlier. She recalled the army arresting the people she had hired to slander Bonnie.
'I thought the army would never deploy so many troops and armored vehicles for someone like Bonnie. Now, the army has barged into my home for Bonnie's sake. Worse, they're arresting me as well!
'I thought Bonnie was just a regular student. Even so, the Shepards are an average family among the countless families in Pyralis. Bonnie's no one special, so why would so many army men help her? Eloise could not understand how Bonnie could possess such a powerful influence. Eloise questioned Bonnie's background.
"That's right. It's Bonnie," Jim said firmly. Then, he gestured at a nearby soldier. "Take her away."
"Copy that, sir." Two soldiers grabbed Eloise on either side before dragging her away.
Chester and Sharron tried to stop them, but Jim stood in their way instead. "Sir, Ma'am, please stop. It's about your daughter's actions, so we're only here for her. However, if you two insist on getting in our way, we'll consider it an offense. If that's the case, we must punish your whole family."
Chester and Sharon froze at the blatant threat. None of them dared to move a muscle. They could only watch as the soldiers dragged their daughter away.
Jim glanced at them coldly before ordering the soldiers around him, "Let's move."
"Understood, sir!" The soldiers marched out of the villa, leaving Chester and Sharon in the living room.
###Chapter 710
Bonnie sat in the lecture hall and opened the file on her table. After reading several pages, she saw Jim from the corner of her eyes. He disguised himself as a security guard and stood at the door. Once he noticed her looking at him, he gestured for her to go outside. Bonnie nodded and closed the file. Meanwhile, some of her fellow students saw her leaving. They could not help but mutter to each other. "That security guard seems to be hanging out with Bonnie a lot. Do you guys think there's something funny happening between them?"
The student's friend glared at him and scolded, "Hush! Keep your voice down."
"What's wrong? Why are you so worked up? I was just speaking my thoughts."
"Do you ever use your head? You saw what happened to those three troublemakers earlier. They were arrested for slandering Bonnie. Many others had crossed her, too, and things never ended well for them. "It happened to Trina and Eliose. How are you still spouting nonsense? Are you trying to get yourself in trouble, too?"
The student was frightened when he heard what his friend said. Then, he quickly covered his mouth.
At that moment, one of the students stared at Jim as the latter left. The former said, "Hey, guys, look at that security guard. I know he's wearing a mask, but don't you think his stature and hair remind you of someone?"
This particular student was a fan of Jim's. The former had read every piece of information about Jim on the internet. The more he looked at the security guard, the more he thought the person resembled Jim. "Did you guys see that? That guard's overall impression is so similar to Master Jim." The student glanced at his two friends, hoping they thought similarly.
However, his friends looked at him disdainfully. One asked, "Why would someone as famous as Master Jim work as a campus security guard? You must be blind or something."
"Yeah, you could've said that guard looked like anyone else, but you had to say he looked like Master Jim. You should make an appointment with your optometrist."
The student glanced at Jim again and scratched his head, grumbling, "But I honestly think that's him."
Meanwhile, Jim told Bonnie about Eloise's status, "We've put her behind bars. Do you want to interrogate her yourself?"
Bonnie waved and responded, "That won't be necessary. Just send a lawyer to handle it. Eloise has crossed the line one too many times. She has tried to steal Ivor from me on several occasions. It's time to le her reap what she sowed."
Jim nodded. "Understood. I'll see that it's done."
Chester used his connections and talked to many people. Finally, he secured a chance to visit his daughter in prison. When Chester and Sharron arrived, they noticed how pale Eloise looked. Chester felt heartbroken and enraged.
"Goodness, Eloise. How can you be so foolish?! You could hire people to do whatever you want, but you didn't have to send people to cause trouble at Pyralis University. The whole mess cast a terrible light on the university. I'm willing to believe someone from the university informed the military to arrest you."
Eloise shook her head as tears rolled down her cheeks. "I didn't do it! You have to get me out of here! Please, Mom and Dad!"
###Chapter 711
Sharron did not expect things to escalate to this point. The heartache the former once felt toward her daughter turned into blame. "You still refuse to admit your mistake? You've disappointed me, Eloise." Eloise cried and repeated, "It wasn't me, Mom! I swear it wasn't!"
Chester's expression darkened when he heard his daughter's cries. He stared at her and said, "Yeah, it wasn't your doing."
Sharron was stunned as she turned to look at her husband. Puzzled, she said, "Honey, we know what happened. Why are you defending her?"
"I'm not. It's just that Eloise must deny it, no matter what. She mustn't admit to it," Chester explained. He turned to his daughter and asked, "I know you well. You never leave evidence behind whenever you do such things.
"They can't do anything if you don't admit it. Now, how much did you pay those three people? I'll figure something out for you."
Eloise noticed her father being supportive. She stopped hiding things and said, "Half a million."
Chester frowned when he heard that. "They were just three people. Why'd you pay them so much?"
Eloise felt guilty as she nervously confessed to her father, "It was risky. If the payment were too low, they wouldn't have agreed to do it. I had no choice, Dad."
"You were too desperate, Eloise! It would've been fine if you were successful, but look where you are now. How much do we have to spend to fix this?" Chester complained.
Even so, he devised a solution, "I'll give them an additional half a million, but only if they take the blame and claim it was all their fault. That way, even the military can't do anything to you."
Chester felt like he was bleeding money. However, it would be worth it if he could get his precious daughter out of prison. After all, she understood her mistakes. Normally, Chester always scolded Eloise because of Ivor's affairs.
Initially, Eloise thought her father would abandon her when she got arrested. She never expected him to be willing to help her.
She felt moved as she looked at her father tearfully, saying, "Thanks, Dad. After this, I'll stay home and learn to manage the company from you. I'll never do something this foolish again."
Chester felt relieved. He believed having her return as a sensible daughter was worth much more than a million dollars. "It's good that you've learned your lesson. Only your family will treat you this well. "Everyone else is nothing. When you return home, focus on managing the business and stop thinking about Ivor. Do you understand?"
Eloise had loved Ivor for so long and even provoked Bonnie multiple times. Eloise would have made fewer mistakes if she could have given up on Ivor. However, she pretended to regret her mistakes to appease her father and make him willing to help.
###Chapter 712
"I understand, Dad. I'll listen to you and Mom from now on." Eloise then remembered what her father said earlier. She asked innocently, "Dad, when will you pay those guys to take the blame for me? I can't stand this awful place for another minute."
Chester was about to answer when he heard a voice from behind, "They wouldn't dare admit to this crime even if you paid them a billion bucks."
Chester, Eloise, and Sharron frowned and turned toward the voice to see Sienna approaching.
Eloise asked, "Why are you here? Did you hear us?"
Sienna crossed her arms and looked at her coldly. "Yeah, I heard everything."
Sharron ran up to Sienna and said anxiously, "Could you not tell anyone about what you heard for the sake of your friendship with Eloise? She was just blinded by love and made a foolish mistake. "Eloise isn't a bad person. Give her a chance to change. We'll discipline her once she's out of here."
Sienna rolled her eyes at Sharron. "Not a bad person? Slandering someone to ruin their life isn't a bad thing, huh? If that's not bad, what is?"
Eloise and the others sneered. The former never expected Sienna to be so direct and hit her soft spot. Eloise's eyes reddened, but she quickly adjusted her emotions and appealed, "Sienna, this is crucial to me. If you tell anyone what we said, my life will be over.
"Please give me a chance to change. Don't tell anyone what you heard. I beg you."
Sienna glanced at her disdainfully. "Whether or not I tell on you is irrelevant. I told you they wouldn't dare admit to this crime even if you paid them a billion dollars. You did this, so you bear the consequences. No one can help you."
Her words stunned the trio. Soon after, Eloise gulped and asked, "Wh-what do you mean?"
Meanwhile, Chester sensed something and frowned. "Sienna, if you know something, say it. Don't beat around the bush. Eloise is our only daughter, so we must handle this situation properly, or we'll feel ashamed as parents."
Sienna was about to answer. However, she decided against it and said, "Stop questioning me. You'll find out soon, anyway. When you go to court, the judge will give you the answer."
She thought of something and muttered, "Forget it. I'll just tell you. It doesn't count as breaking my promise to her since you'll soon find out anyway."
###Chapter 713
Eloise stared at Sienna, perplexed. The former asked, "What are you talking about? Can't you be clearer?"
Sienna looked at Eloise with a hint of sympathy in her eyes. "Do you know why Jim led a team to arrest you? You must be wondering why there was such a huge commotion." Eloise was still confused, asking, "So what?"
Sienna shook her head. "You're usually so clever, Eloise. Your grades were even better than mine in college. Can't you see such an obvious answer?"
Eloise already had a guess but dismissed it because she thought it was impossible. After hearing Sienna's remarks, Eloise's prior speculation intensified.
'Is it true? Is it just as I thought? Is Bonnie-"
Eloise paled as she clenched her fists. Meanwhile, Sienna noticed her former friend's reaction. The former raised her brow and said, "It seems you already know the answer."
Although Eloise had only speculated, Sienna's remarks validated her suspicions. The former's expression grew paler as her thoughts swirled. Finally, Eloise muttered, "How can that be? No, that's impossible. There must be a mistake. She deceived everyone!"
"You say it's impossible, but that's just your impression of Bonnie. If she isn't, why would Jim lead a team to arrest you after what you did to her?
"Also, Ivor has always admired excellence and someone who can stand with him as his equal. Ivor wouldn't have fallen for her if Bonnie wasn't who she was. He's no fool, y'know."
Eloise's lips twitched, but she could not speak. The person she had always looked down on and hated had an unattainable status. Of course, Eloise could not accept it.
Sienna looked at Eloise and continued, "That's why I said your people won't take the blame for you no matter how much you pay them. After all, no one would dare slander Ms. Bonita." 'M-Ms. Bonita?!'
Chester and Sharron became wide-eyed and pale.
'Our daughter offended Ms. Bonita?! That's ridiculous! Why did it turn out like this?!'
Eloise's jaw hit the floor as she began to sweat. She trembled violently, finally understanding what Sienna's previous warning meant.
Eloise thought Sienna had refrained from acting against Bonnie because of her strict upbringing. However, Sienna's reason for not confronting Bonnie and instead protecting her became apparent. That was because Bonnie was Ms. Bonita.
###Chapter 714
'I was wrong from the start. I made a considerable mistake!' Eloise thought.
Chester regained his senses and looked at Sienna for a solution. He pleaded, "Please help my daughter. I'll pay you however much you want."
Sharron also looked at Sienna with eager eyes. "Sienna, I know you have a way to save my daughter. Please help her. She's my only daughter. I can't continue living if she stays in prison!"
Eloise gradually regained her senses from extreme fear. She looked at Sienna pleadingly and said, "S-Sienna, please help me. I realize what I've done and won't dare to do it again!"
Sienna remained silent as she looked at her crying friend. The former looked at Eloise for a long while before finally saying, "Ms. Bonita is the pride of Arvandor's scientific research community, yet you hired people to slander her.
"You've gone too far. Do you think there's room for negotiation in this matter? Even if Bonnie forgave you, the country wouldn't."
Eloise and her parents' expressions grew paler. Ultimately, the trio fell to their knees and muttered, "It's over."
Meanwhile, a limited edition Maybach sped along the bustling road. Sitting in the back seat, Ivor said sternly, "Floyd, turn at the next corner and head back."
Floyd was puzzled, asking, "Mr. Ivor, that road doesn't lead back to the villa. Do you have other private matters to attend to?"
"Mhm," Ivor responded briefly with a hint of darkness in his eyes, "Head to the Gallaghers' residence."
When he mentioned the Gallaghers, Floyd instantly understood his boss's purpose in going there. Floyd did not question it and simply did as Ivor said. "You got it, boss."
Chester and Sharron got home, looking exhausted. When they lifted their heads, they saw Ivor leaning against his car.
Chester paused with a sense of foreboding in his heart. After taking a deep breath, he stiffly approached Ivor and asked, "What brings you here?"
Ivor stood upright and gazed at Chester coldly. "Mr. Chester, I believe you already know why I'm here. There's no need to ask such a question, right?"
Chester clenched his fists and then relaxed after a heavy sigh. "Just say it. What do you want us to do after what happened with Bonnie?"
Ivor did not beat around the bush. He said, "Considering our families' long-standing friendship, I don't want to handle it too harshly. So, I won't touch what your family owns. However, you must all leave Pyralis and promise me you'll never contact Bonnie again."
Chester had guessed that Ivor was here to help Bonnie. Still, the former did not expect Ivor to tell the whole family to leave Pyralis.
"But, Ivor, my family has lived in Pyralis for generations. If we "
Before he could finish, Ivor interrupted.
###Chapter 715
"Chester, I'm here to inform you, not negotiate. You have no room for bargaining. You either break ties with my family or leave Pyralis. It's your choice." Ivor sounded calm, but Chester still felt his coldness. Although the latter felt scared, he gathered the courage to plead with Ivor, "Can you give us another chance? We'll discipline Eloise properly this time and prevent her from doing such reckless things again." "I thought I gave you a chance before. You didn't cherish it," Ivor said, "Again, do you want to break ties with my family or leave Pyralis? If you choose the former, I'll make it happen now."
If not for the long-standing friendship of the Gallagher and Knight families, Chester would probably have bankrupted his family by now. However, Ivor offered Chester a choice, which was merciful enough. Chester looked into Ivor's cold eyes and knew he could not negotiate. Soon after, the former sighed and lowered his head in defeat. "Give us three days, Ivor. We'll pack up and leave as soon as possible." Ivor responded, "I hope you keep your word. If you and your family fail to do what I asked, I will take action."
Chester sighed again, looking resigned. "Rest assured, I will keep my word."
"Hmm," Ivor hummed and returned to his Maybach. "Floyd, let's head back." "Right away, boss."
Sharron began to cry as she watched the car leave her sight. "It's over for our family!"
Chester heard his wife's sobbing voice, and a profound helplessness filled his eyes. "Since things have turned out this way, we should pack and leave. We need to find a new place to settle down." "What about Eloise? We can't just abandon her," Sharron's voice was hoarse, and the thought of her daughter being in prison made her cry even more violently.
"She's an adult, and it's time she pays for her actions. She will never realize her mistakes if we don't let her suffer." Chester was bitter. "Of course, I won't abandon my daughter. Let's settle somewhere else first. We'll return to pick her up when she finally leaves prison."
Sharron wiped her tears and agreed hoarsely, "Okay, honey."
That afternoon, Bonnie returned to the villa and saw Ivor setting dishes on the table. "What's all this? Are the housekeepers on leave today? You didn't have to bring these dishes out?"
"No, I just happened to have spare time, so I wanted to get the food on the table quickly and eat with you when you return." Ivor put down the dishes and pulled Bonnie to her chair. "Your timing is impeccable, Bonnie. You returned as I was about to finish setting the table."
Bonnie replied smilingly, "I know how good you are to me. Still, you don't need to show it to me like this."
"Why not? I want you to know that I love you, no matter how big or small my actions." Ivor looked at Bonnie affectionately.
However, the latter rolled her eyes and said, "It's strange. I'd feel uncomfortable if you didn't flirt for a day."
###Chapter 716
Although Bonnie said that, Ivor's words caused her to blush a little.
Ivor smiled shamelessly and peeled a lobster claw for Bonnie before putting it on her plate. "I just imported this lobster from Aresstin this morning. The meat is tender and delicious. See if it suits your taste." Bonnie took a bite and praised, "Yeah, the meat is fresh!"
"You can have more if you want. I'll peel the rest for you." Ivor continued to peel the lobster for Bonnie. Before she knew it, a pile of lobster meat was on her plate. Meanwhile, Ivor's plate remained empty. Bonnie noticed it and placed half her lobster meat onto his plate. "Don't just feed me. You should have some, too."
"I'm fine. I'll eat once you're full." Ivor liked doing things like these for Bonnie. Although it was trivial, seeing Bonnie eat made him feel content.
"Don't be like that, Ivor. Let's eat together, or I'll get annoyed." Bonnie put on a stern expression and glanced at Ivor's plate, signaling him to eat.
"Okay, if my honey wants me to eat, I'll eat. I know you care about me. You always remember to share food with me."
Bonnie did not understand the connection to caring. However, she did not dwell on it since Ivor had interpreted it that way. After all, she had grown accustomed to his behavior. "Whatever you say, Ivor. Come on, let's eat."
"All right." Ivor lowered his head and ate the lobster, occasionally glancing at Bonnie. The overwhelming tenderness in his eyes overflowed at that moment.
On the other hand, Bonnie continued to eat her meal casually. She had long grown immune to his gaze because Ivor often looked at her that way. Of course, she still felt delighted.
The butler watched the couple eating together and could not help but smile. He muttered, "Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie have such an excellent relationship."
A housekeeper added, "Yeah, I've never seen Mr. Ivor smile like that. He seems to smile a lot more since Ms. Bonnie came. He's more cheerful, too."
Another housekeeper said, "You're right. Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie are a match made in heaven. I believe they will always be happy."
Although the couple only enjoyed a meal together, their happiness and sweetness could make one envy them. The butler and housekeepers felt blessed to witness such a thing.
After all, the housekeepers and butler would have better days with Bonnie and Ivor, who have such an excellent relationship.
After eating, Bonnie returned to her room to organize some documents. Suddenly, her phone rang, and she picked it up. She saw Jim's name and muttered, "Why's he calling me? I wonder if something happened with Eloise."
###Chapter 717
Jim's voice sounded through Bonnie's phone, "There's been a small issue with the Gallaghers."
"Can they still bounce back from what happened?" Bonnie raised her brows in surprise, wondering how stubborn the family could be.
"It's not what you think," Jim explained, "Chester suddenly sold Gallagher Group's shares and listed his properties for auction through a real estate company. According to the information I received, the Gallaghers plan to leave Pyralis. No one knows where they're going, either."
Bonnie thought of someone and smiled helplessly, saying, "I know who's behind that. You don't need to worry about it, Jim. If the Gallaghers want to leave, let them."
Jim also vaguely realized something. "All right, then."
After hanging up the phone, Bonnie went to Ivor's study and knocked on the door.
Knock, knock.
Immediately after, an attractive voice sounded, "Come in."
When Bonnie opened the door, she saw Ivor sitting at his desk. He looked up, and an indescribable joy filled his eyes. "Honey, what are you doing here? Do you miss me already? I get it. You don't want to be away from me even for a moment."
'Gosh, he always spouts such nonsense whenever he sees me.'
Bonnie rolled her eyes and sat opposite Ivor. "Stop it. I have something to ask you."
Ivor noticed her expression and asked solemnly, "What is it?"
"Are you the reason the Gallaghers are leaving Pyralis?"
"You're well-informed, Honey. How'd you find out so quickly?"
Bonnie heard his response and knew he was behind it. She said, "You didn't need to do that. Eloise was the one who crossed me. Punishing her alone should be enough. There's no need to involve her whole family."
Ivor stood up and went to hold Bonnie's hand, saying, "Dealing with Eloise was your idea, but I thought the Gallaghers should be accountable, too. That's why I took action without your consent. You won't blame me for that, will you?"
Bonnie could not help but smile. "There's nothing to blame you for. I just think it was unnecessary. Still, you already did it."
She only came to Ivor's office to confirm that he got involved, not to convince him otherwise.
"Oh, that's fine, then." Ivor relaxed. Then, he thought of something and held Bonnie's hand tighter, saying, "Did you tolerate Eloise for so long because of my family's long-standing friendship with the Gallaghers? You only acted now because you didn't want to put me in a tough spot, huh?"
Bonnie nodded, not denying it. "Mostly, yes."
She would not have tolerated Eloise's antics for so long if it were not for that. With Bonnie's temper, Eloise would have been in prison long ago.
Even so, Bonnie's answer softened Ivor's heart completely.
###Chapter 718
"Bonnie, I'm delighted you're considerate of me, but you shouldn't make such sacrifices, even for me. I'd rather endure my pain alone than watch you suffer. Promise me that you won't hesitate to do what you want if you encounter any issues concerning me."
Ivor's sincere words filled Bonnie's heart with warmth. She smiled and held his hand protectively. "I understand. Don't worry. I'll never put myself in harm's way without reason."
"That's good." Ivor stared at her and then kissed her red lips.
Bonnie blushed when she felt his lips on hers. She looked more attractive then, and Ivor could not control himself. He kissed her cheek, released her hand, and stepped back, saying, "Uh, you should return to your room first. I'll stay here and calm down."
Bonnie noticed something and glanced at Ivor's lower half. Seeing his expected response, she smiled and said, "Since you can't control yourself, should I give you several shots to keep you from having improper thoughts?"
That was the second time Bonnie had said something like that. Ivor feared she might do it and numb his feelings. He said, "Honey, you shouldn't joke about such things. Any man would feel impulsive when he's with the person he loves. If not, it means he doesn't love her enough."
Bonnie noticed his nervousness, and her smile became more pronounced. She reassured him with a laugh, saying, "Fine, I was just kidding. I'll leave now."
Ivor sighed in relief and smiled helplessly.
The following day, Bonnie went to the research institute and saw Toby running to her with a report. "Ms. Bonita, there's some data here that I don't quite understand. Can you help me?"
Bonnie glanced at the report and concluded, "There are two errors here, and the distribution map is incorrect, too."
"Wait, what? How's that possible?" Toby's eyes widened in shock. "I painstakingly prepared this data. How did I make mistakes?"
'I've worked hard on this for so long, yet I still made mistakes. Gah, I can't accept it!'
"Don't worry too much." Bonnie did not want to discuss it in the hallway, so she walked ahead and said, "Let's go to my office. I'll point out your mistakes and redraw the distribution map for you. Then, you can see where you went wrong."
"Thank you so much, Ms. Bonita!" Toby was eager to learn, so he followed Bonnie with his report.
When they reached the office, Bonnie took Toby's report and outlined his mistakes in just a few seconds before redrawing his distribution map.
After seeing the new map, Toby felt enlightened. "So I missed a step, causing the data to deviate. I asked several professors for help, but even they couldn't find the problem. Of course, you saw it at a glance. You're amazing, as always, Ms. Bonita!"
###Chapter 719
Bonnie said smilingly, "It's just a small matter. No need to take it so seriously."
Toby scratched his head and said, "Being your assistant is a genuine honor, Ms. Bonita."
Bonnie raised her brows at him. "Don't you think you're overdoing it with the flattery today?"
Toby chuckled. "It isn't flattery if it's genuine, right?"
Bonnie smiled helplessly and waved. "You realize you made a mistake in your experiment procedure today, right? Go and redo it. Don't repeat the same mistake, okay?"
"Okay, I'll do that right away." Toby nodded and left Bonnie's office.
Pyralis University's students would be shocked if they saw Toby behaving so sheepishly. After all, Toby, the campus hottie, was typically quiet and reserved. He would never flatter anyone, but he showed that side of him to Bonnie.
Bonnie withdrew her gaze from him and was about to put on her hazmat suit to enter the laboratory. However, her phone rang, and she noticed it was a call from Xavier.
"Xavier, what's wrong?"
Xavier's hearty voice sounded through the phone, "There's nothing wrong, Ms. Bonita."
Bonnie chuckled but did not tease him.
After not hearing a response from her, Xavier added, "I'm calling to congratulate you in advance."
"You're congratulating me? For what?" Bonnie pondered with a hint of confusion in her eyes. I don't recall achieving anything recently."
Xavier's cheerful voice echoed, "I heard you've been progressing tremendously in your research on the upgraded nanomaterials. Success is just a matter of time with your capabilities. That's why I called to congratulate you in advance."
Bonnie knew Xavier called about the upgraded nanomaterials. Although she did not directly mention it, she asked, "Every cloud has a silver lining. There must be more to your call than this, right?" Xavier responded, "You've misunderstood, Ms. Bonita. I called you to express my care and concern for you."
"Oh, is that so?" Bonnie smirked and said, "I thought you wanted to cooperate with my latest research."
Xavier chuckled awkwardly. "It seems nothing can escape you. Now that you mentioned it, is there a chance for my family to strive for this cooperation?"
He knew the possibility of Bonnie agreeing to cooperate with him was slim. Considering her relationship with Ivor, she would prioritize the Knights over the Sheffyns.
Instead of answering his question, Bonnie asked, "Do you think you stand a chance?"
Xavier smiled and analyzed, "I think my chances are slim. After all, I've considered your relationship with Mr. Ivor. You wouldn't choose me over me, would you?" That question was an analysis and a test.
###Chapter 720
Xavier thought, 'Ms. Bonita's thoughts are unreadable, but I'll strive for an opportunity to work with her, even if it's only a one percent chance of success.'
Bonnie leaned into her office chair and casually replied, "You're mistaken. I don't intend to cooperate with the Knights this time."
Her answer piqued Xavier's interest. "You're not choosing the Knights?"
"That's right."
Xavier was shocked as he asked, "Would you mind telling me which company you intend to cooperate with, then?"
Bonnie replied, "Tang Fusion Studios."
Xavier was surprised and enlightened when he heard that. Ultimately, his emotions turned into envy as he said, "So, you're planning to cooperate with Mr. Hamish."
"That is correct."
"Of course, your relationship with Mr. Hamish is excellent. It even makes others jealous. It seems I can only watch from the sidelines again this time," Xavier sounded quite regretful.
Bonnie shrugged. Her choice to cooperate with Tang Fusion Studios was not because of her relationship with Hamish but because the company belonged to her. Since she had given the last cooperation to the Knights, she naturally wanted to give her company a chance.
Bonnie thought she should benefit herself and her people this time instead of giving it to others.
"There's nothing wrong with that. Still, I hope you're not too sad, Xavier. I heard your company recently secured a tourism development project. If it goes well, it'll elevate your company. You should focus on tha and stop worrying about cooperating with me."
"Haha, I guess so," Xavier chuckled, "Nothing can escape your attention, Ms. Bonnie. Indeed, I secured a tourism development project. I hoped you could bring me good luck, but that's not happening." "Xavier, you can't have your cake and eat it, too. That tourism development is good enough." Bonnie understood Xavier's thoughts and feelings as a businessperson. However, she had to remind him not to be greedy.
"You're right, Ms. Bonita. I was too impatient." Xavier sounded humbled when talking to Bonnie.
Even before calling her, he knew the likelihood of securing this cooperation was slim. Although their conversation confirmed his suspicions, he did not feel too disappointed.
Bonnie checked her watch and said, "All right, it's getting late. I should head to the lab now."
"You got it, Ms. Bonita. I won't keep you any longer." After hanging up the phone and putting it aside, Xavier muttered, "Hamish is so lucky. I wonder how he got acquainted with Ms. Bonita. I would've gotten this cooperation if I had met her earlier. What a pity."
Immediately after, someone knocked on his door.
Knock, knock, knock.
"Come in."
Xavier's assistant entered and said, "Sir, Mr. Shane Fernandez from Gemedia Group is waiting for you in the conference room. He says there's something important he needs to discuss with you."
###Chapter 721
"Mr. Shane is here? I wonder why," Xavier sounded doubtful.
'Shane's a crafty old fox. Did he come to trap me? Still, I can't refuse to see him since he's already here. Well, there's always a solution to a problem. First, I need to see what Shane wants. If it's a trap, I'll find a way to escape it.'
With that in mind, Xavier composed himself and told his assistant, "Go ahead and bring him in."
"Right away, Mr. Xavier." The assistant nodded and left.
Soon after, he brought Shane to Xavier's office.
Shane began with his usual pleasantries, "Mr. Xavier, it's been a while. I heard your recent developments have been quite impressive. Do you have any suitable projects to recommend?"
"Don't joke with me, Shane. Although I've closed a few deals, they're hardly worth mentioning compared to what you're used to. I hoped to make money with you, but you've beaten me to it. "You're flattering me too much. Unfortunately, my capabilities don't warrant such praise," Xavier reciprocated with equal politeness. He poured some whiskey for Shane as he spoke.
The latter raised his glass and said, "You're too modest, Xavier. Nonetheless, I came to discuss an important matter with you."
He gave Xavier's assistant a meaningful glance. Xavier understood Shane's intention and told the assistant, "You may leave now."
Xavier's assistant nodded and replied, "Understood, Mr. Xavier."
Xavier returned his attention to Shane, saying, "Okay, it's just the two of us now. You can speak your mind."
Shane put down his whiskey and sighed as if in distress. "I believe you've noticed the Knights growing more robust over the past six months. While the Knights may be the wealthiest family in Pyralis, our combined strength isn't much weaker.
"However, we may fall far behind if we ignore them and allow them to grow. If that happens, catching up will be a tremendous challenge."
Xavier did not immediately respond. Instead, he sipped his whiskey while pondering. Of course, he had noticed the Knights' growth, especially with Bonita's help.
Not only would the gap between them and the other wealthy families widen, but it might also become insurmountable. The Knights might even leave the other families far behind in the future.
'I guess this is just how things are. No one can blame Ivor for accumulating such good fortune and marrying such a capable person. I feel envious beyond words.'
Shane noticed Xavier's silence and thought he had struck a chord with the latter. With that in mind, Shane pressed, "I have a proposal, Xavier. Our families should join forces to bring down the Knights. "They're a formidable competitor, after all. With them out of the picture, our families can advance together. Surely, we'll surpass the Knights soon enough."
Xavier shook his head and replied, "I'm sorry, Shane, but my family is facing internal turbulence. There are significant disagreements within my collateral branches. I must handle my family matters and don't have the bandwidth to focus on anything else. I suggest you find someone else."
'What a joke! Going against Ms. Bonita is like going against all of Arvandor!'
###Chapter 722
'If I agree with Shane, I'll drag my whole family down. I wouldn't dare to go against Ms. Bonita even if I had a hundred times the courage!'
Shane was shocked and puzzled upon hearing Xavier's refusal. The former thought Xavier would agree since the Knights and Sheffyns had been rivals for many years. Therefore, Shane was confident that cooperating with Xavier would be easy.
He did not expect Xavier to refuse so decisively.
'Xavier talking about internal conflicts is nonsense! He brought everyone in line when he took over his family years ago. The Sheffyns have been growing stronger under his leadership ever since!'
Shane refused to believe there would be internal strife within the Sheffyns. He knew Xavier made it up to reject him.
'Why did Xavier reject me? No matter how hard I rack my brains, I can't think of a reason.'
As he was in deep thought, Xavier's voice broke the silence, "I advise you not to go against the Knights, Shane. Just focus on your family and grow peacefully."
Shane became even more puzzled when he heard that. He asked, "Why, Xavier? You shouldn't be this scared of the Knights, especially with your capabilities."
Shane pondered, 'Did Xavier reject me because Ivor is controlling him? That must be why Xavier doesn't dare to act recklessly. Still, what could threaten Xavier? He became Sheffyn Group's CEP because of his outstanding capabilities, not because of his background.
'Xavier stands out from his family and commands their respect. He's such an influential figure, yet he's foolish enough to let Ivor control him? It can't be.'
Shane could not think of any other reason why Xavier would reject him besides that.
Ultimately, he asked, "Xavier, is Ivor controlling you? If you need my help, just say the word. Don't be polite. I'll do everything I can to help."
Xavier did not respond to that. Instead, he said, "I thought I told you. I need to deal with my family's internal conflicts and don't have the resources to focus on other things. If you insist on going against the Knights, find someone else to help you."
Although his words were tactful, his two refusals made Shane understand that he would not cooperate, no matter what.
After realizing Xavier's firmness, Shane stood up gloomily and said, "If you're unwilling, I'll go to Mr. Hamish at Tang Fusion Studios. He has a broad vision, and I believe he'll agree with me."
###Chapter 723
"I wish you good luck, Shane," although Xavier responded calmly, he gloated inside.
'Bonnie and Hamish's relationship couldn't be any better. If Shane wants to approach Hamish to go against Ivor, it'll be Shane's demise. I can already imagine how miserable Shane looks after getting rejected by Hamish. It'll be worse than when I rejected him.'
Shane realized he had failed to persuade Xavier and intended to leave. The former stood up and said, "Well, then. I'll take my leave."
"Take care, Shane." Xavier watched Shane leave with a meaningful smile.
'Things are getting interesting.'
Bonnie sat across from Hamish at Tang Fusion Studios and discussed their cooperation on the latest nanomaterials. She had entrusted him with an important task, and he listened attentively. "Don't worry, Bonnie. I'll do my best since you entrusted me with it."
Bonnie smiled and patted his shoulder. "I've always trusted you. You'll have no issues with this project, considering your capabilities. No pressure, okay?"
"You got it." Hamish nodded solemnly and was about to say something when someone knocked on the door. He had to swallow his words and respond, "Come in."
His assistant entered and said, "Excuse me, Mr. Hamish. Mr. Shane from Gemedia Group is outside. He says he has something important to discuss with you." 'Shane, as in Shane Fernandez? I remember him, but we never talked much. I wonder why he's looking for me.'
After some thought, Hamish looked at his assistant and said, "Let him in."
"Right away, Mr. Hamish." The assistant left and brought Shane into the office shortly after.
Shane entered and immediately praised, "Mr. Hamish, I heard you've been doing well recently. If you don't mind, I'd like to work with you someday."
Hamish calmly glanced at him and responded modestly, "You flatter me, Mr. Shane. I don't earn as much as you think, y'know. Surely, I can't compare to you."
After exchanging pleasantries, Shane noticed Bonnie sitting there. He turned to Hamish and asked, "Mr. Hamish, who might this be?"
Before Hamish could answer, Bonnie said, "I'm Mr. Hamish's friend. I'm just here to chat with him. You can talk to him directly if you have something to discuss. Just pretend I'm not even here." After glancing at Bonnie, Shane turned to Hamish and said, "Mr. Hamish, I—”
###Chapter 724
Hamish waved and interjected, "If she says not to mind her, we won't. Please have a seat, Mr. Shane."
Shane stopped overthinking and sat down to discuss halting the Knights' development. He said the exact words he had told Xavier, with Hamish now the target.
"Mr. Hamish, you're a visionary. That's why I came to you for help. Getting in the Knights' way will benefit our companies significantly. You wouldn't refuse this proposal, would you?"
Hamish was drinking water when he heard that. He immediately spat it out and coughed violently. "Cough! Cough, cough! Ahem!"
Hamish glanced at Bonnie and thought, 'I wonder how Shane will react once he realizes Ivor's fiancee is sitting across from him.
'Also, Bonnie isn't just that-she's also the chairwoman of Tang Fusion Studios. Saying he wants to go against them is a death sentence.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie remained calm after hearing Shane's proposal. She showed no emotional fluctuations whatsoever.
Shane did not notice Hamish's gaze toward Bonnie. Instead, he heard Hamish coughing hysterically and asked with concern, "Are you okay, Mr. Hamish?"
Hamish patted his chest and gathered himself before responding, "I'm fine. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Shane."
Upon hearing he was okay, Shane continued, "Mr. Hamish, what do you think about my proposal? Would you consider working with me?"
Hamish did not know how to respond and sneakily glanced at Bonnie. The latter sensed it and looked back at him calmly.
She withdrew her gaze from him and looked at Shane, asking softly, "Is there a reason for that? Do you have a grudge against the Knights, or is it because you don't want them to hinder your development?"
Shane was stunned as he turned to Bonnie with a hint of doubt.
'Didn't she tell us to pretend she isn't here? Now she's interrupting. What's her relationship with Hamish?'
Shane was confused, looking at Hamish. However, the latter simply shrugged, confusing Shane even more. Of course, Shane did not respond to Bonnie. Instead, he continued to analyze the situation and persuade Hamish.
"Please consider my proposal. After all, the Knights are becoming stronger every day. It's suppressing companies like ours. Although I admit Tang Fusion Studios's momentum is strong, it'll be challenging for you to keep up if the Knights continue to outgrow us."
Hamish remained silent and gazed at Bonnie occasionally. Meanwhile, she remained indifferent, as if she were not involved.
Seeing that Hamish seemed undecided, Shane frowned. Still, the latter refused to give up. "So, Mr. Hamish, it's urgent to suppress the Knights. Once we bring them down, we can share their wealth and broaden our horizons. Then, maybe we can become the second richest in Pyralis."
Once he finished speaking, Bonnie lightly tapped the tabletop and said, "Mr. Shane, you haven't answered my question."
Shane was not in a good mood because Hamish had been silent the whole time. The former's expression grew cold as Bonnie pressed him for a response. "It's a private matter, and I have no answers for you, miss."
###Chapter 725
Bonnie raised her eyebrows, showing little emotion.
After responding to Bonnie, Shane turned to Hamish again and asked, "Mr. Hamish, do you want to cooperate with me? Can you give me a definite answer? If you keep silent like this, how am I supposed to know what you mean?"
Before Hamish could say anything, Bonnie's voice rang out again.
"Okay."
Shane didn't expect Bonnie to speak again. Her tone carried a hint of unfriendliness.
"What... do you mean?"
Bonnie met Shane's eyes and spoke coolly, her expression remaining unaltered. "I mean, I agree."
Initially, Shane thought Bonnie was deliberately causing trouble. However, her words made him realize that something was off.
Recalling that Hamish had remained silent during the entire exchange, even though this individual didn't seem like a senior corporate leader and had a youthful appearance, Hamish hadn't interrupted her wher she talked, indicating that her position with Tang Fusion Studios shouldn't be low.
Thinking it over, Shane's gaze towards Bonnie gradually changed, and his tone became much softer. "When you say you agree, can you tell me if your decision represents the entire Tang Fusion Studios?" "It means I agree," With a sly smile, Bonnie met Shane's gaze.
"But it's not with your Fernandez family. It's with the Knight family."
After hearing these words, Shane's face changed drastically, and he stood up abruptly from his chair.
"So, you're intentionally playing me?"
He had been happy for a short while because of Bonnie's response. But he was back to nothing within a few seconds!
"How am I playing you? Did I say I was going to cooperate with your Fernandez family?" Bonnie's face still wore a faint smile.
To Shane, this smile seemed like a n*** mockery. His face turned livid, and he clenched his fists, wanting to retort to Bonnie's words. But he couldn't find the right words to counter. After all, Bonnie hadn't explicitly said she would cooperate with the Fernandez family.
Seeing Shane remaining silent, Bonnie casually took out her phone and made a video call to Ivor.
Ivor almost instantly answered, followed by his magnetic and gentle voice.
"Honey, aren't you busy? Why do you have time to call me?"
Bonnie remained composed. "There's something important I need to tell you."
"What is it?"
Bonnie glanced sideways in the direction where Shane was, then leisurely said, "The chairman of Tang Fusion Studios is considering allying with your Knight family. Are you willing?"
When Shane saw Ivor appear in the video, his heart surged with shock, and his gaze toward Bonnie was filled with suspicion.
He didn't take this young girl seriously when he first came in. Who would have thought that not only did she have a say in front of Hamish, but she also seemed to have a close relationship with Ivor? This made him think deeply about what identity this girl held.
Upon hearing Bonnie's words, Ivor looked deeply at her for a moment, unable to guess her intentions. Therefore, he didn't rush to answer but instead asked, "An alliance? Can you represent Tang Fusion Studios in negotiating with me?"
Bonnie pursed her lips, smiling but not saying anything.
###Chapter 726
Then the camera turned to Hamish, and Bonnie said with a smile, "Since Mr. Ivor thinks my words don't count, then you speak."
Hamish nodded with a smile, "Yes, that's what I mean. Since Bonnie is here, I'll let her convey it."
Ivor did not respond immediately. He lowered his gaze, concealing the inscrutable emotions in his dark eyes.
After a moment, Ivor looked at Bonnie and asked, "Do you want me to cooperate with Hamish?"
Bonnie wasn't foolish. She could tell that the man was testing her.
"Yes, I do," she replied.
"Alright." Ivor said indulgently, "If you want it, then I agree."
He immediately instructed Floyd, "Arrange a meeting with Tang Fusion Studios to discuss cooperation."
"Yes, boss." Floyd left to make the arrangements.
Ivor withdrew his gaze from Floyd and refocused on Bonnie.
"Come back early tonight."
"Okay."
"Forget it. I'll pick you up instead."
Bonnie didn't refuse Ivor's request.
"Okay."
After the call ended, the office fell into a brief silence.
Shane's temples pounded with rage as he fixed his longing gaze on Bonnie and considered how she had deceived him. He asked, "What's your relationship with Ivor?" Bonnie shrugged indifferently, looking nonchalant. "Can't you figure it out? It seems your intelligence is lacking a bit."
Shane choked, and his face turned livid.
However, his brain was working quickly, and he was starting to ponder.
'I remembered Bonnie's gentle demeanor and tone when she called Ivor. She even called him honey...'
Shane recalled the announcement of Ivor's marriage a while ago. It wasn't hard to guess that Bonnie was probably Ivor's fiancée, whose identity hadn't been publicly revealed!
But what surprised him even more was the close relationship between Bonnie and Hamish.
Furthermore, Xavier did not prohibit Shane from seeing Hamish, but he also showed a mysterious smile.
At that time, he didn't understand why Xavier was smiling like that.
Now he realized that Xavier must have known about the relationship between Bonnie, Hamish, and Ivor. He was waiting to see Shane make a fool of himself!
It turned out these people knew everything, but only he was kept in the dark like a fool.
The more Shane thought about it, the angrier he became. His face turned ugly. A malicious glint flashed in his eyes when he looked at Bonnie and Hamish.
"Haha. You've all played me like a monkey. Do you think I'm easy to bully? Just wait! I won't let this matter go. Let's see who will have the last laugh!" After leaving the company building angrily, he turned to his assistant.
"Find Finley for me. I must defeat Ivor in next week's business cooperation."
"But she's an expert in the jewelry design industry! She's elusive; it's hard to find her!"
###Chapter 727
"I don't care. Even if it costs everything, you must find her for me!"
Shane's fists clenched tightly, and his eyes were filled with boundless hatred. He was determined to teach Bonnie and the others a lesson, letting them know how formidable he was. "Yes, Mr. Shane."
Hamish turned to Bonnie beside him.
"It seems that Shane is planning revenge. Should I send someone to take care of him?"
A sharp glint flashed in his eyes as he spoke, and he made a throat-slitting gesture.
She gave him a disdainful look while twitching the corner of her mouth.
"Are you serious? You're making us seem like some sort of terrorist organization. Can't you be more civilized? We're law-abiding citizens."
Hamish furrowed his brow, obviously unwilling to let Shane off so easily.
"Are we just going to let this villain continue to cause trouble?"
Bonnie shrugged nonchalantly, her tone indifferent and dismissive of Shane.
"Why bother? When the enemy comes, we'll just deal with him. If he dares to come, a slap will do."
Hamish nodded in agreement. With Bonnie's abilities, squashing Shane would be easier than squashing an ant, so there was nothing to worry about.
"Then you handle it. If you need any help, just give me a call."
Bonnie lightly smiled. "Do you even need to say that? I won't be afraid to bother you if there's something."
Hamish smiled. "Haha, I'm afraid you won't be."
Bonnie rolled her eyes and looked at him as if he were a fool. "Do I look like someone who would be afraid to bother you?"
Hamish chuckled but didn't say anything, wearing an expression that clearly said, 'Of course not.'
As Bonnie shook her head and opened her mouth to speak, her phone vibrated in her pocket.
She saw that it was a call from Ivor.
After pressing the answer button, the man's magnetic voice came through the phone.
"Honey, I'm outside the Tang Fusion Studios building. Come down."
"Huh?" Bonnie sounded puzzled. "When did you get here?"
"Just after I hung up with you."
"Okay, wait for me. I'll come down now."
After hanging up the phone, Bonnie looked at Hamish and said, "Ivor is waiting for me downstairs. I have to go back. You can message me if you have any questions about collaborating with the research institute."
Hamish made an "OK" gesture and joked, "Go ahead, don't keep your man waiting."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him again, stepped into the elevator, and headed to the entrance.
Looking around, she spotted the Maybach parked not far away. She smirked and walked leisurely toward the car.
She opened the door and sat down, only to have a big, powerful hand grab hold of hers right away.
"Honey, did you miss me today?"
Bonnie was caught off guard by the man's affectionate gaze.
Ivor appeared to have deep pools in his eyes where someone could easily drown if they weren't careful.
Bonnie awkwardly averted her gaze, a thin blush spreading across her face.
###Chapter 728
"We see each other every day. What's there to miss?"
"Don't you miss me?" Ivor held Bonnie's hand tightly, interlocking their fingers and gazing deeply into her eyes.
"I think about you every moment. What should I do? So you must think about me too. That's only fair."
Bonnie twitched at the corner of her mouth. "I didn't force you to think about me."
Ivor lowered his gaze, pretending to look dejected.
"So, in your eyes, am I such an unnecessary existence?"
Bonnie knew Ivor was pretending, but seeing him like this still made her uneasy.
She reached out and patted his shoulder. "How could that be? You're the person I need the most."
Ivor's eyes brightened again. Smiling slightly, he took Bonnie's hand in his.
"Honey, I knew you cared about me."
Although Bonnie felt helpless, seeing him so happy because of her words also brought a hint of sweetness to her heart.
Floyd, who was driving, involuntarily shuddered.
'Mr. Ivor and Ms Bonnie have been interacting like this every day. How come they're not sick of each other? I am already feeling goosebumps just watching them.'
The two of them leaned quietly against each other for a moment. Suddenly, Bonnie heard Ivor's voice, carrying a hint of jealousy.
"Is your relationship with Hamish that good that he comes here every other day? And now you're even making decisions for his company."
She smiled charmingly. "Is that all? Do you want to say anything else? Just say it all at once."
Ivor, who had first been envious, smiled upon hearing Bonnie's remarks.
"Do you even know what I want to ask you?"
"More or less."
Ivor raised the corner of his lips and chuckled lightly.
She said, "You go first. Let me see if I guessed it right."
"I heard that the reason why Tang Fusion Studios has developed so rapidly is because there's a formidable backer behind them, and this backer is most likely the chairman of their company." Bonnie still maintained her charming smile. "Good analysis, keep going."
Ivor turned his head and looked at her with a smile, showing an indulgent yet helpless expression. "Can't you give me a definite answer?"
Bonnie shook her head. "Isn't your guess good enough? Why the rush? Keep guessing."
Ivor's gaze swept over Bonnie, speaking in a half-joking, half-assured tone, "I want to know if the mastermind behind this company is none other than you, Ms. Bonita?"
Bonnie knew that the man's intelligence would make discovering the truth about this situation easy.
Bonnie pursed her lips. Then she rummaged through her pocket for a piece of candy and gently placed it in the man's palm.
"You answered well. This candy is your reward."
She had just picked it up from the company's front desk. Ivor also got the answer to his question from her actions.
###Chapter 729
Ivor discovered that Tang Fusion Studios was Bonnie's long ago. However, he didn't expose it because Bonnie never admitted it. It wasn't until today that he got a definite answer.
"Since this is a reward from you, of course, I'll keep it well," Ivor said as he was about to put the candy into his pocket.
Bonnie held his hand, and she raised her eyebrows at him when he looked over.
"Aren't you going to eat it?"
Ivor asked with a smile as he toyed with the candy in his hand, "Do you want me to eat this candy?"
"Why not?"
"Alright." Ivor readily agreed.
As the two began discussing the matter of candy, Floyd kept glancing back through the rearview mirror.
His eyes were filled with even more shock, and his mouth fell open.
'No way? Seriously? Is Mr. Ivor going to eat that candy? He has never eaten sweets and is almost completely insulated to things like sugar.
'But now, Mr. Ivor agreed to eat candy just because Ms Bonnie asked him to?'
As a single man, he could not comprehend, questioning whether the power of love was really that great. 'Is it so great that it makes Mr. Ivor dare challenge things he has never tried?' Ivor put the candy in his mouth, looking like he was enjoying it. "The candy is sweet."
Floyd wished he could give Bonnie a thumbs up.
Indeed, Bonnie is worthy of being Mr. Ivor's wife. She was not only able to persuade the boss to accept something he had never done before, but she also managed to make him enjoy it. These two had been having an unbelievably wonderful relationship since they first began dating.
Of course, Floyd was the first and foremost victim, being the third wheel.
Hearing what Ivor said, Bonnie showed a faint smile.
"Well, if you behave well next time, I'll reward you with more candy." Although it sounded like coaxing a child, Ivor felt so content that he smiled brightly.
"Yeah, I'll do my best." The conversation between the two made Floyd shake his head again.
Bonnie was able to transform Ivor, who had previously been distant and reserved, into someone as affectionate as a puppy.
In his office at the Gemedia Group building, Shane was furious and was hurling documents across the floor.
"You useless bunch! Can't you even find one person? What's the use of me spending so much to support you?"
The few high-ranking executives bowed their heads, afraid to raise their voices.
"Trash, all trash! Useless bunch of trash!" Shane's face turned red with anger.
He paced the office with his hands behind his back, and his snake-like glare was firmly focused on the few high-level executives before him.
"Tell me, when are you going to find Finley? Give me a definite answer!"
The high-level executives exchanged glances and lowered their heads farther, preventing eye contact. Finley's whereabouts were mysterious and always elusive.
###Chapter 730
One of the executives thought, 'We don't even know what Finley looks like, so how can we find her? And how can we give an exact time?'
Shane's anger burned even hotter as he watched the executives remain silent.
Just as he was about to start scolding, there was an urgent knock on the door.
Suppressing his anger, Shane said in a deep voice, "Come in."
The assistant hurriedly pushed the door open.
"Mr. Shane, we've found Finley."
Shane's eyes widened suddenly, filled with shock and joy. "Really? Where is Finley now?"
"She's right downstairs in our company."
"Hurry, bring her to my office immediately."
Rubbing his hands together, Shane felt an uncontrollable rush of exhilaration. Suddenly, he thought of following the assistant as she went to invite the person upstairs. "Never mind, I'll go personally to meet her."
Shane hurried over after seeing a long-haired woman sipping tea in the lobby as he arrived downstairs.
"Are you... Finley?"
The woman nodded gently and said, "Yes."
Shane calmed down slightly and gestured to the woman. "Finley, let's go to my office and talk."
The woman nodded slightly.
Shane got straight to the point in the office.
"Although no one would dare to impersonate the powerful Finley, only a few people know what Finley looks like. Please show me some proof. Otherwise, I won't be able to confirm if you are the real Finley."
"No problem." The woman responded calmly and took out a document bag from her bag, "These are my recent design works, as well as sketches and drawings. You can take a look."
After giving them a thorough examination for a few minutes, Shane concluded that the individual in front of him was Finley based on the design style.
Raising his head, he looked earnestly at the woman before him.
"Finley, I think you should know about the bidding for cooperation with the jewelry tycoon, Ferryrover Jewelry. If you can secure that cooperation, I won't treat you unfairly." The woman raised her chin slightly and proudly replied, "Don't worry, when it comes to jewelry design, no one can rival me."
Her confident words made Shane instantly relieved.
"Then this bidding will be left to you."
He spoke with a deep gloom in his eyes as he thought of Ivor. 'This time, I'll definitely crush the Knight family under my feet!'
The woman responded with a smile full of meaning. "It's a small matter, Mr. Shane. Rest assured, this bidding belongs to Gemedia Group."
Shane loved hearing this and immediately smiled.
'Haha, good. Finley's ability is beyond doubt. I can finally sleep well without any worries tonight.'
...
As soon as Bonnie arrived at the university the next day, she called for a high-level meeting to discuss the university's recent issues.
After expressing her thoughts and suggestions, she immediately received applause.
The distinguished professors and executives gazed at her with admiration and reverence.
Bonnie felt a bit strange. The high-level executives and professors were unusually quiet, especially in how they looked at her. There was an indescribable feeling.
Her gaze swept over the crowd. "As for what I just said, if anyone has opinions or suggestions, feel free to speak up. Let's discuss and come up with a more suitable solution together."
###Chapter 731
A chorus of praises rang in her ears.
"Ms. Bonita's ideas and proposals are the best. We have no ions."
"Yes, our university is so honored to receive such an outstanding president as Ms. Bonita."
"Since Ms. Bonita came to our school, the problems that had plagued us for a long time have been solved. Not only that, we have also gained recognition and investment from many big shots."
"If we continue to develop like this, we'll draw in an increasing number of talented students and investors, which will improve the learning environment for the students. All of this is thanks to Ms. Bonita." "Ms. Bonita has achieved what we couldn't before. We can't compare to her! We must learn from Ms. Bonita."
After saying this, everyone else chimed in and agreed with the perspective.
"Yes, Ms. Bonita's arrival has brought about a leap in development for our school."
"How fortunate are we to have Ms. Bonita as our president? Without Ms. Bonita, our university would not have developed so quickly."
"Ms. Bonita has brought us too many surprises, and I can't even count them all."
As everyone spoke, they felt ecstatic.
By only using the name of "Ms. Bonita," everyone who wanted to enter their university would be queuing up.
They could not formally declare Ms. Bonita's presence at their school, though.
But that was sufficient; they didn't have to worry about anything as long as Ms. Bonita, their president, remained in place.
The flattery in her ears was constant, and Bonnie's mouth twitched.
Although Bonnie knew that the executives and professors found out about her identity as Ms. Bonita, she still mentally prepared herself before convening this meeting.
However, what she didn't expect was for these high-level executives and professors to be so exaggerated.
They were practically elevating her to the heavens with their words! It made her feel awkward to the point of cringing.
Professor Reece was left dumbfounded when he heard the others' flattery and had to snort coldly.
'These people are a***-kissers. They had mocked me for flattering Bonnie and looked down on my working style. However, every one of them is flattering even louder than I did. "They don't even feel ashamed! Especially Professor Adan, who usually seemed quite honest. Most importantly, Professor Adan had even criticized me for praising Ms. Bonita. "But now? Professor Adan was praising Ms. Bonita even more fervently. Sweet words are just so hypocritical.'
He had been colleagues with Professor Adan for so many years and had never heard him say so many flattering words.
###Chapter 732
This group of people were all talking at once. Each one was more excited than the last, not giving him a chance to get a word in edgewise.
'If these people had not discovered Ms. Bonita's identity, I would've been free to lavish her with praise, accept assignments that others would be afraid to take on, and excel in her presence. 'But now they have even stolen away my opportunity to perform!'
Professor Reece was filled with an unexplainable rush of anger that made him want to seal their mouths.
Bonnie was overwhelmed, seeing everyone becoming more intense in their discussions that couldn't be stopped.
She lifted her head and examined each person individually with her eyes.
"Alright, everyone, quiet down."
Her tone was neither light nor heavy, and she did not sound particularly strict either.
The meeting room was bustling with noise just a moment ago, and now it instantly fell silent. All the high-ranking officials and professors sat quietly in their seats, each looking like a child eager to perform well in front of the teacher.
Professor Reece sighed inwardly.
Even the former president couldn't make all these high-ranking officials and professors immediately shut up.
It could only be said that Ms. Bonita's prestigious identity is incomparable to anyone else's.
Seeing that everyone had quieted down, Bonnie continued, "I am the president of this university, so you can just call me Ms. Bonnie at school. Don't call me Ms. Bonita."
"Okay, we'll remember that."
Ms. Bonita's low-key style was known to everyone in Arvandor. Hence, these high-ranking officials and professors understood it too.
Bonnie asked, "Does anyone have anything else to say? If not, let's end today's meeting here."
Halfway through the meeting, a high-ranking official said, "Ms. Bonnie, I need to discuss something with you."
Bonnie looked at him and asked, "What is it?"
"It's almost the end of the semester, and there are still more than 10 days until winter vacation. According to the usual practice, there should be a school meeting at the end of the semester, and the president must personally appear to summarize the end of the semester."
Bonnie frowned involuntarily. "Must appear in person?"
The high-ranking official nodded, "Of course, this is a tradition of our university. As the highest leader of our school, you have to say a few words at the end of the year to set an example for the students and let them see the responsibility of our school leaders."
He looked around at the other high-ranking officials and professors as he spoke.
"Do you all agree with what I said? Should we let the president speak?"
Everyone echoed in agreement.
"The president's speech at the end of the semester is the longest-standing tradition of our school, so no matter what, we must uphold this tradition."
"Yes, and the president's speech has a certain inspirational effect on the students."
"Ms. Bonnie, just go up and say a few words. Everyone is looking forward to your speech."
Bonnie instantly thought of the impression she left on the students as a student and her identity as the president...
'This matter is becoming more and more of a headache the more I think about it. Am I going to publicly reveal my identity as the president in front of the students?'
###Chapter 733
The official asked, "Ms. Bonnie, what do you think? Are you going to speak on stage?"
Bonnie appeared distressed as she pressed her temples firmly. "Since you say it's a tradition, I must comply."
As soon as she finished speaking, there was another round of flattery.
"We feel relieved."
"We believe Ms. Bonnie will deliver a splendid speech to the students."
"I can't wait to see such a scene. It must be grand."
Bonnie twitched her lips, not knowing what to say for a moment.
When they all said their piece, Bonnie slowly stood up from her chair and asked, "Does anyone have any other questions?"
Everyone shook their heads, indicating they had no further questions.
Bonnie nodded. "Then let's end today's meeting here. I have something else to attend to, so I'll leave first."
No one ed. Bonnie withdrew her gaze from them and walked out.
She had some free time today and realized she hadn't cooked for Ivor in a long time.
Since she had some free time today, she could go to the market and buy some groceries.
...
Ivor was having a meeting with the executives in the Knight Group conference room.
He glanced at the documents in his hand, then looked up at the executives in front of him and said, "Regarding the bid for partnership with Ferryrover Jewelry, have you all come up with a solution?" The executives exchanged glances.
Then one of the executives stood up and said, "Mr. Ivor, Ferryrover Jewelry has made it clear that whoever can find Finley will be their first choice. It's said that Gemedia Group has already sent people to inquire about Finley's whereabouts."
"Finley has always been elusive, and no one knows what she looks like. How are we supposed to find her?"
"That's true, but no matter what, we have to find Finley before Gemedia Group because we've always had conflicts with them. We absolutely cannot fall behind them in this matter. Otherwise, we might be ridiculed by their company!"
"Yes, absolutely, we must stand our ground against Gemedia Group. We can't give them a chance to ridicule us!"
Listening to the words of the executives, Ivor furrowed his brows. "Quiet."
The executives were instantly silenced and scared to speak again when the tone.
Ivor's cold gaze swept over them lightly and said, "I just asked you to come up with a solution, not to chit-chat. Let me ask again. Has anyone come up with a solution?"
The executives fell silent instantly. No one dared to speak up.
Ivor's expression became even more somber after seeing this scene. "Not a single person can come up with one?"
The executives shrank their necks and lowered their heads even more. None dared to meet Ivor's gaze.
None of them had thought of any solution at all.
###Chapter 734
Ivor felt his chest heave as he watched this scenario, a heavy fury whirling in his eyes. He then slammed the documents heavily on the table.
"Since none of you can come up with anything, stay here until you do," he said.
Floyd trembled in fear. 'It had been long since I had seen the boss this angry. It seems that we're going to get it today... I wonder when his anger would dissipate...'
As time passed, the meeting room atmosphere became so tense that you could hear a pin drop. The executives sitting in their chairs were even more tense. They were sitting upright and dared not even breathe. After all, everyone knew that their CEO was furious.
Ivor's phone, placed on the table, suddenly vibrated.
"Bzzz..."
Ivor lowered his gaze and saw the caller ID, "Honey." There was a slight hint of softening in his icy expression as he quickly picked up the phone.
"Honey, aren't you busy today? Why do you have time to call me?" he asked.
A clear voice came from the other end of the phone.
"I was not busy, so I bought some groceries and planned to cook. I'm downstairs at your company now. Do you want to go back together? Or should I go back and cook, then message you when it's done?"
She asked this because Ivor seemed very busy lately, often staying up late in the study and looking at documents. She was worried that he still had work to do in the company, so she didn't want to disturb him. "Of course, let's go home together, honey," Ivor said. He was incredibly thrilled to be able to have a dinner prepared by Bonnie herself.
"You can rest downstairs for a while. I'll be there in about 10 minutes."
"Okay," Bonnie replied.
Ivor hung up the phone and looked back at the executives. Although his face still didn't look good, his tone was gentler.
"Today's meeting ends here. After you go back tonight, think carefully about a solution. When you come to work tomorrow, I must see a feasible plan, or all year-end bonuses will be canceled." Everyone breathed a sigh of relief and echoed, "Yes, Mr. Ivor..."
"Hmm," Ivor responded lightly, picked up his phone, and walked out.
As the executives watched his hurried departure from the meeting room, they felt like a heavy burden had been lifted. Cold sweat formed on their backs.
As they watched Ivor disappear from view, the executives dared to discuss in low voices.
"We owe a lot to Ms. Bonnie. Otherwise, we would've been in big trouble today."
"Yeah, I haven't seen Mr. Ivor so angry in a long time. If not for Ms. Bonnie's call, Mr. Ivor might have kept us here until late at night."
"Did you see how awful Mr. Ivor's expression was? It wouldn't surprise me if we had to stay until tomorrow morning."
"Truth be told, the person we should be most thankful to is Ms. Bonnie. We wouldn't have been freed so easily if it weren't for her."
As the executives discussed, Ivor had already taken the elevator and arrived downstairs at the company.
He picked up his speed and hurried over to where Bonnie sat in the lounge, sipping tea and eating desserts. "Honey, sorry I'm late. Let's go home."
###Chapter 735
When Bonnie noticed him, she looked surprised.
"How did you get here so quickly?"
"Didn't you just say to wait for you for ten minutes? Not even five minutes had passed."
"Of course, it's to see you faster," Ivor said with a smile. He walked over and took Bonnie's hand, leading her outside. "Let's go home."
"Okay." Bonnie lightly curled her lips and leisurely followed his steps.
Back at home, Bonnie started preparing the ingredients.
Ivor didn't idle. He helped wash and cut vegetables on the side. The two of them cooperated very tacitly, and they finished cooking the meal in just an hour. Before the final wagyu steak was plated, Bonnie picked up a piece with a fork and brought it to Ivor's lips.
"Try it and see how it tastes. Is it seasoned enough? If not, I can add more salt."
Ivor leaned in, took the steak off the fork, and enjoyed it.
"Mm... your cooking is just wonderful. Even a five-star chef would feel inferior in front of you."
"Always so smooth-tongued." Bonnie rolled her eyes, then turned around and placed the remaining steak on a plate.
"The taste is good enough. Hurry and bring it out. I'll wash my hands, and then we can eat."
Ivor took the plate from her. Ivor's lips curled up slightly with a hint of pleasure.
"Alright, alright, I'll listen to you. Whatever my honey asks me to do, I'll do it."
Bonnie rolled her eyes again and didn't respond, She started washing her hands.
Ivor's lips curled up a bit more, no longer teasing Bonnie, and he carried the plate out of the kitchen.
Ivor's phone rang nonstop during dinner, with one business item after another requiring his attention.
There were also some calls discussing plans and decisions regarding the bid for the partnership with Ferryrover Jewelry.
He lowered his voice so Bonnie wouldn't overhear.
Although Bonnie couldn't hear what the person on the other end of the phone was saying, she could tell from Ivor's tone that this matter seemed tricky.
So when Ivor finished his call, she asked, "Is something going on in your company recently?"
She remembered that Ivor had never been so frequently on the phone before; this was the first time.
Ivor pretended to be nonchalant, and responded, "Nothing, just that the company is pushing forward with an important project recently, and they have a lot of indecision, so they're calling to ask for my opinion." "Really?" Bonnie didn't believe it.
Ivor smiled, picked up some food for Bonnie, and then put it on her plate. "Of course, it's true. Would I need to lie to you about such a trivial matter?"
After careful thought, Bonnie realized it made sense and didn't dwell on it any longer.
"Then eat quickly. Finish your work after eating. The sooner you finish your work, the sooner you can sleep. Otherwise, if you stay up late like this all the time, your body won't be able to handle it."
###Chapter 736
"Got it. Thanks for your concern, honey. You always know how to care for me." Ivor gently held Bonnie's hand, looking at her tenderly. Bonnie's heart thumped hard in her chest. She turned her head strangely, and her cheeks began to flush.
"You always say the same thing every day. Are you trying to be cheesy?"
"Not cheesy at all," Ivor shrugged. "Isn't this how you should treat someone you love?"
Bonnie slowly withdrew her hand from his.
"You better eat quickly. Finish your meal so you can handle your work. Otherwise, your phone will be ringing off the hook later."
"At your command." Ivor chuckled and made a salute gesture, obediently lowering his head to eat.
Bonnie shook her head, feeling there was no way to deal with this man.
After dinner, Ivor went to the study to deal with documents while Bonnie watched TV in the living room.
Floyd, carrying a stack of papers, was standing outside the door when he suddenly called out excitedly. "Ms. Bonnie!"
Bonnie was startled by him, almost dropping the apple in her hand.
After calming her thoughts for a moment, she put the apple in the basket and glanced at Floyd.
"What's the fuss at this late hour?"
Floyd trotted over, his eyes shining brightly as he looked at Bonnie.
"Ms. Bonnie, on behalf of all the company's senior executives, I want to thank you!"
Bonnie looked puzzled, not understanding what was going on.
"Why are you thanking me? I haven't contributed anything to your company recently."
"Who said you haven't? Your contribution is significant!" Floyd briefly recounted what had happened in the meeting room today.
"You don't know how grim Mr. Ivor was. He looked like the king of hell reborn. But as soon as you called, Mr. Ivor immediately became as gentle as a spring breeze. He even allowed us to end the meeting early. Otherwise, we would've had to stay in the meeting room until tomorrow!"
Bonnie smiled helplessly at Floyd's words. Then, she thought of Ivor's busy appearance during dinner, answering one call after another. She looked at Floyd and asked, "Has something happened in your company recently? Why does it seem like Ivor is so busy?"
Floyd's eyes flickered. He thought that if Mr. Ivor hadn't told Ms. Bonnie about the bidding situation of Ferryrover Jewelry, it meant that Mr. Ivor didn't want Ms. Bonnie to know.
So he vaguely said, "It's nothing, just that the company is having some difficulties with a project recently, so Mr. Ivor is a bit agitated."
"Really?" Bonnie frowned, thinking Floyd's words differed from what Ivor had told her. 'Could it be Ivor had something else he was hiding from her?'
"Yes, that's right." Floyd feared Bonnie would press him further, so he pretended to be in a hurry and said, "Ms. Bonnie, I won't say anymore. Mr. Ivor is waiting for the documents. I have to hurry and deliver them. Let's chat another time."
With that, he swiftly ran off with the documents.
Bonnie watched Floyd's departing figure with a pensive look in her eyes. She wondered what was going on in Ivor's company.
'It probably wasn't a minor matter; Ivor would have told me otherwise. There must be something more to it.'
She felt that things were more complex than they seemed. She decided to ask Ivor later in the study to see if he would tell her the truth.
###Chapter 737
It was 10 p.m. when Bonnie carried a glass of milk to Ivor's study. She saw the door was tightly closed and knocked on it.
After waiting for about 10 seconds, there was no response from inside.
'This is unusual. If Ivor were in the study, he would've responded by now.'
Bonnie pushed the door open. When she looked inside, she was taken aback. She saw that Ivor had fallen asleep on the desk. His handsome face was now filled with exhaustion, with dark circles under his eyes. He was fatigued.
Bonnie knew how disciplined Ivor was. If he was sleeping like this, he must be exhausted. She became even more convinced that there was a problem in his company.
But now that Ivor was so tired, pressing him for answers didn't seem appropriate. It would be better to wake him up and let him rest in the bedroom.
Bonnie slowly approached Ivor's side and reached out to gently pat his shoulder.
"Ivor, wake up, Ivor..."
The soft call in his ear made Ivor's eyelashes flutter, and he slowly opened his eyes. When he saw Bonnie in front of him, he stared blankly.
"Honey? How did you come into my dream?"
Bonnie smiled and flicked his forehead with her finger. "Does it hurt?"
Ivor didn't feel any pain, but he still pretended to be in pain, covering his forehead with his hand.
"Ouch, it hurts, honey. Are you trying to kill your husband?"
Seeing through his act, Bonnie's smile grew even broader. "Stop pretending. I know my strength. How could a little force like that make you hurt so much?"
Ivor stopped pretending after realizing he was caught. He reached out to embrace Bonnie's waist and rested his head against hers.
"Honey, how are you so clever? You saw through me instantly."
Bonnie's lips twitched helplessly.
"If you have nothing to say, you don't have to say anything. There's no need to praise me so blatantly; it makes me feel embarrassed."
"What's embarrassing about it? My honey has always been so clever and outstanding." Ivor raised his head to look at Bonnie, his expression unusually serious.
When Bonnie saw those eyes, Bonnie's heart almost skipped a beat. The intense palpitations she felt in the afternoon returned.
She inhaled deeply, steadied her thoughts, and covered the man's eyes with her palm before saying, "I don't want to waste time with you. Now, I command you to go to bed and sleep after drinking the milk. No more staying up late to read documents."
Ivor first froze for a moment, then smiled and spoke to Bonnie in a tone of negotiation, "There are just a few more documents left. After finishing them, I'll go to bed and sleep without delaying a second. So, honey, can you give me a little more time?"
"No." Bonnie's expression was unprecedentedly firm. "You're so tired that you fell asleep on the desk. If you continue like this, can your body take it? Tell me, are you going to sleep or not? If you don't, I'll be angry."
###Chapter 738
Ivor quickly grabbed her hand and coaxed, "I'll go to bed right away. Don't be angry."
Bonnie's expression softened slightly. "Well, drink the milk first."
"Okay." Ivor took the cup and quickly finished the milk.
Bonnie immediately urged the man to go to bed. "Get up. I need to supervise you so you can return to your room to sleep. Your condition can't be delayed, and you must rest quickly." "Okay, okay, I'll go rest now." Ivor looked helpless but still stood up from the chair.
Bonnie watched as Ivor returned to the room, turned off the lights, and then went to the kitchen with the cup to wash it.
While washing the cup, she started to ponder.
'What exactly happened to Ivor's company? I wanted to investigate, but doing so seemed inappropriate.'
'Forget it. I'll just wait for the right opportunity to ask Ivor again.'
The next day, the high-level executives at the Knight Group submitted their plans and decisions to Ivor's desk.
Ivor opened the first few documents, and the more he read, the deeper his frown.
Floyd asked, "Boss, is there something wrong with what they submitted?"
"There's nothing wrong with them." Ivor leaned heavily on the back of the chair while pressing his temples with a headache.
"It's just that these plans are not suitable for the investment bidding project of Ferryrover Jewelry. The most direct method is still to find Finley."
After saying this, he looked up again at Floyd and asked, "Didn't I ask you to send someone to investigate Finley's whereabouts last night? Is there any news?"
Floyd shook his head and said in a heavy tone, "I've been keeping an eye on it. I've asked dozens of times, but Finley's whereabouts are too mysterious. None of the people we sent out have gained anything, not even a piece of useful information."
Upon hearing this, Ivor's brows tightened even more.
"Continue to investigate and keep an eye on Gemedia Group. We must find the person before they find Finley."
"Yes." Floyd had just finished speaking when the phone in his pocket rang.
Taking out his phone and seeing it was a call from the person sent out to find Finley, he didn't hesitate to answer and asked anxiously, "How's it going? Have you found any news about Finley?"
The person on the other end of the line paused momentarily before cautiously saying, "We haven't found anything yet... But there's bad news. Another team we sent out just reported that the people from Gemedia Group have already found Finley."
"What?" Floyd's eyes widened suddenly, filled with disbelief. "Are you sure these messages are true?"
"These are the messages our people obtained internally. There can't be any falsehoods."
Floyd didn't know what else to say. He hung up the phone and glanced at Ivor, feeling hesitant as he considered the news he had just received.
"Mr. Ivor..."
Even if he didn't say it, Ivor had already vaguely guessed the gist of their conversation just now.
"What do you want to say? Do you want to tell me that Gemedia Group has already found Finley?"
Floyd nodded awkwardly and said, "Yes, that's the news our people just reported. I didn't expect Gemedia Group to act so quickly and manage to find Finley before us."
Ivor's dark and unclear eyes were full of gathering storms.
"I didn't expect Gemedia Group to find a loophole."
###Chapter 739
"What should we do now, Mr. Ivor?" Floyd suggested, seemingly struck by an idea, "Should we send someone to negotiate with Finley and persuade him to come over?"
"This approach is feasible," said Ivor, his expression darkening.
"However, since Gemedia Group found Finley before us, they must have hidden her very securely. It won't be easy to locate her."
"In that case, I'll send someone to investigate which designers have recently been in close contact with Gemedia Group. Once we have any news about Finley, I'll immediately send someone to negotiate." "Alright, you handle the arrangements first and then contact other outstanding designers as a backup plan."
"Okay, Mr. Ivor."
In the afternoon, Bonnie had just returned from the research institute and ran into Halle and Rowena at the villa gate.
The three exchanged glances, and Bonnie smirked slightly.
"Why are you here?" Bonnie asked.
Halle straightened her chest and said arrogantly, "This is my cousin's house. I can come whenever I want. Do you think just because you used some shady means to be with my cousin, you can be the lady of the house?"
Bonnie retorted, "I am the lady of the house here. What's wrong with that?"
"You and my cousin haven't even gotten married yet, and you dare call yourself the lady of the house? Have you no shame—"
Halle's words were cut short as she saw Bonnie calmly approaching with her hands in her pockets.
She instantly stepped back and hid behind Rowena.
"W-What do you want to do?"
Seeing this, Bonnie let out a light chuckle. "Coward."
Halle glared at her resentfully. "Who are you calling a coward, you—"
Bonnie cut her off before she could say anything more. "Say one more word, and I'll throw you onto the street right now." Halle was instantly intimidated by Bonnie and choked. She might have taken it as a joke if someone else had said this. But Bonnie had the power to do it.
So Halle could only talk a big game. When it came to real confrontation, she dared not, because she was simply no match for Bonnie. Rowena calmly stood before Halle, smiling gently at Bonnie.
"Ms. Bonnie, sorry to disturb you. Could you please let Halle and me in? I have something to discuss with Ivor."
"Of course, I won't stop you since you really have something to do." Bonnie smiled insincerely.
Anyway, they couldn't cause any trouble in front of her. Bonnie wanted to let them in and see what they were up to.
"Thank you, Ms. Bonnie," Rowena said with a smile.
Bonnie responded with a polite smile, "You're welcome."
She then turned around and led the way into the villa ahead of Halle and Rowena.
Halle looped her arm through Rowena's and whispered. "Look at her. She really thinks she's the lady of the house! She is so arrogant. Once my cousin gets tired of her, she'll be kicked out in no time, won't she?"
Rowena maintained her cheerful expression, although there was a trace of gloom in her eyes. "Halle, let's not say too much for now. Let's wait until we see Ivor."
"Right, right, let's wait to see my cousin first. So that Bonnie won't go crazy for real and have the bodyguards throw us out." Halle nodded in agreement.
###Chapter 740
The three entered the living room.
Ivor was reading documents on the sofa. When he turned at the sound, his icy demeanor softened as he laid eyes on Bonnie and became incredibly gentle. "Honey, why are you back so early?"
Before Bonnie could respond, Ivor glanced at Halle and Rowena behind her, and his expression instantly turned cold again. "What are you doing here?"
Halle felt both aggrieved and indignant, witnessing her cousin's swift change in attitude.
'Why is he so harsh to us? Yet he's so gentle with Bonnie? It is infuriating! It's all Bonnie's fault. If it weren't for her, Ivor wouldn't have changed like this.'
Not only was Halle upset, but Rowena was even angrier. Her fists clenched tightly, and her face twisted with suppressed rage.
However, she composed herself in the blink of an eye and approached Ivor calmly. "Ivor, I came to see you for an important matter. It's not appropriate with outsiders around. Shall we discuss it in your study?" When Rowena referred to outsiders, she meant only Bonnie. The intention was to exclude Bonnie discreetly.
Bonnie saw through Rowena's intentions immediately. 'Did she think she could undermine me like this? Make me feel embarrassed?'
Well, such naive tactics were laughable to her. However, she was curious about Ivor's response. 'Will Ivor go to the study with Rowena or...'
Ivor caught her meaning, and his eyebrows furrowed slightly. "If there's something, just say it here. There is no need to go to the study."
Rowena cast an involuntary glance at Bonnie. "But..."
Ivor grew impatient with her hesitation. "Are you going to speak or not? If not, leave."
"Ivor, I-I came to help you. How could you be so harsh?" Tears welled in Rowena's eyes, appearing genuinely aggrieved.
Halle could not bear seeing Rowena so upset. Hence, she stepped forward to speak for her. "Ivor, Rowena always supports you and always thinks for you. Can't you at least treat her with kindness? It's completely unfair to her!"
"Unfair?" Ivor's icy gaze shot directly towards Halle. "Then tell me, what would be fair?"
Halle wanted to respond but dared not under Ivor's intense stare. She quickly sought help from Rowena with her eyes. Rowena understood and took a step toward Ivor.
"It's okay, Ivor. Let me speak here. What Halle said was unintentional. Don't take it to heart."
Ivor responded with just one word. "Speak."
Rowena glanced at Bonnie briefly before turning back to Ivor. "Ivor, I heard you're looking for Finley?"
###Chapter 741
Bonnie raised her eyebrows.
'Ivor is looking for Finley? Is that the source of his recent distress?'
Ivor's eyebrows furrowed tightly. "Who told you?"
Rowena responded gently, "Nobody told me. I found out myself. My parents sometimes discuss the competition between the Knight Group and the Gemedia Group for the Ferryrover Jewelry sponsorship. So, I inquired a bit. It wasn't hard to find out."
"Who gave you permission to inquire about my affairs?!" Ivor's tone turned icy, and his expression became even more unpleasant.
"Ivor, l-I'm just concerned about you." Rowena didn't expect Ivor to be so cold toward her. She looked genuinely distressed as she took a few steps closer to Ivor.
"I came to tell you that my mom has connections in the design industry. If you need anything, I—I can ask her to find out about Finley's whereabouts for you."
"It's unnecessary. You may leave." Ivor's tone remained indifferent, devoid of any warmth.
Rowena's eyes revealed a visible unwillingness.
"Ivor, I know it was wrong of me to inquire about your matters without permission, and it made you angry, b-but I did it because I wanted to help you. Can't I care about you?"
"I said it's unnecessary. Don't be presumptuous." Ivor's tone remained emotionless.
"Ivor..." Rowena looked deeply aggrieved. Tears hung on her lashes, ready to fall, making her appear pitiful.
Yet, this failed to elicit any sympathy or pity from Ivor. Instead, his expression grew colder. "Leave," he commanded.
Halle stepped forward once again. She attempted to speak up for Rowena. "Ivor-"
Ivor interrupted her with a cold voice. "I said leave. Do you not understand?"
Halle hesitated for a moment, but Rowena gently tugged at her sleeve. "Halle, forget it. Since Ivor doesn't welcome us, let's leave."
She glanced at Ivor, trying to discern any hint of pity or sympathy from his expression, but he didn't even spare her a glance.
Rowena's gaze dimmed, but her heart was filled more with resentment towards Bonnie.
'It is all that despicable Bonnie's fault. If it weren't for her, things wouldn't have turned out like this between Ivor and me. It is all her fault! When I get the chance, I'll make that despicable woman pay!' Only Bonnie and Ivor remained in the living room.
Bonnie crossed her arms. After giving Ivor a severe glance, Bonnie remained silent and headed upstairs.
Knowing that Bonnie was angry, Ivor quickly stood up and grabbed her wrist tightly. "Honey, where are you going?"
Bonnie pretended to be annoyed as she shook his hand. "You dare lie to me repeatedly, and you still have the nerve to ask me where I'm going? What does it have to do with you?"
###Chapter 742
Ivor knew that Bonnie would be angry about this matter. He was apprehensive about it. He constantly pondered in his mind how to explain this to Bonnie properly.
Now, seeing Bonnie even angrier than he had imagined, panic instantly occupied his heart. He gripped her hand tightly, fearing that his hard-won wife might leave if he let go. "Honey, I can explain this matter. Don't be angry. Sit down and listen to me carefully."
Bonnie scoffed coldly. "You always lie to me. How do I know if what you tell me is the truth?"
"I can guarantee that what I say is true. If I tell a single lie, I'll be struck by lightning and die!" Ivor raised his hand to swear, his expression unusually serious.
Bonnie furrowed her brows and pressed down his hand. "Alright, who curses themselves like that?"
Ivor saw Bonnie's reaction, and his face lit up with a smile again. "Honey, I knew you'd feel sorry for me."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "Hurry up and explain to me what you lied to me about."
"Come, let's sit over there on the sofa, and I'll slowly explain it to you," he said as he led her to sit down with him.
Ivor then systematically explained everything about the dispute with the Gemedia Group, the sponsorship bid for Phoenix Jewelry, and the search for Finley.
"Honey, the reason I didn't tell you about these things is that I didn't want you to worry while you're busy. Besides, these are minor issues, and I can handle them myself without troubling you."
"So? To avoid troubling me, you stayed up late working overtime without telling me the truth? Are you dumb?" Thinking of Ivor's tired appearance from working overtime, Bonnie felt distressed. Upon hearing this, Ivor couldn't be happier. "Honey, are you concerned about me?"
"What? Am I not allowed to be concerned about you? Only you can be concerned about me?" Bonnie found this man's foolishness adorable.
Ivor smiled even more. "My honey is the best." With that, he leaned over and planted a deep kiss on Bonnie's cheek.
Bonnie pushed him away with a look of disdain. She rolled her eyes at him and said, "Why are you like this? Just talk! I think you're perfectly fine and don't need me to worry about you."
"Of course I need it. Your concern is what I've always longed for-rare and precious." Ivor hugged Bonnie tightly, unwilling to let go.
Bonnie gently patted his arm, seeing that he still hadn't let go, so she just let him be. "Forget it. I won't waste time talking nonsense with you. Let's talk about some real business next. What are you going to do about Finley?"
Ivor's expression turned dark. "I forgot to tell you something earlier. The Gemedia Group has already found Finley. I just sent Floyd to investigate her whereabouts this morning to see if we can persuade her to come over."
"What?" This news stunned Bonnie for a moment.
After reacting, she raised her delicately arched eyebrows and said, "There's no need for you to persuade her. It's useless."
###Chapter 743
Bonnie's response made Ivor vaguely aware that something was amiss. "Honey, why did you answer so confidently?"
Bonnie felt a slight pang of guilt when she faced Ivor's probing gaze. 'Oh no, I'm too quick with my mouth and almost said something I shouldn't have.'
Bonnie regained her composure in the blink of an eye.
"Both you and Gemedia Group have issued notices to find Finley, but she chose Gemedia Group first under such circumstances. I think it means she wants to work with them rather than you. So even if you find her, you won't be able to persuade her to come over,"
Bonnie's words echoed Ivor's thoughts.
"Apart from this, there are no other better solutions at the moment. We can only take it step by step.
"Then go for it." Bonnie reached out and patted Ivor's shoulder. "As for matters related to design, my expertise is not broad enough to help you."
Although her knowledge of design was indeed not extensive, she could give him a big surprise on the day Ivor went to negotiate the cooperation.
As for what the surprise was, she wouldn't say for now; it was best to keep an air of mystery.
Bonnie didn't think this way to be modest; she genuinely believed that among all her skills, design was her weakest area.
Ivor smiled and didn't bring up the matter again.
Time passed quickly, and soon, it was the day of the bidding for Ferryrover Jewelry sponsorship.
In the study, Ivor was frowning slightly.
"Even after asking you to invite other outstanding designers, you still couldn't find any?" Floyd shook his head, his tone full of frustration. "Those designers heard they were going to compete against Finley and immediately backed out. Not a single one was willing to take on this job." Ivor remained silent, but his eyes flashed with an obscure light.
Floyd cautiously asked, "Mr. Ivor, what should we do now? Are we still going?"
"Of course we are." Ivor slowly stood up from his chair and continued with a firm tone, "Until the last moment, I will never admit defeat."
Floyd nodded heavily and said, "Yes, Mr. Ivor."
Just as they were about to head out the door, Ivor noticed Bonnie strolling over from the backyard. So, instead of rushing to the car, he stood in place and waited for her. When she approached, he reached out and pulled her into his arms. "Honey, I'm about to participate in the bidding for the Ferryrover Jewelry sponsorship. Wish me success."
Bonnie shook her head. "I won't."
He didn't expect her to give such an answer. "Why not?"
Bonnie smirked, a hint of cunning flashing in her eyes. "Because... you're not going to lose."
Ivor was surprised. "Honey, you have high hopes for me. What if I lose? Won't that disappoint you?"
Bonnie raised her chin, her eyes flashing with a hint of pride and confidence. "Don't worry, I won't let you lose."
Ivor knew that the odds were not in his favor in this showdown with the Gemedia Group, so he assumed Bonnie was trying to comfort him.
He smiled and reached out to affectionately tousle her hair. "Well, thank you, my lucky charm. I will do my best to win this cooperation."
Bonnie was satisfied with Ivor's reaction and reached out to pat his shoulder. "Then go quickly. It's getting late."
"Okay," Ivor answered, and he turned to get into the car.
###Chapter 744
Bonnie watched as the Maybach gradually disappeared from view, then pulled out her phone and made a call.
"I have some personal matters to attend to today, so I won't be going to the research institute. Carry on with whatever you need to do. Don't wait for me," Bonnie said on the phone. The person on the other end immediately responded, "Alright, Ms. Bonita."
When Ivor got out of the car, he saw Shane also leaving his car outside the Ferryrover Jewelry store.
Without revealing any emotions, Ivor continued walking straight toward the lobby. However, he heard Shane's voice from behind.
"Mr. Ivor, don't be in such a hurry to leave. Don't you greet old acquaintances when you see them?"
Ivor halted his steps, turned around, and said expressionlessly, "How's your mother?"
Upon hearing this, Shane's face turned purple with anger. "Is that supposed to be funny?"
"Well, it's alright," he replied calmly.
Shane let out a long sigh, then smiled and said, "Mr. Ivor, why do you look so grim? Do you already know you'll lose before the bidding even starts?"
Ivor responded with a faint smile. "Whether I win or lose isn't for you to decide, and I also advise you not to be too happy too soon, lest you fail miserably."
Shane felt stifled. He had come to show off, but Ivor's indifferent attitude made him furious.
Since he couldn't achieve the desired effect, he decided not to waste any more words on Ivor. "Let's wait and see! Rest assured, I will ensure you see my success today!" Ivor remained calm. "I'll be waiting."
"Hmph!" Shane snorted heavily and turned away from Ivor, leaving in large strides.
Watching Shane's departing figure, Floyd felt indignant and asked, "So what if he found Finley before us? We've beaten him many times before but never flaunted like he does!" Shane's behavior was irritating.
Ivor glanced at him sideways and suddenly called out his name, "Floyd."
Floyd was stunned, then looked at Ivor and asked, "Mr. Ivor, what's up?"
"There's something I hope you'll remember," Ivor said, glancing in the direction Shane had left. "Don't argue with idiots."
Upon hearing this, Floyd laughed helplessly, "Haha, Mr. Ivor, you're quite humorous today."
Ivor smiled faintly and then strode forward. "Let's go."
Floyd quickly caught up with his steps and said, "Alright!"
Shane and Percy Crosby, the person in charge of Ferryrover Jewelry, were chatting happily at the bidding venue, and their conversation was seemingly delightful. Percy caught sight of Ivor's figure and immediately greeted him, "Mr. Ivor."
Ivor nodded slightly and found a seat to sit down.
Upon seeing this, Shane's eyes flashed with jealousy.
He looked at Percy Crosby and deliberately asked, "Mr. Percy, didn't you say before that whichever company finds Finley will enjoy the priority for cooperation?"
###Chapter 745
"Yes." Percy nodded.
He then suddenly remembered something, turned to Shane, and asked with his eyes gleaming, "Have you found Finley?"
Shane lifted his chin and gave Ivor a few arrogant looks. "Of course, I've found Finley a long time ago."
"Really?" Percy was a fan of Finley and had long wanted to meet her. Now, hearing Shane's words, he felt indescribably excited. "Where is Finley? Quick, bring her out!"
Shane didn't immediately respond to Percy's words. Instead, he turned to Ivor and smirked, "Mr. Ivor, I heard you've been looking for Finley too. Now that you're about to meet her, I wonder how you're feeling?' "Finley is well-known. I'm also eager to meet her." Ivor's tone remained calm, making it hard to discern his emotions.
'Pretentious!' Shane cursed inwardly, then turned to his assistant and said, "Since everyone wants to see Finley, go and bring her here."
"Yes." The assistant replied and brought Finley in soon.
"Mr. Shane, Finley is here."
When everyone turned to look, they saw Finley, who had long hair and appeared youthful and attractive.
Finley modestly stepped forward to greet them. "Hello, my name is Felecia Boyd, and Finley is my designer name. I've heard that you all like my work, and I'm grateful for your support. I will continue to work hard and strive for better achievements in the field of design."
Her voice was gentle, and her words were humble and polite, which left Percy with a favorable impression. "I didn't expect you to be so young. It's quite surprising that you have achieved such high accomplishments in design at such a young age."
Percy's words were not just praise; they were also a test. After all, he had been in the business world for many years and couldn't unquestioningly believe that someone was Finley just because they said so. Felecia understood his meaning and took out a stack of design drafts from her bag. "Mr. Percy, these are my previous works and the recent design drafts I've drawn. You can take a look." "Good!" Percy took the design drafts and carefully examined them. After looking at them several times, his hand holding the drafts trembled slightly. "A-Are you really Finley?!"
He looked at Felecia eagerly and said, "Finley, I'm your fan. Can you give me an autograph later?"
Felecia gave a faint smile. "Of course, it would be my pleasure to have your favor."
"Finley, y-you're too modest." Percy rubbed his hands together, his expression full of eagerness, as if he were meeting his idol.
Felecia remained calm, as if she were used to such occasions.
From this, Percy became more confident that Felecia was indeed Finley. After all, only those who were truly capable could remain calm and confident in the face of praises. When Shane saw them chatting enthusiastically, he spoke up in a timely manner, "Mr. Percy, since you've confirmed Finley's identity, about our cooperation..." Upon hearing this, Percy immediately made a decision.
###Chapter 746
"I'll stick to my previous words. Whichever company finds Finley, I will prioritize cooperating with that company. So, I will cooperate with Gemedia Group this time."
He glanced in the direction of Ivor. "Mr. Ivor, I want to apologize to you, but I still look forward to cooperating with the Knight family next time."
Ivor shook his head lightly. "It's okay. Since Mr. Shane found Finley first, this collaboration naturally belongs to him. I'm willing to admit defeat." He had anticipated this result, so he wasn't shocked by Percy's answer. However, the current Finley gave him a strange feeling...
This was still just his speculation. He wouldn't easily speak out without concrete evidence.
Percy smiled helplessly. "Indeed, Mr. Ivor, you have a great temperament."
Ivor responded indifferently, "Mr. Percy, you're too kind."
Shane's eyes toward Ivor were faintly mocking. "I never expected to hear you say the words 'admit defeat' in my lifetime. I wonder if you are truly convinced or if you're just speaking for the sake of it." Ivor turned his head slightly and gave Shane a disdainful glance. "And what about you? When we discussed the land in Larcbost before, you suffered a loss. You also said you admired me very much. "Now I'm curious, were you speaking sincerely, or were they just empty words? But judging from your current attitude, you're not very convinced."
Upon hearing Ivor touch his sore spot, Shane's face turned livid. "Regardless of the past, I outperformed you slightly this time, didn't I?"
"Hmm, indeed, you did slightly outperform me this time. And?" Ivor met Shane's resentful eyes with an insincere smile.
Shane ground his teeth, about to say something, when he saw Percy instructing his assistant to prepare for the signing of the contract.
Upon seeing this scene, his gloomy expression instantly faded, replaced by a faint smile.
"It's nothing. I'm just thrilled. I wanted to say it to make you happy, too. After all, once you get through this, you probably won't be happy anymore."
Ivor glanced at him indifferently. "Oh? Is that so?"
"Isn't it so? Our cooperation with Ferryrover Jewelry can help our company advance to a higher level. The position of the richest man in Pyralis will probably be mine in the future." Shane's smile grew wider as he spoke. "I wonder if you'll still be able to laugh then?"
Seeing Shane become increasingly outrageous, Floyd's fists clenched. He was about to speak when Ivor sensed his intention and stopped him. "Don't be impulsive."
Floyd had no choice but to forcibly suppress the surge of anger in his chest.
Ivor withdrew his gaze from him and looked at Shane. "Mr. Shane, with just one collaboration, do you think you can pull the Knight family down from that position? It's a bit of wishful thinking." Shane smirked. "We have to take it step by step. After all, who can predict the future?"
Ivor did not respond; he just chuckled coldly.
Just then, a high-level executive rushed into the conference room, panting heavily. He looked at Percy and said urgently, "Mr. Percy, s-someone outside is c-claiming she's the real Finley!"
###Chapter 747
"What?! Another Finley?"
Everyone's mouths fell open as they looked at Felecia with skeptical eyes.
Felecia's eyes flashed with panic. But she quickly calmed herself down and scolded the executive who rushed in, "Nonsense! I'm the real Finley. The person outside is just a fake. Don't let her cause trouble by letting her in and wasting everyone's time."
The executive turned to Percy and asked, "Mr. Percy, should we kick her out?"
"Don't rush." Percy, accustomed to storms, quickly decided. Standing up from his chair, he strolled to the executive and asked, "Besides claiming to be the real Finley, did she say anything else?"
"She gave me a stack of design drafts besides claiming to be the real Finley. She said these were her usual practice manuscripts and that as soon as you see this stack of manuscripts, you'll know who the real Finley is."
The executive handed the stack of drafts to Percy.
"She's just a scammer! You must not look at her things. Otherwise, you'll fall into her trap." Felecia immediately spoke up to stop Percy.
Although she didn't know if the person outside was the real Finley, she knew better than anyone that she was a fake herself.
'If the person outside is Finley, I'll be finished. So, no matter what, I have to stop Percy from looking at that person's things! Because the consequence of being exposed is too terrifying.'
Upon seeing Felecia's anxious expression, Shane narrowed his eyes and asked calmly, "What's the situation? Why are you in such a hurry? Could it be that you're a fake?"
Felecia's heart skipped a beat. She avoided his gaze, not daring to meet his eyes.
"How could I possibly be fake, Mr. Shane? I'm just trying not to waste your time on unrelated people."
Shane warned her sternly, "I hate deception the most. You'd better not deceive me. Otherwise, I have many ways to make you suffer."
Felecia's face turned pale, and she replied with a wry smile, "Mr. Shane, how could I have the courage to deceive you?"
She suddenly remembered that Finley had always been elusive, not appearing publicly for many years. So the purpose of the person outside should be the same as hers-to get a piece of the pie from the competition between the Knight Group and the Gemedia Group.
However, she was very confident in her abilities. She had copied Finley's work for many years and was confident no one could surpass her.
Felecia gradually regained her confidence, looked at Shane confidently, and said, "See what I said? That fake Finley has indeed influenced you. Now you're starting to doubt whether I'm the real one. Mr. Shane, I hope you can also trust me. Don't make me feel disappointed."
Hearing her confident words, Shane believed her somewhat, and his expression softened slightly.
"As long as you don't fool me, everything will be fine."
Felecia raised her hand to assure him, "Mr. Shane, you can rest assured that I will never do anything selfish and harmful to others."
Although Shane didn't respond, his expression showed that he believed Felecia's words.
Floyd overheard them talking and asked Ivor, "Mr. Ivor, do you think this Felecia is Finley or not?"
Ivor pondered for a moment and soon concluded.
###Chapter 748
"Most likely fake."
Floyd was taken aback. He quickly asked, "Mr. Ivor, how did you figure that out?"
"Intuition." Ivor looked at Felecia with a pensive expression.
He had long suspected the authenticity of this Finley. Now, he was even more convinced of his speculation through observation. After all, Felecia acted immaturely in every way, lacking the demeanor of a master, let alone Finley's international stature.
"Intuition?" Floyd wore a big question mark on his face.
"Yeah," Ivor responded lightly.
Just as he finished speaking, excited voices suddenly came from beside Percy.
"T-The person outside, she's the real Finley! Quickly, go and invite her in!"
As soon as these words were spoken, the scene erupted into chaos.
Shane was stunned. He looked at Percy and asked, "Mr. Percy, the one I found is the real Finley, right? Why do you say the person outside is the real one? Did something go wrong?"
Percy didn't explain much. Instead, he handed the stack of manuscripts to Shane.
"Mr. Shane, take a look for yourself. After you see it, you'll understand."
He then turned to the executive beside him and ordered, "What are you still standing around for? Hurry up and go invite Finley in!"
"Yes, yes, I'll go right away." The executive quickly hurried out.
Shane lowered his head and carefully examined the stack of manuscripts Percy handed him. After finishing, he compared it with Felecia's earlier designs.
Only after comparing them did he realize the stark differences. The latest manuscript had its own distinct style, showing exceptionally profound design skills. On the other hand, Felecia's work merely imitated the general outline, with completely different details and design styles.
The truth of who was real and who was fake became apparent at a glance.
No wonder the person outside was so confident earlier. It turned out that she was fully confident in her abilities.
Just as Shane thought this, the executive led the real Finley inside.
Finley was dressed in black, wrapped tightly from head to toe, with only a pair of eyes visible.
Upon seeing this scene, everyone sighed. This was what a true master looked like.
As for Felecia, she was nothing but a pretender.
###Chapter 749
Percy rubbed his hands together, a trace of caution evident on his face as he watched Finley enter.
"May I ask, are you the real Finley?"
Hidden under Finley's shell, Bonnie glanced around before speaking lightly, "Yes, I am Finley. If you don't believe it, I can design a sketch for you on the spot."
Although Percy had already confirmed Finley's identity when he saw those manuscripts, seeing a sketch on the spot was still prudent. He nodded repeatedly, obviously agreeing with the proposal. "If you can sketch on the spot, it would be most appropriate."
"Yes," Bonnie responded faintly. She shot a look at Felecia and asked, "Ms. Felecia, dare to compete with me?"
Felecia instantly felt exposed. She swallowed hard and responded with a forced tone, "Compete? Who's afraid of whom? I am the real Finley. I have no reason to fear you."
Bonnie raised the corner of his lips. "Then, Ms. Felecia, please go ahead."
With a heavy snort, Felecia sat down and began sketching the design. Bonnie stood silently with her arms crossed, watching without saying a word.
In less than 10 minutes, Felecia finished her sketch. When she saw the design in front of her, which was better than any of her previous ones, she immediately revealed a satisfied smile. She glanced triumphantly at Bonnie with a provocative smile.
"How about it? Are you still willing to compete with me? I advise you to admit defeat now to avoid crying later when you lose miserably."
Bonnie chuckled as if she had heard a funny joke.
"The one who will cry later will be you, not me. Your drawing is very similar and has some of my style, but you've only scratched the surface. You have a long way to go before you truly learn my design style! "Moreover, you not only lack skill but also humility. That's your biggest flaw. You can try to imitate my designs again when you learn to seek advice humbly."
Felecia's face darkened momentarily. She looked at Bonnie coldly and said, "Stop talking nonsense! Go ahead and draw. I want to see what you can come up with!"
Until now, she still firmly believed that the person in front of her was not the real Finley. After all, Finley had disappeared from the public eye for a long time. How could he suddenly appear, especially at Ferryrover Jewelry's bidding competition?
This was a bit too coincidental, so she concluded that the person in front of her was a fake Finley, with the same purpose as her to profit from the situation!
"You're stubborn, aren't you?" Bonnie shook his head and looked at her as if she were a fool, then picked up a pen and sketched on the paper.
A lifelike necklace sketch emerged on the paper in just two or three minutes. Not only were the lines clear, but the unique characteristics of the necklace were also prominent, making it a flawless sketch. When Felecia saw Bonnie sketching, she thought she was watching a joke. But the more she watched, the wider her mouth opened. Until the end, her mouth was wide enough to fit an egg.
###Chapter 750
"H-How did you... do this?" She remembered her previous teachers, none of whom could accomplish this feat in just two or three minutes. 'T-This strength, is it not heaven-defying?' The onlookers witnessed this scene unfolding, stunned beyond words. Finally, Percy led the applause.
"Well done! This design is drawn so well! It's no wonder you're Finley. You prove everything with your strength directly, without wasting words. I love people like you who are straightforward the most!"
With Percy applauding, others in the conference room followed suit. Applause filled the air.
Bonnie raised the corner of her lips and replied calmly. "Thank you for the praise, Mr. Percy."
"Finley, you're truly amazing! I would like to buy this sketch from you for our seasonal flagship necklace for 10 million dollars. Would you be willing?" When Percy raised this question, he was a bit nervous. It's said that people with extraordinary talent usually have peculiar tempers. He was curious to know if Finley would agree. Although it was only a sketch, it was something genuinely designed by Finley. Finley's work was priceless. It would be considered a bargain even if he bought it for ten million dollars.
Bonnie raised her eyebrows helplessly. "Are you sure you want to buy my sketch for 10 million?"
"Of course, I'm sincere. I wonder if you're willing to let go?" Percy looked at Bonnie eagerly, hoping she would give him this sketch.
Bonnie agreed without much thought, "It was just a casual sketch. Then, it's yours."
"Really? Finley, are you really willing to give me this sketch?" Percy was so excited that he could hardly contain himself, as if he could bounce up.
"Yes." Bonnie's voice was very light, but Percy was ecstatic as a child who had just received candy, dancing joyfully. "Thank you, Finley! Later, give me your account, and I'll have the finance department wire the money to you."
"Okay," Bonnie replied, subconsciously glancing toward Ivor.
Surprisingly, she found that Ivor also looked in their direction when she turned around. Not only was he looking at her, but he was also staring at her with a piercing gaze.
'Can it be that Ivor can still recognize her? But even if he did, it doesn't matter. I came here for Ivor, and my intentions were not hidden from him. I disguised myself like this to conceal my true appearance and avoid attracting more annoying people.'
Floyd noticed Ivor's gaze on Bonnie and asked in confusion, "Mr. Ivor, what are you looking at?"
Ivor scrutinized Bonnie for several moments before asking, "Do you feel that Finley's figure is somewhat similar to my honey's figure?"
###Chapter 751
Floyd's lips twitched. He could not help but say, "Gosh, Mr. Ivor. Does everyone remind you of Ms. Bonnie?"
Bonnie had disguised herself too well, yet Floyd did not know how Ivor concluded it was her. Floyd was confident his boss missed Bonnie so much that he began to see her everywhere.
"You seriously can't tell?" Ivor frowned. When he stared at Bonnie again, he fell into deep thought.
'She came to me before we came here. She said she'd never lose the bet. She wouldn't have said that if she wasn't confident, right? Is she really...'
Floyd helplessly replied, "I'm sorry, Mr. Ivor, I honestly can't tell how Ms. Finley resembles your fiancee."
Ivor glanced at him disdainfully and said, "Something must be wrong with your eyes. Maybe you should get them checked."
Floyd dared not talk back to his boss and could only grumble quietly, "My eyes are fine. Why would Mr. Ivor say that? He must miss his fiancee too much. It's only been several hours, yet he can't stand it already. That's why he sees her everywhere."
Ivor did not quite hear Floyd's grumbling. The former glanced at his assistant and asked, "What are you mumbling about? Are you badmouthing me behind my back?"
Floyd quickly shook his head. "I-I wouldn't dare, Mr. Ivor!"
Ivor scoffed lightly. "You better not."
Floyd chuckled dryly and gestured to zip his mouth.
Meanwhile, Bonnie stood just a short distance from the duo and heard their entire exchange. She could not help but smirk and giggle. Suddenly, she heard a furious voice, "I thought you told me you're Finley! Explain how this happened now!"
Bonnie looked toward the voice and saw Shane glaring at Felecia. On the other hand, Felecia did not expect the real Finley to show up here.
Felecia did not know how to explain herself. Since she was out of options, she stuck to her act, saying, "I-I'm sorry, Shane. I didn't mean to lie to you. I-It's just that I've admired you for so long and wanted to work for Gemedia Group. Please don't—”
Before she could finish, Shane roared, "Shut the hell up! You can't expect me to trust you after what happened!"
He was furious, panting heavily as his face reddened. Then, he saw his assistant from the corner of his eyes, intensifying his fury.
Shane questioned his assistant, "You told me you found the real Finley. You even asked various sources to verify her identity. How did it all come to this?!"
The assistant lowered their head and explained, "I-I did check her identity with various sources, Mr. Shane. Based on the information I acquired, her resume was impressive, and she won multiple awards. That's why I thought she was the real deal. I-I didn't know she was an impostor."
###Chapter 752
Shane sighed and tried hard to suppress his anger. He said, "Take the impostor away. I'll clean up this mess and deal with her when I'm done."
"R-Right away, Mr. Shane," the assistant replied, waving for the bodyguards to seize Felecia.
Immediately after, she cried and begged, "Shane! I didn't mean to lie to you. Please give me another chance!"
Shane detested Felecia. "Get her out of my sight!"
While the guards dragged her away, Shane looked at Bonnie sparklingly. He had just thought of a good idea. He smiled and approached, saying sheepishly, "Greetings, Ms. Finley. I'm Shane from Gemedia Group."
She glanced at him and said coldly, "Can I help you?"
"H-Here's the thing, Ms. Finley. My company needs a top-tier jeweler, and you're the perfect candidate. I want to hire you with a thirteen-million-dollar annual salary plus commission. That's a sincere offer, Ms. Finley!"
Shane knew he had to be modest toward her. After all, he needed her to be his company's lead designer. Then, he would use her to take the Knight Group down a peg and make himself look good.
'Although a thirteen-million-dollar salary might be overkill, getting her on my side will be worth every penny.'
"You're willing to pay me that much, huh?" Bonnie said sarcastically, "Gosh, you're throwing a lot of money at me."
Shane thought he had piqued her interest and proceeded to push it. "That's not it, Ms. Finley. You're just worth that much. I promise to give you anything you want if you work for my company."
Ivor noticed Shane openly poaching his designer. The former stood up slowly and was about to say something when Finley turned and looked at him, saying, "Indeed, that's an attractive offer, Mr. Shane. However, I've decided to work with the Knight Group. I'll have to reject your offer.”
Shane felt a sense of deja vu at that moment. He recalled going to Tang Fusion Studios to talk to Hamish. Back then, he also got rejected, similar to what Finley did just now.
Shane's fury welled within him. He sneered but said calmly, "Pardon me, Ms. Finley, you should've instantly turned me down when I made my offer. Why did you play me for a fool earlier? Did you find it amusing?"
He knew he could not offend the renowned jeweler and tried his best to stay calm. However, he had suffered too many setbacks and could no longer bear it.
Bonnie turned and glanced at Shane casually. "Is there a problem with me choosing to work with the Knight Group? It's my decision, and I can choose to work with whoever I want. You don't get to teach me how to do my job."
###Chapter 753
Shane was stumped, not knowing how to retort. He took several breaths to suppress the anger boiling in his chest. Then, through gritted teeth, he said, "Of course not, Ms. Finley. I can't tell you how to do your job."
He turned to Percy and said, "I think my work here is done. I'll leave you and Mr. Ivor to it."
Shane headed toward the entrance, looking furious as he thought, 'This is the only thing I can do now. After finding the real Finley, I thought I'd finally work with Ferryrover Jewelry. I thought I could finally take Ivor down a peg.'
Shane never expected to become the butt of the joke. He was sure Percy would not give him the collaboration even if he stayed around. Since that was the case, Shane decided to leave before enduring any more humiliation.
Meanwhile, Ivor watched Shane leave. Then, the former turned to Bonnie and mouthed her actual name.
Bonnie realized he was not being ambiguous. She raised her brow and smirked but did not respond to Ivor. Instead, she was content with keeping up the mystery.
A moment later, Percy presented contracts to the duo. "Mr. Ivor, this collaboration is undoubtedly yours. Here's to a smooth journey."
"Why, of course." Ivor shook Percy's hand and then signed the bottom of the contract.
Percy tucked it away and smiled. "I'm surprised, Mr. Ivor. I never thought your social circle would be so wide that you'd know someone as prestigious as Ms. Finley." Ivor smirked discreetly at Bonnie, saying, "That makes two of us. I never expected Ms. Finley to come to my aid."
Percy was stunned.
"You didn't expect her to help you?" Percy instinctively turned to Bonnie and asked, "Ms. Finley, when did you become Mr. Ivor's acquaintance?"
"Not only are we acquaintances, but we're pretty close."
Before this, Ivor was unsure of himself. He was still trying to determine whether Finley was Bonnie. However, her response gave him the answer he needed.
'I thought so. She's Bonnie, after all,' with that thought in mind, Ivor's smile grew wider.
Ivor added, "Forgive me for not recognizing you earlier, Ms. Finley. That was a foolish mistake on my part."
Bonnie scoffed when she realized he had figured her out. Instead of responding to him, she glanced at Percy and said, "Thanks for having me, Percy. If there's nothing else, I'll be taking my leave. Here's to a smooth collaboration between Ferryrover Jewelry and Knight Group."
Percy noticed there was more than met the eye with Finley and Ivor but did not say it out loud. Instead, he responded smilingly, "Hopefully, we manifest that. That said, I believe everything will go without a hitch between Ivor and me."
Ivor nodded in agreement and said, "Naturally, Percy. I'm sure our companies will create something remarkable."
The trio stood up and chatted with each other for a while. Once the conversation ended, Bonnie took the initiative to leave.
###Chapter 754
Ivor saw Bonnie leaving and hurried after her. However, he did not speak until they reached Ferryrover Jewelry's entrance. "Ms. Finley, you remind me of someone I'm close to. Do you have a minute?" She knew he would wait until she was along to ask her that, so she did not turn him down. Bonnie tilted her head toward a car and said, "Sure, let's talk in there."
"All right." Ivor smiled and looked at her as he approached the car. That was when Floyd called out to him.
Floyd whispered, "I mean it, Mr. Ivor. She isn't Bonnie. Don't poke around, or you'll embarrass yourself. Worse, you'll make things awkward."
Ivor asked, "What makes you so sure she isn't Bonnie? How can you tell?"
"Just think about it, Mr. Ivor. Not only is she Ms. Bonita, but she's also extraordinarily talented in every field. Ms. Bonnie possesses an inhuman number of achievements, too. I know she's a genius, but can she be Finley, too? Your judgment must be skewed, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor grinned, saying, "All right, if you're so sure Finley and Bonnie aren't the same person, follow me to the car. We'll find out who's right then."
Floyd nodded enthusiastically. "Say what you want, Mr. Ivor, but you bet on the wrong horse. There's no way Ms. Bonnie is Ms. Finley."
Floyd and Ivor were still chatting as they opened the car door and entered. Then, the former turned around to look at the backseat, and his eyes widened with surprise.
Meanwhile, Bonnie waved and calmly greeted him, "Howdy."
Floyd gulped, unable to believe his eyes. "W-Wait a minute! Y-You're working on multiple jobs, Ms. Bonnie? How do you have time to design jewelry? You must have crazy time-management skills!"
'Ms. Bonnie isn't human. Not only is she proficient in every imaginable area, but she excels at them. That's so badass!'
"It's not as hard as you think. I picked up on jewelry design because I became interested in it. So, I started studying it whenever I had time. I never poured much effort into it, either. So, why would I feel tired?" Bonnie responded casually.
'Sh-she just said she never poured much effort into it, yet she's one of the most popular jewelers. She's bragging about her talent without even knowing it.'
Floyd was envious, asking, "When will I become as incredible as you, Ms. Bonnie?"
She patted his shoulder and said, "You can do it. Just work harder. I'm sure you'll overtake me in the future."
Floyd was shocked. His lips twitched as he responded, "Forget about it, Ms. Bonnie. I don't have what it takes to be like you."
Bonnie giggled. Then, she felt a hand on her shoulder as Ivor's charming voice sounded, "How many secrets have you kept from me, Bonnie?"
'She's like Pandora's Box. A pleasant surprise awaits me whenever it opens. Bonnie's so capable that I don't feel safe anymore. It took me a great effort to win her heart. What'll I do if she slips away while I'm not looking?'
###Chapter 755
Bonnie raised her brow at Ivor, asking, "Don't you think it'll be less fun if I tell you everything?"
Ivor chuckled. "Are you telling me you're purposely stringing me along?"
"It'll be more fun if you slowly dig up my secrets. What's wrong? Aren't you patient enough to learn about me?" Bonnie lifted her chin, her eyes filled with humor and mischief.
Ivor chuckled again and held her tighter. "It's not about patience. It's just how incredible you are. I fear someone else will try to steal you from me."
Bonnie turned to look at him and asked, "Have you always had such a low opinion of yourself?"
"I've always felt unsure around you. I thought you knew that," Ivor admitted.
"Here's the thing." Bonnie yanked his tie and stared into his eyes. "The man I fell in love with is the most incredible and excellent person on the planet. You're the one who can say you're my equal.
"We can support and improve each other, too. If you keep underestimating yourself, I might fall out of love with you."
Ivor knew she said all that on purpose. It was Bonnie's way of building his confidence in their relationship. He was thrilled and moved to hear her say such things.
Meanwhile, Ivor only sounded unconfident because he wanted her to soothe him. After all, he would not have become the family head if he constantly beat himself up over nothing, not to mention leading the family's company to massive success.
"I understand, Bonnie. I'll never repeat such words to upset you."
Bonnie pretended to be mad and pouted. She said sternly, "I'll hold you to it. If I catch you repeating those words, I'll start ignoring you."
"Okay, I swear not to repeat the same mistake." Ivor smiled.
Ivor parked his Maybach at the villa entrance and exited the car to open Bonnie's door. When she got out, she yawned and said, "I woke up too early today. I bushed."
Ivor went beside her and said warmly, "You should get some shut-eye, then. I'll wake you when dinner's ready."
"That works for me," she responded. Then, she yawned again and headed toward her room upstairs.
Ivor watched her leave and then turned to Floyd abruptly. "I need you to do something for me."
Floyd responded, "What is it, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor proceeded to relay his order briefly. Afterward, Floyd's eyes widened in surprise as he gasped. "M-Mr. Ivor, that's... Th-that's just "
Ivor glanced sidelong at him. "What's wrong?"
Floyd closed his mouth and waved. "N-Nothing, Mr. Ivor. It's such a last-minute decision. That's all."
"If you know it's last minute, why are you still here? How can you make it in time if you don't leave now?" Ivor's questioning made Floyd panic.
The latter spoke faster than usual, "Understood, Mr. Ivor! I'll get on it now."
Bonnie slept for a long while. It was already nighttime when she finally woke up and washed her face. "Ivor? Ivor!"
She called out to him several times but received no response.
'That's weird. I thought Ivor told me he'd wake me up once dinner's ready.'
###Chapter 756
'Not only did Ivor not wake Bonnie up for dinner, but he had gone missing. She wondered where he was. It was also so dark outside that she thought the villa had a power outage. Her mind was full of questions but no answers.
Bonnie returned to her room and got her phone to turn on its flashlight before going downstairs.
'Under normal circumstances, a power outage would be impossible since the villa has its own power supply. It's probably Ivor's doing. If he's being so mysterious, he's probably planning some grand gesture. Still, I have no idea what he's doing.'
As she descended the stairs and entered the living room, she heard loud noises around her.
Thud, thud! Thud!
Immediately after, all the lights turned on, and Bonnie could not resist looking around. Before she knew it, she saw a sea of roses from the ceiling to the carpet, with a long table in the middle.
Ivor had set up a candlelight dinner, creating a romantic and picturesque vibe throughout the living room.
Bonnie could not help but grin.
'I knew there was a reason all the lights were off. Ivor was missing, too. It turns out he was hoping to surprise me.'
As she was thinking, she heard Ivor's charming voice, "I learned this song just for you, Bonnie. I hope you like it."
She turned to gaze toward the voice and saw Ivor sitting at a piano. He wore a black tuxedo with a white piano before him. The chandelier shined on him, accentuating his features. Even his every movement brimmed with grace and sophistication.
Bonnie could not help but sigh.
'Ivor's such a wonderful man. He's perfect, yet he always feels he's not good enough for me. I just don't get why he thinks so. He's proud to have me as his soulmate, and I'm happy to have him, too. Why doesn't he believe that?'
Plink, plink, plonk!
Musical notes echoed.
Bonnie only heard the intro and already knew the song title. After all, a famous pianist in Arvandor composed it for the woman he loved deeply. Naturally, the song title was "Dearly Beloved."
The song told a bittersweet and poignant love tale. Ivor played it wonderfully and injected a sentiment into the notes so rich that it immersed Bonnie utterly. She did not even realize it until he finished. Afterward, Ivor rose from his seat and approached Bonnie with a bouquet. He looked at her lovingly, giving her the bouquet of fresh, pink roses. "These are for you, Bonnie."
Boonie took the flowers and could not help but gaze across the living room to admire the sea of roses. She giggled and teased him, "You decorated the room with red roses, but why did you give me pink roses instead? Is there a special meaning to it?"
"Of course, there is." Ivor held her waist. The pink roses are unique in this room. They represent my love for you and only you. The red ones are decoration pieces to remind you that my love is only for you." Bonnie held the bouquet and smiled, asking, "Do you think comparing the pink and red roses is enough to convey your unique love for me?"
The pink roses were delicate but paled to her smile. At that moment, Ivor thought, 'Bonnie's much more delicate than any flower. As far as I can tell, the flowers don't hold a candle to her beauty.' Ivor did not speak. Instead, he just stared at Bonnie.
She waved at him and asked, "What's wrong, Ivor? Cat got your tongue?"
###Chapter 757
Ivor returned to his senses and stared into Bonnie's eyes, which reminded him of stars. "Sorry, your beauty took me out of this world for a moment."
She glanced at him and said, "Here we go again. Don't you ever get tired of that?"
She pushed at his chest. Surprisingly, he grabbed her waist and said, "I like saying stuff like that."
Bonnie tried pulling her hands away, but it was futile. Even so, she did not try too hard. "That sounds like a you problem."
Ivor lowered his head to lean closer to her. "Don't you like it?"
His voice was so mesmerizing that Bonnie almost could not help but blush. Ivor was happy when he noticed it.
Then, he looked at the pink roses and answered her earlier question, "The red and pink roses are merely one way to show how my love for you is unique. As for how special and important you are to me, I'll prove it with actions."
Ivor's words were so genuine that they stirred something in Bonnie's heart. The sentiment churned in her chest as she hugged him back tightly.
"Ivor!" She said nothing sweet or moving. She only called out his name, her voice trembling. It was more than enough to convey her feelings for him.
Ivor lowered his head and rested his chin on Bonnie's shoulder. His charming voice brimmed with affection as he said, "I love you, Bonnie."
A moment later, she heard fireworks exploding.
Boom! Crackle!
They flew into the night sky and lit up the darkness. The gorgeous fireworks reflected in Bonnie's eyes, and she turned to look at Ivor. Suddenly, she felt honored to have someone like him to spend the rest of her life with.
Ivor noticed her looking at him and asked, "Do you like the fireworks, Bonnie?"
"I love them. They're wonderful." Bonnie led Ivor to the dining table. "You must be tired from working all day. Was preparing all this troublesome?"
"Of course not. It's meaningful since I did it for you." Ivor followed along. Once they reached the table, he pulled her chair out. "Have a seat."
"Thanks." Bonnie put the bouquet onto the table and took a seat. Although it was a small gesture, it warmed her heart.
Then, Ivor took his seat and poured Bonnie some red wine before pushing a plate of cut-up steak to her. "You like your steak medium rare, right?"
"Yeah, thanks, Ivor." She ate one of the pieces. "Mmm, it's good."
Then she raised her wine glass and sniffed it. A moment later, she looked at him and raised her brows, asking, "Is this the Screaming Eagle Cabernet Sauvignon? It's a strong wine-you've just poured me a huge glass. Are you trying to get me drunk?"
"What are you talking about?" Ivor did not know how to react to her response.
###Chapter 758
"One of my business partners gave me this fine bottle of wine. We wouldn't have a chance to drink it under normal circumstances, so I thought tonight was a perfect opportunity." "Are you sure about that?" Bonnie was skeptical.
"Of course I am. Why would I be plotting anything?" Ivor said matter-of-factly.
Instead of responding, Bonnie snorted lightly. Although she trusted him, she would be lying if she wholeheartedly believed his story. After all, he had tried to fool her one too many times. She had to be vigilant around him.
"Hurry and eat the steak. The texture will change if it gets too cold," Ivor said as he proceeded to pour more red wine into her glass.
Bonnie silently watched as he did that. Then, she sipped the wine, thinking, 'It's strong, but it won't make me pass out. I guess I'll wait and see what he plans to do.'
Ivor noticed her deliberate stare and could not help but chuckle. "Why are you staring at me? Do you have something to say?"
She shook her head. "Nuh-uh."
Ivor glanced sideways at the wine bottle and realized it was already half empty. Then, he looked at her and asked, "Should we finish the wine? Otherwise, it'll be a waste." "Sure, why not?" Bonnie did not find his words suspicious.
'Since I'm not in a hurry, I'll wait and see what he has planned.'
"Perfect." Ivor smiled as he clinked his glass with hers. "Cheers for getting me the collaboration, Bonnie."
"Cheers, Ivor." Bonnie downed her wine.
The duo intermittently emptied their glasses. Soon after, they finished the whole bottle. Bonnie began to feel dizzy and could not help but shake her head.
'I'm not a lousy drinker, but why am I drunk already? I can't let this go on. I have to get up and walk around to sober up. Otherwise, it'll worsen.'
At that thought, Bonnie propped herself on the table and stood up. However, she snagged the tablecloth and spilled everything in her direction.
Crash!
Although she swiftly backed off as the plates, utensils, and glasses fell to the floor, she was not fast enough. The sauce from the dishes spilled on her clothes, too. Ivor bolted upright and pulled Bonnie back, asking, "Are you okay? Did you get hurt?"
She shook her head. "I'm all right. Still, I almost flipped the freaking table and ruined everything you worked so hard to prepare."
Ivor laughed and brushed her hair behind her ear. He said, "We've already finished eating. It's okay if the rest fell on the floor. What matters most is that you're okay."
"Yeah. I drank too much wine, and now I'm dizzy. It's hard to control how I move." Bonnie rubbed her brows but still felt dizzy.
"The wine must've been too potent. We've also been drinking for a while, and your body simply couldn't adjust. You should take a break since you're drunk. I'll send you back to the room. You can shower and sleep."
"Okay, thank you." Bonnie's dizziness was awful, so she leaned into Ivor's arms.
He noticed her submissiveness and smiled as he helped her up the stairs.
###Chapter 759
Floyd watched the couple go upstairs. Then, he told Alfred and the housekeepers to clean up the place.
Floyd recalled how Ivor played the piano for Bonnie and how romantic it was. As the former helped the housekeepers clean up, he could not help but sigh and say, "It must be great to have a soulmate like that. I wonder when my life partner will show up."
'I guess I'm doomed to work for someone else forever.'
Alfred glanced at Floyd and teased him, "Are you considering getting a girlfriend? How about I set you up with some blind dates?"
The latter's eyes gleamed initially. Then, Floyd thought about something and shook his head. "Forget about it. You can't push these things. I guess I'll just wait for my turn. I believe my better half and I will find each other someday."
Alfred smiled and said nothing further.
Bonnie felt sticky all over from the food that spilled on her. She was about to remove her clothes when she saw Ivor standing in her room. He did not look like he was about to leave, either.
Bonnie stopped and said, "I'm about to shower. Aren't you going to leave?"
Ivor walked closer to her and said, "You're drunk, right? I'll help you."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him, her expression saying, "I knew it."
"Hmph, you're finally showing your cards, Ivor. Did you think you could hide them from me?"
She knew he was up to no good when she saw him taking out the more potent wine earlier. Ivor's words all but confirmed her suspicions.
Although Bonnie discovered Ivor's intentions, he innocently spouted nonsense, "I'm just worried you might hurt yourself in the shower. After all, you're pretty drunk, and the bathroom floor will get slippery. What'll happen if you fall?"
"You don't need to worry about that. I'll never slip and fall." Bonnie rolled her eyes at him again. "Fine, stay here if you want. I'll still shower by myself."
She turned away from him and took a fresh set of clothes before heading to the bathroom. As she was about to close the door, Ivor pushed against it and squeezed through the crack with a smile. "Let me help you, Bonnie. I mean it. It's dangerous to bathe alone in your condition. I'm just here to bathe you. I won't do anything else."
She looked at him condescendingly and asked, "Do you honestly think that'll work?"
'Jeez, Ivor's change. He'll spin any lie just to take advantage of me.'
Ivor said, "What do you mean? I'm not trying to trick you. I meant what I said. I'm genuinely worried about you."
Bonnie crossed her arms and said sarcastically, "Well, believe me when I tell you there's nothing to worry about. I've never been safer than when you're not around me."
However, she still failed to deter Ivor. Instead, he continued to convince her, "I'm serious, Bonnie. I'm not fooling around."
"Then, do you think I'm fooling around?" Bonnie glanced sidelong at him. Then, something occurred to her, and she grinned. She approached him and asked, "Do you want to bathe me?"
Her face was inches away from Ivor. Her brows and rosy lips were captivating, too. She drew closer to him whenever she fluttered her eyes.
Ivor gulped and took a step closer to her. The couple was so close that they could feel each other's breaths. He stared at her and said s***, "Of course I do. Why would I joke about something like that?" Bonnie scoffed and pulled his tie before swirling it around her finger.
###Chapter 760
As Ivor and Bonnie's noses were about to touch, the latter stopped and stared at him profoundly. She said, "How about we bathe together? Maybe we can scrub each other's backs." Ivor believed her wholeheartedly as his breathing intensified. Then, he said earnestly, "Oh, okay. Of course, we can."
He wanted it to happen so badly. It would be an overstatement to say it was what he had always dreamed of. Still, he dared not show it as he did not want to seem too eager and turn Bonnie off. She asked again, "Do you want to do it?"
"Yeah!" Ivor replied swiftly and firmly. He feared she would change her mind if he responded a second later.
"How much do you want it?"
"Very much."
A hint of mockery flashed in Bonnie's eyes. Suddenly, she shoved him away and rolled her eyes at him. "Dream on!"
She slammed the door in Ivor's face, and the loud b*** snapped him out of his trance. Ivor stared at the door and could not decide whether to be mad or amused. "You know how to keep me on the hook, Bonnie."
Bonnie replied, "You're the one who's constantly trying to take advantage of me."
Ivor said helplessly, "I'm a man, and it's normal to do that, not to mention you're the woman I love. Do you think I can stop myself from doing that? I didn't have such thoughts initially, Bonnie. Still, I couldn't help myself once you fluttered your eyes at me. I hope you can understand that."
Bonnie said sternly, "I understand that you have needs and desires, but you promised you wouldn't do anything to me until we're married. I expect you to keep your word, Ivor. Don't cross the line, or you'll do something I think is intolerable. I'll never agree to do anything before marriage."
Although it was not as severe as she made it sound, she wanted to keep her stance.
"I get it, Bonnie. I'll leave now. Be careful in there."
Bonnie heard Ivor's footsteps leading away from the bathroom and felt slightly regretful.
'Did I go overboard? After all, he's a man with needs and desires. It's only normal for him to want to do it with his loved one. Not only did I refuse, but I shut him out. That might've been inappropriate of me.' The more Bonnie thought about it, the more regretful she felt. She held the doorknob and pulled it, expecting to see the lonely Ivor leaving. Suddenly, he appeared from his hiding spot and kissed her cheek. He had already leaned back before Bonnie could return to her senses. He said, "I know I can't overstep, but a peck on the cheek isn't too much, right?"
Then, as if he feared she would get mad, he added, "Good night, Bonnie. I'm going to hit the hay now."
Ivor left the room as Bonnie watched. She then rubbed her eyebrows and smiled helplessly.
'He can be such a doofus sometimes. Still, he's adorable.'
The following day, Bonnie woke up and saw Ivor waiting for her in the dining room. The latter saw her and got up, asking, "Did you sleep well last night?" She glanced at him and asked, "What do you think?"
###Chapter 761
'Ivor's improving on sneaking up on me. Not only did he steal a kiss from me last night, but he also snuck into my bed. He didn't do anything, but I couldn't sleep until midnight because of him. How was I
supposed to sleep well?'
Ivor gazed at Bonnie and recalled how he snuck up on her. Feeling embarrassed, he changed the topic out of guilt, "The new chef made your favorites for breakfast. It's homemade pizza. Have a taste and tell me what you think."
She watched as he offered her a slice. She scoffed lightly and said, "Since you put it that way, I guess I'll have a bite."
Considering how she spoke, Ivor knew she had forgiven him. He smiled and said, "It smells good, so it should taste just as well. Enjoy."
"Okay," Bonnie replied and took a small bite.
Immediately after, Ivor asked, "So, how is it? Is it any good?"
"It's not bad." Bonnie reacted neutrally. Then, something occurred to her, and she looked at him. "Hurry up and finish your breakfast. I have something to show you."
Anything she said seemed to pique his interest. He could not help but ask, "What is it?"
Bonnie gestured for him to have breakfast, saying, "I thought I said I'd show you after breakfast. Eat up.'
"Okay." Ivor did not ask further. Instead, he lowered his head and tucked into his breakfast.
Ten minutes later, the couple finished eating, and Ivor asked, "Okay, you said you'd show me something, right? Let me see it."
"Damn, can't you wait? You're that eager to see it, huh?" Bonnie helplessly shook her head and pulled out her phone to show it to him. "Here, see for yourself."
Ivor took the phone and read it.
Bonnie had logged into her research institute's official Twitter account and made an official announcement. It stated they would cancel their collaboration with Gemedia Group and never consider a future partnership.
Simply put, Bonita Research Institute had blacklisted Gemedia Group once and for all.
Bonita was the most significant figure in Arvandor and commanded massive respect from everyone in the nation. Her announcement sparked intense public discussion.
"I wonder what Gemedia Group did to warrant such a thing. Why would Ms. Bonia make such an announcement?"
"My guess is as good as yours. Was Gemedia Group involved in a scandal or something?"
"They could be a ticking time bomb. We should be careful working with them. Otherwise, they might drag us down."
Ivor read the comments and got worked up. "B-Bonnie, why would you pull such a stunt?! I can't believe you're giving up working with a company as huge as Gemedia Group! That's a considerable sacrifice you're making for me, Bonnie."
Although he had bad blood with Shane, Ivor would have understood if Bonnie's research institute needed to collaborate with Gemedia Group. Ivor would not dream of stopping her, either.
'I never thought Bonnie would use her research institute's name to give up on them for me.'
###Chapter 762
'Bonita and her research institute command respect in the world of scientific research in Arvandor. Now that she made this announcement, it doesn't take a genius to know that she has effectively buried the
Gemedia Group's future.'
Ivor was moved and did not know what to say.
"What's the big deal?" Bonnie lifted her chin. The arrogance in her tone was unmistakable, "He's so nasty to my fiancé. Of course, I'm going to make him pay for it. What gave him the idea that he could just mess with you the way he did?
"I want him to know that you have some strong backing. Anyone who picks on you in the future will suffer worse fates!"
He was so moved when he heard what she said. Taking brisk steps toward her, he pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight.
"I appreciate that you stood up for me, Bonnie. You're the best."
Reaching out, she patted him on the shoulder gently.
"Stop saying that. You've made a lot of sacrifices for me as well. We both have. That's how it works between us. We make sacrifices for each other."
He heard what he said and tightened his embrace.
"Yeah. We make sacrifices for each other because we love each other."
Bonnie and Ivor might've been basking in a sweet and loving moment, but the same couldn't be said for Shane.
Since Bonita Research Institute announced, he went through the roof. Everyone in his company was preoccupied with fixing the damage.
Putting his hands behind him, he paced back and forth frantically in his office. His brows knitted tightly as well.
"What on earth is happening here? Why would Ms. Bonita make such an announcement out of nowhere? If memory serves me right, I've never interacted with her, not even once, let alone offend her. "What she's doing now is effectively pinpointing my company. How am I supposed to survive in Arvandor, then?"
He knew far too well how much influence she wielded in the nation. He wouldn't have been this agitated otherwise. He could never understand why she'd do something like this for his life.
Even his assistant looked bewildered. "Not even someone like you knows what's happening, Mr. Shane. I simply stand no chance of finding out. After all, I'm just a small potato. So, how am I supposed to contact someone like her?"
Shane rubbed his eyebrow hard. The headache was killing him.
"Why on earth would she do this? Just why?"
His assistant stood to the side and didn't dare make a peep.
Meanwhile, he continued to pace back and forth, churning his mind and trying to recall if he had done anything that would cross Bonita and her research institute.
The more he pondered on it, the more confused he got.
'I can't figure it out. When have I done anything to offend her? Have I talked to her at all?'
His assistant watched him walking back and forth. Then, something occurred to him. He couldn't help but say, "O-Our stock market is opening soon, Mr. Shane. With Ms. Bonita's announcement, we might just see a drop in our stock."
He was busy thinking about why Bonita had pinpointed them earlier. He never thought he should worry about his company's stock.
Now that his assistant had reminded him, he suddenly realized that the debacle might have serious repercussions.
"Hurry up and tell the public relations department to suppress the negative comments and news about our company. We have to do something before the stock market opens. We'll review our next move after we get over this hump."
His assistant lowered his head and checked the time. "There's only over an hour until our stock market opens. Do you think they can repair the damage in time?"
"Just do what I say. What's with all the crap?" He roared.
"Copy that." Not daring to utter another word, his assistant left and did his bidding.
The last hour was hell for Shane. He felt like a helpless prey that could do nothing before the leopard. All he could do was wait. There was simply nothing else he could do.
An hour passed. The moment his assistant hurriedly entered his office, he stepped forward immediately. "How did it go? Do you know the results already? Is there a horrible drop in our stocks?"
###Chapter 763
Shane's assistant looked at him for a second. The former tried to say something before wondering if it was worth telling him the truth.
"How did our stock do? Hurry up and tell me! Why are you stuttering?" Shane was very agitated, seeing his assistant like this. He couldn't control the fury in his chest and roared.
"I-It's not that I don't want to say it, Mr. Shane. I'm worried you can't take the news if I do." His assistant looked troubled.
'Mr. Shane had some health issues to begin with. What if he passed out after I told him the news? I can't afford to bear something like that.'
"Cut the crap, Archie. Just do as I say and tell me what I want to know!" Shane's face turned red. He was pissed off.
Archie looked at his CEO, sighed, and laid everything on the latter.
"The company stock has plummeted since Ms. Bonita made the sudden announcement, and it's still dropping as we speak.
"Our public shareholders couldn't process it and left nasty remarks on our official account. At the same time, they're looking for ways to sell their stocks at a much lower price. If this keeps up, our company will face disastrous losses."
Shane knew things were serious, but he had never expected it to be this dire.
At that moment, it felt as if the entire world was swirling. His face turned so pale that it was devoid of color. He wobbled a little before slumping onto the floor.
Archie went over and helped him up immediately. Then, he led his CEO to a chair.
"Are you okay, Mr. Shane?"
Shane waved his hand. "I-I'm fine. Hurry up and figure out something to stabilize our collaborators. Do your best to avoid losing too many of them. If we suffer huge losses like this, we might no longer be the top one hundred most prestigious companies worldwide."
"Roger." Archie had just responded when his phone started buzzing.
Pulling out the phone, he realized it was none other than one of the collaborators. For a moment there, he wasn't sure if he should answer it. So, he showed it to Shane and said, "It's one of our biggest collaborators, Mr. Briggs. Do you want to answer it, Mr. Shane?"
Shane had a bad feeling about it as he stared at the phone.
'With that said, I can't escape what happened. I have to answer the phone.'
At the thought of it, he patted his chest and took the phone from Archie. Then, he composed himself and spoke with a smile.
"To what do I owe the pleasure, Briggs? Are you calling about another collaboration?"
"I've seen everything on the internet, Shane. I think this is where our collaboration ends. Also, you can forget about looking for me again."
Briggs's cold voice further unnerved him, and he felt a sinking feeling in his gut.
"We've been partners for a long time, Briggs. I believe you know more about my character than anyone else. How could you just throw everything out the window over something you read online? It isn't fair at all."
Briggs sighed helplessly, "Believe me, Shane. I don't want it to turn out like this, either. However, I can't find a better way to overcome this debacle! Moreover, you're well aware of how influential Ms. Bonita is.
"If I continue to collaborate with you, my company will suffer along with yours. I'd appreciate your understanding."
Shane parted his lips and was about to say something, but Briggs spoke before he could.
"That's the reason I gave you this call, Shane. Farewell."
###Chapter 764
The next moment, Briggs hung up the call, not showing Shane any respect.
Shane looked at the phone and tightened his grip so much that the veins on his hands popped.
"How on earth did it come to this? Why is this happening?"
Be that as it may, things were far from over.
He barely had time to breathe when several business associates called him and asked him to terminate every current collaboration. Worse, they all announced it on their official accounts as if they were worried about being dragged down by him.
All of these, in turn, caused the Gemedia Group's stock to drop even further. By the end, it was downright pathetic and miserable.
Shane sat on his chair and watched as his company stock plummeted and the nasty online remarks. His face turned ashen, and the light in his eyes was barely there. There was nothing but hope in them.
'I still don't get it. Why would Ms. Bonita call off our collaboration? I've made plans to get a few more collaborations and bring my company to the next level. Then, we'll overtake the Knight Group, and I'll become the wealthiest man in Pyralis.
'I was very hopeful for the past period.
'Little did I know that everything I was looking forward to coming to fruition would vanish into thin air in the blink of an eye.'
Archie saw how defeated his CEO looked and took pity on him. He couldn't help but remind him, "None of us know why Ms. Bonita is doing this, Mr. Shane. Why don't we find her at her research institute and get to the bottom of it."
Shane's eyes glimmered with hope at the suggestion.
"You're right. Get the car ready. I'm going to look for Ms. Bonita immediately. I have to get to the bottom of this. Otherwise, I wouldn't have known why she was doing this to me in the first place." An hour later, he arrived at the research institute.
Shane was about to head inside, but the security guard stopped him.
"Excuse me, sir. You're at an esteemed research institute. We can't just let anyone in."
He poked his head out and looked inside. At the same time, he glanced at the security guard in front of him nicely and said, "Here's the deal. I'm the CEO of the Gemedia Group. I'm willing to stay off the premises, but can you tell Ms. Bonita to see me out here? I have something significant to discuss with her."
"Ms. Bonita is a busy person. She'll meet with you if that's what she wants to do. Otherwise, you won't be able to see her, even if you come all the way here." The security guard said coldly. His chest rose and fell rapidly as his face turned red with rage.
'I'm on an urgent mission to look for Bonita right now. Otherwise, I wouldn't have spoken to this security guard, much less let him talk so cockily to me.
'However, the truth remains that I have to find Bonita at all costs. Otherwise, I'll learn the truth behind her actions.'
At the thought of it, he shoved his anger down deep and smiled at the security guard. He was about to say something when he saw a familiar figure out of the corner of his eyes.
At first, he thought he had made a mistake. However, once he turned his gaze to her, he realized it was Ivor's fiancee, Bonnie.
###Chapter 765
'Isn't this an esteemed research institute? So, why would someone like Bonnie show up here?'
At the next moment, Shane saw a more jaw-dropping scene.
Bonnie walked straight past the gate and headed toward the institute's door. However, the security guard ignored her and tried not to stop her.
The sight of his rival fanned the flames of fury in his heart further. The moment he saw her, it felt like he was about to explode like a volcano. His good sense was all but thrown out the window. At last, he couldn't hold himself back anymore. He roared, "Hold it right there, Bonnie!"
She couldn't help but be stunned when she heard him.
Turning around, she saw Shane, who was standing in front of her and looking pissed off. She was headed straight for the lobby when she exited her car earlier. She didn't even notice him.
At the same time, she knew just what he was doing here. He intended to ask her about the announcement she had made.
However, he wasn't aware that she was Bonita, so his quest for the truth was doomed to fail.
'You know that? I hope he passes out from sheer anger. That'll teach him to set me and Ivor up.'
She folded her arms and glanced at him blankly at the thought. "Anything?"
"You bet you're sweet behind. I have something to say!" He barely kept a lid on his anger and walked to the security guard. Then, he pointed at her and questioned,
"Didn't you say you won't allow anyone to enter this esteemed research institute? So, why do you allow her to enter it but not me? Can I read your actions as discrimination?"
The security guard frowned and responded instinctively, "She's not just anyone. She's..."
Just as he was about to expose her real identity, Bonnie stood beside him and cleared her throat.
"Ahem..."
He knew that she was warning him to tread lightly. So, he clamped up immediately.
Shane saw it and instantly knew that something was off. He kept looking back and forth between Bonnie and the security guard.
"Who is she? Why don't you finish your sentence? Go on!"
Instead of responding to him immediately, the security guard glanced at her.
Then, she threw him a casual glance in response.
He was also brilliant, so he caught her drift and instantly said, "She works here. Naturally, she can enter the institute."
'Bonnie works here? At the Bonita Research Institute?'
Shane frowned and scanned her from head to toe as he tried to make sense of the situation.
'Judging by her looks, she has nothing to do with scientific research. With that in mind, she must've gotten lucky and been chosen to work some odd jobs inside.'
However, the security guard wasn't done. "You, on the other hand, are entirely different. Tell me, how are you related to the research institute? Why do I let you in just because you said so?" "Why, you..."
Shane was beside himself with rage as he pointed at the security guard tremblingly. "Such discrimination! I'll report you to your superiors!"
The security guard thought to himself. 'Bonita holds the most power in this premise. She even quietly consented to me handling things this way. What does this guy think reporting me will achieve?' "Here's the thing, sir. Go ahead and report me however you want. It's not going to help you one bit. I'm still not going to let you enter the premises."
Shane's face contorted with rage as he clenched his fists. He was about to say something when he heard Bonnie's casual voice.
###Chapter 766
"You're standing at the Bonita Research Institute's entrance, Shane. It's only right that you follow our rules. If you keep stirring up trouble, you might be mistaken as an intruder who's trying to invade private
property and get yourself arrested."
Her calm tone so pissed off Shane that he gnashed his teeth and glared at her fiercely.
"I'm here for Ms. Bonita. You're just holding down an insignificant job here. What makes you think you have the right to talk to me?"
Her lips curled into a grin as a hint of mockery flashed in her eyes.
"You got me there. I don't have any right to be speaking to you. Enjoy waiting here, Shane. I'll be heading inside now." With that, she hummed some cheerful tunes and strolled into the research institute before his eyes.
He went through the roof when he saw how leisurely she seemed. Then, he turned his gaze to the security guard, his face red with rage.
"Just you wait and see. I'm going to make you regret for turning me away!"
The security guard shrugged and said, "Whatever floats your boat."
'What a joke. I received an order from Ms. Bonita herself. She's going to back me up. Who does this man think he is? He's nothing compared to her.'
"Why, you..." Shane's chest rose and fell rapidly, his face looking as awful as they came.
Archie saw what happened and went over to hold his CEO back immediately. "Don't work yourself up, Mr. Shane. Come on. Let's get back to the car for now. We'll talk about the rest when we're in there." Shane knew pestering the security guard would not get anything done, so he nodded and said, "Okay."
They got into the car, and Shane leaned back on the chair. He waited until the rage simmering in his chest subsided before he looked at Archie and asked, "Don't you think the security guard was showing Bonnie a little too much respect earlier?"
'I saw it with my own eyes. The security guard was about to reveal her identity, but she cleared her throat at that moment. She was hinting at him to stop talking.
'Moreover, the security guard threw her a glance when I asked him some follow-up questions.
'Under normal circumstances, someone as insignificant as her would not be treated with so much respect.
'That's why the whole thing felt off to me.'
"I don't think it's about her. Perhaps the security guard was merely wary of the fact that she was Mr. Ivor's fiancé. I'd even go out on a limb and say that she got her job here, as insignificant as it may be, because of her connection with the Knight family. After all, that family certainly could command respect from a security guard."
Shane listened to what his assistant said and thought it made much sense.
"Point well-made. I'm sure the security guard showed her respect because of the Knight family." At the mention of that despicable couple, his face grew grim immediately.
"I want you to send two teams of men to tail both Ivor and Bonnie. They'll inform me when they think they have found the perfect window. I have to teach them a lesson myself. Otherwise, I can't let go of this grudge."
Archie couldn't help but say, "Our company is still teetering on the brink of a total collapse, Mr. Shane. If we do something like this, and it gets out to the public, then we won't be able to come back from it." "Heh heh heh." Shane sneered. His eyes flashed forbiddingly.
"I've lost everything, which means I've got nothing to lose now. They're the ones who did this to me. So, I have to avenge myself and redeem my honor. I've spent such a long time in Pyralis. If I can't do that, then I'll have wasted my entire life."
Archie realized that his CEO had made up his mind. So, he decided he was going to save his breath.
"Understood, Mr. Shane. I'll get it done once we go back to the company. Rumor has it that the Knight Group collaborates with Everpeak. They've finalized the team that's going to do an inspection there, and Ivor will lead them himself. That should be a wonderful chance to do it."
###Chapter 767
Shane's eyes gleamed. Then, he threw his head back and laughed. "Hahaha! Even Heaven is looking out for me! Hurry up and send a team to tail him. I want them to inform me as soon as they find the perfect window to strike.
"Also, don't ever alert Ivor and Bonnie of our presence. Be very careful. Don't waste this perfect opportunity. Got it?"
Archie nodded, "Sure thing, Mr. Shane."
Back in the villa, Bonnie had wrapped up her work at the research institute and returned home. The first thing she saw was Ivor packing up his suitcase. She couldn't help but walk over and ask him, puzzled, "Are you going on a work trip? Why are you packing up so much stuff?"
He nodded in response and complimented her. "Yeah. You're so smart, Bonnie. You got it on the first guess."
"If memory serves me right, you don't have a work trip in your recent schedule. So, why are you leaving all of a sudden?" Bonnie said as she walked over and helped him.
He explained, "It's a last-minute decision. They discovered a rare ore in a quarry in Everpeak, and I have to be there in person. Otherwise, the others might get ahead of me and lay their hands on it." "Everpeak?" She pursed her lips, and a trace of solemnity flashed in her eyes. "Not only is it a harsh environment but also a plateau. You must bring enough clothes to stave off the cold and oxygen tanks. Otherwise, you'll be hard-pressed to find proper treatment if you get sick."
Back in her traveling days, she once set foot in Everpeak.
Aside from rich ores, that place was severely lacking in all other resources. That was why Bonnie was worried Ivor needed to inspect a collaboration there.
He cupped her face with a big smile. "Are you worried about me, Bonnie?"
She rolled her eyes at him in response. "What kind of question is this? Do you find it fun to ask the obvious questions?"
With that, she pointed at his suitcase. "Do you remember what I just said? Make sure you bring enough stuff. Don't just turn a deaf ear to what I said."
"Don't worry about it, Bonnie. I'll always remember everything you said. There's no way I'll ever forget about it!" He pulled out his phone and showed her a list.
"I did a lot of homework, investigating Everpeak for this work trip. I've also asked Floyd to prepare everything I need. So, there's nothing to worry about. I won't let anything happen to me."
She proceeded to read everything on his list meticulously. She didn't feel better until she had confirmed that he didn't miss out on anything.
"Remember to send me several texts and a video call every day when you're there."
His lips curled into a smile. Then, he pulled Bonnie into his arms.
"Are you reluctant to see me leave? If so, I'll ask someone else to go instead. I'll stay back."
'He's just saying this because he's caught up. I know just how important this collaboration is for him. Otherwise, he wouldn't have made this last-minute decision and returned home to pack his stuff quickly. He has always loved messing with me. I guess I'll return the favor a little.'
At the thought of it, she reached out and wrapped her arms around his neck. "You're right. I'm reluctant to part with you. I don't want you to leave. Will you stay?"
He was stunned at that. Bonnie looked like she did not want him to leave. He couldn't help but gulp.
"Are you being serious now, Bonnie?"
'She has never said anything like this before. I'm a little troubled now that she's asking me not to leave.
'I couldn't bear to leave her alone, but the collaboration was necessary for the company.
He ended up wrestling with himself so much that he couldn't make a choice.
###Chapter 768
Bonnie saw that he was wrestling with himself and couldn't help but giggle. "I was just joking, Ivor. Are you seriously thinking about it?" At first, he was stunned. Then, he couldn't decide if he should cry or laugh.
Holding her waist, he said, "You naughty girl. Did you make that up just to mess with me?"
She shrugged, her smile as wide as ever. "You're such an easy target, though. You'll believe in just about everything I said."
"I think you deserve a little punishment." His eyes were flashing with an inexplicable glow.
She raised her head instinctively and asked, "What kind of punishment..."
Before finishing, she lifted her chin and smelled his minty breath. Then, his s*** lips closed on hers. Her pupils contracted in response. Before she knew what was happening, he was kissing her more intensely.
She should've fought back, but she thought about how he was going on a work trip and had no idea when he would return to Pyralis. So, she decided to leave him be.
About a dozen minutes later, both of them leaned back.
She touched her lips. They felt hot and swollen as if bitten by ants, which made her uncomfortable.
Then, she thought about the culprit and instinctively raised her head. She gave him an accusing glance.
"You do this every time. Can't you be gentle with it?"
He smiled and patted her shoulder to soothe her. "Think of it as my goodbye kiss."
She rolled her eyes at him. "You can come up with countless excuses if it means taking advantage of me."
"That's because you're such a charmer, Bonnie. Do you think I could've controlled myself?" He responded and approached her again. Then, he held her tightly and sniffed her scent, seeking solace. Instead of pushing him away, she leaned on his chest quietly. However, she grumbled, "There you go with your smart mouth again."
He pushed himself away slightly and gently kissed her fair forehead. "Wait for my return, Bonnie."
Initially, she wanted to say something opposite to what he asked. Then, she met his profound, longing gaze and couldn't bring herself to do it. Instead, she hugged him back and patted his back. "Alright. I'll be waiting for your return. Everpeak is a harsh place. You have to watch your back." "Okay." They hugged each other in silence, taking in the moment's serenity.
Suddenly, Floyd hastily entered and said, "Your private plane is ready, Mr. Ivor. Let's hit the road now."
Then, he saw how both of them were hugging each other and turned his head sideways immediately.
"Pardon me, I didn't mean to intrude on you guys. I'll head out and ask them to wait for a minute." With that, he bolted out of the room.
She turned around and looked at him, only to see him leaving swiftly. Reaching out, she pushed against his firm chest.
"It's time for you to go."
His arms remained wrapped around her waist, maintaining the same pose from earlier.
"I can't bear to leave you alone, Bonnie. What should I do? How about you come with me?"
###Chapter 769
Bonnie sighed helplessly, "I want to do that, but we're hitting the most important milestone in the research institute. I can't afford to leave right now."
"I know you're busy. It was just a joke. Don't let it bother you." He said. Then, he held her shoulders and pecked her slightly swelled-up lips.
"I'm leaving now. Keep me in your mind, Bonnie."
"Alright. Just go already." She might've sounded impatient, but her eyes had a sense of longing.
'He has constantly bugged me and loves fooling around with me. Sometimes, I wish I could be left alone to enjoy peace.
'However, the thought of not seeing him for so long makes me feel a little sad. I'm reluctant to see him leave.'
"Remember, Bonnie. Keep me in your mind." He leaned in close again before kissing her cheeks intensely. Then, he walked out the door and met up with Floyd.
She watched as he left in a hurry.
'I'll miss you.'
In the blink of an eye, Ivor has left for Everpeak for three days. In the meantime, she has made a significant breakthrough in the augmentation research for the latest nanomaterial.
'I think we'll finish developing the important technology soon.'
Toby read the research information. His eyes were filled with shock. "You did it, Ms. Bonita. We've been working at it for many days but are not even close to making a breakthrough. You came in and showed us how it's done in two days. Impressive. You're badass, Ms. Bonita!"
She smiled humbly. Reaching out, she patted Toby's shoulder and encouraged him, "Just keep working at it, Toby. I believe that, someday, you'll be able to do everything I can. Who knows? You might even supersede me."
"You've got a high opinion of me, Ms. Bonita." He scratched the back of his head, feeling embarrassed. "I would've been happy if I could do one-tenth of what you can do. Regardless, I'll give it everything I've got and contribute to the world of scientific research in Arvandor."
She nodded in approval. "Great. I like that you're ambitious. Keep at it, Toby."
It was six in the evening when she took a quick dinner outside before returning to Lenfield Resort. She took a bath and read some documents on her phone.
Then, she pulled up Twitter. To her surprise, Ivor merely sent her a few texts today. Under normal circumstances, he would've sent her more texts and a video call.
'This is a little unusual for him. Could it be that he was too busy, though?
'Forget it. Instead of making wild guesses, why don't I just give Ivor a video call and find out what's going on? After all, he has always been the one who calls or texts me. I should take the lead this time.' At the thought of it, she made a video call to him.
On the other side, Ivor was lying on the bed. His face had turned pale from his recent sickness, and he was coughing nonstop.
"Cough cough cough..."
Floyd noticed it and handed him a glass of warm water. "You've been coughing for days now, Mr. Ivor. The medicines aren't working either. Your cough is worsening by the day. Maybe you should get yourself checked at a clinic."
###Chapter 770
"That won't be necessary." Ivor took over the glass of water and drank half of it. He added, "This is the most crucial stage of the inspection. I can't just leave now.
"Furthermore, the hospital is so far away. If I waste my time traveling back and forth, how long will it take to return to Pyralis and finally see Bonnie again?" Floyd couldn't help but sigh at that.
"So, you're refusing to go to the hospital because you want to go back and reunite with Ms. Bonnie as soon as you can. However, your condition is so serious now, Mr. Ivor. Do you think you'll be healthy to do anything if you keep postponing treatment?"
Ivor had been sick on his second day in Everpeak. His body couldn't acclimate to the harsh environment on the plateau, and he started having a high fever in the middle of the night.
Now that he had finally recovered from the fever, he started coughing. Being sick also massively reduced his appetite. He practically couldn't eat anything.
Coupled with his demanding work, he had grown much skinnier and paler.
"I'll be fine." Ivor shook his head. At the next moment, he started coughing fiercely again.
"Cough cough cough..."
Realizing that his boss was coughing badly, Floyd patted him on the back, trying to make him feel better.
He didn't speak until after Ivor had stopped coughing. His expression was explicable when he said, "I didn't want to say this, but I think I have to. You'll break Ms. Bonnie's heart if she sees you in this state."
At the mention of Bonnie, Ivor raised his head and looked at Floyd. He said hastily, "Remember, Floyd. If she calls and asks you about my situation, just tell her that everything's going swell. Don't say a word about my sickness. Got it?"
"Why would you want that, Mr. Ivor?" Floyd looked puzzled. "You've always thought Ms. Bonnie never gave you enough care and attention normally. If I tell her about your condition now, surely she will be very concerned with your well-being. Isn't that what you wanted?"
He looked at Floyd sideways. Right now, the latter was no different from a moron to him.
"Have you got a s*** loose, Floyd?"
Floyd felt sorry for himself at the way Ivor scolded him. At the same time, he was puzzled. "Did I say something wrong, Mr. Ivor?"
"You're right about a part of it. If she learns that I'm sick, she'll shower me with love and concern. That'll certainly make my day.
"However, we're so far apart now. If I tell Bonnie about it, I won't achieve anything but spook her and get her worried. If so, why don't I keep it from her instead? Wouldn't it be better for me to keep her happy so she could do whatever she wanted?
"More to the point, her research hit an important milestone. I'm not keen to disturb her with something petty."
Everything he said made it clear that he was thinking about Bonnie the whole time-truthfully, he wasn't thinking about himself at all.
Floyd couldn't help but sigh at how great love was.
'Love has turned Ivor from someone who wasn't interested in ladies into someone who could think about nothing but his soulmate.
'It's a good thing that Bonnie was an incredibly excellent person. I know she wouldn't do anything unfaithful to Ivor. Instead, she will treat him right and remain his lovely wife for the rest of his life.' Noticing that Floyd didn't respond to him, Ivor said again. "Did you hear me? Keep this under wraps. Don't make a blunder. You hear?"
Floyd nodded. "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I'll never let her know that you're sick."
"Okay." He responded faintly. Just as he was lying down to rest, his phone buzzed.
He couldn't even muster up the strength to get up. So, he closed his eyes and said to Floyd, "Take a look at my phone and see who's calling me right now. Hang up if it isn't anyone important. I want to take a break."
"Alright." Floyd walked over to the table and saw who the caller was. His eyes widened in shock. Then, he turned around stiffly and said to his boss, "M-Ms. Bonnie is calling you, Mr. Ivor. What's worse, it's a video call!"
###Chapter 771
"Wh-what? Why's Bonnie video-calling me?" Ivor was so surprised that his coughing worsened, "Cough! Cough, cough!"
Floyd hastily patted his boss's back, saying, "Don't get so worked up, Mr. Ivor. Please get a hold of yourself, or Ms. Bonnie will find out you're sick once you answer her call."
His concern was not unfounded, as Bonnie was simply too observant. She could detect the subtlest sign that something was wrong. If Ivor did not want to get caught, he would have to watch out for the details and tread carefully.
"All right, I'll let it ring for a while. Let me compose myself." Ivor coughed so hard that he trembled. "Cough, cough! Cough!"
His throat only felt slightly better once he drank the remaining water. "F-Floyd, you can answer the call now."
Floyd looked at him inexplicably and asked, "Are you sure, Mr. Ivor? You still look a little pale."
"I'll be okay. If Bonnie notices it, I'll tell her it's the lighting." Ivor did not want to miss her video call, so he took his phone from Floyd and answered it himself.
Ivor relaxed immediately after seeing Bonnie's face on his screen. "What's wrong, Bonnie? I thought you were supposed to be at the institute. How do you have time to call me?"
"Can't I call and chat?" She considered how long it took him to answer the call and asked, "What were you doing? Why didn't you pick up sooner?"
Ivor smiled and explained, "The signal is weak here."
'That's true. The signal in the plateau is indeed weak.'
Bonnie nodded understandingly. "Oh, that's why. Well, take care of yourself, okay? Getting sick in a remote place like Everpeak won't be good. Make sure you stay healthy, all right?"
She showed concern for Ivor in a way she had never done, filling him with a wave of warmth. "I understand, Bonnie. I'll take good care of myself you should do the same for yourself. Don't get sick or anything."
Suddenly, Ivor felt an intense itch in his throat, threatening to make him cough against his will. He tried his best to suppress it. Ultimately, he could not fight it and coughed lightly, "Cough, cough."
Although faint, Bonnie instantly caught it. She squinted and questioned, "Were you coughing? Are you sick?"
Ivor shook his head and made an excuse, "Nah, it's just dry over here, and it upsets my throat. I just had to clear it."
He saw her concerned eyes and smiled, saying, "Hey, I'm a tough guy, and my body's in excellent shape. What makes you think I'd get sick so quickly?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "You might be a man, but you're not made of steal. It's common for you to get sick."
She composed herself and looked into his eyes profoundly.
###Chapter 772
"Ivor, you can tell me if you're sick. I won't get mad unless you hide something important from me," Bonnie said.
Ivor's eyes shifted for a split second. "You know me too well, Bonnie. Do you think I would hide such a thing? I would've told you to indulge in your concern and attention."
After some thought, Bonnie realized he was right. After all, it was uncharacteristic of Ivor to hide something like that. The former said, "I guess I can believe you if you put it that way."
Still, she could not help but think something was amiss. Since she was not with Ivor, she could only trust him.
"Great, then." Ivor sighed discreetly and suddenly felt an intense itch in his throat. He felt a cough approaching and could do nothing to stop it. Even so, he tried his best to suppress it and forced a warm smile. "Bonnie, I have an urgent matter to tend to. I'll talk to you again soon."
"Hey, are you-" Before she could finish, Ivor hung up.
Immediately after, Ivor stopped suppressing his cough and let it out vigorously, "Cough! Cough! Cough!"
It was so bad that his face reddened. Then, he turned pale and felt like his lungs were about to explode.
Floyd noticed how unbearable the cough sounded but could do nothing about it. He said, "Wait here, Mr. Ivor. I'll ask your business partner if they have some tablets. They stayed here for a long time. Maybe they know what medicine is more suitable for your cough."
"All right." Ivor felt terrible. Instead of rejecting Floyd's suggestion, he let the latter do whatever was necessary.
Meanwhile, Bonnie pondered on the video call and realized something was seriously off. She crossed her legs as she sat on the couch and rubbed her chin, formulating a theory, 'Tonight seems so odd. 'First, Ivor has always answered my calls instantly, but he took so long to answer this time. He said the signal was weak, but now that I think about it, he sounded a little forced. 'Secondly, he coughed and looked a little pale. Lastly, it didn't seem like he hung up because of an emergency. Instead, it looked more like Ivor was trying to suppress something.' Based on those clues, Bonnie could conclude that he must have gotten sick and did not want her to worry about him.
'He must've not wanted to waste my time, so he didn't want to tell me he was sick. Now that I think about it, Ivor looked pretty awful. I thought it was because of the lighting, but he's sick.' Bonnie knew he would keep it from her for as long as possible if she did not question him. She felt heartbroken and annoyed when she picked up her phone and called him again.
When Ivor's phone buzzed, he felt so terrible that he did not have the strength to check who the caller was. In a daze, he answered weakly and hoarsely, "H-Hello?"
Immediately after, Bonnie confirmed her theory. She was furious as she questioned, "I'll give you one more chance, Ivor. Are you sick?"
Ivor became wide-eyed when he heard her voice. He still tried to find an excuse, speaking huskily, "I'm not sick, Bonnie. I thought I explained myself just now. You have to believe me. I don't have to lie to you over something like this."
###Chapter 773
"I know you're sick, Ivor. Why do you insist on lying to me? Are you sure you want to keep it up?" Bonnie said sternly.
At that moment, Ivor recalled the earlier video call.
'I don't think I gave off any signs. I'm sure I kept up my act flawlessly. That means Bonnie's trying to interrogate me. I can't have that. I must keep denying it.'
"You have to believe me, Bonnie. I'd never lie to you over something like that." Then, Ivor felt the urge to cough again. Although he tried to fight it back, he could not do it this time. "Cough, cough!"
She stared at him through the screen and hung up without a word.
"Bonnie? Bonnie!" Ivor panicked and tried calling her again, but she outright rejected it. He knew she did not want to talk to him, but he thought he had done nothing to make her mad at him. With that in mind, something occurred to him, and he could not help but frown.
Floyd, who had gotten the cough medicine, returned and saw how serious his boss looked. The former asked, "What's wrong, Mr. Ivor? Why do you look like that?"
Ivor turned to look at him while recounting his conversation with Bonnie. The former also remembered his fiancee hanging up on him wordlessly.
"Floyd, help me out. Consider Bonnie's response and tell me if she saw through me."
"Ms. Bonnie would never throw a fit like that for no reason, Mr. Ivor. That's unlike her-" Floyd analyzed the situation before looking at his boss. The former felt troubled, saying, "She knows, Mr. Ivor."
A hint of uncharacteristic panic flashed in Ivor's eyes. Then he looked at his phone, thinking about how she had hung up on him, which only made him more panicked. "What should I do now? Should I call Bonnie back and explain myself?"
Floyd's lips twitched as he thought, 'Come on. He's been in a relationship longer than me but still doesn't know what to do. What makes him think I'd know? I'm single, for crying out loud. Still, Mr. Ivor looks troubled and concerned. I must do my best to give him a solution. After all, it's my job to solve his problems.'
"You must explain the situation and apologize to Ms. Bonnie now. Then, you'll have to soothe her immediately. However, Mr. Ivor, you're so far apart now and can't see or touch each other. She might be so mad at you that she'd leave before you finished work here and return to Pyralis."
Ivor sighed heavily. "All I did was spare her from worrying about me. I didn't think It'd blow up in my face."
He lowered his head and texted her, "I'm sorry for lying to you, Bonnie. I'm sick, but I didn't mean to deceive you. I didn't want you to worry about me and distract you from your research. I know I was wrong. Can you forgive me, please?
"I know you're reading my texts. Would you please reply to me? Come on, Bonnie, I mean it. I shouldn't have kept it from you. Will you please forgive me? I'm sorry."
He sent her more than ten texts in one go but had yet to receive a single reply.
Floyd witnessed everything and felt how helpless his boss was. "It looks like Ms. Bonnie's pissed this time. What'll you do now, Mr. Ivor?"
"What else can I do? We're in the middle of the inspection. I can't just leave now," Ivor rubbed his eyebrows and said, "The only thing I can do is keep calling and texting Bonnie until she forgives me." 'If I'd known this would happen, I would've told her everything. Gosh, what kind of mess did I get myself into?'
###Chapter 774
Floyd sighed. "I guess that's the only way, Mr. Ivor."
At Lenfield Resort, Bonnie looked at her phone as Ivor repeatedly texted her. She could not help but grit her teeth and mutter, "He's always been like that. He'll make mistakes first and apologize afterward.
"I even let him off easy and forgave him before, but not this time. I must teach him a lesson and show him what happens if he keeps lying to me. That said, I still have to do what's necessary."
Bonnie took her phone and called Jim, saying, "Arrange for a private plane to take me to Everpeak as soon as possible."
Jim was stunned to receive such an order. "What's wrong, Bonnie? Did something happen? Why are you in a rush to get to Everpeak?"
After Bonnie told Jim what happened, he nodded and said, "Understood. I'll make the arrangements immediately. Prepare to leave in two hours."
Then, he teased her, "It looks like Ivor is the only one who can get you this worried and rash."
Bonnie rolled her eyes, saying, "He's my fiance. Of course, I'll take care of him and feel heartbroken when he's sick. Am I supposed to let another woman do it instead?"
Jim could not help but laugh, "Hahaha! You have a point there, Bonnie."
She rolled her eyes again. "Get on it! I don't have time to waste on you."
"Fine, I'll make the arrangements now, and you can see your fiance as soon as possible." Jim smiled and hung up to do as she requested.
The following day, Ivor continued working through his sickness. That said, his cough no longer bothered him as much. He was only worried about Bonnie giving him the cold shoulder. She had not replied to his texts all night, much less answered his calls.
Ivor would clamber up from bed whenever he received a notification on his phone. However, he felt greatly disappointed that none were from Bonnie.
He acted so unlike himself that his business partner noticed it. The latter could not help but ask in concern, "Are you okay, Mr. Ivor? You look distracted. If you're unwell, you should return to your room to rest. You can leave the rest to us. We'll give you the accurate data."
Several Knight Group higher-ups also noticed Ivor's uncharacteristic behavior. One asked, "That's right, Mr. Ivor. Take a break if you're not feeling well. The work is nowhere near as important as your health." "We only need to measure a few more things. You can trust us."
"You don't look too good, sir. You should go and rest."
Floyd added, "You didn't sleep well last night, Mr. Ivor. Come on, I'll take you back for a break."
Ivor tucked his phone away when he saw everyone's concern for his well-being. He looked at them and said, "Okay, I'll leave you guys to record the data. I'll take my leave now. Remember to get the data as accurate as possible. We can't make any mistakes."
"Understood, Mr. Ivor. Consider it done."
Ivor nodded and returned to the hotel with Floyd.
The latter had just left the car when he looked up wide-eyed. "M-Mr. Ivor? Ch-check it out. Look who's here!"
###Chapter 775
"Who is it?" Ivor asked, exhausted. He also sounded frail.
Floyd excitedly pointed at the hotel entrance and said, "Don't ask, Mr. Ivor. Just turn around and see for yourself! There's a surprise waiting for you at the door!" 'What the hell is it? I have no idea what he's blabbering about.'
Ivor half-heartedly raised his gaze and looked toward the door. He was stunned when he saw the petite figure, thinking he was hallucinating from his sickness.
'Of course, I'm hallucinating about seeing her. It must be because I miss her too much.'
Bonnie grinned as she stood across the road, noticing how frozen Ivor was. She asked, "What's wrong? We've only been apart for four days, tops. Did you forget about me already?"
Ivor did not realize she was real until he heard her voice. He clutched his chest and ran to her. "B-Bonnie? Cough, cough. What are you doing here?"
Although he felt awful, it did not stop him from wanting to hug her. Meanwhile, Bonnie watched as he raced across the road toward her. She felt moved by it, ran to him, and dove into his arms. "Ivor." Ivor embraced her and took in her scent. He felt restless earlier but calmed down instantly when he hugged her.
'I wasn't hallucinating, after all! Bonnie did come to me!'
She leaned on Ivor's chest quietly before raising her head to see his somber eyes and ashen face. Suddenly, she felt so heartbroken that she felt his cheeks and scolded him, "I can't believe you forced yourself to work when you're sick! You could've worked yourself to death."
Bonnie grew increasingly upset and pinched his cheek. Initially, she wanted to do it harder to teach him a lesson to love himself more. However, she considered his illness and could not bear to pinch him too hard. Instead, she did it lightly.
Ivor read her thoughts and could not help but chuckle. He held her hand and kissed it, saying, "I'm okay, Bonnie. You don't need to go easy on me."
She glared at him accusingly. "What made you think I'm going easy on you? Stop flattering yourself."
Although she said that, she still held his hand and led him into the hotel. "Where's your room? Take me there now so I can check on you. I don't know what's wrong with you until I do."
Ivor felt her soft, delicate hands and grinned as he followed her.
Meanwhile, Floyd watched them leave and then strode toward them. That was when he saw Jim. The former greeted Jim softly, "You're here, too, Master Jim?"
"Mhm," Jim faintly responded as he entered the hotel.
Simultaneously, a sedan parked to the left of the hotel. Shane stared at Ivor, Bonnie, and the other two as they entered the building. Shane asked menacingly, "Have you looked into how many people they brought on this trip? Is anyone among them tricky to deal with?"
###Chapter 776
Archie lowered his head and checked the files. "According to our investigations, they only brought a few elite bodyguards on this trip.
"We've hired a team who are evenly matched with them. So, there's nothing to worry about here. Also, we outnumber them. Our victory is all but assured, Mr. Shane."
He looked at his CEO and asked, "When do you want to do it, Mr. Shane? The team's ready for action."
Shane looked at the hotel entrance. Then, he caught sight of something and was stunned.
"Hold on. Look over there, Archie."
Archie followed his gaze and saw a tall, burly man wearing a mask and a hat.
"He seems like an ordinary guy, Mr. Shane. Is there a problem here?"
Shane tore his gaze away and analyzed the man's stature.
"Judging by his imposing posture and gait, I think he's a tough character. I have a feeling he might be a formidable fighter."
Archie couldn't tell anything about the man. He asked, "Well. How do you want us to proceed, then?"
Shane's face grew grim. He fell silent and started mulling it over. Then, something came to him, and his eyes sparkled.
"I have an idea. Come closer, I'll tell you about it."
Archie leaned in closer and listened to his CEO's orders. Then, he nodded in understanding.
"Alright, Mr. Shane. I'll get it done as fast as possible."
"Very well. Take your time with it. Remember, tread carefully, and don't alert them to our presence. Definitely don't let them know where we are. Otherwise, our efforts will have been wasted. Got it?" He had said similar things to his assistant several times now. However, he was still worried that Archie might botch it. That was why he'd remind him to be careful every time he relayed an order. Archie nodded solemnly and responded, "Understood, Mr. Shane."
"Great," he responded dryly. He glanced at Ivor and Bonnie again, looking cold.
"Go ahead and get it done. I'll ensure they won't have the chance to return to Pyralis. They're going to pay dearly for humiliating me."
The moment they got inside the room, she pinned him on the bed, grabbed his hand, and checked his pulse.
"Stay put. I'm going to check on you."
"Okay." Ivor raised his head and looked at Bonnie, his eyes brimming with tenderness.
Jim glanced at them before walking over to the window. Then, he took a look at the side of the road.
Floyd noticed it and couldn't help but ask, "What are you doing, Master Jim?"
"I'm monitoring the surroundings," Jim explained, and he went to another window to look at the streets again.
"Are army men usually this vigilant?" Floyd followed suit and looked at the same place as well. However, despite his efforts, he couldn't see anything strange.
"This is the bare minimum for someone in our profession." Jim finished checking the surroundings and closed the windows and blinds.
Then he sat on the couch across the room.
Floyd gave him a big thumbs up. "How professional. I'm very impressed, Master Jim."
They were still chatting by the time Bonnie was done checking Ivor's pulse. She couldn't help but frown, now that she was sure about his health.
"How did your condition become this severe? When did you start getting sick, exactly?"
###Chapter 777
Realizing that Bonnie had diagnosed his condition, Ivor saw no more reason to hide it from her anymore.
"Frankly speaking, I felt feverish the first day I touched down in Everpeak. I took some medicine then. I didn't think it was too serious, so I ignored it.
"Then, my coughing got worse on the second day, and I haven't been doing better since then. I was worried that I might make you worry. So, I didn't tell you about it."
Then something occurred to him. He asked, "Didn't you say your research is hitting an important milestone? How do you find the time to visit me, then? Did you put it aside for my sake?"
A hint of guilt flashed in his eyes. 'I know just how important this experiment is for Bonnie. That was why I didn't want to tell her about my sickness in the first place.
'If she really put aside the research just so she could see me, doesn't that mean she has to postpone her plan?'
"Oh. I guess I hadn't told you about it," she said as she pulled out silver needles from her pouch. "I've made a major breakthrough in my research. They're wrapping it up as we speak. I think we'll be able to develop the augmentation soon."
His eyes sparkled. It seemed he was happier about it than she was.
"Really? You've been at it for so long now. You can finally take a break for a while and stop working so hard."
"Yeah. You probably should worry more about your health than my research right now." She flashed the silver needle before him and gestured for him to lie down. "Come on, I'll administer acupuncture for you." He obeyed and lay down. "Alright."
Floyd saw it and said to Jim, "How about you rest in my room for the time being, Master Jim? I'll head to the lobby and check for another room for you."
Jim knew it wasn't a good idea for him and Floyd to stay any longer. So, he stood up slowly and said, "That'd be great. I appreciate it, Floyd."
Floyd waved his hand and responded, "Nah. It's no problem. It's my honor to be able to help you out."
'I might've enjoyed some standing in the circle because of my identity as Ivor's assistant. However, it's nothing compared to someone as prestigious as Jim.' "Okay," Jim responded courteously before exiting the room with him.
Bonnie and Ivor were left alone in the hotel room.
Now that there were no other people, he started taking advantage of her. Holding her hands, he started rubbing them s***.
"I'm thrilled you flew all the way here just to see me, Bonnie. I'm so glad that you're doing this for me."
She rolled her eyes at him. "Do you think you're the only one who can be concerned about his fiancé around here?"
"That's not what I meant. I just want you to know I'm very happy to see you here."
The mere sight of her renewed his vigor. His sickness even felt more bearable.
"That's enough. Just lie down and stop talking." She shook her head helplessly.
'He looked so weak and vulnerable earlier, but now, he's so full of life that he's still the smart mouth he had always been. Geez. I just can't with him sometimes.' "Alright." He responded and shut up.
Bonnie proceeded to administer the acupuncture to him.
'He got a cold and fever because his body was trying to acclimate to the plateau. In that process, his body was weakened and became vulnerable to the cold. 'What I have to do now is neutralize the cold in his body and treat him. He should be recovering well in about three days.'
Several minutes later, she wiped the sweat from her forehead and sat down next to him.
###Chapter 778
"Stay put and rest quietly. Otherwise, the silver needles might go deeper into your skin, and I won't be responsible for it."
At this moment, Ivor would agree to everything Bonnie said.
"Alright."
So, he remained motionless and rested without a peep. However, he stared at her with unblinking eyes, as if he couldn't get enough.
She felt a little restless from the way he stared at her. Resting her chin on her hands, she stared straight into his eyes.
"What are you looking at me for?"
"You're like an angel who fell from heaven. I should stare at you more," he responded matter-of-factly.
She couldn't help but roll her eyes at him.
"Are you still sticking to these corny lines in this day and age? It's a cringy."
His lips curled into a faint smile, and his eyes were still trained on her.
"Saying something sweet to my soulmate isn't cringy. On the contrary, it fills me with this warm, fuzzy feeling. Isn't it the same for you, Bonnie?"
"You're so knee-deep in these corny lines that you can't even tell the difference anymore. I'm going to have freaking goosebumps." She rubbed her arms. "Rein it in, Ivor. I can't stay here any longer if you keep up with it."
He didn't have a choice but to do what she said.
"Alright. Fine. I'll stop."
She snorted lightly and ignored him. Then she rested her chin on her hands again and shut her eyes.
He couldn't help but feel a little heartbroken at the sight of it.
"Did you have a tough time sleeping on your flight here, Bonnie?"
"Yeah. It's too noisy for me. So, I can't sleep," she said and yawned.
'Well, it's actually not about the noise. It's just that this is such a sudden trip that I didn't have time to make arrangements for my work at the research institute. I was so busy settling them on the flight that I didn't really have time to sleep.
'Then, I rushed here to treat him immediately after I touched down. The truth is that I can't hold it anymore.'
He knew just how drained she was and felt heartbroken. He couldn't help but say, "If you're this worn out, you should rest, Bonnie. Don't worry about me."
She raised her delicate eyebrow. "Are you sure you can do it by yourself? Don't you need my help to remove the silver needles?"
That was when it hit him. He chuckled dryly and said, "You got me there. I don't think I can."
"That's what I'm talking about." She leaned back on the couch leisurely. "Just stay put and stay quiet. I don't need you to worry about me."
He wanted her to rest, but the circumstances wouldn't allow it. So, he had to agree to it. "Alright."
10 minutes later, she removed the silver needles one by one before hiding her yawn behind her hands.
"Alright. Now, I need to sleep. I can barely keep my eyes open."
He shifted his body to the side and made some room for her on the bed.
"Just sleep right here, Bonnie. Don't bother going back to your room. You can think about the issues when you're well-rested."
###Chapter 779
Bonnie gave Ivor a sidelong glance and raised her eyebrows even higher.
"Something smells fishy..."
"Do you need more room? How about I move further inside?" He pretended not to understand what she was saying.
She yawned again, and her eyes were barely open right now.
She was so exhausted that she couldn't be bothered with everything else. Moreover, he probably couldn't do anything in his current state. So, she agreed to it. "Alright. I catch a nap here, then."
Then, she warned him. "Don't take advantage of me, Ivor. Otherwise, I'm going to fly back to Pyralis first thing in the morning."
"Who do you think I am, Bonnie? Do you have any idea how tired you are now? Why would I do anything to you in this state?"
'Is it me, or is she that distrustful of me?'
She scoffed lightly in response. "No one knows what you might do. I'm giving you a fair warning nonetheless."
"Alright. Okay." He smiled helplessly. Raising his hand, he swore, "I give you my word that I won't lay my grubby paws on you so you can have a good rest. Is that good enough for you?" "Fine." She responded. Then, she got onto the bed and laid down comfortably. She welcomed the soft sensation the bed provided, as well as his familiar scent.
It didn't take her long to fall asleep under these comfortable circumstances.
He heard her even breathing and knew that she was sound asleep. Resting his chin on his hands, he admired the delicate view. Leaning in closer, he planted a gentle kiss on her forehead. "Goodnight, Bonnie."
The next day, she woke up and couldn't find him on the bed. Wearing a pair of indoor slippers, she was about to go into the restroom when he came in with a tray full of breakfast foods.
He was stunned a little when he saw that she was awake.
"Aren't you tired? Why are you waking up this early? Go ahead and sleep longer."
"I'm fine. I've slept for the entire night. That's more than enough." She stretched and walked over to him, scanning the food on the tray.
She couldn't help but ask curiously, "What are these things? They don't look like your typical breakfast."
"These are local delicacies. My stomach was feeling funny a couple of days ago. My business partner sent it to me, and I liked how it tasted. I thought you'd like it too. So, I brought some over to you." With that, he brought the tray closer to her. "Care to take a bite?"
"Sure." She popped one of the food into her mouth. Once she swallowed it, her eyes sparkled. "Woah. This is tasty. I'm going to bring some of them back to Pyralis when we're leaving."
"No problem at all. I'll make the necessary arrangements." He checked his watch as he spoke.
"I have to meet with my business partner at another quarry today. Would you like to join me?"
###Chapter 780
Bonnie shook her head. "I want to go out and take a stroll on the plateau. Immerse myself in the local culture, you know? I'll go with you tomorrow instead." "Sure thing. Go ahead and walk around. We'll take a stroll in the night market when I'm done with the inspection."
'I want to stay with her, but I'm here on a work trip. I can't afford to delay everyone's time. So, I'll have to finish my work before anything else.'
"That works for me," she said. Noticing that he was looking strong and fit again, she asked, "How are you feeling today? Are you recovering well?"
"I'm much better now." His lips curled into a smile as he glanced at her affectionately. "This is all thanks to you, Bonnie. How else would I have recovered so soon?"
"Alright. That's enough. Stop being a smart mouth and go. You're keeping everyone waiting." She was speechless at his response.
"Okay." He chuckled and patted the back of her hand. "Wait for me. I'll be back soon."
"Yeah. I know that. Just hurry up and go." She waved her hand impatiently, eager to shake him off. He was so clingy.
'That's how conflicting humans are. I miss him when he isn't around. The moment we're together, however, he irritates me.'
She watched him leave, then collected her thoughts and tucked into her breakfast.
Once that was done, she took a stroll in Everpeak's streets with Jim. They found themselves at a bustling market, and she managed to buy some adorable trinkets.
Jim did his job by standing next to her and keeping her safe, ever aware of the crowd milling about in the area.
She turned around and saw how vigilant he was. Feeling helpless, she said, "This is Everpeak. Nobody knows us. Relax, Jim.”
"No way. I have to be on guard." He said. Then, he thought back to the gut feeling he had back at the hotel entrance and looked at her before telling her about it.
"I had this feeling that someone was watching us when we first arrived yesterday. However, I didn't alert them to my suspicion. I waited until we were upstairs before poking out the window and checking for suspicious targets.
"What struck me as strange is that nothing was wrong. I thought I was being oversensitive, then. However, I'm getting the same gut feeling again. It pays to be on our toes."
"Your gut feelings have always been right. I think someone's targeting us." Rubbing her chin, she said, "We don't really have the lay of the land around here. Let's try heading to crowded areas. That should prevent them from doing anything to us."
"Got it." He responded, his sharp eyes sweeping across their surroundings.
"Don't get too worked up." She lowered her voice and reminded him, "We should just carry on with what we're doing and pretend that we never know about them. I believe they'll show up sooner rather than later. I'm going to observe them and find out what they're up to."
"Copy that." Jim nodded.
Hiding out in an alley, Shane watched as Bonnie walked side by side with the tall, burly man. He couldn't explain it, but something felt uncanny at that moment.
'If that man is just an ordinary guy, there's no way Bonnie would bring him with her all the time. However, I have no way of knowing how formidable he is until I send someone over to feel him out.' Archie, who was standing next to him, saw it too. He couldn't help but frown.
"Look at them, Mr. Shane. Do you think they found out about us?"
Shane pondered it for a while before shaking his head. "Probably not."
Archie said again, "But, they keep going to where the crowd is. We can't exactly send our men in."
Then, a gleam flashed in Shane's eyes.
"Don't worry about it. I've got an idea."
###Chapter 781
Bonnie and Jim continued to shop at the market. They'd browse through the trinkets on the stalls, giving off the impression that they didn't realize something was unusual there. She swept her eyes across her surroundings but didn't see anyone suspicious. So, she gave him a look, hinting at him to take a seat at a food stall.
Once both of them sat down, she leaned closer to him and whispered, "I checked out our surroundings, but I didn't discover anything or anyone unusual. What about you?" He shook his head gently and frowned.
"I've got nothing for now. Could it be that our assailant is extremely proficient and discreet?"
"You say that, but both of us aren't exactly amateurs. We should've been able to suss out something." She rubbed her chin and mulled it over.
"Let's just continue to observe them. If they're targeting us, that means they're trying to do something. They won't be holding back forever."
"Okay. Remember. Don't wander off too far from me. I'm worried that you're their target," he said solemnly.
'I'm not worried about myself. Keeping Bonnie safe is what matters most to me,' he thought.
She nodded. "Alright."
Both of them had just finished talking when they heard an ear-piercing scream.
"Someone's mugging me! Can anyone help me?!"
They followed the voice and turned their gaze. Then, they saw it. There was a lady from across the road, who was chasing after the mugger who snatched her pouch. She was holding a baby in her arms. Her face was filled with despair as she cried and ran.
Bonnie saw it and couldn't bear it anymore. She shot up from her seat and raced after the mugger.
"Hold it right there, you damn thief! Give her back her pouch."
'How despicable. I can't believe he'd snatch something from a lady who's holding a baby. What a crazy, heartless guy!'
Jim saw it, stood up, and gave chase as well.
They ran the mugger into a remote alley. Realizing that he was still running very fast, she swept her eyes across her surroundings. Then, she picked up a pebble and lobbed it at his ankle. "Eeek!" The mugger yelped, his face contorted with pain. He stumbled and rolled on the ground.
She walked over and kicked him. At the same time, she took the lady's pouch. "Haven't you seen that she's got her hands busy with a baby? How despicable!"
Bonnie was so angry that she kicked him again.
"Eek!" The mugger yelped and clutched his ankle, while he m*** painfully.
'How is it that a pebble hurt me this much? It feels as if my leg is ruined."
At that moment, Jim dove into the alley from another side. He let out a sigh of relief when he saw that she was safe.
"Now that you have the pouch, let's get a move on. We can't afford to stay here for too long."
'I'm not sure if I'm wrong, but I get the feeling that the mugger led her here on purpose. It's such a remote alley that nobody would've used it. 'However, the mugger led her here nonetheless. Perhaps he has some ulterior motive. Or, I could be wrong. We'd better get out of there.' "Alright." She responded and took the pouch with her. Then, she walked out of the alley with Jim.
Just as they arrived at the entrance, several yellow-haired thugs swarmed them and stood in their way.
###Chapter 782
Jim stood in front of Bonnie and shielded her instinctively, emanating an authoritative air from head to toe.
"Who are you guys? What do you think you're doing?"
The yellow-haired thugs faced each other and swapped glances.
Then, one of them came out from behind and said, "You're wearing some expensive jewelry, which means you're rich. I'm ordering both of you to surrender everything valuables to us. Otherwise, we'll teach you a lesson."
Bonnie frowned and gave Jim a look, hinting at him.
'Is that all these guys are after? Valuables? Aren't they here for something else?
'If that's all this is, it would've been much easier to deal with. With that said, I'm not sure how it's going to turn out if they have other motives.'
Jim shook his head gently. He, too, wasn't sure about it. All they could do now was wait and see how it'd turn out.
The leader of the thugs noticed both of them were quiet. Frowning, he took a step closer and barked, "Hey! Do you guys hear me? Hurry up and give us your valuables. Otherwise, I can't guarantee your safety You're not going to like what my boys and I will do!"
Then, his gaze fell on Bonnie and he was immediately thrilled.
"Dayum! Never have I thought that such a hot booty would come to Everpeak. After all, it is located in the middle of nowhere. It looks like we're going to have ourselves some fun, boys."
With that, he turned around, looked at his henchmen, and chuckled.
Jim's eyes were filled with intense menace. Then, he darted at the leader with lightning speed and threw a fierce punch.
"Mind your insolent tongue. That'll teach you to insult people."
He threw his weight behind the punch. Naturally, the leader was feeling dizzy from it. In fact, he just found out that Jim knocked his teeth off.
Then, he felt an itch in his throat and proceeded to cough up blood.
His lackeys saw it and were shocked to the core.
'H-How's he this strong? It doesn't look like we can take him lightly.'
They were in the middle of their thoughts when their leader roared at them, "What are you guys waiting for? Come over here and help me up!"
The lackeys came back to their senses and hurriedly helped their leader.
Once the leader found his footing, he glared at Jim and Bonnie hatefully. "Swarm them! There are so many of us. There's no way we can't take them out!" "Roger, chief!" The lackeys responded.
Clenching their fists, they charged at both of them.
Bonnie cracked her knuckles, looking as if she was ready to kick some a***.
Sensing her movements, Jim looked at her sideways and said quietly, "Stay put. These thugs aren't worth your fists."
She swept her eyes across the charging thugs and realized none had a steady footing, which meant they weren't fighters at all. It would've been a piece of cake for him to wipe the floor with them. So, she lowered her hands and took a step back.
"Okay. Have at it, Jim."
Shane was watching the entire thing from a corner not far from them. His eyes were flashing menacingly.
"Let's see how good this tall, burly man she brought is. I wonder if he's as good as the men I hired."
###Chapter 783
At the next moment, a fight broke out in the alley.
Bonnie stood behind Jim and watched the whole thing, counting down the time. In less than a minute, he wiped the floor with the yellow-haired thugs.
"Eeek!"
Endless cries rose in the air as the thugs slumped onto the floor. They couldn't even get up, even if they wanted to.
'T-That guy's simply too strong. We're no match for him at all!'
'He's terrifyingly powerful.'
Once he was done incapacitating the thugs, Jim walked over to Bonnie and asked her, "How should I deal with them?"
She pondered it for a while and said, "Send them to the nearest police department and interrogate them."
He frowned, his stoic face revealed a hint of bewilderment. "Judging by the way they fought, they were just common thugs. Is there a need to take them to the police department at all?" She swept a cold gaze across them and lowered her voice. "I think they showed up at too convenient a time. I can't explain it, but something feels off. So, we should interrogate them a little." He didn't have qualms about that. "Alright."
Pulling out his phone, he called the police.
Several minutes later, the cops arrived to take the thugs away and put them behind bars.
Just as she was about to get in the car, she sensed something and glanced at the corner of the alley.
'That's weird. I thought I saw a figure flash by earlier. Did I see it wrongly?'
Jim noticed the look on her face and asked, concerned, "What's the matter?"
Casting another glance at the alley, she realized there was nothing there. So, she tore her gaze away and said,
"It's nothing. Come on, let's move."
He dropped the matter and said, "Okay."
Shane and Archie didn't come out of the corner until they were sure that all of them were gone. He watched as Bonnie and the gang left. His face grew grim as he spoke. "As expected, we can't afford to take the tall, burly man lightly."
Archie could also tell that. "What should we do now, Mr. Shane?"
Shane looked at his assistant coldly. "I'll figure out something."
Then, he headed toward his car, which was parked at the side of the road.
"Let's go."
Archie took off after him. "Okay, Mr. Shane."
Back in the police department, Jim told them his real identity. So, the cops agreed to let him and Bonnie interrogate the thugs.
She stared at the leader of the thugs, who was bruised, in the interrogation room. Tapping the desk lightly, she asked leisurely, "Who sent you guys here? Am I right in saying that you're not just here to mug us?"
She went straight to the point. There was no point in beating around the bush.
The leader responded helplessly, "W-We're just a bunch of guys with no jobs, miss. We realized that you guys were tourists and started thinking if we could mug you. I-I'm sorry. We won't do something like this again."
###Chapter 784
Bonnie raised her eyebrows and scanned the leader from head to toe. Then, she stared at him menacingly.
"Are you sure?"
'I didn't bring any bodyguards other than Jim on this trip. I guess it isn't that crazy an idea for them to find me an easy target.
'However, that still doesn't explain what Jim said about us being targeted on the first day we touched down at Everpeak. He had monitored our surroundings, but even he couldn't find out who was monitoring
us.
'On the other hand, this bunch of thugs can't fight for shit. So, it's downright impossible that they knew how to keep themselves hidden.
'With all of these in mind, I don't think these thugs just wanted to mug us. There's more.'
The leader of the thugs nodded heavily. "O-Of course I am, miss. You've beaten us to a pulp. Why should I lie to you at all?"
She cast another glance at him again. There wasn't any sign of guilt or lying. She couldn't help but frown.
'This guy still hadn't given me any openings to this moment. Is it because my theory is wrong? Or, is it because he's just that good of an actor?'
She was in the middle of the thought when Jim came inside. He walked over to her side and whispered, "I got their information from the police. These guys are the local thugs. Moreover, they have mugged tourists before. This isn't their first rodeo.
"The way I see it, they just happened to mug us by chance. The whole thing isn't as serious as you might've thought."
"Is that so..." She rubbed her chin gently and gave the leader of the thugs a sidelong glance.
He was hunched in his seat, looking like nothing more than a dummy. There wasn't any sparkle of intelligence in his eyes.
'People like him typically don't have their own opinions, much less do big things. However, I just can't shake the feeling that something was off.
'Something definitely smells fishy, but I just can't put my finger on it.'
Jim nodded in response. "I got this information from the cops. They can't be wrong."
"Okay." She responded dryly and stood up from the chair.
She didn't speak to him again until they were both outside. "Lock these thugs up and investigate thoroughly if they have made contact with anyone. Then, have someone monitor their every move. Keep them behind bars until I say it's okay to release them."
'I've always believed in my instincts. If I say there's something weird about them, then I'm not going to take any chances.'
"Copy that," Jim said and left to do her bidding.
Later, both of them came out of the police department. The first thing she saw was a Rolls-Royce that just so happened to pull over by the side of the road.
At the next moment, the car door swung open. A tall figure came out of it and ran across the road in a hurry.
He came over to Bonnie, held her shoulders, and asked hastily, "I heard that you guys were mugged. Is everything okay? Are you hurt?"
'I know that she and Jim are tenacious fighters. In fact, these thugs probably posed no threat to them at all. However, that does nothing to make me feel better. I can't take it if something happened to her.' "I'm fine." She nodded and walked toward the car with him. "Let's continue our talk in the car. This isn't the right place for any conversation."
He responded, "Okay."
Once they were all in the car, she told them about her worries.
"I know the information from the police department proved that these were just thugs and nothing more. They might've tried mugging us because they sensed that we were different from the ordinary folk. The fact that we wore expensive stuff on us didn't help, either.
"That's why they conspired with each other and put up an act to rouse our sympathy. That's how they lured us to the alley and mugged us there earlier.
"Still, I can't shake the feeling that something isn't right. However, Jim didn't manage to suss out anything strange about the situation.
"My point is that we have to be very careful when we go out for the next several days. We can't afford to be careless."
"Got it," Ivor responded. Reaching out, he held her on the shoulder and pulled her to his chest. "Don't worry, Bonnie. It doesn't matter what happens, I'm going to keep you safe. No harm's going to befall you." She rolled her eyes at him. "Perhaps you should spend more effort in protecting yourself. I can look after myself, after all."
###Chapter 785
Ivor snorted light in response.
"This is something I have to do as a man. You don't get to turn it down."
She rolled her eyes at him again. "There you go with your smart mouth again."
"What are you talking about? Don't you think it's true?" His eyes were brimming with affection and humor. "I mean it. It doesn't matter what happens. I'm going to keep you safe. There's no need to be afraid."
Noticing that he was inching closer to her, she used her elbow and pressed against his chest. "Alright. I got it. Stop trying to take advantage of me when you're speaking."
His lips curled into a smile. The humor in his eyes thickened.
"Did you see through me already? You're just so smart, Bonnie."
"Geez. Just cut it out." She was beyond speechless now.
'I can't take it with him. Although he did deliver on everything he said, I have no idea how to form a comeback to his corny lines.'
"Get some rest. I'll wake you up when we're at the hotel." He ran his fingers through her hair lovingly.
She was worn out after what happened today. So, she didn't turn down his offer. She leaned on his chest, found a comfortable position, and closed her eyes slowly. "Okay. Don't move, then. I'm going to grab some shut-eye."
He smiled and responded, "Alright. I'll stay put."
Before long, she fell asleep.
Listening to her even breathing, a sense of relief rose in his chest.
Several minutes later, he confirmed that she wasn't about to wake up and talked to Floyd, who was driving the car. "Did you hear everything she said earlier?" Floyd nodded in response. "I do, Mr. Ivor."
"Okay." He said, "Once we get back to the hotel, arrange for some men to be sent over from Pyralis. We need to be prepared for the worst."
"Roger." Floyd knew how important this order was, and nodded hastily.
The next day, Bonnie was sound asleep when Ivor woke her up.
"Wake up, Bonnie. Come on, wake up."
She strained and opened her eyes a crack. "What's the matter?"
"Didn't you promise me that you'll be coming with me to the new quarry? Come on, we've got to go."
'Actually, I want her to rest at the hotel. However, what she said yesterday made me feel uneasy. I can't leave her here alone without being worried sick about her. I'll be able to see her anytime I want if I bring her along for the inspection. That'll make me feel better.'
"The inspection, you say?" She sobered up, sat on the bed, and yawned. "Give me a minute. I'll be ready soon."
"Yeah. Go ahead and freshen up. I've prepared breakfast for you. We'll hit the road as soon as we're finished eating." He planted a kiss on the side of her face, rose, and left the room.
She had gotten used to these little routines with him.
Wiping her cheeks, she strolled toward the restroom. Several minutes later, she was done freshening up and came outside. The first thing she saw was Ivor pouring her a glass of milk.
He heard the sound of the restroom door and raised his head. The moment he laid his eyes on her, he put on an affectionate smile.
"Breakfast is ready, lover. Get over here and have some."
She rubbed the goosebumps on her arms and shot him a look. "Can you please not be this corny this early in the morning?"
Then, he adopted a pitiful expression and looked at her.
###Chapter 786
"Why don't you like anything I do, Bonnie?"
She ate some of her soup, and said, "Just rein it in and stop acting so recklessly. Then, I'll start liking what you do."
"What do you mean by reining it in? I don't get it, Bonnie. Can you show me how it's done?" Ivor said.
He seized the chance and sat next to her.
She noticed how opportunistic he was, and her lips twitched.
"Just stay away from me and stop saying those corny lines. That's how you rein it in."
"You say that, but I love you the most, Bonnie. How am I supposed to stay away from you? Moreover, those aren't corny lines. Everything I said came directly from the bottom of my heart," he said matter-of- factly.
What he said was downright cringy, but they sounded sincere and affectionate.
She fell silent immediately. Lowering her head, she tucked into her breakfast.
Noticing that she was quiet, he reached out and waved his hand in front of her.
"Why aren't you saying anything, Bonnie? Don't you agree with me? You have to see the point I'm making. Right?"
She couldn't take it anymore. Raising her voice, she said, "Will you please shut up?"
He knew she might get mad for real if he kept fooling around. His lips curled into a grin in response. Then he made a gesture of zipping his mouth shut.
"Alright, Bonnie. I'll stop speaking. Hurry up and eat the breakfast already."
She rolled her eyes at him again. "I wonder who's wasting our time around here."
He smiled and remained quiet.
Once they were done with breakfast, his business partner arrived. All of them, including Floyd and Jim, hit the road and headed toward the quarry.
They put on their hard hats when they arrived at the place and began the inspection. His business partner, Tom, looked at the tunnel under construction not far away.
Tom asked Ivor, "Why don't we head inside and look at our mineral resources?"
Instead of responding to Tom, he turned around and glanced at Bonnie. "What do you think, Bonnie? Do you want to do it?"
She cast a glance at the tunnel. It was pitch black in there. She couldn't even see where the darkness ended. Then, she shook her head.
"It's too dark. There are bound to be some hazards there. Forget it."
When Tom heard that she didn't want to go, a hint of menace flashed in his eyes.
Then, he smiled and said, "There's nothing to be worried about. Our team is doing construction in there as we speak. Why would they have entered there if it wasn't absolutely safe? Furthermore, we installed some lights in there. It's not going to stay pitch black."
She couldn't help but glance at him sideways.
"Why do you insist on us going in there? Why can't we just do a simple inspection and be done with it?"
Ivor couldn't help but frown at that. Then, he also looked at Tom.
He might not have said anything, but his silent look was enough to rouse fear in anyone.
Tom felt sweat covering his back. Gulping heavily, he smiled and explained, "I'm just trying to show Ivor the mineral resources we have here. That way, he just might invest more in us."
He pretended to sigh out of sadness.
"Eh... Everpeak is a plateau. So, we don't stand a chance against the common areas. We barely have any investors looking our way. N-Now that Ivor is showing interest, I guess I got a little carried away. "Please don't hold it against me if I said anything inappropriate. I swear, I'm not out to harm you guys."
Tom offered a sound explanation. She nodded in understanding and looked at Ivor.
"What do you think? Do you want to take a look inside?"
He pondered it a little and responded, "Since he put it that way, I guess we can do it."
###Chapter 787
Tom put on a big smile and gestured for them to walk forward.
"This way, please."
Ivor nodded and led her into the tunnel. Just as they were about to go inside, Tom smacked his head and said, "Oh geez. I forgot to bring an important tool!"
The more he said, the more upset he got. His eyes were filled with regret and guilt as he looked at them.
"I'm so sorry, Ivor. You guys should go ahead first. I'll be back as soon as I get my tool. Age has truly caught up to me. Even my mind isn't working as well as it should be. I can't believe I forgot about something like this."
Bonnie stopped in her tracks, turned around, and looked at him.
"You've just forgotten to take a tool. It's not a big deal. Go and get it. We'll head inside and look around."
That was what Tom was counting on. He quickly responded, "Alright, then. I'm going to go back outside and take it now."
Then, he saw Floyd and Jim out of the corner of his eyes. A hint of menacing light traced his eyes before he adopted a troubled expression and looked at her.
"It's just that the tool is a little heavy. I'm afraid I can't lift it by myself. I'll need a couple more men to help me with it. Would it be okay if I loaned both of your men?"
That was when she felt that something was wrong. However, the feeling was so fleeting that she almost couldn't register it.
An intense feeling rose in her chest, making her frown. Then, she stared at Tom with judging eyes.
"What about your workers? You could always ask them to move the tool for you."
His expression grew more troubled.
"The workers are working in the quarry now. They're in the deepest part of the tunnel. I can't call them here. Furthermore, I might be their boss, but am I supposed to ask them to come to the surface for something so menial? That's a little inhumane, don't you think?"
Again, Tom's words were making some sense. However, she couldn't shake the feeling that something was off.
She turned around, looked at Ivor, and asked, "What's your take on this? Should we let Jim and Floyd help him out?"
'After all, I don't have much experience with Tom. I don't know him that well. It's much more appropriate to let him think about the best way to proceed with this.'
Ivor lowered his gaze and stared at Tom.
Tom's heart skipped a beat from the way Ivor stared at him. He was afraid that Ivor might be able to tell that something was wrong. Trying his very best to stay calm, he forced a smile and said, "My tool isn't too far away, Ivor. It's right over there."
He pointed at a house not far from here.
"Furthermore, they're both rough, bulky guys. D-Do you honestly think I can do anything to them?"
Ivor stared at him profoundly again. Then, he retracted his gaze and nodded lightly. "Alright, guys. Go with him and get the stuff he needs. Come back to us immediately after."
Now that Ivor had given his orders, both Floyd and Jim nodded.
"Alright."
"Copy that, Mr. Ivor."
Tom let out a subtle sigh of relief when he saw that Ivor agreed to it at the end of the day.
"Thank you, Ivor."
"Don't mention it," Ivor responded dryly.
Tom took both Floyd and Jim away at once.
Bonnie watched as they left and started to mull over the situation.
###Chapter 788
"Why do I get the feeling that something's weird about Tom? Is something wrong with him?"
Ever since she ran into the thugs, Bonnie had kept her guard up around everyone.
"I think he's fine." Ivor led her into the tunnel and analyzed, "I started following up on this collaboration a few years back. I chose to invest in him because he's sincere and willing to do anything to make it happen. That's also why I agreed to inspect the quarry myself.
"It's like he said, Everpeak might have rich mineral resources, but there aren't many big investors looking here. Some investors wanted to collaborate with them, but turned away because of the harsh environment.
"Anyway, Tom is basically digging his own grave if he tried anything."
She nodded. "That explains why you trust him so much."
"Yeah." He chuckled. "Do you think I do my collaborations based on blind faith?"
Then, he pinched her fingers gently, savoring her presence. "Furthermore, you're here with me. There's no way I'd put you at risk."
She couldn't help but smile at that. That didn't mean she spoke sweetly to him, though. "There you go with your smart mouth again."
He wore a helpless expression, but he continued to hold her hands tightly.
"How many times do I have to say it before you believe me, Bonnie? I mean what I said. They're not flattery."
She shrugged. "I'm not the one you should be posing this question to. After all, that's up to you."
"What do you mean?" He looked confused. He had no idea what she was talking about.
Glancing at him, she said sarcastically, "Speak less corny lines, and I'll believe that it comes from the bottom of your heart."
"Sigh..." He said helplessly, "I'm afraid I won't be able to do it for the rest of my life. I'm saying these things to you out of pure instinct because I love you. Are you going to ask me to go against my instincts?" She rolled her eyes at him.
"I think you're beyond help."
He nodded in approval. "Yeah. Nothing could cure my love for you."
'Forget it. I'll just keep quiet. Otherwise, he's going to get more kick out of it.'
Floyd and Jim were about to get the tool at Tom's storehouse. They were about to go inside when Tom feigned a stomachache by clutching his belly and howling out of pain.
"Ow. Ouch. My belly. It hurts!"
Floyd walked over and asked, concerned, "Are you alright? Should we send you to a clinic?"
Tom looked like he was wracked with pain. Even his forehead was covered in sweat.
"T-There's no need for that. I just have to use the restroom. Go ahead and look for the tool. It's a silver box. I'll be back in a jiffy."
Just as he was about to get away, Jim called out to him abruptly.
"Hold it right there."
Tom stopped in his tracks. Still clutching his belly, he feigned a tortured face and pretended to have just come back to his senses.
"I-I can't hold it in anymore. Just wait till I get back. For now, I'm going to have to ask the two of you to look for the silver box."
Tom bolted out of there.
Jim watched as he left, contemplating the situation.
###Chapter 789
Floyd noticed that Jim didn't look right. So, he asked, "What's the matter, Master Jim? Why are you staring at him like that?"
Jim pondered for a while before asking, "Didn't you feel that something was wrong with Tom?"
Floyd scratched the back of his head. "Is that so? Everything seems right to me. Tom's a little scaredy-cat. He might be spooked because he has to deal with all of us."
Jim was searching for the silver box with Floyd. He paused and turned to look at the latter.
"How do you know that he's a scaredy-cat? Have you dealt with him before?"
Floyd continued to search for it while he responded to Jim. "Yeah. Mr. Ivor and I have been following up on this collaboration several years back. We've dealt with him plenty of times. He wouldn't have invested in this place otherwise."
"So, that's how it is. I might've been reading too much into things, then."
'Ivor is an extremely perceptive guy. If he's dealt with Tom before, then Tom's probably fine. I'm getting worried for nothing.'
Floyd didn't quite catch what Jim was saying. "What did you say, Master Jim? I didn't hear you."
"It's nothing." Jim shook his head and dropped the matter. "Let's just hurry up and search for the silver box. We have to get back to Bonnie and Ivor as soon as possible." Floyd nodded, "Alright. Gotcha."
Tom exited the storehouse and straightened up his back, his eyes filled with menace.
"Men, come over here."
A bodyguard dressed completely in black came to him.
"Your orders, master?"
"Lock the shed and keep the two guys in there at all costs." Tom glanced back at it, the menace deepening in his eyes.
His bodyguard nodded and responded, "As you wish."
Meanwhile, Bonnie and Ivor were in the heart of the tunnel.
She checked her surroundings before she picked up something and put it in her palm to look at it. "There are, indeed, a lot of mineral resources here. Many of them are rare where we came from, but they're as common as pebbles here."
"Different environments yield different gems. What we're seeing here is something you could never find in Pyralis." He walked over and touched the wall. "Furthermore, my company can find uses for all the minerals here. It looks like this trip is well worth it."
"They are fine gems." She agreed with his sentiment wholeheartedly. "Let's go deeper. We might find more rare gems."
He noticed the lights were dimmer in the deeper parts of the tunnel. He couldn't resist holding her hand.
"I don't think we should go in further for now. Let's just wait for Floyd and Jim instead."
'I can't explain it, but I feel uneasy. I can't ignore this feeling that Bonnie and I are walking into some sort of danger.'
She heard him and stopped in her tracks.
"I guess you're right. We should just wait here. Otherwise, they might have trouble finding us."
"Okay. Let's head outside and wait for them there." Rubbing his eyebrows gently, he could feel the unease growing more intense. His grip on her hands tightened involuntarily.
Sensing his anxiety and noticing his tight grip, she asked, bewildered. "What's wrong?"
###Chapter 790
"Maybe it's the tunnel. I just get this ominous feeling about the place." His frown grew deeper. Then, he held her hand and started moving outside decisively. "We should head to the exit now. Then, we'll come inside again once everyone's here."
"Okay..."
Suddenly, she felt the tunnel shaking violently. She could also hear deep rumbles, signifying the tunnel collapsing.
Before she could come to her senses, he was dragging her and racing out of the place.
"Run, Bonnie!"
Thoughts were running through his head. 'What in the world went wrong here? We've only been here for 15 minutes, but there is a serious chance this tunnel could collapse. This shouldn't have happened! 'Gah. Forget it. What matters now is that I get out of this hellhole with Bonnie. Otherwise, we won't be able to escape once the tunnel caves in.'
Instead of responding to him, she followed his lead and ran with him. Then, she recalled how weird Tom had acted.
"There's something wrong with Tom."
"What are you trying to say? Do you think he tricked us into this tunnel and sent Jim and Floyd away?"
'I've trusted Tom so much that I didn't suspect anything earlier. Now that I think about it, there were way too many coincidences. Obviously, it's an elaborate plan to trap me and Bonnie in the tunnel,' he thought "Absolutely. Why else would he have this many excuses? He wouldn't come inside himself, and yet he's doing everything he can to trick us into coming here. It's plain as day that he's hiding something." Bonnie fell into deep thought.
'I've sensed that there's something wrong all along, but I neglected to think too much about it. I really should've given it more thought, too. If I had been more careful, we wouldn't be in this mess.' He took a deep breath, held her hand, and ran forward.
"Save your breath, Bonnie. Let's just focus on getting out of here first."
"Okay." She responded and ran as fast as her feet could carry her.
Before long, the entire tunnel shook more violently.
He wore a solemn expression and pursed his lips.
'Once I get out of here, I'm going to round up the people who are doing this to us and torture them to the point they wish they were dead instead. None of them will escape me! 'This is all my fault. I wouldn't have asked Bonnie to tag along if I had known this would happen.'
On the other hand, she knew he was beating himself up and feeling guilty. So, she held his hand and comforted him. "It'll be fine. I know we're going to get out of here."
"Yeah. I won't be able to forgive myself for the rest of my life if I can't bring you back home safe." It was true. He did feel guilty about this, and he certainly felt responsible for it.
However, this wasn't the time to talk about it. They had to focus on escaping this hellhole.
"It'll be fine." She comforted him again.
The next thing she knew, a boulder was falling toward his head.
She moved swiftly and shoved him out of the way.
Crash!
The boulder missed his head by an inch and landed squarely on her shoulder instead.
"Argh..." A sharp pain shot from her shoulder and made her g*** out of pain.
However, she wasn't concerned about it now. All she could feel was relief.
'It's a good thing that the rock fell on my shoulder instead of his head. Otherwise...'
He whipped his head back. What he saw almost made him fall apart.
"Bonnie!"
###Chapter 791
Ivor relied on the dim light and saw the big red stain on Bonnie's white shirt. Her delicate face had turned so pale that she barely looked alive.
Feeling a lump in his throat, he hurried over to check on her. He wanted to touch her shoulder, but thought about how he might hurt her and withdrew his hand.
He was sure what could be done at this moment. "Why did you do it, Bonnie? Why?"
'Bonnie got injured because of me. How am I supposed to live with that?'
"I'll be fine. It's just a minor injury."
Half of her shoulder was numb, but she was still trying to soothe him.
"H-How could you say that? I-It's such a bad injury." His eyes turned red as he looked at her. He was so heartbroken that he was having trouble speaking. "You're such a dummy. How could you expose yourself to such a critical injury?"
She forced a smile on her pale face. Then, she reached out with her other hand and patted him on the shoulder.
She teased him. "Why do you think you're the only one doing the protecting around here? Don't you think I can do the same for you? Look. You've kept me safe so many times. It's only right that I repay the favor."
"I don't need your protection, Bonnie. What I need is for you to stay safe." He could smell the stench of blood in the stuffy air. Every breath he took pained him deeply.
She snorted lightly. "You say that, but I did protect you from the boulder. So, you're not getting out of this."
"That's the furthest thing from my mind," he explained hastily.
She put a finger on his lips. "Hush. I know that's not what you mean, but, right now, we have to get the heck out of here. We'll run out of oxygen if we stay too long in the tunnel." "Alright. I'm going to carry you out of here." He bent down and was about to swoop her up.
Gripping his arm, she said helplessly, "The boulder landed on my hand. My feet are fine. I can walk by myself. There's no need for you to carry me. Preserve your stamina for when I really need it. Then, I'll let you carry me."
"A-Alright. I'll just hold your hand, then," Taking her hand carefully, he laid eyes on her bloodstained shirt. It was such a heartbreaking sight.
"Okay." She followed his pace and walked over to a safer spot.
Treading through the tunnel together, they could feel that they had grown closer to one another.
Back at the tunnel entrance, Tom was barking orders, directing the excavators to demolish the tunnel.
Several minutes later, a group of men walked over to him from afar.
The leader of the group was none other than Shane.
When he first landed in Everpeak, he had gotten in touch with Tom. The thing about collaborations was that the business partners would choose whoever was giving them a better offer.
Shane had signed a ten-year contract with Tom. On top of that, the latter would gain five percent from the profit they made from this quarry. Then, he sealed the deal by giving Tom five hundred million dollars. That was why Tom agreed to set Ivor up for him.
'Yeah. I paid through my nose to make this plan work, but all I care about is that I can teach Ivor a lesson. I don't give a damn about the kind of money I have to pay.'
###Chapter 792
Tom saw Shane coming over and flashed him a smile.
"You're here, Mr. Shane. I've done everything according to your orders. Are you satisfied with how it turned out?"
"Nicely done." Shane gave Tom an approving look before standing at the tunnel entrance and peering inside.
"How long have they been in there?"
Tom counted the time and responded, "They've been in there for about half an hour. They're probably halfway in the tunnel by now. It's impossible for them to escape."
His eyes glinted with menace as he heard what Tom said.
"Heh. Ivor Knight went overseas for an inspection and was tragically killed when a tunnel collapsed. His fiancé died along with him.
"This will become the media's headline for their articles. Once something happens to Ivor, the entire Knight family will be thrown into disarray. The Knight Group's stock price will surely plummet too. "That's when I'll poach all of their collaborators. I'll become the richest man in Pyralis in no time!"
'I just wanted to teach Ivor and Bonnie a lesson. I wasn't out to take their lives. With how things are going, though, I might as well make use of the situation and up my game.
'More to the point, I have to kill Ivor and destroy the Knight Group if I want to become the wealthiest man in Pyralis!'
Tom congratulated him immediately.
"Congratulations, Mr. Shane. Your wish is about to come true soon enough. When the fateful day comes, I hope you remember to share some of your wealth with me as well."
"Consider it done, Tom." Shane smiled. Reaching out, he patted him on the shoulder. "You're the main reason I'm able to pull this off. I wouldn't forget about you if I had something suitable for you later." Tom knew that Shane was a generous man. So, he was thrilled to hear what the latter said.
"Thank you, Mr. Shane. I'll be waiting for your good news, then."
Shane looked at the tunnel, which was still collapsing. Then, he laughed wickedly.
"Hahaha! From here on out, Ivor is history! This is fantastic! No one's going to get in my way ever again!"
Tom led everyone to give him a round of applause. Things were looking merry for them.
Back in the storehouse, Floyd looked outright miserable while Jim was trying to find some possible escape routes.
"Who would've thought that Tom was this vicious? How dare he set us up? I swear I'm going to rip him to shreds the moment we get out of here."
Floyd gnashed his teeth. He was beside himself with rage.
With that said, he still couldn't figure something out.
"The thing is, we didn't have any bad blood with him. We were even having a good time with him, too. So, why would he do something like this?"
"He might've done it in exchange for a better deal," Jim said as he found a crowbar.
Walking over to the door, he tried hard to pry the door open.
"A better deal?" Floyd frowned and stood where he was, pondering on it. "I guess that makes sense. That begs a question, though. Who could've offered him a better deal than the one Mr. Ivor did?" "That's hard to say." Jim saw another crowbar out of the corner of his eyes. Picking it up, he tossed it at Floyd's feet.
"Forget about all that for now. We have to get out of here as soon as we can and check on Bonnie and Ivor. I suspect they sent us away because they're going to do something to both of them. "It would've been fine if they were after money. On the other hand, if they're after their lives, then..."
###Chapter 793
Jim didn't finish his sentence. It wasn't as if he needed to finish it, either. Both he and Floyd knew just how serious things were now.
Floyd picked up the crowbar and helped Jim to pry the door open. He said, "Hurry up. We have to get the door open as fast as we can. Otherwise, something bad might happen."
"Okay." Jim responded and threw his weight behind the crowbar, the veins on his muscles started to show through his shirt.
"Give it everything you've got. The door is poorly built. We just have to exert more pressure, and it should swing wide open."
A dozen minutes later, both of them were yelling. "Ahh!"
The next thing they knew, they heard a loud b***. The storehouse door had swung open.
Wiping the sweat from his brow, Floyd said, "We finally pried the door open. Let's head out and look for Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie now."
He couldn't wait, not even a minute. He started racing toward the tunnel. To his surprise, he had just taken a couple of steps when Jim grabbed the back of his collar.
"Simmer down."
Floyd stopped in his tracks and turned around, puzzled.
"What's the matter, Master Jim?"
"I'm going to look for them. You should go back to the hotel and get us some reinforcements." Jim told him his plan.
'I'm no match for Jim when it comes to combat prowess. Letting him save Ivor and Bonnie is the best plan now. After that, he just has to buy some time until I return here with backup.' "Alright. I'm going to get more men and come back. I'm leaving Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie in your hands, Master Jim. Please stay safe."
"Okay," Jim responded dryly before racing toward the tunnel. His face was grim, but his footsteps were sure and lightning-fast.
'I have to get to them as soon as possible! They have to hang in there until I arrive!'
Shane stood above the tunnel and stomped hard on the soil beneath him, his eyes filled with twisted pleasure.
"Hahaha! We have to make sure Ivor and Bonnie are buried underneath these soils. They'll be trapped in there forever and ever. Hahaha!"
Still stomping on the soil, he cackled maniacally, giving rise to the look of a madman.
Tom stood next to him and kissed up to him. "I'm sure they're not going to be able to escape at this rate. The excavator is going to destroy the tunnel and bury them along with it." Shane's laughter grew crazed the moment he heard that.
"Hahaha! That'd be wonderful. I will have finally taken out the biggest obstacle on my road to becoming the wealthiest man in Pyralis."
Tom laughed along, trying to please Shane. He was about to continue buttering Shane up, when he heard a sarcastic voice.
"What makes you think you have what it takes to become someone like that? Dream on, Shane!"
'The voice sounded so familiar...
'Wait a minute. I-Is that Bonnie?!'
Shane whipped his head around and found himself staring at her cold eyes. His eyes widened in shock.
"Y-You... Um..."
Before he could even begin to speak, she had closed in their distance with lightning speed. The next thing he knew, she lifted her feet high and kicked him squarely in the belly. Everyone was still in shock when he was sent flying into the air and tumbled down the top of the tunnel.
###Chapter 794
"Eeek!" Shane let out an ear-piercing shriek.
Tom's face fell. "Mr. Shane!"
He was about to turn around when Bonnie appeared in front of him.
Her lips curled into a wicked grin when she met his gaze. "Weren't you about to go down there and look for him? Worry not, I'm going to send you down as well." Tom's face was filled with fear instantly. Then, he kept taking steps back when he spoke.
"N-No."
"Heh heh heh..." She sneered and snorted lightly. "I'm not asking."
He tried to run, but she caught him. Twisting his wrist, she kicked his bottom squarely and booted him down there.
Tom's miserable cries rose in the air. He rolled all the way down until he crashed into Shane.
"Ouch!" At first, Shane had scrambled to his feet, but he fell again when Tom rammed into him. It was so painful that he felt as if someone had broken his back.
Holding his waist, he kept g*** out of pain. His face was contorted with agony as well.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Shane. Are you okay?"
The slope wasn't exactly steep. So, falling from the top of the tunnel wouldn't have killed them.
With that said, both of their suits were littered with dust, making them look miserable.
Shane helped himself up with Tom's support. Staring at Bonnie, who was standing on top of the tunnel, his eyes were filled with unbridled fury.
"Didn't you say they were trapped in the tunnel and that they'd be buried with it soon enough? What's the meaning of this? Why are they on the surface now? Care to explain?" "I... Um..." Tom didn't count on Bonnie and Ivor being this lucky.
'I can't believe they escaped such a dire situation. How am I supposed to explain it to Shane?
'After all, I cut corners when I carried out the whole thing. Now, however, I'm exposed. So, how am I supposed to explain it?'
Shane was starting to see something now. In a matter of a second, he was pissed off.
"Cat got your tongue? Hurry up and spill it. I demand an explanation!"
Tom's eyes got shifty as he lowered his head. He simply didn't dare to say anything.
Shane's face grew more forbidding as the second passed by. He was about to say something when he saw both Bonnie and Ivor coming down from the top of the tunnel. Both of them walked toward him, side by side.
Bonnie spoke leisurely as she strolled toward him. "It's fine if he didn't know how to tell you. I'm more than happy to do it for him. I'm sure you don't know about it yet. He spent billions of dollars on this mining tunnel.
"Suffice it to say that he simply couldn't bring himself to dig up the entire tunnel. So, he merely dug the front part of it. He decided to use the soil to block our path and trap us in there, suffocating us. "What he didn't count on is that the workers dug an emergency recovery s***. Fortune smiled upon us and showed us to that s***. That's how we managed to escape the tunnel in one piece." Then, she looked at Shane and said leisurely, "I'm sorry to have disappointed you, Shane. It's just not our time yet. You went through such a great deal of trouble, only to come up short of killing us." Shane felt the full brunt of her sarcasm.
He looked downright terrible. His face turned as red as blood. Turning around, he glared at Tom and his eyes turned red as well. He looked like he could throttle him.
"I can't believe I placed that much faith in you. How dare you play me for a fool? Just wait and see. You're going to pay for this!"
###Chapter 795
Tom was so shocked by what Shane said that a bead of sweat rolled down his forehead.
"It's pointless to talk about this now, Mr. Shane. Now that it has come to this, we should work together and figure out a way to kill both of them."
Then, he looked at Bonnie and Ivor, his eyes brimming with menace.
"We brought with us dozens of bodyguards, Mr. Shane. And there are only two of them. We'll just kill them right now and announce to the public that they were buried in the tunnel because of a freak accident. It'll achieve the same result."
Shane thought about what he said and found that it made sense.
'Fighting with Tom wouldn't help my situation one bit. My priority should be killing both of them now. Only then could we carry on with our plan.'
"You got a point! We'll take care of them first and leave the rest until after that."
"Exactly. I'm so happy that you see reason, Mr. Shane." Tom was counting on creating a sense of camaraderie with Shane, so the latter wouldn't blame him for anything.
'Once that's established, there's no way Shane will find fault with me in the future.
'All that's left now is to kill off Ivor and Bonnie! As long as I keep doing everything Shane wants, he's going to remember how useful I am when he finds success.'
The more he thought about it, the more Tom felt thrilled.
Turning around, he yelled, "Gather around, everyone!"
There were only several bodyguards with them earlier. Now, however, dozens of bodyguards came out of the mounds at his order.
They formed ranks and created a sea of black.
Ivor saw it and pursed his lips. Stepping forward, he shielded Bonnie behind his back.
"Don't be afraid, Bonnie. I'll keep you safe."
He didn't say or do anything just now because they talked it over back at the tunnel.
'She insisted on teaching Shane and Tom a lesson with her own hands. That's why I reluctantly agreed to let her do it.
'Now, however, things are different. I have to step forward and keep her safe. No harm is going to befall her as long as I'm around."
"I'll be fine. I'm not afraid because I know you're here with me," she said confidently, her eyes brimming with fearlessness.
'I've never been afraid under these circumstances, nor have I shied away in the past.
'Death is the worst thing that can happen to me. That's not a big deal at all.
"Very well!" He responded solemnly. Holding her hand, he clasped her fingers.
They felt each other's warmth through their palms, which provided both of them with an infinite supply of courage.
Shane saw what they were doing, and his eyes were filled with mockery.
"Heh... You guys are such a lovely couple. It's such a shame that you'll be dead soon."
She met his gaze. There was nothing but coldness and tenacity in her eyes.
"This isn't your call to make, Shane! We control our own fates. We don't need you to tell us how things are going to end for us."
"Keep up with the tough talk! Take a look at your situation now. Do I have to spell it out for you? There are only two of you. How are you guys supposed to win my bodyguards? There are dozens of them. "Perhaps you should just save your breath. You might as well get on your knees and apologize. Tell me you're wrong, and start begging for your lives. Let me hear it. That way, I might consider giving you a quick death."
Shane was very sure that both of them could never slip through his fingers.
'Yeah. Both of them are pretty good fighters. How's that going to help them, though? I've got dozens of bodyguards with me. I could just keep sending them to fight until they ran out of stamina. How are they supposed to be fighting against me now?'
She sneered in response. Just as she was about to say something, she heard a deep voice from nearby.
###Chapter 796
"What makes you think there's just the two of them? Don't count me out!"
Jim stepped out slowly from behind Bonnie and Ivor, looking like an impenetrable mountain.
Shane's face fell the moment he saw Jim. Turning around, he looked at Tom and questioned the latter, "Didn't you say you locked him and Floyd up in the storehouse? You guaranteed that nothing could go wrong. Tell me, then. What is Jim doing here now?
He personally saw just how formidable Jim was. With him in Bonnie's ranks, it was that much more difficult to kill them now.
"Um... I did lock them up in the storehouse. I have no idea how he got out." Tom looked very puzzled. He had no idea how Jim escaped.
With that said, he quickly calmed down and tried to soothe Shane.
"It's just one more guy, Mr. Shane. He's not going to be able to make a difference. We still have dozens of bodyguards with us. Are we supposed to be frightened by three of them?"
'I've hired some top-notch bodyguards from an international organization. So, what if Jim is an excellent fighter? There's no way he could take on all of them and win the fight!' At the thought of it, Shane felt much better.
Turning around, he waved at the bodyguards. "Take them out. Don't pull back any punches. Hit them till they drop!"
"Roger!"
The bodyguards responded to him unanimously. Then, they charged right at Bonnie and the gang.
Bonnie, Ivor, and Jim prepared themselves to teach these bodyguards a lesson.
Ivor stepped forward subtly, putting her behind his back.
"You suffered a heavy injury. Maybe don't join the fight. Jim and I will take care of this."
When Jim heard that she was injured, he scanned her from head to toe. Then, his brows furrowed when he saw the blood stain on her shoulder. "What happened? Why are you so badly injured?"
She moved her arm and responded as if she wasn't fazed. "I'm fine. It's just a minor injury. I'll just apply some salve, and it'll patch up in a few days."
"You're bleeding, for heaven's sake. How's that a minor injury? Are you sure you want to join the fight? Aren't you worried that your arm might be ruined forever? Also, how are you supposed to conduct your beloved research if you don't have one of your arm?" The longer he talked, the more pissed off he sounded.
"I'm fine. I mean it." She frowned slightly. "Moreover, both of you might not be able to fend them off if I don't join in the fight. If I fight alongside you, however, at least I can take on some of the opponents." "You're in bad shape. It's better if you take it easy. Don't do anything rash! Leave them to us. We just have to hold out a little. Help is on the way." Jim said.
The moment she heard that reinforcements were coming, she took a step back and stopped pushing herself.
"Alright. I'll leave these bodyguards to you. I'm aware that you guys are worried about me. So, don't worry about it. I won't do anything unless I don't have a choice."
"Okay." Jim nodded. Turning around, he dealt with several bodyguards charging his way.
In the blink of an eye, both Jim and Ivor had taken out several of them. The bodyguards were lying on the floor, g*** out of pain. They couldn't have climbed to their feet, even if they wanted to. Shane saw what happened and grew agitated.
"Get up, you fools! Aren't you guys elite bodyguards from a reputable organization? How is it that you guys can't take care of two people?"
###Chapter 797
Tom didn't expect Ivor and Jim would be this tough once they teamed up. He gulped heavily and took a step back instinctively. Shane's face fell. His eyes were filled with disdain when he looked at Tom. "What a weasel!"
A hint of embarrassment flashed across Tom's face at that. He hung his head and didn't make a peep.
Shane hated the fact that Tom couldn't do better. Tearing his gaze away, he looked at the bodyguards behind him coldly.
"Listen to me! Anyone who seizes them will be rewarded with 10 million dollars! Hurry up and get a move on!"
'The bodyguards aren't giving their all to the fight. I've got no choice but to give them some additional incentive.' The moment all of them heard that there were 10 million dollars to be had, they got excited in a matter of a second.
"Charge!"
Throwing money at the issue worked for Shane. His bodyguards were giving all they've got into the fight now.
Ivor and Jim formed a perimeter around Bonnie and kept her in the center of it, protecting her from every assailant.
Realizing that there were more bodyguards around them, she couldn't help but frown. "Stop trying to protect me. Let me give you a hand. I can lighten your load if I join in the fight. I'll just avoid using my hands."
Jim parted his lips. He was about to say something when he heard Ivor's voice.
"That won't be necessary. You're injured. So, just concentrate on resting. Don't concern yourself with everything else."
"That's right. Get some rest. I mean it when I tell you to leave the fight to us. We're going to keep you safe, and that's that." Jim agreed with Ivor wholeheartedly.
She looked helpless and said, "Alright. Okay. I'll do as you guys say."
'I just can't argue with both of them. They're treating me as if I'm some helpless damsel. When have I been that weak?'
After that, Ivor and Jim dove back into the fight.
She'd alert them from time to time, trying to keep them from getting hurt.
Shane saw what was happening and decided he couldn't let things run their course. So, he waved at the bodyguards next to him.
"Over here."
A bodyguard walked over to him and asked, "Your orders, Mr. Shane?"
He gave him a look, hinting at him to look at where Bonnie was. Then, he lowered his voice and whispered, "Capture Bonnie and use her against them." "Roger." The bodyguard responded and snuck from the back to try to seize her.
Shane curled his lips, revealing a wicked grin.
'Don't blame me for doing this. After all, they're the ones who overestimated themselves and messed up someone they shouldn't have!' Before long, that particular bodyguard snuck to a spot behind Bonnie. He arched his body and waited for an opportunity to strike.
She sensed it and rubbed her feet on the ground gently, preparing herself to strike back at him.
On the other hand, the bodyguard didn't realize that. His face was filled with menace as he pulled out a knife and darted after her.
She saw him out of the corner of her eyes. Her lips curled and a hint of mockery flashed in her eyes.
'Heh. What a fool. I can't believe this bodyguard's trying to sneak up on me. Oh, he's going to know the meaning of pain soon.'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when the bodyguard closed the distance. She knew what he was going to do. So, she took a step back before giving him a roundhouse kick, sending him flying.
However, this bodyguard was obviously much stronger than the others. He merely took a couple of steps back before he regained his footing and charged at her again.
###Chapter 798
Clenching her fists, Bonnie started trading blows with the bodyguard.
Ivor and Jim noticed it. They wanted to go over and lend her a hand, but the other bodyguards were keeping them occupied.
Ivor was worried that she might suffer heavier injuries if this kept up. His face was filled with concern.
Even Jim was a little bothered. He dealt heavier blows by the second, doing his best to take out the surrounding bodyguards, so he could race to her as fast as he could. However, the bodyguards just kept coming.
It was becoming clear to Bonnie that this particular bodyguard wasn't easy to deal with.
If she had been in better shape, she wouldn't have had any problem dealing with the likes of him. She could've taken on ten of them, for crying out loud.
With that said, her shoulder was injured. The fact that she stayed in the tunnel for so long meant that she was asphyxiated. So, she was not on top of her game.
It was not like she was losing ground with this particular bodyguard, but keeping him away was a little difficult.
She wasn't too worried about it. If she was lacking in the stamina department, then she'd make up for it using her skills!
Halfway through the fight, the bodyguard was starting to realize that Bonnie wasn't as frail as she made herself out to be. So, he, too, started getting serious.
Both of them were locked in deadly combat. At first, she could deal with him with ease. As time went by, though, she was getting more tired. At one point, she pulled her shoulder and let out a painful g***. "Ugh..."
The bodyguard seized the opportunity. His eyes were filled with menace as he swung the knife at her.
She reacted, but not fast enough. All she could do was turn the side of her body at the knife and try to bring the damage to a minimum.
Jim noticed it almost immediately.
Just as the knife was about to slash Bonnie, he darted at the bodyguard, hurling his feet at his belly.
The bodyguard swung the knife at Jim at the last second.
The tip of the knife sliced past his face, drawing blood and cutting off his mask.
As the sliced mask fell off, Jim's stoic face was revealed to everyone there.
He had shown up on the international papers. So, it didn't take them long to figure out who he was. Their eyes widened in shock and their jaws dropped.
'Jeez! I can't believe he's the world-renowned King of Combat, Jim Ryan!'
Shane was still stunned when he scanned Jim from head to toe. Then he looked at Bonnie, who the latter was protecting with his life, and thought back to how the security guard at Bonita Research Institute treated her.
Then, it hit him, and his eyes widened in shock.
"Y-You're... Ms. Boni..."
He didn't finish his sentence, but his stammering was more than enough to tell her just how astounded he was.
What he said was enough to tell her one thing. Shane knew who she was now. Stepping forward, she looked at him coldly.
"If you know who I am, what are you waiting for? Call your men back right now. You'll become the entire nation's enemy if anything happens to me."
Shane's face fell. In a matter of seconds, his back was covered with sweat.
'No one could've known that Ivor's fiancé is the world-renowned Ms. Bonita! However, I've come so far. It's too late to pull back now. It's not like I can just call the whole thing off anyway.
'I can't just let them leave, so I should just kill all of them and get rid of them once and for all! Everpeak is such a remote place that no one will know what I did as long as my men and I don't leak the news.'
Then, he turned around and barked coldly at the surrounding bodyguards, "Take them out! I want all of them dead. None of them are leaving this quarry alive!"
###Chapter 799
'I didn't count on Shane being this reckless. He knows about Bonnie's true identity, but he's still trying to kill her.'
Jim stepped forward and glared at Shane coldly. "I'm going to give you another chance, Shane. Are you going to keep going down this path?"
There was blood seeping off the cut on his face. Top that off with his imposing aura, he was sending chills down everyone's spine.
Shane was intimidated by it so much that his throat started getting dry. Even his back was covered in sweat.
'Jim truly lives up to his name of the King of Combat. Just look at the aura emanating from him and his pose. It's blood-chilling.'
Noticing that Shane didn't respond to Jim, Bonnie stepped forward and stared at him with cold, imposing eyes.
"Turn yourself in now. I might consider letting you off easy. If you insist on going down this path, however, you're going to regret it very much. You can't handle the consequences, Shane."
Ivor followed suit and stepped forward to stand side by side with her. His eyes were also filled with coldness when he glared at Shane.
"I'm warning you, Shane. Stop what you're doing now. Otherwise, I'm going to get my hands on you and you won't like what I'll do to you. Needless to say, I'll also take it easy on you if you own up to your mistake nicely."
All three of them were staring at him. Shane's back was frenched in cold sweat. It just so happened that the wind blew past him from the back, sending goosebumps all over him.
'Should I let Bonnie and the others go? Are they really going to forgive me if I do? Will they take it easy on me, like they promised?'
Tom realized that Shane was wavering. So, he said hastily, "Don't listen to their crap, Mr. Shane! They're only making things up to get you to let them go. If they get away safely, they're going to send someone else to destroy us."
"
Archie thought what Tom said made a lot of sense. So, he also chimed in, "That's right, Mr. Shane. Don't believe in them. We've gone too far. They're not going to let us go." Shane listened to both of them and thought back to how ruthless Ivor had been in their long-time rivalry. All of a sudden, he also thought the latter wouldn't let him off that easily. He might've wavered before, but he was becoming more resolute now. 'That's right. I can't afford to let them go. They have to die right here.'
He was in the middle of his thoughts when he looked at all three of them coldly.
"I'm not a fool. What makes you think I'll buy what you're selling? Here's the thing, guys. The only way things are going to end for you is that you guys will stay here forever!" Bonnie's eyes were filled with coldness when she heard what he said.
"I have to give it to you, Shane. You've got some nerve. You're trying to kill someone who works for the nation! You better hope that you can make us stay here forever. Otherwise, things are not going to end well for you."
He scoffed. "Get it through your thick head, Bonnie. There are only three of you here. Meanwhile, there are dozens of us. How do you fancy that you can win this? I can't believe you're thinking about getting out of here. Dream on, Bonnie!"
With that, he waved his hand at the surrounding bodyguards again.
"Take them out now! I said it once, and I'll say it again. Do not let any of them live! Make sure all of them stay here forever, and I promise all of you will get a handsome reward!"
All the bodyguards heard what he said and instantly became motivated. They roared before charging at Bonnie and the gang again.
Jim and Ivor saw how their adversaries were advancing on them and formed a perimeter around her again. This time, they kept her in the heart of it as well.
She noticed how the bodyguards were coming at them with the intention to kill.
'If this keeps up, then all three of us might be in great danger.'
###Chapter 800
'No. I have to figure something out. Jim and Ivor need a break.'
Bonnie checked her surroundings. Then, something popped into her mind and her eyes sparkled.
'That's it. How could I have forgotten about it? I brought with me about a dozen itching powders from Pyralis just for this occasion. The greatest part is that I'm carrying all of them with me.
'I just have to pour them out, and the bodyguards are going to suffer an unbearable itch.
'It's not like we're out of hot waters immediately, but it would give both of them a chance to take a much-needed break, at least.'
At the thought of it, she stuffed her hands into her pocket and shouted at Jim and Ivor. "Out of the way!"
They heard her and turned around. Seeing her hands in her pockets, they knew that something's about to happen. They swapped glances and stepped aside in unison.
She pulled out the itching powder and hurled it at the bodyguards.
The bodyguards still didn't know what happened. So, they kept charging at her.
Shane saw the moment and got a sinking feeling that something was wrong. He shouted at his bodyguards hastily, "No. Stop charging at her! Back off, now. All of you, back off!" However, the bodyguards couldn't stop now.
Then, every last one of them was hit by Bonnie's itching powder.
She watched as red rashes showed up on all of their necks and knew that the powder was working. She couldn't help but sneer.
"Heh... I developed an upgraded version of the itching powder. Enjoy it, guys."
With that, she shouted at both Jim and Ivor. "Run!"
Both of them followed her and ran without a moment's hesitation.
Shane was stunned by what he saw. Then, he returned to his senses and roared at his bodyguards, "After them! Hurry up. Don't let them get away!"
The bodyguards were about to do as they were told, but there was an unbearable itch on their bodies. It was so itchy that they simply couldn't stand it.
They couldn't care about anything other than scratching the itch.
It wasn't an exaggeration to say that they'd just as soon peel their skin off if it meant it'd stop itching. That was especially true for the bodyguards who were nearest to Bonnie. It was so itchy that they were rolling on the ground.
Tom couldn't help but widen his eyes. He was very taken aback by the sight.
"She drugged so many people in one go. How on earth did she do it? W-What a terrifying power she wields. She looked delicate and frail, but she's a tough cookie!"
Then, something occurred to him. Looking at Shane, he asked, "That reminds me, did you see through her real identity earlier, Mr. Shane? Who in the world is she? I don't get it at all."
###Chapter 801
Everpeak was a rural area where the people were barely updated with the latest news. It was usual for them to be unaware of something common knowledge in Pyralis. Shane looked at Tom dryly and asked, "Do you know who she is? How about Jim?"
Tim nodded. "I know about Master Jim."
At this point, Shane decided to stop hiding things. "Master Jim was assigned to protect a certain someone, and that someone is none other than Bonnie." 'Although the people of Everpeak might not have the latest news, Tom probably understands it now. Hopefully, I don't have to spell it out for him.'
A moment later, a world-renowned figure appeared in Tom's mind. His eyes widened in shock as he stammered, "A-Are you telling me Bonnie is Ms. Bonita?!"
'I should've known! However, Ms. Bonita is so prestigious that I never connected the dots that way. It turns out the two are the same person, after all!'
Noticing that Tom had realized it, Shane scoffed and said, "Now, do you know why I'm so eager to kill them? It's over for us if we let them live!"
Tom grew nervous when he heard that. He kept pacing back and forth as he said, "Then, what are we waiting for, Mr. Shane? Let's chase after them! If they manage to escape, we'll suffer for the rest of our lives!"
Shane looked at him condescendingly and asked, "Don't you think it's too late for you to worry about that now?"
"Come on, Mr. Shane! I'm anxious and scared. If you have an idea, just tell me, or I'll throw up!" Tom was so panicked that his palms began to sweat. His mind went blank, and he could not devise any plans. Still, he knew he could not allow Bonnie and her gang to live.
Shane sneered as he said, "Did you forget that they just walked toward a dead end? That path leads to a ravine. They can run, but they won't get far. So, all we have to do is pursue and catch them when they're trapped."
Tom remembered the ravine and smacked his forehead. "I-I was so worked up that I completely forgot about that. That's brilliant, Mr. Shane. You're teasing them with hope and then ripping it away at the last second. I'm impressed!"
His praises made Shane feel proud of himself. The latter felt like he was the most intelligent person in the world.
Shane said, "All right, that's enough a***-kissing for now. Let's head over and see how things turn out for them. I can't wait to see their faces when they see the ravine!"
Tom nodded and said, "You're right, Mr. Shane. Let's move now. I believe we're in for a treat."
No words could describe the ecstasy Shane felt at that moment. He could not care less about the bodyguards lying on the ground, scratching their bodies. The itchy powder had hindered over twenty of them, but there were still more than twenty, ready for action.
Given Bonnie and her gang's situation, twenty bodyguards were enough to take them down.
###Chapter 802
Meanwhile, Bonnie stared at the ravine from the cliff, her brows furrowed. She said, "No wonder Shane and his men didn't chase us. It turns out this path leads to a cliff." Ivor said solemnly, "Let's calm down and search for another way out. We'll be fine."
Jim added, "Stay hopeful. If we can't find another way out, we'll deal with them first and escape later. Your itchy powder dealt with at least half of their men. If we push back hard, we might create an opening to escape."
He knew Shane came prepared this time as the men the latter hired were highly formidable. Even Jim had trouble fending them off. However, half had fallen to the itchy powder, so Jim's plan was viable. Ivor agreed with Jim. The former looked sideways at Bonnie and asked, "What do you think? Should we turn back now? Fighting them on this cliff isn't ideal if they find us."
Bonnie was about to respond when she heard Shane's triumphant voice, "Don't worry about that. We're here."
She looked toward the voice, only to see Shane and Tom bringing over twenty men to form a perimeter around the cliff. Soon after, they closed in on the trio.
'These guys must've stood in the back earlier. That's why the itchy powder didn't reach them.'
Ivor looked around and calmly stood before Bonnie. Then, he glanced at Shane and tried to negotiate, "You're only going against me because you want to be the wealthiest person in Pyralis. I'll willingly give you that title and even throw in half of my company's collaborations."
His offer sounded tempting, but Shane had been a fool one too many times. There was no way he would believe Ivor again. "Ivor, do you think I'm an idiot? What makes you think I buy your bullshit?" Ivor replied indifferently, "I'm a man of my word. I've never broken my promises. I can't help it if you don't believe me, but you only get one chance. If you don't use it well, you'll regret it."
Shane smirked, saying, "You're forgetting something. You three are at my mercy now because we outnumber you. I can do whatever I want. You can't negotiate with me."
"Oh? What makes you so sure I can't?" Ivor asked casually, but his arrogance was unmistakable.
Shane dared not tell his men to attack because he felt intimidated. He could only stare at Ivor and ask, "What do you mean?"
Ivor brushed the debris off his suit and aggressively approached Shane. Jim was about to follow, but Bonnie stopped him and whispered, "Don't worry."
Jim was stunned, wondering why she said something like that. Meanwhile, Bonnie read his expression and knew his thoughts. She smiled, saying, "You're forgetting something. He's the head of the Knight family and the most ruthless man in Pyralis."
###Chapter 803
Jim felt much better once he heard Bonnie's words.
'How'd I forget about that? Ivor can make anything happen in Pyralis, not to mention his blood-chilling identity. That's enough to neutralize any threat we face. A ruthless man like him has unlimited resources and capabilities. I'm not even needed here.'
With that in mind, Jim turned to Bonnie. It occurred to him that he had overlooked Ivor's capabilities because Bonnie overshadowed Ivor with her incredible talents.
Meanwhile, Shane stared at Ivor, overwhelmed by the latter's imposing demeanor.
Ivor raised his chin slightly and said, "If you consider me your rival, you should know me well. Do you think I wouldn't have prepared myself before coming to another nation alone?"
Shane squinted while Ivor continued, "Of course, I made arrangements before coming out here. If anything happens to me during this business trip, my shares will go to my Grandpa. You can kill me, Shane, but I won't have any of Knight Group's shares once I stop breathing."
"You're a ruthless bastard, Ivor!" Shane was shocked. "You're a family head, all right. That explains why you achieved it at such a young age. You're like a martyr. You impress me, Ivor!"
Ivor responded coldly, "That's why you should consider my offer. Oh, scratch that. I think you have to accept my offer."
Shane gnashed his teeth furiously and had to admit defeat. After all, Ivor had the best collaborators in Pyralis. The former would gain plenty if Ivor shared even one-third of his shares, not to mention half. 'My company will see exponential growth soon once I agree with Ivor. Maybe I should strike a deal with him.'
With that in mind, Shane composed himself and said, "If you mean it, I'm sure you'll agree to sign a contract with me, right?"
"That's correct," Ivor swiftly responded. Then, something occurred to him, and he added, "That said, there's no contract here. We should move this conversation to my office."
Shane shook his head. "I won't believe you just because you said so. You must show me you mean it."
Ivor's eyes gleamed as he stared at Shane, realizing the latter was about to take the bait. The former asked, "What do you want, Shane? Name your terms, and I'll do everything you ask."
Shane looked between Bonnie and Jim a moment later before settling on the latter. "I know you and Bonnie share a profound love, so I won't force you to do anything to her. Here's the deal. Push Jim off the cliff, and I'll believe you. Then, I'll let you two go."
Bonnie's heart raced as a hint of fury arose within her. "Shane! Learn to quit while you're ahead!"
Jim had kept her safe for many years. He was not just a friend but more like family to Bonnie. However, Shane had asked the man she loved to put her family in harm's way.
'That's it! Shane's dead!'
Shane gazed at Bonnie and smiled coldly. He questioned, "What are you talking about, Bonnie? I'm doing this for you and your beloved. Sacrificing Jim will save both of your lives. Don't you think it's a good deal?"
Bonnie sneered. "Damn you, you crazy old fart. Your time has come!"
Immediately after, she dashed toward Shane and slapped him before anyone could react. She did not hold back, either. She struck him so hard that he almost blacked out.
"Mr. Shane!" Tom and the bodyguards huddled around to check on him. "Are you okay, sir?"
Bonnie wanted to slap him several times but knew it was not the right time. After all, she was outnumbered. Ultimately, she stepped back.
Jim looked at her and saw how defensive she was toward him. He felt a warmth in his chest as he said, "You don't have to get upset for me. Your safety is what matters most to me." Bonnie turned to look at him. She asked solemnly, "What are you talking about? You're like family to me."
Her words moved Jim again.
'That's why I've always stayed with her. Everyone knows me as Bonita's bodyguard and says I protect the pillar of the scientific research world. The truth is I'm not doing it for science. I'm doing it for Bonnie. 'That's just how charismatic she is. She makes me feel it's worth it to give my life for her if it means keeping her safe.'
At that moment, Ivor glanced away and then smiled deliberately at Shane. "Hang in there, you two. Our reinforcements have arrived."
Bonnie and Jim followed Ivor's previous gaze and saw Floyd leading a group of men toward them.
"Perfect, now we don't have to sacrifice anyone!" Jim had been worried about Bonnie's injuries since he first saw them. It seemed he could stop worrying soon.
"Yeah," Ivor nodded and said coldly, "Let's deal with these guys. We'll take down as many as possible."
Immediately after, he charged at them, yanked one of the men by the collar, and started wailing at him. Meanwhile, Jim was behind Ivor, wiping the floor with the others. On the other hand, Bonnie leisurely stood aside and watched the fight.
'Now that Floyd's here with backup, all we have to do is deal with whoever's in our way.'
Suddenly, Shane sprang to his feet and charged toward her, his eyes filled with hatred. "Die, Bonnie!"
Ivor and Jim saw him and tried to rush to her side. However, Shane's bodyguards held them back.
'Oh, no. I can't make it in time!'
###Chapter 804
"Bonnie!" Ivor frowned and clenched his fists, his body stiffening. His eyes reddened as he watched what happened. Suddenly, something snapped in him, and he felt like the world had turned grey. Meanwhile, Jim could only stare at Bonnie as Shane shoved her off the cliff. Although he reacted, there was a reasonable distance between him and Bonnie. Jim simply had no way of saving Bonnie. As Jim and Ivor thought Bonnie was about to fall off the cliff, she grinned confidently. She dug her heels into some protruding rocks at the cliff's edge a moment later and swung herself back, avoiding Shane's tackle.
He had charged at her fiercely but missed his target and could not stop propelling toward the ravine.
"Ahh!" Shane let out a shriek of fear.
He thought it was over for him. He tried killing Bonnie but botched it and ended up throwing himself off the cliff. He felt despair, and his face paled. However, right before plummeting to his death, someone yanked him back to safety.
When Shane found his footing and looked to his savior, he realized it was Bonnie. "Wh-why did you save me?"
He had done horrible things to the trio and thought Bonnie would have wanted him dead. He was in disbelief that she saved his life instead.
Bonnie approached Shane and said, "You might've tried to kill us, but that doesn't mean we must stoop to your level. Also, you were about to die before my eyes. If I did nothing, I would be a degenerate like you.
"Of course, the biggest reason I saved you is because I won't let you die so easily after everything you've done to us. I'm not that merciful."
Ivor and Jim simultaneously sighed in relief when they realized Bonnie was safe. They felt like a weight had been lifted from their soldiers. It made sense since she was an intelligent woman. She would not have put herself in danger.
Even if Bonnie was in a tight spot, she could always turn it around effortlessly.
Meanwhile, Shane thought, 'I thought she saved me because she's experienced and could look past the horrible things I did to them. That last part of her sentence undid any gratefulness I had for her.
'I mean, Bonnie is Ivor's fiancee. She could win that cunning and calculating man's heart. She's his equal, so why would she be any less crafty than her fiance? Bonnie's not the sympathetic, benevolent woman I thought she was.'
Shane's heart sank as he stared at Bonnie, seemingly hatching another sinister plan. Simultaneously, Floyd arrived at the scene with Alfred and the cops.
"Freeze! Hands in the air!"
Tom turned around and saw dozens of gun-holding police officers. His legs turned to jelly instantly, and his body trembled. Then, he fell to his knees and placed both hands on his head.
The bodyguards also knew they stood no chance of fighting. Ultimately, they all raised their hands, showing that they had surrendered. Then, they also got on their knees.
Shane quickly recomposed himself, racking his brain for a solution.
'I-I can't stay here. I have to run! Things have gone out of control. If I let them arrest me, I'll suffer!'
Immediately after, he put his thoughts into action.
###Chapter 805
Shane crept to the other side before the cops moved in on him. However, Bonnie noticed it immediately after. She grinned coldly and darted over to him. "Where do you think you're going?" Shane whipped around when he heard her voice. Sweat dripped from his forehead, and he gulped when he saw her grin.
'That's a devilish smile. I have to get as far from Bonnie as possible.'
With that in mind, he took hurried steps back. As he was about to turn and run the other way, Bonnie was already in his way again. She balled her fist and punched his belly.
"Ugh!" Shane grunted and fell to his knees, panting and looking miserable. The pain was so unbearable that he could not help but have a mild seizure. Then, it spread to his organs, growing increasingly intolerable.
He clutched his stomach and looked up at her, stammering, "Th-that was cruel, Bonnie!"
Bonnie's smile widened as she stared into his frightened eyes. She casually said, "I thought I told you I won't let you die so quickly. That'd be too merciful. I'll make you wish you were dead."
"Why, you-" Shane was overwhelmed with anger and resentment. However, the pain was so intense that he could not speak coherently. His back was covered in sweat as he hunched over and tried to back away from Bonnie.
'He looks so pitiful. Did he honestly think he could get away? His lack of intelligence deserves an award.'
Suddenly, Bonnie kicked Shane's ankle.
Crack!
The sound of a bone snapping echoed. Immediately after, Shane's blood-curdling scream filled the air, "Gah!"
Bonnie watched as he grimaced in pain and anguish. Then, she withdrew her leg with a cold expression, telling Ivor's bodyguards, "I'm not done with him. Take him back to Pyralis. I'll take my sweet time settling the score with him. Also, ensure you watch him at all times. I don't want him to escape."
Ivor's bodyguards responded in unison, "Understood, Ms. Bonnie!"
"All right, then. Take the rest away. I'll give you orders on how to handle them shortly." Bonnie waved for them to leave.
"Copy that," the bodyguards responded again before working alongside the cops to drag Shane, Tom, Archie, and the rest away.
Shane saw the cops coming for him. He turned to Bonnie and begged, "I-I'm sorry, Ms. Bonita! I've learned from my mistakes. Please spare me and give me a chance to change. I swear never to do something like this again. Please, go easy on me, Ms. Bonita!"
###Chapter 806
Bonnie squatted before Shane and stared at him dryly. She looked calm, but what she said next made his heart sink. "What, am I supposed to give you another chance to set us up again? Why would I do something like that?"
Shane gulped, and he paled.
Bonnie did not want to waste another second on him. She turned sideways and ordered the bodyguards, "Take him away."
Ivor's bodyguards came forward and did as Bonnie said, ignoring Shane's pleas and cries. Soon after, the authorities cleared the scene and left Bonnie, Ivor, Jim, Floyd, and several cops.
Now that the crisis had ended, Bonnie's body finally reached its limits. Suddenly, her vision blurred, and she wobbled involuntarily.
Naturally, Ivor noticed it before anyone else. He raced over and caught Bonnie before she fell to the floor. Looking at her pale face worriedly, he asked, "What's wrong? Wake up, Bonnie. Come on, look at me. You can't fall asleep now."
Bonnie slowly opened her eyes and saw how anxious her fiance was. She palmed his cheek and forced a smile. "I-I'm okay. I'm just a little tired and want to nap. Can you hold me so I can rest?"
Ivor was about to say something when he noticed her exhausted expression. He kissed her forehead and said warmly, "All right, you can rest in my arms as long as you want."
"Okay," Bonnie responded softly and closed her eyes. She had long overworked her body and had no strength left. She would need a long nap to recuperate.
Ivor stared at her as she leaned on him. He could not help but feel heartbroken, thinking, 'It's all my fault. None of this would've happened if Bonnie didn't have to protect me.'
He sighed solemnly and carried Bonnie to Jim and the others. Then, Ivor realized something was wrong. Bonnie's skin was scorching, probably from a fever. He stared at her intensely, wanting to confirm whether it was a fever. However, he could not do it as he was carrying her.
Ivor looked at Jim, standing not too far from him, and said, "Jim, I think she has a fever. I need you to check her temperature."
"A fever?" Jim frowned. "Don't worry. I'm coming. Hmm, her shoulder injury must've triggered the fever. We need to get her to a hospital, or she might be in more danger."
"Okay, let's go now." Ivor held Bonnie tighter and rushed to a car. He muttered as he walked, "Hang in there, Bonnie. I won't let anything happen to you."
Although Ivor knew she was asleep and could not hear him, it did not stop him from saying that. After all, he said it for her sake and as a reminder to himself. 'I won't let anything happen to her, no matter what. I love her more than anything.'
###Chapter 807
Jim and Floyd followed Ivor. All four of them got into the car and headed for the hospital. An hour later, they arrived at the best hospital in Everpeak. Later, the doctor had Bonnie's checkup results. As Jim said, her shoulder injury had gotten infected, which triggered the fever.
Even so, Bonnie was strong, and it wasn't anything serious. They just had to tend to her wound and give her some antibiotics.
Ivor had been worried sick all the way here. He finally felt better after listening to the doctor's advice. Fortunately, Bonnie's condition wasn't severe, or he would have lost control of himself.
'I'll make everyone involved in hurting her pay when I'm back in Pyralis!'
Jim sighed in relief. He sat beside Ivor and thought back to everything Shane had done. Then, he looked at Ivor and asked, "How are you going to deal with Shane, Ivor?"
A hint of sharpness flashed in Ivor's eyes. His voice was also filled with coldness when he spoke.
"He's going to rot in jail for the rest of his pathetic life. That's a given. However, he won't know peace before his eventual imprisonment, either!
"With that said, I'll still discuss this with Bonnie and see how she wants to proceed. Once she has had her fill, I'll take over and have my turn at Shane."
"That works. We'll talk about this again when Bonnie's come to," Jim said.
Then, something occurred to him, and he added, "I've informed the Everpeak Police Department to send Shane and his gang back to Pyralis. Let's go back home as soon as she's awake. After all, Everpeak is hardly the place for healing."
Ivor nodded. He agreed with Jim's idea.
"Alright."
It was nearing evening when she finally opened her eyes. Turning around, she swept her eyes across the room and took in the sight.
'It looks like Ivor and the others sent me to a hospital. With that said, I feel much better after some rest. Aside from the pain in my shoulder, I'm doing quite well.' Ivor was standing outside the door.
'Bonnie should be waking up anytime now. This porridge I bought outside should be able to rejuvenate her a little.'
Entering the ward with the porridge, he was thrilled that she had woken up.
"Back among the living, at last, Bonnie. Are you feeling better now? Do you feel pain anywhere else?"
She shook her head gently. "I'm fine and doing much better now. There's nothing to be worried about." Then, she smelled the delicious taste of the porridge in his hand and couldn't help but glance at it. "I'm a little hungry, though. Hurry up and open it. I want to eat it now."
She was so eager to eat the porridge that it made him chuckle.
"Alright. I'll pour it into a bowl now."
After putting the porridge on the table, he poured it into a small bowl and stirred it up. Once it cooled, he scooped a spoonful and brought it to Bonnie's mouth. "Open up." He acted as if he was feeding a child.
Her lips twitched a little. "I don't need you to feed me, Ivor. I can do it myself."
"Nuh-uh. You're injured because of me. So, stay put. I'm feeding you the porridge, and I insist on it," Ivor said firmly.
Bonnie shook her left arm before him, which was working just fine. "I have a perfectly usable arm. I can eat just fine. You must've been exhausted after what happened today. I mean it, you don't have to feed me. I can do it myself."
###Chapter 808
"I'm not tired. You're the only thing that matters to me.." Ivor held Bonnie's hand gently. His adoration was unmistakable.
"You came to Everpeak for my sake and got injured because of me. That's not even saying that you almost fell over a cliff. It's only right that I feed and care for you now. Are you going to turn me down over such small stuff? I could die from the weight of guilt alone."
Her heart softened when she met his gaze, filled with love and guilt. She decided she wouldn't fight him over it.
"If you insist on feeding me, there's no reason to reject you. After all, I'll get to enjoy a top-notch service."
He smiled when he heard that. Then, he brought the spoon to Bonnie's mouth. "Here, have some of the porridge."
She glanced at him sidelong before leaning over to eat the porridge. The moment she gulped the first mouthful, she couldn't help but frown.
"Why is it tasteless?"
He explained, "Your shoulder injury is inflamed, and you have a mild fever. I was worried your stomach wouldn't take it if I fed you something too oily, so I asked the chef to make something lighter.
"Just bear with it a little. Once we return to Pyralis and you fully recover, I'll ask our chefs to make different dishes for you daily. That ought to make things interesting." "Alright. I'll eat the porridge."
'As a medical practitioner, I know that eating oily contributes to inflammation.
'That said, I know he's doing this because he has my best interest. I guess I'll play ball for now."
The next day, Ivor and the gang returned to Pyralis immediately.
Lying down on the soft couch, she couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.
"Phew... Home sweet home."
Ivor sat down next to her and thought about Shane. Looking at her, he asked, "I have Shane locked up in our villa's basement. What are your plans for him?" She mulled it over. Then, something came to her, and her lips curled into a cunning grin.
"I have an idea. Come closer. I'm going to let you in on it."
"I'm listening." He leaned in closer. Then, she whispered into his ear about the facade of her plan.
He nodded with a smile after that.
"I know what must be done now. Leave it to me, Bonnie."
"Okay. Go on and do it now. I'll take a nap upstairs." She yawned.
He nodded and responded, "Sure."
The same afternoon, the business industry was assaulted with a barrage of news claiming that the Knight Group was about to acquire the Gemedia Group.
At the same time, it struck fear into the hearts of the Knight Group's competitors. After all, they were trying to join forces with the Gemedia Group to take down the Knight Group. With that said, most of them were relieved.
They were grateful that they didn't agree to collaborate with Shane. Otherwise, the Knight Group wouldn't have stopped at acquiring the Gemedia Group. They would've been targets as well. Lady Luck must've smiled upon them and saved them from a disaster.
Naturally, this also dismissed their intentions to antagonize the Knight Group further. After all, Ivor's company was founded more than a hundred years ago, and the man himself was a business sage.
On the other hand, they were minor companies. If they were to go against Ivor's company, they'd surely achieve nothing more than getting themselves destroyed.
They weren't sure how they got the idea or courage to want to collaborate with Gemedia Group and tear down the Knight Group.
Now that they saw the tragic ending of the Gemedia Group, they had all but abandoned those ridiculous ideas.
It wasn't just something temporary, either. They were so intimidated that they would never dream about doing something outrageous.
###Chapter 809
Bonnie woke up from her nap and read the news on the internet. Then, she glanced at Ivor, who was cutting up fruits for her, and gave him an approving look. "Well done, Ivor. Things have exceeded my expectations."
Holding the fruit platter, he smiled and walked over to her side. "Naturally. That's a task you entrusted to me. Of course, I'll ensure everything goes well."
She gave him a sidelong glance and snorted lightly. "Tsk, you would've done the same thing even if I hadn't asked you to. Do you think I don't know about that? Furthermore, the Knight Group stands to be the big winner of this maneuver.
"I can't believe you're trying to make it sound like you're doing me a favor. You just don't know when to quit, Ivor."
'Acquiring the Gemedia Group would've driven back my competitors, especially those planning to conspire with Shane to take me down. Moreover, I can decisively solidify my company's status in the industry.
'If I think of the whole thing this way, it's worth going through everything I've experienced in Everpeak.'
Ivor chuckled, stabbed a piece of sliced apple, and brought it before her lips.
"We're on the same team. If I win, you win too. Don't you agree? If you think about it that way, what's the difference?"
She ate the sliced apple before rolling her eyes at him.
"What are you talking about? There's a big difference there!"
Resting his chin on his hands, he looked at her casually. "Really? Why don't you tell me what kind of difference is there?"
She rolled her eyes at him so hard that they were about to pop.
'I know how good he is at twisting facts to his advantage. If I keep arguing with him, we could talk well into the night. I'm not about to do that.'
"Forget it. I don't intend to waste my breath here. Give me a minute. I'll finish the fruit platter, and we'll meet with Shane. We have to give him the 'good news.""
He raised his fork and fed her another slice of apple.
"It's okay. We're not in a hurry anyway. Take your time with it."
"Okay." She responded. Leaning back on the couch, she enjoyed the fruit, which Ivor continued to feed her.
'I have to give it to him. He's taking care of me superbly. Since we returned from Everpeak, he's ensured I don't have to worry about anything. He has made all possible arrangements.' She raised her eyes and glanced at Ivor. The more she looked at him, the more satisfied she became with him.
'Hmm, I know I fell in love with him for a reason. Yeah, he might be a little smart-mouthed, but he's an incredible man, all things considered.'
Evening rolled on. The sun was setting over the horizon.
Bonnie and Ivor descended into the basement together.
Looking at Shane, seated in the corner, she walked over to him and asked leisurely, "Is that you, Shane? How does it feel to be locked in here? It's awful, isn't it?"
Shane saw the big smile on her face and gnashed his teeth instinctively, emanating an air of intense hatred. His eyes were bloodshot at once.
"What on earth are you guys going to do to me? Will you please just come out with it?"
'Every day I spent here is torture. Since I was locked in here, I have no idea what awaits me next. It feels like being trapped in a guillotine and not knowing when the blade will come slashing down. 'The worst part is that I'm all alone here. So, I can't do anything about my situation.
'Yeah. I tried controlling myself and avoiding thinking about when Ivor and Bonnie were going to torture me. For crying out loud, I don't even know what they have in store for me.'
Days passed by, and his psyche was constantly being tortured, driving him to the point of losing his marbles.
###Chapter 810
Bonnie knew how much Shane was tormented by looking at his eyes. Smiling, she asked, "Is that all it takes to torture you? Can you handle what I'm about to tell you? What if it makes you worse than you are now?"
As far as Shane was concerned, she resembled the devil. He recalled the moment he stood on the cliff and the excruciating pain he felt when she kicked him.
'I remember just how unbearable the pain was. It was worse than death. Now, she has the same smile on her face. Is she planning on beating me up again?'
At the thought of it, he felt a pain in his belly again. He didn't realize it, but his body hunched a little.
Bonnie noticed it and knew what was on his mind. She grinned, and the humor in her eyes grew. "Don't worry about it. I won't hit you again. I'm just here to tell you something you must know." Surprised that she saw through him, Shane stopped himself from backing off. A hint of embarrassment flashed across his face. "D-Did I say I'm afraid of you? Will you stop flattering yourself?"
Crack!
"You're not afraid of me?" Bonnie cracked her knuckles and approached him with a smile.
When he heard the sound, he could feel the hair stand up on the back of his neck. A moment later, he staggered several steps back. "D-Don't come any closer!"
'I was just trying to preserve my honor as a man when I told her I'm not afraid of her. I didn't know my words would trigger her to want to beat me up for real. I should've just kept my big mouth shut.' He was in the middle of his thoughts when Bonnie stood before him.
Before he could react, she was already pulling out something from her pocket. Then, a shadow loomed before him, blocking his sight.
He thought she was about to hit him. So, he instinctively cupped his head, his body trembling. He couldn't help but yell, "Don't hit me. Don't do it!"
Now that she was about to hit him, he could no longer talk tough.
'Her punches are just too horrifying. I've learned it the hard way. It felt as if she was smashing up my organs. Once was more than enough.'
However, he waited a long time, yet the foreboding pain didn't land on him. Then, he opened his eyes a little. Raising his head, he saw her smiling face.
"Didn't you just say that you aren't afraid of me? So, why is your body shaking this much? Is it because it's too cold in the basement? Should I ask my men to bring you more blankets?"
He could detect the unbridled sarcasm in her tone. Then, he thought back to his exaggerated reaction and paled immediately. A hint of rage flashed in his eyes as well.
Glaring at her, he barked, "Are you toying with me on purpose?!"
She shrugged and stared at him half-heartedly.
"Yeah. I did. What are you going to do about it?"
Shane was beside himself with so much rage that he fantasized about ways to mess with Bonnie. However, the reality remains that she was playing him like a fiddle. He simply couldn't win with her. The next moment, he looked at the dimly lit and humid basement, which was enough to deflate him.
Sighing heavily, he rubbed his eyebrows helplessly and said in a lonely tone, "Out with it. What are you doing here? Will you please get to the point and stop playing me for a fool?"
###Chapter 811
Shane's mental state was on the brink of collapse. He feared losing his sanity if Bonnie continued to torment him.
She asked, "Am I intentionally toying with you, or are you too stubborn to admit you're scared? It's almost like you're forcing me to do this."
Her words were meant to intimidate Shane. He was stunned, and his mouth was agape.
Since he did not respond, Bonnie stopped teasing him and got to the point, "You're here because I want to show you something."
She took her phone from her pocket and held it to Shane. "Here, take a look."
Shane felt uneasy, wondering what Bonnie was about to show him. Still, he looked at the screen. His heart raced when he saw what was on it.
The screen showed the news of the Knight Group acquiring Gemedia Group, which Shane had painstakingly built over half his life. Additionally, all his mansions and assets were seized.
The news was a devastating blow to Shane because his career was his life. He clutched his chest as he grimaced in agony, looking like he would faint at any moment.
Bonnie observed him and put away her phone, asking, "How do you feel after seeing that, Mr. Shane?"
Shane patted his chest, his eyes bloodshot as he said, "Th-that was my life's work. How dare you do this to me? How could you?!"
"Why wouldn't we dare?" Bonnie stepped closer and stared into his eyes. "You've done so many evil things-this is your karma. You should prepare to spend the rest of your life in prison." "Ahhh!" Shane screamed in despair and rage. He even coughed up blood in his fit of anger. "Pfft, cough, cough!"
Bonnie was disgusted, stepping back to avoid getting blood on herself. Then, she called out toward the door, “Jim."
Jim entered the basement and addressed Bonnie, "I'm here."
She pointed at Shane and ordered, "Take him downtown and have him prosecuted for his crimes. Follow the procedure and handle the rest as necessary." "Understood," Jim responded and gestured to the soldiers outside. Then, two men dressed in army uniforms entered, unchained Shane, and dragged him out.
Shane was in a daze while being taken away. He muttered, "It's over for me. All my hard work and efforts are ruined."
Losing Gemedia Group had a profound impact on him.
Once Bonnie finished handling everything, Ivor approached and asked in puzzlement, "Honey, you came all this way to tell Shane about Knight Group acquiring his company?" "Yeah, why?" Bonnie turned to look at him.
Ivor chuckled. "I just don't quite understand why you did it. I thought you came so far to beat him up and vent your anger before sending him to jail."
###Chapter 812
Bonnie felt a little helpless, saying, "Do I look like someone who only knows how to use force?"
Ivor smiled and embraced her gently. "I'm not saying you're rough. I just think using force is a more straightforward way to solve problems. I said that because I thought you'd use it."
Bonnie raised her brows and glanced sideways at her fiance. She said, "As usual, you're good with words."
Ivor smiled faintly and took her hand to lead her out. "The basement smells terrible. Let's leave."
"Sure," Bonnie responded softly and followed Ivor out.
When they reached outside, he looked at Bonnie and asked, "Can you tell me why you came just to inform Shane about losing his company?"
"It's simple." Bonnie hooked her arm around Ivor's and walked with him. She explained, "Physical harm doesn't cause much suffering to someone as proud and arrogant as Shane. He'll only feel miserable once I break his psychological defenses.
"He has always aspired to be the wealthiest man in the city, which shows he's career-minded and values his company immensely. I came to tell him about your family acquiring his company to shatter his hopes."
Upon hearing that, Ivor remembered seeing Shane vomiting blood in the basement.
'Bonnie struck Shane's weak spot so precisely, ensuring Shane would remain in constant torment even in prison.'
Ivor teased, "Your move was ruthless. Whenever Shane thinks of you in prison, he'll probably grit his teeth and break out in a cold sweat. I'm confident he'll never want to see you again."
"Well, he deserves it." Bonnie's eyes turned cold as she spoke. After all, Shane had hurt her fiance.
She teased, "Remember not to betray me, or I guarantee your fate will be worse than his."
Ivor felt amused and helpless, saying, "Honey, don't you know me by now? I don't have time to spoil you, so how can I betray you?"
Bonnie looked at him with a half-smile and said, "You'd better keep it that way."
"Then spend a lifetime observing me," Ivor said as he interlocked his fingers with hers, "I'm sure I can pass the test."
Bonnie blushed as she looked at his solemn expression. She turned aside and cleared her throat. "All right, that's enough. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I'm glad you understand that." "Okay," Ivor gently responded, "I'll cook for you when we get back. What would you like to eat?"
After some thought, she answered, "Spaghetti Bolognese. It's been a long time since I had that."
"Perfect. Then let's hurry home so I can make it for you." Ivor quickened his pace, and they started jogging.
Bonnie did not resist. Instead, she let him lead her away. She sighed in contentment as she felt the wind brushing against her cheeks and looked at the man holding her hand.
Three days later, Bonnie's shoulder almost healed completely. She thought it had been a while since she attended school, so she went early.
###Chapter 813
When Bonnie went to the lecture hall, only a few classmates were scattered in their seats. A while later, more students trickled in.
They were surprised when they saw Bonnie but soon went to their seats. After all, Bonnie skipped classes frequently, and they had long grown accustomed to it.
Bonnie felt bored after sitting at her desk for a while. She looked at her watch and noticed there was still a way to go before class would start. She took a book from her drawer to pass the time, and a few minutes later, she heard a sarcastic voice.
"Hey, Bonnie, how many days have you been absent? Now you're pretending to read a Zudalish book? Can you even understand it?"
Bonnie recognized Frankie's voice and lazily looked at him. She said, "Just because you can't understand it doesn't mean others can't. Don't use your lack of intelligence to define me, okay?" "Hmph!" Frankie scoffed. "You're just pretending. I bet you don't even remember your name!"
Avril entered the lecture hall and sat beside Bonnie. She looked at Frankie mockingly and remarked, "Did you forget to brush your teeth this morning? Your breath stinks so bad I could smell it from the hallway. "You should at least manage your appearance for your classmates' sake, even if no one likes you."
Frankie turned red with rage as he growled, "I was talking to Bonnie, not you. Why are you butting in?"
Avril put her arm around Bonnie's shoulder and raised a brow at Frankie, saying, "So what if I am? Are you going to hit me? Just because Bonnie doesn't mind you doesn't mean I have to tolerate your nonsense. If you say one more word, I'll tape your mouth shut, got it?"
"Wh-why, you " Frankie's heart raced, and he could not form a coherent sentence.
Avril rolled her eyes at him, then turned to Bonnie. The former whispered, "Bonnie, you can read Zudalish, right?"
Bonnie closed the book and nodded. "Yeah, I used to stay in Zudale. I learned Zudalish to communicate with the Zudalians."
When she mentioned Zudale, she remembered meeting a strikingly handsome person. He had blond hair, distinctive features, and dark green eyes. The mysterious-looking man was Andreas McFarland, the prince of Zudale.
He had helped Bonnie a lot when she was in Zudale. He ensured she had everything she needed and took her to wondrous places. However, one particularly troublesome thing about it was that Andreas liked Bonnie.
###Chapter 814
'Not only did Andreas like me, but he stuck to me like glue. He followed me wherever I went, and I couldn't shake him off.' Thinking about him gave Bonnie a headache. She expressed her frustration with Andreas's actions by rubbing her temples.
Suddenly, her phone vibrated, and she saw a text from Andreas. The message read, "Bonnie, I have great news for you! I finally learned to speak Arvandish and will visit you once I finish arranging things here. Bonnie replied, "Say what now?"
"Don't you believe me?"
"Zudale is so far from here. Are you sure you want to visit me? You're not joking, are you?"
"You'll know whether or not I'm joking in a few days," Andreas replied with a mysterious-looking emoji.
Bonnie felt exasperated as she replied, "I don't think you should visit, especially because you're a prince. I fear I can't host you properly."
Andreas did not reply after that. Bonnie stared at her phone and furrowed her brows, thinking, 'Knowing his impulsiveness, he might be serious about visiting.'
Then, Frankie's voice interrupted her thoughts, "Bonnie, can't you speak for yourself instead of letting Avril do it? Oh, I know! You must be silent because I've exposed your fake knowledge of Zudalish." Bonnie looked at him condescendingly. "Frankie, do you start to feel uncomfortable if you don't cause trouble for a day? I suggest you work on improving yourself and gaining more experience instead. Otherwise, you can't graduate."
Frankie choked, "Why do you care whether or not I improve? You're just meddling!"
Bonnie smirked. "You're right, so I'll return the sentiment. It's none of your business if I know Zudalish, so stop meddling."
Frankie was furious when she used his words against him. He did not know how to retort and could only stare at her.
Bonnie quietly waited for his response. Still, he stood there without intending to leave. She raised her brow at him and questioned, "Why are you still here? Do you want to be my bodyguard or something?" Frankie snorted. "I have something to say. That's why I'm still here."
Bonnie looked at him exasperatedly and said, "Say it then."
Frankie's expression shifted from a glare to a smirk. It was as if he remembered something of significance.
###Chapter 815
"I just wanted to remind you of our bet. You told everyone to buy tech stocks and Tang Fusion Studios shares. However, both stock prices have stabilized with no sign of a sharp rise. "So, it might be difficult for you to win. If you lose, you must honor our agreement. No excuses, Bonnie."
After some thought, Bonnie said, "Yeah, our bet should conclude soon. Don't worry. I always keep my word. I won't back down, nor should you if you lose."
Her research was nearing its final breakthrough, and she estimated it should be complete within six months. Bonnie also aimed to finish the experiment by the end of next year.
Meanwhile, Frankie thought she was just trying to irritate him. He suppressed his anger and said, "I won't cheat if you don't. You don't have to worry about me."
Bonnie shrugged. "That's even better."
"Hmph!" Frankie scoffed and glared at Bonnie before leaving.
Avril watched him and rolled her eyes at his retreating figure. "He rushed over to make his presence known as soon as you returned. I wonder if he has a s*** loose. He does such ridiculous things every day."
"Just ignore him. I'll be the winner," Bonnie said. She was too lazy to argue with him.
Avril smiled when she considered Bonnie's multiple identities. The former said, "Of course, you have insider information. He can keep dreaming if he thinks he can beat you."
"I didn't want to be in a bet with him, but since he insisted, I had to accept the challenge." Bonne shrugged, sounding helpless.
"Frankie brought it on himself, so it's not your fault for crushing him." Avril could not help but imagine Frankie's expression once he lost the bet. It would be wonderfully dramatic and humiliating, and he would regret opposing Bonnie.
Suddenly, Avril and Bonnie overheard their classmates' discussions.
"Hey, did you hear? The new university president is giving a speech today."
"Yeah, it's near the end of the term, after all. It's tradition for the president to give a speech. Now that the old president has retired, it's the new president's turn."
"I heard she's young. I'm curious about what she looks like. She's been keeping a low profile all along, too. I hope we can finally see her today."
"You're not the only one who's curious. I bet the whole school wonders what she looks like and what kind of person she is."
Avril looked around to ensure no one was listening before whispering to Bonnie, "You've been so busy lately. Did you come today just for the assembly?"
"Yeah, most of the professors texted me about it early this morning," Bonnie replied.
She remembered the assembly despite her busy schedule. Now that her shoulder had healed, she decided to return, especially since she had been away for so long. Indeed, the assembly was a significant reason for her to return.
Avril glanced at Frankie and smiled meaningfully. "Frankie keeps picking on you. I wonder how he'd react if he knew you were the university president."
###Chapter 816
Avril considered Bonnie's upcoming speech and asked curiously, "Do you plan on telling everyone you're the new president?"
The latter glanced at Avril and winked. "Guess."
"I can't," Avril said, shaking Bonnie's arm, "Just tell me!"
Bonnie smirked. "Do you really want to know?"
Avril nodded eagerly. "Yes, yes! Tell me!"
Bonnie gestured for Avril to come closer. "Come here."
Avril's eyes lit up as she leaned in. "Hurry up and tell me."
Under Avril's expectant gaze, Bonnie slowly said, "It's a secret."
"Aw, man!" Avril exclaimed in disappointment, "I thought you'd tell me! Do you know how it feels to be led on like that? The higher my expectation, the greater the disappointment, Bonnie."
Bonnie chuckled and said, "Stop being so dramatic. The assembly starts in ten minutes. You'll know soon enough. What's the rush?"
Avril thought about it and realized Bonnie had a point. Moreover, the former guessed Bonnie kept it a secret to create suspense.
'She's most likely planning to reveal her identity as a surprise.'
With that in mind, Avril's anticipation grew. She clung to Bonnie's arm and said, "Since you put it that way, I'll wait. I hope I don't get disappointed."
Bonnie smirked mysteriously. "All right, all right. Just wait, okay?"
Soon after, the school broadcast began, "The university president's speech will commence in ten minutes. All students, please proceed to the auditorium in an orderly fashion."
The broadcaster repeated the announcement while the students filled out and headed toward the auditorium. They continued excitedly discussing the president as they walked, eager to see what she looked like.
Bonnie turned to Avril and said, "You go ahead. I won't be coming with you."
The latter knew Bonnie needed to prepare her speech and simply waved. "All right, I'm off then."
Bonnie nodded. "See you later."
She remained seated until most of the students left. Then, she leisurely headed toward her office.
Frankie was about to leave for the auditorium after using the restroom when he noticed Bonnie heading in the other direction. He saw how relaxed she was and assumed she wanted to skip out on the assembly to have fun instead.
'Skipping something important like the president's speech is a blatant disregard for school rules! I must warn her to ensure she understands how severe the situation is.'
###Chapter 817
Frankie strode toward Bonnie and yelled, "Hey, where are you going?!"
Bonnie stopped and turned to look at him indifferently. "What? Do you need something?" Frankie repeated, "I asked you where you were going."
His interrogative tone made her raise her brow and scoff. "Why do you care where I go?"
"You're right. I shouldn't care, but didn't you hear the announcement? The new university president is about to make her speech, yet you're wandering off instead of heading to the auditorium.
"I bet you're planning to skip out and laze around again. You're disregarding school rules and the new president by doing that! I wonder how the president would react if she found out there's a student like you in this university. Hmm, she might even expel you."
Bonnie crossed her arms and rolled her eyes, saying, "You do have a s*** loose."
Frankie sneered. "You better hope I don't catch you misbehaving because I won't let you off."
'I'll report her immediately for disobeying school rules and skipping out on the president's speech!'
Bonnie scoffed. "Even if I misbehaved, can you catch me with your lack of IQ? Don't try to gain an advantage only to end up worse off and regret it later."
Frankie frowned. "We'll see who ends up feeling regretful. I guarantee you'll regret saying that to me."
Bonnie shrugged. "Oh, then I'll be waiting."
"Keep that up, Bonnie!" Frankie snapped and glared at Bonnie before storming off in a huff.
"What a nutjob," Bonnie muttered, then headed to her office. As she was about to change, she heard someone knocking on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
Bonnie said, "Come in."
Reece entered with a smile, saying, "Ms. Bonnie, I know you're probably busy and haven't had the time to prepare your speech, so I took the liberty to prepare a draft for you. You can use it for your speech." His attitude toward Bonnie had exponentially changed since he discovered she was Ms. Bonita. Bonnie did not expect Reece to be so considerate. She glanced at him and took the draft. "Thanks."
"It's my job to make your work lighter, Ms. Bonnie. You don't need to thank me," Reece said with a hint of pride in his eyes, feeling honored to serve her.
Bonnie observed his expression and chuckled. Then she shook her head and read through the draft. Soon after, she returned it to Reece and said, "Here you go."
###Chapter 818
Reece was puzzled, asking, "Don't you need it, Ms. Bonnie?"
His brows furrowed as he thought, 'She accepted the draft, which shows she approved my efforts. Why did she return it? Was it too boring for her?'
As Reece was about to suggest preparing a new draft, Bonnie said, "It's not that I don't need it. I've already memorized it. I can deliver the speech without looking at it."
Reece's eyes widened in shock. "You memorized all that in less than a minute?!"
'Ms. Bonnie is extraordinary! She has exceptional talent in scientific research, and her memory is astonishing! It's awe-inspiring.'
"Yeah, is there a problem?" Bonnie had known she could speed-read since childhood. It also served her well and helped her succeed in various fields.
"Th-there's no problem at all, Ms. Bonnie! I just hope to be as amazing as you one day." Reece's initial shock turned into profound admiration. He gazed at Bonnie brightly as if he were a fan of hers.
Bonnie smiled helplessly. "It's an innate ability. Unfortunately, it isn't something you can achieve through hard work. Still, you're impressive enough. You don't have to compare yourself to me."
"Y-You think I'm impressive?" Reece's excitement was evident, and he was thrilled. Receiving Bonnie's recognition was a dream come true for him. It meant he did well and resolved to work even harder to support Bonnie in managing the school.
"Of course. You stand out among your peers," Bonnie's words were sincere.
The professors at the prestigious university were the best of the best, but Reece excelled among them.
He was so excited by Bonnie's praise that he felt like dancing. However, he restrained himself, knowing such behavior was inappropriate. Instead, he saved his excitement for later and planned to boast about it to his colleagues.
Bonnie checked her watch and realized it was almost time for her speech. She looked at Reece and said, "Time's running out. Let's head to the auditorium."
She expected Reece to follow, but when she reached the stairway, she heard no footsteps behind her. She stopped and turned to look at him.
###Chapter 819
Bonnie saw him standing in a stupor and grinning. She yelled for him, "Professor Reece! Are you coming?"
Her voice snapped him out of his thoughts. He jogged over and apologized, "I'm sorry, Ms. Bonnie. I was a little distracted. Thanks for waiting."
"No problem," Bonnie replied casually and continued descending the stairs. "Let's head to the auditorium. We're running late."
"Right!" Reece nodded and hastened to keep up with her.
Meanwhile, Avril chatted with her classmates about the new university president. The students were curious, craning their necks to look at the backstage entrance.
"Why isn't the president here yet? I can't wait to see what she looks like. Is she as young as the rumors say?"
Avril thought of Bonnie and blurted out, "She's young and competent."
Before her classmates could ask her anything, Frankie mocked, "You sound like you know the new president. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Hanging around with someone like Bonnie has turned you into a poser like her."
Avril crossed her arms and chuckled. "If anyone here's a poser, it's you. Don't act like you know everything when you know nothing. What happens when you do? Bonnie crushes you. What else are you good for besides spewing nonsense?"
"Why, you " Frankie was furious but unable to retort. His heart pounded as he glared at Avril.
"What, cat got your tongue, Frankie? Shut up if you have nothing worthwhile to say," Avril snapped and sat down, deciding to ignore Frankie.
'His smugness won't last long. His attitude will change once Bonnie makes her speech as the new university president.'
Frankie was seething but was powerless against Avril. He could only fume in his seat and wonder when he could have the upper hand against her and Bonnie. The two girls constantly outdoing him had severely damaged his pride.
Meanwhile, Trina sat in the corner and eagerly awaited the president's appearance. She hoped to make a good impression and establish a connection with her, which might lead to a recommendation to join Bonita Research Institute.
If Trina could do that, she could bring pride to her family and secure her status at the university and within her family. She was determined to seize such an opportunity.
As she mulled over these ideas, the new president finally appeared and grabbed everyone's attention. It seemed a group of professors had surrounded her.
###Chapter 820
Bonnie's presence was undeniably commanding. However, the disappointing aspect was that she had hidden her face by wearing a mask and sunglasses.
The crowd sighed as they murmured amongst each other.
Bonnie watched the students' reactions and tapped the microphone to check if it worked. Then, she began her speech, "Hello, everyone, I'm Ms. Jody, your new university president. I will listen to and adopt your suggestions to address the school's shortcomings.
"I hope everyone follows the rules and regulations to maintain a pure and clean learning environment."
Her voice was steady yet gentle, inspiring trust and confidence. The previously lively auditorium gradually quieted down, and everyone listened to what Bonnie had to say.
She glanced down at the crowd as she spoke. Although most faces below were a blur, she also saw many familiar students. She hoped no one would recognize her to save her from needless hassle. Bonnie felt it was best to preserve the mystery of her identity.
Trina watched from the corner as Bonnie moved, hoping to see the latter's face.
'She sounds highly familiar. Almost like...'
Bonnie's faint smile flashed in Trina's mind. The latter shook her head vigorously, trying to dispel that thought.
'What's happening? Everyone seems to resemble Bonnie now. I must be losing my mind. I even suspected Bonnie was Mr. Ivor's recently announced fiancee. Why am I seeing her in everyone?
'No, it must be the trauma from all the times Bonnie outshined me. That must be why I'm imagining her as everyone I see. I even hear her voice everywhere. She's terrifying.'
Trina knew she had to stay away from Bonnie to avoid further psychological trauma.
On the other hand, Avril silently criticized Bonnie for wearing sunglasses and a mask.
'Sigh, I knew it. I shouldn't have hoped for Bonnie to reveal herself. Then again, it makes sense. She has always been discreet. If she showed her face, countless students and professors would fawn over her, leaving her with no time to do anything else.'
With that in mind, Avril came to terms with Bonnie's approach.
###Chapter 821
'Indeed, not revealing her true face was the wisest choice.'
While Avril was pondering this, Bonnie had already finished her speech. The auditorium erupted in applause.
Clap, clap, clap!
Everyone was satisfied with Bonnie's speech. As the applause ended, Bonnie added, "That concludes today's speech. If there's nothing else, you may—"
Before she could finish, a student in the audience raised his hand and called out loudly, "Ms. Jody, I have something to say!"
'Wasn't that Frankie's voice? What trouble is he stirring up now?'
Bonnie's eyebrows furrowed as she looked toward the source of the voice, accurately pinpointing Frankie.
"What's the matter?"
Frankie glanced around to ensure Bonnie wasn't present. Then he puffed out his chest and said, "Ms. Jody, a student in our class named Bonnie ran off instead of attending your speech.
"It's a blatant disregard for school rules and a lack of respect for you. She should be punished, or she will continue to behave poorly!"
Avril looked at Frankie condescendingly.
'I've seen people digging their own graves, but never to this extent. The person he's accusing is standing before him. I can't believe he's that idiotic!'
However, Frankie was oblivious. He was convinced the new president would punish Bonnie. He felt triumphant and smug, eagerly anticipating the president's response.
Frankie believed the president would want to make an example out of Bonnie to establish authority. That was why he complained just as she was about to leave. The more he thought about it, the wiser he felt. Standing next to Bonnie on stage was Professor Corbin, Frankie's father. Upon Hearing his son's words, Corbin was livid. He glared at his son, signaling him to stop his foolishness.
However, Frankie was too focused on imagining Bonnie's punishment to notice his father's gaze.
'That little brat!'
Corbin wished to rush over and strangle his unworthy son. However, he couldn't do that. He could only glare at Frankie disappointedly.
Corbin looked around and noticed the other professors glaring at him, which only fueled his anger. His eyes turned even more menacing, and he cursed Frankie inwardly.
'I'll deal with him at home!'
After all, it was inappropriate to interrupt the president's speech and demand punishment for a fellow student, even if Frankie didn't know Bonnie's identity as the new principal and Ms. Bonita. 'Such behavior is utterly unacceptable!'
The more Professor Corbin thought about it, the angrier he became. He clutched his chest and sneered.
'How did a man of honor like me raise such a reckless son? Recklessness is one thing, but dragging me down with him is another! It's beyond frustrating!'
###Chapter 822
Bonnie looked at Frankie with a hint of sarcasm and a faint smile, asking, "Is that so?"
Frankie nodded vigorously. "Yes, Ms. Jody! I saw her walking in the opposite direction of the auditorium and haven't seen her since. That means she never intended to come. In my opinion, someone who disrespects the school rules should-"
Before he could finish, Bonnie interrupted, "I told her to do something for me. That's why she couldn't make it."
'What? Ms. Jody told Bonnie to do something?'
Frankie's eyes widened in disbelief, even doubting his hearing.
'Ms. Jody has the most authority in the school, and Bonnie is truant. She's not qualified to get assigned personal tasks by the president. Ms. Jody couldn't have been here for long, yet Bonnie has already established a good relationship with her. How?!'
Frankie felt like a clown when he recalled ratting Bonnie out to the new president. He looked around and saw his classmates looking at him condescendingly. Suddenly, he blushed. He was so embarrassed that he wished to hide in a hole.
Bonnie noticed Frankie's expression and spoke into the microphone again, "Do you have any other questions?"
Frankie was stunned before returning to his senses and shaking his head. "N-No, Ms. Jody."
"Since there are no other questions, you may sit down."
"Yes, ma'am."
After Frankie sat down, Bonnie's voice sounded again, "We are all students of the same school. Instead of sabotaging each other, we should work together. Be kind and assist each other when we are in need.' She glanced at Frankie and added, "I'm highly dissatisfied with that student's behavior. I hope I don't hear such things again in the future. Can you all do that for me?'
The crowd responded in unison, "Yes, Ms. Jody!"
Frankie felt like he wanted to die.
Bonnie nodded in satisfaction. "Very well, that's all today. You may leave in an orderly fashion."
She then turned and left. Soon after, the crowd discussed mockingly while pointing at Frankie.
"Although Bonnie often skips class, she has never snitched. He did it in front of the president, no less. That guy is so malicious."
"Anyone who's his friend is unlucky. They never know when he might snitch on them to the president or a professor."
"You're right. That guy's such a bad egg. It's better to stay away from him, or he'll trap you."
Each person passing Frankie showed disdain. They even tried to avoid him like the plague.
###Chapter 823
Frankie watched this scene with clenched fists. His face alternated between pale and flushed, looking awful.
After standing still for a few seconds in a daze, he couldn't bear the disdainful glances from everyone. He quickly raised his hand to cover his face and hurriedly left.
Watching his disheveled figure running away, Avril tilted her head back and revealed a delighted smile.
"Hahaha! serves him right!"
This outcome was genuinely satisfying and delightful! So delightful!
After the meeting, Bonnie exited the school and saw the limited edition Maybach parked by the roadside.
She lightly curved her lips, wearing a smile as she walked over.
The car window rolled down as she got closer, revealing the man's well-defined face.
"You were waiting here on purpose? How did you know I would leave the school at this time?"
"I guessed." Ivor smiled in response.
Bonnie opened the car door and got in. Upon hearing his answer, she rolled her eyes speechlessly.
"Do you think I would believe your nonsense?"
With a smile, Ivor looked at her and reached out his hand to naturally hold hers.
"Well, what do you think? How did I know?"
Bonnie pondered for two seconds, and a familiar figure instantly appeared in her mind.
"Did Avril tell you?"
Ivor didn't respond, but his eyebrows slightly raised, indicating neither confirmation nor denial of this answer.
Bonnie immediately understood his meaning and felt even more speechless in her heart.
"Avril, such a big mouth." Although she said this, it was just a simple complaint, without any real intention of blaming Avril.
Whenever something happened to her at school, Avril would be eager to spill all the details to Ivor as long as he asked.
"She just wants the best for us, hoping we'll be better together, so she tells me these things. There's no other meaning to it, don't feel uncomfortable because of it, or else I'd be at fault." Ivor's actions were simply to understand Bonnie's situation at school, hoping she wouldn't overthink.
Bonnie glanced at him indifferently. "Do I seem so petty?"
"Of course not. My honey is so beautiful and kind-hearted, how could she be petty?" Ivor's gaze never left Bonnie's body, as if he couldn't get enough of looking at her.
Bonnie glared at him reproachfully. "Haven't you had enough? Always saying those things I can't stand hearing."
At his words, Ivor earnestly nodded.
"What would you like to hear then? I'll say more of what you love to hear."
"I don't want to hear anything. I just hope you can shut up, okay?" Bonnie finished with a tired laugh, then closed her eyes and leaned back in her seat to rest.
She wasn't drained. However, Ivor wouldn't stop whenever he started talking nonsense, and she just wanted a moment of peace. If he kept talking like this, who knew when he would stop?
Ivor fell silent instantly, not wishing to wake up Bonnie, who appeared to be ready for a nap. For a moment, the car fell into a brief silence. After some time, Bonnie opened her eyes. She wanted to nap but fell into a deep sleep instead.
When Ivor noticed Bonnie opening her eyes, he asked, "Have you rested enough? Can I talk now?"
###Chapter 824
Bonnie lazily yawned and found a comfortable position leaning against Ivor's chest. "You can speak now."
Ivor gently twirled her hair, saying, "I heard that the new president of Pyralis University made a speech today. Did you see her? What kind of person is she?"
Bonnie glanced at him, then raised her delicately arched eyebrows, her tone tinged with a hint of teasing.
"You're still as interested in this president as ever."
Ivor nodded, openly admitting his thoughts.
"Of course, she's the president of Pyralis University. Building a good relationship with her would greatly benefit my family's future development."
Bonnie shook her head and commented, "You're greedy. You partnered with my research institute and dismantled the Gemedia Group. Now your family's position in Pyralis is as stable as Mount Everest. It's better to develop steadily, yet you want to reach the sky in one step?"
"You're right. I am greedy enough to turn everything of yours to mine, including your hair," Ivor said, picking up a strand of Bonnie's hair that fell on her cheek and sniffing it lightly.
He was so cheesy that it made Bonnie's skin crawl. She pushed Ivor's away and said, "Stop it. Stay away from me, or I'll punch you!"
"Honey, what did I do wrong? Why do you want to hit me?" Ivor pretended to look pitifully at Bonnie.
Bonnie's twitched helplessly. "That's enough. Don't act anymore, or it'll be overplayed."
Ivor blinked his ink-black eyes slowly.
"But Honey, I'm not acting. These are all from the bottom of my heart—"
Before he finished speaking, Bonnie quickly reached out to cover his mouth and gave him a warning glare with her eyes. "Stop talking."
Upon seeing this, Ivor smiled, and a hint of laughter escaped his throat. "Okay, okay, I won't say anything. Don't be angry."
He was just deliberately teasing the girl. Seeing that she was getting angry, he had to stop, lest he angered her, which would be more harm than good.
"So you're afraid that I'll get angry? I thought you weren't afraid of anything." Bonnie gave him a sidelong glance and withdrew her hand from his mouth.
"Of course, I'm afraid. What if you get angry and ignore me?" Ivor put his arm around Bonnie's shoulder, letting her lean on him.
"Come to my place tonight, don't go to Verdant Valley Retreat."
Bonnie looked at him strangely. "You want me to go to your place? What are your intentions?"
Ivor felt a little helpless at her words. "I just want you to accompany me. What bad idea could there be? Don't you trust in me?"
"I don't know you yet. You're not honest at all." Bonnie let out a soft hum. "I can't go to your place. I have some experimental issues to discuss with them tonight, and all the materials are at Verdant Valley Retreat. We'll talk about it later."
A trace of disappointment flickered in Ivor's eyes, but Bonnie's experiment was more important, so he didn't say much.
"Okay, you handle your business first. We'll talk about going to my place when you're free."
Bonnie responded faintly, "Hmm."
Ivor was finishing up with the documents as night fell, and as he sat back in his chair, Bonnie's figure suddenly appeared in his mind, lingering no matter how hard he tried to shake it off.
###Chapter 825
For some reason, Ivor's desire to see Bonnie tonight was powerful. It felt like he could not sleep without seeing her tonight. Ivor rubbed his temples and sighed softly, then called for Floyd. Floyd quickly appeared in the study. "Mr. Ivor, what's up?" Ivor pressed his s***, thin lips together and stared at him for a moment before finally making up his mind.
"Let's go to the underground garage."
"Huh?" Floyd scratched the back of his head in confusion.
"Mr. Ivor, it's late at night. Why are we going to the underground garage?"
"We're going to find my Honey." Ivor stood up, picked up his coat, and headed out.
Floyd was taken aback, his eyes widening even more. "But it's so late now. If we go over at this hour, won't we disturb Ms. Bonnie's rest?"
Upon hearing this, Ivor stopped and gave him a sidelong glance. "Can you stop spouting nonsense?"
"All right, Mr. Ivor." Floyd immediately made a gesture of zipping his lips.
Ivor withdrew his gaze from Floyd and strode out. Floyd wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and quickly followed.
When they had driven a short distance after getting into the car, lightning and thunder suddenly lit up the sky, and it began to shower heavily. Floyd slowed down and glanced at Ivor. "Mr. Ivor, the rain is too heavy. Why don't we head back and visit the Ms. Bonnie tomorrow?"
"We're not going back. Just drive slower." Ivor had come with the explicit intention of seeing Bonnie. Now that they were already halfway there, how could he turn back? Floyd didn't say anything more, "Understood, Mr. Ivor."
An hour later, the limited edition Maybach slowly pulled up at the entrance of Verdant Valley Retreat. Before exiting the car, Ivor took an umbrella and turned to Floyd. "Wait here for me. I'll take a quick look at Honey, and then we'll leave."
"Alright." Floyd didn't quite understand Ivor's actions and was greatly shocked. He remembered that Ivor and Bonnie had met not long ago.
However, Ivor was braving a heavy rainstorm just to see her. There were no words to describe it. All he could say was that Ivor was astonishing regarding love.
Bonnie had just finished her shower and was about to read before bed. Suddenly, the doorbell rang.
Ding dong!
She frowned, wondering who would ring her doorbell so late at night. She then pulled up the surveillance feed on her phone to see who it was. When the footage appeared, she saw Ivor standing at her door. Bonnie grabbed her phone and ran downstairs to open the door. When their eyes met, she felt an indescribable emotion.
###Chapter 826
"Honey..."
Ivor stared deeply at Bonnie, desiring to incorporate her into his very being. Bonnie's heart fluttered under his gaze, her cheeks reddening slightly as she averted her eyes.
Bonnie's heartstrings were tugged as she noticed that although Ivor was holding an umbrella, the heavy rain had soaked his shoulders and hair, making him look like a drenched puppy. Her voice softened considerably. "Come inside. Don't stand in the rain."
"Okay." Ivor's response was filled with evident joy and excitement, showing how much it meant to him to be invited into her home late at night.
Bonnie smiled at his expression, though she didn't say anything. She handed him a dry towel. "Dry off quickly so you don't catch a cold."
"This wouldn't have happened if you'd given me a key when I asked. If you'd agreed, I wouldn't have had to ring the doorbell and wait for you to come down."
After considering his words, Bonnie took a key from a drawer. Ivor's excitement was palpable. "Does this mean I can move in and live with you?"
Bonnie was speechless. "You're thinking too far ahead! I'm only giving you the key because you never play by the rules. It's just for emergencies. I won't live with you before marriage, so forget about moving in."
Seeing her stubborn attitude, Ivor asked in the puzzle, "Why not?"
Bonnie smiled at him. "Haven't you heard the saying, 'distance makes the heart grow fonder?""
"But our relationship is already strong. Distance doesn't apply to us." Ivor took her hand.
"Honey, let me live with you. Or you could move in with me. I could take care of you when you're busy."
"No!" Bonnie refused immediately. "No cohabitation before marriage. That's my bottom line. Don't ask again; I won't agree."
Though slightly disappointed, Ivor knew Bonnie was principled and wouldn't change her mind easily, so he didn't press further. "Alright, whatever makes you happy."
"Go take a hot shower. Don't catch a cold." Bonnie instructed.
"Okay." Ivor's heart warmed at her concern.
Bonnie shook her head at his beaming smile and went to the bathroom to start the hot water. When it was ready, she called out, "The water's ready. Come in."
"Coming." Ivor started unbuttoning his shirt as he walked in but suddenly stopped. "I don't have any clothes to change into. What should I wear after my shower?" Pausing dramatically, he continued, "Unless you don't mind me going without. I could wait until my clothes dry tomorrow."
Bonnie saw through his playful attempt to tempt her and chuckled.
Unfazed, she dashed his hopes with a dose of cold reality. "I'll find you something to wear."
###Chapter 827
"That's not something you need to worry about," Bonnie said.
"I've developed a high-efficiency washer-dryer that takes less than 10 minutes to wash and dry clothes. Your clothes will be dry by the time you're done with your shower, so you don't have to worry about that."
A hint of disappointment flashed in Ivor's eyes. He had hoped to use this as an opportunity to get closer to Bonnie, but it seemed his plan was thwarted.
Bonnie noticed his subtle expressions but chose not to call him out. Instead, she said, "Hurry up and take off your clothes. I'll wash them for you."
Ivor raised an eyebrow and gave a suggestive smile. "Do you want me to take them off right in front of you, or "
Before he could finish, Bonnie pushed him into the bathroom and closed the door behind him. "If you don't want to catch a cold, hurry up and shower. No more talking."
Ivor chuckled softly and responded warmly, "Alright."
10 minutes later, Bonnie hung the freshly dried clothes on the bathroom door and called out, "I've made some supper and tea. Once you're dressed, come to the dining room." Ivor's voice quickly came from inside. "Got it."
After dressing, Ivor went to the dining room and saw baked chicken and tea on the table. A wave of warmth filled his heart, and he quickened his pace toward the table. As he walked, he said, "My honey always takes care of me. It was worth the trip."
Upon hearing this, Bonnie looked at him with a hint of suspicion. "By the way, I almost forgot to ask. Why did you come here so late? Is there something important you need to tell me?"
Ivor's grip on his fork tightened slightly. "No."
This response only made Bonnie more puzzled. "Then what is it?"
"I just wanted to see you," Ivor said, his eyes filling with tenderness as he looked at her.
Bonnie bit her lip, a complex mix of emotions rising within her. "Are you crazy? Can't you see it's pouring outside? Couldn't you wait until tomorrow to see me? Why did you have to come tonight? Do you want to make yourself sick?"
Ivor knew she was only saying this out of concern for him. His heart softened, and the tenderness in his eyes overflowed. "I wanted to see you, so I came. As long as I can see you, I don't fear the wind or the rain."
Bonnie felt her heart race uncontrollably. The sound of her heartbeat filled her ears, drowning out everything else. She could see nothing but the man before her.
After staring at him for a long time and feeling her intense emotions slowly subside, she finally spoke. "A-Are you crazy? Is it worth it to put yourself through this just to see me?"
###Chapter 828
"As long as I can see you, it's worth it," Ivor said, his tone calm and devoid of his usual playful teasing.
Bonnie could sense his seriousness and earnestness. Though Ivor often joked around, his current demeanor deeply touched Bonnie's heart.
Feeling an impulse, she stood up and gently kissed his handsome face. This was something she rarely did, and a blush spread across her cheeks.
"Consider that kiss a small comfort for coming to see me in the rain, but don't do this again. If you get sick, I won't take care of you."
Ivor was still absorbed in the joy of Bonnie's unexpected kiss. He touched the spot where she kissed him, his smile growing wider, unable to contain his happiness.
Seeing his overly pleased expression, Bonnie sighed and regretted kissing him.
"Did you hear what I said? Don't do this again."
Ivor finally came to his senses. He looked at Bonnie and nodded with a light smile. "Got it."
Just as Bonnie was about to speak, Ivor continued, "Honey, can I stay here tonight?"
He held up a hand in a promise as he spoke. "I swear I'll behave and not cross any boundaries."
Bonnie didn't respond immediately but quietly observed him. Just when Ivor thought she would disagree, she spoke.
"You can stay for the night, but you have to sleep in the guest room."
Ivor was already thrilled by the unexpected kiss from Bonnie tonight. Knowing her usual boundaries, this was a significant concession. If he insisted on sharing a room, she might get angry and kick him out. 'Relationships need to progress gradually, not rushed.'
With these thoughts, Ivor nodded. "Sure, no problem. I'll sleep in the guest room."
"Alright, then get ready for bed. I'm tired and want to sleep," Bonnie said, yawning lazily with a hint of weariness in her eyes.
Seeing her exhaustion, Ivor said, "If you're tired, go rest. I know where the guest room is. I'll head there after I finish eating."
Bonnie was too tired to insist on staying with him. "Okay, take your time eating. I'm going to sleep."
"Goodnight," Ivor replied.
###Chapter 829
Ivor watched Bonnie leave.
He then looked down at the food she had cooked and the tea she had prepared. His eyes filled with sudden happiness. Although Bonnie often teased him, she cared deeply for him. When Bonnie woke up the next day, Ivor had already left.
On the dining table, she found several of her favorite breakfast items and a note that read, "Honey, I had to leave early for a meeting at the company. I've made breakfast for you and left it on the table. Remember to eat."
Bonnie smiled, seeing this. This man was as considerate as ever, always attending to every detail for her.
After finishing breakfast, Bonnie left Verdant Valley Retreat and headed to campus. As soon as she walked into the classroom, she heard her classmates excitedly discussing an upcoming student. "Did you hear? The new student coming to our university is from Zudale, and he's super handsome!"
"Really? More handsome than Keenan? Speaking of Keenan, what a pity that such a good-looking guy left so suddenly."
"Of course it's true! Have you ever known me to spread false information?"
"It's not such a loss that Keenan left. He used to follow Bonnie around all the time, so we never got a chance to talk to him. And it wasn't just Keenan; our campus's top two heartthrobs were always around Bonnie. She just has a pretty face. What's so special about her?"
"Exactly! I don't get why all the handsome guys flock to her. We're not that bad either."
"Let's just hope this new guy from Zudale doesn't get bewitched by Bonnie's looks. Then we might get a chance to get close to him."
"No way. It can't always go her way. This new guy will be ours for sure!"
Bonnie twitched her lips helplessly. Sometimes, she wished those guys wouldn't stick around her so much. It made her a target of jealousy and brought endless trouble.
Suddenly, she remembered a message from Andreas. Could this new student from Zudale be Andreas? No, it couldn't be. He was a prince with countless duties every day. He wouldn't have the time to come here as a university student.
Avril noticed Bonnie's silence and thought she might be upset. She spoke up to comfort her, "Bonnie, they're just jealous of you for attracting so many handsome guys. Don't let what they say bother you." Bonnie snapped out of her thoughts, and replied with a smile, "I'm not that petty. They can say whatever they want. It won't hurt me. Let them be."
Avril shrugged, "True, they are just envious and spiteful. You're used to people being jealous of you. I don't know why I thought you'd care about their words. I must have been out of my mind." Bonnie just smiled in response and didn't say more.
The professor walked in with his lesson plan. He announced, "I believe everyone is aware that we have a new exchange student joining us. He is waiting in the corridor. Let's give a warm round of applause to welcome Andreas!"
The class erupted in applause as Andreas entered the room.
###Chapter 830
Bonnie froze in place. Her eyes flashed with surprise and disbelief. 'Could it be Andreas wasn't joking when he said he was coming to see me? Did he really come?' Her classmates craned their necks, eager to glimpse the new student. Avril was also curious. She muttered, "I want to see if this student is as handsome as they say."
As everyone waited expectantly, a tall figure slowly appeared in the hallway. Andreas had golden hair and deeply defined features. Although he was dressed simply in a white shirt and suit pants, he looked unrealistically handsome.
The female students screamed in excitement, gazing at Andreas with infatuated expressions. They immediately began to discuss him enthusiastically.
"Oh my gosh! This transfer student is so handsome! He's like, otherworldly handsome!"
"Yeah, I can't believe someone can look this perfect. Is he even real?"
"Did you see that? He just smiled at us, and I felt like I was floating."
Amidst the vibrant discussion, Andreas stood at the front and introduced himself.
"Hello, everyone, I'm Andreas. I'm from Zudale University. It's an honor to be here at Pyralis as an exchange student. I hope we can all get along well during my stay."
His clear and pleasant voice caused an even bigger stir among the students.
"Oh my gosh, not only is he handsome, but his voice is also amazing. How are we supposed to handle this?"
"Yeah, he's stunning. I thought Keenan was handsome, but this guy is on another level."
"He's so handsome. I need to take his picture and use it as my wallpaper. I'll never get tired of looking at him."
"Forget that! I'm going to ask him to be my deskmate. The seat next to me is empty, and if he agrees, I'll be the happiest person alive!"
"That's a great idea! You should ask him and let us enjoy the benefits, too."
"Okay, you guys watch. I won't chicken out."
Their conversations all reached Bonnie's ears. She smiled wryly and thought, 'Andreas, you are a troublemaker, charming everyone right from the start.'
While she was lost in thought, Avril turned to her and asked, "Bonnie, what do you think of the new student? Handsome, right?"
Bonnie gave a measured response, "He's alright."
Though Andreas was handsome, he still couldn't compare to Ivor in her eyes. Perhaps it was because she saw Ivor through the lens of love, making him the most handsome man in the world to her.
"What? With such stunning looks, did you just say 'alright?"" Avril was shocked, but then she thought of Ivor and understood. "I see, compared to Ivor, it makes sense. But Andreas and Ivor are two different types.
"Andreas is like a charming young prince, while Ivor has a powerful presence. Comparing them like this, Andreas does seem a bit overshadowed."
Bonnie smiled helplessly at Avril's assessment. "Your comparison is quite apt."
###Chapter 831
"That's right. I'm telling you, these are trendy internet terms-" Avril was just about to pull Bonnie into a discussion about these exciting things when a pleasant voice interrupted her. "Excuse me, could you switch seats? I want to sit next to Bonnie."
"Huh?" Avril was utterly shocked.
Seeing that Avril hadn't responded, Andreas said, "Is that okay?"
Avril looked at Andreas and then at Bonnie. Since Bonnie didn't react, Avril slowly stood up and silently vacated the seat.
"Thank you. Thank you so much." Andreas smiled warmly in gratitude and immediately sat next to Bonnie.
Avril's mouth twitched helplessly.
"You're welcome."
She found an empty seat behind Bonnie, rested her chin in her hand, and curiously watched the interaction between Bonnie and Andreas. She wondered if Andreas was yet another bodyguard sent to protect Bonnie.
'If he was indeed a bodyguard, the quality of bodyguards from the military is outstanding. Each one is more handsome than the last.
'If only I could be as impressive as Bonnie. Then I could enjoy the same treatment.
'Of course, that's impossible. But at least I can bask in the presence of handsome men, haha...'
The girls at the neighboring table, who had hoped to have Andreas as their deskmate, saw him sitting next to Bonnie just like Keenan had before. Their eyes were filled with resentment and jealousy. "Why is it her again? What kind of magic does she have that attracts so many handsome guys?"
"Keenan was bad enough, but now this perfect guy is also drawn to her!"
"Why does she get all the good things? It's like she was a player in her past life, making all the handsome guys circle her."
The classmates were having an intense discussion, occasionally pointing in Bonnie's direction.
Amid this storm, Bonnie remained unaffected. She looked at Andreas, who was gazing at her expectantly and felt a slight headache. She pressed her temples and sighed. "Andreas, why are you here?"
Upon hearing this, Andreas's beautiful eyes showed a hint of disappointment.
"Didn't I tell you in my last message that I was coming to see you? I didn't expect you to take my words so lightly."
As he spoke, he carefully observed Bonnie's expression. Whatever he thought, his gaze grew even dimmer.
"And you don't look surprised or happy seeing me. Do you not want me to come see you?"
His eyes darkened, and his tone was filled with deep disappointment. He looked almost heartbroken.
###Chapter 832
Bonnie felt her headache worsen seeing this. She rubbed her temples again, took a moment to calm herself, and then spoke. "I know you said you were coming to visit, but didn't you say it was just for fun? Why are you here as an exchange student?"
"I know you're busy, and if we were outside, who knows when you'd find the time to hang out with me? So, I chose the university so we could spend time together daily. Aren't I thoughtful?" Andreas tilted his chin, looking like he was waiting for Bonnie to praise him.
Bonnie's mouth twitched slightly. "Isn't life in Zudale good for you? Why do you have to come here to find me? And haven't you been to Pyralis before? There's nothing that interesting here."
"You're pretending to be clueless on purpose," Andreas said, feeling aggrieved. "I'm not here for fun or sightseeing. I'm here to take you back to be my princess. Otherwise, who knows how long I'd have to wait?"
Bonnie's eye twitched, and even her mouth followed suit. Just as she was about to speak, Avril's shocked voice interrupted.
"Princess?!"
Avril had purposely chosen to sit behind Bonnie to overhear their conversation.
Initially, their conversation confirmed that things were more complicated than they appeared, but she maintained her interest and continued to listen. However, the word "princess" made her blurt it out without realizing it.
Her outburst immediately drew the attention of their classmates, who turned their heads to look at Avril.
"What's going on? Why did Avril suddenly mention a princess? And her voice was so loud it scared me."
"Maybe she's been reading too many novels? Why else would she suddenly mention a princess out of nowhere?"
"Hey, you might be right. I think she's just over-immersed in her novels. Let's ignore her and continue gossiping about yesterday's news."
Avril wished she could find a hole to hide in out of embarrassment. She felt it was a major public humiliation. How could she not control her mouth? Would Bonnie be angry with her?
Avril glanced in Bonnie's direction. To her surprise, she met Bonnie's clear eyes. Feeling guilty, she shrank back and quickly made an apologetic gesture to Bonnie that she would never speak out again by covering her mouth.
Bonnie calmly looked away from Avril without saying anything further.
After class, Andreas looked for Bonnie on the university rooftop. He looked at Bonnie with hopeful eyes, wanting a definite answer from her.
"Bonnie, I came all this way to find you. When will you come back with me and be my princess?"
Bonnie's temples throbbed upon hearing this. "When did I ever say I would go back and be your princess?"
Andreas's eyes widened slightly, looking at Bonnie in disbelief.
"You promised me before! Are you trying to back out now? I don't care. I came all this way to find you. You have to give me an answer!"
Bonnie muttered helplessly, "I never said I would be your princess, okay?"
Her voice was too low, and Andreas couldn't hear her. He leaned in closer to listen.
"What did you say?"
###Chapter 833
Seeing Andreas's handsome face suddenly magnified before her, Bonnie quickly stepped back to maintain distance.
She could handle scientific research, business negotiations, or painting. She knew exactly what to do in those areas. However, she was clueless in this matter.
Her initial intention was never like this. Who knew Andreas would cling to this question and insist she agree?
Andreas frowned. He was about to speak when Avril, who had been standing nearby, suddenly intervened. "Andreas, I need to talk to Bonnie alone for a bit. Can you wait here?"
Though Andreas wanted to continue asking Bonnie about becoming his princess, he couldn't refuse her friend's request, so he agreed. "Alright, I'll wait here."
"Thanks," Avril said.
Avril pulled Bonnie aside, her curiosity burning intensely. "Bonnie, what's the deal with you and Andreas? What's this about being his princess? Are you playing some kind of role-playing game? Andreas can't be a prince, can he?"
Bonnie gave her a long look and sighed. "He is a prince."
"What?" Avril's eyes widened. "Really? I thought it was just a joke. How did you meet him? And why does he want you to be his princess?"
"It's a long story..." Bonnie massaged her temples while recalling her meeting with Andreas, feeling it was a fateful encounter.
Andreas had almost lost his life protecting her, even though the danger was meant for him. His sacrifice moved her deeply, but only as a friend. There were no romantic feelings.
"Tell me the whole story. I want to hear it," Avril said eagerly, sitting beside Bonnie.
Bonnie settled on a bench and replied lazily, "Alright, I'll tell you briefly."
Avril nodded enthusiastically. "Go ahead."
Bonnie came to Zudale to find a rare herb used as a medicinal ingredient three years ago. This herb thrived in tropical rainforests in a warm climate, which Zudale provided. After extensive research, Bonnie decided to visit Zudale.
On her first day, she encountered a major problem: All hotels and guesthouses were fully booked due to the peak tourist season. Buying a house required local residency and numerous documents.
Left with no choice, she continued searching on a motorcycle. After almost circling half of Zudale, she found a place that looked like a guesthouse.
Bonnie parked and inquired, "Hello, do you have any vacant rooms? I'd like to stay for half a month if you do."
###Chapter 834
The middle-aged man she asked seemed a bit hesitant. After a long pause, he finally said, "Miss, I'm sorry, but we—"
Bonnie thought she might have to leave empty-handed today. Just as she was about to turn around, a clear voice interrupted her. "There are still vacant rooms. Miss, you want to stay for half a month, right?" Following the voice, Bonnie saw a boy dressed in luxurious clothes. He had golden hair and blue eyes. His face was striking, exuding a glow that made him look like a prince straight out of a painting. This boy was none other than Andreas. This place marked her first encounter with him.
She looked at Andreas with an appreciative gaze for a few seconds before refocusing on discussing the price. "How much will staying here for half a month cost?"
Her immediate concern was securing accommodation. She would be sleeping on the streets by nightfall if she didn't solve it soon. Though she could handle herself well, safety was paramount in a foreign country, especially for a girl.
"How much?" Andreas had no concept of accommodation costs, so he turned to the person next to him and said, "You tell her, how much for half a month?"
He sneakily glanced at Bonnie while speaking. He could tell she was from Arvandor based on her appearance.
As a prince, he had once represented Zudale in cultural exchanges with Arvandor. During that time, he met many Pyralians, but none had the transcendent beauty that Bonnie possessed. He was immediately captivated by her, as though she were a lovely porcelain doll.
He had noticed Bonnie from upstairs and didn't want to miss the chance to meet her, so he quickly came down. Fortunately, she hadn't left yet and was still there.
The person Andreas had called upon thought for a moment before holding up several fingers. "It's over 700 Zuda per night. I wonder if you can accept that?"
Bonnie quickly did the math in her head. It roughly equated to around 100 dollars, similar to what other guesthouses had quoted her. This price seemed to be the standard rate in the area. Besides, the environment here was much better than elsewhere, making the price quite reasonable.
Thinking this, she looked around the place again and said, "Show me the room first. If I'm satisfied, I'll pay."
The person who mentioned the price did not reply immediately but looked at Andreas, seeking his opinion. Andreas immediately agreed.
"Of course, I'll show you the room. We clean daily here, and the sheets and bedding are all fresh and new. I guarantee you'll find it very comfortable."
"Alright," Bonnie responded calmly. "Let's take a look first."
After all, nothing could be more convincing than seeing it with her own eyes.
###Chapter 835
"No problem," Andreas said as he led Bonnie to the second floor, gesturing towards a row of rooms. "You can choose any of these rooms. Just pick one that you like."
Bonnie looked at the empty rooms before her, and her suspicion grew. "It's peak tourist season. Why do you have so many vacant rooms? It should be fully booked, given how nice this place is. Are you sure this is a guesthouse?"
Despite her doubts, Andreas didn't seem like a bad person. She wasn't sure what his intentions were for bringing her here.
Andreas had initially wanted to concoct a lie, but he found himself unable to do so when he met Bonnie's penetrating gaze. He decided to tell the truth.
"You're right. This place isn't a guesthouse. I saw you struggling to find a place to stay, and it reminded me of how many people helped me when I visited Arvandor. So, I wanted to return the favor and help you out. I didn't expect you to see through it so quickly."
"I see," Bonnie nodded, understanding the situation. She then looked at him closely. "So, who exactly are you?”
Andreas puffed out his chest proudly. "I am the prince of this country. So, you can come to me for help if you encounter any problems here. I can solve them for you."
"A prince?" Even someone as composed as Bonnie was slightly surprised. Who would have thought that in her search for a place to stay, she would accidentally run into the prince of the country? Her luck seemed almost too good to be true.
"Yeah, don't you believe me? How about I take you to the palace for a tour to prove my identity?" Andreas suggested and started to pull Bonnie along.
Bonnie quickly withdrew her hand from his grip and shook her head. "No need to prove it. Your extravagant attire alone convinces me you're a real prince."
Moreover, she noticed many valuable items in the hall when she entered earlier, and the luxurious decor of the rooms confirmed Andreas's claims.
"Good, I'm glad you believe me. So, feel free to stay here. It's completely safe. Let me know if you find anything unsatisfactory, and I'll fix it."
"Alright, thank you," Bonnie replied. She then remembered her original purpose and asked, "By the way, do you know where blue barberry grows? I came here specifically to find it."
Andreas thought for a moment and then nodded. "I do know, but it's located in a rather remote and dangerous area. Are you sure you want to go there?"
"Yes. Can you tell me the exact location? I'll set off first thing tomorrow morning and return once I've got the blue barberry." Bonnie had come all this way specifically for the blue barberry and was determined to retrieve it regardless of the dangers.
Andreas stared at her for a moment before making a decision. "It's not safe for you to go there alone. Stay here for a few days while I handle some matters. Then I'll take you there with my bodyguards." Bonnie thought it over. She was in a foreign place, and having Andreas accompany her with his bodyguards would significantly increase her safety and reduce the likelihood of getting lost.
She agreed. "Alright, thank you. After this is done, I will reward you as a token of my gratitude."
Even though Andreas probably lacked nothing as a prince, she still felt it was necessary to show her appreciation.
Andreas laughed at her offer. "I don't need any reward. Just consider me a friend."
###Chapter 836
Upon hearing this, Bonnie raised her delicately shaped eyebrows and asked. "Aren't we friends already?"
"Yes, we're friends now," Andreas replied, instantly beaming like a child who had just received candy. His smile was pure and radiant.
Bonnie also curled her lips into a small smile when she saw him so happy. She continued, "Didn't you say you had things to take care of? I'll be fine here by myself." Andreas glanced at his watch and realized he was running late. He looked back at Bonnie and said, "I have to go now, but I'll come back later to check on you." "Alright," Bonnie agreed.
After handling his affairs that evening, Andreas returned and brought a plethora of delicious food for Bonnie. They chatted and ate together, discussing various topics.
Bonnie stayed at Andreas's estate for three days. During her stay, their relationship grew much closer, losing the initial awkwardness of their first meeting. On the fourth day, Andreas arranged for bodyguards, and they set off to find the blue barberry.
Bonnie and Andreas traveled in the same car and passed the time by talking. Suddenly, Bonnie noticed something and furrowed her brow. "Andreas, do you see that? The car behind us seems to be following us. Is it one of your men?"
Following her gaze, Andreas looked back and saw the black car. He waved dismissively.
"That car isn't mine, but I doubt it's following us. The area we're heading to has a lot of rare herbs, not just blue barberry, so many people go there daily. They're probably just on the same route. Besides, who would dare to follow us with all our bodyguards?"
Bonnie glanced at the cars of bodyguards trailing them and then at the black car, which occasionally merged with the other vehicles, making it hard to distinguish. Despite Andreas's reassurances, she felt uneasy and decided to stay alert.
Andreas noticed her furrowed brows and tried to reassure her with a smile. "There's nothing to worry about. And even if something happens, I'll protect you and ensure you're safe."
"I'm not afraid," Bonnie replied, her tone exuding a natural confidence. "I just don't want anyone interfering with my plans." Her demeanor conveyed an unshakeable determination, indicating that no obstacle would deter her.
Andreas, having spent the past few days with Bonnie, had a sense that she was no ordinary person. Her mysterious aura fascinated him. "By the way, I forgot to ask earlier. What are you planning to do with the blue barberry? Though it's rare, if misused, it can be highly toxic. I'm curious about how you intend to use it."
"You're right," Bonnie acknowledged. "Blue barberry can indeed be toxic if misused. But I'm using it as a medicinal catalyst, combined with other herbs. It has various applications, such as beauty products, pharmaceuticals, and health supplements.
"Adding blue barberry enhances their effectiveness and safety. After extensive research, I discovered its potential and learned that it thrives in the climate here, so I came to find it."
As Bonnie spoke knowledgeably, Andreas's curiosity about her grew even more. "You're about the same age as me, yet you know so much. I'm curious about who you are and your position in Arvandor." Bonnie responded with a playful wink. "Guess."
Seeing that she wouldn't divulge more, Andreas didn't press the matter.
###Chapter 837
"Even if I wanted to guess, I wouldn't be able to. But I'm not in a rush. I'll naturally find out when the time comes, " Andreas said.
Bonnie didn't respond, merely shaking her head with a knowing smile.
The car stopped at the entrance of an ancient, dense forest two hours later. Bonnie got out and surveyed the surroundings, her eyebrows furrowing in worry as she remained motionless. When Andreas noticed her hesitancy, he stepped out of the car and inquired inquisitively, "Why aren't you moving?"
Bonnie pursed her red lips and said, with a hint of seriousness. "This forest feels too dangerous. It looks like wild beasts could appear at any moment. I'm debating whether we should go in." Although she had survival skills, she didn't want to risk venturing into an unknown and potentially dangerous place.
"I've been inside before. I know where the blue barberry is and where the safest paths are. Just follow me," Andreas assured her. Bonnie was momentarily taken aback, a flicker of doubt crossing her eyes. "What were you doing in such a dangerous place?" Andreas scratched the back of his head, a shadow briefly passing through his eyes as he recalled something.
"Once we reach adulthood, every royal family member is sent here for a trial. I had to try various methods and paths to survive, so I'm familiar with most of the terrain here. Trust me, you'll be safe if you follow me."
Bonnie was surprised. From her interactions with Andreas over the past few days, she had seen him as a simple, kind-hearted young prince raised in luxury. She hadn't expected him to have undergone such harsh trials.
Moreover, the fact that he survived in such a harsh environment made her see him in a new light.
Andreas was saddened by her silence and assumed she didn't trust him. He then asked, "You don't believe me, do you? I genuinely consider you a friend and wouldn't endanger you."
Bonnie walked over and patted his shoulder. "Stop overthinking. Did I ever say I didn't believe you?"
Andreas looked up quickly, his eyes regaining their shine. "You trust me?"
"Of course. I've let you handle everything so far, haven't I? How could I not trust you?" Bonnie replied with a smile. She then glanced at the forest shrouded in mist and deeply exhaled.
"Since you know the way, let's go. The sooner we get back, the better. It'll be harder to navigate in the dark, and staying there too long increases the risk."
Andreas's earlier gloom vanished, and he nodded eagerly. "Alright, let's head out right now."
As he spoke, he noticed the bodyguards trailing behind them and frowned. "Why are you following us? With too many people, it's harder to move around. Stay here and keep an eye out for any suspicious people trying to enter."
The bodyguards exchanged puzzled glances, unsure but obedient to Andreas's command.
###Chapter 838
The lead bodyguard stepped forward and said, "But Prince Andreas, the Queen specifically instructed us to ensure your safety. If it's just you and Ms. Bonnie going in, we won't be able to explain it to the Queen if something happens."
"I know this terrain well; nothing will happen," Andreas retorted, finding the bodyguards more of a hindrance than help.
They restricted his actions too much, so he didn't want them tagging along.
The lead bodyguard looked troubled. "But the Queen="
Andreas cut him off before he could finish. "The Queen, the Queen! Why do you keep mentioning her? Doesn't what I say count?"
The lead bodyguard immediately lowered his head, his voice becoming much quieter. "Prince Andreas, that's not what I meant."
"If not, then stay here and wait. Stop with the unnecessary talk." Andreas finished, then turned to Bonnie and said, "Let's go. Ignore them." "Alright," Bonnie replied, quickly following Andreas.
After walking for a while, Bonnie looked at Andreas and asked, "Is the Queen that the bodyguard mentioned your mother? But something about your tone seems off. Do you two not get along?" Andreas forced a bitter smile. "She's not my biological mother; she's my stepmother. And yes, we don't get along well. Half of the people here were sent by her. They say they're protecting me, but they're actually monitoring me..."
At this point, he didn't want to continue. "It's a long story, and I can't explain it all now. Right now, we need to find the blue barberry before sunset. I'll tell you more about it another time."
"You're right. Let's hurry and not waste any more time. Getting the blue barberry is our priority," Bonnie said. She quickened her pace and focused on the path ahead.
Her question was merely out of curiosity; she didn't expect Andreas to divulge all the details immediately.
"Yes," Andreas agreed and matched her pace.
After walking further, Andreas was panting heavily. "The blue barberry is just ahead."
Bonnie glanced at him with a slightly disdainful expression. "How long has it been since you last exercised? You're exhausted from just walking."
"It's not that I don't exercise! This path is just really long," Andreas replied, sneaking a glance at her. "I'm also puzzled how you can walk such a long way without getting winded. Aren't you tired at all?" Bonnie shrugged indifferently. "This distance is nothing. I've walked much farther before."
She often underwent high-intensity training and maintained her regimen to maintain her stamina and physical condition. This walk was nothing for her. Andreas laughed helplessly. "Hearing you say that makes me even more curious about who you really are. I suspect your identity is far from simple." "I'm just me, Bonnie. Who else could I be?" Bonnie responded with a vague smile.
Andreas laughed brightly, his words dripping with sweetness. "Right, you're Bonnie, the one and only Bonnie."
Looking ahead, he spotted the blue barberry and nearly cried joyfully.
###Chapter 839
"Bonnie, do you see that? There's a large patch of blue barberry up ahead. My goodness, we finally found it. If we had to walk any further, my legs would have given out," Andreas exclaimed.
Bonnie laughed at his dramatic display. "Your stamina needs work. If people knew a girl outdid you, wouldn't that be embarrassing?"
"Being outdone by you is nothing to be ashamed of. I wholeheartedly admit defeat," Andreas replied cheerfully as he walked towards the blue barberry.
"Is this enough for you, or should we look for more elsewhere?" Andreas asked.
"This is plenty," Bonnie said.
She then pulled out the tools she had prepared and began harvesting the plants. The blue barberry had a layer of mucus on its surface, which was slightly toxic and would make one's hands extremely itchy if touched without gloves. Proper preparation was crucial to avoid severe itching.
This patch of blue barberry was in excellent condition, with a vibrant vitality that gave it a higher medicinal value than usual. Their journey had undoubtedly been worthwhile.
Leaning against a nearby tree, Andreas watched Bonnie intently as she carefully harvested the blue barberry. His heart began to beat uncontrollably.
"Thump, thump-" Each beat was louder than the last.
The sound pounded in his ears, making it impossible for him to think of anything other than the woman before him. From the moment he first saw Bonnie, she had deeply captivated him. Over the past few days, a feeling of infatuation had grown within him.
Andreas found himself staring at Bonnie, wholly entranced.
After finishing her task, Bonnie looked up and was met with Andreas's mesmerized gaze. Feeling a strange and inexplicable sensation, she furrowed her brows slightly and called out to him. "Andreas, what's wrong? What are you thinking about?"
Startled out of his reverie, Andreas quickly looked away, worried she might see through his thoughts. He coughed lightly to cover his nervousness. "Ahem-nothing, nothing at all." Bonnie gave him a long look before tying up the bag of blue barberry and standing up. "I'm done. Let's head back."
Andreas nodded. "Alright."
As they walked side by side, Andreas suddenly sensed something and instinctively jumped in front of Bonnie, spreading his arms to shield her. He looked around warily.
"Who's there?!"
Bonnie furrowed her brows, slung the bag over her shoulder, and scanned their surroundings cautiously. "Where are they?"
She had been so focused on harvesting the blue barberry that she hadn't paid much attention to their surroundings. With Andreas's earlier assurance about knowing the terrain, she had let her guard down. Now, it seemed they had attracted unwanted attention.
"I'm not sure, but my intuition tells me they're nearby," Andreas said, taking a deep breath before continuing. "And there's a 90 percent chance they're after me. I'm sorry, I should have let the bodyguards come with us. My overconfidence has put you in danger as well."
###Chapter 840
Bonnie was about to speak when several bodyguards in black clothes appeared and surrounded them.
To her surprise, the lead bodyguard was the same one who had expressed concern for Andreas's safety and insisted on protecting him before they entered the forest.
Remembering Andreas's earlier comment about half the bodyguards being his stepmother's people, it became clear. These bodyguards weren't here to monitor Andreas but to harm him and leave him to die in the wilderness.
Bonnie thought. 'It looks like I've stumbled into a royal family feud.'
Seeing the lead bodyguard, Andreas clenched his fists tightly and let out a cold laugh. "So that's why she was so eager to send people to protect me. It was all a ruse to harm me."
The lead bodyguard responded with a few insincere apologies. "Sorry, Prince Andreas, but the Queen is now carrying another little prince. To ensure that this new son can immediately be crowned king upon birth, we have to do this."
Andreas laughed coldly again. "Is she not afraid that my father will find out about her actions and abandon her?"
Upon hearing this, the lead bodyguard's eyes flashed with a cold sharpness. "As long as we leave you here, the Queen will have nothing to worry about."
He then turned his head and signaled to the other bodyguards. "Attack!"
"Yes!" they responded, charging towards Andreas and Bonnie.
Andreas's face darkened as he turned to Bonnie. "Don't worry, just stay behind me."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows slightly and gave him a calm look. "I've never been one to hide behind others. You take care of yourself; I don't need your protection."
Her words, spoken with an inherent authority, left Andreas momentarily stunned.
In that brief moment, a bodyguard seized the opportunity and lunged at Andreas with a knife. Andreas realized it was too late to dodge, but just as the knife was about to reach him, a blur moved in front of him. With lightning-fast reflexes, Bonnie kicked the bodyguard in the wrist and stomped on his chest with her long leg.
When Andreas turned to see Bonnie standing in front of him, saving him from certain death, his heart began to race. Bonnie captivated him with her heroic appearance as a savior at that precise moment. Bonnie had just knocked down one bodyguard when she noticed Andreas still standing dazedly. She frowned deeply. "Are you planning to get stabbed?"
Andreas snapped out of his daze and then scratched his head awkwardly. "Sorry, I got a bit distracted."
"Focus. Let's take care of these people and get out of here," Bonnie said.
Bonnie then picked up a stick from the ground to use as a weapon. She charged into the fray, engaging the bodyguards in combat.
"Got it!" Andreas shouted and joined the fight..
Together, they fought with such ease that they soon defeated most of the bodyguards.
###Chapter 841
Seeing the situation, the lead bodyguard became anxious. If Andreas returned alive and their plan was exposed, the Queen would undoubtedly make him the scapegoat. 'No, I can't let Andreas leave here alive.'
With this in mind, he drew a dagger from his waist and silently moved behind Bonnie and Andreas, waiting for the perfect moment to kill Andreas with a single strike.
However, Bonnie and Andreas were working together too well, making it difficult for him to find an opening. After waiting for what felt like forever, he still couldn't find a suitable opportunity.
Eventually, he decided to change his target to Bonnie instead. Bonnie was undoubtedly more skilled than Andreas. If he could take her down, dealing with Andreas would be a piece of cake for the remaining bodyguards.
Seizing a moment when Bonnie stepped back, his eyes flashed with a vicious gleam as he aimed the dagger straight at her. Bonnie was fully concentrated on the two tough bodyguards in front of her and didn't notice the threat from behind.
However, Andreas did notice. As he looked over, the dagger was already inches away from Bonnie's back. His pupils constricted, and he cried out in alarm.
"Bonnie, watch out!"
He sprang forward as he shouted. Bonnie didn't have time to react before she felt a hard push on her back, followed by the sound of a pained grunt.
"Uhmm-"
She turned around to see Andreas, who had been stabbed by the bodyguard and was now heavily bleeding.
"Andreas!" Bonnie cried out in panic and reached out to support his collapsing body. "Are you okay? Hang in there!"
Andreas forced a pale smile. "I-I'm fine. Don't worry about me."
"Stop talking." Bonnie quickly pressed several acupuncture points to slow his bleeding.
She then took something out of her pocket and fired a signal flare into the air. There was no other way to contact someone for assistance deep in the jungle without phone service. Initially, she hesitated to use it due to concerns about revealing her identity. But she had no choice now that Andreas was critically hurt and that the stab wound might be fatal.
She could only hope that her people would arrive quickly enough to get Andreas the treatment he needed.
However, Bonnie's action of sending out a distress signal also alarmed the lead bodyguard. "She's called for help! Quickly, take them down and get out of here before reinforcements arrive." Realizing the gravity of the situation, the bodyguards launched a collective assault on Bonnie. With Andreas incapacitated, Bonnie was left to fend off the attackers alone.
At first, she managed to hold her ground, but her strength was waning, having already traveled a long distance and fought for an extended period.
Noticing Bonnie's fatigue, the lead bodyguard knew this was the perfect moment to strike. "She's almost done! Everyone, attack her with everything you've got!"
###Chapter 842
The other bodyguards intensified their assault on Bonnie.
Despite his pain, Andreas yelled aggressively at the bodyguards when he saw Bonnie struggling. "Your target is me! Come at me if you dare! Leave her alone. She has nothing to do with this!"
Upon hearing this, the lead bodyguard sneered coldly. "Prince Andreas, even if she has nothing to do with this, she's involved now. She knows what we've done. If we let her go, she might expose us. It's safer to eliminate both of you, and it's less trouble."
"You... you..." Andreas began, but the pain from his wound made him gasp sharply.
Hearing Andreas's pained cry, Bonnie frowned. "I have my way to handle them. You need to stop talking."
Before Andreas could respond, the lead bodyguard laughed mockingly. "Ha! Handle us? I'd like to see how you plan to do that!" With that, he joined the attack on Bonnie.
Now exhausted, Bonnie relied on her skills to fend them off. However, even the best skills couldn't handle so many attackers.
As she grew increasingly weary, the lead bodyguard saw his chance. He lunged at her and aimed the dagger at her chest. Bonnie's eyes widened in alarm as she barely dodged the attack. "You're courting death!" she hissed.
The lead bodyguard laughed again. "Why don't you understand who's actually courting death here!" he sneered. "Finish her off!" he ordered the other bodyguards.
Just as the bodyguards were about to attack Bonnie, the sound of helicopter rotors filled the air.
They were intimidated by the sight of dozens of helicopters hovering overhead. Fearing for his life, the lead bodyguard cried out, "Her reinforcements are here! Run, quickly!"
But before they could get away, a terrifying yet calm voice called out to them, "Run? Where do you think you're going?"
Turning toward the voice, they saw a tall, muscular man in a camouflage uniform, exuding an aura of strength and authority. He was accompanied by dozens of soldiers who blocked all escape routes. The lead bodyguard's eyes widened in shock as he recognized the man's face from foreign headlines.
"Y-You're Jim, the King of Combat?!"
"At least you have some sense," Jim replied coldly. He glanced at the soldiers beside him and commanded, "Capture them and take them away."
"Yes, sir!" the soldiers responded, swiftly subduing the bodyguards who struggled futilely.
Jim approached Bonnie and asked with concern, "Are you alright?"
"I'm fine," Bonnie replied. She then looked over at Andreas. "But he's in bad shape. He was stabbed while protecting me. We need to get him to a doctor immediately."
"Got it. I'll carry him," Jim responded and effortlessly lifted Andreas onto his back as if he were a child.
Andreas, still conscious, looked back and forth between Bonnie and Jim. As he watched, a realization dawned on him.
He recalled the information he had learned in Pyralis: the legendary King of Combat was the personal bodyguard of the renowned scientist, Ms. Bonita. Wherever Ms. Bonita went, Jim followed.
Now that Andreas saw Jim here with so many soldiers, he realized that they had arrived because they had seen Bonnie's signal flare.
###Chapter 843
It was clear that Bonnie was highly valued by her colleagues; otherwise, they wouldn't have deployed such significant resources.
This realization made Andreas's eyes widen. 'Could Bonnie be Ms. Bonita?'
The more he thought about it, the more astonished he became. Noticing Andreas's wide-eyed stare, Bonnie turned her head to see him looking at her with a mix of awe and confusion. She touched her face, puzzled.
"Is there something on my face?"
Andreas shook his head. "No, no."
"Then why are you looking at me like that? Did the pain make you delighted?" Bonnie found Andreas's gaze a bit strange.
"It's not that... I just have a question," Andreas said.
Andreas looked at her intently for a couple of seconds before taking a deep breath and asking, "Bonnie, is your true identity Ms. Bonita?"
He had his suspicions but needed confirmation from her.
Bonnie's eyes flickered with hesitation, unsure whether to reveal her true identity. But seeing Andreas's injuries, she ultimately nodded.
"Yes, I am."
Andreas's eyes were filled with admiration and a touch of infatuation. His heart pounded even harder. "Bonnie, you're amazing. I've never seen a girl excel in so many different areas."
"Doing these things is about talent and ability, not about being a girl," Bonnie replied nonchalantly, clearly accustomed to such compliments.
The more Andreas learned about Bonnie, the more he liked her and was drawn to her. This feeling had grown stronger since they met, to an almost irreversible state.
"You're truly incredible. Don't be too modest."
Bonnie noticed that blood was still oozing from his wound and frowned. "You should stop talking. Whatever you need to say can wait until you've had treatment and recovered." Andreas nodded weakly and said, "Alright."
As soon as he said this, his head lolled to the side, and he passed out. Bonnie frowned again and walked over to check his pulse. Realizing his condition was worsening, she turned to Jim with a serious expression.
"We need to hurry, or it will be too late."
"Got it," Jim responded, quickening his pace down the mountain.
An hour later, a convoy of camouflaged off-road vehicles arrived at the gates of the imperial palace. A guard rushed inside to report.
"Your Majesty, a person claiming to be Ms. Bonita is here with many soldiers and requests to see you."
"Ms. Bonita?!" The king was taken aback and stood up abruptly. "Wait, I'll go see."
"Yes, Your Majesty." The guard followed the king as he hurried outside.
At the gates, the king immediately recognized Jim, confirming Bonnie's identity as Ms. Bonita. He quickly approached and bowed slightly to Bonnie. "Hello, Ms. Bonita. I am the king of Zudale. What brings you here from so far away?"
###Chapter 844
After nodding, Bonnie said, "I have something to discuss with you regarding your son, Prince Andreas."
"Andreas? What happened to him? Did he accidentally offend you?"
The king apologized without waiting for Bonnie to say anything. "Ms. Bonita, Andreas is a simple child. If he has done anything to offend you, it was unintentional. I apologize on his behalf and hope you won't hold it against him."
"He didn't offend me. Rather, he risked his life to save me. He's currently in my car, in critical condition. I brought him here to seek treatment using the Zudale's top medical facilities. Otherwise, he might not make it through the night."
It was Bonnie's first visit to the Zudale, and she wasn't familiar with everything. She was powerless in Zudale as a foreigner, so she had no choice but to waste time bringing Prince Andreas to the king. "What? Andreas is in critical condition?!" The king staggered and nearly fell to the ground.
Fortunately, the nearby guards were quick to react and supported his swaying body just in time.
"Your Majesty, are you alright?"
It took the king a good ten seconds to recover. He patted his chest before immediately making arrangements. "Quick! Take Ms. Bonita and them to Zudale's First Hospital."
Looking at Bonnie, he said, "Ms. Bonita, our First Hospital has the most advanced medical resources and equipment in the Zudale. I hope you can save Andreas there. He's my only son, and I can't imagine living without him."
After saying this, tears welled up in the king's eyes, his expression filled with sorrow.
Bonnie understood his feelings and reassured him, "Prince Andreas was injured while saving me. Don't worry. I will do everything in my power to save him."
It wasn't just a promise to the king but also herself. Even though those people had come for Prince, he had risked his life to protect her. His bravery deeply moved her. So, even if Prince were on the brink of death, she would find a way to pull him back from the edge.
The king said with gratitude, "Thank you, Ms. Bonita."
"It's nothing. It's what I should do." Bonnie got back into the car and said through the window, "Please have someone lead the way to the First Hospital."
"I'll personally escort you there." The king waved his hand, and soon, a guard drove the car over.
As they got into the car, he said to Bonnie, "Ms. Bonita, just follow behind me."
"Okay," Bonnie replied lightly.
A dozen minutes later, dozens of cars arrived in front of Zudale's First Hospital in a grand procession.
Bonnie directed the doctors and nurses to wheel Andreas inside and followed closely behind.
Andreas's condition was extremely critical, so Bonnie would personally perform the surgery. She wouldn't trust anyone else with it.
Inside the emergency room, several top doctors in the hospital assisted Bonnie.
Watching her swift and precise movements, the doctors couldn't help but exchange surprised glances.
Initially, they had been reluctant to assist Bonnie. After all, anyone admitted to the First Hospital was considered one of Zudale's medical elites.
###Chapter 845
How could they be willing to be overshadowed by others?
Witnessing Bonnie's skillful operation, they were all immediately impressed because Bonnie's techniques and precision during surgery were unmatched by anyone present.
It was an honor to work together in the same surgery with someone as capable as her. Therefore, the slight dissatisfaction they felt before gradually disappeared and was replaced by complete admiration. Bonnie didn't notice the change in the doctors' attitudes. She kept her head down, fully focused on treating Andreas. However, Andreas's condition was extremely critical, making what should have been a smooth surgery incredibly challenging.
However, Bonnie didn't give up. Instead, regardless of how impossible it looked, she never stopped coming up with ideas for saving Andreas from the verge of death.
Three hours went by in the blink of an eye. However, Andreas's condition showed no signs of improvement. His heartbeat on the electrocardiogram became weaker with each passing moment. The doctors felt discouraged.
One of the doctors looked at Bonnie's pale face due to intense concentration and sighed, "Ms. Bonnie, we know you've worked hard enough, but Andreas's condition is too dire. It's probably beyond saving now. Shouldn't we give up?"
When the King sent them here, he didn't specify Bonnie's identity as Ms. Bonita. He only informed the doctors of her name, so they now addressed her as Ms. Bonnie.
This doctor spoke up, and others echoed, "Yes, Ms. Bonnie, if Andreas could be saved, his heart rate would have recovered by now. How could it have deteriorated to this extent?"
"Ms. Bonnie, we've witnessed your superb medical skills. We know you've tried your best, so you don't have to feel too much pressure. We will speak for you to the King."
As this doctor finished speaking, he suddenly noticed something and exclaimed, "Look! Andreas opened his eyes!"
Everyone turned their heads to see pale Andreas slowly opening his eyes.
After glancing around, his gaze finally settled on Bonnie.
"Bon... Bonnie."
Hearing him call her name, Bonnie hurried over. "Andreas, I'm here."
Andreas weakly looked at Bonnie, reached out to grab her sleeve, and then managed a faint smile.
"Bonnie, tell me the truth. Am I going to die?"
"What nonsense are you talking about?" With her brows furrowed, Bonnie gripped his hand tightly as she attempted to give him strength and rekindle his will to live. "Trust me, I will save you."
Andreas shook his head with a smile, "I am more aware of my physical condition... than anyone else. I... I know I'm almost at the end, but I don't feel regretful at all because I met you before I died. Meeting you is the happiest thing in my life so far."
Bonnie looked into Andreas's sparkling eyes and felt a pang of heartache.
"I'm also glad to meet you, but you must live on. Otherwise, we can't be friends."
Upon hearing this, a hint of dimness crossed Andreas's eyes.
"But... I don't want to be friends with you."
Bonnie wasn't sure what to say to that.
###Chapter 846
"Didn't you say you wanted to be friends with me? Now that we're friends, you don't want to be friends with me anymore. Why?" "Because..." Andreas paused, gazing affectionately at Bonnie, then continued, "Because I like you. I want you to be my princess."
Bonnie was initially taken aback, then shook her head. "No, I can't be your princess."
She didn't have any feelings for Andreas in that way, and she understood even more that this was a lifelong commitment, not something to be promised lightly.
Even though Andreas had been seriously injured saving her, she couldn't force herself to agree.
"I know you haven't liked me yet. It's a bit difficult for you to agree to something like this, but... but I'm dying. Could you... could you just humor me and make me happy?" Andreas said, then suddenly began coughing violently.
His abdominal wound was compounded by his intense coughing, which resulted in constant bleeding that stained the bandages around his waist.
"Andreas!" Bonnie called out nervously, quickly approaching and gently patting his back to soothe him.
"Stay calm, don't get agitated. Otherwise, your condition will become even more dangerous."
Andreas looked at Bonnie with a hint of a blush, making him appear pitiful and eliciting sympathy.
"Bonnie, I really like you. Please agree to it. I... didn't want to mention this so soon, but... I know if I don't say it now, I... won't have a chance in the future. Please... fulfill my dying wish, okay?"
Both his tone and gaze were so fragile, like a piece of delicate glass that would shatter at any moment if Bonnie uttered a refusal.
However, Bonnie couldn't get past the barrier in her heart. She stared at Andreas for tens of seconds without saying a word.
While Bonnie hesitated, the other doctors were moved by Andreas's deep affection. They spoke up one after another to plead on his behalf.
"Ms. Bonnie, look at how pitiful Prince Andreas is. Please agree with him. Don't let him go to heaven with regrets!"
"Yes, Ms. Bonnie, Prince Andreas is on the brink of death. This request isn't too much. Just show some kindness and agree to him."
"Ms. Bonnie, we are all Prince Andreas's subjects. Seeing him in such pain now, we can't bear it. We're begging you to agree to Andreas and become his Princess."
Seeing so many people speaking up for him, Andreas felt encouraged, and the look in his eyes as he gazed at Bonnie became even more eager.
"Bonnie... with so many people supporting us, will you... agree to me?"
Bonnie pursed her lips, her expression conflicted.
She had never encountered such a situation before and didn't know how to handle it. Seeing Bonnie remain silent, Andreas's eyes dimmed instantly. "Bonnie, you... won't accept me?"
"I..." Bonnie had just uttered a word when Andreas, lying on the hospital bed, suddenly started coughing up blood.
The sound of fresh blood splattering onto the sheets was shocking to behold.
Then, with a disappointed look, Andreas glanced at Bonnie before closing his eyes.
The electrocardiogram sounded the alarm.
Subsequently, Andreas's heartbeat gradually flattened into a straight line.
A hint of sorrow appeared in the doctors' expressions upon seeing this scene.
###Chapter 847
"Andreas has finally been relieved of his suffering. I hope he'll have a better time in heaven, being a carefree little prince."
"Sigh-Prince Andreas is the king's heart and soul. If the king finds out that Prince Andreas is gone, I can't imagine how devastated he'll be."
"We should keep this from the king for now. The king is getting older, and I'm worried he won't be able to accept it. Now that Prince Andreas has had an accident, if anything happens to the king as well, Zudale will be in chaos."
Bonnie's eyes filled with guilt upon hearing the doctors' discussions. She grabbed Andreas's hand and kept calling his name.
"Andreas, Andreas, wake up. Please wake up! Didn't you say you wanted to go to the Pyralis with me? If you wake up, I'll take you there immediately, okay?"
"Also, you said you wanted to be the best of friends with me. If you don't wake up soon, I'll be friends with someone else. I won't care about you anymore."
"Will you wake up? This isn't a funny joke. Please stop joking like this with me."
However, there was no sign of Andreas waking up, his eyes still tightly shut.
Seeing his almost translucent pale face, Bonnie took a deep breath and made up her mind to say the words she had been unwilling to say just now. "Andreas, didn't you say you wanted me to be your princess? If you wake up, I'll agree to your request, but if you—"
Before she could finish her sentence, the heart rate monitor next to Andreas started beeping again.
Following that was the sound of Andreas's heartbeat returning to normal.
The doctors were stunned.
"Is Ms. Bonnie's influence on Andreas so great? Just one sentence woke him up?"
"I feel like what's happening before us now could be considered a medical miracle!"
"Who can argue with that? When science can't explain something, we can only resort to calling it a medical miracle."
While they discussed, Bonnie quickly reacted and performed emergency procedures on Andreas using the equipment.
At the same time, she turned her head to urge the still-shocked doctors, "Stop chatting. Andreas still has a chance. Come over and help me with the next surgery." "Yes, Ms. Bonnie." The doctors quickly came back to their senses and began assisting Bonnie.
After two hours of intense surgery, Andreas finally survived the crisis, and his bodily functions gradually returned to normal.
Bonnie breathed a sigh of relief, feeling the weight lift off her heart.
Fortunately, she had fulfilled her promise, or she wouldn't know how to explain to the king.
Thinking of the king, Bonnie considered that he must still be anxiously waiting for news about Andreas, so she pushed through her exhaustion and walked out. As soon as she exited the emergency room, the king approached her immediately.
"Ms. Bonita, how is Andreas? Is he okay?"
He looked anxious, fearing Bonnie would break unpleasant news.
Seeing him tense up, Bonnie smiled helplessly.
"Your Majesty, Prince Andreas's surgery was very successful. He just needs to rest for a while, and he'll be back to normal."
The king instantly breathed a sigh of relief, belatedly feeling the cold and stickiness on his back.
It was evident how agonizing and nervous he had been during this wait, to the point where he didn't even notice when he started sweating.
###Chapter 848
After recovering, the king walked up to Bonnie and said. "Thank you, Ms. Bonita. Thanks to you, my son was saved. Otherwise, I don't know what I would have done."
Bonnie waved her hand. "Prince Andreas's injury was partly my fault, so it was only right for me to save him. You don't have to be too polite to me. However, this incident wasn't accidental; it was a premeditated murder."
The king was taken aback. "Murder? By whom?"
"By your current wife, Prince Andreas's stepmother."
Bonnie had actually given this a lot of thinking before deciding to inform the king of it. After all, the king himself selected the queen to be Andreas's stepmother. Therefore, only the king could decide how to handle this situation.
Upon hearing this news, disbelief filled the king's eyes instantly. "She has always been innocent and kind, treating Andreas very well. How could she possibly hire someone to kill Andreas? There must be some misunderstanding, but I'll investigate it thoroughly."
Bonnie nodded. "This is your family matter, and I can't interfere. But for Andreas's safety, I suggest you investigate thoroughly. Otherwise, Andreas won't live long if things continue like this."
The king realized the seriousness of the situation and solemnly agreed to Bonnie's words. "I understand, Ms. Bonita. I'll dispatch elite troops to investigate thoroughly."
"Good." Bonnie faintly responded and then tiredly pressed her temples. "I'm a bit tired. Please prepare a room for me to rest."
"Of course, right away."
The king quickly arranged a room for Bonnie. Bonnie went upstairs to rest, but she hadn't slept for long before someone knocked on the door.
Bonnie, being a light sleeper, immediately opened her eyes upon hearing the sound and got up to open the door.
Bonnie furrowed her brow when she noticed the person standing at the door-it was one of the doctors who had helped her in the emergency room. "What's wrong? Is something happening with Andreas?"
The doctor nodded, then shook his head.
Bonnie looked puzzled. "What do you mean?"
"Well... Andreas woke up and said he wanted to see you, to make you fulfill your promise."
Bonnie twitched her lips helplessly. "Andreas is really..."
Although she looked exasperated, she put on her coat and followed the doctor outside.
"I'll go take a look."
Soon, they arrived at the luxury ward where Andreas was staying.
Andreas's eyes glowed as he heard the sound and saw Bonnie enter.
"Bonnie!"
He seemed bursting with energy as he gave Bonnie a forceful wave, showing no signs of the serious state he was in just a few hours before. Bonnie didn't know what to say for a moment. She walked over and sat on the sofa opposite him and teased, "Looks like you've recovered pretty well." "It's all because of your medical skills. That's why I was able to recover so quickly." Andreas said, and he then stared at Bonnie with a happy smile. Bonnie felt a bit creeped out being stared at by him like that, and goosebumps rose on her arms.
"Are you crazy? Why are you looking at me like that?"
Andreas propped up his chin, feeling happier as he looked at Bonnie.
"Bonnie, do you remember what you said to me in the emergency room not long ago? You promised me to be my princess, right?"
Although he was passed out at that time, he still had some consciousness left.
###Chapter 849
Just as his consciousness grew weaker and he was about to give up, Bonnie's words injected him with strength that greatly inspired him.
He struggled desperately to break free from the grasp of death and return to Bonnie's side. As it turned out, he succeeded.
He was overjoyed being able to see Bonnie and chat with her happily now.
When Andreas brought up this topic, a hint of discomfort flashed in Bonnie's eyes, and she denied it. "No, you heard wrong. When did I promise you?" Andreas cried out in agony, "You did promise me, don't play dumb!"
"I really didn't. You must have misheard," Bonnie responded without skipping a beat.
Andreas snorted. "I knew you would deny it, so when I woke up, I had already arranged for witnesses!"
As he spoke, he shouted outside the door, "Come in, all of you."
All the doctors who had operated with Bonnie in the emergency room walked in.
Bonnie felt a sense of foreboding when she saw them. Before she could speak, Andreas's voice rang out again. "You guys tell me, did Bonnie agree to become my princess when we were in the emergency room just now?" Several doctors lowered their heads, not daring to look at Bonnie's expression, and nodded repeatedly. "Yes, Your Highness, we all heard it. Ms. Bonnie did indeed agree to become your Princess."
Upon hearing this, Andreas looked at Bonnie and lifted his chin.
"So many people are testifying for me! Bonnie, you can't deny it!"
With a growing headache, Bonnie opened her mouth to speak but was at a loss for words.
After pressing her temples and pausing for several seconds, she said, "I did say it, but-"
Before she could finish her sentence, Andreas's excited voice rang out.
"Then when shall we hold the ceremony? I'll have my dad crown you and make you my true princess!"
His eager tone made Bonnie's lips twitch uncontrollably.
After taking a deep breath and silently chanting 'Andreas is a patient, Andreas is a patient...' several times in her mind. She reluctantly suppressed the urge to turn around and leave, patiently reasoning with Andreas.
"Andreas, listen, although I did agree to become your princess, we are still very young. It's not allowed to make such decisions until we reach the prescribed age in Arvandor. So, let's wait a few more years. After we reach a certain age, we can discuss this matter again, okay?"
She thought that Andreas's proposal might just be a momentary impulse. So she deliberately delayed it, hoping that after a few years, the novelty for Andreas would have worn off. She wouldn't have to worry about it by then.
Andreas furrowed his brows and began to contemplate.
Although he really liked Bonnie and hoped that she could become his Princess as soon as possible, he didn't want to put Bonnie in a difficult position.
After struggling in silence for a long time, Andreas finally spoke slowly, "Since the rules on your endrequire us to wait until the prescribed age, then let's do as you say. Wait a few more years, and then I'll come over and propose to you."
Seeing him agree to this proposal, Bonnie instantly breathed a sigh of relief.
"In any case, there's no rush. Let's talk about this matter in a few years."
"That's fine, I'll listen to you." Andreas obediently nodded.
"Good," Bonnie responded faintly, and the heavy burden in her heart instantly lifted.
She told herself that she didn't need to worry about it at all because, in a few years, Andreas would have forgotten everything about it.
###Chapter 850
However, she never imagined that Andreas would genuinely recall this incident for a number of years. She's got a headache because he even knocked on her door now.
Recalling this, Bonnie decided not to dwell on it anymore. Because too much talk about it would just bring tears... She deeply regretted now, thinking she shouldn't have complied with Andreas's unreasonable demands in the first place.
Avril exclaimed, "Wow, Bonnie, the drama between you and Andreas is like a romantic drama!"
After saying this, she propped her chin on her hand and said with a sad look, "Alas, you're really charming. You have so many people who like you. I'm different. I don't know when I'll meet my true prince charming."
Bonnie shook her head and gave her a blank look.
"Do you want this 'blessing'? Anyway, I don't want it."
Avril shrugged and sighed heavily.
"I'm willing, but unfortunately, others aren't. It's really hard to handle. If there were also a handsome, high-status prince chasing after me, I would die of happiness.
"I don't want to talk to you anymore. You simply can't understand me, nor do you know how troubled I am."
Bonnie was so fed up with Andreas that just thinking about him gave her a headache. Of course, she was more than happy to be friends with him. But when it came to becoming a princess, she was unwilling...
"Oh, right." Suddenly, Avril remembered something and patted Bonnie's shoulder abruptly. "You're with Ivor now. Andreas is chasing after you relentlessly. What are you going to do?"
As soon as Ivor was mentioned, Bonnie's headache worsened a bit.
"What can I do? Just ignore him..."
Avril straightened up, supported Bonnie's shoulder, and said, "This is a very serious matter. You must consider it carefully and then think of a solution."
"Of course, I know..." Bonnie was saying this when she was suddenly interrupted by an incoming call.
She checked her phone and saw Ivor was calling.
'Speak of the devil...'
Bonnie took a deep breath before answering Ivor's call.
"Hello? What's up?"
Ivor's magnetic voice quickly came through the phone.
"Nothing much. I just finished work, feeling a bit tired. I wanted to hear your voice to recharge."
Bonnie replied, "Can't you be less cheesy?"
Ivor chuckled softly. "I'm just speaking normally. What's so cheesy about that?"
"I don't want to listen to your sweet talk. If there's nothing else, I'm going to hang up now. Bye."
Bonnie's head still ached. How to handle Andreas's situation, and how to inform Ivor about Andreas... Each of these was a dilemma.
If it were a matter of research, she would have solved it long ago. Why was she still so troubled?
Ivor furrowed his brows helplessly at Bonnie's hurry to end the call. His voice was tinged with bitterness.
"Honey, why are you in such a hurry to hang up on my call? Is there something you're going to do that I don't know about?"
Upon hearing this, Bonnie felt a little guilty.
###Chapter 851
"You might be overthinking it, Ivor. I wouldn't do anything without you knowing."
Ivor's frown deepened as he asked, "Are you sure? I can't shake the feeling that you're acting weird today."
Bonnie was about to reply, but Avril interjected, "Bonnie needs to deal with campus affairs today, Ivor. She was just worried about her work when you called. She was in the middle of her work just now." When Ivor heard that, he understood the situation and responded, "Oh, that's what it was. I guess I should get out of your hair then."
"Okay, I'll call you when I finish work." With that, Bonnie hung up and rested her cheek on her hand. She sighed and said, "What will Ivor think when he realizes I lied to him? He's going to be pissed!"
'I know I promised Andreas I'd become his consort because it's an emergency. Still, he's pressuring me to uphold my promise. That makes the whole thing different.'
The more Bonnie thought about it, the more convoluted it seemed. Her headache became unbearable, too. She could rub her temples all she wanted, but it did not make her feel better.
Avril said, "What kind of question is that? Of course, Ivor will be mad! That's why you must never tell him about it!"
"You're overreacting." Bonnie frowned.
"Gosh, you think? Ivor gets jealous easily. Of course, he'll turn green with envy when he learns about it! I don't have to tell you how it ends if that happens. You should keep it a secret. That's the only way you can save your relationship with Ivor."
The more Avril talked about it, the more dire it sounded. It was almost like the world would end if Bonnie told Ivor about this incident.
'Avril has a point, but I made Ivor promise never to lie. Now, it looks like I'll have to lie to him. I feel awful.'
With that in mind, Bonnie looked at Avril and sighed helplessly, asking, "Are you sure I can't tell him about it?"
Avril held Bonnie's shoulder and said solemnly, "You can never tell Ivor about it, ever! You'll suffer if you do. I have faith that you'll resolve things regarding Prince Andreas. After that, you'll have a happy ending without worrying about Ivor finding out."
'I don't want to lie to Ivor about anything, but I must admit that Avril's right. I only need to tell Andreas to give up on me because I don't feel the same. Then, he'll return to his country, and it'll be like none of this ever happened.'
With that in mind, Bonnies guessed there was no need to create more misunderstandings between her and Ivor over Andreas.
'Ivor is so possessive of me. He'll raise hell if he finds out I promised Andreas I'd become his consort. Now that I think about it, it's pretty severe.'
Bonnie rubbed her chin and considered her options before accepting Avril's suggestion. The former would resolve the matter with Andreas, and it would be as if nothing ever happened.
Meanwhile, Avril got worried when she noticed Bonnie's silence. The former asked, "Bonnie, are you listening? You can't tell Ivor about this. Think about yourself!"
###Chapter 852
Bonnie composed herself after hearing Avril's words. The former looked at her friend and smiled bitterly, saying, "Fine, I won't tell Ivor."
Avril was worried Bonnie would make the wrong decision, but the former sighed in relief when she heard Bonnie's response.
"Thank goodness you see my logic. Also, you're not lying. You're just keeping Ivor from getting hurt. Sometimes, it's necessary to do something like this. It'll save you plenty of trouble." Bonnie nodded approvingly. "You're right."
"Of course I am! It doesn't take a genius to know you can't tell Ivor," Avril held Bonnie's arm and said, "Anyway, have you thought of a way to make things right between you and Andreas?" When she mentioned that, Bonnie's headache returned. The former said, "Not really. Do you think it's that easy to think of a solution?"
Andreas was difficult to deal with, and Bonnie did not know where to begin.
"It's okay, Bonnie. Take your time. I'll back you up until you resolve things with Andreas," Avril said as she patted her chest.
Bonnie glanced sidelong at her. "I didn't expect you to be useful at a time like this."
Avril was shocked. "Hey, you're making it sound like I don't have a brain. I know I'm not as smart as you, but I know things." Bonnie giggled. "I appreciate it, Avril."
"What's with the formalities? We're close friends, aren't we?"
Bonnie smiled and said, "Fine, I'll drop the formalities."
Avril lifted her chin. "That's more like it. We're best friends, after all."
Bonnie giggled again but said nothing more.
Trina and a few of her friends went to the cafeteria for lunch. On their way there, they chatted about the new exchange student.
"I heard there's an exchange student in the computer science class. He's cute, like Prince Charming-no, he's drop-dead gorgeous! I hope to see him later."
"Some people secretly took pictures of him and posted them online. I saw the pictures and agree with you. He can charm the pants off anyone. I'd even say he trumps celebrities and models."
"I saw them, too! That guy's stunning. The other students want his number, and some even ask about him in the forums."
Trina listened as they spoke. She thought, 'Seriously? I never knew such a student existed. If that's the case, I must meet him. He might just like what he sees. Then, I'll get my chance to elevate my life and fame!'
With that in mind, she stepped between her friends and asked curiously, "Are you serious? Is the exchange student that cute?"
"Honey, he's more than cute. Also, why would so many comments about him be on the internet if he weren't as stunning as we say?"
###Chapter 853
"Trina, I thought you're always on Twitter. Didn't you see the trending topic?"
"Yeah, you're usually on top of such topics. It's strange that you don't know about this."
Trina feigned helplessness and sighed. "I've been so swamped with research that I had no time to check Twitter. I envy you guys for having the time to do it!"
Her friends knew she was boasting about her achievement in a roundabout way. They rolled their eyes in unison.
'Tsk, she's just an assistant to a minor professor conducting insignificant research. She doesn't have to make it sound bigger than it is. She's nothing special, after all.'
Trina noticed her friends were not responding to her. She continued to bug them, "Hey, tell me more about this exchange student. I'm intrigued."
Her friends looked at each other, and one was about to say something when they noticed something from the corner of their eyes. They gasped in unison as one asked, "Isn't that Andreas, the exchange student?"
Another said, "Speak of the devil. It must be my lucky day."
"Gosh, he's much cuter in person! I need to take a picture now. I don't dare to flirt with him, but at least I can have a photo of him on my phone."
Trina saw her friends' excitement and followed their gaze. She searched for Andreas and asked, "Which one is he?"
Immediately after, she saw him standing at a vending machine. She added, "H-He's gorgeous! That's what a model should look like. He's like an angel from Heaven!"
'Besides Ivor, Andreas is the cutest guy I've seen in Pyralis. Andreas is so full of youthful energy.'
Trina could not help but stare at him in a daze. Her friends swapped glances and muttered about her behind her back when they noticed how enchanted she looked. Then, a couple of them approached Trina. "Do you have a crush on him, Trina?"
"Do you think he's charming?"
"If you like him, you should chat and ask for his number. We support you."
Trina had already intended to do that. However, she behaved pretentious before them and feigned shyness. "I don't think I should do that. After all, he's too handsome. Why do you think he'll have eyes for me? "I'll feel so embarrassed if he rejects me. Plus, there are so many people around. The last thing I want is to become the school's laughingstock."
The duo who approached Trina wanted to see how things would turn out. So, they continued to persuade her.
"You need to be more confident in yourself, Trina! You're talented and look as cute as a button. Why wouldn't he have eyes for you? You're so pretty that he might fall in love with you at first sight!"
"I agree. You're single, right? Just give it a whirl. You might surprise yourself."
Although Trina bit her lip shyly, she was dying to flirt with Andreas. She asked, "D-Do you think I can do it?"
Her friends were determined to see her embarrass herself, so they encouraged her.
"Of course you can! You have the looks and demeanor for it. Now, hurry up and approach Andreas. We'll wait for you here."
"You're too modest, Trina. No one else can pull it off but you."
"W-Well, all right, then. I'll give it a shot."
###Chapter 854
Trina's friends succeeded in motivating her and giving her the confidence she needed. Trina took a deep breath and approached Andreas. As she walked over, she noticed his perfect, poreless skin. 'His jaw-line is flawless. How can anyone look so handsome? I'd be thrilled if I could become his girlfriend.'
Andreas sensed someone approaching him. However, it had been a while since he sensed it, yet no one said a thing. He was puzzled while waiting to receive his drink from the vending machine. After picking i up, he turned and saw Trina standing before him.
Andreas scratched his head and asked, "Can I help you with something?"
Trina stared at his flawless face in a daze. She looked at him timidly and blushed before introducing herself, "Y-Yeah, I came to talk to you. My name's Trina. I'd like to—"
Before she could finish, he interjected, "Oh, I get it. You're here to flirt with me and ask for my number, right?"
Andreas guessed Trina's intentions so fast that she thought she stood a chance with him. Her eyes sparkled as she looked at him hopefully, saying, "U-Um, I just wanted to be your friend. Can I have your phone number?"
Andreas dashed her hopes in seconds. He said, "I'm sorry, but I'm already in love with someone. I don't want her to misunderstand me, so I can't give you my phone number."
Trina thought he pointed out her intentions because he wanted to agree with her approach. She never expected him to reject her instead. After getting turned down, she felt embarrassed.
A moment later, Trina saw some students mocking and pointing at her.
"She should look at herself in the mirror before asking Andreas for his phone number. She thinks too highly of herself."
"There are far more attractive girls here, yet they only dare to look at him. None of them have asked for his number. I don't think anyone is as courageous as that girl."
"She must have a high opinion of herself and thinks she can charm anyone. That said, that girl should consider whether or not she deserves someone like him."
"I've seen many shameless people, but that girl takes the cake. She thought she stood a chance to flirt with Andreas. I wonder where she got the courage to do that." Trina heard everyone's remarks. She balled her fists angrily as her body stiffened, evidently trying to suppress her rage. Embarrassed and upset, she could not decide whether to run or speak up for herself against the crowd.
Suddenly, she heard an extremely familiar voice, "Andreas, what's taking you so long? I thought you were just buying a drink."
'Wait, is that Bonnie?! Why is she talking to Andreas as if they're close? Does she know him personally?!'
Meanwhile, Andreas left Trina there. He stood before her a second ago but reacted like a puppy when he heard Bonnie's voice. He ran over and said, "I'm coming! I bought my drink much earlier but ran into trouble."
He handed Bonnie the drink and said, "Here, your favorite orange juice."
Then, he lifted his chin and waited for her to praise him. "It's been so long since we last met, but I still remember your favorite drink. I'm awesome, aren't I?"
###Chapter 855
Bonnie helplessly went along with him, "Yeah, you're undoubtedly awesome."
When she took the orange juice from him, she frowned and said, "I thought I told you to get me an iced orange juice. Why'd you get me a lukewarm one instead?"
Andreas sighed and waved. "Cold drinks are detrimental to your health. It's better for your body if you drink more room-temperature beverages. It's not just this time, too. I'll watch you to stop you from drinking iced beverages."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "Are you trying to control my life?"
"For the record, that's not what I'm doing. It's just my way of expressing concern. If you keep drinking iced drinks, you'll..." Andreas lectured Bonnie about the side effects of cold drinks.
'Damn, he's such a blabber mouth that I can't stand it. I'll just let him win this time.'
"Fine, I'll listen to whatever you say. Just stop talking."
Andreas's eyes lit up when he heard that. "That's more like it. You should listen to me. After all, I'm only doing it for your benefit. You have no idea how concerned I am about you."
"Okay, okay, that's enough!" Bonnie had no interest in listening to him. "Quit talking. We need to return to the lecture hall. It's almost time for our next lesson."
"All right, let's go there together." Andreas smiled gleefully. It was plain to see how delighted he was with her.
Meanwhile, Trina watched as Andreas stared at Bonnie and followed along.
'It's like Bonnie never saw me. On the contrary, she chose to ignore me. Gah, it doesn't matter! The point is, I'm sick and tired of her!'
Trina continued to watch the duo chat as they left the cafeteria together. The longer she stared at them, the more envious and resentful she felt. She balled her fists so tightly that she did not even realize her nails were digging into her palms.
'What makes Bonnie so special?! Why do good things always happen to her? I agree that she's pretty, has medical knowledge, knows how to paint well, and is overall talented. Still, why do handsome guys love throwing themselves at her?!
'I'm pretty and have immense talent in scientific research, too. So, why don't I have whatever Bonnie does?'
Trina grimaced with jealousy. Even so, she could only suppress her emotions and curse Bonnie inwardly. The former knew she was no match for her former sister. Trina did not dare to throw her thoughts and feelings at Bonnie, lest the former pay a hefty price.
At the thought of that, her face contorted with jealousy.
Classes ended in the blink of an eye. Bonnie took her bag and exited the lecture hall. Soon after, Andreas bugged her again, asking, "Bonnie, where do you stay now? Can I come over? I haven't seen where you live yet."
Bonnie instantly rejected him. "Nope! I don't like people butting into my personal space."
Andreas was highly disappointed. He was about to say something, but Bonnie was quicker. She added, "Not even friends."
She saw through him like he was a window. Andreas pursed his lips and grumbled, "You'll be my princess one day. Why can't I visit your home now?"
Bonnie frowned when he mentioned making her his princess. She warned, "I told you not to talk about that while we're on campus. I'll give you a final warning. If you cross the line again, I'll ignore you forever, got it?!"
A moment later, she heard a charming voice, "Hey, Bonnie."
###Chapter 856
Bonnie froze when she heard the voice. Then, a hint of panic flashed in her eyes as she thought, 'When did Ivor get here?! Did he hear my conversation with Andreas? What would he think if he heard the word princess?'
She wondered if Ivor would make the connection that she promised Andreas to marry him. Although the word princess did not prove anything, Ivor was perceptive.
Ivor strode toward her and asked, "Why are you blanking out? Earth to Bonnie."
Bonnie returned to her senses and tried maintaining her composure to make up a story. "Oh, it's nothing. I was just thinking about my research. That's why I didn't notice you calling out to me." Ivor nodded understandingly. "Oh, that's what it was."
He was stunned to see the prince standing beside her. Andreas met Ivor's gaze and waved at him joyfully. "Ivor, I was thinking about visiting you in the next few days, but here we are. What a coincidence."
Then, Andreas caught himself and glanced at Bonnie. He turned to Ivor and asked, "Are you here to see Bonnie?"
The couple exchanged glances and asked each other simultaneously, "How do you know His Highness, Bonnie?"
"How do you know Prince Andreas, Ivor?"
The couple stared into each other's eyes, and Ivor took the lead, "I met His Highness when he and His Majesty visited Pyralis for a business forum. I represented my family in welcoming them. I even brought them to all the unique landmarks. That's how I became good friends with His Highness.
Ivor then looked at Andreas before gazing at Bonnie. "Hmm, how do you know each other, Bonnie? Also, you two look pretty close."
Bonnie was about to answer, but Andreas was faster, "Here's the thing, Ivor. Bonnie and I are "
Before he could finish, Bonnie glared at him. Ivor saw it and frowned. Then he gazed between his fiancee and the prince repeatedly. Even so, Ivor could not tell what was happening. He glanced at Andreas and asked, "What were you saying, Your Highness? What's your relationship with Bonnie?"
Andreas scratched his head and instinctively looked at Bonnie. He stammered, "U-Um, perhaps Bonnie should explain it. I can't find the words right now."
'I have no idea why she stopped me. Still, I won't say a word if she doesn't want me to. I'll do anything she says.'
Bonnie sighed in relief.
'Thank goodness Andreas read my expression accurately, or I wouldn't know how to explain myself. Now that the ball is in my court, it's up to me to spin the story.'
Bonnie took a moment to collect her thoughts before staring into Ivor's profound eyes. She kept a handle on her nerves and said, "I went blueberry plucking in Zudale three years ago and, believe it or not, befriended him.
"He's here because he finally mastered Arvadorian and came looking for me. After all, it's normal for friends to hang out, right?"
###Chapter 857
"Is that so?" Ivor stared at Bonnie curiously.
'I can't shake the feeling something weird is going on between His Highness and Bonnie, but I can't figure it out.'
"Don't you believe me?" Bonnie frowned and looked sideways at Andreas, hinting at him to go along. "If you don't, ask Prince Andreas and see what he says."
Andreas caught her drift and nodded subtly. Before Ivor could question him, he said, "She's right, Ivor. We met each other when we were plucking blueberries. I came to hang out with her after finally mastering the Arvandor language."
Something occurred to Andreas at that moment, and he could not help but feel confused. He asked, "I don't get it, though. Why do you keep asking Bonnie about how we know each other? Is it that important to you?"
Ivor was stunned when he heard that. He frowned and reflected on his behavior.
'I guess Andreas has a point. He only came out of the campus with Bonnie because they're good friends, yet I questioned her as if I don't trust her.'
Realizing his inappropriate behavior, he responded apologetically, "I-I didn't mean to pry. I just care about Bonnie too much, that's all. I'm sorry about that."
"Hmm, you said you care about her?" Andreas wondered what Ivor truly meant.
'What is Bonnie and Ivor's relationship? Why would he use such an intimate word?'
"Mhm," Ivor replied faintly, "Is there a problem, Your Highness?"
Andreas sensed something was amiss. He was about to ask Ivor something when the royal guard spoke, "Your Highness, the car is here. It's time to head home."
The prince glanced at Bonnie hesitantly. He was about to pry again, but Bonnie spoke before he could, "Your guards are here, Prince Andreas. You should go with them now. Don't keep them waiting." Andreas froze momentarily before responding, "I'll take my leave then. We'll talk again tomorrow."
'Since it's not a good time to ask questions, I'll leave and try again tomorrow. I'll find out just what's going on between Bonnie and Ivor.' Bonnie waved, "All right, then."
Ivor watched as Andreas left with his royal guards. Then, the former gazed at Bonnie and said, "Prince Andreas looks at you so strangely." Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Do you think you're a magnifying glass or something? How do you know how he looks at me?"
Then, she thought of something and joked, "Are you sure it's just the prince who looks at me strangely and not every other guy, too?"
###Chapter 858
The initially stunned Ivor grinned. "I knew it. You know me better than anyone else."
He held Bonnie's slender waist and pulled her close. "I don't like any guy who gets too close to you. They should get their own fiancees or girlfriends. Why do they always swarm around mine?" "Stop being so dramatic." Bonnie shoved him aside. "He's my friend, that's all. We weren't doing or thinking anything inappropriate. You just assume those things."
Ivor remarked, "Although you don't think that way, you can't guarantee they don't harbor impure thoughts about you."
"So what if they do, Ivor? Are you seriously intervening in my social life? If we're together, we must trust each other instead of whatever you're doing now. You're trying to shackle me over something unreasonable.
"It makes me feel like you don't know what love is. Instead, you're being selfish." Bonnie did not mean to scold Ivor, but she had to so he would stop thinking about Andreas and ultimately figure out the truth. As for the prince, everything would be water under the bridge once Bonnie resolved it.
Thinking Bonnie would get mad at him, a trace of panic flashed in Ivor's eyes. He cupped her hands and said, "I'm sorry. I just care about you too much. I didn't mean to make you feel shackled. I'll stop since you don't want to talk about it."
Ivor apologized so quickly that it made Bonnie realize she had been a little harsh on him. Moreover, she felt guilty. She held his hand and softened her tone, saying, "I didn't mean to get mad at you. I just don't like it when we're suspicious of each other.
"I need trust instead of what's happening now. You're suspicious of me over something trivial for no reason."
Ivor nodded solemnly. "I understand. I won't doubt you again."
"Great!" She replied and held his arm. "Let's go home."
Ivor smiled when he noticed Bonnie holding his arm.
The following day, Bonnie did not go to campus-instead, she went to her research institute. As for Andreas, he eagerly waited for her on campus, only to find out she was not coming to the university.
He tried texting Bonnie, but she did not reply. It made Andreas feel like she had no interest in responding to him. He could only stare at his phone and wait for a reply that would never come. Then, he rested his chin on his hand and sighed helplessly.
Avril, sitting nearby, heard his sigh. She could not help but ask, "What's wrong, Andreas? Did something happen?"
Andreas sighed again. "I don't know what happened, but Bonnie isn't replying to my texts."
At that moment, he remembered Bonnie and Avril as close friends. He stared at Avril and asked, "You're Bonnie's best friend, right? Can you tell me where she is and why she's not replying?"
###Chapter 859
Andreas initially considered calling Bonnie, but she did not reply to his texts. So, he did not think she would answer his call. That was why he chose not to do it.
Avril's heart softened when she met his pitiful gaze. She had a strong urge to tell him the truth. "Look at the time. If Bonnie's not on campus, she's most likely at the research institute. She has a habit of silencing her phone when doing research. I'll bet that's why Bonnie isn't responding."
Avril said that because Bonnie told her Andreas knew about the latter's identity as Bonita.
"Oh, is that where Bonnie is?" Andreas nodded. "I guess it's normal for her not to reply, then. I thought she was ignoring me."
Avril instinctively said, "You did nothing wrong, so why would she give you the cold shoulder? That's highly unlike her."
Andreas nodded in approval, saying, "Yeah, it looks like I was overthinking it. I was worried I did something to upset her."
Avril remarked, "I thought you two are close friends. Bonnie wouldn't have ignored you for no good reason, even if you upset her."
"I guess you're right." Andreas nodded again. Then, he remembered something and smiled. "Hey, I have an important question to ask you. Can you help me out?"
Avril could sense something was off when she saw how Andreas smiled. She dared not promise him anything. "M-Maybe you should tell me what you need first. Otherwise, I won't know if I can help you." Andreas asked, "Um, do you know what's happening between Ivor and Bonnie? I saw how they treated each other yesterday, and I can't help feeling something strange about it."
"D-Did you run into Ivor yesterday?!" Avril's heart dropped immediately.
'Ivor and the man trying to win Bonnie's heart met each other?! How did Bonnie get herself out of that situation? Still, it doesn't look like Andreas knows Ivor is Bonnie's fiance. If that's the case, I can't tell Andreas.
'Andreas and Ivor aren't people to be reckoned with. Disaster will follow if either of them finds out the truth. I need to help Bonnie keep her secrets airtight. I can't tell anyone the truth!'
Andreas knew Avril was getting a little worked up. He could not help but look at her curiously, saying, "Yeah, I ran into Ivor yesterday. What's wrong? Why do you look shocked?"
Avril composed herself and grinned dryly. She said, "The way you said Ivor's name sounds like you know him well. I'm just surprised you guys seem to know each other."
"Oh, that's why you look like that." Then, Andreas briefly explained how he befriended Ivor. Afterward, he asked again, "Considering your tone, you probably know Ivor, too. Can you tell me what's happening between him and Bonnie?"
"Uh, well..." Avril had no idea what to say. She was stumped for a long while before finally finding her voice, "I think you should ask Bonnie about that. After all, it's such a private question. It's not my place to answer."
Andreas looked puzzled. "I was just asking about how well they know each other. Is that too private?"
"Yeah, it's part of Bonnie's private life. Although I might be her best friend, I can't answer such questions on her behalf." Avril waved, hinting at Andreas that she would not answer.
She added, "I-If you want an answer, you should ask Bonnie. You're barking up the wrong tree, Andreas. I don't know anything."
###Chapter 860
Andreas frowned as he watched Avirl bolt out of the hall.
'I only asked her what Bonnie and Ivor's relationship is. Why was Avril so evasive? Is it because Bonnie and Ivor are more than friends, as I suspected? If so, I should strengthen my relationship with Bonnie, or Ivor will steal her from me.'
Later, Andreas put his thoughts into action. After class, he rushed to the Knight Group. Ivor was surprised when Floyd told him Andreas had come looking for him. Ivor composed himself and said, "Bring him in, Floyd."
"Right away, Mr. Ivor," Floyd replied and brought the prince in.
Ivor looked at Andreas and asked, "Your Highness, why did you come so far to see me?"
Andreas sat across from Ivor at the desk. The former scratched his head and said gingerly, "I-I have a unique favor to ask of you. I'm not sure if you'll agree to it."
"You can tell me what it is, and I'll help you if it's within my capabilities," Ivor said, thinking of Andreas as a friend.
Since Andreas was alone in a foreign country, he had no one to depend on. Hence, Ivor did not turn him down when he asked for help.
"I'll cut to the chase, then." After a short pause, Andreas said, "If I remember, you have a massive rose garden at your villa."
Ivor nodded. "Indeed, I do. Do you need something from there?"
Andreas blushed when he considered what to say next. Soon after, he said, "Um, I want to propose to the girl I love in your rose garden."
"Oh, is she here in Pyralis?" Ivor frowned, thinking of Bonnie. He was about to ask Andreas about it but immediately remembered what Bonnie had told him the previous day.
'If Bonnie finds out I questioned Andreas, she'll think I don't trust her. I should keep her name out of this.'
"Yeah, she is." Andreas nodded enthusiastically as Bonnie's face appeared in his mind, causing him to blush even more. "We've known each other for a long time and even shared a horrifying experience.
"I confessed my love for her after that, and she agreed to be with me. Now, I just have to propose to her. We'll be together forever once she finally agrees."
Ivor asked, "Does that mean you and the girl you like are in love with each other?"
"We are!" Andreas replied firmly, "I've asked her to be my wife and princess. Since she agreed, I can confidently say she loves me."
Ivor had been doubtful since yesterday. After hearing Andreas's words, Ivor's doubts vanished.
'I thought something funny was happening between Andreas and Bonnie since she responded that way. However, I had misunderstood Bonnie, considering what she said.
'Since Andreas loves someone else, he and Bonnie are only friends. He can't have any questionable feelings for her. That explains why she was so upset yesterday.' The longer Ivor pondered, the guiltier he felt.
'I must apologize to Bonnie properly when she returns from the research institute.'
###Chapter 861
Andreas waited a long time for Ivor's reply. The former could not help but ask again, "So, can I use your rose garden for my proposal?"
Ivor returned to his senses and agreed, "Of course you can. Although, if the girl you love accepts your proposal, you must invite me to the wedding."
Andreas patted his chest, saying, "Consider it done!"
"Okay, just let me know when you need it. I'll tell my butler and housekeepers to decorate the place for you," Ivor replied. Then, he grinned when he thought about his future wedding with Bonnie. 'I'll organize the grandest wedding anyone has ever seen. Bonnie will feel just how much I love her.'
"I appreciate it, Ivor!" Andreas was overjoyed.
Ivor responded smilingly, "It's no problem at all, Your Highness."
Meanwhile, Bonnie succeeded in yet another project. She had developed an improved version of her hair remover, and it worked like magic, with no side effects on the human body. Once they started selling the hair removers, the stores sold out in ten minutes.
Simultaneously, the demand for it grew. Bonnie had achieved twice the sales she had expected. She knew she would have to credit Keenan for the massive success of this particular research. After all, the plant he had provided contained a component she needed for the hair remover.
Keenan initially told Bonnie the plant was toxic, even if it could remove hair. That was why a minority of the institute staff was skeptical when she proposed using the plant. However, she had proved that she was right.
Immediately after, those skeptical about Bonnie's research began to respect and admire her. They even praised her for what she had achieved. Everyone huddled around her and commended her.
"I knew you could do it, Ms. Bonita. We never even considered using the plant until you mentioned it."
"If we were as bold as you were, we could do much more. Then, we would be more successful."
"I agree. Also, the plant's toxicity was pretty potent. It could paralyze our nervous system, too. I never imagined you could resolve it altogether."
"You're incredible, Ms. Bonita. If we had even half your intelligence, we could do anything in Arvandor."
The staff members went overboard with their praises, causing Bonnie's lips to twitch as she said, "That's quite enough. Calm down, everyone."
Everyone saw her modesty despite her impressive achievement. The staff members continued to praise her, and their compliments grew louder, causing a ringing in her head.
Bonnie helplessly rubbed her brows and left the research institute.
'They never stop talking. I need to leave, or they'll continue to praise me.'
Bonnie stood on the roadside and wondered if she should go to the campus. Suddenly, her phone buzzed in her pocket. She took it and realized Andreas was calling her. She asked, "What is it, Andreas?"
###Chapter 862
"Um, I'd like to take you somewhere this Friday night. I have something important to tell you," Andreas sounded timid and uncertain. His grip on his phone tightened involuntarily. He was so nervous that his palms began to sweat, fearing Bonnie would turn him down.
Bonnie thought he was getting themselves into trouble again and turned him down immediately. "I'll need to take a rain check on that. I've been busy lately and am not interested in going out."
Andreas knew she would disagree if he relied on just words. He used the same tactic again, "You promised you'd be my consort. I was just asking you out, yet you rejected him. Are you sick of me already, Bonnie?"
She helplessly rubbed her brows and sighed. "I'm not sick of you, Andreas. I have no reason to hate you or anything."
"If that's the case, why would you reject me?" Andreas sounded sad.
"It's because I'm busy. I can't just make time for you," Bonnie sounded somewhat guilty.
However, she rejected Andreas because of Ivor. She knew her fiance would get jealous if he found out she met with the prince alone. That was why Bonnie could not agree to meet with Andreas. "You're that busy, huh? So, you can't make time for me?"
"I genuinely can't, Andreas. You can tell me what's so important on campus, right? You don't need to ask me out."
"No, it's a big deal for me. It concerns the rest of my life!"
"I don't have the time for that, Andreas! I can't do anything about it. Am I supposed to put everything aside for you? That would be highly irresponsible of me. I can't do that to my colleagues."
Bonnie had a bad feeling about Andreas's intentions the moment he said it concerned the rest of his life.
'That does it. I don't know what'll happen if I agree to go out with Andreas. I might not be able to predict what he's up to.'
Andreas grew anxious when he heard her words. He sounded impatient, saying, "I don't care about that. I asked you out, and you'll agree. Otherwise, I'll announce everything about our deal over the university radio.
"I'll tell everyone you'll be my consort. Then, you'll have no choice but to marry me." He regretted saying that immediately after.
'I sounded too threatening. It's like I'm forcing Bonnie to bend to my will, but that was never my intention. It's just that she has to be at the rose garden when I propose. What's the point of setting everything up if she refuses to be there?'
With that in mind, Andreas said what he said because he felt forced. Even so, he hoped Bonnie would not hold it against him. He thought he would explain everything once she agreed to his proposal.
"You're getting increasingly cunning, Andreas. How did you learn to blackmail me through the university radio?" Bonnie did not expect him to react so dramatically to her rejection. She had a hunch about why he asked her out but was unsure about it.
"You're the one who rejected me over something trivial, Bonnie. Do you think I want this? You forced me," Andreas said before pressuring Bonnie again.
###Chapter 863
"Bonnie, I'm begging you. Will you please come for a little while? It's not a big deal, okay. I swear I won't take up much of your time."
Although Bonnie felt speechless, she could do nothing about it. She said, "Fine, I'll come. Send me the time and place. I'll be there when the day comes."
The prince was thrilled, saying, "Perfect! It's a date, then. You must be there, Bonnie."
"I get it, I get it. I gave you my word, and I intend to keep it. So, you can rest assured now." Bonnie sighed.
'Do I even have a choice, considering how he threatened me? I can do nothing else but agree.'
"Thanks, Bonnie. I feel much better now," Andreas said, imagining the moment Bonnie would agree to marry him.
'Once we get married, I'll hold a grand wedding that no one has ever seen. I'll announce that Bonnie is my princess to the world!'
"I'll hang up now if that's all you have to say. I'll see you on campus later," Bonnie said as he hung up before he could respond. She stood by the roadside and cleared her mind to consider a solution to this
mess.
'I'm with Ivor now, and we're getting married soon. I can't be Andreas's consort. Also, I don't love Andreas. I must tell him that when I can. Maybe this Friday night will be the perfect time.'
Bonnie had never stopped thinking of a way to let Andreas down slowly. However, she knew she had to get it over with now. She should reject him quickly to sever his affection for her. That way, Andreas could find someone more suited to be his princess.
A moment later, Bonnie felt like a weight had lifted from her shoulders. She went to her car at the parking lot and then drove to the campus.
The big screen on campus showed the news of Bonita Research Lab's latest product. The hair remover was a massive success. When Bonnie entered the lecture hall, she heard her classmates discussing it. "Just how great is Ms. Bonita? Although it's just a hair remover, she developed something organic that doesn't harm the human body. It works like a charm, too. She's way better than unethical businessmen." "You're right. We need to buy more of Ms. Bonita's products. They're safer and won't have side effects, either."
"I bought one of her hair removers. It works perfectly. I never expected her to develop an improved version. I wonder when they'll take preorders. I'll have to wait and ensure I get more for later use." "Would you mind snagging one for me, too? I need that hair remover."
"Me, too!"
Bonnie had never heard such overwhelmingly positive public reviews. Nonetheless, she was grateful to receive such praise.
'When I have time in the afternoon, I'll contact the factory and tell them to speed up the production. That's the only way everyone can buy it.'
Suddenly, she heard Andreas's cheerful voice, "I didn't expect you to be here earlier than me, Bonnie. I planned to be the first person you see when you enter the lecture hall."
###Chapter 864
Bonnie's lips twitched as she said, "Almost all our classmates are here. Will you please quit flirting with me? People might misunderstand us."
Andreas looked innocent as he scratched his head, saying, "Although you say that, you're my future—"
Bonnie covered his mouth, knowing what he was about to say. She scolded him, "Did you forget what I said? I said I'd ignore you if you ever mention that word on campus again. Why are you bringing it up? You must want me to ignore you."
Andreas shook his head and stammered, "Th-that's not what I want. I'm sorry. I'll stop talking now and won't bring that up again."
He genuinely feared Bonnie would ignore him.
"I only ask that you remember what I said and stop bringing it up. You don't need to apologize." Bonnie then took a foreign book and casually flipped through it.
"I understand." Andreas nodded and leaned on the desk, staring at her quietly.
While Bonnie read her book, he took in the view. The mere thought of her filled him with happiness and bliss. Bonnie noticed his stare and frowned. However, she did not bother talking to him.
'I don't like people staring at me like that, but I must be patient with Andreas. I prefer this over him rambling beside me.'
At that moment, Andreas felt serene and harmonious. However, Bonnie felt eerie. Soon after, she heard a sharp voice disrupting the moment, "It looks like someone's concerned about how sophisticated she seems around others. That must be why Bonnie's pretending to read another foreign book."
Bonnie turned and saw Frankie. She could not help but smirk and say, "I heard you got summoned to the president's office again, but it seems you still haven't learned your lesson. Since you're mouthing off again, I guess there's no changing your pathetic behavior."
Frankie reddened with rage when he heard that. That said, he could not think of a good comeback. He could only suppress his anger, looking miserable.
Bonnie noticed it and casually stared at him. She said, "Go on. I thought you were mouthing off earlier. Cat got your tongue?"
Frankie was at a loss for a while before finally saying, "You're just good with words. Still, that doesn't mean you're great. You're nothing special, Bonnie." He took his phone and pointed at the screen. "Do you see this?"
Bonnie looked at the screen and saw the news about her hair remover. She raised her brows and said, "Yeah, what about it? What are you implying?"
Frankie put away his phone and scoffed disdainfully. "Ms. Bonita is excellent, unlike you. You're cocky because you know a little bit of foreign language and got lucky on the SATS. I swear, you overestimate yourself too much."
Bonnie instinctively chuckled. "I agree that Ms. Bonita is exceptional. However, what does it have to do with you, Frankie? You sound so enthusiastic that others would think you're taking credit for Ms. Bonita's achievement."
At that moment, most classmates turned and judged the duo.
###Chapter 865
"Bonnie has some fine points. It's okay if Frankie wants to pick a fight with her, but why is he defending himself using Ms. Bonita? It's not like they're friends."
"I know, right? Frankie sounded so proud, too. I would've thought he was Ms. Bonita if I didn't know better."
"I used to think Frankie was friendly. He's beginning to look more like a lunatic by the day. He always spends his time causing trouble instead of focusing on his studies."
"Although Bonnie rarely comes to school, she has never picked fights with anyone without reason. What on earth is Frankie thinking? He always finds trouble with her. What good does that do him?"
Frankie grew panicked and frustrated when he overheard the mutterings. He turned and roared at them, "Shut up! You guys know nothing!"
Then he turned back to Bonnie and said grimly, "I said that to remind you to be humble and stop flaunting your capabilities. Learn from how Ms. Bonita carries herself!"
Bonnie laughed heartily, "Hahaha! You're hilarious, Frankie."
He was puzzled. "You know you're wrong, but you're laughing it off instead of improving yourself. You must have a s*** loose, Bonnie."
Bonnie laughed so hard that she could barely remain seated. She said, "I'm perfectly sane. You're the one with a s*** loose."
'This is the first time hearing someone telling me to learn from how I carry myself. The more I think about it, the funnier it gets.'
"Why, you little-" Frankie was about to say something, but Andreas stood up and stood between him and Bonnie.
"Before you say anything else, look at yourself in the mirror. Did you seriously just tell Bonnie to learn from Bonita? Don't you know Bonnie is none other than—"
Bonnie cleared her throat to stop Andreas when she realized he was about to go overboard. The latter heard it and knew she wanted him to stop. Andreas could only trail off into silence and stare at Frankie. The latter hastily asked, "What were you about to say about Bonnie?"
Before Andreas could answer, Frankie continued to ramble, "Were you about to tell me Bonnie is Ms. Bonita?”
Bonnie's heart dropped. Then she looked helplessly at Andreas. He did not think Frankie could guess that, either, so Andreas looked at Bonnie apologetically.
As the duo exchanged glances, Frankie laughed disdainfully, "Hahaha! I understand you love Bonnie, but you don't have to suck up to her so much. How can someone like her be Ms. Bonita? Hahaha! That has to be the best joke I've heard all year."
His laughter stung Andreas's ears. The latter balled his fists and approached Frankie with a menacing stare. "Shut your trap, Frankie!"
Although Frankie felt intimidated, he quickly recovered and puffed his chest. Staring back at Andreas, he said, "Bonnie isn't nearly as competent as Ms. Bonita. Do you have a problem with that? What, are you going to hit me for speaking the truth?"
###Chapter 866
Andreas's expression grew grim as he stared at the obnoxious-looking Frankie. The former clenched his fists and was about to punch Frankie.
However, Bonnie noticed it and stopped Andreas before he could do anything. She exclaimed, "Andreas!"
He heard her voice and stopped. Then, he turned to her in puzzlement and said, "Bonnie, someone needs to teach him a lesson. Why are you stopping me? He needs a good beating to learn from his mistakes, or he won't know when to quit."
Bonnie frowned and thought about how hotheaded Andreas was. She could not help but soothe him, "You're forgetting we're on campus, Andreas. You're also an exchange student. If you punch him, you might get sent back to Zudale.
"It's not worth it to put yourself in danger for someone like Frankie. Just leave him alone and ignore his ramblings."
Andreas pondered her words and thought they were reasonable. "You're right. It's not worth it if I can't spend time with you because of someone like Frankie."
Bonnie paused, not knowing how to respond for a moment. A moment later, she waved and said, "You shouldn't hit him. That's all I ask."
"I understand." Andreas nodded obediently.
Bonnie thought, 'I'm the university president now. It'll be troublesome if an exchange student hits one of ours. It'd be wise not to resort to violence. After all, I'll find another way to deal with Frankie and his stupid mouth!'
Bonnie and Andreas spoke to each other hushedly so Frankie could not hear what they said. He thought they feared him because his father was a professor at the university.
He thought he had an advantage and puffed up his chest. He stepped closer to Andreas and boasted, "I thought you were acting tough just now. Here, hit me if you dare."
Frankie put his cheek closer to Andreas, taunting, "Hmph, I thought you were tough, but you're just a pathetic weasel. I didn't think you had the guts to punch me. After all, I can always tell my dad to send your a*** back to Zudale whenever I want."
Bonnie thought Frankie's opinion of himself was too high. Since Andreas was the prince of Zudale, Frankie could not send the prince back to his country.
'Frankie will piss his pants when he learns about Andreas's real identity.'
Frankie noticed Bonnie's silence and thought the duo dared not go against him. He became even cockier, saying, "Why aren't you guys saying anything. You must be scared because of what I said."
When he flipped the duo off, Bonnie suddenly grabbed his collar. Frankie felt her strength as she nearly lifted him off the ground. He gulped in a panic and stammered, "A-Are you going to hit me?! W-We're on campus grounds, and you can't do whatever you want. If you hit me, I'll report you to the university president immediately!"
Bonnie grinned with a hint of mockery in her eyes.
###Chapter 867
"I thought you asked me to hit you. Are you chickening out, Frankie?"
He did not know how to retort since he had urged Bonnie and Andreas to hit him. After some thought, he said, "I don't care what you say. It's wrong to hit people!"
Bonnie pulled him closer and stared at him imposingly. "So, do you think you can make fun of people and pick fights for fun? Did I hit or insult you in any way?" "Um, you can't-" Frankie did not know what to say.
Bonnie scoffed when she noticed his inability to respond. She said, "If you have nothing to say, shut your mouth."
Then, she shoved him away. Frankie staggered backward before finally finding his footing. A moment later, he saw his classmates staring at him mockingly, as if he was useless because Bonnie had overpowered him.
Frankie was furious, thinking, 'I can't let it end like this!'
He taunted her again, "Everyone knows you don't have the guts to hit me. You're bluffing! Hmph, I thought you were tough, but you're nothing! What a waste of my time!"
Bonnie remained unfazed and even laughed. She said, "The university observes strict rules on campus. Only dishonest and unscrupulous students like you can hit someone. We're different from you, Frankie." He snorted and argued, "You can't hit me, Bonnie. Since that's the case, you're trying to hurt me with words. You've achieved nothing!"
Bonnie grinned. "Heh, you're right. I can't teach you a lesson by hitting you, but I can't say the same about your dad. I'll call and tell him about your arrogance. We'll see what he does to you."
A moment later, she took her phone and called Corbin. The mention of him unnerved Frankie, and a trace of panic flashed in his eyes.
'The last time I exposed Bonnie's wrongdoings in the meeting, Dad punched me. He even warned me to stop harassing her, or he'd make me regret it. Although I agreed back then, I got angrier the more I thought about it.
'I only told him the truth. He can't stop me from doing that, right? Also, why must I tolerate Bonnie constantly getting her way? Will the professors continue to side with her because of her good grades? They can't remove everyone's freedom of speech over that!'
Frankie did not care what others said. He would not tolerate Bonnie's bad habits-not even his father could change that.
Suddenly, the fierce-looking Corbin entered. It just so happened he was in the middle of his lecture in the neighboring lecture hall. When he received Bonnie's call, he knew his son was up to no good. Corbin questioned angrily, "What the hell did you do now, Frankie?!"
###Chapter 868
Frankie had prepared himself for his father's scolding. When he saw his father, he immediately blamed Bonnie and Andreas. He explained everything to Corbin, "I didn't do anything, Dad! They started a fight with me! Andreas almost hit me, and..."
Corbin was furious as his son taunted Bonnie and the Zudalish prince. The former gritted his teeth and strode toward Frankie. Corbin slapped his son and scolded, "You're such an idiot! Do you even know what you're doing?!
"Apologize to them now and admit your mistakes! Tell them you'll never trouble them again!"
Frankie's cheek stung as he regained his senses. His eyes widened in disbelief when he realized what his father said. Frankie argued, "I didn't do anything wrong, Dad. Why should I apologize to them?" "I won't repeat myself, Frankie. Are you going to do as I said, or not?!" Corbin was so mad that his neck turned red.
Frankie was terrified of his father whenever the latter got mad. Still, the former held his head high and met his father's furious glare. "I did nothing wrong, so good luck making me apologize!"
Smack! Smack!
Corbin slapped his son several more times. "You're a waste of space! I wasted my time raising an idiot like you!"
He did not hold back when slapping his son, causing Frankie to yelp in pain, "Ah, that hurts! You smacked me so hard! Why would you do that?! I didn't do anything!"
"Hmph, you still don't realize what you've done, huh?" Corbin sighed, barely containing his anger. After finally composing himself, he said, "Since you insist on treating Bonnie so poorly, I'll expel you from the university. You can reflect on your mistakes at home, Frankie!"
Frankie never expected his father to be so ruthless, all because the latter wanted Frankie to apologize to Bonnie and Andreas.
Frankie was furious as he stared at the duo. "Dad, although Bonnie has good grades, you don't have to-"
Before he could finish, his father interjected, "Will you apologize to them? If not, pack your things and go home now!"
Frankie realized he could not turn the tide when he saw his father's grim expression. Frankie could only do as his father said. "Fine, I'll apologize! Will that please you?!"
Corbin grabbed his son's collar and pulled him to Bonnie and Andreas. "Apologize now!"
The next moment, Corbin grabbed his son's collar and brought him to Bonnie and Prince Andreas.
Frankie said through gritted teeth, "I. Am. Sorry."
Corbin was displeased with his son's attitude. "Was that supposed to be an apology? It looks like you'll-"
Suddenly, Bonnie interrupted, "All right, that's enough. You'll have to take your son home and teach him some manners. He can return to the university once you fix him."
She did not spare Frankie out of kindness but instead for the university. After all, it would affect the university's reputation if this situation got out of hand.
Corbin nodded and said, "Understood. I'll send him home and make some adjustments to his manners. He'll be polite and well-behaved once he returns."
Immediately after, he dragged his son out of the lecture hall. Frankie turned and glared at Bonnie as he reached the door. Naturally, he was displeased with how things had turned out. Meanwhile, Bonnie did not want to waste any more time on him. She turned away and looked at Andreas, saying, "Let's go."
"All right," Andreas replied, glaring back at Frankie before following Bonnie out of the lecture hall.
###Chapter 869
Once outside, Andreas gave Bonnie a thumbs up and said, "I never noticed how well you teach others a lesson. You didn't even have to do it yourself. Instead, you called his dad and had utter control over him."
Bonnie turned to him, saying, "Do you think that was a big deal? You don't know the half of it, Andreas."
A hint of gloominess flashed across Andreas's eyes. "If only I could always stay with you in Pyralis. Then, I'd be a part of your life and know everything that happens around you."
Suddenly, something occurred to him, and his eyes sparkled. "It doesn't matter. We'll always be together once you become my princess and return with me to Zudale."
Bonnie felt a headache coming on when he mentioned the word princess. "Yeah, about that. I think it's-"
Andreas cut her off when he realized she was about to say something he did not want to hear, "I think the professor wants us to go to the lab for his lecture. Let's hurry, or we'll be late."
Bonnie knew he changed the topic on purpose. She could only shake her head and drop it. That said, she had to resolve it instead of stall.
'Maybe I'll tell Andreas how I truly feel this Friday night. I'll end things with him once and for all.'
Friday arrived in the blink of an eye. Bonnie was reviewing some documents in the lecture hall when her phone buzzed. She looked over and saw a text from Andreas. "I have something to attend and won't attend classes today. Make sure you're there at five."
His following message was the address of the rose garden. It would be a romantic spot, and he had skipped classes to make preparations.
Bonnie thought, 'I felt something was up when Andreas first asked me to meet. His texts only confirmed my suspicions. It's my first time dealing with something like this, and I don't know what to do.' Although she genuinely did not want to go, she had promised Andreas she would. It would be unseemly for her to stand him up. Meanwhile, she also wondered how many people he would invite. If people were present, it would be challenging for her to reject him.
The more Bonnie thought about it, the more stressed she felt. Her expression showed that she was distressed. She would rather conduct ten research projects simultaneously than be tortured by such a scenario.
Avril walked past Bonnie and noticed the latter's tense expression. Avril could not help but ask, "What's wrong, Bonnie?"
Bonnie was about to say something when her eyes twitched. She felt like it would never stop.
Avril noticed it and asked again, concerned, "Did something get in your eyes? Do you need me to blow at them?"
Bonnie sighed before looking at Avril, saying, "It's not dust. My eyes are twitching, and I don't know why. I feel like something terrible is about to happen."
###Chapter 870
Avril sighed and smiled. "When did you become so superstitious? That eyelid-twitching thing isn't scientific. There's a chance you strained them. You'll feel better after some rest." Typically, Bonnie would not be so superstitious, but what happened with Andreas had thrown her for a loop. She had a sinking feeling in her gut, too. No matter what she did, she could not help but feel something terrible would happen.
She recomposed herself and rubbed her eyes again before responding to Avril, "It's better to believe in such things than let it surprise me. Sometimes, not even science can explain everything." Suddenly, Bonnie gleamed as she thought of something.
"Avril, do you have time this afternoon? Can you come with me?"
"I'll always make time for you," Avril replied. Then, she realized Bonnie looked somewhat worked up and could not help but ask, "Where are we going? Is it someplace dangerous? If that's the case, I'll have to decline.
"Not only will I be useless, but I'll also get in the way. Your enemies will use me as a ball and chain."
Bonnie was astounded when she heard Avril's dramatic words. The former questioned, "Do you think I'd bring you somewhere dangerous when I know you can't fight?"
Avril chuckled before darting at Bonnie and taking her arm. "It was just a joke. I didn't mean what I said."
Then, she asked, "Now, will you tell me where you're taking me? I need to prepare myself mentally before we go."
Bonnie did not bother keeping the truth from her friend. She then gave Avril a brief rundown of what Andreas had said.
Avril's eyes widened. "Damn! Do you think he'll propose to you?! Th-then, what about Ivor? What'll happen if he hears about this? I can imagine how furious he'll be when that happens!" Bonnie helplessly sighed. "That's what I'm worried about. We can't let Ivor find out, or it'll be disastrous for me! Also, I plan to tell Andreas the truth and hope he gives up on me for good." Avril also sighed, saying, "Andreas is a prince. You'll wreck him when you reject his love for you. I don't want to know how heartbroken he'll be. Ugh, I can't help but feel sorry for him."
"Then, what do you think I should do? Do I tell Andreas the truth or wait to bear Ivor's rage when he finds out what's happening?"
After some thought, Avril said, "You should tell Andreas the truth. Ivor's anger is so horrifying that I think breaking Andreas's heart is better."
"That settles it." Bonnie did not want to make herself more anxious and was content with her decision. "I'll deal with it by telling Andreas how I feel. Then, the whole thing will end once he returns to Zudale. You know I'm counting on you to keep this a secret from Ivor, right?"
"Of course I do, but there's something I don't understand," Avril said as she sat beside Bonnie, "Why don't you solve it yourself instead of asking me to go with you? Aren't you worried I'll be the third wheel?" Bonnie nodded. "Exactly! I'm depending on you to be just that."
###Chapter 871
"Oh, damn it, Bonnie! Why would you do that to me?!" Avril complained.
"Since I already know Andreas will propose to me, how will he interpret me going there alone? Also, having you around is helpful just in case Ivor finds out what's happening. You can help by explaining things to him. I can't get him to believe me if you're not there."
Bonnie patted Avril's shoulder and added, "Do you understand how vital you are now? You have a daunting task ahead, Avril."
Avril stood upright and said solemnly, "Leave it to me, Bonnie! I won't let you down. I'll be the best third-wheeler in the prince's proposal!"
Andreas's team decorated the whole rose garden with tons of balloons and lights in anticipation of his proposal. Andreas wore the royal attire he brought from Zudale to show his seriousness. He wanted to show his future consort how grand and solemn he was.
At that moment, he held a bouquet of fresh roses and stood at the heart of the garden. Occasionally, he would crane his neck and look toward the gate. He was so nervous that his palms began to sweat. Ivor stood beside Andreas and noticed how nervous and eager he was. The former could not help but tease the prince, "Would you relax a little? Don't be so nervous."
Andreas looked at Ivor sideways, exasperated. "Wouldn't you be nervous if you proposed to the one you loved?"
Ivor looked at the prince from head to toe. Andreas looked distinct as a foreigner. His features were defined, and his green eyes were profound. Moreover, Andreas wore a prince's attire, looking like a movie
star.
'Is he serious? Why would someone as handsome as Andreas feel nervous?'
With that in mind, Ivor chuckled and said, "Your Highness, you're handsome. I'm sure countless women have tried to win your heart. That said, you're supposed to be accustomed to such things. Why are you so nervous?"
"It's different when I'm the one trying to win a woman's heart instead. How can you compare these vastly different scenarios?" Andreas said as he thought of Bonnie. "Also, you don't know how incredible this girl is.
"She's the most badass girl in the universe, too. I believe everyone will agree with me on that. That's why I fear I'm not good enough for her."
Ivor did not expect Andreas to have such high praises for the woman. A hint of surprise flashed in Ivor's eyes as he said, "That's interesting. Just what kind of woman could garner such admiration from you?" Since Andreas was a prince, he must have experienced ordinary things and honed his insight. That said, the woman he praised so much must be incredibly talented.
Ivor thought, 'Of all the people I've met, Bonnie is the only one who can pull off such a stunt. I'm curious about the girl Andreas has fallen in love with. I wonder how she compares to Bonnie.'
###Chapter 872
"You'll find out soon enough, Ivor." Andreas wanted to tell Ivor he also knew the girl in question. However, the former did not want to ruin the surprise. After all, Bonnie would soon arrive. Ivor smiled and shook his head. "So, you're keeping it a mystery?"
"I've never stopped thinking about her, Ivor. Of course, I can keep it a mystery." Andreas felt proud whenever he mentioned Bonnie because she was an incredible woman. He felt lucky to meet her and go through hardships together all those years ago.
'If we never met, our story wouldn't have begun. I feel nothing but warmth whenever I remember our experiences in the jungle. We encountered many dangers, and I even got hurt for Bonnie.'
Ivor saw himself in Andreas. The former remembered looking like Andreas when proposing to Bonnie. Ivor said, "Here's to wishing everything goes well for your proposal, Your Highness."
'Now that I think about it, I'm starting to see things from Andreas's perspective. He's nervous because he's about to propose to the one he loves the most.'
With that in mind, Ivor recalled something and looked at the prince. "Wait, I thought you told me you two have loved each other for a long time. If that's the case, why are you so nervous? You don't have a reason to be nervous at all."
Although Andreas had fantasized about everything sweet and loving between Bonnie and himself, he was not about to tell Ivor anything. So, Andreas avoided answering that question. Instead, he said, "I-I just am, all right?! Th-there's a personal sentiment I can't put into words."
After some thought, Ivor nodded and said, "I guess you're right."
Andreas nodded back. "Yeah, that's it."
They waited for the woman in question to appear when their conversation ended. When the clock struck five in the evening, the duo saw two figures outside the rose garden.
Andreas was the first to see them. He said excitedly, "Th-there she is! She's finally here! She didn't lie to me!"
Ivor turned to look and was stunned when he saw the two figures drawing nearer. He wondered why one of them looked a lot like Bonnie.
Immediately after, he decided that was not the case.
'Am I supposed to believe Bonnie is the woman Andreas wants to propose to? That's impossible. What are the odds it's Bonnie? Also, she already told me she and Andreas are just friends. I must miss her so much that I see her everywhere.'
As Ivor was in his thoughts, Bonnie and Avril drew closer, allowing him to see who they actually were. Ivor thought he was hallucinating earlier, but it soon became evident that it was indeed Bonnie. He squinted, thinking, 'Why is Bonnie here? What's she doing?'
Bonnie stared ahead when she sensed someone staring at her.
###Chapter 873
Bonnie froze when she saw Ivor.
'Wait, what?! What's happening?!'
Ivor noticed his fiancee staring at him and stared back at her curiously. Bonnie could not move, while Andreas had yet to realize the couple was staring at each other awkwardly.
The prince smiled and approached Bonnie. He then got on one knee and presented her with a bouquet of roses with a diamond ring in the middle.
"Bonnie, you promised to be my consort, but I never proposed. So, I'm doing it today in this rose garden. I hope you know the severity of my love for you. I want you to come to Zudale with me and be my princess there."
Ivor heard everything, and the fury in his eyes burned brighter every second. Even the veins on his forehead became apparent.
Meanwhile, Avril's eyes widened in shock as she stood behind Bonnie. Then, the former looked between Bonnie, Andreas, and Ivor.
'Wh-what in the hell is happening?! I didn't expect Ivor to be right there! Prince Andreas is hard enough to deal with, yet Ivor's here, too! He's even harder to handle than the prince, especially since Ivor is Bonnie's fiance. I can just imagine how horrible this looks.'
Things had gotten out of hand, and Avril was just an outsider. Even so, she felt suffocated and was unsure how Bonnie would handle the situation.
With that in mind, Avril could only look at Bonnie, only to see the latter freeze.
'Bonnie has always looked calm and collected. I've never seen her so dumbfounded. Nothing could faze Bonnie like this. That said, I see helplessness and powerlessness in her eyes. Who wouldn't feel that way in this situation?
'If I were in her shoes, I'd jump off the nearest river.' The last part of Avril's thoughts mirrored Bonnie's.
She knew Andreas would propose when he first invited her here. However, she did not expect Ivor to be there, too. Worse, Ivor saw everything. Bonnie dared not look into Ivor's eyes but had to face him. After all, fleeing would solve nothing.
Bonnie sighed and gathered her courage to look at Ivor.
At that moment, Andreas asked, "Are you worried I won't shower you with love once we return to Zudale? I understand your concerns, Bonnie. Also, Pyralis and Zudale are far from each other."
He noticed Bonnie's lack of response and continued to confess his love for her. Then, he raised a hand and swore, "I swear on my status as a prince to love you for the rest of our lives. I'll never be unfaithful. "If I break my oath, my royal family will disown me and demote me to a commoner. Then, I can never use my family's resources or return to the palace. I'll also transfer all my properties and wealth to you, Bonnie. Please marry me and return to Zudale with me as my princess."
###Chapter 874
For Andreas, giving up his title as prince and never returning to the palace was the harshest punishment he could think of. He hoped it was enough to convince Bonnie to return with him to Zudale. Still, she was not interested in anything he said. After all, Ivor stared at her before turning to leave. Bonnie saw the disappointment and pain in his eyes, too. Ivor looked heartbroken, and she could feel his desolation.
Shock and panic flashed in Bonnie's eyes as she raced toward him. "Ivor, wait! Hold on!"
That was the first time Ivor had ignored her cries. He did not even turn to look at her. Instead, he marched to the gate and drove off.
Bonnie quickly entered her car and chased after him. The two cars sped off, leaving Andreas in the rose garden, holding the bouquet of roses as the wind blew.
He looked bewildered and helpless as he muttered, "Wh-what just happened? Why didn't Bonnie respond to my proposal and take off after Ivor?"
Simultaneously, he had a hunch about Ivor and Bonnie's relationship. That said, he refused to believe it and chose to ignore it. Instead, he shielded himself from it.
Meanwhile, Avril looked at him sympathetically when she heard his mutterings. She slowly approached the prince and patted his shoulder, saying, "Don't let it bother you, Your Highness. It'll be over soon." Andreas's grip on the roses tightened as he sighed and turned to face Avril. He gathered his courage and asked, "What in the world is happening between those two? What's their relationship?"
Avril sighed helplessly. "Don't you have a pretty good idea about it, Your Highness? They've been together for a while and are even engaged now."
"They're engaged?!" Andreas wobbled. It seemed it was hard for him to digest such a revelation. "D-Did they get engaged long ago?"
"Yeah, they have been."
Avril knew it was cruel to tell Andreas the truth because it would destroy him. However, he had to know, especially since they could not keep it from him forever.
'Bonnie was right. We should come clean and hurt Andreas now instead of lying to him. That would only hurt him more.'
"If Bonnie is engaged to Ivor, why didn't she tell me? Then, it wouldn't hurt this much," Andreas said as he turned to look around at the decorations. He had put much effort in for Bonnie, and they were supposed to have a sweet moment.
"Of course, she didn't tell you, Your Highness. Bonnie considers you a good friend, and you traveled so far to get here. She knew you'd be heartbroken if she outright rejected you. That's why she has been waiting for the right time to tell you about it.
"No one expecting things to turn out this way, Your Highness," Avril said with concern in her eyes.
Andreas added, "Ivor must be pretty upset now, huh? I wonder how Bonnie will handle it. What can we do if she can't soothe him?"
Although he felt depressed, he did not want to put Bonnie in a difficult position. After hearing Avril's words, Andreas could not help but feel worried. He said, "Maybe we should go after them. It won't be good if they argue."
###Chapter 875
"I don't think Ivor will get too mad at Bonnie." Avril thought about how much he doted on Bonnie and knew he would rather get hurt for her than hurt her.
That said, Avril had no time to explain it to Andreas. Instead, she said, "Let's forget about it. We shouldn't chase after them. Let them work it out. We'll worsen things if we're there."
"Hmm." It was evident Andreas felt defeated. He held the bouquet and hung his head. He looked pitiful, like a dog abandoned by its master.
Avril felt sorry for him. Hence, she suggested, "You don't look so good, Your Highness. How about we hang out and have some fun? It'll help take your mind off things."
Andreas sighed heavily, saying, "Forget it. I don't feel like going anywhere and hanging out with anyone now."
Avril urged, "Being down is the only reason you need to have fun. Come on, it'll help you forget the pain faster."
Before he could reject her offer, she took his hand and led him out of the garden. "Come on, I'll take you out for some local cuisine. That should distract you enough." Since Andreas could not argue, he helplessly agreed, "Fine, I'll come with you. Stop pulling me."
Bonnie honked relentlessly as she looked at the Maybach before her car.
Beep beep beep!
"Stop the car, Ivor! Hey, do you hear me?!" Bonnie realized it was drizzling outside. Worse, it might storm soon, which would make the road slippery.
Considering how Ivor drove, he could crash. The more she thought about it, the more worried she became. She stepped on the gas, intending to catch up. Meanwhile, she continued to honk at Ivor to get his attention.
Beep, beep! Beep! Beep, beep, beep!
However, Ivor was too furious to hear anything besides his boiling blood. The veins on his hands became more apparent as he gripped his steering wheel. His car tore through the road, and he drove recklessly.
Bonnie was anxious and distressed when she noticed Ivor picking up his speed. She exclaimed, "He'll kill himself if this goes on!"
She knew she could not let Ivor drive recklessly. Moreover, they were in a remote area amidst the hills, meaning winding roads were everywhere. It would only take one mistake to break through the guardrails and fly off the mountain.
'I have to stop him!'
Bonnie stepped on the pedal again to try and catch up to Ivor. Soon after, she performed a flawless drift at the upcoming curve and overtook his car. Then, she brought hers to a grinding halt to block his path.
###Chapter 876
Seeing Bonnie's car accelerating up to him out of nowhere, Ivor's eyes narrowed, and he slammed on the brakes.
Screech!
The tires burned against the ground and made an ear-piercing sound. He made sure he hadn't rammed into her car.
He didn't open the car door and get out. In fact, he didn't even look at Bonnie. He just leaned back and frowned.
Bonnie stopped and steadied her car. Realizing Ivor didn't intend to exit the car, she opened her door and stepped outside. Marching over, she smacked the car windows.
"Ivor! Look at me, Ivor! Open the door and let me explain. It's not what you think."
Although Ivor looked like he did not hear her, he clenched his fists. He was at his limit.
'I was stupid to lend the rose garden to Andreas to propose to the woman of his dreams. I even wished him success on his proposal. How hilarious.
'Then, again, who would've thought the prince would propose to my fiancee? None of that is as shocking as Bonnie promising Andreas she would become his princess, though.
'If what Andreas said is true, they love each other. What does that make me? Who am I to her?' The more Ivor thought about it, the more he found himself laughable. Bonnie was still calling out to him outside his car, but he wouldn't respond. Ultimately, she stopped talking and stood beside the Maybach, staring at him wordlessly. The rain started pouring, and she was completely drenched, along with her clothes. They stuck to her body, making her look miserable.
Initially, Ivor was upset. However, the way Bonnie stood in the rain made his heart soften.
The moment he thought about what had happened earlier, he felt suffocated again and couldn't move on from it.
He was wrestling with himself when he saw Bonnie sneezing. Her delicate face paled because she stood in the rain for a long time. Ultimately, Ivor couldn't take it anymore. Opening the car door, he said to her in a deep voice, "Get in!"
She raised her head slowly. Once she was close enough, she dived at him, aimed at his lips, and chomped. The stinging pain made him gasp.
"Ugh..."
Rubbing his lips, he glared at her. "Do you think you're a dog or something?"
###Chapter 877
Leaping into his arms, she asked angrily, "How could you leave me alone? Do you know how fast you were driving earlier? Are you going to end your life like this? Did you do it just so you won't see me again?' 'I just can't imagine what I'm going to do if something really happened to Ivor,' she thought.
"Did you forget that you lied to me in the first place? This would never have happened if you hadn't lied to me."
Ivor could still picture the moment Andreas proposed to Bonnie. It made him angry, but he could not bring himself to push her away. So, he just let her lie on top of him.
She responded hastily, "I can explain it. It's not what you think it is."
His lips twitched in response. A bitter smile crept up his face as he spoke.
"What's there to explain, Bonnie? I could tell that something unusual was going on between you guys when you left the campus side by side. You told me you were just friends. What about now?
"He's proposed to you, for Heaven's sake. How did it come to this? Also, why did you promise to be his princess? If you promised him that, why did you agree to marry me? Who am I to you now? I'll bet I'm jus a-"
Before he could finish, she grabbed his collar and kissed him again. "That's enough. Will you please stop talking and let me explain?"
He met her sincere gaze and stared at her intensely. Then he turned away.
Seeing his response, she realized he refused to look at her. It felt as if someone had stabbed her heart. It was a terrible feeling to experience.
Cupping his face, she forced him to turn and face her. "Look at me, Ivor."
He sighed helplessly and did as she said. He stared at her, saying, "Go ahead and explain yourself."
She took a deep breath and said, "I wanted to tell you about it a long time ago, but I didn't because I know you too well. You might lose your mind with jealousy and do something irrational. "That's why I thought I'd resolve it first. I didn't expect Andreas to invite you to the proposal. Frankly speaking, I planned to tell him about us today, but I didn't even get to do it before you..." She trailed off into silence as Ivor knew the rest of the story.
Looking into her firm eyes, he knew she wasn't lying. That wasn't to say that he didn't feel troubled.
"Well. Andreas said you promised to become his princess. What the hell is going on with that? Did you promise him that?"
At first, she frowned. Then, she recounted the tale to Ivor helplessly. She told him everything from how she met Andreas to how the latter got heavily injured for her sake. She even told Ivor about the fact that the prince proposed to her when he was still suffering from the grave wound.
Ivor nodded. "So, does this mean you only agreed to become his consort because you needed to save Andreas and keep him alive?"
###Chapter 878
"Exactly. It was a critical situation back then. His heart almost stopped beating. He put his life on the line to save mine, after all. That's why I—”
"Stop. I've heard enough." He sounded a little fierce.
She stared at him, puzzled. Then, she looked at the blank expression on his face and became more confused. "Are you mad at me?"
'We've known each other for so long, and this is the first time he has talked to me like this. It hurts. After all, he had always been gentle with me. How could he talk to me so fiercely? It's so different from how he usually is. I don't think anyone could take it!'
"I'm..." He was about to explain himself when he caught the pain in her eyes. She looked like an innocent and lovable deer.
How was he supposed to keep being angry at her when she looked like that? His heart continued to soften until nothing but affection remained.
Ivor could no longer control himself. He pulled her into his arms and said, "I wasn't trying to talk fiercely to you, Bonnie. I was just trying to tell you I understand what you're saying. So, there's no need for you to keep explaining yourself."
At first, she was stunned. Then, she asked, "So, you're not mad at me? Don't you blame me for what happened?"
Her tone sounded more vulnerable and adorable, which further softened his heart.
"I was angry at first, but I never thought about blaming you. It's because it's you, Bonnie. You can do anything you want to me."
With that, Ivor shook his head and smirked. "I never know what to do with you. I think the universe sent you here to torture me. You're like a succubus."
Bonnie didn't know if she should laugh or cry at that moment. Simultaneously, she felt relieved.
'I knew I made the right decision to be with Ivor. I can entrust the rest of my life to him.'
At the thought of it, she held him tighter. "I'm done talking now, Ivor. I just want to say thank you."
"Huh?" He was puzzled. "What are you thanking me for?"
She stared into his eyes profoundly. Suddenly, she grinned and said, "Thank you for coming into my life and treating me so well. You taught me a lot of things, too." Her words moved him. His eyes brimmed with love as he stared at her. "Bonnie..."
"Ivor..."
They gazed at each other affectionately, drawing closer before they started kissing intensely.
It was not long before things turned a little wild. Their clothes ended up on the car floor.
The Maybach shook as it continued to pour outside.
###Chapter 879
The morning shone its first ray into the car. Bonnie opened her eyes slowly.
The next thing she knew, she heard Ivor's charming voice. "You're awake."
Turning her head, she looked at him. He was resting his chin on his hands, looking as leisurely as one could be. She couldn't help but blush at that. "Ahem... You were so tired last night. Why don't you sleep longer and charge your battery?"
He rolled to the side and raised his brow s***. "I'm okay. I wasn't too tired or anything yesterday. Actually, I think it's more tiring for you."
Her face turned a deeper red.
"Are you insinuating that I was too proactive yesterday?"
"Nuh-uh." He pinched her cheeks lovingly. "I know you play by your own rules, but that's what I like about you. I'm just expressing concern."
"Nicely said." Her lips curled into a grin. Then, she lied back down.
"Well, hurry up and drive back home now. I need to take a shower. Otherwise, I won't feel comfortable."
Smiling, he responded, "Okay."
She needed to deal with some matters at the university. So, she went back to her villa in Lenfield Resort, took a bath, and asked him to send her to Pyralis University.
The moment she stepped out of the car, she saw Andreas. It just so happened that he had just arrived at the university, too.
At first, she was stunned. She was about to say something when she felt someone tugging on her arm.
"Bonnie."
She knew what Ivor meant and turned around to look at him, giving him a comforting look.
"I've wanted to put things right with him from the beginning. Now that I ran into him, I can use the opportunity to tell him about my real thoughts."
Then, she paused a little before adding, "Don't worry. We're just friends. Nothing's going to happen between us."
He was still gripping her hand, unwilling to let go. "I'm still worried. Can I come with you?"
"Yeah, but it wouldn't be appropriate for you to be there for the kind of topic we're going to be talking about. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable. Do you think we'll be able to talk openly if that's the case?"
Ivor thought about it and found her analysis to be sound. He slowly let go of her arm.
"Go ahead and talk to him, then. I'll be waiting for you here."
"Okay." She responded. Worried that he might get jealous, she said again, "I have to set things right with him. That's all it is. Don't start having crazy ideas, alright?"
She looked so serious that he couldn't help but chuckle.
"Okay. I believe you."
Feeling better than ever, she tore her gaze away from him and walked toward Andreas.
The prince merely stood where he was. He glanced at her, his eyes filled with some level of excitement.
"D-Did you come to look for me, Bonnie?"
Nodding, she said, "Yeah. There's something we have to talk about, Andreas."
At first, he was happy that she came over and greeted him. After he heard what she said, however, he could guess what she was about to say.
The light in his eyes dimmed immediately. Even his voice emanated a desolate tone.
"W-What do you want to talk to me about? The thing is, I'm in a kind of foul mood right now. So, if you're going to tell me something that'll make me feel worse, why don't you hold it off until after I feel slightly better?"
###Chapter 880
"I think it's safe to say that you know what I'm going to tell you, Andreas. Did you say what you said to run away from the truth?" Bonnie had all but seen through his thought.
Andreas's eyes shifted uneasily, not daring to meet her gaze.
"T-That's not the case."
Shaking her head, she said, "You say that, but what I said is true. You're trying to run away from the truth."
"U-Um..." He was about to say something, but he just couldn't think of anything to say.
In the end, he decided he'd remain quiet. He lowered his head slowly.
'She's right. I'm trying to run away from the truth. I don't want to deal with this if I can, actually. As far as I'm concerned, Bonnie is my future princess, and we're going to spend the rest of our lives together.
'However, his would-be princess is someone else's fiancé. How am I supposed to accept something like this?'
"Listen to me, Andreas. You might be able to run away from the truth for a little while, but you can't do it forever. At the end of the day, you have to face it. Do you think I'm right?"
'He's a simple-minded man. I don't want to hurt him, either. However, I have to make it clear when it comes to relationships. Otherwise, I'll definitely lose him as a friend.'
He heard what she said and decided to muster up his courage. Then, he lifted his head slowly and looked at her.
He was about to say something, but he caught the Maybach from the corner of his eyes. Just like that, the courage he mustered up vanished into thin air.
She noticed that and suggested, "Let's talk in the gazebo instead."
Nodding, he said, "Alright."
Once they arrived at the gazebo, Andreas glanced at her.
She remained quiet, too, waiting for him to speak first.
He broke the silence and asked her the question that had been burning in his chest for the entire night. "Avril told me that you're already engaged to Ivor. Is that true?"
She nodded and said, "That's right."
"She also told me that you guys are getting married next month. Is that true?" The light in his eyes grew dim and there was this throbbing pain in his heart.
She nodded again and said, "It's true."
"B-But, you've agreed to be my princess before you even met him. I knew you first, Bonnie. Why would you agree to marry him? This isn't fair for me at all." He felt sorry for himself and was discontent with her. Instead of responding to him, she stared at him profoundly.
Just as he thought she didn't intend to talk to him anymore, she elbowed his chest.
"Geez, Andreas. Are you honestly bringing this up again? Did it slip your mind that you extorted me when you were on the cusp of dying? That's why I agreed to it in the first place!
"Also, you even led a group of doctors and pressured me into it after you woke up. I simply had no choice but to comply with your request. Do you honestly think I would've made the same decision if I'm allowed other choices?"
"Ahem..." He cleared his throat and turned his head awkwardly, a hint of guilt flashed in his eyes.
She asked, "Do you realize what's the problem here after what I said?"
"I-I'll admit that I did mean to extort you when I did what I did. However, I do love you from the bottom of my heart! Why can't you give me a chance?" He raised his big, innocent eyes and stared at her. However, his expression only gave her a headache.
She sighed. "Geez. I meant it from the bottom of my heart, too."
###Chapter 881
Prince Andreas heard what she said, and the light in his eyes started growing brighter.
"Are you trying to say that you love me from the bottom of your heart as well, Bonnie? I knew it. I know you're just "
"From the bottom of my heart, Andreas, I don't want to marry you."
He fell silent. It felt as if someone splashed him with a bucket of cold water, chilling him to his heart.
'I knew it. I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up just now.'
He slowly composed himself and asked, "I don't think I'm worse than Ivor in any way! Just how much better is he?"
She mulled it over briefly before responding, "We're talking about love here. It's not about who's better. I met him and I liked what I saw. That's it."
Then, he pressed again, "Well, I knew you before he did! So, why didn't you like me when you first saw me?"
'Seriously? How am I supposed to explain it to him? Actually, is there an answer to this kind of question?'
She rolled her eyes, feeling a little impatient.
"The point is. I fell in love with him because there was chemistry between us. There's no way to put it in specific terms, Andreas."
"Well..." He was about to ask more, but she shot him a mean look, which stopped him immediately.
"That's quite enough. Are you done talking? How are you this long-winded? Listen to me. That's the end of this topic. So, stop asking. If you make another peep about this, I'm going to beat you up!" He sighed heavily in response.
'The way I see it, I'd have better luck teaching a monkey about math than explaining how love works to him. There's just no need to go down this topic again.'
Tearing her gaze away from him, she rummaged around in her pouch before pulling out an invitation.
"This is an invitation to our wedding. You have to be there on that day."
He was stunned at first, but he took it in the end. Then he stared at her with resentment.
"I can take it when you turn me down, Bonnie, but you just had to torture me once more. How cold-blooded."
She couldn't be bothered by what he said. Then, something occurred to her, and she said, "Remember to prepare a great wedding gift for me, Prince Andreas. After all, you're a prince. If your gift isn't expensive and grand, then the other guests will make fun of you."
"Is there a shred of humanity left in you?"
"Also, you have to be here when we're holding a party for our future baby. I'm going to text you when the time's right."
"Alright. Fine. I just can't win with you! It looks like you're determined to be with him, and I'm out of it for good. I'm going to give up on you. Is that good enough for you?" He was worried that she might lob another cold-hearted remark at him if he didn't stop her now.
'I was so heartbroken over the past few days. Is she seriously trying to hurt me more? Why can't she show me a little mercy? Gosh. Is there someone more miserable than I am right now?'
That was what she wanted to hear. She wanted him to compromise and give up on her of his own accord. So, she nodded in satisfaction.
"Okay. It's good that you see things this way."
Then, she glanced at the invitation in his hand and reminded him again, "Remember the date and make sure you don't get it wrong! I'm looking forward to seeing you at my wedding ceremony."
He couldn't help but grumble, "Looking forward? The way I see it, you're just trying to make me feel jealous of Ivor... The pain... It never stops coming!
"I guess that's the Bonnie I know. You're the best when it comes to torturing someone, after all."
###Chapter 882
Prince Andreas spoke so softly that Bonnie didn't quite catch what he just said. Turning her ear to him, she asked, "What did you say?"
He came back to his senses and turned around to face her.
"N-Nothing. I was just saying that all I have to do is show up at your wedding ceremony. Is that right?"
She nodded, satisfied. She reached out and patted him on the shoulder.
"That's more like it. You're truly my good friend, Prince Andreas. That's very mature of you."
He pursed his lips and felt a little helpless.
'She knew that I didn't want to be just friends with her. Why would she emphasize the word 'good friend' again, especially with everything that has happened?
'Gah. I can't believe she hurt me again! I'm the most miserable sap in the world right now!'
Bonnie walked toward the Maybach again. Opening the car door, she got into it. The next thing she knew, Ivor reached out and grabbed her arm.
"How did the talk go with Prince Andreas? Is it done?"
She flashed him a confident look.
"I dealt with him myself. Everything's resolved!"
He spoke in an affectionate tone. "You're right. You're the best, Bonnie."
Meeting his affectionate gaze, she could feel her cheeks burning up.
"You've just eased up on it recently, but here you are with your smart mouth again."
"I've said it before, and I'll say it again. I've never had a smart mouth. It's how I truly feel. I don't have a way with sweet, romantic words. Don't you know me well enough to know that?" He said it matter-of- factly.
She couldn't help but twitch her lips. "Are you sure you don't know your way around sweet, romantic words? The way I see it, there's no one better than you at it."
"You misunderstand me, Bonnie. That's not who I am at all." He paused before continuing, "I said what I said because I love you from the bottom of my heart."
If he had said this stuff in the past, she would've found it irritating and corny.
However, they did what they did last night, and they were closer than before. So, she actually found what he said to be sweet.
She didn't let it show. Instead, she merely spoke in a more relaxed tone. "Alright. I have to settle something at the university. So, I've got to go now. If you have something to talk about, then it'll have to wait unti I get back."
He wrapped his arm around her slender waist, unwilling to let go.
"How are you this busy? Can't you just keep me company for just one day?"
Something occurred to her, and she blushed.
"Did it slip your mind that I kept you company for the whole of last night? Is it not enough for you?"
His face was filled with satisfaction when he thought about last night, but he still wasn't willing to let go of her waist.
"Not enough at all. It'll never be enough for me unless you stay with me twenty-four-seven."
She rolled her eyes at him.
"If I do as you say, we won't do anything but stick together like a couple of magnets for the whole day."
"Can we?" He asked earnestly. Obviously, he really wanted what she said to come true.
###Chapter 883
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him again.
"No way in hell! You really know how to indulge in your fantasies, Ivor!" With that, she decided she had wasted enough time.
Opening the car door, she got out and said, "I'm going to my classes now. You should go back to your company and work. We'll talk about it later."
'He's the kind of person who'd ask for a mile when given an inch. So, it's never going to end if I indulge in this topic with him.
'That's why I have to be tough with him. Otherwise, he's not going to let me go to my classes.'
"Fine, then." He agreed to it reluctantly. Then, something popped into his mind and he said, "I'm going to pick you up after your classes, and we're going to my place. I'm going to cook dinner for you. Alright?" Instead of rejecting him, she agreed to it. "Alright. That won't be a problem."
"Great. I'll go off work earlier today, then." His face was filled with warm affection when he smiled.
She felt something stir in her heart when she caught the affection on his face. Her heart was trembling, and her face turned red as well.
"Actually, you don't have to go off work earlier, just to prepare for it. You can pick me up in the afternoon, and we can buy the ingredients and cook together. Things will move faster if there are two of us, after all."
'I can just feel that she's treating me differently, ever since what we did last night. It's the tiniest detail ever, but I can clearly feel the warmth and love emanating from her.'
At the thought of it, his lips curved, further widening his smile.
"Alright. I'm going to pick you up in the afternoon. Then, we'll do everything together."
Just thinking about the shopping and the cooking was enough to make him feel as sweet as nectar.
"Okay." She responded softly. Then, she waved at him. "Alright. I'm leaving for real now. See you in the afternoon."
NOW PLAY YOUR FAVOURITE GAMES ON @
"Ciao." He said. Then, something popped into his mind. "Also, you're very tired from last night. So, take everything easy today. Don't push yourself too hard. Otherwise, you might overwork yourself." The moment he mentioned what happened last night, her face, which had finally returned to normal, looked like it'd blush again.
"Got it. I know about my body better than anyone. I can take care of myself. You've got to stop and go back to your company now. Don't worry about me."
"Alright. Okay. I'll stop and leave for real now." He smiled and tore his gaze away from her.
Looking at Floyd in the driver's seat, he said, "Take me to the company."
"Roger, Mr. Ivor," Floyd responded and brought the car out of there.
She watched as they left before entering the campus.
Just as she stepped into the lecture hall, Avril pulled her to the side. "Hurry up, Bonnie. Give me the scoop." She looked so interested and excited.
Bonnie was caught unawares. A hint of bewilderment traced her face. "Huh? What are you talking about?"
Avril thought she was playing dumb, so she pretended to be upset.
"You know what I mean, and yet you're pretending to be ignorant. Aren't we best friends, Bonnie?"
Bonnie was even more confused now. "I honestly have no idea what you're trying to get me to tell you. Why don't you ask me the question already? Why would you beat around the bush?" Then, something popped into her mind. She glanced at Avril, who had that gossipy look about her, and understood what her best friend meant at once.
"Are you asking me about what went down between Ivor and me?"
###Chapter 884
"Exactly!" Avril was so excited to see that Bonnie had finally gotten it right.
"Hurry up and tell how you solved the problem between you and Ivor after Prince Andreas proposed to you! Ivor's face was so scary at the rose garden yesterday. Is he terribly pissed off?"
"Isn't it obvious? What man wouldn't be upset when he saw another man proposing to his fiancé?"
Bonnie couldn't help but recall how Ivor drove dangerously yesterday. It still made her shiver when she thought about it.
'If I hadn't successfully blocked him off on the road, something terrible could've happened.'
"So, how on earth did you guys get over it?" Avril was dying of curiosity. She wasn't going to quit until she learned the truth.
Hearing what Avril said reminded Bonnie of what she did with Ivor last night. Her face turned red, and she felt very uneasy now. "W-Well, I explained everything to him. That's how we resolved the misunderstanding and patched up."
Avril was frozen where she stood.
"Are you sure you guys patched up that easily? Didn't Ivor say anything? For that matter, didn't you have to do something?"
'After all, Ivor looked so infuriated at the rose garden yesterday that he could've destroyed everything in the vicinity. Now Bonnie's trying to pass it off like it's no big deal. Why don't I believe her, I wonder?'
"Not really. I mean, it's a misunderstanding, and we communicated with each other. So, that's that. What was there to talk or do about?" Bonnie said.
'Am I supposed to tell her every detail about what I did with Ivor last night? I'm trying to keep things vague and get it over with.'
"Really?" Avril squinted and scanned her from head to toe inquisitively.
C
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
All of a sudden, she saw a deep colored mark on Bonnie's neck, and a smile formed on her face.
"I knew it. Things weren't so uneventful. Look at you, Bonnie. You're trying to keep me from the truth, but I found out about it by myself."
Noticing Avril's gaze on her neck, Bonnie checked her reflection. Then, she saw the deep colored mark on her neck and smiled awkwardly at once. "Tee-hee..." Avril saw it and blinked at her flirtatiously. "Tell me, was it exciting last night? Did you do anything necessary to soothe him?" Listening to what Avril said made her face turn red.
"Will you please knock it off?"
"What's wrong? Are you going to tell me that you guys didn't do it?" Avril said and shook Bonnie's arm.
"Who took the lead? Was it you or Ivor? Also-"
"How am I supposed to tell you about something like this? Anyway, I don't have to tell you anything. You'll find out about it when you have a boyfriend."
"B-But, I'm very curious. Come on, tell me. Give me the juicy bits," Avril said in a cute voice and shook Bonnie's arm relentlessly.
"I can't tell you about it. I mean it." Bonnie's face turned red. She chose not to answer Avril.
'I know it's only normal that she's very curious about it. After all, she didn't have any sexual experience. However, it's just impossible for me to talk about this with her. There's no way.' "Come on, tell me." Avril was still holding her arm tightly.
###Chapter 885
"I honestly can't tell you about it. Stop pushing me." Bonnie was having a headache because this was the first time she had known how difficult Avril could be.
On the other hand, Avril realized Bonnie was really troubled. So, she decided she wouldn't push her any further.
"Fine, then. Since you put it that way, I'll stop asking."
'Anyway, I'm asking about it out of curiosity. Also, I just wanted to mess with her a little. It's not like I'll lose sleep if she doesn't tell me about it.'
Bonnie let out a sigh of relief. "Okay."
Then, she diverted the topic. "If memory serves me right, there's a club activity today. We have to prepare quite a number of things. You can give me a hand with it."
"Sure thing." Avril took Bonnie's arms in hers and followed to the club.
A moment after they left, Andreas came out of a corner not far from where they stood. He watched as they walked away, a hint of sorrow traced his face.
His royal guard, who stood next to him, couldn't help but ask, "I don't get it, Your Highness. If you love Ms. Bonnie this much, why won't you stay and spend more time with her?" Actually, he was a little confused when the prince asked him to get the private jet ready by today.
'The private jet is ready to take off anytime. Prince Andreas could leave at any given moment. From the looks of it, however, he's very reluctant to leave this place. To be more accurate, he's reluctant to leave Bonnie.
'It confuses me. Why would he decide to leave this country when he clearly couldn't bear to part with her?'
Andreas couldn't help but sigh heavily. "Bonnie taught me something. Loving someone doesn't mean we have to get them for ourselves. All that matters is that we know that they're living a happy and blissful life. That's all there is to it.
"Needless to say, things didn't turn out the way I wanted them to, but that's okay. All that matters is that she's happy. I'm fine with whatever I can get.
С
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
"Also, I'm choosing to return to Zudale now because I need to pick myself back up and recover from this. I'll be a changed man the next time I see her. Hopefully, I'll have become more incredible by then. "I might not be able to become her husband. However, I want to be the kind of man who deserves to stand next to her, even if I'll be doing so as a friend."
The royal guard hadn't the foggiest idea what the prince was talking about.
"Huh? Recover? What do you mean by that, Your Highness? You're not injured at all, though."
Andreas was speechless at that. "Just shut up if you don't get it! Pack up my stuff while you're at it. We're going back to Zudale soon."
He was feeling rather melancholic a second ago. However, the dense royal guard managed to cheer him up a little.
'Seriously, though. He managed to make me feel much better. I don't feel down in the dumps anymore.'
"As you wish, Your Highness." The royal guard responded and went away to do his bidding.
Andreas took a look at where he last saw Bonnie before tearing his gaze away and smiling. 'Farewell, my princess.'
On the other hand, Bonnie was packing up her stuff when her right eyelid was twitching like crazy again.
Realizing it, she couldn't help but stop what she was doing. Her brows furrowed as well.
"What's going on here? Is something bad going to happen again?"
'With that said, everything's swell between me and Ivor. So, what kind of bad thing could happen now?'
###Chapter 886
Avril heard Bonnie's mumblings and couldn't help but ask curiously, "What did you say, Bonnie? Is something out of order?" Raising her hand, Bonnie touched her twitching eyelid. "It's nothing. It's just my right eyelid twitching like crazy again."
Avril couldn't help but feel nervous as well.
"Your right eyelid was also twitching like this when Prince Andreas proposed to you and Ivor found out about it. Do you think this means that something bad's going to happen again?"
Bonnie frowned in response. She was about to say something when her phone started buzzing.
It was Reece calling her. Answering his call, she asked, "What's the matter, Reece?"
"I'm sorry to be bothering you, Ms. Bonnie. Is this a good time to talk on the phone?"
"I can talk. Just tell me what's going on." She couldn't help but guess what this call was about,
'My right eyelid was twitching like crazy before he called. Could it be that it's related to the university?'
She was still in the middle of her thought when she heard his voice from the other end of the phone.
"Here's the thing. The prince of Zudale is an exchange student at our university. He applied to the university to be transferred back to his previous university.
"We've been watching the security camera and confirmed that he has boarded his private plane. He's probably on his way back to his country now. Furthermore, he left you something, too. He asked us to make sure that you get it."
Pursing her lips, she couldn't put words to what she was feeling now.
'It looks like Prince Andreas is really hurt over my rejection of his proposal. He couldn't even tell me about it before he took a flight back to Zudale.
'Given how things are now, though, I can't think of any way to make it better. There's nothing we can do but let things run their course.'
"Do you have it with you now? I'll get it from you immediately."
C
NOW PLAY YOUR FAVOURITE GAMES ON
EPICPLA
"Yeah. I have it. I'm going to wait for you outside your office."
"That works for me. I appreciate it, Reece." She hung up, turned around, and looked at Avril. "I have to attend to some matters. I'm letting you take over here." Avril wasn't standing near Bonnie. So, she could only hear what Bonnie said, but she was oblivious to what Reece said.
Judging by what Bonnie said, she deduced the latest turn of events and tried to probe the former. "Did Prince Andreas leave?"
"Mm-hmm. He left me something. So, I want to take a look at it," Bonnie said and glanced at Avril. "That's why I'll have to let you take over the club activities." Avril waved her hand and said, "It's alright. There isn't much left to do, anyway. Leave it to me and do what you have to do."
"Okay," Bonnie responded and strolled toward the president's office.
Once she was there, she saw Reece, who was waiting outside the office.
"Hey, Reece."
He heard her voice and turned around. Looking at Bonnie, who wasn't standing far away, he jogged over and gave her the envelope with both hands. "This is what Prince Andreas left for you, Ms. Bonnie."
Taking the envelope from him, she said, "Thanks for coming all the way, Reece."
"It's a small matter, Ms. Bonnie. What's with the formality? It's my honor to serve you."
'It might've been an insignificant errand, but I'm more than willing to do it for her.'
###Chapter 887
'After all, Bonnie is Ms. Bonita. Running an errand for Ms. Bonita is something that fills me with pride.'
"I appreciate it." Bonnie thanked Reece again before she walked into her office with the envelope in her hand. "I'm going to see what's in here. Go ahead and do your work."
"Got it, Ms. Bonnie." Now that he had finished his task, he didn't have to say anything else. Instead, he trotted off happily.
Closing the door, she walked over to the chair and sat down. Then, she opened the envelope Prince Andreas left her.
She pulled a piece of paper out of it and looked at it. It was a drawing of a sad man. Something was written in the bottom left corner.
"Goodbye, my princess. I'm going back to my country to lick my wounds."
She felt pretty solemn when she sat down and opened the envelope a minute ago. Now that she saw his drawing, she wasn't sure if she should laugh or cry. 'Geez. Prince Andreas might've been childish at times, but he was adorable, too. Judging by the drawing he left me, it's pretty clear that he has moved on from me. 'It looks like we'll be staying friends in the future. There's nothing left to worry about here.'
She looked at the drawing again before pulling out her phone and taking a picture. Then, she sent the picture to him, letting him know that she had read it.
She also sent another text to him. It read, "It's interesting and cute."
Andreas was already back in Zudale by the time he received the text from her.
Reading her text, he couldn't resist chuckling out loud.
'Sigh... She's such an incredible lady. If only she was my princess. What a shame that things didn't turn out that way...'
C
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
In the blink of an eye, it was Valentine's Day.
The top management staff of Pyralis University were disagreeing with a decision. They were arguing about whether they should decorate the university for Valentine's Day.
All of them fought with each other for a long time, but they couldn't come to a conclusion. So, they went to Bonnie and let her make the decision.
They fell into two ranks and faced each other.
"Naturally, we're not going to stop the students from celebrating the occasion themselves. However, decorating the university with a Valentine's Day theme is a little out of line. It'll affect the university as a whole."
"Hear, hear. We're taking care of the students who don't want to celebrate Valentine's Day by not decorating the campus with the relevant theme. After all, not everyone looks forward to Valentine's Day." Now that the first party had said their piece, it was the second party's turn to speak.
"Come on. Look at the day and age we're living in now. The students are all young. Surely, they'll fancy these flashy things. We need to keep up with the time."
"More to the point, we're just putting up decorations on campus. How does that affect our university as a whole? The way I see it, the students are going to appreciate that we decorated the campus for this occasion.
"They'll see that we're humane, thoughtful, and considerate. It's our duty to take care of all aspects of the students' lives. We have to think outside the box sometimes, instead of letting the old ways restrict us." Both of the parties made reasonable points, but none of them were willing to back down. So, they cast their glances at Bonnie.
"What's your take on this, Ms. Bonnie?"
###Chapter 888
Bonnie rubbed her chin before saying, "I think all of you made some good points, but I'm leaning more toward decorating the campus in the Valentine's Day theme. It'll add a layer of joy before the exam. "That said, there's no need to overdo it. A simple gesture will do. That way, we'll be able to take care of different students' needs and prevent them from affecting each other, too."
Some of the top management staff were against the idea of decorating the campus with the Valentine's Day theme. Now that Bonnie said her piece, none of them ed to it anymore.
"If Ms. Bonnie put it that way, then we'll do as she says."
"That's right. We'll do everything she says."
"Okay." She responded faintly. Lowering her head, she checked the time and found that she had to head to the lab soon. So, she raised her head and looked at them. "Is there something else? If that's all, then the meeting is adjourned."
The top management staff shook their heads in unison. "That's all, Ms. Bonnie."
Nodding slightly, she tore her gaze away and left the conference room.
The next day, Bonnie had just arrived at the university gate when she ran into Avril.
Avril ran over, took Bonnie's arms in hers, and asked nosily, "Didn't you say Prince Andreas left you something yesterday? I'm curious. What exactly did he give you?"
"Are you sure you want to know?" Bonnie turned her head sideways and asked.
Avril nodded in response. "Of course I do. I'm so curious, I could die."
Bonnie giggled. Then, she pulled out her phone and showed her friend the picture she snapped yesterday. It was a picture of the prince's drawing.
"Here you go. See for yourself. This is what he left me."
Lowering her head, Avril looked at it. Her lips couldn't help but twitch when she saw the picture. "Is that all?"
Bonnie couldn't help but laugh when she saw the expression on Avril's face. "Bingo."
C
NOW PLAY YOUR
FAVOURITE GAMES ON
"I-Isn't there anything else?" Avril asked with utter disbelief.
'Prince Andreas is a prince of a nation, for heaven's sake. I thought that he'd leave Bonnie something expensive before his departure.
'I never expected him to leave her a drawing, though. Color me surprised.'
"Nope," Bonnie responded, still wearing the grin. "With that said, this is the best parting gift, as far as I'm concerned."
That was because she knew Andreas had moved on from her, which meant they could remain friends.
For a moment there, Avril had no idea how to respond. So, she remained quiet and walked on with Bonnie's arm in hers. Then, she saw it.
There were balloons everywhere on campus. A lot of trees were tied with ribbons too. She couldn't help but gasp.
"Woah! What's the occasion? Why did the university do all these?"
"It's Valentine's Day today. Don't you know that?"
"Valentine's Day?!" Avril pulled out her phone and checked the calendar. "Gee. You're right! I've been single for so long that I'm not even aware of it. Then, she looked at Bonnie, excited.
"Say, did Ivor mention anything about giving you a Valentine's Day gift?"
Bonnie gave it some thought before shaking her head.
"Not at all. He's been quite busy lately. All we did was make video calls, say goodnight, and go to sleep."
"Huh? Video calls?" Avril was surprised. "Aren't you guys living in the same place?"
###Chapter 889
"Nuh-uh." The way Bonnie saw it, staying in her own place was far more comfortable.
Avril sounded dissatisfied when she spoke. "Aren't you guys engaged? For Heaven's sake, you guys even did it. So, why aren't you staying together? It'll make you guys get closer to each other. On top of that, someone would look after you. How good is that?"
"We have different schools of thought. I just do whatever makes me happy." Bonnie didn't have an idea of how to explain to her friend her personal feelings.
Avril nodded in approval. "I guess you're right. What matters is that you're happy."
Both of them were still chatting when they arrived at the lecture hall.
Most of the girls in the classroom had a bouquet of roses in their hands and various gifts on their tables. They were all huddled together and bragging about what they received with a triumphant look on their faces.
'The truth is that I don't really care about Valentine's Day, much less think about how to spend it. However, all the students look so happy. It's proof that I made the right decision yesterday.
'Also, there's something to be learned here. Only by keeping up with the times could we manage the young students more efficiently.'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when she heard some of their mutterings. They were talking about her.
"Eh? If memory serves me right, Bonnie has a lot of good-looking guys around her all the time. Why doesn't she have any gifts now?"
"Perhaps they haven't given her their gifts yet."
"I sure hope she isn't all talk and no action. She might've been confident and boastful normally, but it looks like she didn't get anything on Valentine's Day."
"She seemed to be quite reputable. So, I don't think she's going to go home empty-handed today. Perhaps the gifts merely came late."
Bonnie heard everything they said, but she wasn't fazed at all. 'They can say whatever they want, and it still wouldn't affect me one bit.' However, Avril, who sat next to her and heard it as well, couldn't help but feel upset for her.
"These people just don't know when to quit. They're so bored that they want to see you being made fun of every day!"
Bonnie shrugged nonchalantly. "It's fine. They can say whatever they want. I'm not bothered by it anyway."
"You've got high emotional intelligence, as usual," Avril said with a giggle. Then, something popped into her mind and she added,
"You are the most beautiful girl on campus! On top of that, you're adored by so many good-looking guys. I'm sure you'll receive so many gifts that they take up the entire lecture hall, much less a table. These ladies are going to be so jealous by then!"
"Actually, I don't really care about this, nor do I need people to give me gifts. More to the point, someone will go on a rampage if I accept those gifts."
She caught the professor coming into the lecture hall from the corner of her eyes and said, "Come on. The class is starting now. We've got to focus on it and stop thinking about Valentine's Day."
Avril nodded. "Gotcha."
Everyone in the lecture hall held their breath the entire morning. They were waiting for the good-looking guys on campus to step into the hall and give Bonnie gifts.
However, nobody walked over to her seat at all, much less gave her any gifts.
Everyone saw it and they couldn't help but make fun of her.
"I knew it. Those handsome guys were just fooling around with her. Otherwise, why would none of them give her gifts on a day that's so important?"
I<--
↑
###Chapter 890
The moment someone said that everyone else looked at her mockingly. Then, they began to mutter among themselves and badmouthed Bonnie.
"It's absurd how she has always looked indifferent and conceited. Did she really think she's some kind of big shot?"
"You got that right. She's full of herself all the time. No one could stand how cocky she is!"
"Now that this happened to her, I'm going to make fun of her for this. In the future, I can also remind her about it when she starts acting arrogantly. Let's see if she can still act all high and mighty when I do that. Each of their mutterings was harsher than the last.
Avril couldn't stand it anymore. Just as she was about to stand up to take them down a peg, Bonnie held her hand and pressed it down.
"Remember what I said earlier? I don't care about all of this. Let them say whatever they like."
However, Avril was agitated on her friend's behalf. "You say that, but they're going to spout harsher words if you leave them unchecked."
"It'll be fine. Take a seat and put on your earphones. Then, you won't have to suffer their ramblings." Bonnie didn't wish to waste her time and energy on something like this.
"Come on, Bonnie. They're so mean. Are you sure you can bear with it?" There was no way Avril could do the same thing Bonnie did. She could never turn a deaf ear to what they were saying. For that matter, she couldn't take it when someone talked about her friend this way.
Bonnie looked at her and said leisurely, "Am I right in saying that you think they've stepped over the line and that their words were very awful and infuriating?"
"Exactly! I'm so pissed off that I wish I could tape their mouths shut one by one. That'll teach them to keep their traps shut." Avril couldn't confront and retort them. So, all she could do now was glare at the gossiping ladies.
"Did it ever cross your mind that they're doing this to humiliate and upset me? You would've played right into their hands if you went over there and started fighting with them. They would've succeeded in what they set out to do." Bonnie analyzed the whole thing for Avril.
Then, it hit her. She gave Bonnie a thumbs up.
"Dang! You make such a fine point! If we confront and argue with them about this, it'll mean that we care about what they say. Then, they might just look at us the way they would idiots. In fact, they would've loved seeing us get upset.
"Instead of doing that, remaining quiet is the better alternative here. Let them hurl their insults at someone who didn't give a damn about it. That way, we'll rob them of the fun of doing it."
The more she talked about it, the more sense she saw in what Bonnie said.
"That's the Bonnie I know. Your level of intelligence is one of a kind."
Bonnie pulled her friend down and made her sit. "That's why I always say that silence is the best response. There's no need to say anything. After all, it's not like they'll listen to it."
"I get it now." Avril took her seat. "I'll do as you say and keep my mouth shut."
"Very well," Bonnie responded, lowered her head, and continued to go through her documents.
However, the ladies kept pestering her the way flies would. Their insults grew harsher by the minute. It got so bad that they were starting to accuse her of having a messed up private life. Bonnie merely wore her earphones and flipped through her documents. She didn't hear what they said at all, let alone get mad over it.
Coleman snuck in and hid by the door to peer at Bonnie. Naturally, he heard everything her classmates said about her.
Unable to hold himself back anymore, he clenched his fists and marched into the lecture hall. His tone was cold when he barked at them, "Shut up, all of you!"
The moment everyone saw that he was here, they clamped up at once. After all, he was speaking up for Bonnie.
Only a few of the ladies who sat in the corner were still muttering to each other because they thought he couldn't hear them. They huddled together and whispered, "What's Coleman doing here? Did he make his way here just so he could give Bonnie a Valentine's Day gift?"
"That's probably why he's here... We really shouldn't have said what we just said. "
K
###Chapter 891
"I beg to differ. Look at Coleman's hands. He didn't bring anything with him at all.”
"Eh? I think you're right. If he isn't here to give Bonnie a Valentine's Day gift, then why is he here? Did he come just to speak up for her?"
"Why is it so hard to figure it out? Obviously, he's just here to keep up appearances. He comes from a wealthy family. There's no way he would come empty-handed and not give Bonnie anything on Valentine's Day."
"You make a fine point. I also think he's here just for show."
Bonnie had been wearing a pair of earphones the entire time. Then, she saw Coleman and took it off.
She sounded puzzled when she asked him, "What are you doing here, Coleman?"
He stared at her flawlessly delicate face, and his heart started pounding like crazy.
'How I wish I could prepare a Valentine's Day gift for her and see the excitement on her face. I'd love to get her praise and validation.
'She's just such an incredible lady. What right do I have to be giving her a gift on Valentine's Day? If I do it, I just might lose her as a friend for good...'
The more he thought about it, the more his eyes dimmed. He looked at her with conflicting feelings.
"Bonnie..."
She thought there was something strange about him. "Is something wrong, Coleman?"
He gathered his composure immediately and forced a smile.
"I-It's nothing. I'm just here to tell you that what they said doesn't define you. So, don't let them bother you."
"Oh. Is that why you came here?" Bonnie finally understood. She shrugged at him and said, "You don't have to comfort me over something so insignificant, though. I don't care about what they say." He let out a sigh of relief and said, "T-That's great."
"Yeah." She responded faintly. Coleman went silent, too.
An eerie silence hung over the both of them.
Everyone else in the lecture hall was holding their breath. They were so ready to see how this would unfold. They wanted to see if Coleman would pull out a gift and give it to Bonnie.
He stared at her before tearing his gaze away reluctantly.
"I'm going to leave now, Bonnie. Let me know if anyone picks on you and badmouths you again. I'll be back to teach them a lesson!"
'I might not be able to give her a gift, but I can certainly teach people lessons for her sake.'
She responded with a smile, "I got it. I don't really need you to come all the way here to teach them a lesson, but I'm happy that you made the offer."
'None of these ladies have said anything that triggered me. That's why I left them alone. Otherwise, I would've beaten the crap out of them myself.'
###Chapter 892
"Okay." Cole responded and glanced at Bonnie again.
He didn't have a good reason to stay in the lecture hall anymore. So, he didn't overstay his welcome.
"I'll take my leave, then."
"Okay. See you again." She waved at him.
"Goodbye, Bonnie." He left quickly.
The moment he was gone, everyone in the hall started discussing again.
"Did he seriously just leave without giving her a Valentine's Day gift? I knew it. Coleman was just fooling around with her.
"She's nothing but a joke to me now. How absurd."
"Heh heh heh... No one gave her any gifts today. She had it coming."
All of them raised their voices deliberately, so Bonnie could hear them.
Avril couldn't stand it anymore. She shot up from her seat, gritted her teeth, and pointed at them furiously.
"You guys are the worst!"
"Heh! What makes you think you could lecture us? Did we hurt you as well? Do you not have anyone giving you a Valentine's Day gift?"
"Yeah. Vincent's right. You don't have any gifts either. Obviously, you're not charming at all! Am I right, people?"
Everyone started laughing.
Thud!
A loud noise came out of nowhere.
It turned out Bonnie b*** her table. Then, she stood up and swept her cold, unfeeling eyes across the lecture hall.
All of them felt a chill down their spine and didn't dare to meet her gaze. However, it only lasted a second before they came to their senses. The fact that she b*** her table only served to encourage them to mock her.
"What did you b*** the table for? Are we wrong? Haven't you always crowned yourself as a beautiful lady who's surrounded by a group of good-looking guys? Pray, tell. Why didn't you get a single gift on Valentine's Day?"
"Did our words hurt you? Is that why you're this upset?"
"That makes sense. We must've hurt both her and her friend with what we said. Why else would she be this worked up? Am I right, people?"
"Heh heh heh..." Bonnie couldn't help but sneer, a hint of sarcasm flashed in her eyes.
"Listen to yourselves. Is that how you determine your worth, by seeing if you get any gifts from other people? If that's truly what you think, then you'll have to excuse me for what I'm about to say.
"You guys are the shallowest people I've ever seen. There's nothing left that's worth doing in your lives other than comparing yourselves with other people. What's worse, you are students of Pyralis University, and yet you still have such a trashy mindset.
"I feel sad when I look at you guys because you're proof that mankind has taken a step back in the evolution department."
All of them were so stunned that they were frozen to where they stood or sat. None of them could think of anything to retort to her.
Realizing that no one would speak, she decided she had wasted enough time on them. So, she took a seat and read her document.
Avril gave her a thumbs up. "You might've kept quiet most of the time, but you shock everyone when you do say something! What a perfect comeback! That'll teach them to mess with you!"
'The ladies were only able to spout nonsense arrogantly because Bonnie hadn't said anything. Now that she has finally spoken, they couldn't even make a peep.
'Gosh. It's so liberating seeing these clowns getting stumped by what Bonnie said!'
Bonnie giggled. Reaching out, she patted Avril's arm.
"Alright. That's enough. I need to go through these documents."
Avril nodded. "Alright. Okay. I'll stop talking and leave you to it."
"Great," Bonnie responded. Putting on her earphones, she continued to read the document.
###Chapter 893
Avril thought that her classmates would stop spouting nonsense after Bonnie had taken them down a peg.
Little did she know that they doubled down on it when Bonnie went away to the toilet.
"Tsk! It's actually a simple matter, but she just has to make it sound so deep and meaningful. Did she think she's the only one who's educated and well-read? Do we look like uncivilized apes to her?
"If you ask me, she's just embarrassed and upset that she didn't receive any gift. That's why she shut us up with what she said. She's trying to make us feel bad."
"That's what I thought, too. After all, she has been nothing but cocky all the time about how popular she is. Now, however, she received nothing on Valentine's Day. I'm sure she feels miserable." "She purposely put it that way to mask her real feelings. Don't let her bother us, guys."
"That's right. What she said is meaningless."
Bonnie might've left, but Avril was still sitting in her seat.
Without Bonnie there to stop her, she couldn't hold herself back anymore, especially after she heard the kind of nonsense her classmates were saying.
"Are your lives dry and boring? Meaningless, even? Otherwise, why do you guys keep focusing on other people's lives?
"Have you gotten a handle on your life? What about your grades in university? Are you half as incredible as Bonnie is? All it takes to make you feel proud are the gifts. I swear, I have no idea how your minds work!"
With that, she couldn't help but bolt out of the lecture hall and give Ivor a phone call.
'Bonnie might not mind it, but I just can't let it go. If it's gifts they want, then that's what they're going to get! Let's see if they could act cockily after this!
'I'm going to show them what Bonnie's fiancé is made of. They're going to be so jealous that they'll die on the spot!"
Ivor was surprised when he got a call from Avril.
"Is that you, Avril? Why are you calling me at this time of day? Did something happen to Bonnie?"
Avril responded sternly, "Exactly! Something big happened to her on campus!"
At the next moment, he shot up from his seat and ended the important meeting he was in.
"Speak. What in the world happened?!"
The top management staff in the conference room exchanged glances for a moment. Then, they thought about how Ivor announced on his official Twitter account that he was engaged and smiled deliberately. "As expected, only his fiancé could work him up this much."
"They're a young couple. It's only normal that they feel this strongly for each other. Not even someone as cold and aloof as Ivor is an exception to that rule."
"Sigh. We've all gone through the same stuff. So, we could see where he comes from. Now that he's away to deal with matters concerning his fiancé, all we have to do is wait for him here."
At first, Floyd considered stepping forward to explain the reason his master left so abruptly. However, he heard their conversation and stopped in his tracks.
'This is wonderful. The top management staff understood Ivor's situation. On top of that, they were rooting for Ivor and Bonnie too. I don't think I have to explain anything to them now.'
On the other side, Ivor was listening to Avril explain the entire situation in the hallway. She told him that no one gave Bonnie any gifts and that their classmates were looking down on her.
The longer he listened to her, the gloomier his expression became. By the end of it, his face was terrifying.
Avril's throat was dry from talking this much, her tone brimming with anger.
"You weren't there, Ivor. You have no idea how outrageous our classmates are! They're still badmouthing her as we speak! I'm sure they won't let Bonnie live it down if no one sends her a Valentine's Day gift. "That's why you have to move fast, Ivor! Are you going to stand by and do nothing while they continue to mock her?"
"Got it," Ivor responded briefly and summoned his assistant.
"Floyd."
At the next moment, Floyd showed up in the hallway. "Is there anything you need, Mr. Ivor?"
"I need you to do something for me." He proceeded to relay his borders to Floyd.
Floyd was stunned for a moment before he nodded swiftly. "Alright, Mr. Ivor. Consider it done."
###Chapter 894
Back in the lecture hall, Avril was calmly scrolling her phone while sitting next to Bonnie. Then, she saw something and got so upset that she smacked the table and shot up from her seat. "This is just outrageous!"
At the next moment, a lot of classmates turned their gazes on her. She met their confused stares and realized that she was still in the lecture hall. So, she sat down, embarrassed, before reaching out to tug at Bonnie's sleeves.
"Bonnie. Hey, Bonnie."
On the other hand, Bonnie had her earphones on and was completely engrossed in reading her document. So, she didn't notice Avril. She was still paddling in the sea of knowledge when Avril tugged at her sleeves.
Taking off her earphones, she looked at Avril and asked, puzzled, "What's the matter?"
Avril gnashed her teeth and showed Bonnie her phone.
"Look at them. I swear, they've got no better things to do! They started a topic on the internet, saying that you didn't receive a gift on Valentine's Day! What's worse, there are a bunch of people who blindly listen to them and lob insults at you.
"Seriously, what in the world are they thinking? Is receiving a gift on Valentine's Day something worthy of being proud of? You know what? I can't take it. I have to teach them a lesson on the Internet. Otherwise, they're going to twist the story about you into something horrible!"
'I know I told Ivor about it, but I just can't let it go. These people are just ridiculous. How dare they talk about Bonnie this way? Do they even know how great she is?
'Their so-called achievements don't hold a candle to what Bonnie has done. Just where did they find the guts to belittle her this way?
'I would've told them about her identity as Bonita and given them a good scare if Bonnie had allowed me to do so. They've badmouthed her so much. How would they react to that revelation, I wonder? Let's see if they say anything bad about Bonnie then!'
Bonnie heard what she said and held her hand immediately. Then, she shook her head at her.
"Forget it. They can say whatever they like. Just ignore them. I don't care about it anyway."
"It might not have bothered you, but we can't just sit here. Otherwise, they're going to double down on it and say something even more terrible."
The more Avril thought about it, the angrier she got. At the same time, she was impressed by Bonnie's emotional intelligence. The whole thing had gotten worse, and yet she was still this calm.
"It's okay." Bonnie sounded indifferent. "We don't waste our time, arguing with incompetent fools. All that matters is that we did our best with our lives."
"Ugh... I don't even know how to respond to that."
'I'm pissed off, but Bonnie has said her piece. There's nothing else I can say now.
'Bah! Forget it. I'm not going to intervene anymore!
'In any case, they can only feel good about themselves for a while longer. Ivor's going to make his move, and he's going to make them eat their words soon!'
"It doesn't bother me. So, don't get so upset over it. I don't want you to have any health issues because of the likes of them." Bonnie still looked very calm. Clearly, she wasn't affected by them at all. "You say that, but I'm mad that they talked about you that way." Avril was so upset that her face was all puffed up.
Bonnie found that a little cute and reached out to pinch Avril's cheeks.
"Alright. That's enough. Didn't you say you couldn't level up your character in that mobile game? Hurry up and log on. I'm going to carry you."
That stunned Avril a little. She was pleasantly surprised to hear what Bonnie said.
"A-Aren't you reading your document? Are you sure you have the time to play the game with me?"
'In fact, I wanted to ask her to help me level up my character a long time ago. It's just that she has been extremely busy. So, I didn't even ask her about it. 'I'm so surprised that she's offering to do that now. How exciting."
###Chapter 895
"I can't keep working now, can I? It's good for me to entertain myself once in a while." Bonnie pulled out her phone and booted the game. "Come on. Don't make me play this game by myself." Realizing that Bonnie fully intended to play the game, Avril booted the game on her phone too.
"Alright. Let's do it! Given how fast and proficient you are at the game, I'll bet I could level up my character by 20 levels today."
Smiling, Bonnie said, "That's nothing. I'll bet I could help you level up your character by 50 levels."
"Really? That's wonderful! Come on, let's play." Avril couldn't wait until she powered up her character to be one of the best players in the game. The other players would admire her so much. Seeing that Avril was smiling again, Bonnie couldn't help but grin as well.
'It's a good thing that it's so easy to make her happy.'
Outside the lecture hall, Coleman saw the relieved smile on Bonnie's face and let out a sigh of relief internally.
'I just might've mustered my courage and bought a gift at the mall for her if it seemed like she was bothered by what was going down on the internet.
'Given her character, though, I know she's not going to be bothered by it. Now, I see the truth. She isn't bothered in the least. Actually, that could be why I'm so attracted to her.'
He was still in the middle of his thought when his phone, which was in his pocket, started buzzing.
Pulling it out, he realized it was his mentor, Elliana.
He walked away to somewhere quiet before answering her call. "What's the matter, Ms. Elliana?"
The old lady spoke in a warm, humorous voice. "It's Valentine's Day today. Did you prepare a gift for Bonnie?"
On the other hand, he sounded a little defeated. "Not at all."
That gave her a shock. "Don't you love her? Today's the best day to let her know about your feelings. Why didn't you prepare anything?"
"Well... Bonnie's so far above me. Trust me, I wanted to give her a gift and confess to her, too. However, I don't think I have what it takes to do it yet. I have to attain the same level of achievement as she did before I consider myself her equal.
"Only then will I have enough courage to do anything like that. Furthermore, I believe you know her character well. What am I going to do if she rejects me and stops being friends with me?" Elliana pondered on it and thought he made a fine point. With that said, she still wanted to motivate her apprentice to give it a shot.
"Bonnie is extremely incredible. That much is true. However, how are you supposed to have a chance until you take the lead and do something? You'll regret it big time if someone else acted faster and stole her away from you."
He curled his fingers and wrestled with himself.
'Elliana's right. I want to give it a shot and see what Bonnie thinks of me. However, I wonder if I should do something like this.
'In fact, what's the worst that could happen? She'd reject me. That's all. Should I have given it a try, after all?'
###Chapter 896
Elliana noticed that Coleman had remained quiet for a long time.
She thought he had thought it through. So, she encouraged him further. "I know Bonnie's incredible, but you're no slacker yourself. Be more confident in yourself, Coleman. You should give it a shot. Who knows? You might get a pleasant surprise."
Initially, Coleman had mustered up some courage. However, it vanished as soon as he heard what she said. Then, he thought about Bonnie's identity as Bonita and the courage vanished into thin air like a morning mist underneath the sunlight. In the end, he sighed helplessly.
"Forget it, Ms. Elliana. I'm not good enough."
She heard what he said and got anxious on his behalf.
"Why would you think that of yourself? Moreover, how would you know if it'd work until you've tried it? Seriously. I don't know what I can say to change your mind, Coleman.”
The light in his eyes was dimmed. He even sounded defeated when he spoke. "Bonnie is just too incredible. She's like the sun. Her light is so incandescent that I just don't have the guts to do something like that.
"Like I said, what am I going to do if we can't even remain friends after I give her a gift on Valentine's Day? I can't afford to take this risk."
Elliana could tell that he wasn't sure of himself at all.
'Well, I can understand that. After all, anyone who fell in love with someone as excellent as Bonnie would have this self-doubt.'
That was why she didn't push him further when she saw how difficult it was for him.
"I'm fine with your decision, Coleman. You make the call. However, as your mentor, I feel the need to tell you this. If you take action, then there's a possibility. On the contrary, you won't have any fighting chance if you do nothing. You got that?"
"I'm aware of it, Ms. Elliana." Coleman sighed heavily. "I just can't muster up the courage."
"Alright. Don't overthink it. Just keep doing your best. I know you're going to become Bonnie's equal one day." Elliana was worried that he'd think too much about it. So, she comforted him before hanging up. "I got it, Ms. Elliana." He responded.
Once the call ended, he held the phone, leaned on the wall, and stared off into the distance.
'I understand what Elliana said, but I know all too well how successful Bonnie is. I'm afraid I'll never become her equal in this lifetime.'
After the classes ended in the afternoon, Bonnie and Avril were chatting about the game they had just played while they walked toward the gate.
They had just reached the first floor when she saw a lot of people pointing at her and judging her.
"Look at her, guys. She really doesn't have a single gift with her. How humiliating."
"You're right. She's so pretty that I thought she'd have a mountain of gifts. I'm actually surprised that she didn't get anything. This is hilarious."
"Heh. So, what if she's beautiful? In the end, it's all talk, no action. After all, her reputation is all but ruined at the university. Who would want to be seen with her? She should consider herself lucky that they didn't stay three miles away from her at all times."
"The way I see it, the good-looking guys who were always around her were just fooling around with her. None of them loved her for real."
Avril heard everything they said.
Rolling up her sleeves, she roared at them at the top of her lungs, "Mind your disrespectful tongues! Stop spewing nonsense!"
Once the group saw that she spoke up for Bonnie, they got more excited.
"Are we wrong? Nobody loved her. That's a fact. Otherwise, why would no one give her any gift on Valentine's Day?"
"She's right. We're just telling the truth here. What are you getting worked up for?"
"Sigh. Take a look at Bonnie, everyone. She's so upset that she can't say anything. Let's just stop. Otherwise, we just might make her cry."
Bonnie had remained quiet all the time, but she couldn't help but laugh when she caught the last two remarks.
"Are you guys kindergarteners? Am I supposed to cry because I didn't get a gift? This is hilarious."
What she said stumped all of them. They didn't manage to find their voices until after a long time. Then, they started defending themselves.
###Chapter 897
"How is she laughing at a time like this? Is she trying to hide her pain by laughing it off?"
"I thought so, too. Think about it. She always has a group of good-looking guys around her. Today's Valentine's Day and everyone has a gift. She's the only one who has nothing. Just how sucky is that going to feel?
"However, she's laughing right now. Surely, she's just doing it to hide her pain."
"Should we stop making fun of her, then? I mean, what are we going to do if she suddenly loses her mind?"
"Why, you..." Avril was about to speak up when something caught her eyes. She looked at it in shock.
"Look over there, Bonnie."
She sounded so thrilled that Bonnie wasn't the only one who looked over. Everyone there followed her gaze as well.
The sight was so astounding that their eyes widened, and their jaws dropped.
"L-Look at those luxury cars. There's got to be at least 20 of them! Gosh. What are they doing here? Is the university having some kind of event?"
"These are limited edition Lamborghinis! Actually, I think all of this model's limited editions in the world are gathered here! How majestic. This is beyond awesome. I have to take a picture and put it up on my Twitter account."
"Me too!"
All of them pulled out their phones and snapped a picture of the luxury cars.
At the next moment, the Lamborghinis pulled over by the gate.
The first car's door swung open, and out came a bodyguard dressed in a black suit. There was a gift box in his hands.
The gift box was so exquisite that it took one glance to know it was a high-end gift.
The group of students was gathered together because of Bonnie. Now, they were discussing intensely about the Lamborghini and the bodyguard.
"Whose Valentine's Day gift is this? Does it have to be this grand?"
"I think I would be on cloud nine if I were the girlfriend! Just looking at this grand gesture is enough to make me faint.
"Will the universe please arrange this kind of boyfriend for me?"
"Give it up, lady. You won't find this kind of boyfriend anywhere because they're all already taken."
"I'm very curious. Who in the world are these gifts for? Who could've had such a moneybag for a boyfriend? Hurry up and show yourself!"
All of them were talking amongst themselves when the bodyguard walked past the crowd with the exquisite gift box in his hand and headed straight for Bonnie.
"My boss prepared these gifts for you, Ms. Bonnie. He also said that you haven't been receiving Valentine's Day gifts before you knew him. So, he's making it up for you for every gift you've missed." Realizing that all of these were meant for Bonnie, their eyes widened even more.
Before they could recover from the shock, the bodyguards came out of the luxury cars one by one and brought gifts of all shapes and sizes before her.
"This is your Valentine's Day gift for when you're two years old, Ms. Bonnie."
"This one's for when you're three years old."
"This Valentine's Day gift is for when you're four years old."
All the bodyguards laid the gifts down one by one until all 20 gifts were before her. Then, the 20 bodyguards stood where they were and waited for her to unwrap the gifts.
The lead bodyguard saw that she didn't move, and flashed her a smile before reminding her. "If unwrapping all of them is too troublesome for you, then you can just pick one of them and see what kind of surprise my boss has prepared for you."
###Chapter 898
Bonnie looked at the grand gesture and knew instantly that Ivor was behind this.
Her lips twitched in response to the revelation.
"It's fine. I'm not going to open any one of them. Get them back in the car. I'll unwrap them when I'm back home."
'Ivor loves doting on me. I'm sure the gifts he prepared for me are insanely expensive. There's a crowd here and we're at the university gate. I don't want to draw more attention to myself than I already have. 'With that said, he gave some thoughts to these gifts and sent them to me. So, I can't reject it, either. That's why receiving them and unwrapping them at home is the best course of action here.' "Um..." The head bodyguard looked troubled. "We have our orders. Our employer said you have to unwrap one of the gifts, at least. Otherwise, we won't be able to tell him that we got the job done." Her lips twitched again.
'What on earth is Ivor doing? Why did he insist on me unwrapping one of the gifts?'
She was still confused when she saw the bodyguard, who looked troubled. It seemed like he wasn't going to leave until she did what Ivor wanted.
Flat out of option, she agreed to it. "Fine. I'll just pick one and open it."
'I'll just randomly pick one of them, unwrap it, and send the bodyguard packing.'
She walked over and was about to unwrap one of the gifts when she heard the onlookers. They sounded both sarcastic and curious.
"I've never heard that Bonnie came from a wealthy family. Could it be that she has a loaded boyfriend? Why would there suddenly be 20 Lamborghinis here just to send her gifts? Something smells fishy here." "Is it possible that she did this because of what we said about her? I mean, we posted her story online. She might've spent her own money to rent these cars and hired these bodyguards to send her gifts!"
"If what you said is true, then she's even bigger of an attention w*** than I thought she was!"
Avril realized that the onlookers weren't letting go of Bonnie, even when she received several Valentine's Day gifts.
It got her so mad that she confronted them and barked, "You guys don't even think before you speak. How shameless. You're latching onto Bonnie like a bunch of parasites because she couldn't be bothered to get mad at you. Is that what's going on here?
"Fine. Since you guys are accusing her of renting the limited edition Lamborghini, let me ask you guys a question. Could you guys afford to rent it?"
'She's right! Those are Lamborghinis we're talking about here! All of us are mere students. We wouldn't be able to rent one of those, much less 20 of them.
With that said, feeling guilty didn't mean they weren't going to defend themselves.
One of the onlookers spoke again. "Don't let her intimidate us, everyone. Perhaps she really is putting on an act and feeling guilty about it. That's why she's so worked up. Also, I have reasons to believe that those gift boxes are..."
He was going to claim that they were empty. Before he could finish his sentence, however, he saw Bonnie reaching out and opening the lid of the gift box.
Then, he saw a couple of exquisite emeralds, which emanated elegance underneath the evening sun's brilliant glow.
The onlookers were gaping at it, all of them were at a loss for words.
Avril saw their reactions and praised Ivor internally.
'Ivor's gifts are nothing short of awesome.'
###Chapter 899
'Ivor has done more than enough to make these clowns feel jealous!' Avril thought to herself.
The students stared at the emeralds in the gift box for a long time.
"I-Is that supposed to be authentic emeralds? How much is it worth?"
"Actually, I used to see the same emeralds at a luxury expo! They were contained in a glass case with its price tag. It was worth more than 20 million dollars.
"Meanwhile, the necklace over there is worth 12 million dollars. What's more, gathering enough money isn't the biggest obstacle to buying it. You have to have a gold VIP membership before you can think about buying them!
"This man, whoever he is, managed to give both of them to Bonnie as gifts. Gosh. I can't even imagine just how powerful and prestigious he has to be to pull this off."
"Are you sure they are authentic pieces? Is there a chance it's a counterfeit?"
"Nuh-uh. I'm sure they're the real deal. After all, they're designed by a famous jeweler. You can see his personal stamp as well as the logo. No one can mimic him, too. I looked over it carefully just now. The logos are there."
"Are you trying to tell us that some kind of big shot gave these gifts to Bonnie? If that's real, we can't afford to be on her wrong side!"
They had been eyeing her suspiciously earlier. Now, however, there was nothing but fear in their eyes.
Closing the gift box, Bonnie strolled over to the onlookers leisurely.
Realizing that she was walking toward them, they took a step back. All of them were worried that they might offend her.
She saw their reaction and couldn't help but chuckle.
"Do you guys hate me? Or, did you guys viciously attack me because you were jealous of me? Anyway, I don't care about it. There's a reason I'm still standing before you.
"I want to tell you that gifts, especially Valentine's Day gifts, are a poor way of determining a person's worth. There's one more thing, and it's very important. Your actions and the posts you made on the internet have a severe adverse effect on the university's reputation.
"We're all adults, so I expect you all to practice some self-restraint. Be aware of how you carry yourself and stop judging anyone based on what you see on the surface.
"If the same thing happens on campus, I'll have to report the entire incident to the university president as well as the administration committee and get them to intervene in the matter."
Then, she tore her gaze away from them and looked at Avril, who was standing not far away from her.
"Let's go."
Avril was intimidated by Bonnie's speech just now. Then, she snapped out of it and put on a big smile before following the latter.
"Alrighty. Let's go."
'Tee-hee... These people are such run-of-the-mill commoners. How dare they think they could make things difficult for Bonnie? They've thought too highly of themselves?
'I can't help but feel impressed by Ivor again. He's just so awesome. He has preserved Bonnie's pride big time!'
One by one, the onlookers slowly recovered from the shock after Bonnie left.
"Why did Bonnie seem very authoritative just now? Don't you guys think she looked like a leader?"
"I-I sure do. Moreover, she spoke like a dean. I couldn't help but feel like following her and doing what she said."
"I'm not sure if you guys remember this. Three people raised a ruckus at the gate. Then, they were taken away by the military.
"A lot of people said that the three people must've offended some sort of big shot to deserve such an ending. They also said Bonnie had nothing to do with it.
"However, I think, we should watch our steps. Otherwise, we'd regret it big time if we messed with the wrong lady!"
Her words made everyone's minds travel back to that day. Helicopters swarmed the sky, and an endless stream of armored vehicles closed in on the university gate. Just thinking about it was enough to shock and terrify them. No one wanted to relive that nightmarish scene again!
At the next moment, all of them had goosebumps at the same time.
###Chapter 900
"Um... I think we better take it easy. Moreover..." The lady hung her head and stuttered. "I think she has a point. We are judging her by the number of gifts she received on Valentine's Day. We did take it too far."
Everyone heard her and hung their heads too. Then, they mulled it over in silence.
"Alright. That's enough. Go back, everyone. Let's not linger here anymore."
The university gate was full of people who gathered here because they wanted to badmouth Bonnie a minute ago. Now, it was as silent as a grave.
Avril saw that they were a bunch of weasels and couldn't help but say, "Pfft. They merely recalled the previous incident, but it was enough to scare them away. How did they have the guts to offend you in the first place?
"If that's the case, are they going to piss their pants when they find out about your real identity?"
Chuckling, Bonnie said, "It's all in the past. There's no need to talk about it anymore."
"You were truly badass just now, Bonnie. They were so intimidated that they looked frozen." She gave Bonnie a thumbs up.
Bonnie smiled wordlessly. Then, they turned the corner, and she saw something that made her smile widen.
"My private car is here. How about I give you a ride home?"
"Private car?"
This phrase was so out of nowhere that it confused Avril.
"Mm-hmm." Bonnie responded.
At the next moment, a Maybach pulled over next to them.
Then, it hit Avril.
She flashed Bonnie a mischievous smile and said, "Is that the private car you're talking about? I guess you're right. In fact, there's your personal chauffeur in there."
Bonnie felt a little speechless at the way Avril made fun of her. "So, do you want a lift home?"
Avril smiled and shook her head. "That's your private car. How could I sit in there? Sigh. It looks like this poor, single lady will have to walk all the way back home. After all, I wouldn't want to be the third wheel." She made it sound as pitiful as she could, but she had a big smile on her face.
Obviously, she was making fun of Bonnie again.
Bonnie couldn't help but roll her eyes. In any case, she knew her friend wouldn't get in the car if Ivor was there. So, she dropped the matter.
"Suit yourself."
Avril couldn't resist chuckling before waving at her. "I'll be leaving now. I wouldn't want to disturb your moment with Ivor, after all. I'll see you tomorrow." With that, she turned around and got out of Bonnie's sight after she turned the corner.
'She can be quite insufferable sometimes!' Bonnie thought to herself as she turned her gaze at the Maybach, which was parked not far away.
She walked over and opened the door, only to be greeted by a sweet fragrance.
At the next moment, he presented a bouquet of red and pink roses to her.
"Happy Valentine's Day, Bonnie."
Raising her eyes, she met his profound stare. His eyes were brimming with affection. Then, she glanced at the bouquet in her hands and blushed a little.
Tightening her grip on it, she bit her lips. Her voice was softer and more affectionate than usual when she spoke.
"Haven't you prepared Valentine's Day gifts from the first year of my life all the way to 20 years old? What's with the flower?"
###Chapter 901
Ivor noticed Bonnie's shyness and thought she was prettier than the most exquisite flower he could buy. Although the roses she held were stunning, they paled to her. Even her cheeks were redder than the
flowers.
Ivor could not help but gulp as he stared at Bonnie l***. "Bonnie, I—”
Meanwhile, she admired the bouquet and waited for his answer. Then, she realized he did not hear her question and said her name instead. Bonnie turned away from the flowers and looked at him. "What's the..."
Before she could finish, she discovered why Ivor did not answer her question. She noticed him staring at her passionately.
At that moment, she felt the urge to run from him. She suppressed her intentions and composed herself before asking, "What's wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?"
Bonnie reached for Ivor's cheek and noticed his profound eyes. Suddenly, Ivor grabbed her arm and pulled her onto his lap. She felt his warmth and shifted, mindful of Floyd in the driver's seat. She lowered her head and said, "Why did you pull me onto your lap? Let go, Ivor."
"Fat chance." Ivor rested his chin on her shoulder and savored his newfound peace. He stared at her, suggesting he could eat her up at any moment.
Bonnie sighed helplessly and asked, "What's your angle? Let me go, Ivor. You're wrong if you think I'll let you have your way just because you bought me some gifts. I'll get mad if you don't let me go immediately."
Ivor feigned innocence and said, "We're engaged, Bonnie. I'm only hugging you. Are you denying me of something so trivial?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes and pushed at his chest to keep a distance from him. She said, "Your eyes tell me you're thinking of something nasty. I understand these things about you, Ivor!"
Ivor grinned. "Oh, I'm up to no good, huh? Tell me what you think it is, and I'll tell you if you're right."
"Stop trying to trick me. I'm not a fool." Bonnie no longer wanted to talk to him. She frowned and feigned solemnity, saying, "Let me go. Don't make me mad!"
'Ivor's always like this. He'd ask for a mile whenever I gave an inch. I must be sterner with him. Considering the state he's in now, we might end up doing unspeakable things. Although I've done it with him, we must keep a distance under normal circumstances.
'Also, Floyd is here. I'm not as shameless as Ivor. I can't do something so intimate in someone else's presence.'
Ivor loosened his grip on Bonnie's waist when he noticed how mad she was. He asked, "Can I go to your place tonight?"
###Chapter 902
Bonnie raised her brows and questioned, "What, do you want to take advantage of me at my place?"
When she said that, Ivor smirked. "What's wrong? Can't I do that?"
She looked into his eyes and slowly said, "You may. Not."
Since it was Valentine's Day, she knew she would end up sleeping with him if he visited her place. She would not grant his wishes at a time like this.
"Why?" Ivor stared at Bonnie with a hint of pity in his eyes. "I can cook and look after you when I'm there. That sounds lovely, right? So, what do you say?"
She pushed him away as he leaned closer. She could not explain it, but he looked a little adorable. Then, she smiled and said, "I can cook and look after myself. I don't need you to do all that." After some thought, Ivor resumed his pitiful tone, "Well, you won't have to do it yourself if I'm there. I swear I'll care for you and make you feel good. It's just for tonight, Bonnie."
His eyes brimmed with affection, and his voice was full of love as he added, "I want to spend this special day with you."
Bonnie pursed her lips and glanced at him, unable to reject him. After some hesitation, she finally nodded in agreement. "I guess you can come over, especially because you look so sincere. "Still, you must promise you're only coming to cook and look after me. You're not allowed to do anything else."
Although the couple had done it once, Bonnie did not want to be too pretentious. Last time, they had gone all the way before they knew it. She could not say it aloud, but her private parts were still recovering from the last time they did it, as Ivor was too intense.
Meanwhile, Ivor noticed Bonnie wavering and quickly promised her, "Okay, I promise."
Bonnie had a plan. She said, "How about we visit the grocery store to buy some ingredients? We should also try to make desserts."
Ivor's smile grew wider when he heard that. "You want to make desserts, too?"
"Yeah, of course!" Bonnie replied. Then, she squinted at Ivor and asked, "What's wrong? Don't you like desserts?"
Ivor wrapped his arms around her waist, saying, "Why wouldn't I? It's just been a long time since I've had your desserts. I was just surprised when you said you'd make them tonight. It seems I'm in for a treat." Bonnie could not explain it, but she blushed when she heard that. She said, "There you go again with your smart mouth. I wonder where you learned to be so sweet."
Ivor chuckled and said helplessly, "Well, who do you think I learned that from?"
She rolled her eyes. "How would I know? For all I know, you could've been a playboy in the past. That's how you practiced your skillful sweet-talking."
Ivor did not expect Bonnie to twist the story like that, and he did not know how to react. Suddenly, he pinched her cheek and said, "You just said that to upset me, didn't you? I've never been with anyone else besides you, yet you called me a playboy."
###Chapter 903
Although Bonnie had deliberately said that, she felt a sense of sweetness when Ivor explained himself. Still, she did not let up and questioned him, "Then, where did you learn how to sweet-talk? Did you teach
yourself?"
Ivor replied, "You got me there. Indeed, I taught myself how to sweet-talk."
"Huh?" Bonnie was puzzled before returning to her senses and rolling her eyes. "You're bluffing again."
Ivor remained patient, trying to explain himself by asking, "Do you think I would lie? Every guy eventually teaches himself how to sweet-talk when he meets someone he loves. That's because he wants to make her happy.
"He'd learn to put his feelings into words and constantly tell her about them. That's how a man possesses such skills. Still, I'm not saying I didn't use the internet. I searched for ways to sweet-talk. After all, I've never had other experiences in relationships."
Ivor did not intend to tell Bonnie how he learned to sweet-talk. However, she doubted him, and he could only tell her everything.
Meanwhile, Bonnie thought it was sweet that he did all that for her. She felt warm and fuzzy inside and began to grin. She said, "Do you expect me to believe you just because you said that? For all I know, you could still be lying."
Ivor wanted to explain it again since she still refused to believe him. Then, he noticed her grin and tickled her. "You're a naughty one! How dare you trick me? It looks like I'll have to punish you. Here's what happens when you fool me."
Bonnie was ticklish, hysterically laughing as he tickled her. "Hahaha! I-Ivor, stop it! I can't take it anymore!"
Ivor was cunning, aiming for her soft spots and taking advantage of her. He grinned when he noticed how hard she laughed. "This ought to teach you to mess with me, Bonnie! Now, promise you'll never fool me again, or I'll keep tickling you!"
Bonnie refused to submit to him and avoided giving him what he wanted. "Th-there's no way I'll promise you that! Y-You're the one who's petty and can't take a joke!"
"Are you sure you won't promise me that? I'll have to tickle you where you're most sensitive!" Ivor chuckled and reached for her armpits.
Bonnie stared at Ivor lying on her and exclaimed, "Y-You wouldn't dare!"
"I guess we'll find out." Immediately after, Ivor tickled her armpit.
Bonnie's cackles changed into howling laughter. She could no longer control herself. "Hahaha! J-Just you wait, Ivor!"
"I guess we'll find out." At the next moment, his hand found her armpit and started tickling.
'One day, I'll develop a laughing powder-he'll be the first test subject. He'll know how it feels to laugh this hysterically.'
Ivor continued to tickle her while playing innocent. "Hmm, that's what I'm doing now. Can't you tell I'm waiting for your promise?"
###Chapter 904
Ivor's sarcastic remark upset Bonnie. She was about to retaliate, but he tickled her again, causing her to forget. Although she even shed tears from laughing, she refused to promise or apologize to him. On the other hand, Ivor did not expect Bonnie to last this long. He smiled helplessly and stopped tickling her, saying, "Fine, I'll quit torturing you."
She wiped her tears and glared at him accusingly. "You shouldn't have toyed with me. You started it, y'know."
Ivor chuckled and was about to say something. However, he was stunned when he looked at her. At that moment, his expression darkened when he saw Bonnie's bloodshot eyes. They starkly contrasted against her fair, glowing skin, making them more s***.
Meanwhile, Bonnie saw him staring at her even more l*** than before. She felt so uneasy that her throat felt dry. She feigned ignorance to make things less awkward and asked, "Wh-what are you trying to do? You keep looking at me like that."
Ivor gulped and drew closer to her. "You're a brilliant woman, Bonnie. Do you honestly not know what I want to do to you?"
Bonnie propped herself up and leaned backward, stuttering, "I-I don't know what you're talking about. I don't want to know, either."
"Heh, heh." Ivor chuckled and smiled. "I know you understand what I mean. You're just playing dumb, that's all."
"I mean it. I don't-"
Suddenly, Ivor kissed her lips before she could finish her sentence. Bonnie could not help but m*** and grasp the leather seat. Ivor intertwined his fingers with hers a moment later, refusing to let her shake them off.
Floyd heard the sounds in the backseat and quickly realized something was happening. He raised the partition and blocked off the passionate couple.
Half an hour later, Floyd pulled over by the Lenfield Resort Villa, and Bonnie got out. Her lips were red, and a couple of buttons had fallen off her shirt. Soon after, Ivor exited the car, looking satisfied. Bonnie stared at him and instinctively gritted her teeth in anger.
###Chapter 905
Bonnie scolded, "You've lost the privilege to have dinner with me. Go home, Ivor."
When Ivor started to kiss her earlier, she was worried things would get out of control. That was why she told him to stop before it did. However, Ivor had tricked her by saying it was only a kiss. He even promised not to do anything else. Still, things spun out of control as she had predicted.
Fortunately, the car had a partition, or Bonnie would feel even more ashamed in Floyd's presence. Bonnie was never shy, but Ivor was so shameless that it embarrassed her. Although Bonnie was a professional and could handle many things, she was slow in relationships.
"Come on, Bonnie. You know how hard it is for me to control myself around you. Please forgive me," Ivor said as he pulled out his phone to show it to her, "You said we'd go out and buy some ingredients to make dinner and desserts, right? Look, I noted down your favorite dishes."
Bonnie scoffed as she pointed at her red lips and missing shirt buttons. "Do I look like I can go to the grocery store like this? If you want to buy them so badly, do it yourself."
She was furious with how Ivor had tricked her and lost her appetite. She no longer had the energy to make dessert, either. At that point, she only wanted to rest.
"It's okay if you don't want to come with me. I can take care of the groceries. Just wait for me here, and I'll be back before you know it." Ivor entered the car and told Floyd to take him to the store.
Bonnie watched as the Maybach drove into the distance. Then, she realized he had tricked her again. Although she told him she had lost his dinner privileges, he twisted her words and undid what she said. 'Forget it. I'll give Ivor a pass since he's taking the initiative to buy the groceries and make dessert.'
Bonnie entered her house, got comfortable on the couch, and watched television. Half an hour later, Ivor returned with loads of bags. Bonnie sat upright and asked, "Why'd you buy so many things? Are you sure we can finish all of these?"
Ivor waved the bags at her, saying, "I didn't just buy ingredients. I also bought your favorite snacks and daily essentials. Since I already bought them, you won't have to waste time going out for more." His thoughtfulness made Bonnie feel warm and fuzzy. She asked, "How'd you know I ran out of these things? Did you sneak into my place one day and snoop around?"
Ivor chuckled and removed the snacks from the bag before lining them up in her snack cabinet. "Why would you say that about me, Bonnie? Although I could come here when you're not around, I wouldn't sneak in. I'll just enter through the front door instead."
Bonnie giggled and grinned joyfully. "I guess you're right. After all, this isn't just my home. It'll also belong to you in the future."
The couple might have lived separately most of the time, but she would allow him to visit occasionally. That was how she gradually accepted him into her home, building a foundation for when they would eventually live together.
Bonnie used to think that way, but after going through so much together, she knew she could count on Ivor. That was why she no longer kept her thoughts to herself. Bonnie found the openness between them reassuring.
Ivor was stunned when he heard what Bonnie said. After returning to his senses, he smiled with joy and approached her. "Bonnie, can you repeat that?"
###Chapter 906
Bonnie knew her words meant a lot to Ivor. She stared into his eyes and uttered, "This villa will be our future home."
Immediately after, an overwhelming sense of joy filled Ivor's heart. He could not contain himself and hugged her tightly. "Oh, my dear Bonnie, I love you so much."
Bonnie had never told him anything like that before. The fact that she did it now proved she had accepted him.
She felt how tightly he hugged her and thought it resembled his intense love for her. It enveloped Bonnie, making feel cleansed. The couple hugged each other for a long while.
Then, Bonnie pushed him gently and said, "All right, my stomach's growling. Hurry up and make dinner."
"Okay, you can continue watching TV. Leave the kitchen to me." Ivor rolled his sleeves and picked up the bags from the floor before heading toward the kitchen.
Unexpectedly, Bonnie caught up to him and stood by the door, asking, "Are you sure you can do everything alone? Should I help?"
"That's okay. You can take a break while I handle it," Ivor said as he removed the ingredients from their bags and sorted them.
Bonnie stared at his toned arms and thought, 'He looks like he's been going to the gym. His muscles look much firmer now.'
Ivor noticed her star and quietly put down the things he held. Then, he approached her while she was still in her thoughts. "Bonnie, were you looking at my arms? Do you want to touch them?" Bonnie snapped out of it and rolled her eyes. "Stop spouting nonsense and make dinner."
She looked away and headed to the living room. Once she sat on the couch, she opened a bag of chips and started eating.
Ivor noticed it and could not help but nag, "Don't have too many of those before dinner, or you'll lose your appetite."
Bonnie raised her brow and said playfully, "You're not my dad."
Although she said that, she put down the bag of chips and resumed watching television.
"No, I'm not your dad. I'm your future husband. If I don't control you, who will?" Ivor's eyes were full of joy when he said that.
On the other hand, Bonnie rolled her eyes and said, "That's in the future. I'm not your wife yet."
Ivor grew more joyful when he heard that. He replied, "It's just a matter of time. You'll be mine forever, and there's no escaping it." Bonnie was about to retort when her stomach growled loudly.
###Chapter 907
Bonnie's stomach was so loud that Ivor heard it. He was stunned before saying apologetically, "I thought you were joking when you said you were hungry. I didn't know you were starving. Sorry to keep you waiting. I'll cook faster."
Bonnie rubbed her belly and thought, 'I'm so hungry I can eat a horse.'
"Well, hurry up, or I'll die of starvation."
"You got it," Ivor replied before quickly preparing the ingredients.
Bonnie glanced at him and then returned her attention to the television. Although Ivor did not want to waste much more time, he made several of her favorite dishes but had to forgo the desserts.
Bonnie said, "It's okay if you can't make the desserts today. We'll just save them for tomorrow. I'll make something for you since you're cooking dinner today."
After dinner, the couple cuddled on the couch and watched television together. Ivor ran his fingers through her hair when he thought of something and said, "Do you remember what'll happen in a couple of weeks?"
"Huh?" Bonnie thought about it but could not remember anything important. "I forgot."
Ivor did not expect her to forget about it. A hint of helplessness flashed in his eyes as he said, "Think a little harder. Considering how accurate your memory is, I doubt you'll forget it." Bonnie frowned and thought, 'Wait, did I genuinely forget?'
After careful consideration, she looked at Ivor apologetically and said, "I'm sorry. So many things have happened over the past few weeks that I forgot about our big day."
Ivor pinched her cheek and
responded, "I'm glad you finally
remember Grandpa and the others have already handled the wedding preparations. Even though we don't
have to worry about that, I'll have to discuss some details with you."
Bonnie thought they had finalized everything but became curious about what details Ivor wanted to discuss. She asked, "What kind of details?"
"Your bridal gown and the jewelry you'll wear. Do you want me to get the best designer in our country to make them for you?" Ivor took his phone and added, "These fashion designers are pretty proficient. Do you want to pick one?" 
Bonnie shook her head. "That's okay. I've decided to design my bridal gown myself. I'm halfway done, anyway just have to adjust the details, and it'll be ready. Also, plan to sew it myself to make it more
meaningful." 
"I forgot you're the renowned Finley. That said, you only have half a month to make the gown. Can you make it in time? Do you want to finalize the design and let the fashion designers I mentioned sew it?"
After some thought, Bonnie agreed with Ivor. Since she did not have enough time to sew the gown, she would let one of the fashion designers do it.
"All right, you can find me the best fashion designers to make my gown. Remember, you'll have to follow up on their work. I don't want any mistakes and will not wear it on our wedding day."
Ivor nodded and said, "I'll keep an eye on them. Also, Grandpa wants us to have dinner at his place. Do you want to go?"
###Chapter 908
"Of course, I'll go," Bonnie said, "We'll visit the mall tomorrow to buy him something. It's not good to show up at his place empty-handed."
Ivor could not help but chuckle. "Don't you know him well enough already? He'll be thrilled if you just show up for the family dinner. You don't have to buy him anything."
"I know that, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't." Bonnie was determined to buy Sigmund a gift. "I've made up my mind, and that's that. Consider it a way to make him happy."
If it were the past, she would not have thought about that. However, she was about to marry Ivor, and it just was inappropriate not to buy Sigmund a gift.
Ivor nodded. "Okay, I'll pick you up once your classes end. We'll shop for a gift together."
"You got it." Bonnie yawned and added, "I'm a little tired, so I'll hit the sack now. Otherwise, I won't be at my best when conducting research tomorrow."
Ivor wanted to fool around with her but decided against it when he heard she had research to conduct tomorrow. After all, such a task required absolute focus. He did not want to make it hard for his fiancee to do it.
"Okay, go ahead. I have to review some documents in the study anyway."
Bonnie was so exhausted that she could barely keep her eyes open. She stood from the couch and said, "You should rest earlier, too. Don't work too late, got it?"
"I know." Ivor smiled. "Hurry up and get some rest. Don't worry about me."
"Hey, you're not the only one who
gets to order me around. I get tonag at you, too." Bonnie scoffed.
"Remember to sleep early. If I eatch you working too late, I'll make you regret it." 
Ivor was typically disciplined. However, he would get caught up with work and lose track of time. That was why Bonnie was stern with him, or he would not listen to her. Ivor raised a hand and promised, "Okay, I get it. Will you go to bed already? I'll go to bed right after work."
Bonnie was about to head upstairs when she remembered something. She adjusted the alarm clock,
saying, give you two hours tonet
"
finish your work. I don't care if you're not done, but you must go to bed once the alarm rings." 
"All right already!" Ivor took the alarm clock and said, "I'll sleep after exactly two hours and not a minute later."
Bonnie nodded in satisfaction. "Okay, I'm going to sleep now. You can start working."
"Sweet dreams," he said affectionately.
Bonnie responded smilingly, "Sweet dreams, Ivor."
When Bonnie awoke the following day, the sun was already up. After freshening up and leaving the bathroom, she smelled the
downstairs. As she approachel.net
fragrance of delicious food
the
dining room, she saw her favorite
food on the table. 
Grilled cheese sandwiches, mashed potatoes, Caesar salad, and more were on the table. So much food was there that they could barely fit it all.
###Chapter 909
Bonnie's lips twitched when she saw how much food was on the table. "Why'd you make so many dishes? I don't think we can finish all that by ourselves."
Ivor poured her a glass of milk and pushed it to her side of the table, saying, "Of course we can. It might look like a lot, but the portions are small. Do you know why I made all this?" Bonnie asked in puzzlement, "Why?"
"It's because I want you to have all your favorites in one go." Ivor had worked hard to cook her favorite foods.
At that moment, Bonnie felt overwhelmed with emotions. She said, "Have I always been this fussy? I can eat anything for breakfast, but I don't need all this."
Things were tough when she participated in various training. Sometimes, she would not even have a warm meal. It was a nightmare-no one cared about Bonnie's preferences. She did not know how it felt to be protected and doted on until she met Ivor.
He was stunned when she said that. He patted her head and said, "What are you talking about? I'm more than happy to do this for you. It's my duty to be the best fiance for you. Also, you're the most incredible woman in the world. That means you deserve nothing but the best. I can't make you a thoughtless breakfast."
Bonnie was shocked. She felt a lump in her throat when she finally returned to her senses. "Why do you treat me so well, Ivor?"
Ivor patted her shoulder and said, "That's a silly question. You're my fiancee, and we'll spend an eternity together. Of course, I'll shower you with love and care."
He put some mashed potatoes on her plate and added, "You should be at the research institute soon, right? Hurry up and eat, or you'll be late for work."
Bonnie nodded. "All right, let's dig in."
She lowered her head and munched
on her food, thinking, 'It doesn't matter what happens in the future, must learn from this and treat Ivor better er than I do now. After all, we must both contribute to keep a healthy relationship. It
he's the only one makin won't be fair if
an effort.' 
That afternoon, Avril tried her best to convince Bonnie to go shopping. However, the latter looked helpless, saying, "I have something important to do today. Why can't I go shopping with you tomorrow instead?" 
Avril knew how busy Bonnie was, so the former rarely asked her friend to shop with her. However, Avrill was desperate to go out that day and believed she could convince Bonnie to tag along. 
Avril shook Bonnie's arm and said coquettishly, "Come one, Bonnie! Can't you make time for me? I want you to come shopping with me!"
The latter held Avril's hand and sighed. "Ivor's grandad invited us for dinner at his place tonight, and I can't miss it. You, of all people, should know why."
Avril looked at her understandingly and said, "Well, that is important. Fine, you should go. I guess we can shop some other day."
She wanted Bonnie to help pick a dress for the latter's wedding, which was in two weeks. However, Bonnie simply did not have the time for it.
###Chapter 910
Bonnie had something to tell Avril, but the former saw Ivor's car approaching from afar before stopping at the roadside.
Avril saw it, too. She said, "Ivor's here. You should go now, Bonnie. I'll head home."
A hint of helplessness flashed across Bonnie's eyes as she watched her friend run off. At that moment, the former did not know what else to say and turned to approach the Maybach. When she opened the car door, she saw how formal Ivor's attire was.
Ivor wore a black suit that was subtle yet elegant. He also wore a gold brooch, looking like a mysterious nobleman.
Bonnie stared at him in a daze before teasing him, "Why didn't you tell me we're supposed to dress formally for tonight's dinner? Look at what I'm wearing. Don't you think it's inappropriate for me to wear such casual clothes?"
"I met with an important business partner before coming to get you. That's why I'm wearing this. It has nothing to do with tonight's dinner." Ivor patted the seat beside him. "Come on, get in."
Bonnie giggled. "Oh, that's what it is. I thought you were wearing this formal attire for dinner."
She sat beside him and yawned. Then, she said, "I listed everything I wanted to buy for Grandpa when I was in class. We just have to follow the list once we're at the mall."
"All right," Ivor responded and clasped her hand. "I'm a little worn out today, so I'll nap on the way. Wake me up when we're at Grandpa's house."
Bonnie mimicked him and offered her shoulder. "Lean on me. You'll sleep better."
Ivor did so and grinned. "Thanks."
About two hours later, the Maybach pulled over by Sigmund's villa gate. Ivor was still asleep, and Bonnie noticed his exhausted eyes. She could not bear to wake him up. 
'Hmm, since it's not time for dinner yet, I'll let him sleep a little longer.'
Floyd asked hushedly, "Ms. Bonnie, should I leave the car here and wait for you and Mr. Ivor?"
"Sure, you can go ahead, Floyd."
When he left, Bonnie stared at the sleeping Ivor and thought, 'I'm impressed with his flawless skin. It looks soft to touch, too.'
With that in mind, Bonnie felt his cheek. Indeed, her suspicions were accurate. As she was about to withdraw her hand, Ivor held it tightly. Simultaneously, the back of her hand felt a little wet. 
Bonnie was stunned as she raised her gaze to look at him, only to find out he had woken up when she was not looking. Ivor stared at her while holding her hand. Bonnie recalled the wet sensation and glanced at his lips. 
She blushed as she withdrew her hand. Then, she turned and cleared her throat to avoid the awkward situation.
###Chapter 911
"Since you're awake, let's go inside. Don't keep Grandpa waiting." Bonnie exited the car and waited for Ivor.
He smiled faintly and got out, saying, "Honey, did you let me sleep because you were worried I was too tired?"
"Come on, let's go inside," Bonnie replied, not wanting to engage in that topic. She knew they would never go in if they kept talking.
Ivor shook his head and walked over. He took her hand and headed toward the old house. "All right, let's go."
Then, he looked back and told Floyd, "Bring the items from the trunk."
"Right away, Mr. Ivor." Floyd did as his boss said and chased after the couple.
When the couple entered, they saw Sigmund eagerly waiting at the door. When he saw his grandson and Bonnie, she smiled warmly and said, "You're finally here! I've been waiting for a while now."
Bonnie replied with a hint of exasperation, "You could have waited for us while sitting down, Grandpa. Since we promised to come, we'd show up."
Sigmund laughed heartily, "Hahaha! It doesn't matter. I was worried you'd be too busy to come, so I waited here. Seeing you brightens my day." His infectious smile caused Bonnie to smile, too. She said, "Let's go inside. There's no need to stand around here."
"Of course," Sigmund replied, beaming as he followed Bonnie.
Ivor trailed behind and teased, "Grandpa, it seems you no longer need your grandson now that you'll soon have a granddaughter-in-law."
Sigmund turned and responded
firmly, "Of course I don't. What's the point of a grandson when I have a granddaughter-in-law? After all, you're disobedient and cause trouble." 
Ivor was at a loss for words at that moment. After a brief pause, he said, "That's not fair, Grandpa."
Bonnie chuckled and took Sigmund's side, saying, "Your grandfather has a point, y'know. Don't worry. I'll take good care of you, Grandpa. We don't need Ivor, do we?" Sigmund quickly responded, "Perfect! You can take care of me from now on, and I'll discard my grandson."
Bonnie giggled. "You got it."
Ivor could only smile and listen to the duo banter. He was happy to see his fiancee and grandfather getting along so well. Ivor did not mind being the bud of their jokes as long as it made them happy. 
When the trio entered the dining room, Bonnie noticed the empty seats. Curious, she said, "Grandpa, I thought this was supposed to be a family dinner. Why is no one else around? Is it just three of us?" 
"The three of us are a family, aren't we?" Sigmund said, "Too many people cause too much noise. I know you don't like idle chatter, so I didn't invite everyone else."
###Chapter 912
Bonnie felt a substantial sense of warmth in her chest, feeling the importance of Sigmund's words. She said, "Thank you for being so considerate of me, Grandpa."
Sigmund laughed heartily, saying, "There's no need for such formalities. It's getting late, and you must be hungry. Come one, let's eat."
"Okay, Grandpa." Bonnie followed Sigmund and sat down. Immediately after, the housekeepers served the dishes while the duo chatted. Ivor even chimed in occasionally, creating a harmonious and pleasant atmosphere.
After the meal, Ivor told Floyd to bring the gifts to Sigmund. The older man was surprised, saying, "Oh my! You finally know how to be considerate and bring your grandpa gifts, Ivor?"
Ivor's lips twitched. "Even though Bonnie bought these gifts, I've given you plenty over the years. You didn't need to say that.”
Sigmund only heard the first part of Ivor's sentence and ignored the latter half. The former said, "I knew my granddaughter-in-law was the best. I'd be overjoyed if you had half her filial piety, Ivor." Ivor was speechless.
'Well, praising my future wife is equivalent to honoring me. I'll stop overthinking it.'
Bonnie smiled as she helplessly watched Ivor and Sigmund banter. Even so, she enjoyed the warm-hearted atmosphere.
Ivor noticed Sigmund examining the supplements Bonnie had gifted him. Ivor asked, "Granpa, how are the wedding invitations going? Are they ready?"
"I prepared them long ago," Sigmund responded before telling the butler, "Go to the innermost cabinet in my room and bring them the invitations."
"Right away, sir." The butler quickly went upstairs and did as Sigmund said.
The older man looked at Bonnie pridefully and said, "I guarantee you'll love the invitation design, Bonnie!"
Bonnie nodded. "Your taste is impeccable, Grandpa. Of course, they must be excellent."
Sigmund felt flattered, grinning as he said, "You always know what to say."
Bonnie chuckled as the butler brought down the invitations. Sigmund took them and placed
them before the couple. "Telnet
look." 
UMS
a
Bonnie examined the invitations and noticed the white background with gold edges. They looked elegant and grand. "I love them, GrandpabYour taste is immaculate, as always." 
She took one of the invitations and added, "Would you mind if I take this one first? I want to send it to a friend abroad."
Sigmund waved dismissively. "No
problem at all. Since it's yours andet
Ivor's wedding, you can send it to
r you like."
"Thanks," Bonnie replied, planning to send the invitation to Andreas tomorrow.
As she thought about that, Ivor's attractive voice sounded, "Are you sending that to Andreas?"
Bonnie nodded. "Yeah, I am."
Then, she raised her brow at Ivor and teased, "Are you jealous?"
###Chapter 913
Ivor smiled helplessly and said, "Would it be unreasonable for me to get jealous? After all, you're sending our wedding invitation to Andreas."
Bonnie smirked and teased, "You're talking like I don't remember how you lost your mind when you saw me with another guy."
Ivor emphasized, "Those are two different things."
Bonnie raised her brow. "What's the difference?"
"Sending our wedding invitations shows that our relationship is strong. It's different from everyday tasks. You can't compare those two." Ivor played with her hair as he spoke, "When will you send him the invitation tomorrow? I'll come with you."
"You don't have to. You need to work so I can send it myself." Bonnie was not a child who needed her man to accompany her for something so trivial.
"All right, then." Ivor agreed that she should send the invitation herself. That way, he hoped Andreas would finally give up on her.
Bonnie sent Andreas the invitation the following day, and he received it a day later. He stood before the palace and stroked the invitation card. Then, he turned to his royal guard and asked, "Did you prepare everything I asked?"
The guard nodded. "I have, Your Highness. Everything shall proceed as planned."
"Wonderful." Andreas smiled. Although he had planned to surprise the couple on their wedding day, whether or not it was a pleasant surprise was another matter.
Time flew by, and the day before the
wedding arrived. According to
tradition, the bride and groom could not see each other yet. That evening, Bonnie stayed at Verdant Valley Retreat while Ivor remained in his
villa. ?FindNovel.net
Ivor wanted to follow the tradition but could not suppress his eagerness to see Bonnie. Eventually, he left his room and called Floyd.
The latter appeared in the hallway and asked, "What is it, Mr. Ivor?"
"Prepare the car. I'm going to see Bonnie." Soon after, Ivor went downstairs with a jacket draped over his arm.
Floyd was hesitant but quickly
followed. He said, "M-Mr. Ivor, your grandfather said you and Ms. Bonnie aren't allowed to see each other before the wedding. He'll get upset if he finds out you're going to see Ms. Bonnie." 
Ivor stopped and looked at Floyd. "Everyone's too busy to notice anything now unless you say something. Besides, I'll only see Bonnie for an hour or two. It won't affect anything." Floyd could only agree. "All right, let's go."
"I thought so," Ivor responded before leaving.
Once they reached Verdant Valley Retreat, they found Bonnie's usually bright house in utter darkness
instead or sensed something was amiss. He frowned and said, "Bonnie never sleeps this early, but the lights are off. Quick, check if she's inside." 
###Chapter 914
Immediately after, Ivor closed the car door and quickly approached Bonnie's house.
Given the couple's prominent status, Ivor knew many people kept their eyes on him and Bonnie. He feared someone would take advantage of their wedding to harm Bonnie. He needed to ensure her safety to calm his racing heart.
After unlocking the house door, Ivor hurried inside and called for her, "Bonnie? Bonnie!"
Despite calling several times, the house remained eerily silent. Floyd followed his boss closely as they looked around the empty living room. Then, the former suggested, "Mr. Ivor, I think you should call Ms. Bonnie. She might've left for some reason."
"You're right. I'll call Bonnie now." Ivor quickly took his phone and dialed her number.
He did not consider calling Bonnie until Floyd suggested it because he was in a blind panic. Even so, Bonnie did not answer. Ivor tried two more times but to no avail.
The situation caused a flood of terrible thoughts to flow through Ivor's mind, making him pale. He forced himself to stay calm for Bonnie's sake.
'There are no signs of a struggle or disturbance in the house. That means Bonnie left safely. Is she with someone she knows? I hope so.'
Meanwhile, Floyd stayed silent while looking around for clues. Suddenly, something caught his eye, and he approached the table. There, he saw a bouquet of roses and a sealed envelope. 
Instead of touching it, Floyd pointed the items out to Ivor. "Sir, look."
Ivor saw the bouquet and envelope as he approached the table. Then, he opened the envelope and read it, "Ivor, after much thought, I realized I can't let go of Bonnie. I took her with me to be my princess. As for you, you should find someone else to marry." 
Attached was a picture of an unconscious Bonnie getting carried away by several men.
"Damn it, Andreas!" Ivor's eyes were bloodshot with rage as he clenched the letter.
Floyd was in disbelief. He never expected Andreas to kidnap Bonnie and leave such a taunting letter.
He turned to his boss and asked,
"What should we do, Mr. Ivor?
Should we go to Zudale to get.net
Bonnie back?" 
Ivor instantly replied, "We have to! Otherwise, what'll happen to our wedding?"
###Chapter 915
"Floyd, prepare the private jets to head for Zudale immediately. Make sure Grandpa doesn't find out. Do you understand?" Ivor spoke while preparing to leave.
Considering Sigmund's questionable health, Ivor did not want to reveal such a shocking incident to him. Ivor intended to resolve the matter before telling Sigmund, as telling him now would not help. Floyd nodded. "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I'll keep it under wraps."
"Perfect," Ivor responded and then glanced into the distance coldly. He would not allow anyone to take Bonnie from him.
Soon after, a fleet of private jets departed from Pyralis to Zudale. Several hours later, Ivor's jet arrived in Zudale, and he quickly instructed his men to encircle the palace.
The royal guards rushed inside to report the incident to the king, "Your Majesty, there are men outside the palace! What should we do?"
"What?!" The king was puzzled. After some thought, he led his guards outside, saying, "I'd like to see who dares to cause trouble in my territory."
He recognized Ivor when he saw the latter at the entrance. "Mr. Ivor? What brings you here?"
Ivor frowned and said, "Your Majesty, Prince Andreas has taken my fiancee. My wedding is tomorrow. Tell him to return my fiancee, or I might take drastic measures."
The king was astonished. "Wh-why would Andreas take your fiancee?"
Then, he realized something and added, "Is Ms. Bonita your fiancee?"
"Yes, Your Majesty." Ivor confirmed, with an intimidating gaze and demeanor, I've let previous incidents involving your son slide considering his youth and
immaturity. However, tomorrow is
the most important day of m4
life
with Bonnie. Prince Andreas took her without my consent, and I think that's too much." 
"But that's" The king did not expect his son to do something so audacious.
He was momentarily speechless
before finally saying, "Mr. Ivor, l'et
send someone to look for my son immediately. Rest assured, I will return Ms. Bonita to you unharmed." 
"Thank you, Your Majesty. I shall wait here," Ivor calmly replied.
Given Andreas's character, Ivor was not worried about him harming
such a crucial time was
Bonnie However, kidnapping hal, ne
bnove
unacceptable. 
at
Once the king realized that, he ordered his royal guards, "Hurry, find Andreas!"
One of the guards hesitated, looking at the king momentarily before leaning in to whisper something.
###Chapter 916
The king was stunned when he heard his royal guard's words. The former helplessly rubbed his brow, knowing it did not matter how angry he got. Since Andreas was his son, he could not bear to reprimand the young man too severely.
The king could only temporarily cover for his son. He also hoped Ivor would not be too angry once the truth came to light.
Ivor squinted when he noticed the duo's hushed conversation. He asked, "If I may, Your Majesty. What are you discussing? Do you have news on His Highness?"
The king returned to his senses and regained his composure. He nodded, saying, "My guard has informed me that Andreas is in his palace. He shouldn't have had time to take your fiancee, Mr. Ivor. Could there be a misunderstanding?"
"That's not possible, Your Majesty!" Ivor said firmly.
'I discovered how interested Andreas was in Arvandish when he visited Pyralis for the exchange program. I even taught him for half a month.
'I also know he kidnapped Bonnie because he wrote the letter in Arvandish instead of Zulandish. Moreover, the included photos are undeniable evidence. Who else could've kidnapped Bonnie if not Andreas?' After a pause, the king said, "In that case, the guards will take you to Andreas's palace. You can ask him yourself."
"Fine." Ivor was determined to meet Andreas to see what he was up to.
The king turned to his guard and ordered, "Take Mr. Ivor to see my son."
"Right away, Your Majesty." The guard nodded and gestured for Ivor to follow. "This way, Mr. Ivor."
When Ivor reached Andreas's palace, several guards and housekeepers addressed him respectfully, "Welcome, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor looked around for Andreas and frowned when he realized the latter was not around. "Where is His Highness? Tell him to come out and see me."
His patience wore thin as he desperately wanted to see Bonnie.
One of the guards felt pressured.
Even so, he stepped forward andet
Love
handed a piece of paper to Ivor "This is a question from His Highness. Please answer the multiple-choice questions 
Ivor turned solemn, saying, "I want to see my fiancee immediately. I'm not interested in playing games. Inform His Highness to hand my fiancee over, or I'll take drastic measures." 
Meanwhile, Andreas watched Ivor's agitation through the surveillance screen. The former shook his head
and said, "Ivor has quite theper.
Do you think he won't start
mistreating you once you two get married?" 
Just the thought of his cherished Bonnie getting mistreated made Andreas uncomfortable.
###Chapter 917
"Of course he's mad. You kidnapped me before our wedding, Andreas. Do you expect him not to be angry for doing something so foolish?" Sitting beside the prince, Bonnie felt irritated just thinking about the situation.
Earlier, she heard her doorbell and wondered who it was. When she looked through the peephole, she was surprised to see Andreas.
Although Bonnie did not know why Andreas would visit so late, she still opened the door. After all, she had no reason to be wary of him since they were good friends. However, he waved his hand at her face, and she smelled a mysterious fragrance that overpowered her senses, causing her to lose consciousness.
The last thing Bonnie remembered was being utterly confused. She had let her guard down because she never expected Andreas to do something like that.
When Bonnie woke up, she found herself in Andreas's palace. She asked him why he had done this, and he said he wanted to test Ivor's love for her. Bonnie did not even know how to respond to such a bizarre thing.
Andreas looked at Bonnie aggrievedly, saying, "I did this for your sake. You're about to spend the rest of your life with Ivor. If he can't handle this test, he's not worth marrying. You might as well choose me because I'll be fully devoted to you, no matter what."
Their conversation kept going in circles, causing Bonnie to have a headache. "These are two different matters, Andreas. Don't get them twisted. I've told you before. You and I-"
Andreas interrupted, not wanting to hear something he disliked, "All right, we'll discuss that later. Let's see if Ivor can pass the test first."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Your test is pointless and boring. I've decided to marry him because he's a
good man. I'm perfectly capable of making such judgments. I don't need you to test Ivor for me."
Andreas's stunt had genuinely annoyed her. With her wedding scheduled for tomorrow, being in Zudale only made her anxious about returning in time.
When Bonnie stood up to leave, Andreas quickly said, "Bonnie, don't rush off. Please just listen to me."
Bonnie said sternly, "I don't want to hear it, Andreas! You've gone too far this time, and I won't tolerate it!"
Andreas looked at her silently before finally saying, "I admit this test is selfish. I just want to know what you see in Ivor and why I lost to him. I always want to consider your best interests.
"Don't you want to know how genuine Ivor's feelings for you are? I gave him the simplest questions. He doesn't love you enough if he can't answer them."
Bonnie pursed her lips and said, "I
don't care. can feel how good Ivor is to me. I don't need meaningless questions to test him. I wouldn't have agreed to marry him if he had been bad for me. I trust my judgment." 
Andreas was stunned as a hint of sadness flashed in his eyes. "Bonnie, do you realize how much it hurts me to hear you say that? Although we're just friends now, I've adored you for so long. Don't you think you owe me a chance to test Ivor's worth before I admit defeat?" 
###Chapter 918
"I'll only repeat myself one more time, Andreas. These are two separate matters." Bonnie was stern, with a hint of anger in her eyes. It was evident the prince's actions had upset her.
Realizing this, Andreas softened his tone, "Since things have gotten to this point, let me complete the test. Otherwise, I'll never be able to rest assured. I'll always wonder why he got to marry you, but I didn't." He sounded resentful toward the end of his sentence.
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "You're making things difficult for me, Andreas."
Andreas saw a chance and said, "Then, I'll proceed with the test. The questions are elementary. If Ivor sincerely loves you, he should have no problems answering them."
Bonnie glanced sidelong at him and said coldly, "You tricked us into coming here. I don't have a choice, do I?"
Andreas chuckled and said nothing more. He was determined to continue the test. Otherwise, he would never have closure.
Meanwhile, the royal guard held the test papers, trembling under Ivor's fierce gaze. The former dared not meet Ivor's gaze. Instead, the guard lowered his head and said, "Mr. Ivor, His Highness said you can only see your fiancee once you've completed his test correctly. Please, or we can't let you in."
Ivor's brows furrowed as he said coldly, "Tell Andreas to come out. I want to ask him why he thinks he can test me. If I don't see Bonnie soon, I'll force my way in with my men.”
The guard looked troubled, not knowing what to do. At that moment, another guard ran up and whispered something. The first guard nodded understandingly, saying, "I see.”
When the second guard departed,
the first one said, "Mr. Ivor, His Highness says that it's also your
fiancee's wish that you leten
this test. The wedding will be canceled if you refuse to take the
QUMS
test." 
Ivor was in disbelief. "B-Bonnie wishes for this, too?"
"That is correct, Mr. Ivor." The guard nodded.
Meanwhile, Bonnie glared at Andreas angrily. She said through gritted teeth, "It's one thing to test Ivor, but how dare you drag me into it? I never told you to do that What with Ivor think of me now?" 
She was already furious after getting kidnapped. However, Andreas's lies only fueled her anger. She could not predict how Ivor would react after hearing such lies. She even
wondered if he would question
whether or not she wanted to marry
him. 
"Bonnie, that was just a little white lie to ensure Ivor takes the test," Andreas said, knowing there was no turning back. His only goal was to ensure Ivor took the test.
Bonnie saw through the prince's intentions. She pursed her lips and silently cursed herself for letting her guard down around Andreas. He would have failed to kidnap her if she were more cautious.
###Chapter 919
Previously, Bonnie had sent Jim to fetch her foster parents. He would have prevented Andreas from kidnapping Bonnie if he had been around.
Andreas knew Bonnie was furious when he saw her stern expression. He considered saying something to calm her down but then realized it would probably worsen things. Ultimately, he chose to remain silent After hearing that Bonnie also wanted him to take the test, Ivor's eyes darkened. He said coldly, "Give me the pen."
"Of course, Mr. Ivor." The royal guard handed him the pen with both hands.
Ivor glanced at the questions and noticed they were all about Bonnie's interests, dislikes, and fears-trivial things for someone who knew her as well as Ivor did.
He completed the multiple-choice questions in just over twenty seconds and filled the back with more details about Bonnie's likes and dislikes. For instance, Bonnie liked vegetables without stems and preferred fish with fewer bones.
Andreas witnessed everything through the surveillance monitor. He turned to Bonnie wide-eyed and said, "Bonnie, we've spent so much time together. I never realized how picky you are with food."
Bonnie watched as Ivor put down the pen. She smiled and said, "Ivor noticed those things about me and remembered them by observing me. He never ceases to amaze me. After all, I chose a man who never disappoints."
'I never realized some of those things about myself, yet he did.'
Although Andreas was jealous, he had to admit vor understood Bonnie better. "Well, Ivor did exceptionally well in the first test. I'll give him full marks for it, but I have a second test. Let's see how well he performs in that one." 
Bonnie squinted and questioned, "What's your second test?"
Andreas wanted to keep it a secret. He said, "Don't worry-you'll find out soon enough." Bonnie's brows furrowed as she warned, "Don't go too far, or we'll no longer be friends."
Andreas
hint of guilt in his eyes. "No, I warne
Cleared his throat with a
〃
t belongs to Swe
go too far. Don't worry, Bonnie."
She did not believe him. "Are you sure about that?"
"Of course I am!" Andreas replied, but his voice lacked conviction.
what Ough his hesitation
d the screen, wollt
had planned for the
second test. Contents to
###Chapter 920
Bonnie saw three graceful women appear on the screen. They started to dance when the music began, swaying their waists as they inched closer to Ivor. Their initial movements were expected, but their actions became increasingly bold as they continued. The women slowly pulled off their fur coats.
Bonnie glanced at Ivor through the screen. He closed his eyes when the women appeared, looking unaffected by their presence. Ivor's composure made Bonnie smile with satisfaction.
Even so, she turned solemn when she looked at Andreas, asking impatiently, "Is this your so-called test?"
Andreas saw nothing wrong with his approach. "Most men can't resist such temptations. This test is the most straightforward way to see how faithful he is to you."
"Don't give me that nonsense," Bonnie responded, "Tell them to stop and leave."
Andreas wondered why she was so angry. He asked, "Bonnie, aren't you confident in Ivor? I think-"
Bonnie interjected, "That's not it at all. I just don't want my future husband to look at other women. It's that simple."
She sounded naturally authoritative, treating Ivor as her possession. It caused Andreas to gasp in realization.
'Bonnie has always been indifferent
and rarely let anything affect here emotions. Now, she's agitated over which contrasts her usual demeanor. I can tell how much she cares for Ivor.' 
Finally, Andreas understood why he had failed to win Bonnie's heart. Although he was kind, strong, and wealthy, Bonnie's heart belonged to Ivor, not Andreas.
'I should've understood that long
ago, but hoped to get a definitive answer. My restless heart has finally found peace now that I've seen Bonnie's repeated concern for Ivor.' 
As Andreas was in deep thought, Bonnie stood up and strode toward the door. She was furious when she saw the three girls removing more clothing. Once Bonnie reached where Ivor was, she yelled at the women, "Put on your clothes and leave!" 
The trio exchanged terrified glances under Bonnie's intimidating presence. They hurriedly pulled up their clothes and ran off, not daring to disobey her.
Ivor immediately opened his eyes once he heard his fiancee's voice. His eyes gleamed with joy when he saw Bonnie standing before him. "Bonnie!"
###Chapter 921
"Ivor, I'm here," Bonnie responded before running into her fiance's embrace. She wrapped her arms around his neck, saying, "You did so well. I'm happy to have such an excellent and upright future husband." After a brief pause, she added, "Oh, wait, you'll be my husband tomorrow."
Ivor lifted Bonnie, letting her wrap her legs around his waist. He said, "Yeah, you'll be all mine tomorrow."
The two embraced each other, creating a heartwarming atmosphere. Then, Andreas emerged from the corridor and observed the couple. He sighed helplessly and said, "All right, that's enough showing off. "Hurry up and get on the private jet I arranged for you. Otherwise, you won't have enough time to prepare for the wedding."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at Andreas. "If you knew how important tomorrow was for us, why did you kidnap me?! You just wasted our precious time!"
Andreas chuckled awkwardly and replied, "It wasn't a waste of time. You seem pretty satisfied with the results, after all."
"I'd be happy with Ivor, even without the test. I didn't need all that nonsense, Andreas. Your actions were unnecessary and a waste of time," Bonnie complained.
'Although things ended well, I don't know why Andreas acted this way. I still need to do my hair and makeup before the wedding. I wonder if I have enough time.'
Andreas chuckled awkwardly and said, "If you don't stop talking to me now, you'll have even less time to prepare."
Bonnie was utterly annoyed with his behavior. She was about to scold him when she felt Ivor gently squeeze her hand. "Let's not argue anymore. Our wedding is more important."
Bonnie glanced at her watch and then looked at Andreas sternly. "I'll come here and settle the score with you when I have time."
Andreas was about to defend
himself, but Bonnie held Ivor's hand and left. The prince watched their
departing figures with a bitter smil
Although he admitted defeat, it was not to lvor but to Bonnie. It was all in vain since Bonnie did not feel the same about him. 
After hours of traveling, the couple finally returned to Pyralis. Bonniez checked the time and realized she still had two hours before the
makeup team arrived, meaning she could nap. 
Bonnie yawned and turned to Ivor, saying, "Do you want to come in and nap with me? Otherwise, we might not look our best at the wedding." She still felt exhausted, even though she had rested on the jet.
"That's okay." vor shook his head. "I slept like a log on the jet just now, so I'm good. Besides, Grandpa and Mom should be looking for me at this hour. I should go home, or'll be in serious trouble if they found out I came to see you." 
Bonnie considered Sigmund's impatience and nodded. She said, "All right, you should head back. I'll nap before the makeup team arrives."
"I'll see you tomorrow," Ivor responded, leaving Verdant Valley Retreat.
When he arrived, he saw his grandfather sitting in the living room, reviewing the invitations and guest list.
###Chapter 922
Sigmund sensed someone's presence and looked up. He met Ivor's gaze, and they paused momentarily. Soon after, Ivor asked concernedly, "Grandpa, why are you up so late? Did you have trouble sleeping?' "It's yours and Bonnie's big day tomorrow. Of course, I can't sleep. I could've slept all night if I had some warm milk before bed," Sigmund said as he gazed at his grandson suspiciously. "Why did you go out instead of staying here to prepare?"
The older man squinted before asking, "Did you go and see Bonnie? You seriously couldn't wait for a few hours?"
Ivor smiled but did not deny it. "I needed to discuss some details with Bonnie. Talking about them over the phone was inconvenient, so I went to her."
"Is that so?" Sigmund smirked, clearly not believing his grandson. The former continued, "I don't think that was your priority. You just wanted to see Bonnie, didn't you?"
At that moment, Sigmund recalled the first time Bonnie and Ivor met. The older man said emotionally, "When I told you to propose to Bonnie, you were extremely unwilling, you little brat. Everything has worked out well now, hasn't it? You two cling to each other like glue. I can't even stand it sometimes."
After some thought, Ivor said, "It must be fate."
Sigmund acted like an old child, saying, "What the hell do you mean by fate? Bonnie would've left long ago if I hadn't bugged you to propose to her."
"You're right, Grandpa. Bonnie and I wouldn't be together if you weren't such an excellent matchmaker. We'll honor you together in the future," Ivor said earnestly.
Sigmund laughed heartily. "I'm looking forward to it."
"Of course, Grandpa." Ivor smiled and was about to go upstairs but remembered something and turned back, saying, "Grandpa, I thought you said Bonnie and I weren't supposed to see each other before the wedding. What'll happen now that I've seen her?" 
Sigmund paused momentarily before saying, "That's just an old-fashioned rule the older generation made. Whether you
believe in them or not will have net
impact. Besides, younguns
like
you
don't need to let such antiquated
rules bind you." 
Ivor thought his grandfather would reprimand him for disobeying tradition. He did not expect Sigmund to be so understanding.
'That's surprising. Still, it's good not to adhere to such old-fashioned rules so strictly.'
"I understand, Grandpa. I'll head upstairs now. Could you tell me when the stylists arrive?"
"All right already. Go and rest, or you won't have enough energy for the wedding." Sigmund waved. Faced with the invitations and guest list, he had endless worries.
"Thanks, Grandpa."
At ten in the morning, guests arrived at the venue one after another. Luxury cars were parked outside in a long line as big shots gathered and chatted with their business partners on the lawn. 
The hotel had countless flowers inside and outside as the couple hosted a romantic Western wedding. The venue was also full of balloons, creating a festive atmosphere.
###Chapter 923
Ivor stood in his room upstairs, dressed in his tuxedo. He frequently looked toward the roadside with anticipation and nervousness. He anxiously asked, "Did Bonnie say when she'll arrive? It's almost time to
start. Why isn't she here yet?"
Floyd reassured him, "It's not time yet. Ms. Bonnie should arrive right on schedule, Mr. Ivor."
"Yeah, you're right."
'Bonnie planned the wedding. She shouldn't miss this auspicious day. Still, I can't help myself from wanting to see Bonnie. I want to marry her as soon as possible. Then, I'll feel like she truly belongs to me.' Suddenly, Floyd exclaimed, "Mr. Ivor, isn't that Bonnie's bridal party?!"
Ivor quickly followed his assistant's gaze. He saw a group dressed in red wedding attire walking toward the venue, followed by a Rolls-Royce. Sitting inside was Bonnie, the one Ivor had been eagerly awaiting. A sense of joy flashed in Ivor's eyes as he quickly went downstairs. "Quick, let's welcome them!"
"On my way, Mr. Ivor!"
The bridal party carried countless valuable items in the Rolls-Royce Behind that was a series of luxury cars as presents for the groom. When the guests saw these things, their jaws hit the ground. 
"I always thought Mr. Ivor's fiancee would benefit more from this marriage. I didn't expect her to gift him so many luxury cars and items. I
can't decide who I should envy
more!" 
"I wonder who Mr. Ivor's bride is. How can she afford so many things? Also, Mr. Ivor has kept his fiancee so mysterious. I've yet to see her in person."
"Don't worry. We'll see her soon enough. She has to appear for her wedding, right?"
"Of course, she has to! I can't wait to meet the woman who captured Mr. Ivor's heart."
The bridal party reached the gate, and Ivor stood there, ready to welcome them. To his surprise, two brides dressed alike exited the Rolls-Royce with veils over their faces. 
###Chapter 924
Two hours ago, Avril accompanied Bonnie as the latter got her makeup done. The duo chatted while getting ready. Halfway through the makeup process, Avril had a whimsical idea. She exclaimed, "Hey, Bonnie, I have a great idea!"
Bonnie lazily looked at her and asked, "What crazy idea do you have this time?"
Avril leaned close and said, "We can't let Ivor marry you so easily. We need to throw him off his game."
Then, she whispered her plan to Bonnie. Afterward, Avril grabbed Bonnie's arm and asked enthusiastically, "What do you think? It's a great idea, isn't it?!"
Bonnie's lips twitched. "So, will the makeup artists dress us up the same way? Then, we'll see if Ivor can recognize me when I exit the car. Are you sure it doesn't seem cliche?"
'It sounds like a plot to an old movie. It's such an outdated trick, and I don't want to play games at my wedding.'
On the contrary, Avril did not think so. She said, "That's just how people do it. How is it cliche?"
Bonnie shook her head. "I-I'd rather not, Avril."
"Oh, come on! Isn't it a perfect opportunity to have a little fun? Don't worry if it's cliche or not. Just enjoy it instead!" Avril leaned on Bonnie's shoulder and begged. "Just indulge me this time. Pretty please!"
Eventually, Bonnie felt a headache forming and gave in to Avril's coaxing. "All right, fine! Stop shaking me already."
Avril giggled and said, "I knew you'd do it!"
Bonnie said helplessly, "Fine, let's hurry up and get the makeup artists to do it. We're running out of time."
Avril hopped and said, "Okay!"
Bonnie was not worried about whether or not Ivor would fail to recognize her. After all, the couple knew each other better than anyone else. As Avril said, they would only treat it as a game. 
As the guests returned to their senses, they observed the two similarly dressed "brides" and whispered amongst each other.
"Can you tell which is which? I don't know which one's the real bride."
"The outfits are the same, and they're both holding bouquets. Also, they've hidden their faces under those veils. I doubt Mr. Ivor can recognize which one's his bride." 
"What if Mr. Ivor makes a mistake? That would be embarrassing."
"It's all about excitement and suspense. I'm starting to feel nervous for Mr. Ivor."
"I hope the bride lifts her veil soon. I can't wait to see what she looks like."
"I know, right? I'm just as curious as you are!"
Suddenly, or headed for the
woman on the left. He stopped and
looked
low
at her tenderly. His voice
and gentle, "Honey?"
was
Bonnie smirked under the veil when she heard his affectionate voice.
###Chapter 925
'I knew he would recognize me immediately.'
Suddenly, Ivor lifted Bonnie's veil and immediately put it over his head, hiding under it with her. The latter's world fell silent momentarily when she smelled her soon-to-be husband's cologne. Then, Ivor leaned in and smirked, saying, "Gotcha."
He stood so close to Bonnie that his minty-fresh breath brushed past her cheeks, causing her to blush. She said shyly, "Stop that, Ivor. There are a lot of people watching."
Ivor gleamed with joy when he saw her blushing. He said hoarsely, "Don't worry. No one can see us under your veil."
Bonnie wanted to say something, but he kissed her lips to silence her. The former felt breathless and let out a soft m***. The guests closest to them heard it and knew what was happening under the veil.
Avril also heard it and realized Ivor had already identified Bonnie. Avril felt disappointed and could not help but pout.
'Sigh, that wasn't a challenge to Ivor. I should've listened to Bonnie and not done this. Not only did I fail to trick Ivor, but I'm now also a third wheel.'
With that in mind, Avril quietly moved aside to give the couple space. Meanwhile, the guests watched curiously.
"That's amazing! How did Mr. Ivor recognize the bride so quickly? Those two women looked identical to me."
"Mr. Ivor must be deeply in love with his bride, or he couldn't have identified her that quickly."
"Now, I'm even more curious about the bride's appearance and i
Who is she? Mr. Ivor treate
well." 
"Mr. Ivor is the epitome of a fine man. I'd be so happy to be his wife that I would probably faint."
"He once said he liked girls who can be his equal. The woman he's about
to marry must be as outstanding as
him." 
Bonnie blushed as she listened to the guests' comments. Then, she looked at Ivor and whispered, "m curious, too. How'd you recognize me so fast?" 
Ivor said mysteriously, "Guess."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "I'm not guessing. I don't care if you tell me or not."
'Is he trying to toy with me? Well, I'm not buying it!'
Ivor chuckled and pinched her cheek. "My intuition led me to you. I just followed my heart and found you."
###Chapter 926
Bonnie rolled her eyes again, looking at him as if he were a fool. "Do you think I'd believe that nonsense?" "Haha-" Ivor let out a deep, low chuckle from his throat.
"Alright, alright, I won't tease you anymore. Actually, I recognized you from your stance."
"Stance?" Bonnie was surprised; she couldn't even remember her stance. "How did you tell?"
Ivor smiled as he explained, "Your stance is very straight, like a proud little poplar standing against the wind-neither humble nor arrogant. Just by standing there, you become a sight to behold, naturally drawing everyone's attention. In contrast, Avril's stance, while not bad, is noticeably different from yours. That's how I recognized you immediately."
After hearing his words, Bonnie's eyes sparkled. She muttered, "I didn't realize you observe me so closely."
"Only by doing so can I understand you better." Ivor's large hand slid down, accurately finding and holding Bonnie's hand. "The ceremony is about to start. Let's go inside."
Feeling her chest swell with emotion from his words, Bonnie heard him mention the ceremony and responded gently, "Alright."
Ivor lowered his head, stepped out under the veil, and led Bonnie forward.
The guests watching were craning their necks, eagerly staring at Bonnie's veil, hoping to glimpse the bride's true face when Ivor emerged from under it. However, the veil was quickly put back in place, hiding the bride's face entirely before they could see anything,
The guests were greatly disappointed and let out heavy sighs.
"Sigh! Mr. Ivor is keeping the bride too hidden. Does he not want us to see her at all?"
"How beautiful must she be for Mr. Ivor to keep her so secretive? Even on their wedding day, he won't let us see even a bit of her."
"You know, Mr. Ivor is a man who
can make the whole city tremble just by stomping his foot. To be so deeply pampered by such a cold and noble man makes me envious." 
"Yes, yes, so many noble ladies had lined up hoping to catch Mr. Ivor's eye back then, but they all failed. After that, everyone thought Mr. Ivor wasn't interested in women, but seeing him spoil his wife now he's more intense than anyone!" 
The guests could talk for days about Ivor's past rejections of women. But that was all in the past. Mr. Ivo now had a wife he adored, and they could only gossip about it casually.
Next, Bonnie and Ivor entered the hall and began the Western wedding ceremony.
They had simplified many steps, so the ceremony only took a few minutes to complete.
Avril had already changed back into her prepared dress. Seeing the ceremony concluded, she was the first to offer her blessings. "Mr. Ivor, Bonnie, congratulations on your marriage. Wishing you a lifetime of happiness."
Ivor and Bonnie responded in unison, "Thank you."
"Thank you."
Bonnie and Ivor smiled at each other as they heard each other's voices.
Then Ivor glanced at Floyd, standing not far away, and instructed, "Give Miss Avril a big gift."
"Yes," Floyd agreed immediately, and Ivor's voice followed again.
"Not just Miss Avril, but everyone who comes forward to offer blessings today, give them all a gift. No one should be left out."
###Chapter 927
Floyd responded again, "Yes, boss."
The guests already intended to step forward and offer their blessings. They all rushed forward to join in the excitement after hearing Ivor's announcement.
"Mr. Ivor, I wish you and Ms. Bonnie all the best and a marriage sweeter than honey."
"Mr. Ivor, I wish you and Ms. Bonnie enduring love, never parting."
"Mr. Ivor, I wish you and Ms. Bonnie..."
As Ivor had stated, every guest who came forward to offer their blessings received a substantial gift-an envelope containing at least five grand.
Considering the total number of guests at the wedding banquet, giving out these envelopes would amount to millions!
This money was practically being given away for free! It indeed showed the generosity and grandeur of the Knight family.
Harold arrived with the Shepard family outside the venue to offer their congratulations. At the door, he ran into Briggs, an old friend, and initiated a conversation.
"The Knight family's display is truly impressive. The girl marrying Mr. Ivor is incredibly fortunate," Harold remarked, his tone filled with amazement as he looked at the countless limited-edition luxury cars around him.
He felt disappointed looking back at his two granddaughters, Trina and Fernanda. He had heard that the girl marrying dvor was about the same age as his granddaughters. How was it that someone else had
married into a top-tier family so early while his granddaughters had not achieved anything notable?
However, compared to Bonnie, his granddaughters were at least obedient and well-behaved. He wouldn't ask for much more if they didn't cause trouble like Bonnie.
Briggs shook his head at Harold's words. "Mr. Harold, you're mistaken. That girl doesn't need to rely on Mr. Ivor at all. She's got a fortune."
Harold's eyes widened in surprise. "Whose daughter is she? How can her family be so wealthy?"
Briggs shook his head again. "I don't know."
"Briggs, didn't you arrive early? How could you not know? Or are you just not willing to share the inside scoop with me?" Harold probed, his mind already working on a plan.
He hoped to get some insider information from Briggs about the identity of this wealthy daughter so that his granddaughters could try to ingratiate themselves with her, thereby benefiting their own family.
Briggs, a shrewd businessman, saw
right through Harold's intentions but
genuinely knew nothing about the matter. "Mr vor has kept his bride well hidden. Even I haven't seen what she looks like. I just went inside to offer my blessings and receive my door gift. It was too stuffy inside, so I came out for some fresh air and happened to run into you. It's quite lively inside now; you should hurry in with your family. You might get a chance to see what the bride looks like." 
Harold thought that even if they didn't see the bride, it would be good to network and make connections inside. So he agreed. "Alright, alright. Briggs, we'll head inside first Let's chat again when I come out."
With that, Harold led the Shepard family toward the entrance, only to be stopped by the guards at the door.
###Chapter 928
Harold and the rest of the Shepard family exchanged bewildered looks, not understanding the situation.
Gresham was the first to react, stepping forward to question the guard. "The Knight family is hosting a grand banquet today, and nearly everyone of note in Pyralis is here. Our Shepard family is no different. Why are you stopping us but letting everyone else in?
"Even if we were to be turned away, we deserve to know the reason for this treatment. Are we being singled out?"
The guard responded, "We have orders from above: no one from the Shepard family is allowed to enter."
Gresham immediately asked, "Why?"
The guard replied, "We only follow orders. We don't know anything beyond that."
Gresham was taken aback by the guard's firm stance and didn't know what to say next. He returned to Harold and whispered, "Dad, what should we do now? Should we go back?"
Harold's face was tense, and his sharp eyes scanned the Shepard family members behind him. "Have any of you caused trouble recently to offend the Knight family?"
Fernanda and Trina quickly stepped forward to clarify.
"Grandpa, I've been with my parents recently and have been very well-behaved. I haven't caused any trouble at all," Fernanda said, glancing at Trina. "As for some people, I wouldn't know."
Trina momentarily turned pale as
she recognized the insinuation in Fernanda's words. She bit her lip
and looked at Harold with a weak et
pitiful expression. "Grandpa, I've been dedicating my time to improving my research skills. I
haven't had any contact with the Knight family." 
Vera was worried that Harold might connect this to Trina's previous incident, so she quickly stepped in to support her: "That's right, Dad. Trina has been working so hard recently and focusing solely on her research. She's aiming to join Ms. Bonita's institute and hasn't had any time to interact with anyone from the Knight family." 
Upon hearing their explanations, Harold's expression softened a bit. "It's good that you haven't caused any trouble."
Despite this, his confusion grew. If no one in their family had offended the Knight family, why were they being barred from entering?
Harold was unable to figure it out. He glanced at Briggs standing nearby, thinking he might know something. He approached Briggs with this in mind.
"Briggs, what a mess! Our family is being barred from entry. I've already asked the younger ones, and none of them have interacted with the Knight family. Could it be a mistake?"
Briggs thought to himself, 'You're asking me? I'm not part of the Knight family, how would I know the reason?' Though he thought this, he maintained a polite demeanor and responded accordingly.
"There must be a mistake. After all,
the Shepard family isn't known for causing trouble, right? But the Knight family is busy with the
wedding right now and probably net
doesn't have time to handle this. Maybe you should take your family back for now and discuss this with them later when they have more time." 
###Chapter 929
Harold thought carefully and realized that this made sense. Standing around with the whole family here would only bring more embarrassment. It would be better to return home and figure out the reason later. Just as he was about to suggest leaving, he noticed Bonnie's adoptive parents heading toward the main entrance, carrying large bags that appeared to be filled with local specialties. Harold's face immediately showed disdain.
"How dare these country bumpkins show up here? They're making a fool of themselves!"
Upon hearing this, the rest of the Shepard family followed Harold's gaze and saw Gerald and his wife. They joined in the mockery.
"Do they think bringing a few bags of their local products to a wedding banquet will allow them to freeload? Aren't they afraid the guards will toss them out like garbage?"
Trina, seeing this, quickly covered her face and tried to hide behind the Shepard family members. She thought the last thing she wanted was for Gerald and his wife to recognize her in such a grand event. Otherwise, she'd indeed be ridiculed along with them.
Fernanda noticed Trina's actions and sarcastically remarked, "Trina, those are your biological parents. Aren't you going to greet them? What are you hiding for? Afraid of losing face?"
Grinding her molars, Trina looked at Fernanda with a hint of anger. "Fernanda! Can you shut up?!"
"Oh? You don't even acknowledge your parents, and I'm not allowed to comment?" Fernanda sneered, wanting to say more, but Grant intervened.
"Alright, Fernanda, that's enough! If we get embarrassed because of you, Grandpa will surely reprimand you when we get back!"
Fernanda begrudgingly restrained herself and gave Trina a heavy snort before turning her attention away.
Standing beside Harold, Briggs listened to their exchange and looked at Gerald and his wife mockingly. "Harold, you all seem quite familiar with these bumpkins. You must have quite a connection, huh?"
Harold's face changed instantly, and
he quickly distanced himself. "Us,
have a connection with those bumpkins? Do you think that's possible? We've just seen them a few times by chance. We're only discussing their audacity to show up at such an event!" 
Briggs joined the discussion by sensing the underlying relationship but not exposing it. "Exactly, Harold is right. They are truly shameless. Anyone with half a brain would know the Knight family would never entertain people like them. They look so impoverished yet dare to come here? They're just asking for humiliation. I can't wait to see the guards throw them out!" 
in
Harold looked again at Gerald and his wife with contempt. "I bet the moment the guards see them, they be thrown out with all their stuff. They're only standing there now because the guards haven't noticed them yet." 
Briggs nodded in agreement. "Harold, you're right! Look, they're almost at the entrance. If nothing goes wrong, they should be thrown out in about five seconds. Let's wait and watch the show!"
The crowd stood by, eager to witness Gerald's family get humiliated. However, what happened next left everyone dumbfounded!
###Chapter 930
To everyone's surprise, instead of throwing Gerald and his wife out as anticipated, the two guards at the entrance courteously took their items and respectfully escorted them inside.
The crowd gradually came to their senses when Gerald and his wife's figures disappeared from view. Harold's face stiffened, his expression filled with astonishment. He and the rest of the Shepard family looked extremely displeased as they stood stiffly.
Others began to mock them upon seeing this scene.
"These people were just making fun of them, thinking they were superior. Now look, the bumpkins got in while they were left outside. Isn't that a slap in the face?"
"Exactly! With their sycophantic behavior, how do they have the audacity to look down on others? They must have done something to upset the Knight family. Otherwise, why would the Knight family shut them out on such a joyous day?"
"I think we should distance ourselves from them to avoid any trouble."
As soon as this was said, several guests standing close quickly stepped back as if afraid of catching some contagious disease. Even Briggs, who had been chatting warmly with Harold earlier, now avoided them.
When Harold glanced at him with a steely gaze, Briggs made a hasty excuse. "Oh, Harold, I just remembered I have some urgent business to attend to. Let's catch up another day."
With that, he turned and left, making it clear he was avoiding them like the plague.
As the spectators saw this, their contempt and scorn intensified even further.
These looks were as painful as being skinned alive for the reputation-conscious Shepard. family. Gresham's face burned with embarrassment as he lowered his
head and avoided looking at anyone.
He then subtly moved closer to Harold and whispered, "Dad, given the current situation, staying here isn't helping. We should probably go back."
Harold clenched and unclenched his fists several times, his eyes filled with deep reluctance. He gave the Knight family's entrance one last long look before turning sharply. "Let's go!" With his command, the Shepard family followed closely behind and left the venue.
Once in the car, Vera voiced her confusion. "What is going on with the Knight family? Why did they block us but let Gerald's family in? Are we really considered lower than those hicks?"
Gresham, seeing her frustration,
gently patted her hand to soothe her. "Don't forget, Benedict's status has drastically changed. The Knight family must be treating them respectfully because Benedict is Mr. Hamish's apprentice. If it were any other day, the Knight family wouldn't have let people like them get anywhere near." 
Upon hearing this, Vera remembered Benedict's prestigious connection. If that was the case, it all made sense. After all, without that connection, Gerald's family had nothing else noteworthy. 
However, she still couldn't understand why the Knight family would treat the Shepard family so differently. "But even so, why block us? What could we have done to deserve this?"
###Chapter 931
Vera asked, "The Shepard family's status in Pyralis isn't any lower than Benedict's status as Mr. Hamish's apprentice, right? So why are we the ones being barred?" Gresham shrugged. "I can't figure that out either."
Vera frowned deeply upon hearing this. "It looks like we'll need to discuss this with Dad when we get back and have him investigate the reason. Our family can't be driven away without knowing why." Gresham nodded in agreement. "That's our only option."
Trina bit her lip to prevent her from speaking as she listened to their conversation while seated in the rear seat. She had a vague suspicion about the situation but didn't dare voice it.
Trina had often suspected that Bonnie might be Ivor's fiancée, but it was only a suspicion, not a certainty. Today's events seemed to validate her suspicion, though she still needed more evidence. Meanwhile, Gerald and Welma were greeted by Benedict as soon as they entered. "Dad, Mom, why did you arrive so late? The wedding ceremony is already over."
Gerald looked embarrassed. "Your mother and I thought we'd bring you and Bonnie some local specialties from home, but it took longer to pack them, and then we got stuck in traffic. That's why we're late."
Benedict glanced behind them and saw the bodyguards holding nylon bags full of local specialties. "If my sister and I want to eat them, we can go home ourselves. You came all this way and brought so much stuff;
wasn't it tiring?" he said, feeling both
touched and exasperated,
"It wasn't tiring at all," Welma said while craning her neck to look inside. "Where's Bonnie? I've been dreaming all night about seeing her in her wedding dress. I want to see her now." Although Bonnie had sent many photos, none compared to seeing her in person.
"Don't worry," Benedict said with a smile. He took the food items from the bodyguards and led his parents inside. "Sis is waiting backstage. I'll take you to her."
As they walked, Welma marveled at the opulent surroundings and then quickened her pace to walk beside. Benedict Benny, do you think bringing these bags of local specialties makes us look too shabby? Maybe we should leave them here and sneak them to your sister later?" 
She recalled the whispers and judgmental looks they had
encountered upon entering, feeling a bit downhearted. "Your sister is so outstanding, but we look so poor. I'm worried that bringing these things will make people look down to
on her." 
###Chapter 932
Benedict saw Wilma's dejected expression and felt a surge of heartache. Realizing something was amiss, he held her mother's shoulders and asked, "Mom, did someone say something unpleasant to you and Dad when you came in?"
Welma's eyes flickered evasively. "No, no, it's just that I suddenly felt it might not be appropriate."
Seeing her mother's apparent attempt to hide the truth, Benedict frowned and was about to say something when she heard Bonnie's voice.
"Dad, Mom, why are you just standing there? Why don't you come inside?"
Welma saw Ivor standing beside Bonnie, worried about embarrassing Bonnie, and was about to signal Benedict to hide the bags. Before she could do so, Bonnie and Ivor walked over.
Bonnie's eyes lit up when she saw the two nylon bags in Benedict's hands. "Dad, Mom, did you bring me these from the countryside?"
Welma felt ashamed since she was still troubled by the remarks made by the folks about them being country bumpkins.
She lowered her head and spoke softly. "Yes... We didn't know what else to bring, so we brought some of your favorites from home. I hope you don't mind."
"Mom! I love them! Why would I mind?" Bonnie said. She then took one of Benedict's nylon bags and opened it.
Seeing the bag full of chestnuts, she picked one up and started eating it. "Mmm, it's so sweet. The chestnuts from home are the best."
Then she took another chestnut and offered it to Ivor. "Try it. See how it tastes."
Ivor cracked the shell and ate the chestnut, then praised it. "The flesh is very sweet. It's so delicious."
Welma, initially tense and worried
that Ivor would disdain their count
goods, felt relieved seeing him eat it. She relaxed her demeanor. "If you
like it, we'll bring more next time." 
Ivor smiled warmly. "Thank you, Mom." Then he turned to Gerald and added, "Thank you, Dad."
Gerald laughed heartily and waved it off. "We're family, no need to be so formal."
Bonnie smiled warmly while walking between Welma and Gerald and linking arms with them. "Dad, Mom, you must be hungry after traveling such a long way. I've prepared a big meat for you inside. I specifically asked the chef to make it to your taste." 
Welma was touched by Bonnie's thoughtfulness and looked very gratified. "You're so considerate."
"This is just a small thing," Bonnie replied, leaning on Welma's shoulder. "You're my parents; it's the least I can do."
Welma was moved by her words and felt her eyes turn red.
Sensing her mother's emotional state, Bonnie deftly changed the subject. "Alright, alright, let's not get emotional. Let's go in and eat!" Welma nodded. "Okay."
After settling Welma and Gerald, Bonnie walked down the corridor. Her expression became more serious, and she turned to Benedict. "When met Mom and Dad just now, I felt something was off. Did someone say something unpleasant to them?" 
From the moment she met Welma and Gerald, Bonnie had sensed something was wrong. Welma's overly cautious demeanor seemed out of place, but she hadn't wanted to bring it up then.
###Chapter 933
After settling them down, Bonnie finally asked Benedict about the situation.
Benedict rubbed the back of her head. "I noticed too, but Mom refused to say anything when I asked her. She probably didn't want to trouble us."
Bonnie narrowed her eyes, a hint of coldness flashing within. It wasn't hard to guess that someone had spoken rudely in front of Welma and Gerald. Otherwise, they wouldn't have acted that way.
Her adoptive parents were people she deeply respected and loved. She would never let anyone insult them.
As she pondered this, her expression darkened. She was about to ask Benedict to find out more when Ivor interrupted her.
"Honey, I've already sent someone to investigate. We should have results soon, so don't worry," he said, stepping in front of her and gently pinching her cheek. "Smile, today is our big day. I don't want you to be unhappy."
Bonnie felt appreciated. She smiled. "Alright, alright, see? I'm smiling."
Ivor also smiled, "That's my good girl."
As they spoke, the sound of fireworks suddenly erupted outside the window.
One firework after another shot into the sky, blossoming brilliantly. Before long, the sky was filled with fireworks spelling out words.
"Best wishes to the newlyweds!"
"Long-lasting happiness"
Firework words appeared one after another. Bonnie was so mesmerized that she raised her delicate eyebrows.
"Who sent this firework show blessing? They're good at this!" she said while recalling the people she knew.
She thought for a long time but
couldn't figure out who it was. She checked her phone, and she saw no messages. The person who sent the fireworks was intent on remaining mysterious. 
Ivor shook his head, contemplating as well. "I can't think of who it might be either."
Bonnie chuckled, "How mysterious."
She withdrew her gaze from Ivor and looked out the window again. Something caught her eye, causing her eyebrows to arch even higher.
"I thought the fireworks show was over. Who knew there'd be a drone show?"
Ivor followed her gaze upwards
upon hearing this. There were countless drones, each carrying. colorful balloons. The balloons bore words of congratulations for Bonnie
and Ivor's wedding. 
"Congratulations to the newlyweds. May you have a harmonious union and many children!"
"Sweet and happy as always."
The drones began to release
flowers, creating a cascade of petals
that filled the sky like rain. Bonnie extended her fingers and caught a few petals through the window She marveled helplessly, "It's so O beautiful." 
###Chapter 934
Ivor enjoyed the beautiful scene before them as he wrapped his arms around Bonnie's slender waist from behind.
"It is beautiful. I don't know who came up with such a creative way to celebrate, but when we find them, I will make sure to thank them properly."
Bonnie chuckled at his words. "I have an idea of who it might be, but I'm not entirely sure."
"If you can't figure it out, don't worry about it. I think they did this just to make us happy. As long as you're happy, that's all that matters," Ivor said, gently brushing a strand of her hair and playing with it between his long fingers.
"True," Bonnie agreed and nodded.
As the show outside seemed to end, she turned away from the window and yawned lazily. "I feel a bit tired."
Ivor massaged her shoulders gently and said soothingly, "Just hang in there a little longer. We still need to greet Grandpa. He said he has something very important to give you."
Bonnie glanced sideways at Ivor. "Do you know what Grandpa wants to give me? Can you decline it for me if it's something too valuable? I don't want to refuse him to his face and risk upsetting him.”
Ivor spread his hands helplessly. "Do you think Grandpa would tell me? I doubt anyone knows what he plans to give you except himself.”
"True," Bonnie sighed, pressing her temples as if to relieve a headache. "But I really don't want to accept something too valuable. Can you think of a way to help me?"
"You're his granddaughter-in-law. Whatever he gives you is out of his wish. Just accept it," Ivor said, massaging her shoulders again to help her relax. "Why refuse it?" Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Why? Because I'd feel embarrassed, of course."

"I see," Ivor smiled. Seeing how troubled she was, he softened his tone. "Alright, let's wait and see what Grandpa gives you. If you really don't want to accept it, just give me a look and I'll refuse it for you." 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow. "You said it. Don't let me down at the crucial moment!"
"Don't worry, I won't," Ivor promised, raising his hand. "I'm on your side."
Bonnie reluctantly nodded. "Alright, I'll trust you this time. If you deceive me, I'll never trust you again."
"Rest assured, I won't deceive you. We're on the same team," Ivor said, guiding Bonnie towards the resting area. "You said you were tired, right? Let's go to the lounge and rest for a while. I'll call you when it's time."
en.sw?ovels.net
Bonnie was exhausted and didn't refuse his suggestion. "I'll rest for a bit then. Make sure to take good care of my parents, and don't let anything go wrong." "Understood, my dear wife!" Ivor responded with a firm salute.
It was the first time Bonnie heard him call her his wife since they were officially married. The unexpected term of endearment made her cheeks flush with a rosy hue making her look even more beautiful. 
###Chapter 935
"You smooth talker!"
Feeling bashful, Bonnie shot Ivor a reproachful glance with her misty eyes. The sight made Ivor's throat dry, and a surge of heat rushed from within him. Unable to control himself, he nibbled on Bonnie's lips. "Honey, it's not even nighttime yet, and you're teasing me like this? Aren't you afraid I won't be able to hold back later and just "
Before he could finish his sentence, Bonnie quickly covered his mouth. "Can you shut up? If you keep talking like this, how am I supposed to rest?" She scolded him, giving him a playful yet reproachful look. This man used to be more restrained, but now that they were married, he seemed to have an endless stream of flirty comments without a hint of shame. Ivor kissed her once more before letting go of her shoulders.
"Alright, alright, you go rest. I'll go entertain the in-laws."
Bonnie watched his retreating figure, the blush on her cheeks lingering long after he left. She let it go and focused on resting as she was too tired to argue with her shameless husband.
While Bonnie slept soundly in the lounge, the guests outside were still buzzing with excitement from the fireworks and drone show. It took them a while to come down from the awe-inspiring spectacle. "Did you see those specially colored fireworks and the custom messages? Oh my god, it was so romantic. If someone did that for me at my wedding, I think I'd be so happy I'd faint."
"Yeah, and the drone show was amazing too. Just preparing all those balloons must have taken a lot of effort. And then there was the flower petal rain-such unique and thoughtful ideas. I wonder who prepared all this?"
"With so many influential people the
Knight family knows, there are plenty who could pull this off. But to actually go through with it, they must be very close. I can't think of anyone right now." 
"This isn't your wedding or your circle. It'd be strange if you knew."
"I was just guessing for fun. Why are you arguing with me?"
"Forget it, I don't want to argue. I'm just glad I was quick enough to record the whole fireworks and drone show. I'm going to upload it online. It's sure to get a lot of attention." "Hurry up, send it to me too."
The guests eagerly grabbed at the videos taken by one of them, capturing just how spectacular the event had been.
Inside the lounge, Bonnie woke up to see the sun setting behind the mountains. She rubbed her eyes and wondered why Ivor hadn't woken her up. Just then, she heard his voice. "How did you sleep? Was it comfortable?"
Bonnie turned her head and saw Ivor sitting not far away. She yawned stretched her slightly stiff muscles, and asked, "Weren't we supposed to greet Grandpa? Why didn't you wake me? What if we missed the time?" 
"Grandpa did come by to see you, but when he found out you were asleep, he ordered everyone not to disturb you," Ivor explained with a playful note. "It seems that in Grandpa's eyes, my status as his grandson is in jeopardy with you as his granddaughter-in-law 
###Chapter 936
Listening to Ivor's teasing, Bonnie raised her eyebrows and asked, "Is this the first time you've realized that?"
Ivor was momentarily stunned, then chuckled, "Honey, I'm already so upset, and you're adding salt to the wound instead of comforting me. You're really ruthless!" Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Do you think you look upset?"
Ivor covered his chest, pretending to be heartbroken, but before he could say anything, Bonnie interrupted, "Alright, alright, stop acting. It's over the top."
She stood up from the sofa and headed towards the bathroom. "Let me wash my face first, then we'll go greet Grandpa. It's not good to keep him waiting too long." Ivor smiled and agreed. "Alright, we'll do as you say."
Bonnie washed her face and exited the bathroom, and then she and Ivor went to the living room together.
Sigmund noticed them as soon as they entered. His face lit up with a smile when he saw Bonnie.
"Bonnie, did you rest well? If you're still tired, you can go back to your room and rest. We can talk in the morning."
Maisie chimed in, "Yes, you must be exhausted. A short rest is not enough. Go back to your room and rest."
Their concern filled Bonnie's heart with warmth. Sydney's sarcastic voice cut in just as she was about to say she had rested enough.
"I think young people today are too pampered. When we got married, the wedding ceremonies were much more complicated, and we never complained about being tired or needing a rest. "Meeting the in-laws after the wedding is an important tradition in our family, not something you skip because you're tired."
Bonnie turned her head slightly towards Sydney and gave her a half-smiling look. "Aunt Sydney, since + arrived, I haven't even had a chance to say anything, and you've already said so much. 
"Of course, you're an elder, and I'll humbly accept whatever you say about me. But if others overhear these words, they might mistakenly think you're deliberately picking on me, the new daughter-in-law."
en.sw?ovels.net
She was aware that Sydney was attempting to portray her as being disrespectful of her elders. But no, she wasn't going to accept that.
"You, I" Sydney was at a loss for words. She stood there with her neck stiff, unable to come up with a retort.
Sigmund gave Sydney a warning look. "Sydney, today is Ivor and Bonnie's big day. Say less, so there's no gossip."
The old man's authority in the Knight family was unquestionable. Since he said this, Sydney couldn't argue further. "Got it!"
However, she still shot Bonnie in the
glare. When Bonnie realized this, she treated her as though she were invisible and ignored her. This attitude infuriated Sydney even more, making her face red with suppressed anger. 
As Maisie watched from the sidelines, she felt a bit of admiration for Bonnie.
###Chapter 937
Initially, Maisie had thought of stepping in to help Bonnie. However, it was clear that Bonnie would never let herself be mistreated. Sigmund grinned as he turned back to face Bonnie. "Would you like to rest some more, or should we proceed with the tradition?"
"Grandpa, I've already rested well in the lounge. I'm full of energy now, and I can handle the tradition without any issues," Bonnie said while glancing at Sydney. "Besides, if I don't stay, I'm sure Aunt Sydney will have more to say."
Sydney's already angry face darkened further. "You-"
But before she could finish, Gunnar interrupted, "Alright, alright. With Dad and Aunt here, let's hold off on this discussion. We can talk more when we get home."
Sydney was still furious, even though she knew he was correct. However, realizing the situation, she forced herself to swallow her anger for now.
Ivor grinned and gave Bonnie the thumbs up. In a voice only the two of them could hear, he said, "Honey, you're getting more impressive by the day." Bonnie raised an eyebrow slightly and showed an indifferent expression.
The butler came with tea for the family.
Sigmund beamed as he instructed, "Butler, bring the wedding gift I prepared for Bonnie."
"Yes, sir." The butler nodded and headed upstairs.
Bonnie whispered to Ivor, "Don't forget what you promised me in
lounge If Grandpa's gift vel.?
extravagant, you must help
sto
decline it." 
én.swnovels.net
Ivor chuckled and nodded. "Got it. How could I forget a promise to my wife?"
Bonnie was still a little
uncomfortable when she heard the personal term "wife" again, and her cheeks soon turned pink. “You usually joke around, but now with so many elders present, how can you stiff joke? Aren't you embarrassed?" 
Ivor smiled even more, noticing the blush on her cheeks. He leaned closer, holding her hand and intertwining their fingers. "Isn't that a normal term for a married couple? What's there to be embarrassed about? Honey, we've been together for so long and now we're married. It's time for you to let go of that shyness." 
Bonnie glanced at him sideways and rolled her eyes. "Let go of my shyness? What, do you prefer more outgoing women?"
###Chapter 938
Ivor paused for a moment, then immediately denied it. "Honey, I never said such a thing. Don't go throwing accusations at me."
Bonnie crossed her arms, lips quirked in a half-smile as she looked at Ivor. "You say I'm shy and need to change. Isn't that just a subtle way of telling me you prefer bold and daring women? If that's your type, can introduce you to some. I know quite a few of those."
Though she was smiling, Ivor could still sense the chill in her tone. "Honey, I didn't mean it that way. You misunderstood me."
He quickly looked to Maisie for help, silently urging her to speak up.
Maisie shot Ivor a reproachful glance. She wasn't initially inclined to help him, but for the sake of harmony between him and Bonnie, she stood up and lent a hand. “Bonnie, he's not good with words. Don't take him too seriously."
Seeing Maisie speak up, Bonnie smiled and responded, "I was just teasing him. We often joke like this. Don't take offense."
"Couples bickering is fine, but never take it seriously, lest it damages the relationship," Maisie, being experienced in matters of marriage, advised with concern.
Bonnie nodded. "I understand."
Maisie smiled and nodded back. "That's good."
While they spoke, the butler brought the wedding gift Sigmund had prepared for Bonnie. It was a set of documents kept in a file.
After taking the file from the butler, Sigmund called Bonnie. "Bonnie, come here."
"Yes, Grandpa." Bonnie obediently approached.
Sigmund slowly opened the file and took out the documents inside. "This is 10 percent of the shares of the Knight Group. I'm transferring it to you. You can use these shares for whatever you want, and neither I nor anyone in our family will interfere." 
10 percent of the Knight Group's shares meant millions in dividends. each year without effort. Though Bonnie didn't need the money, she was moved by Sigmund's sincerity. However, since the shares betonged to the Knight family, she didn't want to accept them. 
"Grandpa, this gift is too valuable. I'm sorry, but I can't accept it," Bonnie said.
Sigmund stood up, walked over to her, and insisted on transferring the shares to her, not allowing her to refuse. "Since it's from your grandpa, you must accept it. No refusal allowed!" Bonnie pursed her lips, feeling somewhat lost as she held the shares.
She was about to look to Ivor for help in refusing when she heard Sydney's voice.
"Dad, Flynn is your grandson, and he carries the Knight family's blood. He also has 10 percent of the shares. Why should Bonnie, an outsider, have any?"
Sydney already didn't like Bonnie
and wanted to eliminate her from the Knight family. But now, Sigmund was giving Bonnie shares. With that, wouldn't it be even harder to get rid of her in the future? 
"Why? Because Bonnie is my granddaughter-in-law!" Sigmund's imposing gaze swept over Sydney.
"I know you're unhappy with my decision, but since I've made up my mind, no one can change it. You don't need to say anything more!" Sydney looked dissatisfied. "Dad, Bonnie-"
###Chapter 939
Sigmund's authoritative voice interrupted her before she could finish her sentence. "Gunnar, control your wife! If you don't want to stay here, you can leave. No one is forcing you to stay!" Gunnar knew that Sigmund was genuinely angry, so he didn't dare to say anything to him. Instead, he went to pull Sydney.
"Sydney, you know Dad's temper. It's better not to say anything now. Let's discuss it after we go back."
Speaking out here wouldn't just fail to gain Sigmund's support; it might even lead to his disapproval.
Sydney gave Gunnar a scowl at what he was doing. "Useless!"
Gunnar awkwardly smiled and patted Sydney's back to comfort her. "Alright, alright, calm down. Getting angry harms your health."
Seeing that even Gunnar couldn't help her, Sydney didn't say anything more. She just sat on the sofa with a stern face.
Once they quieted down, Sigmund looked back at Bonnie. "Bonnie, this is a token of affection from me. You must accept it, otherwise, I will think you don't want to be my granddaughter-in-law."
Bonnie knew that Sigmund was determined to give her these shares. Even if she refused now, Sigmund would find another opportunity to give them to her later.
So, Bonnie decided to accept them. After all, it was just ten percent of the shares; she could return them later if needed.
Bonnie finally accepted the shares. "Thank you, Grandpa."
When Sigmund saw her accept, a smile appeared on his face. "No need to be so polite. Just keep them well.”
"Okay." Bonnie smiled in response.
In the meantime, Sydney's
murmuring voice sounded again. "You seemed very determined to refuse just now, but now you're taking it as soon as it's offered t makes people suspect if you're playing hard to get."
Bonnie's smile faded slightly when she heard this, and she turned to look in Sydney's direction.
"You have been expressing your dissatisfaction with me. Perhaps you feel upset because Grandpa didn't give you any shares. Should I
ask Grandpa to change the name on the share transfer document to
yours?" 
"I didn't mean that. I'm just stating facts. You shouldn't be angry, right?" Sydney said with a forced smile, showing her dislike for Bonnie.
"You're my Aunt. How could I dare to be angry with you? I just want to tell you that if you have something to say, just say it. Who can understand your intentions if you're sneaking around?" Bonnie deliberately waved the shares in front of Sydney.
"Since you don't want the shares but have an issue with me, then I must accept them even more. Otherwise, it would disappoint your expectations, right?”
Her words were clear in their implication: the more Sydney didn't want her to accept, the more determined she was to do so. She wanted to infuriate Sydney and not yield to her wishes! Sydney's chest began to heave painfully.
"Bonnie! Just because Dad spoils you doesn't mean you can act recklessly! You-"
###Chapter 940
Bonnie gave Sydney a cold, menacing gaze that stopped her before she could say anything more.
"Aunt Sydney, you've been picking fights constantly, but it's about time you stop!"
Sydney's face darkened, but Bonnie's commanding voice rang out again before she could respond.
"I'm calling you Aunt out of respect and politeness. But at the very least, you should act like an elder. Don't think that just because I've been speaking nicely to you, you can walk all over me! If it weren't for your son, Ivor, and Grandpa, I would've kicked you out long ago!"
Previously, Bonnie had decided not to stoop to Sydney's level, considering that it was her and Ivor's wedding day. However, Sydney hadn't shown self-control. On the contrary, she had grown even more domineering.
'How can I tolerate this? If I did, I wouldn't be me!'
Sydney could feel the intense hostility emanating from Bonnie, her face turning paler with each passing second.
Seeing this, Maisie slowly got out of her chair and moved to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Bonnie.
"Bonnie's words are my words! If you dare to cause trouble again, not only will she take action against you, but I will too!"
Maisie's presence alone exuded a commanding aura.
Sydney looked from Maisie to Bonnie, her fear causing her legs to turn jelly.
Bonnie and Maisie were the renowned disciples of Master Arturo. With her frail physique and lack of fighting skills, Sydney was no match for them!
Gunnar quickly stepped forward to
support the shaky Sydney. He then said in a low and resigned voice. "Didn't I tell you not to speaknow? Look at the mess you've created..." en.swhovels.net
He sighed heavily before continuing, "Staying here won't help. Should we head back?"
Overwhelmed by Bonnie and
Maisie's combined presence, Sydney
became pale and had difficulty breathing. She had already wanted
to leave but had been holding on to maintain a semblance of dignity.
Now that Gunnar had spoken, she seized the opportunity to retreat without losing too much face. "Then tell Dad, and let's leave quickly!"
Staying here had become a torment for her. She didn't want to stay a moment longer!
Gunnar patted her shoulder reassuringly before turning to Sigmund. "Dad, Sydney isn't feeling well. I'll take her home. Please continue your conversation."
Sigmund's face remained stern, and he coldly responded after a moment, "Go ahead."
"Maisie, we're leaving now," Gunnar nodded slightly to Maisie before helping Sydney leave.
Maisie frowned, watching their retreating figures, "I remember Sydney wasn't like this before. What happened to her?"
Bonnie thought back to the origins
of her conflict with Sydney, a story too complicated to explain in a few sentences. So, she casually replied, "Maybe Aunt Sydney just doesn't like me. But it's okay, I won't let myself be bullied." 
###Chapter 941
Maisie's face lit up with a smile as she patted Bonnie's shoulder approvingly. "That's the spirit! Even though she's an elder, we shouldn't let her walk all over us! "Besides, you're my junior, which puts you on equal footing with me, so you're practically her peer. Don't hold back if she makes things difficult for you-just fight back!"
Bonnie nodded, "I know."
While they conversed, Maisie thought back on what had happened, looking guiltily at Bonnie.
"When Sydney was provoking you earlier, I should have stood up for you right away. But I held back for the sake of family harmony."
She gently took Bonnie's hand and said in a voice of remorse. "You don't blame me, do you?"
Bonnie squeezed Maisie's hand in return, smiling as she replied, "Master Maisie, how could I blame you for such a small matter? That would be too petty of me."
Maisie's worry melted away upon hearing this. "I'm glad you don't blame me. I was afraid you felt wronged and that I did nothing to help."
"Not at all," Bonnie reassured her with another smile. "Besides, you stood up for me later, and that made me very happy."
Maisie finally felt completely at ease and made a promise to Bonnie. "Still, I meant what I said. If she ever dares to treat you like that again, I won't tolerate it! No matter what, I won't let my junior be wronged!" Bonnie was touched. "Thank you, Master Maisie."
"There's no need to thank me," Maisie waved it off. "We're like family since we are from the same academy. It's only right for me to help you!"
Bonnie was about to say something more when Ivor's voice interrupted them. Uh, Mom, don't you think it's a bit odd to still call her juniornow that she's your daughter-in-law?" 
Bonnie was his lawfully wedded wife, yet she called his mom "Master Maisie," which felt like it lowered his rank.
"It does seem a bit inappropriate," Maisie mused, turning to Bonnie with a tentative suggestion. "How about you try calling me something else?"
While they might not mind, it did seem a bit strange for outsiders.
Bonnie looked at Maisie, took a deep breath, and opened her mouth. But the word "Mom" lingered at the tip of her tongue, refusing to come out. It felt too abrupt to shift from calling her "Master Maisie" to "Mom". 
Seeing Bonnie's struggle, Maisie offered another idea. "How about calling me 'Mom Maisie ?""
Bonnie's mouth twitched involuntarily. Her face displayed her exasperation. That sounded even more awkward than "Mom" alone!
Noticing Bonnie's difficulty, Ivor decided not to push her further. "If Bonnie isn't comfortable, let's not force it."
Bonnie hesitated a while before continuing so as not to upset Ivor. "Give me some time to get used to it. It's a bit hard to adjust all of a sudden."
"Of course, take all the time you
need," Maisie said nonchalantly.
Then, with a sudden glint in her eye, she nudged Bonnie playfully. "Alright, enough talking. Go back to your room with Ivor and rest! Today is your big day, and every moment of your wedding night is precious. Don't waste this wonderful time!"
###Chapter 942
Under Maisie's teasing gaze, Bonnie's cheeks turned a light shade of red. She felt shy and didn't know how to respond.
But Maisie had a point-time spent together on their wedding night was precious.
Ivor noticed Bonnie's bashfulness, and a small smile played on his lips. He wrapped his long arm around Bonnie's shoulders, pulling her into his embrace. "Mom, she's a bit shy. Don't tease her too much." "Oh, you're defending her now!" Maisie's heart warmed at seeing the couple's affection.
Sigmund felt immensely gratified as well. "Alright, it's getting late. It's about time to rest. If this goes on, my old bones won't hold up."
Bonnie noticed the faint fatigue in Grandpa Sigmund's eyes and nodded in agreement. "Okay, Grandpa, we'll head back now. You should rest early too."
"Alright, go on now," Sigmund said before waving them off.
Ivor nodded and held Bonnie's hand as they left together. Maisie felt a deep sense of happiness and satisfaction watching them go.
"I used to worry if Ivor's bad temper would keep him from finding a wife. Now it seems my worries are unfounded."
Speaking of this, Sigmund showed a hint of pride in his eyes. "It's because I had the foresight to arrange a wife for him early on. Otherwise, he wouldn't have found one so easily!"
Maisie laughed, agreeing with Sigmund. "Yes, yes, Dad, you're the one with the most foresight in our family."
In their room, Bonnie began to take off her heavy wedding attire piece by piece. Suddenly, the sound of a vibrating phone broke the silence.
She glanced over to see that
someone was calling Ivor. She looked at the caller ID for a moment before calling out towards the
bathroom, "Ivor, someone's calling yout." 
"Coming," Ivor responded quickly after emerging from the bathroom. He glanced at the caller ID and then looked at Bonnie. "I'll step outside."
"Okay," Bonnie replied, watching Ivor
leave with a hint of suspicion in her eyes. Normally, Ivor took his calls front of her. His decision to step
outside this time was unstep
Perhaps it was something he didn't want her to know about. 
She could understand, though. Everyone had their secrets, and not everything needed to be shared.
Ivor answered the call on the balcony, "Is everything ready?"
A man's voice quickly responded, "Yes, everything is in place."
Ivor's lips curled into a faint smile. "Good job." After ending the call, a bright gleam flashed in his eyes as he pondered something.
Ivor came back to see Bonnie
fiddling with her phone while seated
on the bed. She had changed out of her wedding dress and into a comfortable set of pajamas. He strode over to her and asked, "Not tired today? You've changed into your pajamas but aren't resting yet." 
Bonnie looked up at him. "I rested plenty in the lounge earlier, so I'm not very sleepy now."
"Is that so?" Ivor's smile deepened. He scooped her up from the bed and said, "If you're not tired, then let's do something meaningful."
Concerned that she may fall, Bonnie reflexively wrapped her long, thin legs around Ivor's waist as her body was raised into the air.
###Chapter 943
Thinking back to what Ivor had just said, Bonnie's face suddenly flushed like a rose. "I-I think I want to sleep. I don't have the energy to do anything else."
Ivor watched her blushing cheeks and sparkling eyes, the curve of his lips lifting even more. "Bonnie, today is our wedding day, and as Mom said, the wedding night is very precious. Are you sure you want to sleep?"
Caught in his deep gaze, which drew her like a vortex, Bonnie looked away uneasily without moving. She whispered after a while, "Then, you decide. I won't sleep."
She decided to let him take the lead without protest.
Seeing Bonnie's extreme shyness yet still being considerate of his feelings, Ivor's eyes grew even darker and more intense. He firmly encircled her waist, lowered his head to bite her lip gently, and then set her down.
"We'll continue some things later. For now, let's drink some wine."
"Wine?" Bonnie was surprised at this and momentarily stunned. As she realized what he meant, her face reddened even more. "I-I don't think we need to drink the wine."
Just imagining the scene made her feel inexplicably flustered.
Ivor teased with his long eyebrows raised, "Do you want to get straight to the main event?"
Bonnie's eyes widened in shock, and she choked on her saliva. "Cough, cough, cough."
Ivor gently patted her back and chuckled, seeing her flushed cheeks from coughing. "Why are you so excited?"
Bonnie glared at him. "Do you think everyone is as shameless as you?"
Ivor remained silent, still smiling, as he moved to pour two glasses of wine. He brought one over to Bonnie. "Bonnie, come on."
Seeing that he had already prepared the glasses, Bonnie reached out to take the offered glass.
"Alright..."
Ivor intertwined his arm with
Bonnie's, his deep and possessiveet
gaze focked on her. "Once we drink this wine, you'll be completely mine." belongs to FindNovel.net
"Cough, cough-" Startled again, Bonnie choked and almost spilled her wine. She steadied herself just in time "Ivor! Can you stop saying things to scare me?" 
She suspected he was doing it on purpose, teasing her because of her exaggerated reactions.
Ivor's lips curved slightly, feigning innocence. "Bonnie, you're accusing me unfairly. I'm just speaking normally, how am I scaring you?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes dramatically. "You know exactly how you're scaring me."
Ivor chuckled softly and leaned
closer to Bonnie. They were already quite close, but now their breaths mingled intimately. Bonnie's face turned crimson again, and her heart pounded erratically. 
Thump, thump.
Each beat was louder than the last, resonating in her ears, making her gaze gradually dazed and unfocused...
###Chapter 944
Due to their close proximity, Ivor heard Bonnie's heartbeat getting louder, almost as if it was about to leap out of her chest. He smirked, leaned close to her ear, and gently exhaled warm breath into it. "Bonnie, why is your heart beating so fast? What are you nervous about?"
Bonnie was already so embarrassed that her toes were curling. She tried to dodge as she shrunk her neck even more at the sensation of Ivor's breath tickling her ear.
While dodging, she accused him helplessly, "Ivor! I think you're doing this on purpose!"
Ivor's lips curved higher as he held her waist and kept her firmly in his arms, ensuring the wine in their glasses didn't spill. "On purpose? Bonnie, you can't wrongly accuse an innocent person. I just wanted to drink wine with you. You're the one getting too excited."
Bonnie rolled her eyes dramatically at him. She was about to retort when Ivor silenced her with his lips pressed firmly against hers.
"Mm-" She involuntarily let out a muffled m*** and instinctively gripped his shirt.
They separated after a while, leaving Bonnie's eyes sparkling with a tiny layer of mist. Ivor was moved by a sudden surge of emotion and kissed her long lashes lightly,
Bonnie's lashes fluttered as she leaned into his chest to steady herself. Glancing at the wine still in her hand, she nudged his broad chest. "Are we going to drink this wine or not? If we keep messing around, it'll spill everywhere."
"It's okay, we can pour more if it
spills," Ivor said in a husky voice. The
look in his eyes grew even deeper and darker as he gazed at her lovely face. 
Bonnie's eyes flickered, and she looked away uneasily, sensing
something in his gaze. "If we'r net
going to drink the wine, let's just
drink it already." 
Ivor nodded in agreement. "You're right. Let's drink the wine first. As for the rest..." He paused deliberately, "We'll take our time with that."
Understanding the implication in his tone, the blush that had just receded from Bonnie's cheeks returned in full force. "Mm..."
She replied softly, trying to cover her embarrassment, but there was no hiding her flushed face. She wanted to say something to scold Ivor, but it seemed inappropriate no matter what she said. 
She realized that Ivor had become even more shameless than before their marriage. Both his words and actions were more unabashed than ever.
Ivor noticed Bonnie's dazed expression and gently caressed her chin, lifting it slightly. "What are you thinking about?"
Bonnie snapped back to reality. She coughed lightly in embarrassment. "Nothing. Let's drink the wine."
Knowing how shy Bonnie was about these things, Ivor decided not to push her. "Alright, let's drink the wine."
They held hands, looked into each other's eyes, and drained their glasses of wine.
###Chapter 945
Even though Sigmund and Maisie had intended to go rest, they remained outside the room and paid close attention to the sounds emanating from within.
Sigmund stood listening for a while but couldn't make sense of anything. He then turned to Maisie behind him and asked in a voice only they could hear, "Maisie, did you hear anything? How far have they progressed?"
Maisie listened for a while longer. "I couldn't hear very clearly, but it sounded like they were talking about something like the wine."
"Wine?" Sigmund showed a meaningful smile. "Looks like these young people know how to have fun."
Maisie's eyes also held a hint of amusement. "You can't tell usually, but I didn't expect our son to be quite savvy. Indeed, when a man is with the one he loves, many things come naturally, without the need for instruction from us."
"Of course. If we had to teach them everything, he wouldn't be my grandson!" Sigmund said, then suddenly waved at Maisie. "Maisie, come here, I have something to tell you."
Maisie approached, and Sigmund whispered his thoughts to her. Maisie's mouth twitched after listening.
"Dad, your thoughts... are really progressive."
Sigmund's tone contained a hint of excitement. "What do you think? If we do this, you can have a grandchild earlier, and I can have a great-grandchild sooner!"
Maisie tried to reason with Sigmund. "Dad, Bonnie is only 20 years old. There's no need to rush for a child. Besides, they've locked the door now. If we knock and send something in, won't it reveal our intentions? How could they possibly accept it?"
"That's true." Sigmund suddenly remembered Bonnie's status as a renowned science researcher. "Bonnie still has her career to focus on. It's indeed a bit too early for them to have a child. I was too hasty." Seeing Sigmund listening to reason, Maisie breathed a sigh of relief.
"Yes, Dad. Anyway, they're still young. Let them cultivate their relationship for a while longer. It's not too late to wait a few more years to have children."
"You're right." Sigmund nodded. "Since that's the case, let's go back first. Let's not disturb them anymore. It wouldn't be good if they found out later."
"Okay." Maisie agreed, and they left together.
Bonnie sat on the edge of the bed inside the room after drinking the wine. She furrowed her delicately arched eyebrows after noticing something. 
"Ivor, did you hear anything? It seems like there's someone outside the room."
Ivor had been immersed in intimacy with Bonnie and hadn't noticed.
"I didn't hear anything. Do you want me to go out and check now?"
Bonnie nodded. "Yes, it's better to go out and check. Otherwise, it feels strange." "Alright." Ivor strode over and opened the door.
Bonnie
but the his gazel
was no shadow or
anything in the empty hallway.
a owed his gaze
"Could it be my imagination?"
"It is strange. I heard someone talking just now."
"I know." Ivor looked understanding "It should be Grandpa coming
eavesdrop, wanting to hear a net
our progress." 
Bonnie's mouth twitched, her eyes showing a hint of surprise and disbelief.
"Grandpa? Are you sure? Does he have such a hobby?"
Ivor chuckled lightly and teased Bonnie. "Shall we go and ask?"
###Chapter 946
Bonnie could tell that Ivor intentionally provoked her, so she rolled her eyes at him in exasperation. She then lifted the blanket and lay down on the bed. "If you want to ask, then go ask yourself. I'm tired and want to sleep."
Ivor locked the door and immediately pounced over.
"Honey, didn't you just say you weren't tired? Now you're saying you are. Are you trying to make excuses to avoid tonight?"
"I didn't-"
Bonnie was interrupted by Ivor before she could finish her sentence.
"But now that we're married, you couldn't avoid it even if you intended to. After all, you can't escape your fate, right?"
Upon hearing this, Bonnie suppressed the embarrassment rising in her chest and her face turning red as she responded to Ivor's words.
"Don't misinterpret what I meant! I never said I wanted to avoid-"
Ivor's tall figure loomed over her before she could finish.
"I knew it. My honey is very willing to be close to me."
Bonnie felt speechless.
"You're taking advantage of the situation!"
Ivor chuckled lightly while lowering his body and getting closer to Bonnie.
Bonnie felt shy and pushed against his approaching body.
"It's too hot. Go and turn on the air conditioning."
Ivor didn't want to move. "Don't worry, just wait a bit longer."
"What are we waiting for " Bonnie stopped short as she met Ivor's deep and mysterious gaze.
It was like a bottomless vortex, causing her to freeze in place. She was caught off guard by the depth of his gaze.
Her voice stopped abruptly, and her thoughts were interrupted by Ivor's intense gaze.
Seizing the opportunity, Ivor closed the distance between them once again.
As the distance between them narrowed, their breaths mingled and merged.
Bonnie didn't know why, but she closed her eyes.
Seeing his wife so obedient, Ivor smiled as his thin lips slowly approached her rosy ones.
Just as his lips were about to touch hers, there was a sudden loud sound in his ear.
Thud.
Something had fallen to the ground.
Suddenly opening her eyes, Bonnie saw the man so close that she pushed him away with a hint of embarrassment.
"Um, you should check if something fell."
Ivor's eyes showed impatience. "It's just some trivial thing. There's no need to look."
"Let's still check. I remember that's where we stacked the wedding gifts people gave us. It wouldn't be good if something got damaged." Bonnie mainly wanted to buy some time. She felt a bit lightheaded since she and Ivor had been too close today. 
For some reason, she couldn't overcome the nervousness in her heart.
It would be better to calm down her emotions first.
Ivor also noticed this, so even
though he wanted to be close to his
wife, he restrained himself and 1.3
followed Bonnie's instructions.
"Then I'll go check. You wait for me in bed."
Bonnie responded, "Okay."
Ivor got up from Bonnie's body and
looked at the that had d with a hint of
Content
G
"What is this thing? Why have I never seen it before?"
Bonnie followed his gaze, but she couldn't see clearly what it was since the thing had fallen under the bed. "Take it out and let me see."
Ivor bent down, picked up the fallen , and handed it to Bonnie.
###Chapter 947
"Here, it's this one." After taking the box, Bonnie scrutinized it momentarily, then suddenly remembered. "Oh... I remember now. This is the wedding gift Avril gave me. She reminded me to open it in the room, but I have no idea what's inside."
When Avril gave her the gift and said those words, Bonnie suspected that whatever was inside must be scandalous. Nevertheless, she accepted it because it was probably not too extreme. She would've forgotten if she hadn't accidentally kicked it.
There was a mysterious smile in Ivor's eyes upon hearing this. "I think there should be something good inside."
Bonnie felt a bit speechless. "You haven't even seen it, and you already know it's something good?"
"Just a guess, I suppose it should be something good." Ivor raised an eyebrow at Bonnie. "Why don't you open it and see?"
Bonnie thought, since she already had it in her hands, she might as well open it. "Okay."
She bowed and cautiously lifted the box's cover. But her cheeks blushed at the sight of the red, alluring fabric inside the box, and she closed the lid hastily. It seemed she had underestimated Avril's audacity. Avril had never been in a romantic relationship, yet she dared to give her something so sensitive. It left Bonnie at a loss for words.
Seeing Bonnie's strange expression, Ivor was curious. "Honey, what exactly is it? Why are you so flustered?"
Bonnie shook her head, attempting to hide the box behind her. "It's nothing, just a little something between girls. Y-You're not allowed to look!"
The more Bonnie didn't want Ivor to see, the more he wanted to. "I won't look, but you have to tell me, what little thing is it?"
Bonnie bit her lip, and her face
scarlet. It was embarrassing for her to tell a man about this thing! So she silently cursed Avril. This girl had really given her a time bomb, leaving her unsure how to handle it. Well, she couldn't let Ivor see it, or he'd definitely make her wear it. 
"Why aren't you saying?" Ivor vaguely guessed what it was but still
pretended to ask. At the same ne
M
he seized the opportunity to slowly reach behind Bonnie. 
"I said it's something between girls so don't ask. Even if I tell you, you wouldn't understand." Bonnie kept thinking about how to deal with the box in her hand. 
She couldn't let the man see what was inside the box! Ivor suddenly leaned closer to Bonnie, and in her daze, he took the box hidden behind her.
"If you won't tell me, then I'll just see it myself."
Bonnie rushed over and tried to snatch the box back from him. "Give it to me, give it to me quickly, don't look!"
Ivor hugged Bonnie's waist, held her in his arms, and then opened the box with his free hand.
As Bonnie saw this scene, she hurried to try to stop him by extending her hand. "Don't!"
###Chapter 948
However, it was too late. Ivor had already opened the box, and a piece of red, alluring fabric spilled out, almost blending with the red blanket.
When Bonnie saw this scene, she felt her face heat up with agitation. Her cheeks flushed up to her ears.
She pursed her lips and then bent down to pick up the fallen items. However, as she made this motion, Ivor bent down and hooked the thing on his fingertips. Not only that, he also gave Bonnie a meaningful look as he carefully inspected the item.
"I never thought Avril would give us such a thing as a wedding gift."
He looked at Bonnie teasingly as he spoke, his lips curving slightly. "What do you think, honey? Want to try it on?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him and directly refused. "I won't wear it. If you want to wear it, do it yourself!"
She knew that what Avril had given her must be something like this. But she had never expected that Avril's gift this time would break the rules to such an extent that she couldn't even bear to look at it... "But this size is tailored to fit you, honey. If I wear it, it won't fit properly, right?" Ivor said while picking up the two pieces of lingerie and approaching Bonnie. "Or should I try it on? Otherwise, it would be a waste of Avril's good intentions."
Upon seeing the man approaching suddenly, Bonnie's cheeks reddened even more, and her ears burned. "Don't think I don't know what you're up to! Anyway, I definitely won't wear it."
Ivor held the two pieces of cloth and sighed as though he was thinking deeply about something. "Ah, I thought you would cooperate with me a little on our wedding day to make me happy. But if you're unwilling then forget it. I won't force you."
As Bonnie saw the man's attractive face fade, she was filled with guilt. Come to think of it, today was their wedding day, and they were supposed to do husband-and-wife things. There was no need to be so shy and secretive about it...
As she considered this, Bonnie inhaled deeply and attempted to utter the two words, "I agree." However, the words wouldn't come.
Bonnie was torn, and her eyebrows were furrowing slightly.
Although she felt that wearing such clothes was no big deal, there was just too little fabric, which made her feel extremely embarrassed. However, she didn't want to leave any regrets on this happy day.
Seemingly sensing Bonnie's hesitation, Ivor said, "If you don't want to wear it, honey, I won't force you." Ivor dropped his head, looking extremely disappointed.
Bonnie's heart wavered at this scene and said, "It's just a piece of clothing, right? I'll wear it."
Ivor's eyes suddenly lit up, and exclaimed in a tone full of uncontrollable excitement. "Really? Honey, are you really going to wear it? If you really don't want to, don't force yourself." 
Bonnie smirked inwardly. This guy wanted her to wear it immediately, but now he was pretending otherwise.
Thinking of this, she smirked and smiled, "Thank you for being so understanding. Originally, I felt too embarrassed to refuse, but I won't wear it since you're so considerate of me." 
As soon as she finished speaking, she saw the man's face change. He regretted it and wanted to slap himself.
"Alright, give it to me." She snatched the two pieces of red lingerie from the man's hands and quickly walked towards the bathroom. B***!
The bathroom door was closed.
Watching the tightly closed bathroom door, Ivor chuckled softly.
###Chapter 949
Sure enough, Bonnie was able to manipulate his emotions easily.
Ivor stood in place, waiting a few minutes without seeing Bonnie coming out. He then walked towards the bathroom and raised his hand to knock on the door. "Honey, haven't you changed yet? Why haven't you come out?"
Soon, Bonnie's low voice came from inside, "I'm c-changed..."
Ivor could perceive Bonnie's shyness in this voice alone. Her delicate and charming cheeks should now be deep red.
As he considered this, Ivor experienced an intense heat wave that shot up from below, causing his Adam's apple to roll up and down uncontrollably.
He was looking forward to how Bonnie would look like wearing that thing...
Ivor noticed a "click" sound near his ear while pondering this. The bathroom door opened, and Bonnie slowly walked out.
Ivor raised his head and saw Bonnie before him, his gaze freezing instantly.
The striking visual effect of the red silk against her pristine skin was evident to him. It seemed like everything around them had lost its color, leaving only her standing there.
Noticing Ivor's gaze fixed on her, Bonnie's face blushed even more, and she subconsciously reached out to try to pull the hem of the red fabric. But the little clothes were designed like this, too short...
Feeling uncomfortable under Ivor's stare, Bonnie wanted to cover his eyes. But she didn't do that, just whispered for him to stop.
"Don't look anymore, your eyeballs will fall out..."
"My honey is so beautiful, of course I want to look. Only I can see and appreciate your beauty."
A dark color surged in Ivor's eyes as he stepped closer to her. Bonnie sensed danger and subconsciously wanted to step back. But before she could make this move, she was picked up by the man and thrown onto the bed. 
With the soft bed behind her, Bonnie's eyes suddenly showed a trace of panic, and she reached out to press against the man's broad
UMS
chest. 
"D-Don't be so hasty, I'm not ready yet."
Ivor curled his lips slightly and stared deeply into her eyes.
"Don't worry, I won't be hasty. You also know that last time in the car, we almost stayed up all night until dawn."
Bonnie felt like she was about to ignite all over her body, and layers of mist appeared in her eyes due to shyness. "You know that my 'hasty' doesn't mean that, can you please—"
"In my eyes, it's the same meaning."
Ivor looked intently at Bonnie as if he wanted to seize her soul, with eyes that seemed bottomless. "Honey, is it okay?"
"-"
Bonnie had just wanted to say
something when Ivor's thin lips net
hers, swallowing all the
Σng when Ivor's thin lips
words she hadn't spoken yet.
She didn't intend to struggle. She turned over and pressed herself against the man.
###Chapter 950
The rising sun slowly illuminated the room, casting a warm glow over them. Bonnie's eyelashes trembled lightly, and she opened her eyes. Looking around, she realized Ivor had disappeared, leaving her alone.
Her stomach growled with hunger, but her whole body felt sore and didn't want to move. She had no idea how late into the night he had been up last night. It seemed like it was already dawn outside when she couldn't bear it any longer and passed out.
This darn man, always so unrestrained, never knowing when to stop. Taking advantage of her indulgence towards him last night, he took more liberties...
Next time, she must stand firm on her position and not indulge him anymore!
Footsteps suddenly sounded in her ears. She turned and saw Ivor walking toward her with a tray from outside the door.
Seeing Ivor reminded her of how he unrestrainedly "bullied" her. She lifted the blanket over her head and curled up inside since she was too lazy to deal with him anymore, 'So, my girl also has such a childish side?'
As Ivor saw Bonnie behave like this, Ivor curled his lips. He walked over and hugged her through the blanket.
"Honey, I'm sorry. I was indeed too indulgent last night. Don't be angry."
Bonnie didn't respond and didn't even want to deal with him! Why was he apologizing now? Where was he earlier? Clearly, he was just deliberately doing wrong again!
They say men's words can't be trusted. She wouldn't believe these sweet words from men anymore.
Seeing that she still didn't respond, Ivor hugged her tighter.
"Honey, I really know I was wrong, can you forgive me? Think about it, I'm a normal man, marrying such a beautiful wife like you, it's strange if I can control myself. I believe you will understand me, won't you?"
Bonnie's face flushed with
embarrassment at the man's words,
especially since she was now wrapped up in the blanket and being hugged by him, making it hard for her to breathe. 
After taking a deep breath, she struggled out of the man's embrace and threw the blanket aside.
"Enough! You clearly can control yourself, but you still..."
She was too ashamed to say anything more because the subject was embarrassing.
She wasn't as shameless as the man... She couldn't say those words.
"Honey, I promise, this will be the last time, okay? I'll be gentle with in the future." Ivor held Bonnie while gently coaxing her. Content Belongs to FindNovel.net
"Last night was our wedding night, I got carried away for a moment, I'm really sorry."
Bonnie wasn't angry. She was just teasing him. After all, yesterday was their wedding day. It would be too petty of her to blame him for such a trivial matter. 
Thinking like this, Bonnie still snorted coldly, "This is the last time, remember what you said."
Seeing Bonnie's attitude soften slightly, a strong joy flashed in Ivor's eyes. He hugged her tightly again and kissed her lips firmly.
"I remember, I promise you, I'll be gentle next time."
Bonnie rolled her eyes speechlessly.
They were now officially husband and wife. She had to adapt to this role quickly and couldn't treat him the same way as before.
###Chapter 951
"What about me?" Ivor leaned closer.
Bonnie stepped back and said, "You just apologized, yet you're overstepping your bounds again. I shouldn't have forgiven you in the first place."
Ivor hurriedly propped himself up when he noticed her getting angry. Then, he slowly pushed the plate before her and said, "You've been up all night. Are you hungry? Do you want me to feed you?" Bonnie took the plate and said, "I'll pass on that. I can feed myself, thank you."
She did not allow him to take advantage of her. She knew he would wear her out if she let him do whatever he wanted.
"Okay, enjoy your meal while I go and prepare something," Ivor said before leaving.
His words made Bonnie curious. "Huh? What do you mean?"
Ivor grinned mysteriously, saying, "You'll know soon enough. I can't tell you yet."
Bonnie furrowed her brows and remembered how he answered a phone call outside last night. "What are you hiding from me?"
She did not want to pry last night because she knew everyone had secrets. However, she suspected this secret was about her.
Ivor walked to her and patted her head. He said, "It's not something harmful to you. It's just a small surprise. Still, I believe you'll be thrilled when you see it."
The more he said, the more curious Bonnie became. It felt like an itch she could not scratch. "What kind of surprise is it? Why are you acting so mysterious?"
Ivor chuckled. "It won't be a surprise if I tell you. You'll find out when it's time."
Bonnie stopped prying once she
realized he was adamant about keeping it a secret. "Fine, I'll stop asking about it. I hope it's something pleasant and not something shocking." 
He chuckled again. "Do you think I'd do something like that?"
"Of course, you would. You've shocked me enough to last a lifetime," Bonnie said as she smelled the porridge. Then, her stomach growled. She waved at him and added, "I'm going to eat now. Go and do what you have to do. Don't disturb me while I'm eating." 
WoGo
Ivor checked the time and realized he would be late if he did not leave now. When Bonnie was not looking, he kissed her cheek and said, "All
right, I'll take my leave said
now. 
"Okay, go ahead." Bonnie waved him goodbye and ate her porridge. After eating half a bowl, she received a call from Reece.
'Did something happen at the university?'
Bonnie put down her spoon and answered the call, "What's up, Reece?"
He replied respectfully, "Ms. Bonnie, something happened here, and we can't decide what to do. I'm afraid you have to be here for it."
Bonnie's brows furrowed as she asked, "What could it be? Is it difficult for the professors and higher-ups to handle?"
Reece sighed, saying, "Well, I can't tell you over the phone. You must see it for yourself, Ms. Bonnie."
###Chapter 952
"Fine, I'll be there soon."
Reece hurriedly said, "Okay, Ms. Bonnie. We'll wait for you at the university."
"You got it." She hung up the phone and continued to eat her porridge. Then, she freshened up and changed before Ivor returned to the ward.
He was stunned when he noticed she was getting ready to leave. "Bonnie, why aren't you resting? Where are you going?"
"Something came up at the university-they need me there," Bonnie checked the time and added, "I have to go now." "Do you need a ride?"
"That's okay. I can drive there myself," Bonnie said before leaving.
Ivor watched her leave and then made a phone call. "Bonnie left. Continue to make the preparations, and I'll be there soon."
When Bonnie reached the university, she went straight to the conference room. The higher-ups and professors stood up to greet her, "Welcome, Ms. Bonnie." "Greetings, Ms. Bonnie."
"Hey, everyone," Bonnie responded as she sat in the nearest chair. "Reece told me you ran into a tricky issue. What was it?"
Everyone exchanged glances before one of them said, "Although it's not an emergency, it's something tricky."
Another professor said, "You asked
us to select a suitable family to sponsor the campus cafeteria, right, Ms. Bonnie? Many families, professors, and higher-ups are interested in sponsoring it. However, there are pros and cons, and we don't know how to proceed."
"Indeed, Ms. Bonnie. Since you're the university president, we'll follow your lead."
Bonnie quickly replied, "I found the perfect family for the job."
The professors and higher-ups exchanged glances again. Then, the first professor asked, "Which family did you select to sponsor the cafeteria, Ms. Bonnie?" "That'll be the Knight family."
Although she had different plans previously, that no longer mattered. Now that she was married to Ivor, she would not let others benefit from this situation. Naturally, she
would want her husband to sponsor and run the cafeteria.
The professors and higher-ups nodded unanimously, agreeing with how Bonnie handled the issue.
"Now that you mention it, Ms.
Bonnie, the Knights are an excellent
choice After all, they're a highly prestigious family, meaning they recognize the responsibility and
liabilities." 
"I heard Mr. Ivor is meticulous and something of a perfectionist. I believe his team is highly professional, too."
"I've worked with Mr. Ivor twice now. He's an expert in collaborations and is always on top of things. I feel safe letting him sponsor the campus cafeteria." Everyone spoke highly of Ivor, making Bonnie grin proudly.
###Chapter 953
'Ivor is truly fit to be my husband. He's incredible, after all.'
The professors and higher-ups fell silent as Bonnie said, "Now that everyone has agreed, the Knights will sponsor the cafeteria."
Everyone responded, "We have no ions, Ms. Bonnie."
"If that's all, we'll adjourn the meeting. Back to work, guys." Bonnie waved and stood up.
The others followed suit and filed out of the conference room. When Bonnie reached the hallway, Reece took after her and said, "Where are you going now, Ms. Bonnie? We just built a couple of labs on campus. I designed them and oversaw their construction.
"I also made them safe and aesthetically pleasing. Would you mind coming to have a look?" He looked at her nervously, like a little boy waiting for his parents to say they were proud of him.
Bonnie noticed it and could not help but giggle. She said, "You don't need to be so nervous, Reece. Everyone knows how capable you are, especially since you call the shots concerning the labs. You don't need my opinions about them."
Instead of feeling relieved, Reece felt even more pressured. Then, he puffed his chest and said, "I appreciate you trusting me this much, Ms. Bonnie. I'll do my best to ensure the team builds the labs immaculately. I won't let you down!"
Bonnie looked at him approvingly. "Perfect! I believe in you, Reece.”
Reece could not help but grin. "Roger that, Ms. Bonnie! I'll continue to do my best!"
"All right, run along. I need to head to the lecture hall." Since Bonnie was here, she thought she would stay for a while. Otherwise, her presence would seem suspicious.
Reece nodded enthusiastically. "All right, Ms. Bonnie! Take care."
Bonnie turned and waved at him before approaching the lecture hall. When she reached the door, she heard the chatter.
"Did you see the edited videos of Mr.
Ivor's wedding? He showed his wife such affection and love. I'd even say
he's her Right in shining armor. I couldn't contain my excitement and even yelled when I watched the
videos. I couldn't get enough of them." 
"Mr. Ivor is a handsome, wealthy, and powerful man. I can only imagine how happy his wife is to marry someone like him. If I were her, I'd sleep with a smile forever."
"Most know Mr. Ivor as a
cold-blooded prince charming. I
never expected him to look so warm and affectionate around his wife. would've tried to hit on him if I had known he was that charming, I think I could've won his heart." en.FindNovels.net
Avril helplessly shook her head and said, "Come on, guys. Do you think Ivor would've fallen in love with just anyone? His wife must've won his heart because she's just as talented and accomplished as him. As for you guys..." en.FindNovels.net
After a brief pause, Avril added, "Forget about it. None of you stand a chance with Ivor."
'Bonnie is the world-renowned Ms. Bonita, after all. She's an expert in scientific research and exceptionally adept in every area I can think of. Ordinary women can never hope to match Bonnie.'
###Chapter 954
Although Avril's classmates were displeased. One of them retorted, "Why do you sound like you're buddies with Mr. Ivor's wife? If you do, tell everyone what you know."
Avril's eyes shifted, and she looked uneasy. "I-I was just presenting a simple analysis of the situation. I never said I know his wife."
"Then, why are you trying to make yourself look good? I don't get what you're trying to achieve."
"Yeah, do you expect me to believe someone that flawless exists? Also, Mr. Ivor's wife could've blackmailed him into marrying her."
"Now that you mentioned it, I think that's possible. After all, the high-society circle is so messy and dramatic. You won't believe how complicated it can be."
Avril frowned when her classmates slandered Bonnie. The former argued, "You guys are just jealous. You can't have Mr. Ivor, so you choose to slander his wife instead. You're all downright questionable." The students' expressions sank. One of them retorted, "We can say whatever we want. Why are you sticking your nose in our business? Stay away from us. We have no interest in your opinion." "Just because we showed you a little attention doesn't mean you're special."
Suddenly, Franking, sitting nearby, said, "Just ignore her. Avril has spent so much time with Bonnie that she has picked up on her bad habits. Avril will never know her place, much like her best friend."
Avril could not help but burst into laughter. "I wonder who you're talking about. Did you forget how things always end horribly for you whenever you pick a fight with Bonnie?" Frankie reddened with rage.
'I got in big trouble the last time Bonnie called my dad to take me home. After that, Mom and Dad took their turn's spanking me. My butt still hurts from that. I'm aching to pick another fight with Bonnie to make myself feel better, but I'm afraid of the consequences.' Content belongs
to en.FindNovels.net
He had been feeling awful because he had to suppress his anger. The rage in his chest began to burn brighter after what Avril said.
Frankie said, "That's because I'm generous and forgiving. I don't intend to hold Bonnie accountable for anything. How else do you think she gets away with it every time?"
Avril scoffed and said sarcastically, "Oh, it's because you're generous, huh? I think it's just because you can't beat her. You should know the real answer, but I won't expose you. Also, don't say I added insult to injury. After all, we're classmates Who should support each other." en.FindNovels.net
Frankie raged as he balled his fists and said, "Listen up, you little—”
Suddenly, Bonnie's indifferent voice sounded from the door, "Frankie, did you forget the warning I gave you last time? Do you need another lesson? You must want me to call your dad again to receive another beating from him."
Frankie was not afraid of Bonnie or Avril. However, he feared his father because Corbin held nothing back whenever he punished his son.
'I've yet to recover from the beating Mom and Dad gave me. I can't take anymore.'
With that in mind, Frankie stopped being arrogant. Although scared, he gritted his teeth and stubbornly roared at Bonnie, "Wh-what else can you do besides call my dad?! You're like a child ratting me out to my parents just because you can't win an argument." en.FindNovels.net
Bonnie grinned as she said coldly, "It doesn't matter how I deal with you. What matters is that it works."
###Chapter 955
Frankie wanted to retort, but no words came to him. He could only curse at her internally, 'Damn you, Bonnie!'
Bonnie slowly took her phone from her pocket and said, "Am I right in saying you're frustrated with me? If so, I'll ask your dad what he thinks.”
She used Corbin to threaten Frankie again, making the latter furious. Frankie turned red with rage but could do nothing about it. He could only clench his fists and suppress his anger. After finally finding his voice, he said, "You'll regret this, Bonnie!"
He glared at her before leaving the lecture hall.
'I don't want Dad to beat me up again, and I'm also worried I might get expelled. Dad warned me that he'd expel me if I fight with Bonnie again.'
Bonnie turned to her classmates, who had been arguing with Avril. The former did not have to say anything as her imposing demeanor sent shivers down their spines. The students were so terrified that they dared not look at her.
They exchanged glances and lowered their head before excusing themselves from the lecture hall.
"Hey, they reopened the cafeteria and added some nice food selections. I-I haven't had lunch yet. Let's check it out, guys."
"Sure, let's grab something to eat. We might find something delicious."
"Y-Yeah, I need to get a beverage, too."
The girls left as Avril gave Bonnie a thumbs up. "They were so spooked when you showed up that they couldn't continue to behave arrogantly." en.FindNovels.net
Bonnie sat beside Avril and said, "I can't be bothered to argue with them. It's tiring."
Avril looked at her from head to toe. "Something's wrong."
Bonnie turned to Avril and met the latter's profound gaze. Bonnie was puzzled, asking, "What's wrong?"
"Ivor must have exceptional
stamina. You look like he put you through several rounds of vigorous 'exercise last night. Did you rest enough? How are you here now? Wait is it because Ivor had trouble getting it up?" Avril's eyes widened. en.FindNovels.net
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "Does Ivor look like he would have that issue?"
"How would I know? I wasn't the one who got worked out last night." Avril giggled.
Bonnie knew Avril was teasing her.
'Does she think she can embarrass me so easily?'
"Yeah, you're right. You're just a poor, single lady. Of course, you wouldn't know the first thing about it. Ivor was virile last night, and we pulled an all-nighter. Here, l'I tell you the details to help you in the future." en.FindNovels.net
###Chapter 956
Avril reacted dramatically to Bonnie's words. The former clutched her chest and said, "How could you be so cruel and call me a poor, lonely girl? You used to be so nice, Bonnie. Oh, I see how it is. Since you're married, you no longer need me. I'm heartbroken."
Bonnie rolled her eyes and looked at Avril meaningfully. A moment later, the latter leaned closer and said, "You're right, I'm curious. Why don't you give me the details, Bonnie?"
Bonnie was outraged. "You're so shameless!"
Avril chuckled. She did not need the details and only wanted to tease Bonnie. Still, the former would have listened if Bonnie told her what she wanted to know.
Bonnie left the campus in the afternoon, but when she reached home, Ivor was not there. Her brows furrowed, and she was about to call him when she saw him approaching. When their gazes met, Ivor grinned and asked, "What are you doing home so early? I didn't have time to prepare dinner."
Bonnie tucked her phone into her pocket and looked at him curiously. "I didn't come home early. My classes already ended. Also, you've been acting mysterious for the past few days. What are you up to? Did something happen at work?"
"It's nothing. I'm just working on something that's not worth mentioning," Ivor said casually before leading Bonnie to the couch.
She pursed her lips and thought of something before probing, "Is this about the surprise?"
He nodded and praised, "Brilliant, Bonnie. You guessed it in no time."
She rolled her eyes at him. "Stop talking to me like I'm a child."
Ivor's smile grew as he said, "I'm not. It's just how I speak to my wife."
"Well, that's shameless."
Ivor chuckled and made her sit on the couch. "Just sit here and relax while I get dinner started."
She looked at him from head to toe and asked, "What kind of surprise is it? Why is it taking you so long to work on?"
"I thought told you already. It won't be a surprise if I tell you." Ivor patted her head. "Don't worry about it.dt'll be ready soon, and you'll find out in no time." én.FindNovels.net
Since he was still acting mysterious, Bonnie could only shake her head and sigh helplessly. "Fine, I won't ask about it anymore. Just hurry up and make us dinner." en.FindNovels.net
Ivor said affectionately, "All right, stay put."
Then, he went to the kitchen to cook while Bonnie watched television in the living room. The couple occasionally glanced at each other. They would grin every time, filling the house with a warm, fuzzy feeling. en.FindNovels.net
After dinner, the couple prepared to sleep. Bonnie had just finished bathing. When she left the bathroom, Ivor waved and said, “Come here." Bonnie's lips twitched as she said, "Stop waving at me like that. Do you think I'm your pet?"
Ivor noticed how slowly she walked, so he pulled her over.
###Chapter 957
"I'm trying to blow dry your hair."
Bonnie could not help but frown and tease, "Well, that's rare. Let me get comfortable to savor the moment."
Ivor took the hair dryer when he heard that. "I've wanted to do this for you long ago, but you never gave me a chance."
Bonnie knew what he meant. After all, they stayed in different places before getting married, and he rarely had the chance to blow dry her hair.
"It's not too late to start doing it daily now. That way, I can enjoy this exclusive service you're offering."
"Okay, then." Ivor gently poked her nose. "This is exclusively for you."
Bonnie smiled and shut her eyes, saying, "All right, let me taste your services. I'll need to see if it's satisfactory."
Ivor chuckled. "You don't have to worry about that. I'll ensure you love it."
Soon after, he turned on the hair dryer and brushed her hair. He meticulously ran through each strand and directed the dryer at them. Bonnie could feel his tenderness. She sighed and said, "Not bad at all. Keep it up."
His smile widened, but he said nothing. Suddenly, Bonnie yawned. "I'm exhausted. Keep drying my hair while I grab some shut-eye."
Ivor looked at her and noticed she was indeed exhausted. He responded softly, "All right, enjoy your nap."
Bonnie tried staying awake, but
Ivor's movements were so tender and gentle that they were hypnotizing. Ultimately, she could not stay awake for long. When her breathing became even, Ivor turned down the hair dryer's airflow and moved more carefully. en.FindNovels.net
Ten minutes later, he saw her sleeping soundly and cautiously removed the hair dryer from the socket. As he tiptoed out of the room, he accidentally kicked one of the decorations by the bed. Ivor put the decoration back in place and stood up again. en.FindNovels.net
He met Bonnie's lazy gaze as he turned to see if she was awake. "Ivor, where are you going?"
Ivor's heart melted. He looked at her
affectionately and said, "I saw how tired you were and didn't want to
I
vermet
disturb your sleep. I was going to
sleep in the guest room, but I
accidentally kicked something and
woke you up." en.FindNovels.net
Bonnie knew from his tone that he cherished her. She said, "It's okay. I feel like I've napped for long enough and feel energized now."
Then, she gestured at him, saying, "Come here."
Bonnie looked like a temptress trying to steal Ivor's soul. She rendered him unable to think as he instinctively followed her orders. He sat beside her and asked warmly, "What is it?" Bonnie twirled his necktie and looked into his eyes, asking, “Do you know what I'm about to do?”
###Chapter 958
Ivor noticed Bonnie's movement and could guess what she was about to do. His smile widened as he said, "I think you're about to pin me to the bed."
Bonnie raised her brows and grinned s***. "Bingo. Still, I'm not sure if you'll like that."
She used to be shy about being intimate, and it was challenging to come to terms with it. However, she was able to accept it after talking to Avril today. Since Bonnie and Ivor were now married, it would be unseemly if the former continued to be coy.
Since that was the case, Bonnie decided to be bold.
Ivor lay on the bed and stared at her. "You don't have to tell me twice."
Bonnie giggled and slowly leaned over. She looked into his eyes and said, "You're not even reserved."
He chuckled and smiled affectionately. "Why would I be when I'm with my wife? I've never been shy with you since that won't help me win your heart."
Bonnie could not help but giggle and reminisce about their shared memories. He was right. They ultimately got married because Ivor was persistent. Otherwise, Bonnie would not have fallen for him.
Ivor noticed her smiling brilliantly and wrapped his arms around her waist. He asked, "Why are you smiling like that? Would you share your thoughts with me?"
She leaned on him and said, “I was just thinking about how shameless you are. Frankly, I don't know how many bold things you've done to win my heart.”
His eyes brimmed with joy as he
said, "What's wrong with being shameless? I consider myself
heart." onel.net
successful in life since I won your
O
"Again, you're being shameless!" Bonnie barked before twirling his tie again.
When Ivor sat up, Bonnie bit his lips.
"Mmm!" He grimaced and gulped. "Be gentle, honey."
Bonnie scoffed and lifted his chin. "Did it hurt? I thought I took it easy on you. Did you forget how hard you bit me?"
Ivor responded, "Although it hurt, I'm happy about it."
Then, he leaned closer and added, "I hope you do it again."
"Oh, do you think I won't?" Bonnie grunted and bit his lip again. This time, she bit even harder, and he could taste the blood. Not only did he feetno pain, but he found it pretty exciting. Suddenly, he bit her back to return the favor. 
They did not look like a loving couple. Instead, they look like
animals, which was what Bonnie wanted. She wanted to overpower Ivor the way he did to her and ravage him. Still, it was her first attempt, and she was no match for him.
After all, Ivor had done this countless times. He waited for an opening before rolling her over and pinning her to the bed.
###Chapter 959
Ivor smiled at Bonnie and said, "I win this time."
She glanced at his triumphant expression and said through gritted teeth, "Not for long! Don't boast about it too much. I'll pin you to the bed one day!"
He grinned wickedly, saying, "I look forward to it. Still, you must obey me since I won."
Bonnie was still frustrated because Ivor found a chance to pin her down. She was about to glare at him when he kissed her intensely. She tried fending him off, but it was pointless. She could only lay there and let him do as he pleased.
Bonnie was slightly annoyed that Ivor still had his way with her.
'I'll pin him next time and show him what I'm made of!'
The following day, the sound of lapping waves woke Bonnie up.
'Huh? Are those waves?'
She was puzzled as she snapped open her eyes and scanned her surroundings. All she saw was a boundless ocean, which confused her even more.
'Didn't I sleep in my room? How am I on a cruise ship? No one could've taken me onto a boat without waking me up. I mustn't have noticed because of what Ivor and I did last night. I must've been so exhausted that I wasn't aware of what was happening.
'Also, I was at home and subconsciously dropped my guard. That must be why I didn't wake up when I moved here.'
Suddenly, Ivor's voice sounded, "You're finally awake."
Bonnie turned and saw her husband
approaching with a food tray containing a glass of milk, toast, etcetera. Bonnie sat up and crossed her legs, asking, "What are we doing on a cruise ship? Where are you taking me?" 
Ivor sat the tray beside her and chuckled. "We're on our honeymoon, silly"
"On our what?!" Bonnie was shocked. Then, she remembered how mysteriously he had acted over the past two days. Immediately after, she understood what was happening. "So, this was the surprise? You're taking me on a honeymoon trip?"
Ivor nodded smilingly. "Bingo!"
She blinked and asked, "We're having our honeymoon at sea? Wait, are you taking me somewhere?"
"I have a whole plan, but I'm not sure
if you want to go there," Ivor said while handing her the glass of milk, "If you don't like the place, we can change course and head elsewhere." en.swhovels.net
'Is it somewhere I won't like?'
After some thought, Bonnie still could not figure out where he was taking her. She looked at him in puzzlement and asked, "Wh-where are we going?"
Ivor looked into her eyes and said slowly, "Guess."
Bonnie waited a long time for an answer, but he gave her an inconclusive one. She could only roll her eyes at him.
'Keeping me in suspense, huh? Fine, keep it to yourself. It's not like I'm dying to know where we're headed.'
Bonnie ate her toast and drank her
milk, no longer bothered with Ivor He could not help but chuckle and say, "All right, I'll stop beating around the bush. We're heading to O Andreas's home country, Zudale." 
###Chapter 960
"We're having our honeymoon in Zudale?" Bonnie was bewildered. "Are you sure?"
"Why not? I chose Zudale the moment I started planning our honeymoon," Ivor said confidently.
Bonnie rubbed her chin and said, "Why'd you choose Zudale? Is it because Andreas's proposal still bugs you? Are you trying to brag to him that you married me?"
Ivor was surprised to hear that. He could not decide if he should laugh or cry. "Bonnie, why would you think I'd do something like that?"
She looked at him cautiously before concluding, "Of course, you'd do something like that."
He was stumped as he tried to think of a comeback. However, nothing came to mind. A moment later, he patted Bonnie's head and sighed helplessly. "I swear the universe sent you to torture me. You can silence me every time."
Bonnie raised her brow and was about to say something, but Ivor continued, "That said, I don't hate that about you. Instead, I quite like it."
The former could not help but giggle. "Ivor, are you trying to tell me you're a masochist? Do you feel uncomfortable unless I silence you?"
"I guess you can say that. Still, there's a slight mistake. I'll feel uncomfortable if I don't see you daily," Ivor responded smilingly.
Bonnie giggled and said, "Fine, I'll stop bullying you. I'm not as good as you in flirting."
Ivor smirked but said nothing.
As Bonnie continued to eat, she remembered something and asked, "Hey, you still haven't told me why you chose Zudale. Changing the subject won't help because I won't let it slide."
Ivor sat beside her and explained, "It's because Andreas is your friend, and we parted ways in a rush last time. Also, he gave us a wedding gift, even though he didn't attend our wedding. I thought you'd like to talk to him.
"Plus, there are so many tourist spots in Zudale. We can always ask him to show us around. It's wonderful, right? We can kill two birds with one stone."
Bonnie did not expect Ivor to plan the whole trip around her needs. At that moment, a warmth rose in her chest as she said, "I'm sorry for misunderstanding you, Ivor."
'I thought the worst of him this time, but that's because he did so many impulsive things whenever he gets jealous of other men. He can't blame me for thinking of him that way.'
"It's okay. You don't have to apologize," Ivor said as he poured her another glass of milk, "Drink some more to nourish yourself."
After breakfast, Bonnie took a short break, and they arrived in Zudale quickly. Immediately after, Andreas's royal guard told him of the couple's arrival.
"Your Highness!"
Andreas was playing chess when he heard his guard. The former lost his focus, and he turned to glare at the guard. "What are you doing?! Mind how you carry yourself!"
The guard knew the prince was only upset on the surface. After all, the latter would never get mad over such trivial matters. The guard was not too worried as he proceeded to tell Andreas, "Your Highness, the royal guards at the port have reported Ms. Bonnie's arrival." 
Almost the whole nation knew that Andreas had once risked his life to save Bonnie. Moreover, everyone knew their prince had fallen in love with her. That was why everyone in Zudate would help him as much as possible regarding his love life.
Whenever Bonnie appeared in Zudale, the guards enthusiastically reported it to Andreas.
"Bonnie's here?!" Andreas's eyes
sparkled as he abandoned his chess
game and marched outside.
However, he remembered that
Bonnie had married Ivor when he
almost reached the door. 
'She can no longer be my consort.'
Immediately after, he looked gloomy and even stopped walking. The guard noticed it and asked, puzzled, "What's wrong, Your Highness?"
###Chapter 961
The royal guard's voice snapped Andreas out of his daze. The latter looked at the guard and smiled bitterly, shaking his head as he said, "I'm fine. If Bonnie's here, then that's that. I think she came for a vacation. Since that's the case, I won't interrupt her."
The guard became even more confused. After all, Andreas was always enthusiastic whenever the guard brought him news of Bonnie's arrival. The prince would run as fast as possible to meet Bonnie.
The guard wondered why his prince did not want to see Bonnie this time. The former even guessed it was because of what happened between Andreas and Bonnie last time.
Andreas said, "From now on, you no longer have to tell me anything about Bonnie."
'Ivor will go wherever she is. She doesn't need me anymore.'
"As you wish, Your Highness."
Suddenly, a voice sounded at the door, "Prince Andreas, we came all the way from Pyralis, yet you won't even welcome us at the door? Don't you think it's a little inappropriate?" 'Wait, is that Bonnie's voice?!'
Andreas whipped around and saw Bonnie. Intense feelings arose in Andreas's chest when he first saw Bonnie, but they disappeared when he saw Ivor.
'I know they're inseparable, but seeing them standing together is heartbreaking. So, this is how it feels when they say love can be soul-crushing.'
Bonnie strolled toward Andreas and asked, "Why aren't you saying anything? You must be so surprised and excited to see us that you can't even speak.” Andreas's lips twitched as he grumbled, "Surprised? I think you mistook surprise for shock."
Although he spoke softly, she heard it. She grinned and stepped closer to make fun of him, "Shock? Are you trying to say I'm scary? I didn't know I was terrifying." 
Andreas was embarrassed when he realized Bonnie had heard his grumblings. He could only clear his throat awkwardly, not knowing how to respond. Bonnie raised her brows and asked, "You sound guilty."
As she deliberately drew closer, he stepped backward and froze immediately. "N-Not at all! Why would feel guilty? I had something
in my throat, and I was trying to get it out." 
Bonnie grinned playfully and said, "Fine, I'll stop since you can't seem to take a joke."
Andreas felt a little speechless. After composing himself, he glanced at her before looking at Ivor standing behind her. A moment later, Andreas looked at Bonnie again and asked, "What brings you two here? Do you have a business to attend to?" 
Bonnie responded smilingly, "You're right. It's crucial business."
Andreas asked curiously, "What could it be? You've only been married for no more than three days."
Bonnie turned and exchanged glances with Ivor. Then, the couple said simultaneously, "It's our honeymoon!"
K-
###Chapter 962
"Y-You're having your honeymoon here?!" Andreas thought he had misheard the couple.
"Of course we are. We're here, aren't we? Do you think I'm pulling your leg?" Bonnie raised her brows and asked, "Can you recommend any tourist spots for fun activities?" Andreas's lips twitched as he looked between Bonnie and Ivor. "Y-You guys... Gosh, is there a shred of humanity left in you?!"
Bonnie could not be bothered to argue. Instead, she said, "If you refuse to show us around, we can do it ourselves."
Then, she took Ivor's hand and motioned to leave. However, Andreas hurriedly stopped them, "Fine, fine. I'll bring you around since you traveled so far to get here."
He frowned, showing he was slightly displeased. "What do you want to do? Tell me, and I'll make an itinerary for you."
Bonnie considered what she wanted to do in Zudale. Suddenly, Ivor said, "Didn't you say you've always wanted to go horseback riding? There's a huge horse ranch in Zudale. How about we have some fun there?"
Bonnie's eyes sparkled when she heard that. Of course, she agreed with her husband, "You're right! I've always wanted to ride a horse. I didn't even notice it the last time I was here. Now that you mentioned it, I'm pretty excited.
"Let's see what the ranch looks like and ride horses while we're there. I want to feel the wind in my hair and experience the freedom it brings."
"I knew you'd like that." Ivor smiled and turned to face the prince. "If I remember correctly, you own the horse ranch, right, Your Highness? Would you mind taking us there?"
"Oh, uh, of course! I can do that for you." It pained Andreas that the couple chose to have their honeymoon in his country. However, Bonnie had told him that she wanted to remain good friends.
If he looked at the situation from
that perspective, Bonnie had faith in
him by including him in her honeymoon. Andreas knew he would look petty if he showed that it bothered him. Ultimately, he decided to ensure the couple had fun in Zudale. 
Ivor remained polite, saying, "I appreciate it, Your Highness."
Andreas waved and replied, "It's just a small favor. No need for the formalities, Ivor."
As the trio continued to converse, the cars arrived to take them to the horse ranch. Andreas sat in the front while the couple sat in the back. Bonnie leaned on Ivor's shoulder and began to fiddle with his cuff links out of boredom. 
Ivor held her hand and said warmly, "Honey?"
Bonnie looked up at him and asked, "What is it?"
"Would
you like to
talk to Andreas
alone later? could give you two some space if you want." Ivor was okay with it because he noticed how the prince treated Bonnie. The former knew Andreas was beginning to let go of Bonnie. 
Moreover, Bonnie had repeatedly shown that Ivor was the one for her. Ivor no longer had anything to worry about and believed she knew what she was doing around Andreas. Bonnie became wide-eyed in surprise. "Woah, I didn't know you were so level-headed. Still, I won't need time alone with Andreas."
↑
###Chapter 963
Ivor had always thought Bonnie would want to chat with Andreas alone. Surprisingly, she said she did not need to do that. Ivor asked, "But why? Do you have other plans?"
Bonnie shrugged. "I thought about many things before reaching Zudale. Initially, I wanted to console Andreas and keep him from misunderstanding things. However, I realized at the grand hall that he was trying to accept that you and I were married.
"With that in mind, I don't need to say anything. I only need to give Andreas more time to accept our marriage fully."
Ivor listened and recalled how Andreas carried himself in the grand hall. The former nodded in approval and said, "I noticed that, too. He's slowly moving on from you."
"Yeah, that's why I don't need to talk to him privately. Otherwise, I might worsen things," Bonnie said as she yawned. Then, she made herself comfortable and laid into him. "All right, that's enough chit-chat. I need to nap. Wake me up when we're there, okay?"
Bonnie resembled a cat as she cuddled with Ivor. He grinned and patted her head lovingly, saying, "Okay, have a good nap. I'll wake you later."
An hour later, the car reached the horse ranch. Ivor was about to wake his wife up when he looked over and met her gaze. He smiled and said, "Perfect timing, honey. We're here."
She smiled back and said playfully, "Of course! My body is like an automated stopwatch. It wakes me up when I've reached my destination."
'Actually, it's because I have sharp senses. I can sense whenever the car stops.'
"Incredible as always." Ivor gave her a thumbs up.
Bonnie's brows furrowed. "You're trying to soothe me like a child again, aren't you? Do you think I'm a little girl?"
Ivor grinned at her and said
charmingly Again, I'm not treating you like a child. I only speak to you that way because you're my wife. dote on you like you're the most precious treasure in the world. Am I wrong for doing that?" 
Bonnie did not have a good comeback for that. She was in disbelief that he had stumped her. Suddenly, someone knocked on the car window. Bonnie lowered the window and saw Andreas standing outside. 
He met her gaze and said, "We're here. Why are you guys still in the car?"
"Oh, nothing. We just had to discuss something." Bonnie opened the car door and got out with Ivor in tow.
"Oh, okay," Andreas responded, doing something cool with the car keys before putting them into his pocket. "Follow me."
Bonnie could not explain it, but
found his gesture somewhat
amusing. A moment later, she
smiled and said, "Okay, lead the way. We'll be right behind you." 
Andreas noticed her smile and instinctively felt his cheeks. "Why do I feel like you're mocking me? Is there something on my face?"
1-
###Chapter 964
"Not at all." Bonnie's smile remained, confusing Andreas further.
After feeling his cheeks, he stopped and asked, "Well, what is it then? Why do you look so excited?"
Bonnie's smile widened. "That's because I think you've bounced back to how you were when we first met. You're cheerful and energetic again. I'm genuinely happy for you."
The prince was a little stunned. He thought, 'She's right. I feel lighter now that I've accepted what happened between the three of us. I feel livelier. Still, I didn't think she'd notice it so quickly.
'I guess it's better this way. Since I've removed such complicated thoughts from my life, she can continue to consider me a close friend.'
With that in mind, Andreas raised his chin and smiled. "What are you talking about? I've always been cheerful, confident, and energetic."
Bonnie helplessly shook her head. "I gave you an inch, and you're taking a mile. How shameless of you, Your Highness."
He responded smilingly, "Hey, you complimented me, didn't you? I was just agreeing, that's all."
"All right, that's enough of that. Let's go and check out the ranch," Bonnie said as she headed toward the entrance, "I'll pick a thoroughbred that can run far!"
Ivor stood aside and listened to the duo's conversation. Instead of butting in, he only observed how Andreas treated Bonnie.
'I know I told Bonnie I thought Andreas was slowly accepting our marriage. However, I kept thinking he was only pretending to be disinterested. After all, he loved her so deeply. All of that has changed now.
'I can tell something's different
about Andreas. I'm sure that he has
indeed accepted things. It's like Bonnie said. I should give Andreas more time to move on from her entirely. They'll become good friends in every sense of the word. 
Meanwhile, Andreas could not help but frown when he heard Bonnie's words. He remarked, "Are you sure you want a thoroughbred? You're new to horseback riding. That's one of the wildest breeds among the horses. Taming them takes much time and effort. Why don't you try a different breed first, Bonnie?"
me."
Bonnie glanced sideways at him and lifted her chin. She said confidently, "If I say I want a thoroughbred, I know I'm capable enough to tame it. I wouldn't say something unless I'm sure of it. Don't worry about
Turning her head sideways, she lifted her chin, her delicate eyes filled with confidence and pride.
Andreas knew she had
misunderstood him, so he hastily explained, "It took me a few weeks to tame a thoroughbred, yet you're expecting to tame one during your first experience with horses? I'm just worried it'll scar you for life." 
Ivor seconded, "His Highness is right, Bonnie. You should listen to him and try another breed. What'll I do if an accident happens?"
A hint of helplessness appeared in Bonnie's eyes as she said, "Didn't you hear me? I wouldn't have said that if I wasn't sure of myself. Also, don't you guys trust me? Do you honestly think I can't tame a thoroughbred?"
Worried that Bonnie might mistake their concern for underestimation, one of the men said, "None of us doubt your capabilities. However, there are too many uncertainties regarding horseback riding. We're just worried about accidents."
Bonnie knew they were only concerned for her safety, so she spoke in a warmer tone, "I'll give it a shot first. I'll change breeds if I can't do it."
###Chapter 965
Ivor and Andreas had failed to lessen Bonnie's competitive spirit and desire to conquer the challenge. On the contrary, those feelings grew more intense when they tried to stop her. Bonnie was always like that. The more others thought something was impossible, the more she wanted to do it.
Ivor could only nod and agree, "All right, you can try it. Still, you must be calm."
Andreas realized the couple was adamant about it. He said, "Thoroughbreds are on the left side of the ranch. Follow me."
"All right," Bonnie responded smilingly.
Soon after, they reached the thoroughbred stable. Then, Bonnie saw something and yelped in surprise, "Whoa! That horse looks unique! It's white all over, but the fur on the center of its forehead is brown. It's rare to see such a thoroughbred. It has to be one of the biggest horses in the world!"
Andreas helplessly palmed his forehead. "You have keen eyes, Bonnie. That's the finest thoroughbred in the ranch but also the hardest to tame. I tried to do it, and it almost bucked me! I kept trying for a week, but it was useless. I ended up picking another thoroughbred for myself."
Bonnie rubbed her palms as a desire to tame the horse filled her eyes. "All the more reason for me to try. Still, let's not rush it. I'll try to bond with it and see how it feels about me."
Andreas still thought this thoroughbred was too wild to tame, so he tried to talk Bonnie into picking a different one, "Bonnie, believe me when I say it doesn't want anyone riding it. It's simply too prideful. I think the right person to train it hasn't been born to-"
Before he could finish, he froze.
Bonnie had already approached to pat the white thoroughbred. Surprisingly; it did not react poorly and instead rubbed its head on her hand. It looked like a different Korse and was nothing but docile toward Bonnie. 
Andreas felt embarrassed when he recalled his previous comments about the horse. Simultaneously, he was confused.
"I remember it kicking around when I tried to tame it. It was like the horse looked down on me. Now, it looks much more docile. How frustrating!"
Andreas had suffered when he tried
to tame it. He even went home with injuries for a whole week. He had to give up taming it because it was too hard However, Bonnie only needed to pat the horse to tame it. 
'Does that mean the horse genuinely looked down on me before?'
Ivor watched and analyzed, "Maybe it's attracted to Bonnie because it senses how formidable and capable she is. In that sense, animals
typically have the same instincts as humans." 
Although Andreas thought he had mastered Pyralian, he needed help understanding what Ivor meant.
"Huh? What do you mean, Ivor? I know how formidable and capable Bonnie is, but how can a horse distinguish a normal person from a capable one?"
###Chapter 966
Ivor said, "I don't know how else to explain it, Your Highness."
Andreas scratched his head but did not ask further, thinking it would make him look dumb.
Suddenly, Bonnie climbed onto the white thoroughbred horse. The horse looked like it had found its rightful owner. It began to prance around proudly and majestically.
Andreas instantly grew jealous. "I tried to tame it for a week, and all I got was injuries. I can't believe it's so close to Bonnie just because she petted it. Gah! That must be why we shouldn't compare ourselves to others."
Bonnie could not hear them because she was pretty far away. However, she smiled when she noticed the two men chatting like friends. Then, she lifted her chin at them and said, "Hey, I'll take Moonbeam for a lap. You guys coming?"
"I'm coming!" Ivor chose a black horse and guided it toward Bonnie.
The latter realized Andreas was staying where he was. She could not help but ask, "Aren't you coming, Your Highness?"
He shook his head. "Count me out! I already took you guys to the ranch. You can't expect me to watch you two be all lovey-dovey."
Bonnie raised her brows and said sarcastically, "We're just riding horses. How's that lovey-dovey?"
He shook his head again. "I refuse to go, no matter what you say. Enjoy yourselves!"
"All right, we'll go ahead then." Bonnie did not pry. She pulled the reins and gestured for Ivor to mount his horse. The latter understood the gesture and gracefully hopped on the black horse. Before they set out, Bonnie glanced at the prince again, saying, "Last chance, Your Highness. Are you coming or not?"
Andreas waved. "I'm not joining. You guys go ahead."
"All right, we'll be leaving now. Don't complain later and say we didn't invite you," Bonnie said before adjusting her posture and pulling at the reins again. "Let's go, Moonbeam. Hyah!" Moonbeam neighed and galloped away.
Immediately after, Ivor and his horse gave chase. The two horses, one black and one white, were equally fast.
They looked excellent together as if
they had been trained as partners However, they had not received any training together. Instead, they were naturally compatible and minored their respective riders. 
At that moment, a unique air about Ivor and Bonnie made it hard for others to get between them.
Meanwhile, Andreas watched as the couple's horses galloped away. He could not help but grumble, "How's that not lovey-dovey?"
Although he still felt slightly sour, he could feet how thrilled Bonnie was to be with vor. After all, Ivor took such excellent care of her. Andreas had nothing else to say. He only cared that she was happy. 
Bonnie took two laps before stopping and dismounting from Moonbeam. She was sweating a lot but loved how exhilarated she felt She held Moonbeam's reins and led it to the shed while looking around. She asked, "Where did His Highness run off to?" 
Ivor also got off his horse and led it to the shed.
###Chapter 967
"He probably returned to the palace. I guess we can handle it from here and leave him be." Bonnie had the same thought. She nodded and said, "Okay. So, what are we doing next?"
Ivor looked toward the setting sun in the distance and then checked the time. "It's six now, and we can't do much that's fun. Let's head back for a while. Then, we'll stroll around the market near the hotel. We can check out the local foods and souvenirs."
Bonnie was puzzled, asking, "Must we return to the hotel?"
"I need to get something," he responded.
"Oh, okay then," she said while handing Moonbeam to the stable boy.
When the couple reached the hotel, Ivor rummaged through his suitcase. Bonnie could not help but ask, "What are you looking for? Do you need my help?"
"It's okay. I got it." He pulled out a couple of clothes with the same design. The only difference was their sizes-one was bigger, and the other was slightly smaller.
Bonnie glanced at them and knew his intentions. "Are you trying to make me wear a couple's t-shirt with you?"
"Yeah, are you okay with that?" Ivor was pretty nervous when he prepared the t-shirts. After all, Bonnie might reject them for their flashiness.
However, she took them from him and said, "You already made these, so why wouldn't I be okay with them? Let's put them on now and go out."
Ivor smiled when she agreed to wear the t-shirts. "All right!"
After changing their clothes, they exchanged glances and chuckled in unison. Ivor looked at Bonnie joyfully and said, "Everyone will know we're a couple when they see us. I like that." Bonnie helplessly sighed. "So, was this your plan all along?"
"Of course it was. I couldn't wait to
was.
tell the world that you're my wife. It's a shame you wouldn't let me do it
ite
earlier. This is the only way I can express it," Ivor said before grabbing Bonnie's hand and leaving the hotel room. 
"Let's go, or we'll miss out on anything worth seeing." Bonnie smiled when she felt the warmth of her husband's palm.
When they reached the market, she stopped at every stall and bought anything she considered interesting. As for Ivor, he was only there to pay for everything and carry them. He was puzzled that his wife looked so curious about everything.
"I thought you visited Zudale before, honey. Why are you acting like it's your first time seeing these things?"
Bonnie was inspecting an antique when she heard that. She stopped and responded, "I was here on business back then. I didn't have the luxury or mood to visit these places."
"Oh, that's why." Ivor smiled. "Well, you have time to do that now. You can buy whatever you like. I'll pay for everything."
Bonnie giggled and said playfully, "I'm glad you said that. It's my mission to max out all your credit cards. I don't intend on leaving until I've done that."
Ivor thought about how his credit cards had no limits. He said, "That might be impossible, honey."
"Wait, are you giving me a limitless credit card?" Bonnie accurately guessed his thoughts.
"Bingo," Iver said before pulling a
card out,'ll give this to you now Use it to your heart's content. If you can't max it out today, do it
tomorrow. Hell, you can try again the day after that, too!" 
###Chapter 968
Bonnie realized Ivor thought she was being serious. She stopped him from handing her the card and said, "I was just joking. Why are you taking it so seriously? Put away that credit card. I have money, Ivor. I don't need to spend yours."
He stuffed the card in her hands, saying, "I earn money for you to spend. If you refuse, it means I work my a*** off for nothing."
She glanced at the black credit card helplessly. "Ivor, I have money. I mean it when I say I don't need yours."
However, Ivor was adamant. "There's a difference between your money and mine. You didn't accept my card last time because we weren't married yet. I understood that, but we're married now. If you refuse to spend my money, you still don't consider me your husband."
He forcibly put the card into her pocket and added, "Just take it. I won't take no for an answer."
Since he put it that way, it would be rude if Bonnie continued to . "Fine, I'll take it. I've never met anyone this eager to give someone else their money. You must be crazy."
Ivor chuckled. "Well, you're not just someone else. You're my wife."
She sighed helplessly. "I can't argue with you. Everything you say is right. Are you happy now?"
"Perfect, I appreciate your stamp of approval, honey." Ivor held her hand and led her deeper into the market. "All right, let's keep going. I think there are more interesting things inside."
Bonnie held his hand back and responded, "Okey-dokey."
The couple walked ahead, looking so good together that they turned heads. Some even took pictures of them. Bonnie was content to ignore them since she sensed their friendly gazes. On the other hand, Ivor had an excellent idea when he saw them.
"Bonnie, let's turn back. I'll take you somewhere."
"Where are you taking me?" she asked curiously.
He remained mysterious, saying, "You'll know when we get there."
"Again with this, Ivor? You love keeping me in suspense. Please just tell me where we're going. Isn't it better to speak your mind?" She knew he wanted to surprise her, but she found it annoying to be in constant suspense. 
"We'll be there soon. Just bear with me a little." Ivor tried to comfort her.
She was helpless, saying, "Fine, I'll behave."
Several minutes later, the couple reached a photography studio. Ivor held Bonnie's hand and entered
speak to the photographer. Afteme
checking everything, the
ver
photographer went to get t
camera. 
Bonnie noticed what Ivor was trying to do. "Do you want to take pictures with me?"
Ivor nodded. "Yeah, didn't you realize something? We've been together for a long time but have never taken pictures together. Now's the perfect time to do it since we're wearing couple's t-shirts." 
"That's all you wanted to do? If so, you didn't need to be so mysterious." Although she said so, she was curious about what their pictures would look like.
Ivor smiled when he saw that she was not hesitant.
###Chapter 969
Ivor said, "You'll be more curious if I didn't tell you what it was. It won't be exciting if I reveal every little surprise."
"I guess you're right," Bonnie agreed.
Then, the photographer returned with his camera and led the couple to a beautiful spot to take pictures. He was about to suggest poses to them but realized they looked spectacular, no matter which angles he shot from.
Bonnie and Ivor exuded love for each other. Whenever they looked at each other, the appreciation in their eyes gave rise to perfect photos. The photographer simply did not have to guide them.
On the other hand, Bonnie wondered why the photographer was so quiet. She could not help but ask, "Do you need us to do certain poses or anything?"
He waved and said, "That's not necessary. Just act naturally and be yourself. You two are so stunning that every picture I took has been perfect. I can't find any flaws even if I tried."
Bonnie could not help but giggle, thinking the photographer was excellent with words. Ivor also chuckled. The photographer noticed it and quickly took their picture. "Perfect! You smiled while looking into each other's eyes. Your love for each other is unmistakable and artistic!"
"Oh? Can I see the pictures?"
'It can't be as good as he says, right? It must be a tactic to make us pay him more. That must be why he's forcing himself to shower us with praise.'
The photographer did not hesitate to show Bonnie his camera. “Feast your eyes, miss. I've taken pictures of many couples, but I must say, you two look impeccable together. don't even have to edit them can print them out as is."
Bonnie took the camera and was stunned when she saw their pictures. They stood shoulder-to-shoulder together.
'I thought he only praised us to make
us spend more money in his studio. I didn't think he was being serious. Ivor and Hook like a match made in heaven when we stand under the lights. We smiled simultaneously and made the picture come to life.' 
Ivor went over to look when he noticed Bonnie staring at the pictures. When he saw it, he could not help but say, "That's a lovely picture if I say so myself. Well done." en.swhovels.net
Bonnie nodded. "I agree."
She returned the camera to the photographer and added, "Here, take more pictures and print them for us, will you?"
The photographer patted his chest and said confidently, "You can count on me, miss! I promise you'll be satisfied with every picture I take."
Bonnie giggled when she realized how professional he was. "All right, I trust you. Thanks, mister!"
"You're too kind. After all, it's my job." Then, he continued to take the couple's pictures.
As they nearly wrapped up the shoot, Bonnie did something when Ivor was not looking. She stood on her toes and kissed his lips lovingly, stunning him.
###Chapter 970
After realizing what had happened, Ivor touched his lips and stared at Bonnie. "D-Did you just kiss me?"
Instead of being shy like always, Bonnie looked at him boldly. "What's wrong? Can't I kiss you?"
"Of course you can! Y-You just caught me by surprise, that's all," he was so excited that his voice trembled slightly. Bonnie came out of her shyness when she mentioned wanting to get back at Ivor by pinning him to the bed.
Ivor thought, 'Oh, boy. I think I'm falling deeper in love with her by the second.'
"Don't get too excited, Ivor. More surprises are on the way." Bonnie winked at him flirtatiously.
She had always felt shy when Ivor did similar things to her. She could never let herself go and take that vital step. However, she found it exhilarating now that she had finally done it. It felt good to tease Ivor finally.
Ivor could not help but chuckle. "I can't even begin to describe you, Bonnie."
"You're right, let's just forget about it." Bonnie was thrilled that she finally managed to tease him. Even her steps were springy as she approached the photographer.
"Could you show me the pictures again? I'd like to delete the bad shots. If everything looks okay, I want to print them. You don't even have to edit them."
"Miss, you two looked stunning. Do you honestly think there would be bad shots?" The photographer was delighted to take the couple's pictures. "I guess I could still show you the pictures for your assurance."
"I appreciate it." Bonnie thanked him before taking the camera and meticulously checking the pictures. She instinctively grinned when she saw the love and happiness they emanated.
Ivor walked over to look at the
pictures with her. He naturally held
her waist and rested his chin on her shoulder, his eyes filled with profound affection. Under normal circumstances, Bonnie would have pushed him away. 
However, she silently turned and glanced at him this time.
The photographer found them so divine that he could not miss this opportunity. He pulled out his phone and took their picture.
Bonnie noticed it and stared at him, asking, "Why'd you do that?"
The photographer darted toward her and showed her his phone. He said shyly, "I'm sorry, miss. You two were sharing such an intimate moment and it looked phenomenal. I didn't want to miss such a perfect moment, so I took a photo with my phone. I hope I didn't offend you and make you think I had ill intentions." 
Bonnie looked at the phone and thought the picture was terrific, too. She said, "Oh, not at all. I owe you for taking a photo of such a lovely moment. You can print every picture you've ta taken for us, including the
one on your phone. Let us know how
much we owe you once you're
done." 
The photographer waved and said, "That won't be necessary. I refuse to take a single cent from you."
"Wait, why?" Bonnie asked, confused. Then, she glanced at Ivor, silently asking him what was happening.
###Chapter 971
Ivor understood the look Bonnie gave him. He looked at the photographer and said, "I thought we agreed on a price earlier. Why won't you charge us now?"
The photographer glanced at the couple, wondering if he should tell them about his request. After some thought, he mustered his courage and asked timidly, "I-I refuse to take your payment because I want to display one of your pictures on my wall as a promotional piece. Would you be okay with that?"
He knew they were not short on money but wanted to ask them anyway. After all, his studio would get more customers if he used one of their pictures as promotional material.
Although Ivor was okay with it, he still wanted to ask for Bonnie's opinion. "What do you think, honey?"
Bonnie thought leaving their picture behind in Zudale was an excellent idea. It would resemble them leaving their footprints there. She nodded, saying, "Sure, why not?"
The photographer was thrilled to hear their responses. He said enthusiastically, "Thank you, guys! I appreciate it so much. You have such kind souls."
Then, he ran to his office in the back and produced two necklaces before giving them to the couple. "Here, I made you two some couple's necklaces. They're not worth much, but they're meaningful. I hope you like them."
Bonnie smiled and accepted the necklaces. "Why wouldn't we like something so meaningful? We appreciate these lovely necklaces, mister."
Ivor took his necklace and put it in his pocket. "Thanks."
"You're very welcome!" The photographer smiled. "I wish you two a happy marriage and successful careers. Thank you for choosing my studio." Bonnie said gratefully, "We appreciate your wishes. You can print the pictures now. It's getting late, and we must return to our hotel soon."
The photographer nodded. "Okay, stay right here. I'll be back in ten minutes or so."
Then, he ran to his office to print the pictures. Soon after, he packed the photos and some frames into a gift box before giving them all to Bonnie. "Here you go. I included some quality frames, too. When you get back, just put in your pictures. It'll make the images look that much prettier." 
She smiled and said, "We can't thank you enough."
Ivor nodded at the photographer. "We'll take our leave now. You've been a joy to work with, mister."
"You're too kind." The photographer waved at the couple cheerfully. "My door will always be open for you. Goodbye!"
"We'll come again when we have the
chance." Bonnie waved back before leaving the studio with Ivor. Once outside, she opened the gift box and looked at the pictures. "These are lovely I'll make an album and put these in when we get home. When
we're older, we can reminisce about these sweet moments." 
Bonnie noticed Ivor's silence and turned to look at him. Suddenly, his lips drew closer. She was stunned at first but reacted swiftly and grabbed his collar. Then, she took the lead and kissed his lips. 
###Chapter 972
The couple kissed each other longingly in an alley. They panted when they pulled away from each other. Bonnie rubbed her red lips and shook her head helplessly. "Will you ever stop nibbling my lips?" Ivor raised his brows and asked, "Why would I stop doing that? Isn't that more romantic?"
She would not back down that easily. "I'll return the favor next time!"
'I bit him back the last time he bit me, but things are different this time, and so are my feelings.'
A sense of joy flashed in Ivor's eyes as he pointed at his lips and said, "You can do it now. I won't mind."
She rolled her eyes. "You wish! I'll lose if I bite you back now."
"Hahaha!" Ivor laughed heartily. "Suit yourself. You can bite me whenever you want. I'll be ready when you do."
Bonnie lifted her chin and said, "I'll bite you so hard that your lips will swell and look like two sausages."
"Oh, boy!" The joy in his eyes deepened. "I'm looking forward to it."
She rolled her eyes at him again. "You're so shameless!"
He leaned in and kissed her again, saying, "Mhm, I'm only like that around you. It's something only you'll get to see."
"I'm not interested in seeing that." Bonnie chuckled and pushed Ivor away.
He reacted by hugging her, but she promptly pushed him away again. The couple flirted with each other happily as they returned to the hotel.
Then, Ivor showered first while Bonnie sat on the bed and waited. She was watching videos on her phone when she received a call from an encrypted number. Bonnie frowned and turned to look at the bathroom to ensure it was still shut. She rose from the bed and went outside to answer the call, "What is it?"
A crisp male voice sounded on the
other end of the call, "Chief, something terrible has happened! Falcon turned on us and stole the chip we painstakingly developed. He's probably considering selling it for a profit." 
"Falcon stole the chip?" Bonnie's frown deepened. "Did you guys manage to track him down?"
Collin, the guy on the other end of
the call, shook his head and said, "We failed, He's too cunning, chief, He covered his tracks wherever he went, and we don't even know where to begin looking. All we can do is wait for your return to activate the satellite position to track him down."
Initially, Bonnie wanted to say that she would return immediately but realized she and Ivor were still on their honeymoon. The last thing she wanted was to disappoint her husband, so she rejected Collin's request.
"I'm in Zudale for important business. You can continue investigating however you can, and we can discuss relocating the satellite positioning when I return."
Collin asked, "When will you be back, chief? If I know that, arranging our workforce will be easier."
"I don't know when I'll be back yet,
but I'll tell you as soon as I do." Bonnie felt conflicted. On the one hand, she was on her honeymoon with Ivor. On the other, she had done plenty of research and spent too much time developing the chip.
Ultimately, she chose to stay with Ivor. After all, they only had one honeymoon throughout their lives, and she did not want them to have any regrets when they reminisced about it.
###Chapter 973
Bonnie decided it was better to forgo the issue concerning the stolen chip. She believed in her subordinates' capabilities and that they would not let Falcon get too far away.
Collin did not pressure Bonnie. Instead, he said, "Copy that. I'll make some arrangements to slow Falcon down. I fear he might sell the chip. It'll be much harder to track it down if that happens."
"I believe in you, Collin. Do whatever you can for now, and I'll try to return as soon as possible." Bonnie rubbed her brows in frustration.
'I can't catch a break. It's supposed to be my honeymoon, yet something disastrous has happened in my organization. Great, now I won't have peace of mind!'
"Understood, Ms. Bonnie. I'll get to work now." Collin hung up the phone.
When Bonnie returned to the room with her phone, she saw Ivor removing his towel. She opened the door so suddenly that he thought she was someone else, making him instinctively cover his private part. Bonnie could not help but tease him, "Why bother covering yourself? It's not like I've never seen what's under there."
Ivor realized she was joking and decided to remain n***. He flung his towel aside and asked, "Do you want to come closer to admire me? I don't think you can see it well from over there."
He approached Bonnie and thought she would shy away from him. Surprisingly, she walked right at him. "How can I say no when you want to show me your body?"
She smiled and added, "I won't just look, either. I'll touch and feel it, too."
Ivor was stunned, staring at her with widened eyes. Then, she waved a hand before his eyes and said, "What's wrong? Did I scare you?"
Her voice returned him to his
senses. He saw how forthright he was and moved closer, saying, "I'm surprised at your newfound demeanor. I think I might need a
moment to adjust." 
toFindNovel.net
Bonnie grinned playfully and asked, "Is that because I'm straightforward? I seem to recall you saying you love outspoken and forthright women. You weren't lying, huh?"
Ivor could not decide if he should laugh or cry at that moment. He said, "Don't get me wrong, honey. I've never said such a thing. I love you whichever way you are."
Bonnie's smile widened. Then, she
followed suit and moved closer, saying, 'should've listened to you and let myself go much earlier. After all, you're my husband, and Kcan do whatever I want to you." 
'Bonnie's so bold now! I'm having a little trouble adjusting to her abrupt change. Oh, no! I think I'm blushing!'
She realized she had stunned him
and stepped forward to lift his chin.
"Ivor, why aren't you saying
anything? You're the one who told
me not to be embarrassed. So, why are you blushing now?"
Suddenly, Bonnie caressed him. "Mmm, nice abs. I like how it feels when I run my fingers across them. I'll bet it'll feel better if you hit the gym more."
Ivor's breath became more labored by the second. He held her waist and said, "You're playing with fire, Bonnie. I don't know if I can control myself if you keep this up."
###Chapter 974
"Did I tell you to control your urges? Let's get down to business." Bonnie raised her brows and pulled Ivor toward her.
He stared at her and felt his heart pounding.
'She looks so tempting that I can no longer control myself. I just can't get enough of her.'
Suddenly, Bonnie kissed his lips and pinned him to the bed. "It's my turn to pin you down now. I won't give you a chance to fight back!"
Ivor grinned and lay flat on the bed, showing no signs of struggling. "Go ahead and do whatever you want."
She chuckled and wrapped her arms around his neck. Soon after, the air was heavy with love and l***.
The following day, Bonnie woke up and saw Ivor's affectionate eyes. He said, "Rise and shine, honey. How was last night?"
She rubbed her sore waist as she recalled last night's activities. "I can't believe you're asking me that question. It took a toll on my waist. How's that for an answer?"
Ivor lived up to his words and let Bonnie do all the work last night. She felt strained and exhausted after all that.
'Next time, I won't insist on pinning him down. I realize it's much more relaxing to lie down and let him do most of the work instead.'
Ivor massaged her waist and said, "If you're tired, maybe we should forget about the activities and rest in the hotel today."
Bonnie glanced at him. "What kind of activities did you plan for us? I'll go if it's something I like. Otherwise, we can just rest inside."
This time, lyor did not keep her in suspense. Instead, he told her everything, "I planned to take you paragliding today. We'd share a paraglider and soar in the sky together." 
That immediately piqued her interest. "That sounds exciting! Let's freshen up now and head out after breakfast!"
Ivor knew his wife too well and chose activities that best suited her. It would be a tall order for her to remain calm.
"Are you sure you want to go out with your sore waist? We can take a break today and go tomorrow instead," he said while massaging her waist to relieve some discomfort.
Bonnie looked at him and said, "I
refuse to let my sore waist stop me
from having fun. I'll be okay. Go and
freshen up already! I want to go paragliding as soon as possible!"
She sounded cheerful and energized, so Ivor said, "All right, you freshen up first while I prepare breakfast. We can leave sooner if we split the work."
"You got it!" Bonnie quickly rolled out of bed and darted to the restroom.
Ivor could not resist smiling when he saw her scurrying. He thought, 'She's always so hasty and can't wait to do what she set her mind to. That said, Bonnie has always worked hard in the research
ovel
ΛΟ
institute. It's nice that she can relax now.' 
###Chapter 975
After breakfast, Bonnie and Ivor went to the paragliding spot. The former looked around the boundless meadow and suddenly yelled, "Ah!"
She felt relieved of her exhaustion immediately after. Then, he followed suit and yelled, "I love you, Bonnie!"
She turned to him and realized how serious he looked. A hint of joy flashed in her eyes as she said, "I love you, too, Ivor."
The couple grinned at each other and held hands as they walked ahead. They were surrounded by magnificent scenery while beside the person they loved most. It was a wonderful feeling. Ivor and Bonnie took a lap and returned to where they started. That was when they saw a man in a uniform approaching. The staff member looked at Ivor and asked, "Are you Mr. Ivor?" Ivor nodded and shook the man's hand. "Indeed, I am."
"I'm in charge of your safety, Mr. Ivor. When would you like to begin? I have others in line, so I'd like to make arrangements to suit your time."
Ivor looked at Bonnie. "What do you think?"
"Let's do it now. We shouldn't make everyone wait for us." She held her husband's hand and led him to the site.
The staff member followed them and said, "I appreciate your understanding, miss. I'll tell my colleagues to prepare your paragliding gear. We'll ensure you have the best experience." "Thanks a bunch," Bonnie said.
Soon after, they reached the site, and the other staff member hooked them up to safety equipment before taking them to a helicopter. As the helicopter took them to the highest point in the vicinity, the staff member said, "We're at the intermediate height now. Do you want to go higher?" 
ЛОЦ
"Take us to the maximum altitude. That'll make it more fun." Bonnie excitedly looked at the boundless view below. She was dying to conquer the challenge and even considered jumping off immediately.
On the other hand, Ivor was a little worried about her as it was her first time paragliding. He could not help but ask, "Don't you want to try the intermediate height first? We can always try higher altitudes later." 
"That won't be necessary. Paragliding is all about the thrill of flying, right? It won't be fun unless we're at the highest point," Bonnie said as she noticed the worry in her husband's eyes.
She held his hand and added, "Don't worry about me. I love challenging sports like this. I thought you knew that about me."
Ivor did not argue, saying, "All right, let's do it."
Soon after, the staff member said, "Okay, we're at the maximum altitude. Hop off the helicopter whenever you're ready."
Ivor was about to ask Bonnie if she was ready. Suddenly, she grabbed his hand and jumped off, dragging him along.
He panicked, but only for a second. He then held his wife's hand, balanced himself, and took control of the paraglider. As the couple glided through the sky, they steadied themselves and admired the spectacular view.
Bonnie smiled as she glanced at Ivor. They could feel themselves growing closer to each other. The couple decided to hold each other close and brave the future together. They hoped to stay this happy and love each other forever. 
###Chapter 976
The paragliding ended after an hour.
Bonnie felt like her heart was filled with happiness. It was such a thrilling experience.
Ivor asked with a smile, "Isn't it exhilarating? How about we have another go?"
"That won't be necessary. Once is more than enough. I'd much prefer this memory to remain the way it is. We'll come back in the future if we have the chance."
She started removing her paragliding gear.
He said, "Alright. We'll do as you say."
Ivor got a phone call from Floyd when they got back to the hotel.
"When are you and Mrs. Bonnie coming back, Mr. Ivor?"
"I'm not sure about that. What's the matter?" He walked toward the chair not far from him and took a seat.
"Nothing big, really. It's just that there are too many things going on in the company, and I can't quite hold down the fort anymore..." He sounded grouchy. Judging by his tone alone, he must've had the worst time ever.
'I was supposed to go along with Ivor and Bonnie. But I was asked to stay because there was an urgent case that needed attention.
'I didn't know I'd be alone for this long, though. If Ivor doesn't come back sooner, I'm going to be crushed by this insane workload.'
Ivor couldn't help but frown. "When have you become so incapable, Floyd? It's only been a few days since I left. Is that the best you can do?" Floyd felt sorry for himself when he heard what his boss said.
"It's not that I'm incapable, Mr. Ivor. There's just too much going on here. I have no idea how to put it into words. You'll see it when you come back." Ivor frowned. He was about to say something when Bonnie spoke. "I think we've had quite a lot of fun. It's time we go back to our lives."
"Really?"
'Our honeymoon is too short if we go back home now,' Ivor thought to himself.
"We've only tried out a couple of activities. Are you sure you want to go home now?"
"What matters is that we've created some unique memories for ourselves. Furthermore, we've been out here for so long. It's time we go home and check on Grandpa."
'Frankly speaking, these are just part of the reason I want to go home. What's more important is that I have to deal with the chip.
'Falcon must've turned on us and stole the chip for money. If I don't react fast enough, he might sell it to someone. Then, it's going to complicate things.' Ivor thought about what she said and found that she made a fine point.
"Alright. Whatever you say, goes. If you want to go home, then we'll go right now."
"I'm going to buy the plane tickets tonight. Then, we'll take a flight back to Pyralis tomorrow." She pulled out her phone and did just that.
He talked to Floyd for a while before hanging up the phone. He looked at Bonnie who was staring right at her phone. He couldn't help but ask, "Why do I get the feeling that you're eager to go home?" 
She paused for a while before she said, "Am I? I just thought that we'd been away for too long. Grandpa might've missed us."
"Alright. I'll let you make the arrangements, then."
The next day, Bonnie and Ivor took a flight back to Pyralis in the
afternoon. Floyd drove to the airport to pick them up. The moment he saw lvor, he said excitedly, "You guys are finally back, Mr. Ivon Mrs. Bonnie." 
SV
Ivor looked at his assistant disdainfully. "I'm going to see just how much work there is and if it justifies your expression. "
Floyd's expression turned bitter.
"I'm going to start crying if I talk about it! In fact, I don't think I have to tell you anything, Mr. Ivor. You'll see it when you're at the company."
###Chapter 977
Chapter 977
Ivor shook his head. "You're useless, Floyd."
Floyd didn't have any comeback for that. 'Fine. I don't care if Ivor says that I'm useless! What matters is that I'll be able to have peace of mind now that he's back.'
Bonnie said with a smile, "That's enough. Let's go home."
"Okay. Let's move now." Ivor held her hand and got into the car.
A couple of hours later, the Maybach pulled into Sigmund's villa. The old man's face lit up when he saw them.
"What are you guys doing at home? Why didn't you spend more time at Zudale?"
Ivor glanced at Bonnie before saying with a smile, "Bonnie was concerned about you. She was worried you might feel lonely in the villa. That's why we're here right now."
Sigmund's eyes were filled with joy.
"I knew it. Bonnie knows me the best. I was so bored when you guys were away. Now that you're back, I'm feeling more cheerful."
She stepped forward and held the old man's hand intimately. "I'll play a game of chess with you tomorrow, Grandpa. I won't let you feel bored." Sigmund laughed heartily and said, "Wonderful. I've been waiting for that."
Their joyous laughter brought a smile to Ivor's face as well.
At that moment, the entire living room was filled with a harmonious, merry atmosphere.
That night, Ivor headed to the study to go through the documents, while Bonnie stayed in her room by herself.
She locked the door and was about to give Collin a call, but she heard a voice from the window. The next thing she knew, she heard a relentless thudding noise as if someone were rapping on the window.
'It's so late now. Who would be rapping on my window? Is it someone who means me harm?'
Just as she was making these wild assumptions, her phone buzzed. She saw that it was a text from Collin.
"Open the window, chief. I'm right outside."
Her eyes widened before she went over to the window and opened it. She saw Collin hanging off the ledge of the balcony.
"What the heck is wrong with you? What are you going to do if Ivor is here? Are you trying to get yourself killed?"
"I've been holing up in the villa for a while. I saw him going to the study before I came here."
With a single leap, he hopped into her room
Her lips twitched in response.
I'm getting a sense of deja vu. Jim used to do the same thing when he needs to talk to me. Why can't any of them get in touch with me with something a little more normal?'
Collin gave himself a couple of seconds to catch his breath. Then, he recalled the reason he was here, and his expression grew solemn.
"I'm here because I need to tell you this, chief. Falcon has fled to Yale! What we know is that he still hasn't sold off the chip. However, he's looking for buyers online. He'll sell it to whoever's willing to pay the highest price.
"The chip is highly sought after. If we don't move fast, he's going to sell it for a profit."
###Chapter 978
Chapter 978
Realizing that Bonnie wasn't responding to him, Collin said hastily, "What's on your mind, chief? Why aren't you saying anything? Should we send someone to Yale to chase him down? With you here, I think Falcon will be more than willing to return us the chip."
Bonnie frowned, a hint of hesitation in her delicate eyes.
"Yale is too far away."
'If this had happened in the past, I would've taken a flight and captured Falcon. Then, I'd teach him a lesson myself and make him regret betraying the organization!
'But, now things are different. I had just gotten married to Ivor. If I told him out of nowhere that I needed to attend to some matter at Yale, he'd surely overthink it.
'More to the point, it's tricky for me to deal with the mess Falcon brought us. It's going to take me a while to resolve it. This particular identity of mine is unconventional. So, I can't possibly tell him about it. Ugh. I have no idea how I should proceed now.
"Um... Too far away?" Collin rubbed the back of his head, stunned. "What kind of reason is that, chief?"
She rubbed her eyebrows, frustrated. "I don't know how to explain it to you, Collin. The point is that I can't go to Yale for the time being. You're going to have to stay put for now. Meanwhile, I'll make some arrangements and see if I can fly to Yale as soon as possible."
He understood that she must've had some unique reasons for not being able to do it. So, he dropped the matter.
"Go ahead and make the arrangements, chief. I'll send some of our men to keep a close eye on Falcon and prevent him from selling the chip." "Alright. Keep up the good work, Collin," she said, her eyes filled with helplessness.
'Getting anxious about it wouldn't help at all. I have to take this step by step. I don't want to drag Ivor into this if I can help it. He might cause unnecessary problems.'
"Certainly. I'm just worried that stalling might give Falcon the window he needs to sell the chip. After all, the organization researched and developed it for two long years. Our efforts would be completely wasted if he did sell it." Collin sighed heavily.
It was the last thing she wanted to see happen as well. So, she continued figuring out a way to resolve it.
All of a sudden, something popped into her mind. She was about to say something to Collin, but someone knocked on the door.
She heard Ivor's charming voice. "Are you still up, Bonnie?"
That stunned her immediately. She came back to her senses a second later and looked at Collin. "Hurry up and hide!"
'It's so late in the night. What's going to happen if Ivor sees a man in my room now? I have to avoid an unnecessary misunderstanding. I can't let him see Collin in my room!'
"Your room is not that spacious. Where could I hide?" Collin was extremely anxious too. He tried looking for a spot.
All of a sudden, Bonnie recalled how Jim was also almost caught when he came to her room. Back then, Jim hid in the bathroom!
She yanked Collin's arm, dragged him over to the bathroom, and stuffed him in there.
"Hide in here and don't make any noises, no matter what. You got that?"
Collin nodded furiously. "Roger, chief."
Once she was sure that he had hidden himself, she closed the bathroom door.
The moment she did that, Ivor opened the door to her room and walked inside. He saw her closing the bathroom door and thought it was strange.
He couldn't help but ask, puzzled, "Why did you just close the bathroom, Bonnie? Is there something inside?"
###Chapter 979
Chapter 979
Ivor started walking toward the bathroom. Before he could do that, however, Bonnie hurried over and stood in his way.
"Um... You can't go in there now..."
He had a sense that something was amiss from the start. Now that he heard what she said, things felt all the more uncanny.
"Why can't I go into the bathroom? Is there something unusual in there?"
She was uncharacteristically panicky, afraid that he'd see Collin in there. After all, she wouldn't be able to explain herself if he did. So, she stood firm at the door and stopped him from going in.
At the same time, she thought of a wonderful excuse for it. Bending over, she clutched her belly and pretended to have had a severe case of stomach upset.
"What's so unusual about it? It's just that I had a really bad stomachache earlier. So, it smells awful in there right now. Are you sure you want to look inside?"
He glanced at her, concerned. "Well. How do you feel now? Do you still have a stomachache?"
Shaking her head, she said, "Come over and help to me to the couch, so I can rest and catch my breath."
"Okay." He responded and walked over to hold her by her arms.
I can't believe I said that, but it should've bought Collin some time. I hope he'll find a way to escape. If the whole thing is exposed, I won't be able to explain myself, ever."
Just as he helped her walk toward the couch, he saw a dusty boot print by the bathroom door. It was only half of the shoe, but it was very visible against the beige floorboard.
He stopped in his tracks and stared at the boot print with unblinking eyes.
Noticing that he had stopped, she turned her head sideways and looked at him. She asked, confused, "What's the matter? Why are we stopping?" He didn't say anything. Instead, he pursed his lips and fixed his gaze on the boot print.
She couldn't help but follow his gaze. Then, she saw it. Collin left a boot print by the door. She inhaled sharply.
"Tsk! The jig is up.'
He noticed her shifting emotions and pursed his lips tighter. This time, he walked past her and headed straight toward the bathroom.
She saw it and walked after him to try to stop him.
"I told you, Ivor. I've just done a number two in there. It smells terrible. Why do you have to go inside?"
He stopped in his tracks and stared at her inquisitively.
"Are you sure about that, Bonnie? Or is it because you hid someone in there and didn't want me to find out about it?"
Actually, she had thought about other excuses. However, it was presumably the guilt that set her back. Her lips parted, and she almost said it out loud, but she couldn't find her voice.
###Chapter 980
Chapter 980
Ivor couldn't help but stare at Bonnie more profoundly when he saw how suspicious she was. He took brisk steps toward the bathroom and pushed the door wide open.
Her heart felt as if it had jumped to her throat. 'It's over!'
Her heart throbbed with the loud noise. She lowered her gaze. She knew Ivor must've been pitting himself against Collin, but she didn't have the courage to witness the moment.
However, she heard nothing for a long time.
Raising her head, she looked at the bathroom, only to find that it was empty. There was nobody in there.
'Eh? Where's Collin? Did he jump out of the bathroom window? This is wonderful. It's a good thing Ivor didn't see him. I got lucky yet again."
She let out a sigh of relief and raised her head. The next thing she knew, Ivor was staring into her eyes profoundly.
Her heart skipped a beat. Out of pure instinct, she pinched her nose tightly, as if she smelled something terrible.
"If you won't trust me, then see for yourself. Rather, smell for yourself! Is it awful enough for you? I can't believe you said I hid someone in there. What on earth are you thinking?!"
He didn't smell anything different, but he did find it rather odd that there was a boot print left on the floor.
"If there's no one else in there, then where did this dusty boot print come from?"
He directed his gaze at her feet.
"Your slippers are clean and free of dust. So, it couldn't have been yours. Someone else must've left the boot print."
She maintained her cool and waved her hand. "It could be a butler with a dusty shoe. Perhaps they came in here to clean the restroom and left the boot print. We're in our own home. How would someone other than our family and staff step foot into this villa?"
He mulled it over and thought she made a fine point.
"I guess you're right. However, that butler is way too careless. Why would he leave such a dirty bootprint here? It bugs me to look at it. I'm going to tell Alfred about this first thing in the morning and have him deal with it."
She waved and said, "Perhaps they made a mistake. Why are you taking it so seriously? Let's just pretend nothing happened instead. It's just a boot print. I'll wipe it off."
Then, she cleaned up the boot print with a tissue.
"There. It's clean."
He nodded. "I won't talk to Alfred about it, then. Whatever you say goes."
'I still find her actions strange, but it was nothing more than a wild guess. I don't have any proof to back it up. It's better if I just drop it!'
"You shouldn't have worried too much about it. It was such a minor issue. There's no need to blow it up." Realizing that Collin wasn't here, she relaxed instantly and spoke in a cheerful tone.
Walking over to the couch. She sat and asked him, "Anyway, how did things go with your company? Is everything going smoothly?"
"I've worked out everything." He rubbed his eyebrow. "With that said, I had misunderstood Floyd. There's actually quite a lot of stuff to deal with. It's understandable that he couldn't handle it by himself."
She couldn't help but say playfully, "Do you think everyone could work as swiftly as you do?"
###Chapter 981
Chapter 981
Ivor's lips curled into a grin.
"Is that your way of praising me?"
She giggled before rolling her eyes. "I was just making a casual remark, but you still manage to spin it. Your shamelessness knows no bounds, Ivor."
He laughed and walked toward her. Just as he was about to say something, someone knocked on the door. Wiping the smile off his face, he walked over to open the door. He frowned when he saw that it was Floyd. "Why are you knocking on her door at this time of night?" Ivor was obviously dissatisfied.
'I know Ivor doesn't want me to get in the way of their private time, but this is too important. It can't wait.'
He braced himself, took a step close to Ivor, and whispered, "Please come with me, Mr. Ivor. I need to talk to you about the chip."
"The chip?" Ivor was visibly worked up. "Do you have the news about the chip?"
Floyd nodded in response.
"Wait for me in the study. I'll be there soon." Ivor said.
I've gone to great lengths to track down the chip back then. It has been so long, too. I was even considering giving up on searching for it. I can't believe Floyd gave me such great news!'
"Copy that." Floyd responded and made his way to the study.
Ivor turned around and walked over to Bonnie. "Something came up, and I have to go to the study to deal with it. Go to sleep. I'll be back in a jiffy." She yawned and waved at him. "Hurry on over to the study. Don't worry about me. I'll sleep when I'm tired."
"Alright. I'll be leaving now." He pecked her cheek. Then, he walked briskly out the door.
Touching the wet sensation on her cheeks, she couldn't help but blush a little. At the same time, she grumbled internally.
'How shameless. He needed to work on something, but he didn't neglect to take advantage of me before he did it!"
Later, Ivor sat on his chair in the study while Floyd gave him the latest update.
"We managed to find out that someone named Falcon posted the chip on the dark web. A lot of buyers are vying for it. Some of them are even offering 100 million dollars. I'm not sure if it's okay to proceed with buying it, so I'm here to check with you, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor pondered it for a moment before he said immediately, "It's just 100 million dollars. The chip is worth more than that. Go ahead and offer a billion dollars. Tell me how Falcon responds to you, then.
"Remember. Don't pay him a cent until you've seen the chip itself! Ask him to give us the chip, and we'll give him the money after that." Floyd nodded slightly and responded, "Gotcha, Ms. Ivor. With that said, don't you think a billion dollars is a bit much?"
Ivor shook his head. "Not at all. The chips contain a lot of technology that we have use for. I'll pay him that amount of money if that's what it takes to get the chip. It'll be worth it."
###Chapter 982
Chapter 982
Floyd was aware that his boss treasured the chip. However, he was still shocked when he heard the amount the latter was willing to pay for it.
Regaining his composure, he nodded and responded, "Alright, Mr. Ivor. I'll try to find a way to get in touch with him and find out if the chip he has is the real deal."
Ivor nodded before analyzing the situation. "I don't think this Falcon guy is faking it. He has the authentic chip."
Floyd was a little puzzled. "What makes you say so, Mr. Ivor?"
"We're not the only ones who are after it. There are other organizations that are searching for it too. He posted the chip on the dark web, and it very nearly garnered attention from every major organization across the globe. How do you think it's going to end for him if it turns out to be a fake?"
"You're right. This Falcon guy wouldn't be so bold as to pull a fast one over the major organizations. So, he must've had the real chip before he posted it on the dark web."
"Exactly. Then, decide on a place for us to make the trade."
"I think our men have managed to contact him. They're probably negotiating the price with him now. If the price was agreeable, they would've finalized the location."
At the next moment, Floyd's phone, which was in his pocket, buzzed all of a sudden. Pulling out his phone, he realized it was a text from the man who was liaising with Falcon.
He read the text meticulously before raising his head to look at Ivor. "Our men managed to establish contact with Falcon. He said he wanted two billion for the chip. We're free to examine it before we pay him the money."
"Two billion dollars..." Ivor rubbed his chin gently and pondered it. "That's too much. Have our men negotiate with him and bring the price down to 1.6 billion dollars. If he agrees to it, we'll trade with him."
"Got it, Mr. Ivor. I'll ask them to bring down the price."
They waited for more than 10 minutes and finally got good news.
"Falcon agreed to sell us the chip for 1.6 billion dollars. All we have to do now is bring the money to the location."
Ivor asked at once, "Where's Falcon?"
Floyd lowered his head and confirmed the address before raising his head again to look at Ivor. "According to the address he gave us, he wants to meet at an underground market in Yale."
"Yale? That's a little far." Ivor frowned. He didn't want to be away from Bonnie.
'After all, various organizations will be there. This trip to Yale isn't just about getting the chip. We'll have to deal with a lot of things as well. I won't be able to come back to Pyralis for the time being.'
Floyd saw it and had a good idea of what his master was thinking about.
"Are you reluctant to leave Mrs. Bonnie's side, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor didn't respond to him, but he wore his feelings on his sleeves. It was clear what he was thinking about.
So, Floyd offered him some suggestions, "I think it's okay to tell Ms. Bonnie about this, Mr. Ivor. You can let her tag along and travel to Yale with
you. That way, you'll be able to work on the chip and keep her by your side. This is the perfect solution."
Ivor gave him a sidelong glance, looking at him the way he would a doofus. "Do you think I wouldn't have thought about that?"
###Chapter 983
Chapter 983
That stunned Floyd. He was a little confused.
"Are you not going to take Ms. Bonnie with you, Mr. Ivor? Why would you do something like that?"
"This particular identity of mine is deeply entrenched with various people. If I pull Bonnie into this world, then I might put her in danger. That's why I don't intend to tell her about it unless it's absolutely necessary."
He rubbed his eyebrow in frustration. "But I have to get my hands on this chip."
I've just gotten married to Bonnie. Ugh, I can't help it. I feel reluctant to tell her that I need to go to Yale and part ways with her now.
'However, I've been tracking down the chip for a long time. I don't have a choice. It's so hard to make a choice between the lady I love and the chip I sought after.'
On the other hand, Floyd didn't have any experience with relationships. So, he had no idea how he should advise his master. All he could do was remain quiet until Ivor thought of something.
Ivor sat on his chair wordlessly for a long time before he said, "I've made up my mind. I'm going to Yale to get the chip back, but I'm not going to tell her where I'm going. As far as she's concerned, I'm going on a work trip. Guard your tongue, and don't let her know about it. Okay?"
"Got it, Mr. Ivor! This is a big deal. So, I'll never let it slip." He raised his hand and swore.
Ivor nodded, satisfied. "Okay. It seems you know how important it is. So, I'm going to drop the matter now. Go ahead and make the arrangements for my trip to Yale. I'm going to talk to Bonnie now."
"Copy that." Floyd responded and left immediately to do his bidding.
Ivor headed straight to his bedroom.
Bonnie seemed so tired. She kept yawning while she leaned on the headboard. His lips couldn't help but curl into a grin. She was obviously all tuckered out, and yet she was still fighting the urge to sleep.
Walking over, he touched her perky cheek and asked, "Why aren't you sleeping, Bonnie? Are you waiting for me?"
His voice was both soft and affectionate, but she still snapped out of her drowsiness. She looked at him, who was very close to her, and rubbed her eyes.
"Yeah. I'm waiting for you so we can sleep together. I don't want you working too late into the night."
His heart turned into mush at that. Slipping out of his shoes, he held her in his embrace.
"You're the one who loves me the most, Bonnie."
She felt his warmth seeping from her back. It made her feel a little uneasy. So, she shifted herself a little and kept some distance from him. "Um... Are you done dealing with the earlier matter?"
He responded, "Yeah. It's done."
"Did something huge happen at your company? Floyd seemed a little distressed when he came over to report it to you."
'Actually, I'm more worried about him than what's happening in his company. I don't want him to keep quiet about it if something big happened.'
Ivor ran his fingers through her hair absentmindedly and said, "It's no biggie, really. It's just a video conference with my business associates overseas. Anyway, I have something important to tell you."
It wasn't every day that he talked to her in this solemn manner. So, she couldn't help but lean over and listen to him. "What is it? You have to tell me about it if something happens to your company. I'll do my best and help you with it."
###Chapter 984
Chapter 984
"I do have a project I need to liaise with overseas. My people don't have any idea how they should deal with it. So, I'm needed over there. I might have to go on a work trip." His grip on her waist tightened as he spoke. "I'm not sure if you'll get mad at me, though."
At first, Bonnie was stunned. Then, she couldn't resist giggling.
"If you have something to take care of, then go right ahead. Do I look like someone who's so petty that I'll get upset over something so insignificant?"
'Actually, I was wrestling with myself about whether I should go to Yale and get the chip back myself. This is my chance to do exactly that!
'If he's on a work trip, I'll be able to travel to Yale to deal with the stolen chip. That way, we wouldn't get in each other's way. Moreover, we'll be able to reunite when both of us are done with our work. It's a perfect solution.'
"I know you won't get mad because it's my work. What I'm trying to say is that I'm very reluctant to leave you alone. Honestly, I wouldn't have parted ways with you if it wasn't because this project is just too important to ignore." He sighed, the longing in his tone was unmistakable.
Patting his arm, she comforted him, "There, there. We're just going to be apart for a short time. It's not like we won't see each other again. Once you get back from your work trip, we can just pick up where we left off."
While he knew what she was talking about, he couldn't shake off his reluctance. However, he didn't say anything further. All he did was hug her tightly and not let go.
She soothed him by patting his shoulder. Leaning on his chest quietly, she felt the warmth of his body and listened to his heartbeat.
'It's true. We'll be able to see each other again once both of us are back home. However, I'm also feeling very reluctant to leave him right now. 'With that said, I have to deal with the stolen chip. It's very important. I should wrap it up quickly and come back home to keep him company as soon as I can.'
The next day, Ivor left early in the morning.
She had planned to make him a hearty breakfast before sending him to the airport. However, he had left quietly. By the time she woke up, he was nowhere to be seen.
Realizing the fact that he was no longer here, she couldn't help but smile helplessly. 'He probably left without saying anything because he didn't want to disturb my sleep.
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when she heard Alfred's voice.
"Good moming, Mrs. Bonnie. Mr. Ivor had to catch an early plane, so he couldn't say goodbye to you. However, he did make some breakfast for you. They're right there in the kitchen. Would you like me to heat them for you?"
She was stunned for a while.
"Didn't he leave very early for the plane? How did he find the time to make breakfast for me? Did he honestly stay awake for the entire night?" She couldn't help but feel heartbroken for him. He's on a work trip and yet he still thinks about me...
"If Mr. Ivor sets his mind to something, then he'll see it through." Alfred said with a smile, "Moreover, I think he's more than happy to do it as long as it's for you, Mrs. Bonnie."
"I'm aware of that, but I feel bad, too. He's being so lovely and considerate." She moved toward the dining hall. "I'll heat the breakfast he made for me. You don't have to worry about it, Alfred."
Alfred could tell how much they were thinking of each other. On top of that, they understood one another so well. He couldn't help but smile. "Alright, Mrs. Bonnie. I'm going to go back to my work. Just summon me if you need help with anything. I'll remain nearby."
###Chapter 985
Chapter 985
"Alright." Bonnie responded and walked over to the dining table. She glanced at the food and found that they were all her favorites. A warm, fuzzy feeling rose within her chest.
'Ivor is just the best. I don't think there are any words to really describe how lovely he is.'
She proceeded to heat her breakfast.
'I need to get myself ready quickly. It's time for me to meet with Collin.'
Once she was done having breakfast, she went upstairs and gave Collin a call. "I want you guys to get yourselves ready and meet me at Lenfield Resort before noon. We're going to Yale together."
That stunned him.
"Haven't you said that you can't go, chief? What's with the sudden changes? Aren't you worried that Mr. Ivor might find out about it?"
"He's not here. What's there to worry about?" She was completely free of worries now.
Ivor was out on a work trip. So, she could do whatever she wanted without worrying about him.
"What do you mean he's not here? Are you trying to say that "He was about to say something, but she cut him off.
"As luck would have it, he's away on a work trip. So, stop thinking about the useless stuff."
'Collin has been working as my assistant for a long time now. I knew just what he was thinking the moment he opened his mouth.
'He has a rich imagination. I have no idea what he fills his brain with every day.'
"I-I wasn't thinking about any useless stuff..." He sounded guilty.
She rolled her eyes in response.
"That's enough with your crap. Hurry up and get everything ready for the trip. Once you're done, find me at the Lenfield Resort. Then, we'll set out immediately. We can't afford to waste time and do nothing about Falcon's thievery."
"Got it, chief." Collin hung up the phone and left to do her bidding.
Meanwhile, Bonnie packed up her stuff swiftly and walked out of the room.
Alfred saw her with her duffle bag and couldn't help but ask, "Where are you going, Mrs. Bonnie?"
"Ivor's not going to be around for the time being. It's going to be boring for me. So, I'm moving back to Lenfield Resort." She had prepared her answer beforehand. That was why she could respond to him in a perfectly calm manner.
"Alright, Mrs. Bonnie. If Mr. Ivor calls back, I'll let him know about it."
She nodded and said, "Sure thing. Just tell him the truth"
"Got it, Mrs. Bonnie. Do you need me to arrange a ride for you?" He asked as he pulled out his phone, ready to make a call to the chauffeur.
"That won't be necessary. I'll drive myself." She turned around and waved at him. Then, she took her duffle bag and left.
Once she arrived at Lenfield Resort, she started making preparations for the trip. She took out a big case of makeup tools as well as a short-haired wig.
Then, she took a seat and started putting on makeup. She was doing it as if she were making a painting. Before long, even her jawline was starting to look a little different.
She put on the wig, and voilà, a stunning gentleman was in the mirror now.
###Chapter 986
Chapter 986
Bonnie looked in the mirror several times. She made sure that her camouflage was flawless and smiled, satisfied.
'It has been a long time since I've camouflaged myself. I thought I would make some mistakes, but my work is as flawless as it has always been. This is some impeccable camouflage, if I do say so myself.'
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when she heard the doorbell.
Tearing her gaze away, she walked over to the door. Once she opened the door, she saw Collin, who was dressed in a black shirt, standing in front of her.
He boasted exquisite features and emanated a somewhat devilishly charming aura. His red hair brought out his arrogance, while three of his buttons were undone, making him look all the more s***.
Her lips couldn't help but twitch at the sight.
"We're going to Yale for serious business. Why did you dress yourself in such a flashy outfit? This isn't a luxury trip. Judging by your looks, you're going to attract attention when we're at the airport.
"Perhaps we should split up. The last thing I want is for people to look at me like I'm a circus clown."
He looked at his outfit and responded pitifully, "This is the most low-key attire I could find in my wardrobe, chief. Is the black shirt not subtle enough?"
Then, he stole a glance at her.
'Bonnie has camouflaged herself as a man, but that does nothing to diminish her good looks. She's wearing a hoodie and loose pants, which only accentuates her youth.
'The moment she walks outside, the ladies are going to be screaming in admiration. I'd even go so far as to say they'll ask for her phone number.'
He decided he'd give her a piece of his mind.
"Do you honestly you're any better than me, chief? You might not have dressed in a flashy outfit, but I'm sure your good looks are going to cause a bigger scene than I ever could.
"If you don't believe me, feel free to walk outside now. Let's see if you'll cause a scene right away. I wouldn't want you to think that it's my fault when we arrive at the airport later."
"You're kind of a smart-mouth, Collin."
She turned around and scanned herself in the mirror nonetheless.
As a matter of fact, she still looked hot even if she camouflaged herself as a man. She was so stunning that no one could tell if she was a man or a woman. There was no way she wouldn't cause a scene when she left her villa!
'Is there a way for me to cover up my good looks for the time being? I mean, I could've camouflaged myself to be more hideous. However, I'm very particular when it comes to my appearance.
'I have no intention to be staring into the mirror and finding a hideous mug staring back at me.'
She was still churning her brain when she rubbed her chin, trying to figure out a solution.
"Actually, we've been worrying over nothing. If we're good-looking, then we can wear a mask to cover it up. If that's not enough, we could wear a hat too. That'll wrap us up nicely and prevent the others from seeing our faces. Don't you think that's going to solve our issue?"
Collin heard what she said and added, "Actually, I do that all the time. I just didn't think of it just now." "Heh." She threw him a glance, not bothered to explain what she thought about him.
###Chapter 987
Chapter 987
Collin stared into Bonnie's eyes and felt a little embarrassed.
She couldn't be bothered by him. Raising her hand, she checked the time. "It's getting late. Let's hit the road now. Otherwise, we'll miss our flight."
He walked over and helped her carry her suitcase as well as her camouflage kit. Once he had everything, he flashed her a smile. "Let's go, chief. Our next target Yale."
She couldn't help but giggle at that. "Target? Do you think we're going to war?"
"Actually, don't you think this is somewhat similar to a war? We're hunting down Falcon, the guy who betrayed our organization. Don't you think we're going to wage war on him?"
Her lips twitched in response. "Cut it out. You don't know anything, but you're still trying to show off." "I wasn't trying to-"He was about to say something, but she cut him off.
"That's enough. Stop talking. Put these suitcases in the trunk and get us to the airport now. Otherwise, we're really going to miss our flight."
He checked the time and found that it was actually growing short. So, he pushed her suitcases along. Then, they got into the car, and he slammed on the gas pedal. His red Lamborghini tore through the street. At the last possible moment, both of them made it to the airport and successfully got on the plane.
Leaning back on her seat, she let out a sigh of relief.
"Phew! That was close. We almost didn't make it."
Lifting his chin, Collin said cockily, "I'm an excellent driver, chief. What makes you think I can't get us here in time for the flight? You worry too much."
"Excellent driver?" She threw him a doubtful glance. "Are you sure you're the best driver in the city and that no one else could outmatch you?"
He stared at her and chuckled out of guilt.
"W-Why, I can't possibly be a better driver than you are, chief."
She giggled and said nothing.
'It has been a long time since I've seen him, and he still has such a way with words.'
He realized that she didn't respond to him. Then, something occurred to him, and he said, "Say, chief. We'll be leaving Pyralis and flying off to Yale. On top of that, you've gone ahead and camouflaged yourself.
"What are you going to do if Mr. Ivor calls and checks on you? How are you going to explain yourself, then?"
"What else can I do? I'll have to cross that bridge when we come to it. All I hope is that we can wrap this up quickly so I can fly back to Pyralis sooner rather than later. Otherwise, he's going to start overthinking it when he realizes I'm not home."
For a moment there, he couldn't understand her at all.
"Being married has tied down your freedom, chief. Look at you, you have tons of concerns, and that restricts you. So, why bother getting married in the first place? Isn't it better to stay single and have the freedom to do whatever you want?"
She looked at him sideways and started reminiscing about every moment she had shared with Ivor. Her lips curled into a loving grin.
"It didn't exactly restrict me or anything. Being married merely means you have someone else to worry about. After all, Ivor doesn't really mean to control my life. He's just worried about my safety.
"With that said, you do have a point. Ever since I've been married, I need to think about a lot of things. I'm no longer as carefree as I used to be. However, I love all the moments I shared with Ivor.
"You might've thought of it as a nuisance, but I find it sweet. So, it's not a burden for me at all."
'Actually, I'm filled with happiness and pleasure every time I'm with Ivor. All the happy moments come together and effortlessly override the flaws. So, I'm not really bothered with the latter anymore.'
###Chapter 988
Chapter 988
Collin didn't grasp what she was saying. For a moment there, he had no idea what she was talking about.
With that said, he didn't say too much about it. All he said to Bonnie was, "What matters is that you're happy, chief. Nothing else is as important as that."
She nodded. "That's what I thought, too."
Both of them chatted for a while before they took a nap. Then, they arrived at Yale. She could feel the foreign air rushing into her lungs. "This country has some fine scenery. I really should bring Ivor here someday."
Collin heard what she said and couldn't help but shake his head. "I'm not sure if you realize it, but you talk about him all the time, chief. I think you're really smitten."
She rolled her eyes at him.
"You're just a poor, single man who doesn't have a girlfriend. You don't get to pass judgment on me. I'll talk to you about this again when you find someone."
Collin clutched his chest dramatically and said, "I've tried looking for a girlfriend for such a long time, but I just can't find one. You know how it's always been a big regret for me, chief, but you still make fun of me with it. H-How heartbreaking,"
"That's enough. There's just the two of us here. Will you please stop acting?" She pulled out her phone and checked if any of her organization's members were here, trying to rendezvous with them.
Collin saw it and couldn't help but say, "You can stop looking it up, chief. I've made arrangements before we came here. They're already waiting for you at the best five-star hotel in Yale.
"We're going to meet up with them now. Then, we're going to come up with a plan to retrieve the chip from Falcon."
She had the same thought. "Alright. Take me to the hotel now."
Later, they arrived at the hotel's entrance. Bonnie stood by the side of the road and waited for Collin to take her suitcases from the trunk.
Then, she saw something and was stunned.
He got out of the car and saw how shocked she was. Without wasting a second, he followed her gaze.
However, there was no one on the street across from them.
Tearing his gaze away, he looked at her and asked, confused, "What's the matter, chief? What are you looking at?"
She recalled what she had seen a second ago, and her brows furrowed.
"I thought I saw Ivor just now."
His lips twitched in response.
"Didn't you say that Ivor was on a work trip in the neighboring country? Why would he show up here, then? Are you missing him so much that you started seeing him everywhere?"
'I also think that it's virtually impossible for Ivor to show up here, but I just saw a figure that really looks like him.
'With that said, he has never lied to me. If he said he was going on a work trip to the neighboring country, then that's what happens. There's no way he'll be here at Yale.
'Perhaps I did see it wrongly.'
At the thought of it, she tore her gaze away and walked toward the hotel.
"I guess I'm seeing things. Let's go inside now and discuss with them about the plan to capture Falcon. We have to prioritize getting the chip back from him now."
He nodded. "Got it, chief."
###Chapter 989
Chapter 989
Once they arrived at the hotel room, they found that the various heads in the organization were already there.
The moment they saw Bonnie and Collin, they rose and greeted the duo respectfully.
"Greetings, chief. Mr. Collin."
"Mm-hmm," she responded dryly before gesturing for them to sit down. All of them took their seats.
She sat across the table and asked them about Falcon.
"Have any of you tracked Falcon's location? Did you find out who's his buyer?"
One of the heads stood up and reported the situation.
"We found out that he's going to make the trade at the largest underground market. They'll be in room 33. There's a high chance he made a deal with someone from the Dark Knight Organization."
Everyone's face couldn't help but turn sour at the mention of the Dark Knight Organization. Their organization, the Nidhogg Organization, was evenly matched with the aforementioned organization. In truth, they were supposed to be at peace with each other. However, they'd always fight with one another whenever they were together.
Sometimes, they'd take something from their rival. The other times, the opposite would happen. That was why both of these organizations' resentment ran deeper by the day. Now, they couldn't tolerate each other at all.
"The Dark Knight Organization?" She frowned.
'I've heard a lot about our rival organization and their countless run-ins with us, but I've never thought they would be a part of this. This complicates the whole thing,'
At the mention of the Dark Knight Organization, Collin's face grew more awful.
"They're downright despicable, chief! They used to butt heads with us all the time, too. I have reasons to believe that they got themselves involved because they're out to annoy us!"
'I used to deal with the people of the Dark Knight Organization, and they left a sour taste in my mouth. I thought I'd catch a break now that I'm all the way in Yale. I did not expect to be competing with them here.
Bonnie patted his shoulder. "Simmer down, the Dark Knight Organization has no idea we developed the chip. So, how are they supposed to know it's ours? I'm guessing that they have their own uses for the chip, instead of whatever you're thinking right now."
He started calming down gradually.
"I guess you're right. However, we can't let them have their way, chief. We have to get it back."
"We've spent a long time developing that chip. Are we supposed to just sit back and let the others reap the reward of our labor?" She said.
Then, she directed her gaze to the others and said, "Check out the underground market and get a feel of the place. Once we're ready, we'll move in."
The heads nodded in unison and said, "Loud and clear, chief."
At the same time, Ivor was sitting on a chair in another hotel, listening to Floyd report to him about
Falcon.
"We've liaised with Falcon, Mr. Ivor. He'll be waiting for us in private room 33 in the underground market. All that's left to do is verify the chip when we meet with him."
He frowned as he tapped on the table with his lean fingers.
"Did you investigate everything? Are there traps or anything like that?"
"Everything checks out with Falcon. Judging by the texts he sent us, it's obvious that he's very sincere about selling the chip. However, we did find out one more thing during our investigation." Floyd said as he monitored his master's expression.
Ivor couldn't help but ask swiftly, "What is it?"
Floyd hesitated for a moment before he responded at once, "We found out that the Nidhogg Organization's chief is also here at Yale. It seems that they're also after the chip."
###Chapter 990
Chapter 990
"The Nidhogg Organization? What are they doing here?" Ivor's brow knitted tightly/
'I wouldn't have been bothered if it's other organizations. However, the Nidhogg is a pretty formidable opponent. I have to tread carefully.'
Floyd shook his head, "That's all we know for the time being. The other organizations haven't made their way here yet. For that matter, we're not even sure if the Nidhogg Organization is here for the chip."
Ivor tapped the table with his finger, trying to come up with a solution.
"Send two of our men to monitor them. I want first-hand news as soon as they're on the move. Let's see what they're planning to do."
Floyd nodded and responded, "Got it, Mr. Ivor."
In the blink of an eye, it was 8 p.m. The underground market in Yale was bustling with people.
Everyone was dressed warmly as they browsed through the stalls, making choices about their purchases. Meanwhile, Ivor led his team and walked on the streets.
At this moment, he was wearing a silver mask engraved with a pattern over half of his face. His dashing face was hidden in the flickering light, giving rise to a mysterious air about him.
Floyd, who was walking beside him, also wore a black mask that covered the entirety of his face.
Tonight, Ivor and Floyd were there as the leader of the Dark Knight Organization and the second in command, respectively.
At first, the commoners were browsing through the stall leisurely. However, they were awed when they saw the emblem on Ivor and his gang's outfit. They took steps back and made way for them.
Ivor led his team and walked through the crowd, sweeping an imposing gaze across them.
Moments later, he tore his gaze from them and glanced at Floyd. "I asked you to send a couple of men to monitor the Nidhogg Organization. Did they report back to us already?"
"They've been quiet. I think the Nidhogg Organization hasn't done anything yet." Floyd analyzed.
"If they're here for the chip, it's impossible that they haven't done anything by now." Ivor said as his brows furrowed tighter. "I suspect that they're already on the move. It's just that our men didn't notice it."
Floyd frowned. He didn't think it was possible.
"Two of the men I sent out were the best in our organization when it comes to reconnaissance and camouflage. Judging by their abilities, they would have noticed if the organization is on the move."
Ivor pursed his lips sternly.
"The Nidhogg Organization is more powerful than we've given them credit for. Don't take them lightly." Floyd nodded. "Copy that, Mr. Ivor. I'll ask them to be on their toes."
"That won't be necessary. Let's wait it out. If the organization is already here, then it wouldn't have served any purpose to tell them anything."
Ivor's brow remained furrowed and showed no signs of relaxing. Obviously, they were formidable adversaries.
After all, he dealt with them in the past. He knew just what kind of nasty people they were. So, it paid to keep his guard up.
"Understood, Mr. Ivor." Floyd nodded slightly and followed his boss to the private room upstairs.
Then, they arrived at room 33. Ivor raised his hand and knocked on the door.
At the next moment, he heard a young man's voice from inside.
"Come in,"
###Chapter 991
Chapter 991
Ivor opened the door and went inside. Then, he saw a tall man sitting on the couch in the private room. He asked, "Are you Falcon?"
Falcon scanned Ivor from head to toe and was stunned when he saw the emblem on his clothes. "I didn't expect I'd be dealing with the big man himself. Welcome, leader of the Dark Knight Organization. This explains why you guys are willing to pay that amount of money for the chip."
Ivor sat across from him and went straight to the point. "Where's the chip? My men will need to verify it. If everything checks out, we'll give you the money."
Falcon chuckled in response. "I like that you get down to business straight away. That's why you're the leader! Alright. I'll let you guys check on it, but we've agreed on 1.6 billion dollars for the chip. I won't take anything less than that!"
Ivor nodded in response, emanating an authoritative air. "I'm a man of my word. I'll pay you the exact amount as long as the chip is the real deal."
Falcon loved striking a deal with someone this forthright and no-nonsense. So, he didn't waste any time and took the chip out from his briefcase.
"You guys probably brought your own equipment to verify it, right? Here's the chip. Go ahead and verify
it,"
Ivor saw how confident Falcon was and knew instantly that the chip was most likely authentic. He was merely going through motions when ordering Floyd to verify it.
Taking the chip from Falcon, he handed it to his assistant, who was standing behind him.
"Get the equipment out and verify it. We can pay him as soon as you determine that it's authentic."
"Right away, Mr. Ivor." Floyd took the equipment out of his bag and scanned the chip. He ran the test several times before taking the chip out and handing it to his master.
"The chip checks out, but there's a deeply complicated IP password that only Mr. Falcon could unlock. Otherwise, we won't be able to use it."
Ivor didn't count on the chip being encrypted. Then, he handed the chip back to Falcon.
"Unlock it. I'll give you the money once I've verified that I can use it,"
Rubbing the chip in his hand, Falcon's eyes were gleaming with cunning.
"You guys brought this many men along, while I'm only here alone. What am I going to do if you take the chip by force as soon as I unlock it? I'm going to lose out on a big fortune, then."
"Why, you..."
Floyd intended to question him, but Ivor shot him a look before he could finish his sentence.
Ivor then stared at Falcon. "Out with it. How do you want to do this?"
Falcon said, "Give me the money. I'll unlock it after that."
Ivor's lips curled into a smile, but it wasn't a genuine one.
"Good on you for coming out with this plan, Falcon. You might've been worried that we'll take your chip by force once you unlock it. However, I'm also concerned that I won't be able to use the chip after I pay you! What do you have to say about that?"
Falcon responded immediately, "Actually, there are two passwords in the chip. I can unlock the first password and show you guys that it works. I'll unlock the second password after I get the money."
'If that's the case, then I don't stand to lose anything.' Ivor pondered on it for a mere couple of seconds before he agreed to it.
"That works for me. Go ahead and unlock the first password and show us if it works as intended."
Falcon turned around wordlessly and fiddled with the chip.
Several minutes later, he gave it to Ivor again.
"I've unlocked the first password. Verify it again. I don't want to hear you guys saying that I pulled a fast one over you."
###Chapter 992
Chapter 992
"Okay." Ivor responded dryly. He gave Floyd a look, who caught his drift and took the chip away to verify it again.
This time, he ran it through the equipment a lot more times. He did it six times before he stopped.
"Alright. The chip is working as intended, but I can't gain access to its deeper functions."
"What did I tell you? Now, just give me the money, and I'll unlock the second password for you." Falcon lifted his chin and looked confident.
"No problem. I can give you the money. However, I have to warn you, Falcon. I'm going to make you wish you're dead if you try to trick us." Ivor was very calm when he spoke, but the coldness in his tone was enough to make Falcon's hair stand on the back of his neck.
Sensing the imposing aura from Ivor, Falcon grew more solemn.
"I released the news on the dark web and asked to meet with you guys here at Yale. I think that's enough to show you how serious I am about selling the chip. Furthermore, you lead a major international organization. Why would I get myself in trouble by tricking you?"
Ivor cast an unreadable glance on Falcon. Parting his lips, his tone was cold and unfeeling when he spoke. "That better be the case." With that, he gave Floyd, who was standing behind him, a look.
Floyd understood what his boss meant and pulled out a gold bank card from his shirt.
"This card is issued by the international bank. There's 1.6 billion dollars inside, and you're free to do what you want with it as you see fit. We've done everything necessary for you, so you don't have to worry about the cops. It's ready for you to use."
Falcon took the bank card from him immediately and admired its golden hue, his eyes brimming with greed.
"What about the PIN code? How am I supposed to withdraw the money inside if I don't have it?" Floyd explained, "We didn't set a PIN code for this card. You may go ahead and reset it by yourself or transfer the money to another bank card. It's up to you what you want to do with it."
"This is the first time I've seen a bank card as incredible as this." Falcon brought it to his lips and kissed it before tucking it into his shirt. Then, he flashed a big smile at Ivor.
"Excellent. I learned quite something from our trade."
Ivor glanced at the chip on the table and said dryly, "Cut the crap and unlock the second password."
The Dark Knight was an extremely reputable organization across the globe. Normally, no one else would intervene in their deals. However, the Nidhogg Organization was here too. So, things were a little different.
If he didn't want any unnecessary issues, they'll have to move fast.
"You got it." Falcon took the chip and plugged it into his laptop before he started clacking away at the keyboards.
Floyd's phone buzzed when they were waiting for him.
Pulling out the phone, he checked it and his face fell immediately. Then, he put it back in his pocket, composed himself, and approached his master.
Leaning in close to Ivor's ear, he whispered, "This is bad, Mr. Ivor. Our men just reported that they fell for the Nidhogg's diversion. Our rivals aren't in the hotel anymore. There's a possibility they're headed our way instead. We have to be on our toes."
"I knew things were going to end up like this." Ivor sighed subtly and nagged at Falcon, "Can you work faster? We're kind of running out of time."
Falcon shrugged, his tone was filled with helplessness when he spoke.
"I would love to, but you can't rush me. I'm decrypting the password, after all. If I make a single mistake, then it'll bring me back to square one. There's nothing I can do about it."
Ivor frowned and said with a subtle impatience.
"That's enough with your crap. Hurry up."
###Chapter 993
Chapter 993
"I get it. I'm working as fast as I can. Stop rushing me." Falcon said and started clacking away at his keyboard again.
As time went by, Floyd's frown deepened.
He watched as Falcon's fingers struck the keyboard swiftly and felt the urge to ask the latter to work faster. However, he was worried that he might disrupt Falcon. So, he decided against it.
Ivor raised his hand, checked the time, and realized that another five minutes had passed. He couldn't help but look at Falcon and ask, "Are you done? What's taking you so long?"
Falcon responded swiftly, "Just five more minutes, and I'll.."
Before he could finish, someone kicked down the door to the private room.
Bonnie stepped inside and saw Ivor as well as Falcon. Her face grew grim and she parted her lips. She was about to say something, but her former henchman was shocked greatly when he saw her.
He grabbed his laptop and leaped out of the window.
She saw it and intended to give chase to him. That was when Ivor and Floyd stood up and blocked the window in unison.
Ivor watched as Falcon escaped with his laptop, and his face grew terribly displeased. In fact, it was hellish. "After him!"
'Falcon tricked us. On second thought, the Nidhoggs organization might be in cahoots with him in the first place. They must've been after my money. Otherwise, why would he bolt as soon as they show up?'
The more he thought about it, the more he was sure that he had fallen for one of their most wicked tricks. A ball of anger burned with a vengeance in his chest.
"Roger." Floyd responded and was about to bring his men to give chase to Falcon. Little did he know that Bonnie and her henchmen stood in his way before he could do anything.
"What are you guys doing? Are you working with Falcon just so you could get my money?"
Her lips twitched in response. Then, a sarcastic smile crept up her face.
"I don't know what kind of nonsense you're talking about here. I want to know if Falcon agrees to sell you the chip. Am I right that he wants 1.6 billion dollars for it? Give me the chip and I'll pay you back the same amount of money."
"Heh..." He sneered. "You know how much our agreed price is. That's enough to tell me that you're working with him! Fork up 1.6 billion dollars. Otherwise, I'm going to make you regret it."
Her rebellious nature was triggered the moment she heard the way he insulted her.
She cracked her knuckles and said, "Alright, then. Fight me if you dare. Show me what you're made of. We'll see if you have what it takes to live up to your words."
Taking a step back, he clenched his fists and struck a menacing pose.
"Are you sure?"
She sneered and struck at him immediately, not wasting time on words.
He dodged out of the way and his lips curled into a cold grin.
"You asked for it! I'm not going to hold anything back!"
###Chapter 994
Chapter 994
Ivor and Bonnie's men saw their leaders were locked in combat and moved in to fight each other as well.
"Pow! Thud! Wham!"
The private room was thrown into a state of chaos.
Bonnie could feel that the man she was fighting with was quite formidable. Naturally, she was no slouch, either. The longer the fight went on, the more reckless she became. She was determined to emerge victorious.
Ivor didn't treat her lightly, either. He wore an extremely serious expression throughout the fight.
Both of them traded blows and fought for more than ten minutes, but they were no closer to being the victor.
That was when someone shouted. "Falcon's headed for the northern door!"
She was stunned when she heard the sound and turned to look at where it came from. Seizing the opportunity, he swung a fist directly at her chest.
She saw his attack out of the corner of her eyes and reacted swiftly. Taking a couple of steps back, she tried to avoid his fist.
Just as she stepped back, however, he followed up with another attack.
In the end, his hand unavoidably brushed against her b***. It felt soft and tender, which stunned him. Raising his head, he scanned Bonnie from head to toe.
'He's clearly a guy. So, why did his chest feel soft and plump?
'Could it be...'
She noticed the way he looked at her, and an ember of fury flared up in her eyes before growing into an intense firestorm.
"Damn you, punk!" She roared and began laying into him ferociously.
He wasn't ready for this renewed flurry of attacks and ended up giving grounds to her.
At the same time, he recalled the way her anger rose and the intensity of it. That was when he made a wild guess.
Before he could give it more thought, however, she charged at him to kick him squarely in the chest. Then, she withdrew her feet and raised her chin cockily.
"That makes us even!"
His lips curled into a blood-chilling grin.
"Heh. What are you talking about? How do you figure we're even when you're still holding my 1.6 billion dollars?"
She rolled her eyes at him.
"How hilarious. You should go after Falcon for your money! Moreover, aren't you holding the chip already? I can't believe you're still asking for more from me. Just how greedy are you?"
He took a step closer, the coldness in his black eyes growing more intense.
"What makes you think I have the chip? Didn't you guys work with Falcon? Isn't the whole thing a ruse to swindle me?"
She couldn't help but mock him, "Do you think you're the only rich guy around here? Why would I do..." Then, she stopped speaking abruptly.
###Chapter 995
Chapter 995
"Wait a minute! Don't you have the chip? Are you telling me that Falcon ran away with both the chip and your money?"
Ivor's lips twitched in response, and a hint of sarcasm flashed in his eyes.
"What else could I have meant? I was about to send my men to chase him down when you and your punks got in our way. Given the situation, are you still going to claim that you aren't in cahoots with Falcon?"
"U-Um..." This was the last thing she had expected to happen. That was why, for the life of her, she couldn't think of anything to defend herself.
She had to give herself a second to compose herself before she could tell him the truth.
"Here's the thing. My organization developed the chip, and Falcon used to be one of my guys. However, he stole it from my headquarters a while ago.
"I came all the way here because I'm trying to retrieve my chip. I had no idea we'd have this huge misunderstanding. Please forgive me."
He frowned and stared at her with inquisitive eyes.
"What makes you think I'd believe you? What proof do you have that you aren't conspiring with Falcon?"
For a moment there, she was stumped. After a brief moment of silence, she collected her thoughts and said, "Here. I have some information from when my organization developed the chip. If you doubt my words, then you're free to look at them.
"More to the point, both our organizations are major internationaly. I wouldn't have a fallout with you over 1.6 billion dollars.
"I stand to gain nothing by making an enemy out of someone as formidable as you. Wouldn't you agree?"
He thought it over and found her argument to be sound. With that said, he didn't trust her completely. At most, he believed half of what she said.
"What solution do you propose for this debacle?"
She lifted her chin and gestured at the couch not far from them.
"Let's have a seat and talk this out."
"Sure." He responded dryly and took a seat.
Bonnie sat across from him and adopted a solemn expression.
"We lost the chip and you lost your money. Needless to say, we have to retrieve both of these."
He nodded slightly, agreeing with her.
"That goes without saying. I'm quite comfortable when it comes to money, but I'm also not that rich. I can't just give away 1.6 billion dollars for nothing,"
'Truth be told, this isn't about the money. More importantly, I can't accept the fact that someone played me for a fool. Not only am I going to get my money back, but I'm going to seize Falcon and teach him a lesson he'll never forget!'
"Alright. I can see where you come from. After all, I'm also quite infuriated over the fact that he stole my chip." Rubbing her chin gently, she tried to figure out a solution for this mess.
"What makes you think I have the chip? Didn't you guys work with Falcon? Isn't the whole thing a ruse to swindle me?"
She couldn't help but mock him, "Do you think you're the only rich guy around here? Why would I do..." Then, she stopped speaking abruptly.
###Chapter 996
Chapter 996
Bonnie raised her delicate eyebrows gently.
"What term will it be?"
Ivor stared at her profoundly. He remained quiet for a moment before saying, "I want to study the chip for a while after you guys retrieve it."
Her frown deepened in response. Before she could say anything, she heard Collin speak.
"Why should we let you study it? Falcon single-handedly caused you the loss of your money. We had no part in it. The agreement is meant to keep both the Nidhoggs and the Dark Nights safe from any foul play. It isn't an opportunity for you to bargain with us."
In fact, he spoke her mind.
She raised her eyebrows and glanced at Ivor, waiting for him to respond.
'I have to admit that I'm taking advantage of the situation. However, we needed one of the chip's functionalities to develop another project.
'This is such a wonderful opportunity, too. I'm not going to let it pass me by. Furthermore, I'm just borrowing the chip for a little. It's not going to cause much damage to them, either.'
"Judging by your response, I think you're not agreeing to my term. If that's the case, we'll be competing with each other to see who manages to retrieve both the chip and the money. Simply said, finders keepers."
Collin had a gut feeling that Ivor was forcing them to agree to his terms. So, his face grew grim. He was about to say something, but he saw Bonnie shaking her head at him.
Realizing that she didn't want him to say anything further, he stepped down and stopped himself.
Then, she looked at Ivor again with inquisitive eyes.
"I don't think you'll benefit from wearing out your entire organization from the competition. Are you sure you want to do this?"
He leaned back on the couch calmly and spoke in a nonchalant tone. "The ball is in your court. I'm not the one who's doing this. You forced my hand."
She was so mad that she almost laughed.
'He has got to be the only one who could've demonstrated shamelessness in such a refreshing way. With that said, I have to think about if I really want to agree to his terms.'
"I guess I can see my way to lend my chip for you to study it. However, you can only have it for a couple of weeks. You'll have to return it to me the moment the clock runs out. This is the last concession I'll make. If you don't find it agreeable, then I guess we're competing!"
'We painstakingly developed the chip. I wouldn't have agreed to lend it out unless there was no other choice!'
Collin heard her response and couldn't resist going over to her side and whispering, "He's obviously a scumbag, chief. Why are you agreeing to his term? Aren't we going to suffer terribly if he turns back on the agreement?"
"You're forgetting something. The Dark Knight is evenly matched with us. If they go all out on us, then we'll lose more than just a chip. Furthermore, once we signed an agreement, then this matter will concern
the major international organizations. He's not going to go back on his word!
"More to the point, I'm not someone he could afford to take lightly. If he dares break his promise, I'll hunt him to the ends of the earth and crack his skull open!"
He was amused by her response.
"Hahaha! You're right. I know just how tough you are, chief. I don't doubt it when you said you're going to crack his skull open."
Her lips curled into a grin too when she saw him laughing.
Ivor felt a little peculiar when he saw how the both of them were chatting and laughing. He cleared his throat, trying to make her notice him.
"Ahem!"
She heard him and stopped grinning. Then, she looked at him. "Do you agree with what I said earlier? I'll ask my men to draft the agreement if you have nothing to add."
The peculiar feeling he had had a second ago disappeared when he noticed her looking at him again.
"Two weeks, it is. I'm fine with that."
Collin couldn't help but grumble, "Figures. We've agreed to lend the chip to you so you can study it. Why wouldn't you agree to the two-week term? You would've been taking a huge advantage of you if you did!" Floyd heard what he said and couldn't help but retort, "Who are you accusing of taking a huge advantage? Mind your tongue!"
Not willing to back down, Collin met his gaze and asked, "What's the matter? Did I say anything wrong?" "Why, you..."
###Chapter 997
Chapter 997
Floyd was about to say something when he heard Ivor calling out to him in a deep voice.
"Floyd!"
He didn't dare to say anything else and clammed up.
Tearing his gaze from his assistant, he turned and looked at Bonnie again. "Go ahead and have your men draft the agreement. I'll sign it as soon as they're ready."
"Hold on." She said.
Frowning, he remained quiet and stared at her.
She leaned back on the couch, emanating authority with her pose. "You might've named your terms, but we have yet to tell you ours."
"Oh?" His voice was calm and unperturbed.
"Our organizations are evenly matched. It's only natural that I'd put forth a term of my own after you said yours."
"I'm listening."
"Once we captured Falcon, I want to deal with him as I see fit." Her eyes were as cold as they were menacing.
'I've hated traitors with a burning passion my whole life. I groomed and built Falcon up to what he is today. If anyone's going to make him pay, it's going to be me.'
"Alright. It's a deal." He could feel the imposing aura she emanated and couldn't help but feel impressed.
'He truly lives up to the name of the leader of the Nidhogg Organization.'
"Go ahead and sign in."
"Okay." She responded faintly and gestured at Collin, who caught her drift and left to draft the agreement. Several minutes later, he came back with two copies of the agreement.
She took them and handed one of them to Ivor.
"Go through it. You can sign it and leave your thumbprint if everything checks out for you."
"Sure." Lowering his head, he read every single clause meticulously. Once he was sure everything was
fine, he raised his head and glanced at her. "I'm fine with the agreement. Let's sign it."
Bonnie took the lead, signed, and left her thumbprint on the agreements. Then, he did the same thing and handed his copy to her. She took it and repeated the whole process again.
He looked at the agreement she was giving him, saw the signature, and couldn't help but be stunned.
'Why does his signature remind me so much of Bonnie's?"
Once she was done, she noticed Ivor still wasn't signing the papers. She couldn't resist asking, “Do you have a problem with it?"
He snapped out of his trance and shook his head. "Everything's alright. I'm signing it now."
Both of the agreements were signed. She took one of the copies and stood up. "I guess that's it for now. We'll be taking our leave if there's nothing else."
He also rose from his seat. "Give me your number. It'll make it easier for us to contact each other if something comes up in the future."
'I don't want to give away my number thoughtlessly, but he did have a point. I have to do it.'
"Fine. Here's my number."
After both of them swapped numbers, she led the Nidhoggs out of the underground market.
He stood where he was and stared at her as she left, his eyes lingered for the longest time possible.
Floyd saw it and couldn't resist asking, curious, "What are you looking at, Mr. Ivor? Is there something wrong with the leader of the Nidhogg Organization?"
"Not really. It's just..." He paused a little before turning around to look at his assistant. "Think about the way he deals with things as well as the way he carries himself. Does he remind you of Bonnie?"
###Chapter 998
Chapter 998
Floyd's lips twitched in response.
"Every time you run into someone, you say they remind you of Ms. Bonnie. Honestly, I've lost count of the times you make such claims. You're missing her so much that you're driven insane, Mr. Ivor!"
'Speaking of, he has been away from Bonnie for a total of one day. I can't believe he's missing her already. I guess it's true. Time does fly slow when you're away from your loved ones!!
Ivor looked at him. Raising his eyebrow, he asked, "Am I wrong? Every time I thought someone was Bonnie, it turned out to be right! The truth is that I've always been right."
Floyd's lips twitched more furiously at that.
"That might've been true, Mr. Ivor, but you have to open your eyes and look at the leader of the Nidhogg Organization. He's a man! Even if he does remind you of Ms. Bonnie in some areas, it has got to be some coincidence. Furthermore, she's going about her day in Pyralis. Why would she be here instead?"
'If the leader of the Nidhoggs is a lady, then I can understand why Ivor made that guess. However, the leader is clearly a man! It's just outrageous that Ivor could mistake him for Ms. Bonnie.'
What Floyd said reminded Ivor of the weird, fleeting sensation when he traded blows with the leader of the Nidhoggs.
'Back then, I have a feeling that the man might've been a lady instead. However, it's just a wild guess. I don't have any proof to support it.'
Noticing that Ivor didn't say anything, he thought he said something to upset his boss. He tried to make up for it by giving a suggestion.
"Why don't you give Ms. Bonnie a call and see what she's doing now, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor recovered from his daze at that. Joy appeared in his eyes at the mention of Bonnie.
"Good idea. I want to know what she's doing now, anyway. If memory serves me right, there aren't many things going on in her research institute now. So, she's probably watching some shows or having snacks now."
Floyd saw the smile on his boss's face and felt goosebumps.
'Jeez. Just look at him. The moment we talk about Bonnie, love practically drips out of him. I can't bear it. I just can't!'
Noticing Floyd's gaze, Ivor gave him a sidelong glance and ignored him. Tearing his gaze away, he pulled out his phone and called Bonnie.
Meanwhile, Bonnie was on her way back to the hotel.
She was stunned when she saw the video call pop up on her screen. Taking a closer look, she realized it was none other than Ivor.
'W-What am I going to do? I can't possibly answer the phone with my camouflage. However, he's going to grow more suspicious of me if I don't answer him.'
She was wrestling with herself so intensely that her brows knitted tightly. Gripping her phone tightly, her expression was filled with hesitation.
Collin saw it and asked curiously, "Who exactly is calling you, chief? Just answer it already."
She rolled her eyes at him.
"If only it's as simple as you say it is." Then, she showed him her phone. "See for yourself."
He took a close look and realized it was Ivor making the video call. Glancing at her camouflage, he understood why she was struggling to make a decision.
After a brief moment of silence, he said, "Well, what are you going to do, chief? See, this is the downside of having a husband. He could call and check on you at any given moment. You have to be on your toes all the time."
###Chapter 999
Chapter 999
"You're just a poor, single man. You don't know the half of it! Shut up."
He shrugged and made another snide remark before he clammed up.
"Tsk tsk tsk. I can't even say the obvious truth now."
She glared at him once more.
He felt a chill down his spine at once and made a gesture to zip his mouth. "Alright, I'll shut up now. For real, this time."
She tore her gaze away from him, took a deep breath, and answered the call.
"Aren't you supposed to be busy at this time of day? How do you find the time to call me?"
Initially, Ivor wanted to see her pretty face, but he saw nothing but pitch black on the screen and frowned.
"Why didn't you turn on your camera, Bonnie? I want to see you."
"Huh?" She paused for a little while and came up with an irrefutable excuse.
"I-I'm taking a shower now. I can't turn on my camera."
He had a hunch that something was unusual with her voice and asked, "Do you usually take showers at this time of day? What's more, you took a long time to answer my call.
"You're really making me wonder if it's because you don't miss me."
She sighed internally. 'He's just so perceptive. He basically guessed half of my thoughts. Never mind. I'm tough and smart enough to trick him.'
She responded calmly, "I took a lap around campus earlier. So, I felt sticky when I came back home. It's very uncomfortable. That's why I'm taking a shower now.
"If anyone's acting weird, it's you. You called me out of nowhere and asked me a bunch of nonsensical questions. You're really making me wonder if you did something wrong by me on your work trip and felt guilty about it. Hence, the accusation."
Ivor quickly responded, "You know how much I love you, Bonnie. Why would I do anything unfaithful to you?"
She scoffed gently. "Nobody can guarantee that."
"I swear to the heavens, Bonnie, I didn't do anything wrong by you. If I really did something as horrendous as that, may the heavens strike me this instant and grant me a fate worse than "
Before he could finish, she cut him off.
"Alright. That's enough. What matters is that you keep your promise. There's no need to swear such a solemn oath."
His lips couldn't help but curl into a grin, and he chuckled.
"Are you worried about me, Bonnie?"
His charming voice reverberated in her ears, giving rise to a tingling feeling. Her face couldn't help but turn red.
"When have I said I'm worried? You must've heard it wrong!"
Her response was enough to paint a picture in his mind. He could just see how Bonnie was lying through her teeth on the other side of the phone.
He chuckled again and said, "Just admit that you're worried about me. It's not a shameful thing to be concerned about your husband. Come on. Say it out loud. I promise I won't make fun of you."
"Really? Then, why are you chuckling now? Are you going to say that I heard wrongly?"
Still grinning, he said, "You're misunderstanding me, Bonnie. I'm chuckling because I'm so happy I can talk to you. I'm not making fun of you because you're worried about me." She asked, "Are you kidding me right now? Do you think that'll work?"
###Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000
Bonnie glanced at the hotel, which wasn't far from her, and said to Ivor, "If you really want to have a video call with me, then you'll have to wait for another 30 minutes. Let me finish up my shower and wipe my hair dry. Then, I'll give you a call."
'After all, the backdrop in my villa is very similar to the one in the hotel. I'll stand in front of a white wall and have a video call with him there. He won't be able to tell the difference."
Ivor was so happy chatting with her that he had all but forgotten he was at Yale. He was about to agree to
it.
Fortunately, Floyd stopped him and said, "Don't agree to it, Mr. Ivor. We're at Yale now. What if she finds out about it?"
'He's right. I'm at Yale, but I told Bonnie I'm on a work trip to one of the neighboring countries. The views at Yale are a far cry from wherever she thinks I am now.
'If I actually answer her video call, being the intelligent lady she is, she'll figure it out in no time.
'Now that I think about it, I should be grateful that she didn't answer my video call. Otherwise, I wouldn't know how to talk my way out of it.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie asked, "Ivor? Are you still here? Is the internet lagging?"
He snapped out of his thoughts, composed himself, and pretended to sound hesitant when he spoke. "Aw, geez. I have an important meeting in 30 minutes. I'm afraid I won't be able to answer your video call."
"It's fine, then. Go ahead and do what you have to do. You can give me a video call when you find the time," dhe said.
She recalled how she was still at Yale and decided to divert the topic.
"You know... I've got a new research project at my institute and I have to finish it in a fairly short amount of time. So, I might not be able to take your calls immediately."
"That's okay. We should both focus on our work and finish it as soon as we can. That way, we'll be able to reunite soon," he said while he listened to her longingly.
'I wouldn't have left her side and come to the other side of the world if it wasn't because of the chip.
'What's worse, the whole thing turned into a mess. Now, Falcon has both my money and the chip.
'It's not going to be easy to catch him. I have no idea how long it's going to be until I'm reunited with her back home.'
"Alright. I'll try my best to finish my research. Here's wishing everything goes well for you, too." She might've encouraged him on the surface, but, deep down, she let out a sigh of relief.
'I don't have a clue about Falcon's whereabouts. I have to teach him a lesson he'll never forget. Nothing else will appease the hatred in my heart!
'With that said, Falcon is bound to be more vigilant after tonight. It's going to be difficult for us to seize him now. I hadn't the foggiest idea when I could fly back to Pyralis.'
What Ivor and Bonnie didn't know was that they were very close to each other. On top of it, they were plagued by the same issue.
One had to wonder how they would react if they discovered the truth.
Ivor heard what she said, and grinned. "Now that I have your encouragement, honey, I'll make sure I do a
good job."
He popped the word 'honey' out of nowhere and made her blush immediately.
"Watch your tongue!"
He sounded innocent when he spoke next. "How am I not watching my tongue, honey? Did I say something wrong?"
###Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001
Bonnie could never win against Ivor regarding such topics. She could only palm her forehead and say, You're the most smart-mouthed man I've ever known."
Ivor's smile widened. He would have embraced and fooled around with her if they were together now. Then, he grew disheartened when he remembered not knowing when he could see her again.
His smile faded as he said, "I miss you so much, Bonnie. I wish you were with me."
Bonnie could feel her heart flutter when she heard the longing in his voice.
'I'd fly to where he is if I was in Pyralis, but I must deal with Falcon.'
With that in mind, her expression grew grim before she sighed helplessly. Even so, she did not forget to comfort Ivor, "It'll be okay. We'll see each other again once you finish working."
"Yeah, I'll do my best to wrap it up and return home to keep you company," Ivor said. Soon after, his car arrived. "I have to attend the meeting now. I'll talk to you soon."
Bonnie replied, "Okay, focus on your work. Don't worry about me."
After he hung up the phone, she leaned into her chair and sighed in relief. Fortunately, she had managed to trick her husband. A moment later, she caught Collin looking at her inexplicably.
Bonnie felt her cheeks and said, "What's wrong? Is there something on my face?"
Collin rubbed his arm and said in exasperation, "Have you and Mr. Ivor always been this lovey-dovey, Chief?"
He would not have believed it if he had not heard it himself. He had never heard Bonnie speaking to anyone so affectionately. After all, she had always been decisive, unforgiving, and uncompromising when dealing with the organization's members.
Although Bonnie tried to tone down her affectionate tone, Collin could still feel how special Ivor was to her. Her expression and tone differed significantly from her usual demeanor when talking to her husband.
"What kind of question is that?" Bonnie frowned. "Ivor's my husband. Who else will I act all lovey-dovey with? Am I supposed to do that with you?"
When Collin heard that, he recalled how gently she spoke to her husband.
'I can imagine the chief being that way with me, but I also can't help but be suspicious of her affection. I would feel like she can kill me anytime she wants.'
The more he thought about it, the more afraid he became. He shook his head and stammered, "I-It was a joke, Chief! Save the lovey-dovey stuff for Mr. Ivor. You'll only show him genuine affection, after all. If you did that to me, I'd constantly wonder when you'd slap me."
Bonnie chuckled and said, "At least you know where you stand."
Collin sighed helplessly. "Yeah, I guess you're right. No one else will receive the same affection Mr. Ivor gets from you."
She rolled her eyes. Then, she had an idea and said coldly, "All right, stop pretending to feel sorry for yourself! I know what kind of person you are. I'll give you a crucial task now. Assemble a team to track Falcon down immediately after we return to the hotel.
"Under no circumstances will you let the Dark Knights get to him first. I want you to catch Falcon and bring him to me, and I'll deal with him myself!"
###Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002
Collin felt Bonnie's intense demeanor. Although he had worked for her for a long time, he felt a chill down his spine as he thought, 'Gosh, the chief looks pissed! I can imagine how things will end for Falcon when we catch him.'
Collin asked, "How will you deal with Falcon, Chief?"
Bonnie grinned, saying, "How do you think I'll deal with him? I'll punish him by sending him to our basement and beating the shit out of him before leaving him to rot in Selva Muerta. That'll teach him to betray me."
She might have sounded calm, but the coldness in her tone could terrify anyone.
The mention of the organization's basement and Selva Muerta gave Collin goosebumps. The organization owned these harsh and unforgiving places, and anyone sent there would wish they were dead.
Once they captured Falcon and sent him to one of these hellholes, he would instantly regret betraying Bonnie.
'I can't say Falcon doesn't deserve it. After all, the chief has treated us with nothing but kindness and honesty. He just had to betray her. Frankly, I won't feel an ounce of pity for him if he dies.'
With that in mind, Collin made an oath to himself.
'I'll catch Falcon as quickly as possible and alleviate the chief's frustration.'
"I understand, Chief. I'll lead the team and track Falcon down. We'll catch him in no time."
Bonnie did not want to send Collin on such a task. After all, it was boring being alone in a foreign country. Having someone as talkative as him made her days less mundane.
Then, she thought of something and asked, "Haven't you seen Falcon's partner on several missions? You should know where he would hide better than anyone. I guess that makes you the perfect guy to lead the team. Bring him to me as soon as possible."
Collin nodded enthusiastically. "Of course, Chief. I won't let you down."
Bonnie waved, saying, "Hurry up and get to it. We have no time to lose."
"Copy that," he said before leaving.
Meanwhile, Ivor listened to Floyd's report in the hotel. The former squinted and said, "You said the Nidhoggs sent more people than we agreed on beforehand? His most trusted assistant is on the move, too?"
Floyd nodded. "That's right, Mr. Ivor. That's the information we've gathered as of now."
Ivor tapped the table, frowning while trying to determine the reasons behind the Nidhoggs' decision." Floyd, why did they mobilize so many people? Are they trying to take the 1.6 billion dollars for themselves?"
After some thought, Floyd responded, "I don't think that's the case. After all, the Nidhoggs suggested the agreement. They wouldn't break the rules they set themselves."
"You have a point," Ivor said. Then, his eyes glinted in surprise as he thought of something.
###Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003
Ivor said, "I think I know why the Nidhoggs are doing this."
On the other hand, Floyd remained clueless. He hastily asked his boss, "Why, Mr. Ivor?"
"They're such a considerable organization that Falcon's actions are a huge embarrassment. They sent that many people because they want to get to Falcon before we do. They'd feel ashamed if we got to him first."
Floyd finally understood what was happening after listening to his boss's reasoning. "So, that's how it is."
Ivor continued to tap the table as he went silent for a while. Finally, he said, "Dispatch another team of our most elite guys to track down Falcon. They must report to the Nidhoggs when they pinpoint his whereabouts. We won't capture Falcon unless we have to."
Floyd was stunned, not entirely understanding his boss's actions. "Mr. Ivor, I know the Nidhoggs are doing this to deal with their traitor, but there's no reason we should do something to benefit them.
"Also, we'll get our money and the chip if we get to Falcon first. Why should we work with the Nidhoggs?" "How are you this dense?" Ivor looked at his assistant, exasperated. "You're forgetting there are two passwords in the chip. Although the Nidhoggs have agreed to lend it to us, what will we do if we piss off their leader and he chooses not to give us the second password?
"Then, he'll say he has given us the chip, and it's our fault for not being capable enough to unlock it. What'll we do then?"
After a brief pause, Ivor continued, "I have a hunch the leader of the Nidhoggs is reasonable and easy to converse with. Doing something that'll benefit them will make it easier for us to negotiate with them."
He spoke with the organization's best interest in mind. He did not think it was wise to go against the Nidhoggs' leader when there were insufficient benefits. Moreover, it did not make a difference who caught Falcon first. Hence, there was no need to build resentment over something so trivial.
Floyd facepalmed when he finally understood the situation. "Jeez, Mr. Ivor. Your analysis was impeccable. I wonder why I didn't think of that."
Ivor said indifferently, "You're a fool, that's why."
Floyd could only scratch his head and chuckle dryly. He would not have taken it lightly if someone else had called him a fool. Instead, he would have retorted. However, Floyd was more than ready to accept it since Ivor was the one who called him that.
After all, Ivor's intelligence far surpassed those of average people.
Collin spent all day and night tracking Falcon down. Finally, he brought some good news to Bonnie, "We got him, Chief! He's holed up in the basement of an abandoned villa in the countryside. He probably thinks he's safe there and that we won't find him.
"That's why he made it his hideout for several days. We can catch him if we move out immediately."
Bonnie shot up from the couch, emanating an imposing demeanor. "Did you confirm it? Don't let his misdirection deceive you!"
Collin confidently responded, "I'm sure of it, Chief. We found Falcon several days ago but continued monitoring him first because we feared it was a trap. We can finally confirm that he's there." Bonnie nodded. "Let's catch that son of a b***!"
###Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004
"The car is ready, Chief. We can go to Falcon's hideout now." Collin took the lead and showed Bonnie the
way.
When they reached the hotel entrance, they saw Ivor coming out of a car. Bonnie stopped and waited for him to approach, thinking he was looking for her.
Collin noticed her stopping and watched as Ivor approached. Collin asked, "Why is the leader of the Dark Knights here at this time of night?"
After some thought, Bonnie figured out why Ivor was there. "I'm guessing he also discovered Falcon's location and came here to tell me about it."
Collin's eyes widened. "We just got the same information. How did he find out soon after we did? Are the Dark Knights that capable?"
Collin had dealt with the Dark Knights before. Although they were no slouch, they were not remarkable, either. He thought everyone else in that organization only had that level of capabilities. He finally realized that he had underestimated them.
Bonnie glanced at Collin sideways, saying, "The Dark Knights are equal to us among the various
international organizations. Don't take them lightly. Do you think they could've held on to that position if they weren't capable enough?"
Collin nodded, agreeing wholeheartedly. "You're right, Chief. I was too cocky and dismissed the Dark Knights as a mere inadequate group. It seems I must correct my flaw."
Bonnie was satisfied with his response. She said, "Exactly. Underestimating an enemy is never good. Correct your flaw, or a powerful adversary will take you by surprise."
He nodded solemnly. "Understood, Chief."
Ivor stood before Bonnie, wearing the same silver radioactive-patterned mask from last night. However, he wore casual attire instead of a black suit tonight, adding leisure to his demeanor. Bonnie thought he commanded a captivating air about him.
That said, she knew she was a married woman, so she glanced at him before composing herself. She asked smilingly, "Are you here for me?"
Ivor nodded. "I came to tell you we've discovered Falcon's whereabouts. He's in the basement of an abandoned villa in the countryside. Do you want to tag along with me?"
Collin gave Bonnie a big thumbs up inwardly.
'The chief is awesome! She perfectly predicted why the Dark Knight came here.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie grinned and said, "We just tracked him down, too. I was on my way to ask you to come with me, yet you already arrived before I could leave. Let's hit the road."
'I wanted to confront Falcon and take care of this mess alone. Then, I would've given the Dark Knights their money. Since their leader has come here, I guess a few niceties wouldn't hurt.'
Ivor had already considered joining Bonnie, so instead of turning her down, he said, "All right, let's move."
Bonnie pointed at the car Collin had arranged, saying, "Should we split up?"
###Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005
"Sure, I'm okay with that." Ivor did not suspect a thing. After all, they were heading in the same direction, and it did not matter how they got there.
Bonnie walked over to the car, got in, and told Ivor through the window, "I'll see you at the abandoned villa."
He nodded to show he acknowledged her before getting into his car. Soon after, the two cars sped through the freeway. Although they were on their way to catch Falcon, they could not afford to make their intentions known.
Otherwise, they might alert him and give him a chance to escape. That was why the duo drove black sedans, which were common in this country. They did not even bring many others with them.
Even so, more than enough people were present to complete the mission. Moreover, Ivor and Bonnie were around, so catching Falcon was elementary.
When they reached the abandoned villa, Bonnie told Collin to park somewhere secluded. Then, she sent a small team to scout ahead. Meanwhile, Ivor and his men were nearby. They parked near Bonnie's vehicle, and Ivor approached her car.
He pulled out a binocular and looked ahead, asking, "Did you send your men to scout the area?"
"Mhm," she responded dryly, "Falcon is too cunning, so we must sweep the area for traps. Otherwise, we might fall for them."
Bonnie had trained Falcon in countersurveillance and trap-setting. The knowledge she passed onto him was close to flawless. He was naturally gifted, too, and she could see that from how he further refined everything she had taught him.
'It'll be a daunting task to catch Falcon. After all, he's undeniably capable. Otherwise, he couldn't have joined my organization. I planned to train him further since I recently had free time.
'Too bad he didn't cherish the opportunity. He has no one else to blame but himself for what's about to happen!'
Ivor said, "It looks like it'll be pretty tricky to catch this Falcon guy."
Although the Dark Knights were capable, it still took them a while to track Falcon down. Ivor knew he could not take Falcon lightly.
Bonnie grinned sarcastically. "I would've come alone if Falcon wasn't so formidable. Still, I'm mainly here because of the chip. I can't bear the thought of it getting stolen after I spent so much time and effort developing it. To add salt to the wound, the thief is my apprentice."
The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. If Falcon stood before her now, she would have beaten him senseless.
Ivor pried, asking, "Are you trying to say you're not based here? Where are you most of the time?"
She sensed his intentions and glanced sidelong at him. "Have you heard the phrase, 'Curiosity killed the cat?' Never ask about something you're not meant to know about."
Ivor could not help but feel impressed when he realized she had seen through him.
'He's the leader of the Nidhoggs, all right. He's sharp.'
Since Ivor had failed to pry, he decided to drop the topic. After all, he did not want to offend Bonnie by stepping over the line.
"I just wanted to know if we stay in the same place. You've been a pleasure to talk to. Perhaps we can hang out sometime."
Ime:
Bonnie raised her brow. "Oh? Then, why don't you tell me where you're based? Let's see if we're meant to be close enough to hang out."
###Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006
Ivor was startled. He tried to pry for Bonnie's information, but she twisted his words and neutralized his efforts. Worse, she turned the tables and pried him instead.
Bonnie grinned when she noticed his silence. Suddenly, she began to find the leader of the Dark Knights intriguing. "Why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you can't reveal where you're based? It looks like you're not sincere about hanging out with me."
Ivor squinted, thinking, 'The leader of the Nidhoggs is something special. He's not easy to deal with.'
He sighed and said, "It isn't the right time to tell you. I'll wait until next time."
Bonnie smiled and shook her head. Instead of exposing him, she looked ahead and kept watch. Ten minutes later, Collin and his men finished scouting the area and returned to Bonnie.
"Everything checks out, Chief. Let's head straight to the basement and catch that son of a b***."
Bonnie had always been meticulous and vigilant. That was why she remained motionless when Collin told her everything was clear. She was in no hurry to lead her men into the villa. "Have you scouted the basement? Are there any surprises we should prepare for?"
Collin shook his head. "There's only one path leading to the basement. We didn't go in because I was worried Falcon might see us."
After some thought, Bonnie asked, "Are there any exits in the basement?"
Collin shook his head again. "We only found one path leading to it, but we can't confirm how many exits there are."
She frowned, saying, "The basement is enclosed, and you guys don't know much about it. What'll we do if we lead everyone straight to a trap?"
He helplessly replied, "That's why we couldn't investigate too closely even if we wanted to, Chief. Falcon is highly adept in countersurveillance. If we make too much noise investigating him, he'll know we're here."
Bonnie had considered this when she left the hotel. However, she did not expect Collin to lead a team and still return with almost no new information about Falcon's hideout.
'I can't blame Collin. Falcon is excellent at picking his hideout, and Collin can't do anything about that. That said, we must catch Falcon today. I need to think of something quickly.
Bonnie rubbed her chin while trying to devise a solution. Soon after, she said, "All of you stay here while I scout the area myself."
Collin frowned and instinctively denied her suggestion, "No, Chief. You're the heart of the organization. What'll we do if something happens to you? Maybe I can give it another shot. Either way, you shouldn't go."
Bonnie scoffed. "What do you think Falcon can do to me?"
Collin continued to persuade her, "I know you're tough, but that doesn't mean you're invincible to underhanded tricks. It's risky to go in there yourself. You can forget about it, Chief."
###Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007
"I know you're concerned about my safety, but we must catch Falcon," Bonnie added firmly after a brief pause, "I've decided to scout the basement myself. Once I'm confident it's safe, you'll lead our men in to catch him."
If the situation permitted, she would even catch Falcon herself. Then, her men would not have to risk their safety. Naturally, she could not tell Collin because she knew he would nag at her.
Collin did not argue once he realized Bonnie was determined. He said, "Watch your back once you're in there, Chief. Don't fall for any of Falcon's traps."
She waved, saying, "Don't worry about it. I'll never put myself in danger."
Then, she prepared to enter the basement. Suddenly, she heard Ivor's voice, "I'm coming with you."
His words stunned everyone. Floyd looked at him in a daze, asking, "Wh-why are you volunteering to do something so dangerous, boss?"
'It's getting harder to understand Mr. Ivor's actions. He's too enthusiastic toward the Nidhoggs' leader. If the leader weren't a man, I'd say Mr. Ivor has a thing for him.'
Ivor looked at his assistant condescendingly. "You do realize he offered to go in alone, right? Why would it be okay for me to stay back while he risks his safety? I should help him now that I'm here. Otherwise, what will the others think of me?"
Still, Floyd failed to understand his boss's actions. "Will they really think poorly of you if you stayed behind?"
"Did you forget everything I told you?" Ivor looked at Floyd helplessly.
'Damn, Floyd is getting dumber by the day.'
Floyd began to understand everything when he heard that. "Oh, you're doing this to build a good rapport with the Nidhoggs' leader. That'll make it easier for us to negotiate terms with them later, right?"
"Of course. Why else would I do it?" Ivor whispered, "They offered us a few weeks to study their chip, but I might be able to extend it to a month. I can buy us more time if I become his buddy."
Floyd finally understood his boss's intentions. "Excellent job at thinking so far ahead, Mr. Ivor."
"Remember, there's always a reason behind all my actions. All you have to do is stay out of it." After that, he approached Bonnie and asked, "Should we go? Is it okay if I join you?"
When he first offered, she thought he was joking. After hearing him repeat it, she knew he was serious about tagging along.
However, Bonnie did not understand his actions. She raised her brows and asked, "Are you sure you want to come? Falcon's tough, and I won't be responsible for you if we get into trouble,"
Ivor raised his chin and said confidently, "Let me assure you you're free of liability. I don't consider Falcon a threat, either."
Bonnie chuckled and said, "Don't be so sure of yourself. Otherwise, you'll have to eat your words if he outdoes you."
###Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008
Ivor chuckled. "We're on the same boat, buddy. Do you often look down on your allies like that?"
He had gotten to know the Nidhoggs' leader for a few days now and thought the latter was intriguing.
"It was just my advice. I didn't mean to look down on you." Bonnie cracked her knuckles and stretched. Then, she stopped smiling and glared toward the basement, adding, "If you're sure about coming with me, we should move out soon. We have no time to lose."
"All right, let's go." Ivor's expression grew solemn. After all, catching Falcon was their priority. They could discuss the rest once they completed their task.
As the duo moved, Collin nagged, "Be careful in there, Chief."
Bonnie did not even bother to turn. She simply waved and said, "All right already. Stop nagging me." He shook his head helplessly. "I'm just concerned about you. Why do you find me annoying instead?" Bonnie and Ivor had gone too far and could not hear Collin. However, Floyd could not help but make a snide remark, "You keep nagging like you're his mom. If I find you annoying, imagine your leader." "What'd you say?!" Collin whipped around and glared at Floyd. "How dare you say that about me? You must be itching for a beating."
Floyd shrugged. "I was just speaking the truth. Don't you take kindly to honesty?"
"Why, you little-" Collin was about to punch Floyd, but the former's henchmen stopped him.
"Don't lower yourself to his level, Mr. Collin. Come over here. We'll discuss something interesting instead of arguing."
Collin struggled to suppress his anger. He glared at Floyd and barked, "You Dark Knight people are just obnoxious, as usual!"
'I suspect Floyd was the one who annoyed me when I dealt with this organization. Even his speech pattern is the same!"
Floyd retorted, "Speak for yourself. We're cut from the same cloth, so you don't have the right to talk about me like that."
"I would've pummeled you if it weren't for my chief!" Collin did not want to stir up trouble, but Floyd was infuriating.
The latter also thought something terrible might happen if he continued arguing, so he dropped the matter. "Bah! I can't be bothered with you!"
Collin rolled his eyes and scoffed, "Hmph! You're making it sound like I intended to talk to you."
Then, he turned away arrogantly as if he could not stand Floyd. The latter could not stand Collin's behavior either. Ultimately, Floyd returned to his men.
Meanwhile, Bonnie stared at the overgrowth in the abandoned villa, saying, "Falcon knows how to pick a hideout all right. I can't believe he can live somewhere this miserable. No wonder it took us a long time to track him down."
Ivor frowned and added, "His choice in hideout tells me just how tough he is."
Bonnie looked like she knew he would say that. She said, "I told you not to take Falcon lightly. I know both of us are capable and will even say we're better fighters than him. Still, it pays to stay vigilant."
###Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009
Ivor could not help but glance at Bonnie sideways when she said that. He said, "Although you look like a carefree guy, you're pretty cautious."
Her lips twitched. "Are you sure you consider me carefree?"
That was her first time hearing someone refer to her as carefree, and she found it refreshing. After all, people had always found her mature, reliable, and wise. As for carefree, she suspected she had only shown that side of her to Ivor, albeit occasionally.
Bonnie had not acted out of character before Ivor when she first met him. She wondered how he saw through her and discovered her carefree side.
"I have a hunch that's just who you are." Ivor was stunned. After all, he called her carefree out of instinct. "A hunch, huh?" Bonnie's lips twitched. "That sounds unreliable."
"I wouldn't say that. My hunches have always been accurate, so I often trust them." Ivor walked forward and cleared the way for Bonnie as he spoke.
Ivor thought, 'Although he's also a man, his stature is smaller and weaker than mine. I should clear the way for him.'
On the other hand, Bonnie looked at his back and felt like he was taking care of her. For a moment, she suspected the man before her was Ivor.
'Nah, Ivor's on a business trip to one of Arvandor's neighboring countries. Yale is on the other side of the world. He can't be here. I must be imagining it because I miss him too much.'
Soon after, the duo reached the abandoned villa. Bonnie peered inside, but all she could see was darkness. Although she had superb vision, she still could not see a thing. She turned and whispered, "This place isn't strategic for us. Tread cautiously."
To her surprise, Ivor turned when she did. The two almost hit each other's faces. They were so close to each other that Ivor caught a faint aroma. He froze when he sniffed it.
'Wait a minute. Why does this guy smell so much like Bonnie? The Nidhogg's leader is a man, so why would he smell so feminine?'
With that in mind, Ivor remembered the soft and plump sensation when he first fought the Nidhoggs' leader. He had buried his suspicions previously, but after smelling the faint aroma, he could not help but become suspicious again.
'Is this guy a lady instead?! She might be disguising herself as a man because of personal reasons.'
Bonnie realized they were an inch away from touching each other. She stumbled backward before finding her footing. She noticed the stunned Ivor and asked, "Hey, why'd you turn so suddenly? Now you look like a deer in headlights."
Ivor returned to his senses and chuckled when he heard that. He said, "This place is pretty creepy. It'd be wild if something supernatural happened. Maybe you should watch your back."
###Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010
Bonnie rolled her eyes and said, "Stop trying to scare me. I'm not afraid of ghosts. Also, am I supposed to be impressed if I see one? I'll even make the ghost regret haunting me."
She spoke with a natural tenacity as if nothing could scare her. Ivor could not help but feel a little frightened when he sensed her unwavering air. He thought the Nidhoggs' leader was as mature as he was, even though the latter looked young,
'I wonder what harrowing experiences he must've experienced to be so mentally tough.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie noticed him staring at her. She felt her face and asked, "Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?"
Her voice brought Ivor back to his senses. He collected his thoughts and chuckled, saying, "I'm surprised you're pretty brave despite your small frame."
She felt offended. "What do you mean by that? Watch your tongue."
'He sounds like he's underestimating me. How annoying!'
Meanwhile, Ivor thought she had misunderstood him. He was about to make fun of her again when they heard a rustling sound. The duo composed themselves and looked toward the sound. Suddenly, a bird burst out of the foliage and flew away.
Although they realized it was a bird, it made them more alert and no longer as relaxed as they were a second ago. Bonnie approached the villa's edge and gestured toward Ivor. "You go left, and I'll take right. Let's split up and cover more ground."
Ivor had no ions. "Got it."
The duo flanked the villa and scouted its surroundings. However, this tactic only allowed them to check the perimeter they still knew nothing about its interior.
Soon after, the duo rendezvoused. The inside of the villa was pitch black. Bonnie asked, "Should we check inside? We can't find anything useful if we keep looking outside."
Ivor peered inside and looked around. He saw nothing but darkness without a single ray of light. He frowned and immediately disagreed, "It's too risky to enter like this. Are you sure? I think you should reconsider. There's a good chance we might run into real danger inside."
Bonnie raised her brow, asking, "Are you scared?"
Ivor sneered, knowing she was goading him on. "Hmph, I don't know the meaning of fear. Still, this isn't something you can afford to underestimate. I hope you can consider your actions more carefully."
###Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011
Bonnie shrugged. "Of course, I've thought it through. I wouldn't have suggested it otherwise."
Then she pated Ivor's shoulder and added, "Don't worry. Since I said I'd take you along, I can ensure your safety. Just follow me and be confident."
Ivor found her casual demeanor amusing and exasperating. "It'll be too late if something goes wrong."
His hesitance made Bonnie's patience wear thin. She said, "Just tell me whether or not you're coming. If you don't want to go, I'll go in alone, and you can stay here."
She found his cautiousness annoying, especially for a grown man.
Ivor glanced at the interior before looking back at Bonnie. "Since you're unafraid, I don't have a reason to hesitate. Let's explore and find out where Falcon's hiding."
His decision to accompany Bonnie stemmed from his desire to maintain a good relationship with her. Then, he could extend the time needed to research the chip.
Initially, he only planned to stay around the perimeter, but since Bonnie would venture inside, he could not stand idly by.
Moreover, Ivor trusted the Nidhoggs' leader's abilities to handle any challenges.
Bonnie said lightly, "All right, let's head in."
Ivor followed closely behind while continuously checking their rear to avoid surprise attacks. When they entered the villa, a damp and decaying stench hit them.
Bonnie almost gagged but managed to suppress it due to her well-trained endurance. After all, she had survived similar environments during her training. Although it had not bothered her then, years without such exposure had dimmed her endurance.
Ivor struggled, too, as his severe cleanliness habits made the environment particularly unbearable. Bonnie shined her flashlight at him and noticed his discomfort. She asked, "Hey, are you good?"
He suppressed his nausea and shook his head. "I'm fine."
"You can head back out if you can't handle it. Don't push yourself," Bonnie said, reconsidering her earlier decision to let him tag along. It seemed she had underestimated the severity of the conditions and began to worry about Ivor.
"I can handle it. Let's keep going." Ivor pushed on, determined not to lose his ego. After all, he was also a leader of an organization, and he felt he had to endure it if Bonnie could. Turning back now would be humiliating and unacceptable.
Bonnie furrowed her brow and shone the flashlight at him again. Noticing his persistence, she nagged, You know your limits. If you can't take it, say so instead of acting tough. I won't laugh at you, so why are you so concerned about your pride?"
###Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012
Ivor was surprised that Bonnie saw through him. He felt amused yet exasperated. "I said I'm fine, so I am. Let's stop wasting time and keep moving."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him when she heard that. She complained inwardly, 'I was just trying to be considerate, and he accuses me of wasting time. He doesn't deserve any concern!'
"Watch out!" Ivor's sudden, urgent shout interrupted her thoughts.
Bonnie instinctively turned and saw a dart speeding toward her eyes. If she did not dodge in time, she would have gotten blinded.
Ivor's heart leaped into his throat as he watched. He wanted to help, but the corridor was too narrow. However, Bonnie quickly bent backward and kicked the dart into the other wall.
Immediately after, it activated a mechanism on the entire wall before releasing a barrage of darts. One misstep could turn the duo into pincushions.
Ivor's heart pounded as he watched, but Bonnie grabbed him, shouting, "Over here!"
They squeezed into a crevice and narrowly avoided the onslaught of darts. Ivor sighed in relief after averting the danger. Then, he glanced at the darts and frowned, saying, "It'll be tough to escape if they keep flying around like that."
Bonnie raised a brow at him. "Don't worry. The darts will stop soon."
Ivor looked at her in surprise, asking, "How do you know that?"
Bonnie did not answer. Instead, she counted down, "Three, two, one."
Immediately after, the darts stopped.
Ivor stepped forward, wide-eyed, when he realized the darts had stopped. He turned back to Bonnie and asked in astonishment, "How'd you predict that so perfectly? Also, did you purposely kick that initial dart to the opposite wall to trigger the switch?"
Bonnie nodded in approval. "You're right, that's what I did. The darts are limited, too. We've effectively disabled the trap by making them run out."
Her confident explanation intrigued Ivor even more. "Did you study such traps?"
Bonnie did not deny it. "I wouldn't say I studied them, but I know a thing or two." Her calm response made Ivor's lips twitch.
###Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013
'The world will be full of geniuses if just knowing a thing or two can lead to this guy's level of expertise. He knows how to humblebrag, all right,' Ivor thought.
The duo continued venturing into the villa for a while before descending some stairs. Then, they reached a flat area, which appeared to be the main hall. The walls had several European-style oil paintings, making the place look eerie.
Bonnie glanced at them before looking back to ensure Ivor was following closely. Suddenly, she saw something that made her react instinctively. "Don't move! Stay right there, and wait for me to come to you."
Ivor was mid-motion when he heard her voice and froze. After steadying himself, he looked at her and asked, "Is it another trap?"
Bonnie nodded solemnly. "Yeah, it is. The surrounding floorboards are likely hollow, except for the one you're standing on. Don't move a muscle until I figure out how to get you out of there."
Since she had studied traps extensively, she knew how to navigate them. On the other hand, Ivor had no experience and could easily misstep. Even so, Bonnie realized she should have warned him earlier, especially after encountering the initial dart trap.
"Got it." Ivor nodded.
As Bonnie searched around, he asked curiously, "What are you looking for?"
"I'm looking for something to substitute your weight. You can get out safely if I can place something of similar weight on the hollow floorboards."
Ivor understood her plan. "Understood. I saw some vases when we came down the stairs earlier. You can try using one of those. Oh, some planks might work, too."
"Vases, huh? That's a perfect idea." Bonnie's eyes lit up. "Wait here while I go and get them."
She hurried off and returned with two vases, which she placed onto the floorboards before Ivor. As expected, they shifted slightly, causing the surrounding boards to move out of alignment.
Crash!
All the boards, excluding the one Ivor stood on, gave way, revealing a pit filled with sharp stakes glinting below.
Bonnie shivered as she realized Ivor could have died if he had fallen in. She had always known Falcon to be cold-blooded, but not to this extent. Although she had taught him almost everything she knew, he set up a deadly trap for her.
Ivor noticed the Nidhoggs' leader's emotional reaction before reminding her, "Maybe you should focus on getting me out of here first. You can consider Falcon's betrayal later."
Bonnie returned to her senses and laid some planks across the gap to form a makeshift bridge. "All right, you can come over now."
Ivor carefully stepped onto the planks and slowly made his way to Bonnie. Once across, he sighed in relief, "Phew, I'm safe."
###Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014
Bonnie raised her chin and said with a hint of pride, "See? I told you to stick with me. Trust me-I can guarantee your safety."
When they entered the villa, Ivor did not trust the Nidhoggs' leader much. The former only felt compelled to join Bonnie because of his interests. However, his trust in Bonnie increased after seeing her safely navigate through two traps.
'Although I've yet to trust this guy fully, I feel I can lower my guard slightly now.'
Ivor gathered his thoughts and responded, "Yeah, you're skilled regarding traps."
Bonnie knew his praise was genuine, which increased her favorable impression of him. However, she quickly regained her composure and focused on their next step.
"Follow my every step from now on, and don't move alone. Only step where I step. That's the only way you'll stay safe, understand?"
After safely avoiding the traps, she proved her capabilities and reinforced the idea of Ivor staying as close as possible. Ivor did not argue, knowing better than to risk his life by straying.
He replied, "Got it."
'My wife's waiting for me. If something happens to me, what'll happen to Bonnie? I must ensure my safety for her sake.'
Bonnie continued to lead Ivor forward. She even disarmed two more traps along the way. Her ease in dealing with the traps made everything seem almost playful. Although Ivor remained silent, he followed closely and learned as much as possible.
Meanwhile, Falcon and his accomplices were in the basement receiving reports of their disabled traps.
One accomplice watching the screen exclaimed, "Your boss is amazing at disarming traps! We spent so much time setting them up, and she disarmed most of them in less than half an hour! That's incredible!"
Falcon felt a sense of pride. "Of course. If my boss weren't this amazing, she wouldn't be the organization's leader. How else could she have taught me so much?"
Although he had betrayed Bonnie, having such a capable leader was something to be proud of. Still, that was all in the past.
The accomplice smacked the back of Falcon's head. "Don't forget that we're enemies now! The better your boss is, the harder it is to deal with her. She has already disarmed most of our traps. What'll we do if she catches us?"
Falcon rubbed the back of his head and glared at his accomplice. "We still have several more traps remaining. Why worry?"
"With the speed at which she's disarming them, do you think a few more traps will keep her occupied much longer? I bet they'll be here in ten minutes."
A sense of solemnity flashed in Falcon's eyes as he said confidently, "I made the remaining traps much more challenging to disarm. Just watch. My boss will fall for at least one of them."
Although Bonnie knew Falcon well, he knew her well, too. Everything depended on whether or not the former could solve the remaining traps. If she succeeded, Falcon would admit defeat graciously. However, Bonnie would face a considerable misfortune if she failed.
###Chapter 1015
Chapter 1015
The accomplice's eyes lit up when he heard Falcon's claims. The former said, "You have a backup plan?" Falcom grinned cunningly. "You'll find out soon enough."
Meanwhile, Bonnie led Ivor through layers of traps until they reached the villa's backyard. The area was overgrown with weeds, obscuring the view of what lay beyond.
Ivor glanced ahead and analyzed the situation while rubbing his chin. "I think Falcon might be on the other side. Let's head over right away."
He was about to step forward when Bonnie hurriedly stopped him. "Wait! Don't take another step! Back up!"
Ivor stopped mid-step and withdrew before moving closer to her side. "Are there more traps here?"
He had assessed the terrain and saw no suitable places for traps, so he felt confident about proceeding. However, he did not expect Bonnie to stop him. Her following words caught him off guard. "Yeah, there are traps here. They could blow you to pieces if you're not careful."
Ivor raised a brow. "How so?"
She looked proud and confident as she raised her brow, asking, "Do you think your knowledge of traps surpasses mine?"
Ivor had to admit he could not argue with her expertise. "All right, I'll leave it to you and watch you from behind."
"Step back a little so you don't get in the way," Bonnie instructed.
He grew curious and puzzled as he stepped back and watched Bonnie pull out a knife. She held it tightly and turned as if she was about to stab him.
Ivor was startled as he took several more steps back. "What are you doing?!"
His voice had a hint of coldness, showing his genuine alarm. Bonnie looked at him in puzzlement and asked, "What are you doing? Did you think I'd stab you?"
Ivor realized he might have overreacted. After collecting himself, he said, "No."
Although he was wary of her, he could not admit it for fear of damaging their business relationship and his interests.
Bonnie noticed it but did not expose him. Instead, she asked, "Do you have a knife to lend me? I need another one. I'll return it when I'm done. Don't worry. We're in this together, and I won't jeopardize your safety,"
Ivor frowned, hesitant if he should hand over his knife.
'Maybe I should tell him I don't have one.'
###Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016
Ivor was conflicted and hesitant because his knife was his only means of protection. Although he got along relatively well with the Nidhoggs' leader, he could not guarantee she would not use his knife against him.
Bonnie guessed his thoughts and smiled knowingly. She realized the leader of the Dark Knights was cautious.
'Fine, I'll just rely on myself since I can't count on anyone else.'
She broke the awkward silence, saying, "I'll use my own if you don't have one."
Without waiting for Ivor to respond, she continued to work on the trap. Meanwhile, a mix of emotions arose in Ivor as he watched.
'Maybe he realized I'm being cautious and overly defensive. Still, my actions are for my safety.'
Ivor gathered his thoughts and played along, saying, "Today's my lucky day. I didn't bring anything to help you."
"It's fine," Bonnie casually replied as she began to dig the ground with the dagger.
Ivor watched with a hint of curiosity. "Is something buried in the dirt?"
Bonnie nodded. "Yeah, there is."
Ivor's curiosity piqued. "What is it?"
"You'll know soon enough," Bonnie replied, not intending to sound mysterious. However, she knew Ivor might not believe her explanation. She thought he would once he saw it for himself.
"Okay," Ivor responded lightly and continued to watch Bonnie's actions. Despite his lingering caution, he was prepared to assist where he could. Still, traps were not his forte, so he could only watch without interfering.
Bonnie worked quickly, causing dirt to fly in all directions. Seconds later, the buried became more apparent, and Ivor's eyes widened in shock. "Falcon buried landmines here?!"
'No wonder he said the traps here can blow me to pieces. He wasn't exaggerating.'
"Yeah, I noticed something off about the ground when we first entered. I suspected Falcon had buried landmines, and I was right." Bonnie realized Falcon had modified his trap significantly.
However, she knew what he was thinking since she was his mentor. These traps posed no challenge to her. Bonnie unearthed a series of landmines and carefully placed them aside. Meanwhile, Ivor pursed his lips, intrigued by Falcon's trap-setting methods.
"It hasn't been that long since we located Falcon. I wonder how he set up so many traps in such a short time."
Bonnie raised her brows and asked, "Why do you think he set up these traps so quickly?"
###Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017
Ivor narrowed his eyes and rubbed his chin. "Did Falcon start setting up these traps the moment we discovered his location?"
Bonnie surveyed their surroundings, saying, "That's the only way he could've set up so many traps. Otherwise, there's no way he could've managed this many in just a day. I know his capabilities well. Now that it's safe, we can keep moving forward."
Ivor noticed the Nighoggs' leader's pride and confidence. The former felt a surge of admiration, thinking, His awareness and sharpness are above mine. I wonder what experiences he must've gone through to hone such keen senses.
'He must've undergone rigorous training to become so skilled. I thought he was too young to be the leader of the Nidhoggs. Now, I finally see why. He's a formidable guy.'
Bonnie waited for Ivor to proceed. Noticing his absent-mindedness, she said, "Hey, what's wrong with you? Let's go."
Ivor was startled before approaching. However, he felt a sudden crack when he took his first step. He froze, sensing something shift underground. In that critical moment, Bonnie lunged forward and pulled him aside.
Then, a grenade exploded, sending dirt flying onto the duo.
"Ugh!" Bonnie spat out some dirt and quickly went to check on Ivor. "Are you okay?!"
Ivor nodded. "I'm fine, thanks to your quick reflexes."
"Phew, good." Bonnie sighed in relief and got to her feet. She scowled as she studied the terrain.
'I was sure I cleared all the landmines, so how did he trigger one? Are Falcon's traps more complex than I thought?'
As that thought crossed her mind, she realized something and quickly shouted, "Step back! Move, now!"
However, she was too late. The ground beneath Ivor gave way, and he fell instantly. Before Bonnie could react, the ground under her collapsed, too.
"Damn it!" She cursed as she sat up and looked at the hole above. "I got careless. I didn't expect Falcon to set up a chain trap."
Although she had anticipated this possibility, she had reacted too late.
"Cough, cough!" Ivor coughed after accidentally inhaling some dust. Then, he sat up and said, "We should be thankful there weren't any spikes down here. Falling from that height could've crippled us if not killed
Bonnie shrugged. "That was my fault. I should've been more careful. I promise I'll get you out safely." "It's okay. You probably didn't expect something like that. Let's find a way out together."
Ivor only noticed how cramped the space was after standing up. Due to that, the duo was almost pressed against each other.
###Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018
Ivor was about to say something when he smelled a fresh and delicate fragrance. The scent caused a strange flutter in his heart and reminded him of his wife. He had noticed it earlier but thought it was just his imagination.
However, the clarity of the scent now made it impossible to dismiss as a mere suspicion.
His gaze toward the Nidhoggs' leader grew increasingly profound and mysterious. It was like he wanted to see through her exterior.
Bonnie sensed his unusual stare but did not understand it. To diffuse the awkwardness, she took a light- hearted approach. She crossed her arms and teased, "Are you staring at me because you're interested? "Although I can't see your face, I can tell you're not bad-looking from your build and demeanor. Still, I'm a man and don't swing that way. Forced love is not sweet, so don't get any ideas."
"Are you sure you're a man?" Ivor got closer.
Bonnie raised her brows, wondering if the Dark Knights' leader could see through her disguise. Despite her thoughts, she remained calm and looked at him teasingly.
"You can see my gender for yourself, but remember that we're partners. Digging too deep into my business won't benefit you. I advise you to stop while you're ahead and not do anything out of line." Although she was smiling, her tone carried a subtle warning.
"Just chatting doesn't seem out of line to me," Ivor replied, though he backed off.
He understood that their relationship was solely for cooperation and mutual interests. Ivor's suspicions about her scent were too far-fetched to act on without concrete evidence.
Bonnie knew he understood her warning when he backed off. She said nothing more about it. Instead, she checked their surroundings to find a way to escape.
Suddenly, Ivor had an idea as he followed her gaze. "How about you step on my shoulders and try to climb up? Once you're up, you can find something to help pull me out."
After some thought, Bonnie gauged the height and nodded. "Yeah, we can try that. Bend down, and I'll see if I can reach the top."
"All right," Ivor said as he lowered himself.
When Bonnie stepped on his shoulders, he noticed how light the Nidhoggs' leader was. Though Bonnie had a small frame and looked delicate, she did not weigh nearly as much as an average adult male.
Ivor's suspicions grew stronger, and he was now sixty to seventy percent sure the Nidhoggs' leader was a
woman.
###Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019
Although suspicious, Ivor decided to stop dwelling on the subject. It was as Bonnie said. Their relationship was strictly professional, and digging deeper was unnecessary.
"All right, you can slowly stand up now. I'll see if I can grab something to help you out." Bonnie pressed against the hole's edge to stabilize herself and prevent falling.
"Got it." Ivor gathered his thoughts and slowly straightened up with Bonnie on his shoulders.
As she saw more light, she noticed a black and quickly withdrew her hand. Suddenly, a snap echoed as a mouse trap triggered where her hand had been. There were more traps scattered around the hole's perimeter.
Bonnie's expression turned cold, shocked that Falcon had set up multiple layers of traps and nested more within them. It made it nearly impossible to avoid them all.
Ivor felt her trembling and asked, "What's happening up there?"
"Slowly lower yourself for me to get down," Bonnie replied.
He carefully did as she said and allowed her to climb off his shoulders. Then, she dusted her hands and calmly explained, "We can't get out yet, but don't worry. I have a device that can send a signal to Collin. Once it reaches him, he'll bring our men to save us."
Ivor stood up and looked at the Nidhoggs' leader. "What's it like up there?"
"Falcon placed plenty of mousetraps around the edges. If I get careless, I'll trigger them. He wants to trap us here." Bonnie sighed regretfully. "Falcon has a real talent for setting up traps, but he misused his intelligence."
Although Falcon betrayed her, she could not deny his exceptional trap design and setting skills.
Ivor glanced at her in surprise. "Despite all he's done to you, you still admire his talent. You have a broad mind."
"It's not about that. I simply give credit where it's due. After all, Falcon was my student. This situation we're in is a testament to my teachings. As his mentor, I can't help but feel a certain satisfaction, even if the circumstances are far from ideal."
Bonnie sent a signal from her wrist device and added, "There, I sent my signal. Now, we just have to wait for Collin and the others to come and rescue us."
Ivor felt amused by her perspective. He smiled helplessly and replied, "Different perspectives lead to different things, right? You have an interesting outlook."
"It's just the truth." Bonnie shrugged before finding a corner to sit in. "Let's rest and wait for my guys to arrive."
Ivor sat across her, saying, "I have a signal device, too. Should I get my people to help?"
"No need for that." After some thought, Bonnie formulated a plan. "Let my guys handle the rescue, and
tell your people to form a perimeter around the villa to prevent Falcon from escaping. If I'm right, he'll probably try to flee if he knows I'm trapped."
Ivor nodded, appreciating the strategic thoughts behind her plan.
###Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020
Bonnie knew more about Falcon than Ivor, so he didn't say much and simply agreed. "Alright, I'll send the signal to them now."
He then took a signal transmitter from his inner pocket, inputted the message, and sent it to Floyd. "Done.
They had anticipated that there would be no signal in such a place, so they hadn't brought their phones. Instead, they relied on the signal transmitters developed by their respective organizations. Fortunately, they had these or might have been trapped for an unknown time.
"Okay, now we wait," Bonnie said, leaning against the dirt wall and closing her eyes to rest. She felt it wouldn't be long before Collin came to rescue them. She had faith in Collin's abilities.
Seeing this, Ivor didn't say anything further and closed his dark eyes.
Meanwhile, Collin and Floyd received the signals and messages from their respective leaders simultaneously. They looked at each other in unison and exclaimed, "Something's wrong!"
Floyd quickly composed himself and shared the message Ivor had sent him. "Mr. Ivor wants me to surround the abandoned estate and prevent Falcon from escaping. What's your directive?"
Collin didn't hold back and shared, "According to Mr. Boyd, she and Mr. Ivor are trapped and need me to rescue them."
"Trapped?" Floyd frowned deeply. "I'll send others to surround the estate while I go with you to rescue them. My job is to protect him and ensure his safety."
"It's not up to me, do as you wish," Collin said indifferently. He didn't mind; he would rescue Mr. Boyd anyway, and having one more or one less person didn't make much difference.
"Then it's settled," Collin said, turning to his subordinates. "You, take our men and surround the exits near the estate. Keep a close watch and don't let Falcon escape, understand?"
The named subordinate stood straight and responded firmly, "Understood!"
He then led his team to surround the estate. Collin continued to give orders, "You four, come with me to rescue Mr. Boyd. The rest of you coordinate with the Dark Knight Organization to surround the estate and ensure Falcon doesn't get away."
"Yes," the subordinates responded and began to act.
Collin led the way and warned Floyd to keep up. "If you're coming with me, stay close. Don't fall behind, or you'll end up in a trap, and I won't know how to rescue you."
Floyd was observing the dark environment of the estate and was surprised by Collin's words. "He managed to set traps in such harsh conditions?"
"Yes, Falcon is a true disciple of Mr. Boyd regarding traps. If Mr. Boyd can set traps in such places, then Falcon can, too. Besides, how could someone as skilled as Mr. Boyd be trapped if there weren't traps?" Collin spoke with a hint of pride when mentioning his boss.
"But if she's so skilled, why is she trapped?" Floyd felt Collin was exaggerating.
Upon hearing Floyd doubt his boss's abilities, Collin rolled his eyes at him without hesitation.
###Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021
"The reason she's trapped is because Falcon's methods are insidious. She accidentally fell into his trap. It has nothing to do with her abilities," Collin defended.
Floyd's mouth twitched, "How do you know that?"
"She's my boss, of course I know," Collin replied, unwilling to continue the conversation.
"Alright, let's rescue them. No need to discuss this any further," Floyd shrugged. "Some people just can't handle the truth."
Collin's fist clenched, and he turned to glare at Floyd. "Shut up! Stop talking."
He would have loved to punch Floyd if it weren't for their current situation. Despite the cooperation, members of the Dark Knight Organization were still just as annoying, doing nothing but provoking others.
Floyd glanced at him briefly and decided not to push further after seeing Collin struggling to control his emotions. "Fine, I'll stop arguing with you."
"Fine, truce! Until we rescue my boss, I won't say anything to you!" Collin glared at him once more, then turned and walked briskly ahead, clearly trying to put some distance between them. But considering their cooperation, he eventually slowed down to let Floyd catch up.
Whatever, Collin thought. Saving his boss was more important now, and he didn't want to waste energy bickering with someone like Floyd.
Seeing Collin's actions, Floyd regarded him with rare admiration. Collin showed great composure, indicating that his boss had taught him well. Floyd now acknowledged that Collin's boss was indeed formidable.
Meanwhile, Falcon was hurriedly packing, which left his accomplices bewildered. "Didn't you say they were trapped? Why not go and finish them off? Why the rush to escape?"
"Are you stupid? If we don't run now, we'll get caught," Falcon said, packing quickly. "I know our boss's capabilities better than anyone. If we go there, we'll get counterattacked for sure! And they must have people outside. If we don't escape now, it'll be too late."
His accomplices remained skeptical, "Is your boss really that strong? If so, how did you manage to steal the chip?"
"That's because she wasn't around at the time!" Falcon didn't want to waste more time explaining. "I know our boss better than anyone. Trust me, or we'll all be finished! Our goal is the chip and the money."
Falcon's serious expression convinced his accomplices. "Alright, let's go with your plan. Hurry and pack!" At that moment, another accomplice exclaimed, "We're done for! I just saw the estate surrounded by people. They're from the Dark Knight Organization and the Nidhogg Organization!"
"They both mobilized?" The accomplice frowned at Falcon. "What now?"
"See? I told you we should've left sooner. Now we can't escape!" Falcon looked at the narrow hole in the basement and said, "We'll crawl through the rat hole. Keep your bodies as small as possible-it's our only way out."
###Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022
The two accomplices looked at the narrow rat hole before them, finding it hard to believe. "Are you sure we can fit through this tiny hole? Stop joking."
"I'll try first. If it doesn't work, we'll think of something else." Falcon put on a head cover and lay down to test it out. He was desperate to leave as quickly as possible. He knew all too well Bonnie's skills and methods. Bonnie despised traitors, and death was certain if caught.
Falcon easily dug through the rat hole as the soil around it was loose, eventually creating a path in the corner. Excitement gleamed in his eyes as he called his accomplices over.
"This hole is big enough for us to escape. Hurry, crawl through! Don't forget the chip and the card."
"Got it," one of the accomplices responded. The other followed closely. When Falcon saw them pass through, he crawled out as well.
The sudden brightness outside was almost blinding, giving Falcon a feeling of rebirth. He took a deep breath of fresh air, ready to share the joy of survival with his accomplices. However, when he turned around, the sight before him made his blood run cold, and his smile froze.
A large group surrounded the area, and he recognized some faces from the Nidhogg Organization. These people had been sent to capture them. He had suspected Bonnie would have a backup plan, which was evident now.
Falcon felt admiration and urgency as he tried to signal his accomplices to run. However, someone from the Nidhogg Organization spotted him before he could speak.
"Falcon is over there! Quick, catch him!"
As soon as the shout rose, the surrounding people converged on Falcon and his two accomplices. The three of them paled and quickly bolted in the opposite direction. Members of the Nidhogg and Dark Knight Organization gave chase immediately.
Collin and Floyd arrived at the abandoned manor's main hall with their teams. Seeing the disarmed traps around, Collin felt worried for Bonnie.
"Mr. Boyd! Mr. Boyd! Are you here? If you hear me, answer!" Collin called out while moving forward, his heart in his throat. His subordinates scanned the area with flashlights, searching for any sign of Bonnie and the others.
Floyd frowned while surveying the surroundings. Noticing footprints leading to the backyard door, he quickly approached. Floyd saw several spots where the soil had been disturbed. He was uncertain of the situation and turned to Collin.
"I think your boss and my boss went this way, but there are several places where the soil has been dug up. I'm not sure what to make of it. Come take a look."
"Places where the soil has been dug?" Collin furrowed his brow and quickly went to Floyd's side.
###Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023
Upon seeing the scene before him, Collin quickly understood the situation. "Falcon buried landmines here. The spots where the soil has been disturbed are where our bosses defused the traps. Be careful, everyone, and watch your step. Don't step on any landmines."
Although their boss had defused the traps, that cunning and treacherous Falcon might have planted more landmines. They had brought a significant number of people, so it was crucial to be cautious to avoid any accidents.
In unison, the subordinates responded, "Understood."
Floyd was surprised upon hearing this. "Where did Falcon get landmines in such a short time?"
"How should I know? I'm not him," Collin retorted, eager to find Bonnie and uninterested in further discussion.
Floyd pondered a more profound issue, "Do you think he found a stronger backer in Yale? If so, recovering the 12 billion and the chip will be even more challenging." =
Upon hearing this, Collin's already furrowed brow tightened further. "It's possible, but the priority right now is to find our boss and your boss. We can only proceed with the next steps after confirming their safety."
Floyd rarely agreed with Collin, nodding, "You're right. Let's find them quickly."
"Okay," Collin replied and began shouting, "Mr. Boyd! Mr. Boyd! Are you here?"
The faint sound in the distance made Bonnie, resting against the tunnel wall, open her eyes. She immediately met Ivor's deep black eyes.
She blinked in surprise before asking, "Did you hear something?"
Ivor nodded slightly, "I heard it. It sounds like that subordinate who is always with you."
"Yes, it's him," Bonnie said as she slowly stood up and stretched her stiff body. She shouted toward the tunnel entrance, "I'm here!"
Her voice quickly reached Collin. His eyes lit up instantly, "Mr. Boyd! Mr. Boyd! Where are you? I'll come find you right away!"
"Don't rush," Bonnie's voice halted Collin in his tracks. "Why, Mr. Boyd? Are there still traps set by Falcon?"
Bonnie explained her current situation, "I'm in a tunnel. There are many rat traps near the entrance. You should check carefully before coming over, or you might get hurt."
"I understand, Mr. Boyd. I'll have the team check first," Collin responded, turning to his subordinates to give orders. "You heard Mr. Boyd. Start checking for rat traps. Be careful, and don't be careless."
"Understood," the subordinates responded and started checking for traps.
After giving instructions, Collin didn't just stand idle. He began checking the area ahead. Floyd followed while frowning.
Soon, the two arrived near the large pit. Collin's eyes reddened with anger, seeing the dense array of rat traps around the entrance. "That bastard Falcon! Setting such vicious traps to trap the boss after everything the boss has done for him!"
Floyd didn't know what to say for a moment upon hearing this. He bent down and picked up a stick to start
clearing the traps. "Your boss and my boss should be nearby. Let's clear these traps and get them out." Collin looked at him sharply. "Do you think I need you to tell me something so obvious?"
###Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024
Floyd glanced back at Collin in disbelief and continued to clear the rat traps in front of him. About two or three minutes later, they finished removing all the traps and saw Bonnie and Ivor trapped in the pit.
Collin was the first to express concern, "Mr. Boyd, are you okay?"
"I'm fine," Bonnie replied briefly, then looked at Ivor and suggested, "Squat down and let me step on your shoulders to get up. Then, the three of us will pull you up together."
Floyd's mouth twitched upon hearing this.
'The leader of the Nidhogg Organization had a lot of nerve! Asking Mr. Ivor to squat down and be used as a stepping stool? That was reckless!'
He remembered Ivor was obsessed with cleanliness and hated being touched by others, even himself, though his wife was an exception. Floyd anticipated that the leader of the Nidhogg Organization would be harshly rejected.
To his shock and disbelief, the scene that unfolded next left him stunned. Ivor squatted down to allow the leader of Nidhogg Organization to step on his shoulders and climb up!
Floyd rubbed his eyes, questioning his sight. After rubbing his eyes several times, the scene remained unchanged, confirming it was not an illusion.
Reflecting on Mr. Ivor's words during his first encounter with the Nidhogg Organization leader, Floyd's expression grew increasingly complex and peculiar.
'Could it be that Mr. Ivor is somewhat fond of the Nidhogg Organization leader? But, the Nidhogg Organization leader is a man!'
'If the of his boss's affection were a woman, it might be somewhat understandable, but if it were a man, that would be shocking.' Floyd wondered what Mr. Ivor's wife, far away in the Pyralis, would think if she knew about this.
After pulling Bonnie up, Collin saw Floyd constantly massaging his eyes and asked, "What's wrong? Did sand get in your eyes?"
Floyd snapped out of his thoughts and looked at Bonnie, standing beside Collin with an indescribable expression. He had to admit the Nidhogg Organization leader was quite handsome. However, Ivor was married, and this unexpected situation was challenging for him to accept. He felt deeply conflicted about whether to inform Ivor's wife.
Seeing Floyd staring at her with an indescribable expression, Bonnie raised her hand to touch her face in confusion. "Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?"
Floyd quickly gathered his thoughts, coughed lightly, and composed himself before responding, "No, no. I was just thinking about something and got distracted. I didn't mean anything by it. Don't misunderstand."
Bonnie still found Floyd's gaze odd but couldn't pinpoint what was strange about it. "I wasn't misunderstanding anything. I was just asking."
###Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025
She didn't overthink it and turned to look at the pit's opening. "I have a rope here. You guys try to see if you can pull him up. If that doesn't work, we'll figure out another way." She pulled a rope from the small bag behind her and handed it to Collin.
Floyd was still standing in a daze when Collin grabbed the rope and threw it to the ground. He shouted, " Hey, what are you standing there for? Is he your boss or mine? Get over here and help!"
Floyd hadn't been dazing for long. He was shocked by the situation involving Ivor and the leader of the Nidhogg Organization, still trying to wrap his head around it.
He was startled back to reality when he heard Collin yell and realized he had almost completely forgotten about his boss's safety. He immediately wanted to slap himself hard.
He quickly went over to help Collin pull the rope. Collin looked away from Floyd and asked Ivor, trapped in the pit, "Hey, Dark Knight Organization leader, can you grab the rope? If you can't, let us know, and we'll lower it a bit more."
Soon, Ivor's voice came from inside, "If there's more rope, lower it a bit more. I can grab it, but I might not be able to climb up as it is."
Collin understood instantly, "Okay, we'll lower it more."
After lowering a substantial length of the rope, he asked again, "Is it good now?"
"Yes," Ivor wrapped the rope around his hand to ensure a firm grip and said, "You can pull me up."
"Alright." Collin glared at Floyd, who gave a nod and gripped the rope more tightly before beginning to pull briskly.
Bonnie came over to assist them both when she saw how hard it was for them to pull Ivor up. Ivor sensed the upward pull and used some climbing techniques to ascend. With the combined efforts of the four, Ivor was pulled up in less than a minute.
As he dusted off his clothes, he saw Floyd not far away and frowned slightly. "Why are you here? Didn't I tell you to stay with the team to ensure Falcon doesn't escape?"
Feeling the intense aura from his boss, Floyd quickly explained, "I assigned others to the task. Members from the Nidhogg Organization are also there. My presence here won't affect the mission."
Ivor reluctantly nodded upon hearing this. "That's acceptable."
Bonnie overheard their conversation and turned to Collin to ask, "What's the situation with Falcon? Have we received any updates from our team?"
"No updates yet. I'll use the signal transmitter to check with them." Collin replied, pulling out a small device from his inner pocket. Just as he was about to send a message, an incoming message popped on the
screen.
"Chief Collin, Falcon, and his two accomplices have fled to the back mountain. The forest there is vast. Can you send more people to assist us? We need more personnel to find Falcon quickly,"
Collin was uncertain and showed Bonnie the message, "Mr. Boyd, what do you think? Should we send more people?"
Bonnie narrowed her eyes slightly and responded without hesitation, "Is that even a question? Of course, we need to send more people. We must capture that traitor Falcon as soon as possible! If he gets away this time, he'll be more cautious in the future, making it much harder to catch him."
###Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026
Collin nodded and immediately said, 'I'll send a message to deploy additional personnel to assist them."
He looked at the pile of disarmed traps in the corner, his voice filled with anger. 'Falcon set up so many traps, clearly wanting to kill you. You treated him so well, and that ungrateful scum dared to do this to you. It's infuriating just to think about it.'
Bonnie shook her head. "The Falcon I painstakingly trained is already dead. The current one is merely a thief and traitor who stole my chip. There's no need to get angry over such a person. We just need to capture him and deal with him according to the rules."
Her tone was so calm, yet it sent shivers down one's spine. Even Collin, who had been by her side for a long time, shuddered when he heard her speak this way. Collin could foresee the miserable fate awaiting Falcon once he was captured.
However, he wouldn't sympathize with someone like Falcon; he would only feel satisfaction. After all, a despicable traitor deserved nothing less than a punishment worse than death.
Ivor listened to the conversation and offered, "I can send some of my people to help you capture Falcon. Do you need them?"
Bonnie glanced at him indifferently. "While I appreciate your offer, there's something wrong with the way you put it." "What's wrong with it?" Ivor didn't quite catch her meaning.
"Falcon took 1.6 billion from you. Sending your people is for your benefit, not for mine. So, don't talk about assisting me.""
Bonnie had seen through Ivor's ulterior motives. He deliberately phrased it as assisting her, hoping to make her owe him a favor and use that as leverage for future negotiations. However, Bonnie wasn't naive and wouldn't fall into the trap he set so easily.
Ivor looked at Bonnie with a gradually deepening gaze. 'I knew the Nidhogg leader was sharp and wise, but I didn't expect him to see through my intentions so effortlessly. Such a person is indeed frighteningly perceptive. Fortunately, I'm the one dealing with him. Anyone else would likely be outmatched.'
Ivor reined in his expression slightly and smiled at Bonnie. "We are allies, after all. Is it necessary to draw such clear lines?"
Seeing him continue to play dumb, Bonnie clarified, "Of course it's necessary. I don't want to owe you any favors without reason. Even close brothers settle accounts, let alone us."
Ivor looked surprised for a time before grinning, though his eyes showed little warmth. 'Your level of caution is a bit excessive."
Bonnie raised an eyebrow and retorted, "And you're not?"
Ivor was momentarily speechless, then responded after a pause, 'I thought that after what we just went through, we were already friends. I didn't expect you to be so guarded against me. It makes me a bit sad.'
Bonnie smirked slightly and glanced at him. "You're sad? I can't tell. Why don't you cry for me to see?"
###Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027
Ivor was taken aback but quickly found a response. 'Forget it. Haven't you heard the saying 'men don't easily shed tears? I won't cry and embarrass myself."
The last time he was left speechless by someone was Bonnie herself. The leader of the Nidhogg Organization was brilliant and very sharp- tongued! 'Anyone who interacted with him probably wouldn't dare to become his opponent.'
Bonnie was disinterested in further conversation and started strolling ahead with her hands behind her back. "Let's head to the back of the mountain and see how the search for Falcon is going."
Collin tried to dissuade her. 'Mr. Boyd, the area is dangerous. You should wait at the hotel for the team to bring him back."
Bonnie stopped and turned to look at him with raised eyebrows. "Are you joking? Do I look like someone who retreats from danger? Besides, I fell into Falcon's trap because I was careless. If he used fair tactics, do you think he'd be a match for me?"
Collin thought it over and realized she was right. His boss was the top-tier figure in the organization. Falcon was nothing in comparison.
It was just that their boss had been busy with other matters in recent years and wasn't around much, making him almost forget how formidable she was.
Collin felt nostalgic for the days they fought side by side in the organization. He felt excited and wanted to join forces with her to capture Falcon. "Mr. Boyd, why don't we team up and catch Falcon in the mountain? It's been a while since we worked together, and I'd love to collaborate with you again."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows and accepted the idea. "Alright, but let's wait until we assess the situation."
"Yes, Mr. Boyd!" Collin nodded excitedly, following closely behind her.
Ivor also followed, his deep gaze fixed on Bonnie. 'I wonder what kind of person Mr. Boyd is in everyday life and what experiences he had gone through to become so strong and wise.'
Floyd noticed Ivor's gaze and frowned in confusion. He cautiously reminded, "Mr. Ivor, have you forgotten that you're already married to Ms. Bonnie?"
Ivor was briefly puzzled by the seemingly out-of-place question. "What are you talking about? How could I forget something so important?" Floyd glanced at Bonnie's back and said with a complex expression, "If you haven't forgotten, then why are you staring at the leader of the Nidhogg Organization? Are you interested in him?"
Ivor was utterly exasperated. 'I'm interested in him, but not in the way you think. Stop overthinking and don't go spreading nonsense to my honey, understand?"
Hearing this term of endearment, Bonnie suddenly stopped in her tracks.
###Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028
Did she mishear, or were the leaders of the Dark Knight Organization actually calling someone 'Honey'? Or was it just a similar-sounding name? Hearing this familiar term so unexpectedly in Yale gave her a strange sense of deja vu.
Noticing Bonnie's gaze, Ivor asked in confusion, "Why are you looking at me like that? Do you have something to say?"
Bonnie scrutinized the masked face of the Dark Knight Organization leader and thought she could faintly see a resemblance to Ivor. 'Could it be...?' Just as the suspicion arose in her mind, she dismissed it. Ivor was on a business trip in a neighboring city to Pyralis. He couldn't be here.
Her feeling of familiarity was probably just because she was used to Ivor calling her 'honey."
Shaking off her thoughts, Bonnie responded, "It's nothing. Let's head to the mountains."
Ivor was puzzled by her look and couldn't figure out why she was staring at him that way. Nonetheless, he didn't press the matter and followed silently behind them. Floyd glanced between Bonnie and Ivor, sensing something odd.
Half an hour later, the group arrived at the back of the mountain. The subordinates of the Nidhogg Organization greeted Bonnie with respect. "Mr. Boyd."
The subordinates of the Dark Knight Organization also greeted Ivor.
Bonnie and Ivor both nodded slightly in acknowledgment. Bonnie lifted her gaze towards the forest. 'Have you located Falcon yet?"
A subordinate responded, "We've already narrowed down the search area. It shouldn't be long before we capture them."
"In such a short time? Your efficiency is quite impressive," Bonnie remarked, turning to Collin. "Didn't you say it's been a long time since we fought side by side? Want to team up to catch Falcon? Then let's go."
Collin's eyes lit up with excitement at her words. "Great! With our teamwork, we'll catch Falcon in no time!"
"Hmm."
Bonnie smiled slightly, seeing his excitement, reminiscing about the old days in the organization when they fought together. The tension, the excitement, the challenge it was all exhilarating!
Ivor approached them. 'Do you need us to join you?"
Bonnie waved her hand and decisively refused. "No, this is our internal matter. You don't need to come."
Since she made it clear, Ivor didn't insist. "Alright, we'll wait for you here then."
"Okay."
Bonnie then gave Collin a look, and he followed her as they left together. Ivor watched her as she walked away. His eyes glinted.
###Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029
Considering his interests, Ivor wanted to go along to help and build a good relationship.
However, she blocked him with just the word "family matters." It was unclear if she had discerned his intentions and didn't want to give him any advantage. If that were the case, it would be problematic.
Following his gaze, Floyd looked at Bonnie and was momentarily stunned. "Mr. Ivor, are you reluctant to part with him?"
Ivor turned his head and gave Floyd a look, as if he were an idiot. "When we get back to Pyralis, I'll give you a day off. You should see an ophthalmologist."
Floyd didn't immediately understand what Ivor meant. "But, Mr. Ivor, there's nothing wrong with my eyes."
Ivor raised his eyebrows high. "Nothing wrong? Are you sure?"
"Nothing-"Floyd was about to finish his sentence when he suddenly realized what Ivor meant.
Seeing that Floyd had caught on, Ivor put on a stern face. "To reiterate, my interest in the Nidhogg Organization's leader is not what you think. Don't say anything shocking in front of me again, understood?"
Floyd knew Ivor's words were more of a warning, especially about not spouting nonsense in front of Ms. Bonnie. He quickly nodded in agreement. "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I won't say such things anymore."
"Good." Ivor gave him a slight sidelong glance before looking away and finding a place to sit. "We'll wait here."
"Yes, boss," Floyd replied, standing by his side.
Meanwhile, Bonnie and Collin were following the clues provided by their subordinates. Collin kept looking around and observing their surroundings. "Mr. Boyd, there doesn't seem to be any tracks here. Should we check somewhere else?"
Bonnie shook her head. "No need. We should pick places that don't show signs of passage to catch Falcon and his men off guard. That way, they won't have anywhere to run."
"Oh, so that's your plan? Got it," Collin nodded, his admiration for Bonnie growing. Though she hadn't been on missions for years, her tactical thinking was still sharp.
Despite having more recent experience, Collin realized his considerations weren't as thorough as hers. This reaffirmed why he followed her so loyally.
Bonnie suddenly spotted something and gestured to Collin. He understood immediately that someone was hiding behind a tree.
Once they were concealed, Bonnie whispered so only he could hear, "Falcon and his two accomplices are hiding in that pile of grass ahead. First, we need to confirm if they're armed. If not, we'll move in.'
"Got it," Collin replied softly, pulling out a mini binocular from his inner coat pocket and looking in the direction Bonnie indicated.
These binoculars were Bonnie's invention, providing a clear view even from a distance. One look through them revealed the situation on the other side in detail.
###Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030
Collin could easily see the situation with Falcon and his two accomplices. "From what I can tell, none of them have any large weapons. But since they are lying prone, it's hard to tell if they have any concealed weapons, like guns."
"Knowing they don't have large weapons is good enough," Bonnie said, beginning to lay out her plan. "You attack from the left, I'll attack from the right. We have to move quickly and not give them any chance to react. Otherwise, we might find ourselves in danger. Understand?"
Even though she and Collin could easily handle Falcon and his two accomplices, there were too many unknown variables. They had to be cautious and not underestimate their opponents.
"I understand, Mr. Boyd. I'll do my best to keep up with your speed," Collin said, feeling some pressure.
After all, his boss was incredibly fast, with movements that were hard to predict. She could usually incapacitate an enemy before they even realized what was happening. Keeping up with her would be a challenge.
"No worries, just be as quick as you can. I'm not expecting you to match my speed exactly," Bonnie said, her eyes narrowing with a sharp glint. Are you ready?"
Collin took a deep breath and quickly responded, "Ready!'
Bonnie lowered her voice and started counting down.
"Three."
"Two."
"One."
"Go!"
As soon as she finished, both shot out like arrows from a bow.
Hiding in the grass, Falcon suddenly felt a chill down his back. "Do you guys feel like it's a bit cold here?"
One of his accomplices gave him a look that suggested he was an idiot. "What's cold about hiding in a grass pile? I think there's something wrong with your brain, not the temperature."
Falcon glared at him. 'Who are you calling an idiot?"
The accomplice retorted, "Who else but you?"
Falcon was about to retort when another accomplice cut him off.
"Can you two shut up? Do you know what situation we're in? Stop arguing!"
Falcon calmed down and remembered that the Nidhogg Organization and Dark Knight Organization had surrounded the area. He frowned deeply. "In this situation, getting out of here will be tough"
"You think we don't know that? Stop talking nonsense and come up with a plan! How are we supposed to get out of here?"
The fear in the accomplice's angry voice was palpable. He was terrified of being captured and tortured.
"Don't rush. I have a backup plan, but I won't use it unless necessary, Falcon said, frowning tightly.
"What plan? Isn't now the time to use it? Do you want to wait until we're captured?" the accomplice said in frustration and anxiety.
"Calm down. We're well hidden here. Let's wait and see. If it comes to it, I'll use my plan," Falcon replied.
"Fine, just don't get us all caught, the accomplice muttered.
Just then, the accomplice noticed something was wrong. He instinctively turned around to look behind him. He screamed when he saw the sudden appearance of a dark figure.
Falcon frowned. "Why are you screaming? You'll attract them here."
###Chapter 1031
Chapter 1031
Falcon followed his accomplice's gaze as he spoke. The moment he saw Bonnie, he sprang up from the ground.
"B-Boss!"
Bonnie showed a fake smile. "Don't call me boss. We're not that close."
She then slowly approached Falcon with her hands in her pockets. "Falcon, hand over the chip, and I'll spare your life."
Falcon took a step back and touched his chest out of instinct. It was clear that he had hidden the chip there. Bonnie moved to attack before he could respond.
Falcon reacted quickly to defend himself, but Bonnie's relentless assault left him unable to retaliate, and he was soon overwhelmed.
Seizing the opportunity, Collin dashed forward and delivered a kick to Falcon's abdomen.
The force of the kick was immense, causing Falcon to spit out blood and nearly collapse. Collin approached him with an icy expression.
"Falcon! You treasonous dog! Hand over the chip now!"
Falcon clutched his chest and managed a defiant smile. "Why should I give up something I earned?" Collin's face grew even colder upon hearing this. "If you hadn't exploited our trust to sneak into the lab, do you think you would have had a chance to take the chip? Hand it over now, and we might consider leniency."
Falcon knew this was just a tactic to force his compliance, and he refused to be swayed. "Haha! I earned this chip. If you want it, come and take it."
This provocation ignited Collin's fury. Just as he was about to speak, Bonnie interrupted him.
"Don't waste words on him. Let's just take the chip."
Collin took a deep breath, suppressing his anger. "Understood, Mr. Boyd."
Bonnie acted swiftly, her hand clawing at Falcon's clothes. The force of her grip tore a piece of fabric from his shirt. With a ripping sound, the chip fell from its hidden place inside his shirt.
As Bonnie reached for it, Falcon's two accomplices leaped forward to shield him. Falcon caught the chip and held it tightly, attempting to negotiate with Bonnie.
"Boss, considering how long I've worked for you, even if I haven't done much, I've still put in effort. Could you give me this chip? I'm begging you, just let me off this once."
Bonnie laughed mockingly. "If you needed the chip that badly, you could have asked me before. I might have considered it. But now that you've stolen it, you're a traitor! I don't tolerate treachery.
"Hand over the chip and come back with me to face punishment, or your fate will be much worse."
Falcon heard her and took a step back while clutching the chip. "Then I'm sorry, boss."
He pulled a smoke bomb from his coat and tossed it at Bonnie's feet.
###Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032
When Falcon threw the smoke bomb, Bonnie immediately dodged but couldn't prevent the smoke from spreading. She immediately covered her mouth with her collar out of concern that the smoke might be poisonous.
Collin wasn't as quick to react and inhaled much of the smoke, causing him to cough violently.
"Cough, cough, cough"
Bonnie's eyes flashed with concern, hearing the continuous coughing beside her. She strode over and asked, "Collin, are you okay?"
"Cough, cough, cough-"
While coughing, Collin waved his hand. "I-I'm fine, Mr. Boyd. Don't worry about me. Catching Falcon is more important."
As the smoke began to clear, Bonnie scanned the surroundings with her sharp eyes. She spotted Falcon and his two accomplices fleeing in a panic. She swiftly drew the dagger from her boot and threw it at Falcon's shoulder.
With a "whoosh," the dagger struck Falcon's shoulder, causing blood to spurt and eliciting a scream from him.
"Aaah!"
Falcon could have endured such a wound without screaming under normal circumstances. However, Bonnie's precise strike targeted a particularly painful spot and caused him to cry uncontrollably.
Seizing the moment, Bonnie advanced quickly and kicked Falcon's shoulder, driving the dagger deeper. Falcon could not speak due to the intense pain, causing cold sweat to stream from his forehead.
Falcon, now barely able to stand, was supported by his two accomplices. Seeing his dire state, one whispered urgently, "Didn't you say you had a backup plan? You better use it now, or we'll be finished here."
Just as Falcon was about to respond, he saw Bonnie preparing to strike again. Desperately, he bit his lip and pulled a signal gun from his pocket, firing it into the air.
"B***-"
A red flare exploded in the sky, making Bonnie frown. It was a signal for reinforcements. 'Does Falcon have more allies coming to rescue him? This can't be allowed.'
Bonnie quickly pulled out a communicator and sent a message to her subordinates around the area. "Falcon is at the center of the forest. Close in from all sides and make sure to capture him."
She continued to chase Falcon while giving orders, her composure and calmness never wavering despite the chaotic situation.
Falcon's shoulder bled profusely, and his face turned ghostly pale.
Eyeing the chip in Falcon's hand, one of his accomplices urged, "Falcon, you're not going to make it. Why don't you give us the chip and card? If something happens to you, we can at least take care of your family,"
"No need," Falcon replied, taking a deep breath. "I got this myself, I'll keep it myself."
Seeing Falcon's determination, the two accomplices exchanged glances but didn't argue further. Soon, they found themselves cornered at the edge of a cliff.
###Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033
Below the cliff, a torrent of rapids surged. The two accomplices looked terrified as they turned to Falcon and asked, "Falcon, we're cornered. What do we do now?"
Falcon looked up into the sky as if he were looking for something. But when no signs appeared, his expression darkened.
He bit his lip and said determinately, "If it comes to it, we'll jump. We can't let them capture us. If they do, the consequences will be dire."
Upon hearing this, one of the accomplices looked at Bonnie with a fierce glint in his eyes. "We might as well fight to the death! We can take them down!"
Falcon chuckled as if he'd heard a joke. "It's not just that we can't beat my boss, there's also Collin. And once their reinforcements arrive, we'll have no chance."
Falcon's knowledge of the Nidhogg organization was more profound. His words turned the accomplices' faces pale.
"Is there really no other way?" one of them asked.
"There is," Falcon said, stepping closer to the cliff's edge. "We gamble on the jump. It's our only shot at escape."
The accomplices hesitated, unsure about Falcon's plan. "What if we jump and die-"
Falcon cut him off before he could finish. "If you don't want to jump, then wait here to be captured."
Seeing Falcon's determination, the accomplices reluctantly agreed. "Fine! We'll do as you say. If you jump, we jump!"
They had no better option.
Bonnie finally spoke up leisurely, "This cliff is high, and while there are rapids below, it looks very dangerous. Are you sure you want to jump? You stole the chip and got the money, indicating you want a better life. Do you really want to throw that all away?"
She slowly approached Falcon and his accomplices and spoke in a soft tone. "Hand over the stolen chip and money, and I'll spare your lives. As long as you're alive, there's always hope, right?"
Falcon knew Bonnie was trying to trick them and didn't fall for it. However, the two accomplices were swayed. They looked at the cliff and the rapids below, then at Bonnie standing not far away.
Finally, they decided to help Bonnie persuade Falcon. "Falcon, let's hand over the chip and card. Surviving is more important. If we live, we can always rebuild."
"Yeah, if we die, we get nothing. All our efforts will be for nothing!"
Falcon saw through their intentions immediately. "You're just afraid of dying. I won't force you. If you don't want to jump, don't. I'll jump alone."
The two accomplices protested, "You need to give us the chip and money! If we don't have it, they'll never let us go!"
Falcon stepped back and watched them warily. "I earned this chip and money. You can't have it."
Seeing his resolve, the accomplices moved to grab it from him.
As they wrestled, Bonnie's eyes flashed with sharp determination. She sprang forward, aiming to snatch the chip from Falcon's hand.
###Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034
Falcon noticed Bonnie's move out of the corner of his eye, and his expression changed. His eyes grew cold, and a shadow of deep malice flickered in them. He then shoved one of his accomplices toward Bonnie to block her.
Bonnie swiftly kicked the person aside and looked back at Falcon, only to see him leap off the cliff. As she rushed towards the edge, Falcon shot her a mocking smile.
Witnessing this, Bonnie's eyebrows knitted together, and her lips pressed into a tight line. Falcon was as slippery as an eel and disgustingly cunning,
Despite the cliff, the stream below gave Falcon a chance to survive. Jumping off the cliff wasn't necessarily fatal, but getting caught by her certainly would be. Likely, this realization drove Falcon's reckless leap.
As Falcon's figure disappeared from view, Bonnie immediately took out her signal transmitter to alert her subordinates, instructing them to head toward the stream and capture Falcon. Dead or alive, they had to find him.
Falcon might have escaped, but his two accomplices remained. They also considered jumping but were quickly subdued by the swift-acting Collin.
Collin asked Bonnie, after seeing only the two accomplices, "Mr. Boyd, where's Falcon?"
Bonnie glanced back at him, then looked towards the cliff. "He jumped."
Collin was momentarily stunned. "He's that fearless?"
"There's a stream below, not hard ground. Jumping might not kill him," Bonnie's eyes glinted with a cold light. "I've already ordered our men to head to the stream. They must bring Falcon back, even if it's just his body. If not, I'll keep searching."
Collin sensed the chill emanating from Bonnie and felt a pang of pity for Falcon. If Falcon had confessed and shown some remorse earlier, Bonnie might have given him a second chance due to their long history. But now, Falcon had pushed Bonnie too far.
Imagining Falcon's fate upon his return was daunting. No doubt, his punishment would be even harsher than what Bonnie originally intended.
Bonnie's gaze shifted to the two captives Collin had secured, and she spoke in a calm voice. "Take these two back for interrogation. They must know Falcon's next steps. Extract all information about him."
"Yes," Collin responded, immediately binding the two tightly. The knots were secure, leaving them no chance to escape.
While waiting for updates from her subordinates, Bonnie discovered a shortcut to the stream. She instructed Collin to hand over the captives to other team members and then proceeded.
As they reached halfway down the hill, a series of roars filled the air. When they looked up, they saw over a dozen helicopters circling. One had already landed by the stream, and two people were loading something onto it.
###Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035
Bonnie's brows furrowed deeper, and she quickly extended her hand towards Collin.
"Quick! Give me your binoculars."
Not understanding the urgency, Collin swiftly handed them over to Bonnie.
Bonnie adjusted the focus and looked ahead. The person being carried onto the helicopter by those two men was none other than Falcon, who seemed lifeless.
The people on the other side seemed to sense their presence. Immediately, someone in the helicopter hovering above opened a window and aimed a gun at them.
B***! B***! B***!
The shots were fired so unexpectedly that Collin would have been hit. However, Bonnie was quick and pressed Collin's head down behind a tree, narrowly avoiding the bullets. Collin swallowed nervously.
"Mr. Boyd, what's going on? Why are they attacking us? Don't they know we are from the Nidhogg Organization?"
"So what if they know? In the face of immense interests, even if our strength is formidable, they'll still take action," Bonnie replied, not expecting Falcon to have found backing so quickly. This miscalculation could have been prevented if she had anticipated it earlier.
"Immense interests?" Collin was puzzled for a moment. Then it dawned on him. "Mr. Boyd, are you referring to the chip and the 1.6 billion dollars?"
"What else?" Bonnie's lips curled into a cold smile, her eyes glinting with icy light.
"When this chip was developed, you wouldn't believe how many eyes were coveting it. But no one dared to make a move because it was kept at our headquarters. Hence, the chip remained safe. But everything's different now since Falcon has taken it out. People will protect Falcon with their lives to get the contents of that chip, making them our enemies."
Given that the Dark Kight Organization was willing to pay 1.6 billion for the chip, its value was clear.
It was no surprise that these people were going mad over its worth.
"Did Falcon anticipate this all along, which is why he dared to go against us?" Collin pondered, realizing he had underestimated Falcon. Falcon was cunning and intelligent, constantly slipping through their fingers just when they were about to catch him.
Bonnie tried to see the organization logo on the helicopter through the gaps in the trees using the binoculars, but it was too far to make out clearly. Therefore, she couldn't determine which organization was helping Falcon.
Collin followed her gaze. "Mr. Boyd, did you see which organization took Falcon?"
"No, it's too far to see clearly." Bonnie pocketed the binoculars. "Let's regroup with our men and plan our next move. Only by identifying the organization that took Falcon can we track him down. Staying here aimlessly won't help and might even pose a risk."
Collin thought it over and agreed, nodding. "You're right, Mr. Boyd. I'll tell the brothers to retreat. Once we're back, we'll discuss how to investigate the organization that rescued Falcon."
Bonnie responded with a simple "Hmm."
When they returned, Ivor saw them empty-handed and asked, "Where's Falcon? Didn't you catch him?"
###Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036
"No," Bonnie replied. Then she meticulously recounted everything that had transpired to Ivor.
Ivor raised his eyebrows and asked. "He managed to find support in such a short amount of time? Your subordinate is quite capable!"
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him after sensing a hint of sarcasm in his tone. "Given the situation now, there's no point in dwelling on it. We should focus on figuring out how to solve the current problem."
Ivor chuckled at her words. "So you do need my help after all. I thought you wouldn't want me to get involved."
Bonnie didn't rise to Ivor's teasing. "If you don't care about your 1.6 billion, you can leave. No one is forcing you."
Ivor hadn't joined Bonnie in capturing Falcon because he wanted to build goodwill with her, hoping to extend the chip loan period in the future. However, Bonnie's response seemed a bit ungrateful.
Still, he didn't want to quibble. The immediate priority was to find Falcon.
"Of course, I want the money," he said, pausing briefly before narrowing his deep-set eyes and sharing his plan. "We should post a bounty on the dark web and observe which organization reacts the most. This will help us deduce who took Falcon.
"Many organizations don't know about our alliance. Since we're both prominent on the international stage, learning about our cooperation will make them wary, leading them to possibly make mistakes. We can use these clues to uncover the truth."
Bonnie looked at Ivor with newfound respect. "That's a pretty good plan. I didn't think of that."
She had expended a lot of energy trying to capture Falcon and had just been through a fight, making it hard to think clearly.
"It's not that you didn't think of it; you're just exhausted," Ivor remarked, believing that with the Nidhogg leader's intelligence, coming up with such a plan would be easy.
Bonnie raised her finely shaped eyebrows. "I didn't expect you to understand me so well."
"It's not that I understand you; I trust your intellect and capabilities. Given your wit, it's impossible for you not to think of this," Ivor said.
Though they were both allies and rivals, he didn't shy away from giving credit where it was due.
Bonnie's eyebrows arched even higher. "I'm not sure if you're complimenting me or mocking me." Ivor laughed softly. "I'm complimenting you. When did I ever mock you?"
###Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037
"Your eloquence is quite impressive," Bonnie offered a mild compliment. However, it was merely a courteous exchange devoid of genuine sentiment.
"Is that so? Well, thank you for the compliment." Ivor's smile remained unchanged, but a closer look revealed that his eyes lacked any genuine amusement.
This was his way of cooperating with others, making him appear more approachable. In reality, his genuine smile was evident only in Bonnie's presence.
"You're welcome," Bonnie responded perfunctorily. She then glanced at her watch. "It's getting late. Let's head back. Otherwise, the road will be difficult to navigate when it gets dark."
"Head back just like that? Aren't we going to investigate further for any other clues?" Ivor had assumed Bonnie would start the process of issuing a bounty right there and then. He was surprised when she suggested leaving.
Floyd, who was standing nearby, echoed his sentiments. "We deployed so many people, and not only did we fail to capture Falcon, but we also didn't recover the 1.6 billion or the chip. Are we just going to give up now? We should keep searching; maybe we'll find some clues."
Ivor's eyes were as dark as ink and grew even colder at Floyd's words. Undoubtedly, they had been outsmarted by Falcon, leaving them in a frustratingly precarious situation.
'But, the most unsettling aspect is the Nidhogg Organization leader's overly calm demeanor. He should be persistently tracking them down, given that Falco might hand over the chip to his rescuers. Yet he suggested returning instead."
This led Ivor to question whether the Nidhogg Organization might be colluding with Falcon to swindle his money. Was this all just an elaborate ruse?
His eyes narrowed with suspicion as he looked at Bonnie. "What are you planning next? Are you really going to just leave and abandon the chip?"
"You mentioned posting a bounty on the dark web to monitor the organizations' actions. We don't even have the equipment here to do that," Bonnie replied, fully aware of Ivor's underlying suspicion but choosing not to address it directly, instead teasing him slightly.
"Just that measure? What if he sells the chip? The technology within it is precious. If someone fully replicates it, the chip becomes worthless." Ivor's brows furrowed deeply, his tone was more serious than ever.
"You're more concerned about my chip than your 1.6 billion. Why does it seem like you're more worried about my chip than I am?" Bonnie said, hinting at his concern.
"Considering our agreement, the technology within that chip is at least half mine. How could I not be worried?" Ivor admitted it frankly, showing no attempt to hide his concern for the chip.
Bonnie smiled. "Don't worry. Even if he sells the chip, they won't be able to decipher the technology right away,"
Ivor's suspicion turned to curiosity. "Why are you so certain? Is there something special about your chip?" Bonnie nodded slightly. "Yes, Falcon thinks my chip has only two layers of encryption. In reality, there are four. He has only cracked the first two layers, which contain basic and simple technologies. The critical elements are hidden behind the remaining two layers.
"With Falcon's skills, it will take him some time to break through. Moreover, I can precisely locate him
once he does. When that time comes, he won't be able to escape."
###Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038
The more Ivor listened, the more astonished he became. He hadn't realized how meticulously Bonnie had planned everything by considering all possible angles.
It dawned on him that when he had initially made a deal with Falcon, he might have unwittingly fallen into Bonnie's trap.
Bonnie spoke again. "Even if we can pinpoint his exact location, we might not be able to reach him immediately if he's far away. Therefore, we need to identify his general area and set up in advance to ensure the chip's technology isn't stolen."
She arched toward Ivor. "So, what do you think? Should we follow my plan, or do you have another way to track down your 1.6 billion?"
Ivor gathered his thoughts. "Falcon was once your subordinate. You understand him better than I do and can predict his next move. If I send people after him on my own, it might disrupt your plan and fail. It's best to follow your lead."
"Good. Since you agree, you must fully cooperate with me. If you disrupt the plan and affect our chances of capturing Falcon, it could lead to a serious fallout between us," Bonnie warned, giving Ivor a significant look. "I believe you don't want that outcome, right?"
"Of course. I prefer us to be allies rather than enemies," Ivor replied sincerely. After all, no one liked making enemies, especially someone as capable as Mr. Boyd, both in intellect and combat skills.
"How coincidental, I feel the same way." Bonnie shrugged lightly. "Now that I've said this, are you reassured? Can we head back now?"
"Yes, we can." Ivor paused, then added, "Once we're back, let's exchange contact information. We can communicate directly if any issues arise."
Bonnie gestured an OK. "No problem."
An hour later, Ivor and Floyd also returned to the hotel. Just before entering, Ivor turned to Floyd and asked, "How long have we been out on this trip?"
Floyd thought for a moment. "It's almost been a week."
"A week? That long?" Ivor furrowed his brows, reflecting on Bonnie, who was far away in Pyralis. His longing for her felt like a tight cord wrapping around his heart. "I wonder how my honey is doing? Does she miss me?"
He hadn't contacted Bonnie during this period, considering her focus on her research. When Bonnie worked on research, she often became entirely absorbed and neglected everything else.
He didn't want to disturb her. However, he was surprised at how quickly time had passed.
Floyd opened his mouth but remained silent, realizing he couldn't predict Bonnie's thoughts. He decided to keep quiet to avoid saying anything wrong.
Ivor stood there, lightly rubbing his chin as if contemplating something. After a moment, he spoke, "Book me a flight for tomorrow. I want to surprise honey. Tomorrow also happens to be our one-week wedding anniversary. I'll treat it as a celebration."
Floyd had no ions. "Alright, Mr. Ivor. I'll make the arrangements as soon as possible."
###Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039
"Don't just do it quickly, arrange it right now, or it'll be too late by tomorrow," Ivor said with a hint of urgency, revealing how much he wanted to see Bonnie.
Floyd also nodded slightly, "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I'll handle it immediately."
Meanwhile, Bonnie was sitting cross-legged on her bed, discussing with Collin which organizations in Yale might have rescued Falcon.
Collin said while resting his chin on his hand, "First, we need to rule out the smaller organizations. Even if they saw the huge profits in the chip, they wouldn't dare to make a move. Next, we need to consider the larger organizations."
Bonnie furrowed her brows and began to ponder. "There are indeed quite a few large organizations in Yale. I can't figure out who it could be off the top of my head."
"Ms. Bonnie, it's understandable that you can't remember. You haven't managed the organization in a long time," Collin thought for a moment and quickly came up with an idea. "How about I draft a list of potential organizations for you to analyze?"
"That works. We won't get anywhere just guessing," Bonnie said as she lazily leaned back against the bed. "Tracking Falcon is proving to be trickier than I thought. It looks like we won't be able to go home anytime soon."
Collin smirked teasingly upon hearing this. "Ms. Bonnie, are you missing Mr. Ivor? Is that why you seem so wistful?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Wistful? Where did you get that?"
As she spoke, the image of Ivor's handsome face flashed through her mind. She sighed slowly. "But honestly, it's the first time I've been away from him for so long. I do miss him a bit. It's kind of hard to get used to."
"Long? It hasn't been that long," Collin calculated. "We've been out of Pyralis for less than a week. How is that long?"
He exaggeratedly rubbed his arms, pretending to be grossed out. "Is this how you married folks are? So clingy?"
"How is that clingy? It's a normal reaction," Bonnie said, taking the opportunity to tease Collin. "Oh, I forgot. You're single. Single people like you wouldn't understand our feelings."
Collin was speechless for a full ten seconds before he found his voice again. "Boss, you guys can be all lovey -dovey. I didn't say anything. Why the personal attack? That's really hurtful, you know?"
"Really? I didn't see you looking hurt," Bonnie retorted, continuing to tease him. Then, as if struck by a thought, she frowned. "But seriously, in the past few days, Ivor has only called me once. Could he be dealing with some difficult issue?"
Usually, Ivor would call her at least three times a day and send dozens of messages when he was on a business trip. But in the past few days, there hadn't even been a single message, let alone a video call. This was very unusual.
Collin joked, "Could Mr. Ivor have found a new lover? Is that why he doesn't have time for you?"
###Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040
Bonnie gave him a sharp look without hesitation. "Don't talk nonsense. He's not that kind of person."
Although she often teased Ivor with similar remarks at home, she trusted his character completely. Those words were just jokes. She never believed Ivor would betray her or seek out other women.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk," Collin shook his head and commented, "You're a husband protector."
Bonnie lifted her chin, her expression filled with pride and confidence. "Of course. If I don't protect my own man, should I expect you to?"
Collin waved his hands frantically, "No, no, I wouldn't dare think that."
After all, someone as capable as Mr. Ivor wouldn't need his protection. He understood that Bonnie's words were just a retort. But truthfully, he didn't dare think that way.
Bonnie gave him another sharp look. "Shut up. Listening to you gives me a headache."
Collin chuckled awkwardly and mimed zipping his lips.
Bonnie took out her phone from the drawer. "I need to call him and see if he's facing any difficulties. Maybe there's something I can help with."
'Ivor always wanted to bear it himself by keeping everything inside, no matter what he encountered. I need to ask him. Otherwise, he would never tell me!'
"Someone as impressive as Mr. Ivor probably wouldn't encounter anything he couldn't handle, right? Maybe he's just too busy to call you." Collin tried to comfort her, seeing the worry etched on her face.
Bonnie suddenly remembered how Ivor used to compress his work schedule to return to her as soon as possible during business trips.
"Being too busy is a possibility, but I'll call him to make sure. Otherwise, I won't feel at ease."
"Do you need me to leave?" Collin pointed towards the door.
Considering how Ivor liked to whisper sweet nothings in her ear, Bonnie thought it might be awkward if Collin overheard. So, she waved him away.
"You should leave. I'll make the call."
"Okay." Collin didn't say anything further and got up to leave.
Just as Bonnie was about to call Ivor, a video call request popped up on her screen. The caller was none other than Ivor himself.
Instinctively, she almost pressed the answer button. But then she remembered she was still in disguise and stopped just in time.
Taking a deep breath to compose herself, she switched the call from video to audio and asked in her usual tone, "What's up?"
###Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041
Ivor furrowed his eyebrows when he saw Bonnie switch from video to audio.
"Honey, why didn't you answer the video call? Don't you want to see me?"
Bonnie responded with a smile, "You've been away from home for so long, do you think I wouldn't miss you? I was just about to call you, but you beat me to it. Isn't that telepathy?"
Ever since marrying Ivor, Bonnie's behavior became much bolder and more straightforward, unlike before when she was more reserved.
Ivor was quite pleased that Bonnie said she missed him. However, looking at the dark screen, her words lacked conviction.
"If you miss me, why not switch on the video to see me? It makes me wonder if you're just saying that to make me happy, and you don't actually miss me."
Bonnie had already prepared an excuse in her mind, so she wasn't nervous when she heard Ivor's words. "I've been doing some research for a few days and look a bit disheveled. I was worried that seeing me like this might scare you, so I switched to audio. I didn't expect you to think I didn't miss you."
Ivor quickly replied, "I don't mind. No matter how you look, I like you all the same."
"You might not mind, but I do. Which girl doesn't want to show her best self in front of the person she loves?" Bonnie said this to make Ivor happy.
Soon, the man's hearty laughter came from the other end, clearly showing how pleased he was with Bonnie's words. "Honey, you're really becoming... more irresistible."
Bonnie smiled helplessly at Ivor's happy voice.
"By the way, why haven't you called or messaged me for so long? Did you run into some serious problems during your business trip?"
"No, the issues have been mostly resolved. I'll be back tomorrow, and I'll give you a big surprise."
The surprise was still intact because Ivor told Bonnie simply that he would be returning and not that he was arranging a surprise for their one-week wedding anniversary.
"Y-You're coming back tomorrow?" Bonnie was so shocked by the news that her voice trembled slightly. She was currently in Yale. If Ivor returned tomorrow, could she make it back in time? If not, wouldn't she be caught?
"What's wrong? Are you not available tomorrow? If it's inconvenient, I can adjust my schedule," Ivor said, thinking Bonnie should be able to find some time even if he returned. But he felt something strange in her tone.
"No, it's not inconvenient at all. It's just that my research is at a critical stage, and I didn't expect you to come back tomorrow. It's a bit surprising, but if you're coming back, that's fine.
"I'll finish my research early, though it might be a bit late. If you get back earlier, just wait at home for me.
Bonnie said this to buy herself some time. The time from now until tomorrow was very tight, and if she couldn't make it back in time, she would be in trouble.
"Sure, take your time with your research. I'm okay with that." Ivor thought it would be good if Bonnie came back a bit late, giving him more time to prepare a romantic surprise.
"Alright, I'll get back to work. Message me when you arrive tomorrow, and I'll try to come back as soon as I can." Bonnie hung up and quickly called Collin back in.
"Collin, check if there are any flights from Yale to Pyralis tonight or tomorrow morning. I need to get back as soon as possible."
Seeing her urgency, Collin didn't dare delay and immediately took out his phone to check the flights.
"Ms. Bonnie, it's the peak travel season. Most flights from Yale to Pyralis are fully booked." Bonnie furrowed her brows profoundly and asked, "Is there not a single seat left?"
###Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042
"There's not a single seat left. The only tickets available are for the day after tomorrow, and even those are going fast," Collin said, puzzled by Bonnie's urgency. "Ms. Bonnie, why are you suddenly in such a hurry to go back? Is something wrong in Pyralis?"
Bonnie's usually calm voice was now tinged with anxiety. "Ivor said he would return tomorrow. I need to get back as soon as possible; I can't afford to delay too long."
Seeing Bonnie so anxious was a rare sight, and Collin quickly started brainstorming solutions. "How about we arrange a private jet from Yale? That would save us more time."
Bonnie hesitated. "But that would attract too much attention. I don't want Falcon and the organization helping him to know I'm returning; it might make them even more reckless."
"Then... with no flights available, what should we do?" Collin was frustrated and scratched the back of his head.
Bonnie thought for a moment. "Keep an eye on the flights. See if anyone cancels their ticket between now and tomorrow. If there's any availability, grab it immediately, no matter the time."
"What if, there are still no tickets in the end?" Collin voiced his biggest concern.
"If it comes to that, we'll use the private jet," Bonnie said, knowing that she had to consider every detail during this critical period. A single mistake could mean losing the best chance to retrieve the chip. "Understood, Ms. Bonnie. I'll keep watching for tickets now." Collin took out his phone to monitor the flight availability.
Meanwhile, Ivor was facing the same problem. No tickets were available through any channel.
He furrowed his brow, his face clouded with displeasure. "But I've already told honey. How can there be no tickets at this crucial moment?"
Floyd explained, "It seems to be due to the peak travel season. There's a high demand for flights from Yale to Pyralis, and more people are traveling during the winter holidays. All the tickets have been booked."
Ivor's frown deepened as he got up from the sofa and sat back down, clearly restless. He had promised to surprise Bonnie, but there were no flights available.
As he pondered this, a thought suddenly flashed through his mind, and his eyes lit up. "Arrange a private jet for the return trip immediately. We need to move fast."
"Understood, I'll arrange it right away." Floyd quickly went out to make the arrangements.
Everything was set up within minutes. "Mr. Ivor, it's all arranged. We can depart now."
"Good," Ivor replied, getting up and following Floyd to the location to board the private jet back to Pyralis.
Just as Ivor departed, Bonnie received the news.
"The leader of the Dark Knight organization just left on a private jet? This timing is too coincidental."
She was still contemplating whether to use a private jet herself when the leader of the Dark Knight Organization left ahead of her. 'Was this a coincidence or something else...?"
Upon hearing this, Collin advised, "Ms. Bonnie, maybe you should also take the private jet. After all, it will take Falcon some time to crack those four code locks. Leaving for a bit shouldn't make much difference."
###Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043
"How's it going over there? Any open tickets?" Bonnie furrowed her brows, feeling both hesitant and conflicted.
"I'll check again," Collin replied, glancing down at his phone. "Still nothing."
Bonnie pressed her fingers to her temples in frustration. "It looks like I'll have to take the private jet. But we need to keep it under wraps and make sure they don't know we're heading back. Even though it might not make much difference if I'm away for a bit, it's better to keep it secret."
"Got it. We'll follow your plan." Collin, not wanting to make any decisions on his own, asked again, " Should I prepare the private jet now?"
Bonnie nodded. "Yes, go ahead."
Collin immediately started making arrangements with her approval.
Half an hour later, Bonnie had packed everything and boarded the private jet back to Pyralis.
Ivor landed before Bonnie. Alfred was there to greet him as soon as he arrived. "Mr. Ivor."
Without waiting for Ivor to ask, Alfred began updating him on Bonnie's status. "Ms. Bonnie has been out most of the time recently and hasn't returned home."
Ivor nodded knowingly. "She's been busy with her research at the lab, and there's no point in her coming back with me not being home."
"I figured Ms. Bonnie must have informed you. I just wanted to keep you updated," the butler explained, knowing it was his duty to report. After all, Ivor had instructed him to take good care of Bonnie before he left. With Bonnie leaving soon after, he felt he owed an explanation.
"No worries, I understand." Ivor acknowledged the butler's intentions and didn't say much more after a brief response.
After resting on the sofa for a bit, he called Alfred over again. "Tonight, gather all the household staff to help me with something. Time is tight, and the more people we have, the better. We need to get everything done by tomorrow afternoon."
"What's the urgent task, Mr. Ivor?" Alfred inquired.
Ivor's lips curled into a slight smile. "I haven't been home for nearly a week. Now that I'm back, I want to give honey a big surprise."
Alfred nodded. "Alright, Mr. Ivor. Just tell me what needs to be done, and I'll instruct the staff accordingly,"
"Good." Ivor beckoned the butler closer. "Come here, I'll explain what I need."
Alfred leaned in as Ivor detailed his plan, which took a good 10 minutes to outline fully.
When he finished, Alfred smiled helplessly. "Mr. Ivor, you really know how to be romantic. I have a feeling Mrs. Bonnie will be moved to tears by your gesture."
"She won't cry," Ivor said, smiling at the thought of Bonnie. "With her personality, do you really think she'd cry?"
Reflecting on Bonnie's strong character, the butler shook his head. "You're right, it's unlikely she'd cry..."
"On such a happy occasion, why would I want to make her cry? I want to see her smile." Ivor said, laughing softly. "Alright, don't delay any further. Go ahead and make the arrangements."
###Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044
Ivor couldn't bear to see Bonnie cry, even if it was from being moved to tears.
"Yes, yes." Alfred knew Ivor was in a great mood, and he also smiled. "Mr. Ivor, I'll mobilize the villa staff to get started on this task right away."
"Go ahead." Ivor then headed to the study to tackle the backlog of company matters.
A few hours later, Bonnie's plane landed. She first went back to Verdant Valley Retreat to remove all her disguises and then made a quick call to the lab at the research institute to check in. Only then did she fully relax.
Throughout the journey, her mind had been on edge. She was worried that Ivor might suddenly call her, and she wouldn't be able to get back in time. Fortunately, he hadn't called, and she landed without incident.
After ensuring Bonnie's safe return, Collin prepared to head back to his apartment. "Ms. Bonnie, now that you're safely home, I'll be heading back. I'll let you know immediately if there's any news from Falcon." "Alright, you go on. I'm going to rest for a bit." Bonnie yawned lazily. The past few days dealing with Falcon had left her sleep-deprived. She felt the fatigue wash over her as she was back in her own home. "Okay, bye, Mrs. Bonnie," Collin replied. He then opened the door and left.
Bonnie sprawled on the sofa, draped a blanket over herself, and quickly fell asleep.
The following day, Ivor went to a flower shop early to pick out flowers before heading to Bonnie's research institute to find her. He was beaming the entire way there, his whole demeanor radiating joy.
Floyd noticed this and teased, "Mr. Ivor, you must really miss Mrs. Bonnie. You're practically wearing your eagerness on your face."
Ivor gave him a mild look. "Mind your own business!"
Despite his words, there was no anger in his expression. Floyd smiled but wisely chose not to comment further.
An hour later, they arrived at the research institute. The security guard recognized Ivor and immediately allowed them in. The researchers inside, busy with their work, were surprised to see him.
"Mr. Ivor, is there something important you need?" one of the professors asked.
Ivor looked around but didn't see Bonnie. He furrowed his brows and asked, "I'm here to see Bonnie. Isn't she in the lab?"
The professors exchanged puzzled glances. Bonnie hadn't been to the lab in some time. Why would Mr. Ivor come here looking for her? But being tactful, none of them dared to speak up right away.
Ivor pressed more urgently after sensing something off, "Where is Bonnie? I need to see her right now."
###Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045
The professors exchanged uneasy glances, none willing to speak up. Ivor narrowed his eyes, considering barging in, but restrained himself out of respect for Bonnie's research institute.
"Can any of you professors tell me where Bonnie is? She said she's been working on a major project in the lab these past few days, but I can't see her anywhere. Has something happened to her?"
The professors, who were already cautious, became even more reluctant to speak. Saying the wrong thing could offend Bonnie, and no one wanted to be responsible for that. However, Ivor's imposing presence made silence equally inappropriate.
Finally, one professor suggested quietly, "Someone should go inside and call Ms. Bonita to ask her how to handle this situation."
"But... if we leave under Mr. Ivor's watch, won't he become suspicious?" Another professor doubted the feasibility of the plan.
The first professor gave him a stern look. "You fool! Just make an excuse to check on the experiment's progress. Who told you to tell the truth?"
Realizing the suggestion, the second professor responded, "Oh, I get it. I'll call Ms. Bonita right away." Clearing his throat, the professor adjusted his demeanor and addressed Ivor, "Mr. Ivor, I need to check on the experiment's progress inside. You can talk to the others while I'm gone."
The professor dashed away without waiting for a response. As Ivor watched his hasty retreat, he became more suspicious. 'Where could Bonnie be? Why were these professors so evasive?'
Ivor's lips pressed into a thin, stern line, and his gaze became as deep and unreadable as a dark ocean. The atmosphere grew increasingly tense until Toby emerged from inside, looking puzzled at the gathered professors.
"Don't you all have your own tasks today? Why are you standing around here?"
The professors tried to signal Toby with their eyes when they saw him. "Uh, wasn't Ms. Bonita just in the lab with you? We can't find her now. Did she tell you where she went?"
Realizing Ivor's presence, Toby recalled Bonnie's earlier instructions and calmly replied, "Oh, Ms. Bonita? She's been exhausted from the experiments and went home to rest. She mentioned that Mr. Ivor would be returning today and wanted to be well-rested for your rare visit."
Feigning surprise at seeing Ivor, he continued, "Mr. Ivor, you're back so soon! Should I call Ms. Bonita and let her know, so she can prepare?"
Ivor's sharp gaze scrutinized Toby to seek the truth. "Prepare for what?"
Toby was taken aback by Ivor's intense gaze and felt his heart skip a beat. However, he maintained his composure and answered, "Well, every girl likes to look her best in front of the one she loves. Ms. Bonita is no exception.
"She felt disheveled from spending days in the lab, so she went home to freshen up. She would want to look her best when seeing you. Since you're back earlier than expected, I should call her to give her a heads -up."
This explanation matched what Bonnie had previously mentioned; hence, it eased Ivor's suspicions
slightly. Just as he was about to say something, the professor who had gone to call Bonnie returned while frowning.
"Hey, Ms. Bonita's phone is '
###Chapter 1046
The other professors started coughing as soon as the professor started speaking, trying to warn him to be careful.
“Cough, cough, cough—”
The coughing echoed throughout the research institute, creating quite a spectacle. The professor shut his mouth as soon as he realized what they were trying to say and concluded that it would be best to leave things unsaid.
Ivor raised an eyebrow in curiosity upon seeing this. "What's going on with you all...?"
He had almost dismissed his suspicions, but the professors' strange behavior reignited his unease. It felt like they were hiding something from him about Bonnie.
Sensing the tension, Toby quickly intervened. "Mr. Ivor, recently our professors here have caught a bad case of the flu and have been coughing non-stop for days. You should leave quickly to avoid getting infected."
"Caught the flu?" Ivor's worry for Bonnie was evident. "What about Bonnie? Did she catch it too?"
"Ms. Bonita has been very careful with her protective measures. She always wears a mask when she comes to the institute, so she hasn't been infected," Toby replied while avoiding direct eye contact with Ivor, afraid his lie would be detected.
Ivor sighed with relief. "As long as she's not infected."
He then looked at the group of professors and politely said, "If you're all sick, please rest well. I'll take my leave now."
"Goodbye, Mr. Ivor." Toby waved as Ivor nodded slightly and left with Floyd.
Once they were gone, the professors collectively exhaled in relief. One professor turned to Toby and asked, "Ms. Bonita hasn't been at the institute these past few days. Where did she go? Why did Mr. Ivor come here looking for her?"
Other professors echoed their confusion.
"Yeah, Ms. Bonita is usually either in the lab or with Mr. Ivor. Now that Mr. Ivor is looking for her and she's not here, could there be trouble in their relationship?"
"Yes, this is quite unusual."
As the professors continued speculating, Toby interrupted, "Enough! Stop jumping to conclusions! If Ms. Bonita isn't here, she must have her reasons. Our job is to cover for her, not to pry or gossip." 
The professors quickly agreed, realizing the importance of their support.
"Right, if Ms. Bonita asked us to keep Mr. Ivor in the dark, she must have a very good reason, possibly related to some important international matter. She wouldn't do this without a significant cause." 
"Exactly. Ms. Bonita is always involved in critical work that advances humanity. It's likely due to confidentiality if she didn't inform Mr. Ivor."
"Alright, everyone, let's get back to our work. The fact that Mr. Ivor didn't suspect anything means we handled it well. Let's focus on completing this phase of the experiment."
"Absolutely. I still have to finish my part. Time to get back to it."
With that, the professors returned to their respective tasks.
Meanwhile, Ivor sat with a pensive expression in the Maybach parked outside the research institute.
Sensing his boss's mood through the rearview mirror, Floyd hesitantly asked, "Mr. Ivor, are you thinking that the professors' responses about Ms. Bonita's whereabouts were a bit off? Almost like they were evasive?" 
###Chapter 1047
Ivor did not deny it. "Yes, don't you think their behavior was strange? Like they were hiding something?"
After seeing the professors, he had a nagging feeling that Bonnie hadn't been in the research institute while he was away. But where could she have gone if she wasn't at the institute?
"I noticed it too, but I can't figure out their motive," Floyd replied, frowning and confused.
Ivor remained silent for a moment before saying, "Let's go back."
Floyd was taken aback, not fully understanding Ivor's intent. "Just go back? We're not going to wait here?"
"Wait?" Ivor glanced at him coolly. "Wait for what?"
Floyd was momentarily speechless.
Indeed, what were they waiting for? Though they sensed something odd about the professors, they had no concrete evidence that they were covering for Bonnie. And even if they waited, they wouldn't necessarily get a definitive answer. It would be better to head back.
Noticing Floyd was still in a daze, Ivor's tone hardened. "Drive. Let's go."
Floyd snapped back to reality and quickly replied, "Yes, Mr. Ivor, I'm driving now."
Upon returning, Ivor continued supervising the preparations.
Meanwhile, Bonnie was in a deep sleep when the piercing ring of her phone startled her awake. The relentless ringing made it impossible for her to go back to sleep. She groped for her phone, answered the call groggily, and asked, "Hello, who is this?" 
"Ms. Bonita, it's me, Toby!" Relieved that she finally answered, Toby quickly recounted how Ivor had come to the lab looking for her.
"Ivor went to the lab to find me?" Bonnie sat up abruptly, glancing at the time and feeling shocked. "I slept from yesterday afternoon until today? And I missed so many calls!"
She never used to sleep so deeply; it must have been due to her exhaustion over the past few days.
Toby didn't know how to respond upon hearing this. "Ms. Bonita, I've told you everything I needed to. Handle it as you see fit. I'm not sure how else I can help with your situation with Mr. Ivor." 
"It's fine. Thank you for informing me." Bonnie thought, grateful she had briefed Toby before sleeping; otherwise, her situation could have been much more awkward.
Bonnie then freshened up, put on some light makeup, and changed into a dress. She then drove to the Knight Residence alone. She knew today's events would surely make Ivor suspicious, but she was confident she could smooth things over with a bit of sweet talk. 
As she thought about seeing the man she hadn't seen in days, she smiled helplessly. She stepped on the gas, speeding towards her destination.
Ivor was busy instructing the servants on the preparations when Alfred rushed in at the Knight Residence.
"Mr. Ivor, Mrs. Bonnie is here. She's at the gate, but we haven't finished the preparations. What should we do?"
###Chapter 1048
"Bonnie? She's here so soon?" Ivor glanced around the hall. "The rest of the arrangements are almost done. You all keep working on them; I'll go see Bonnie."
"Yes, Mr. Ivor," the butler immediately responded.
Ivor stood up from the sofa and walked briskly toward the door. Just before reaching the doorway, he slowed his pace. It had been a whole week since he last saw Bonnie.
'Did she miss me? What will our reunion be like?'
Various emotions flooded his mind, causing him to quicken his pace once again. Regardless of his feelings or impressions, nothing could surpass his urgent desire to see Bonnie.
When he arrived at the door, he saw Bonnie wearing a black dress with her long hair flowing. He felt as if everything around them had lost its color, leaving only Bonnie before his eyes.
Caught in Ivor's intense gaze, Bonnie blushed, which made her cheeks turn slightly red.
"Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?" His gaze was so direct, as if he wanted to devour her whole.
Ivor replied, "Yes."
Bonnie didn't immediately grasp his meaning. "Yes? Yes, what?"
Before she could react, Ivor reached out and lifted her off the ground. "There's something on your face—my favorite expression."
With her body suddenly suspended in the air, Bonnie was momentarily stunned. Then she heard what he said and felt her cheeks burn even hotter. "It's been a week, and you're still so smooth with your words." 
Ivor smirked and carried Bonnie inside. "It's not being smooth; it's..."
"Telling the truth," Bonnie interjected. "You always use the same phrases. Can't you change it up a bit?"
Ivor's lips curled into a pleased smile. "Then what do you want to hear? Should I go learn something new and tell you when I come back?"
"Aren't you already self-taught? What else is there to learn?" Bonnie wrapped her arms around his neck and glanced around. She noticed that he had brought her to the backyard, raising her eyebrows in surprise. 
"Why are we here in the backyard? Shouldn't we go to the front hall?"
Ivor blinked mysteriously. "Guess."
Seeing through his little scheme, Bonnie teased, "I guess... your surprise for me isn't ready yet."
"You've guessed it?" Ivor chuckled. "My clever honey. Let's stay in the backyard for a while. We'll go over it once the staff finishes the preparations." 
Bonnie raised an eyebrow playfully. "It's not a special day today. Is it necessary to make it so grand?"
Ivor pretended to sigh helplessly. "You don't even know what day it is? That disappoints me a little."
Bonnie pondered for a moment but couldn't recall anything significant about the day. "Are you implying that today marks a week since we last met?"
###Chapter 1049
She laughed helplessly as she spoke. Wasn't the excuse of preparing a surprise a bit far-fetched?
"Not only that," Ivor said, lowering his head to look at Bonnie. His gaze was intense, as if containing vast galaxies. "Today is also the one-week anniversary of our marriage."
Bonnie's smile became even more pronounced. "I've only heard of one-year anniversaries, not one-week anniversaries. You went to such lengths just to prepare a surprise for me."
Ivor smiled. "I thought I would use today, our one-week anniversary, as an excuse to want to spend some romantic time with you. We were only married for a short time and had to be apart for work. I didn't expect you to tease me like this."
With that, Ivor pretended to sigh despondently.
Bonnie knew Ivor was pretending, but she still had to coax him. Cradling his face, she smiled and said, "I was just teasing you. I'm really happy that you prepared a surprise for me."
Ivor didn't respond but chuckled softly and carried Bonnie into the backyard.
In an instant, Bonnie was greeted with the fragrance of flowers enveloping them. She saw roses all over the courtyard.
Bonnie patted Ivor's arm. "Can you put me down? I want to take a look at the flowers in the yard."
"Sure." Ivor complied and set Bonnie down.
Bonnie ran into the flower bushes. Her skirt swayed elegantly with her movements, like an elf dancing among the flowers, appearing exceptionally beautiful.
Ivor looked like he was in a trance as he watched Bonnie. If she were a flower, he would willingly be her nourishment, allowing her to bloom beautifully.
Bonnie gently touched the petals, then looked at Ivor with joy. "When were these flowers planted in the backyard? Why didn't I know about it?"
She had planned to use this fertile land to grow herbs but had been too busy with her research to till the soil. She hadn't expected that in such a short time, the place would be filled with roses, all in full bloom. 
"These were planted before we got married." Ivor slowly approached Bonnie from behind.
He wrapped his arm around her slender waist. "Originally, I wanted to surprise you on our wedding day, but the flowers grew too slowly. I couldn't surprise you on that day. It's only now that these flowers are in full bloom." 
Bonnie hadn't expected that Ivor had quietly done so much for her behind her back.
"Did you plant all the roses in the courtyard?"
"Yes, I planted them together with the staff from the old house," Ivor said as he tightened his grip around Bonnie's waist. "Do you like them?"
"Of course, how could I not like flowers planted by you?" Bonnie's eyes were bright. Seizing the opportunity when Ivor wasn't paying attention, she leaned over and planted a kiss on his lips. 
"Ivor, thank you."
Ivor was initially taken aback. He then squeezed Bonnie's chin and gave her a passionate kiss after realizing what was going on.
Bonnie's eyelids trembled slightly, feeling the man's fierce strength and action. However, she didn't evade but instead wrapped her arms around the man's neck and returned the kiss.
The two kissed in the backyard, filled with the fragrance of roses. Rose petals fluttered in the breeze and made ripples.
Ivor looked at Bonnie's slightly flushed cheeks and sighed, "Honey, you're so beautiful."
Waiting for the warmth to fade from her face, Bonnie raised her eyebrows and asked teasingly, "Are you implying that I'm not beautiful on ordinary days?"
###Chapter 1050
"Normally, you're beautiful, but you're even more beautiful like this, to the point where I can't take my eyes off you." While saying this, Ivor stared straight into Bonnie's eyes, his gaze filled with deep affection.
Bonnie awkwardly shifted her gaze away, and a blush spread across her cheeks. "I don't want to hear your smooth-talk anymore," she said.
Ivor was about to say something when the phone in his pocket vibrated.
He took out his phone and glanced at it. It was a message from Alfred.
“Mr. Ivor, everything is ready. You can bring Ms. Bonnie over now.”
After reading it, Ivor put the phone back, took Bonnie's hand, and headed toward the hall. "Let's go to the front hall."
Bonnie turned her head to ask him, "Is everything ready?"
"Yes, it's all set, but the timing was a bit rushed. I don't know if it will be surprising enough for you."
Ivor's voice contained a hint of nervousness. It was clear that he was trying his best to make things perfect, but the time constraints were challenging.
"My standards aren't that high," Bonnie said, looping her arm through Ivor's. "The garden full of roses you planted for me was already enough to surprise me."
"No, it's not enough," Ivor said as they arrived at the front gate, seeming even more nervous than Bonnie. He took a deep breath. "Are you ready, honey?"
Bonnie laughed. "What's there to prepare for? Are you going to scare me?"
"Whether it's a surprise or a scare, it's up to you to decide. But I wouldn't prepare a scare for you," Ivor said, pushing the gate open with force.
A burst of light flooded Bonnie's eyes. It took her a moment to adjust to the sudden brightness, and she instinctively raised her hand to shield her eyes. After a few seconds, she slowly lowered her hand. 
What she saw made her serene eyes ripple with emotion.
The entire villa was covered in colorful lights, and various delicate ornaments were placed in every corner, making it look like a dreamy and beautiful castle. Bonnie loved these peculiar little ornaments, and seeing so many of them all at once made her smile uncontrollably. 
She walked over, picked up one of the ornaments from the table, and played with it lovingly.
Seeing her smile, Ivor smiled, too. "I knew you'd like these. Every time I went on a business trip abroad or to a place you hadn't been to, I'd take the time to collect these little things. It's taken me until now to gather so many. Do you like them?" 
There was no need to ask. He already had his answer from Bonnie's smile, but he still wanted to hear Bonnie's evaluation of the gift he had prepared for her.
"I love them," Bonnie said casually, but each item she picked up touched her heart deeply. It was evident how much effort Ivor had put into preparing this gift for her.
"Good to hear. It wasn't in vain for me to collect them for so long." Ivor said as he walked over and gently wrapped his arm around Bonnie's shoulder. "Come on, let's go see what's in the dining room."
Bonnie raised an eyebrow playfully. "Another surprise?"
"It's not exactly a surprise. You'll see when you get there," Ivor said, holding Bonnie's hand as they walked toward the dining room.
Just as they reached the entrance, they heard a "click" as the lights were turned off, leaving only the candles on the table burning gently, casting a dim and intimate light.
###Chapter 1051
Bonnie asked, "Is your last surprise for me a candlelight dinner?"
"Yeah, it is," he said smilingly. "I cooked all the dishes you see. Make sure to eat them all, okay?"
Before she could say anything, he added, "I should've started with dinner. It's been a while since I cooked, so you can't complain if some dishes taste funny."
"Why would I do something like that?" Bonnie pulled out a chair and sat down. "Let's dig in and see if your cooking skills are as good as they once were."
"All right." Ivor sat down and put a piece of cut steak on her plate.
Bonnie wasted no time and ate the steak. However, Ivor feared he did not cook it well enough, so he asked, "How is it?"
She met his nervous gaze and deliberately kept him on the hook. "Well, I—"
As expected, his body stiffened. Bonnie's eyes sparkled with joy as she said, "It melted in my mouth, and you seasoned it perfectly."
Ivor sighed in relief when he realized she was teasing him. He could not help but chuckle and say, "Jeez, Bonnie. I can't believe you made fun of me when you know how much I care about your opinions."
"Hey, you've always done the same to me. I didn't know you couldn't take a joke," Bonnie retorted before eating more of her steak.
Ivor was delighted to receive her approval regarding his cooking skills. He noticed how much she enjoyed the steak and dug into his meal. Of course, he remembered to offer her more throughout dinner.
The couple created a heartwarming and romantic atmosphere. Soon after, Ivor uncorked a bottle of red wine and poured some of it into his wife. He said, "I took this wine from the cellar. It had plenty of time to mature, so it tastes best now. Here, have some."
Bonnie swirled her wine glass and said, "I remember how potent this wine is. Are you trying to get me drunk? That must be why you chose this one." 
Ivor grinned. "I seem to recall you being a good drinker. How can I make you drunk with just a bottle of wine? The timing just feels right for this wine, that's all." 
"Are you sure about that?" Bonnie knew what he was trying to do but did not say it aloud.
"Of course I am. Do you think I have an ulterior motive?" Ivor raised his glass and clinked it with hers. "Cheers."
"Cheers, Ivor." Bonnie clinked her glass with his and downed her wine.
Ivor was stunned when he saw that. "Why'd you drink it all?"
She looked at him, puzzled. "You said cheers, didn't you?"
He facepalmed. "It's just a saying. I didn't think you'd down the whole glass. You can be so weird sometimes, honey."
She rolled her eyes. "Are you sure I'm the weird one here, or is it another of your tricks?"
A moment later, she massaged her brows and felt her temperature rising. She even felt a little dizzy as she said, "You said I was a good drinker earlier, but just one glass made me a little drunk." 
Ivor rose from his chair and went to check on Bonnie. "You wouldn't feel like this if you hadn't downed it."
He grew worried when he saw his wife's pink cheeks. "How do you feel? Should I move you somewhere to rest?"
###Chapter 1052
"Th-that's okay. I can walk just fine." Bonnie felt dizzy, and her body was burning up. She tried to stand but involuntarily staggered and fell instead.
Ivor quickly caught her to prevent her from falling. "Stop acting tough. You're drunk. Come on, I'll help you to the bedroom so you can rest."
"Burp!"
The scent of red wine mixed with Bonnie's natural fragrance, creating a s*** sensation. "Fine, but you must carry me, or I'll have to walk to the bedroom myself. That's too troublesome."
Ivor looked at her lovingly when he saw her hazy eyes and blushing cheeks. "Sure, I can carry you if you don't want to walk."
Bonnie wagged her finger at him and said, "Come here."
He did as she said. "All right, I'm here. What is it?"
Suddenly, she wrapped her arms around his neck. "All right, that's good enough. Now, I won't fall. Let's go."
She was not as calm and collected as she usually was because she was drunk. Instead, she behaved like a helpless girl.
Ivor grinned before carrying her. "Come on, I'll take you to the bedroom to rest."
Meanwhile, Alfred, hiding in the corner, saw everything. He gestured at the housekeepers.
As Ivor carried Bonnie upstairs, he was so close to her that he could feel her warm breath on his neck. He could also smell the red wine from her breath. Although he did not drink much, he was also a little drunk. 
On the other hand, Bonnie sensed something before gently touching his cheeks. "Why do you feel hot? Do you have a fever?"
"I don't have a fever." Ivor lowered his gaze and stared at her profoundly. "Do you want to guess why I'm hot?"
Bonnie lifted her chin and thought about something. She was about to answer him, but her drunkenness made her forget. She could not keep a clear mind, causing her to shake her head before responding, "I don't know. Why can't you just tell me?" 
He chuckled and tapped her nose lovingly. "You made me like this, silly."
"Huh?" Bonnie glanced at him. Suddenly, she understood what he meant when she realized she was still in his arms. "I get it now. You're hot because you carried me upstairs. You can put me down now. I can walk by myself." 
Ivor scoffed. "Do you think I'll let you go now?"
She was still in a daze, asking, "Hmm? What do you mean?"
He grinned and carried her to the bed before setting her down. Before Bonnie knew it, Ivor pinned her to the bed. He looked at her blushing cheeks and said charmingly, "Do you get my drift now?"
Bonnie was stunned as she met his profound gaze. Her eyes became misty, too. "Oh, I get it. You're trying to—"
Before she could finish, he pressed down on her and asked, "Tell me, what am I trying to do to you?"
She scoffed and blushed even more before turning away.
###Chapter 1053
Bonnie said lowly, “Save it. I know you’re trying to make me say something embarrassing. Well, I refuse to fall for that.”
Ivor chuckled. “We’re so close with each other now. We should be able to say whatever we want without feeling embarrassed.”
She rolled her eyes and asked, “Do you think everyone’s as shameless as you?”
He cupped her face and smiled as he stared into her eyes affectionately. “It looks like you know what I mean. I guess there’s no point pretending anymore.”
A moment later, Ivor lowered his head and kissed Bonnie’s lips. Then, he pressed his body on hers. “Can we do it?”
She blushed and grumbled, “I can’t believe you’re asking me that. You’re just doing it on—”
Before she could finish, he kissed her again. This time, it was more intense than before. Bonnie felt like Ivor could suck her breath away. Her legs weakened as she tried to push him away, but it was futile.
He continued to kiss her intensely while caressing her body.
“Mmm…” She could not help but m*** as she gripped his collar.
Thud, thud.
Their clothes fell to the floor, piece by piece. The moon’s gentle beams shined through the windows momentarily before the clouds floated by.
…
Ivor’s phone rang the next day, causing Bonnie to wake up.
Buzz! Buzz, buzz!
‘Ugh, that’s annoying!’
Bonnie's brows furrowed as she reached for Ivor's shoulder. She intended to pat his arm to wake him, but her hand fell on the bed instead. 'Wait, he's not here. Where'd he go?"
She propped up her sore body and reached for his phone. She wanted to silence it, but she saw that it was a call from Yale. Bonnie had just returned from Yale, but she thought it was just a coincidence that they were calling. 
Then, Ivor entered with a breakfast tray. He realized Bonnie was awake and in a trance, so he asked, "Why do you look so out of it? Is something bothering you?"
She shook her head and returned to his senses before handing the phone to Ivor. "There's a call for you. It's from Yale."
"Yale?" He frowned.
'Is it news about Falcon?"
Ivor's expression changed so abruptly that it roused Bonnie's suspicion. She asked, "Yeah, why did you react that way? Is your branch company facing some issues?"
He realized he was so anxious that he had forgotten to hide his emotions. However, it was too late because Bonnie had seen through him.
Ivor composed himself and responded calmly, "I was just a little surprised, that's all. I don't know why anyone from Yale would call me. It's probably a prank call. You can reject the call for me." 
Initially, Bonnie was suspicious of the call, but his calm demeanor made her dismiss it. She said, "I think you should answer it. What if it's urgent?"
Ivor kept up his act and nodded. "All right, I'll answer it. Here, have your breakfast while I'm at it."
She waved at him. "Okay, bye!"
Ivor took his phone and answered the call on the balcony. Meanwhile, Bonnie looked at him through the window and frowned.
'Why does it look like he's hiding something from me?"
###Chapter 1054
?The man on the phone said, “We found where Falcon is in District Nine. There are plenty of big and powerful organizations there. It won’t be easy to catch him there.”
Ivor frowned menacingly. “Falcon’s one cunning bastard. I can’t believe he ran to District Nine. Keep an eye on him, but don’t do anything rash. I contact the Nidhoggs’ leader and discuss our next move with him.”
The man on the phone responded respectfully, “Understood, Mr. Ivor.”
Simultaneously, Bonnie received a call from Collin. She glanced at the balcony to ensure Ivor was still there before tiptoeing to the bathroom. Then, she closed and locked the door before answering the call. “What’s up, Collin?”
“We found Falcon.”
She frowned. “Where is he?”
“He’s in District Nine,” he replied solemnly, “Still, we only know his general location and not his exact one. I’m confident a significant organization is helping to cover his tracks. That’s the only reason we can’t pinpoint Falcon’s location despite our best efforts.”
“Collin, don’t bother stating the obvious. Falcon has the chip. Of course, countless organizations would want to protect him. I knew this would happen. It’s not news to me.” Bonnie frowned and rubbed her chin thoughtfully.
She added, “Don’t be rash. I’ll contact the Dark Knights’ leader and see if he knows what we know. If he doesn’t, I’ll share our information with him. That’ll allow me to form a plan with him.”
Collin asked, puzzled, "Why don't we move in on Falcon ourselves, Chief? We tracked him down first, after all Why must you inform the Dark Knights about it? Their leader is wicked and does nothing but drool over our chip." 
Bonnie explained, "He might be desperate for our chip, but we can't deny that he's one of our most capable allies. Most of District Nine's organizations are influential and prestigious. The good, the bad, and the ugly are there.
"Although we're no pushovers, we'll be in their territory. If we barge into District Nine thoughtlessly, they might wipe us out. Things will be vastly different with the Dark Knights on our side.
"The minor organizations will be wary of us and think twice before helping the major organizations to take us down. That's why telling the Dark Knights what we know will benefit us."
Finally, Collin understood the reason behind Bonnie's actions. "Wow, you've thought of everything, Chief let my emotions get the better of me. Fortunately, I have you to pull me out, or I would've endangered our men." 
"It's okay. Just stick to me and learn how I handle situations like these. You'll pick up soon enough," Bonnie said casually.
'It's a good thing Collin is loyal. That's why I kept him beside me and made him my assistant. He has never disappointed me and has done an excellent job overseeing my organization over the past several years."
Although Collin sometimes let his emotions lead him, his strengths compensated for that insignificant shortcoming.
"You got it, Chief. I'll stick beside you and learn everything I can."
Suddenly, Bonnie heard Ivor knocking on the bathroom door. "Bonnie, are you in there? What's taking you so long? Does your stomach hurt?"
###Chapter 1055
?Ivor twisted the door handle but realized Bonnie had locked it.
‘That’s odd. I know Bonnie never locks the door in her own place. Why’d she lock it this time? Is she on the phone with someone? Still, she wouldn’t need to lock the door. Is she discussing something she doesn’t want me to know about?’
Bonnie’s heart raced as she strained her voice, making herself sound uncomfortable. “Um, my tummy hurts. Don’t come in here, Ivor. It, uh, stinks in here.”
Ivor grew suspicious, not wholly believing her claims. He asked, "Should I get you some medicine?"
"I'll be okay! I just need to stay in here for a little longer. You can do what you need to do. I'll just be here until the smell clears." Bonnie faked a g***, trying to make herself sound more uncomfortable.
Ivor did not pry. Instead, he said, "Okay, I'll wait for you out here. You can come out whenever you're ready."
Bonnie observed the frosted glass door and saw his shadow disappear. Only then did she sigh in relief. She was glad he did not insist on coming inside, or he would have seen through her lies.
Meanwhile, Collin overheard their conversation through the phone. He could not help but ask, "Is Mr. Ivor gone, Chief?"
She responded, "Yeah, he's gone. That should be it for now. Go ahead and make the preparations. We'll head to Yale again in a few days. We'll catch that son of a b*** this time."
"Understood," he responded respectfully before hanging up.
Bonnie wanted to make her tummy ache look more genuine, so she clutched her belly as she exited the bathroom. She even said, "I'm not sure if it's because I downed the wine last night, but my stomach is upset. 
"I just ate breakfast, and my stomachache was unbearable. My feet even fell asleep because I took such a long time sitting on the can."
Ivor noticed her cheeks had paled, even though they had been rosy. His suspicions disappeared when he saw that. He felt worried instead, asking, "Is it that bad? Should I take you to the emergency room?" 
Bonnie shook her head. "Must I remind you that I'm a doctor? I know what's happening to my body. It's just a minor tummy ache. I just need to avoid eating spicy and oily foods for now." 
Ivor approached and helped her to the bed. "I'll rub your feet. That should make you feel better."
###Chapter 1056
?Bonnie shook her head, saying, “It’s okay. I just need a minute.”
When Collin called, she told Ivor a bald-faced lie. Although it was not too severe, she felt guilty and did not deserve a foot rub.
“I have to rub your feet, or they might cramp up. You said they fell asleep because you were on the can for too long, right?”
Before Bonnie could reject him again, he lay her on the bed and gave her a foot rub. He was gentle yet firm, relieving her exhaustion from the strenuous activities they shared last night. She felt so comfortable that she decided not to fight it. Instead, she let her husband do whatever he wanted.
The couple had done unspeakable things to each other into the night. Bonnie felt overworked, but Ivor helped her relax with his foot rub. She fought to keep her eyes open as she lay her head on the pillow. Even so, she soon fell asleep.
"Okay, honey. That should do it. You haven't finished your breakfast, so you should eat. If your stomach still aches after that, I'll give you another-" Ivor looked up and noticed her eyes were closed, and her breathing was even.
'It's my fault for indulging in my l*** too much last night. I'll have to control myself next time. Bonnie can't keep going through this.'
Ivor collected his thoughts and tucked her in. After kissing her forehead, he stood up and cleaned the breakfast tray.
'It looks like she'll be asleep for a long time. I should clean the dishes and make her some food again when she's awake."
As he cleaned, he accidentally touched her phone and woke the screen. He saw that she had received a text from an unknown sender but could not see its contents because of Bonnie's privacy settings.
Then, Ivor remembered Bonnie locking herself in the restroom. He took her phone, trembling as he motioned to unlock the phone to see if she was keeping a secret from him. However, he froze.
Ultimately, he did not unlock her phone and put it back on the table instead. After all, Bonnie told him that trus was essential in a relationship. Even if she hid something from him, he was sure she had her reasons. Otherwise, she would have told him about it.
'Bonnie won't hurt me, so why should I bother with unnecessary thoughts?'
With that in mind, Ivor felt more cheerful. He removed the breakfast tray from the room and discarded his thoughts about checking her phone.
When he left, Bonnie abruptly woke up and turned to look at her phone. She sighed in relief when she realized no one had touched it. She took the phone and deleted Collin's text before encrypting her phone. Only then did Bonnie feel safe enough to continue sleeping.
###Chapter 1057
?Bonnie slept until the afternoon. She yawned as she went downstairs. Then, she saw Sydney and Gunnar sitting on the couch chatting with Sigmund. The trio laughed as they talked, creating a wholesome atmosphere.
However, Sydney and Gunnar's expressions stiffened when they saw Bonnie. It shattered the trio's harmonious moment.
Sigmund noticed the duo's expressions and realized something was amiss. When he turned and saw Bonnie, his expression softened and turned tender. "Bonnie, you're up! Are you hungry? I'll tell the chef to prepare some food for you."
She smiled and shook her head. "That's okay. Grandpa. I slept for so long that I lost my appetite. I just need to rest for a while more. I'll join you for dinner, though."
"Hey, you can't just starve yourself," Sigmund said before yelling toward the back, "Alfred! Tell the chef to prepare some spaghetti for Bonnie! We need to put some food in her belly!"
Alfred peered out from a corner and immediately responded, "Right away. Mr. Sigmund."
He was about to head to the kitchen when Sigmund added, "Wait, Bonnie says she doesn't have much appetite. Tell the chef to make something light. Don't make the food too oily."
"Understood, sir. I'll tell the chef." Alfred said before striding toward the kitchen.
Since Sigmund had said so, Bonnie did not argue. Instead, she sat beside him and snacked on some fruit slices.
Meanwhile, Sydney and Gunnar grew upset when they saw how much Sigmund doted on Bonnie.
Sydney was already furious when she saw Bonnie coming down the stairs. The former felt much more rageful as she watched Bonnie enjoy the fruits.
"Dad, have you met anyone with a daughter-in-law who sleeps until the afternoon? vor works hard daily, yet she doesn't even consider helping She's a sloth, so why did you tell the chef to prepare food for her? In my opinion, you should let her starve. That'll teach her to sleep in." 
Sydney sounded like an annoying aunt lecturing her niece. Her hateful tone was unmistakable.
At that moment, Bonnie glared at Sydney and said sarcastically, "What, you've never slept in once because you felt sick? Did Gunnar punish you by starving you to death if you did? That must be why you're veriting your frustrations on me. You must want me to suffer the same mistreatment you did." 
"Why would my husband do anything like that?!" Sydney retorted, "Also, are you sick? You look fit as a fiddle with your rosy cheeks, you little brat." Bonnie scoffed. "I didn't know you're capable of telling whether or not someone's sick based on their looks alone. You're making the miracle doctor look like a chump."
Sydney's face reddened, and her breathing became unstable.
Gunnar noticed the fury in his wife's eyes and patted her hand to comfort her. He said, "Dad, you shouldn't dote on Bonnie so much. She might start acting like a spoiled brat before you know it. I'm Ivor's uncle and am upset on his behalf for marrying someone like her. I'm sure he's frustrated, too." 
Suddenly, Ivor's voice sounded behind, "Feel free to get upset, Uncle Gunnar, but that's your opinion. I've never regretted marrying Bonnie. Instead, I'm delighted to dote on my wife. I'd give her the world if I could.
*Please never speak for me again, Uncle Gunnar. I'd hate for you to drive a wedge between me and my wife."
###Chapter 1058
After Ivor said his piece, Bonnie stood beside him to show he protected her.
Gunnar knew how much Ivor doted on Bonnie. The former said those things earlier because he thought his nephew was not around. Gunnar never expected Ivor to rebuke him so blatantly.
Sydney’s expression grew cold as she said, “Ivor, we’re your aunt and uncle. Gunnar said that with your best interest in mind. It’s only a matter of time before you regret doting on Bonnie.”
Ivor held his wife’s shoulder and smiled. “I appreciate your kind reminder, Aunt Sydney, but I have no use for it. Bonnie and I know how to handle our marriage. Although you might be my aunt and uncle, that doesn’t mean you can intervene in our relationship.”
Sydney was furious when he twisted her good intentions. She wanted to retort but could not find the words.
Gunnar knew his wife would only get angrier if they stayed. So, he said, “That’s it, Dad. We’ll be leaving now. We’ll see if we can visit you tomorrow.”
Sigmund waved at him and said, “See you soon.”
When the older couple left, Sigmund looked at Bonnie and said apologetically. "Those two have the wrong idea about you, Bonnie. They're decent people. You just have to brush off what they said about you."
Bonnie giggled. "I'm not that petty, Grandpa. That's the worst they can do to me. They've never done anything too severe, so I get what you're saying."
Gunnar and Sydney could badmouth her all they wanted, but they would never benefit. Since that was the case, Bonnie did not care about them. Sigmund felt relieved. "That's the spirit. I'm old and only want to see my family be peaceful. The last thing I want is for you to hate each other."
Before Bonnie could respond, Ivor held her hand and chuckled, saying, "She knows, Grandpa. You don't have to tell her twice."
Sigmund nodded. "That's great."
Although he did not say much, he was figuring out how to help Bonnie, Gunnar and Sydney get along. After all, the older couple was family-it would not be good if they had bad blood with Bonnie. 
Ivor finished breakfast the following day and told Bonnie, "I have to work today. I won't be able to accompany you, okay?"
She waved. "That's okay. I'll play some chess or admire the flowers with Grandpa."
"I want to stay with you, but my workload has piled up a lot during my time overseas." He looked at his wifedongingly. "Come over here for a second." 
Bonnie followed her husband's instructions and looked at him. Puzzled, she asked, "What is it?"
He held her waist and kissed her intensely. "Wait for me, and I'll be home before you know it."
She blushed and pushed at his chest, saying, "Jeez, there's a time and place for everything. The housekeepers are just over there. They could've seen that. Don't you feel shy?" 
Ivor motioned to leave for work, intending to let Bonnie deal with the housekeepers' suggestive looks alone.
###Chapter 1059
Bonnie felt awkward just thinking about it. Before Ivor left, he kissed her cheek and said, “We’re married. It’s normal for us to do these things, right? Okay, I need to leave now. Wait for me to get home.”
Bonnie blushed and rolled her eyes at him. “Okay, you can go now. Stop embarrassing me.”
Ivor hugged her tightly before finally leaving. She grumbled as she watched, “He’s just going off to work but has to be so dramatic. He made it sound like he’s going off to war. I don’t know what else to say about him.”
Soon after, Bonnie turned away and went to look for Sigmund to play chess with him. “Grandpa, it’s been a while since we’ve played chess together. How about a match?”
He waved smilingly. “No, thank you! I refuse to play against you since you’re much better than me. It won’t do my pride any favors.”
“That’s not true. Don’t you think you’re a good chess player, too?” she asked. Then, she realized he was adamant about not playing and asked again, “Are you sure you won’t play with me, Grandpa?”
He shook his head. "No way in hell. I meant what I said."
He knew he was not her match. Moreover, he had made other plans. With that in mind, he checked the time and wondered where Sydney was.
Bonnie stopped insisting since the older man genuinely did not want to play. "Should we do something else then? Do you want to go fishing or admin the flowers?"
Sigmund was about to respond when he saw Sydney. She said, "Gunnar's busy with work today. He told me to come and accompany you."
Then, she frowned when she saw Bonnie.
Sigmund knew Sydney cared about him. Otherwise, she would not have visited frequently and chatted with him whenever Ivor and Bonnie were not around. Sydney and Gunnar's shaky relationship with Bonnie bothered Sigmund greatly. 
'I'd love it if they got along better."
He gestured for Sydney to come nearer, saying, "It's perfectly fine for you and Bonnie to chat with me. It's a good thing you're here, Sydney. Come sit here-I have something to tell you."
It was rare for Sigmund to look so solemn, so Sydney could not help but do as he said. She sat down and asked, "What is it, Dad?"
He asked, "You're having a tea party this afternoon, right?"
She nodded, puzzled. "Yeah, that's right. What about it? Is there something wrong with the tea party?"
"No, not at all, Sydney," Sigmund said before turning to Bonnie, "I want you to take Bonnie along to expand her social circle. She can make some friends there. Otherwise, she'll get bored if she stays home alone." 
That was the last thing Sydney expected her father-in-law to ask. She frowned and said, "But Bonnie's so nasty. Who would want to befriend her?"
###Chapter 1060
?Bonnie glared daggers at Sydney. “You think I’m nasty? Did I do something to offend you or make your life miserable?”
Sydney was furious but did not know what to say.
‘It’s true that Bonnie has never done anything to make my life miserable. However, she turned my son against me and my husband. That said, I can’t mention that in front of my father-in-law. I can only bear with her and hold it in.’
Meanwhile, the coldness in Bonnie’s eyes intensified. “Go ahead, Sydney. Why aren’t you saying anything?”
There was one more reason Sydney did not want to take Bonnie with her. The former feared she would not be able to handle the young lady. Sydney did not have what it took to clean up after Bonnie if she made a mess at the party.
“That doesn’t matter. I’m still not taking you with me.”
Sigmund frowned and looked at Sydney in disapproval. He said, “You and Bonnie have married into my family. That makes you two family. Don’t you think you’re crossing the line by defying me, Sydney?”
Her brows furrowed as she said, “I’m sorry, Dad, but I must insist. You know Bonnie and I have bad blood. Why are you making me take her to the party? Aren’t you worried we might fight?”
"We're family. Why would you hold any grudges against her?" Sigmund frowned solemnly.
He was about to continue, but Bonnie said, "It's okay, Grandpa. If she doesn't want to take me, I'll drive myself there."
Bonnie knew what Sigmund was trying to do, and she had no intention of making things difficult for him. Either way, she was bored.
'It's just a tea party. What's the big deal?"
Sigmund was surprised. "Wh-what did you say? You're willing to go there by yourself?"
Given the situation and the duo's characters, he thought Bonnie would skip the party altogether. He never thought she would drive herself there.
Bonnie said smilingly, "There's nothing wrong with that, right, Grandpa? I can take care of myself, afterall. Are you worried about me going there alone?" 
"N-Not really, but..." Sigmund glanced at Sydney, saying, "Since Bonnie said she's willing to drive herself, you won't have to take her along. That said, she rarely goes to such parties. Look after her while you're there, and don't let anyone pick on her." 
The last part of his sentence made Sydney speechless. She grumbled under her breath, "She's ruthless when arguing. What makes you think anyone can pick on her?" 
'Still, I might make Dad upset if I reject him again."
Ultimately, Sydney could only agree. She said through gritted teeth, "I understand, Dad. Don't worry about it. I'll look after her the best I can!" Bonnie glanced sidelong at her and waved. "I'll manage. I don't need you to look out for me. On the contrary, you might need my help instead, right?"
Sydney bolted from her seat and glared at Bonnie. "If you can manage, I can, too! Stay away from me at the party. Otherwise, you'll just get in my way."
Immediately after, she turned and left.
###Chapter 1061
Sigmund looked at Bonnie helplessly. "Sydney's just a hothead. Don't let her get to you, Bonnie."
"It's okay. I'm used to her tantrums." Bonnie waved and checked the time. "There's still some time until the tea party. Should we play a round of chess to kill some time, Grandpa?"
This time, Sigmund quickly agreed. "All right, let's go. Otherwise, it'll start to get boring."
Bonnie realized why he kept turning her down when she asked him to play earlier. Apparently, he was waiting for Sydney to arrive and wanted to ask her to take Bonnie to the party. Even so, Bonnie did not expose Sigmund.
Bonnie turned to the butler and said, "Alfred, could you get us the rosewood chess set?"
"Right away, Ms. Bonnie." Alfred left to do as she asked.
Meanwhile, Sigmund rolled his sleeves and said, "I need to prepare myself mentally to play against you."
Bonnie could not help but giggle. "Do you have to be so dramatic, Grandpa?"
"I know I'm no match for you in chess, but I'm hopeful. After all, I might just get lucky and win a match."
A moment later, Alfred arrived with the rosewood chess set. Sigmund chose black pieces, leaving Bonnie with white ones. "Let's begin, Bonnie."
He looked so severe that she could not help but smile and comfort him, "We're just playing for fun. You don't need to be so nervous."
He laughed heartily. "Hahaha! You don't have to comfort me. I'm happy to play chess with you, even if it means I'll lose."
She decided to drop the subject and move a piece. Occasionally, Sigmund would ask Bonnie for pointers, and she would patiently guide him. The duo had an excellent time playing chess.
Later, afternoon arrived, and it was time for the tea party. Sigmund arranged for the chauffeur to take Bonnie there. When she reached the entrange, she saw Sydney looking left, and right. The latter frowned and approached when she saw Bonnie. 
"What took you so long, Bonnie? You're late!"
Bonnie did not expect Sydney to wait for her outside. The former checked her watch and said, "Grandpa told me the party's at three. I'm three minutes early."
Sydney was stumped but said sarcastically. "You just love using Ivor and Dad to throw your weight around. Do you think having them as your support makes you special?"
Bonnie shrugged. "That was never my intention. I can't help it if that's your perspective."
Those words ficked Sydney off. She was about to retort, but Bonnie added, "That said, I think having a strong support system does make me special. Did you point that @ut because you're jealous that yor and Grandpa dote on me?"
"I said nothing about being jealous! Please stop with your bullshit!" Sydney was so furious that she instinctively raised her voice.
Some women passing by turned and looked at her strangely. Sydney blushed when she noticed them. She tried pinning it on Bonnie, saying refuse to waste any more time on you. Come inside now. Don't just stand there while people laugh at you."
###Chapter 1062
?“I wasn’t the one yelling, Sydney. I have nothing to worry about.” Bonnie slowly opened the door and lowered her voice, “You’re the one who should be worried about them staring at you.”
Sydney could not believe Bonnie got one over her. The former turned red with rage and was about to refute Bonnie. However, more people arrived at the entrance to go to the tea party, so Sydney could only suppress her anger and glare at Bonnie before marching into the hall.
Meanwhile, Bonnie strolled after her calmly. She saw an empty area before the reception when she reached the hall. She also saw uniformed staff members going back and forth while decorating the area.
‘It looks like they’re setting up an auction of some sort. It’s my first time here. I’m surprised they included an auction in a tea party. Still, I could be wrong to assume that. I should ask one of the staff members.’
“Excuse me, is there an auction here? Is that why you’re setting things up?”
Bonnie had attended plenty of auctions. Judging by the setup, she knew she had most likely guessed it correctly. The staff replied, "That's right, miss. Our mistress wants to host an auction to make the tea party livelier."
Bonnie nodded understandingly. "Ah, I see. Okay, then, I'll leave you to it."
"Certainly." The staff lowered her head before going to the backstage to continue working.
Soon after, Bonnie sat in the corner and leisurely sipped her tea, waiting for the auction to begin. All the women here came from the high society circle. They had always seen the same bunch of people for every tea party or social gathering.
Hence, they could not resist talking about Bonnie when they saw her.
"I wonder who she is and which family she comes from. Although her outfit looks ordinary, she has an unusual air."
"You're right. That girl looks elegant
and gorgeous. My son likes girls like her. I wonder if she has a boyfriend. I'll talk to her for my son if she doesn't." 
"If that's what you want, you should approach her and ask her about it. That'll make you look more sincere, too."
"You have a point. I guess I'l—*
Before she could finish, Sydney interjected, "Save yourself the trouble. Your son can't score with her because she's married to my nephew."
She might not like Bonnie, but she could not stand the idea of anyone else trying to get Bonnie.
'Hmph! These women come from minor families. How dare they even consider taking Bonnie from the Knights?! They should know their place!'
The women were stunned, staring at Sydney with utter disbelief. One of them asked, "That girl is married to your nephew? She's the one who became Ivor's bride recently right, Sydney?"
"We've never seen her in any of our social gatherings. I never expected her to show up now. Did you bring her to get her accustomed to our circle, Sydney? You're a wonderful aunt for doing that." 
After learning who Bonnie was, the woman who wanted to talk to Bonnie about her son stepped forward to apologize to Sydney.
###Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063
"Forgive me for saying such inappropriate things, Sydney. I didn't know that girl is married to your nephew."
The woman knew the Knights were the most prestigious family in Pyralis. Sydney was in a different league since she was Gunnar's wife.
The woman said she intended to introduce her son to Bonnie, so she feared people would misunderstand her and think she was trying to steal Bonnie from the Knights. Even so, the woman did not know who Bonnie was.
After finding out, she immediately apologized. Otherwise, she would have been in deep trouble if the Knights held her accountable.
Sydney relaxed once the woman apologized. The former said, "It's okay. I forgive your ignorance. Still, you'll have to be more careful next time. Although I might not reprimand you, Ivor wouldn't be so kind if he had heard your intentions."
The woman wiped the sweat from her forehead and gulped. "Y-You're right, Sydney. I'll be more mindful about my words next time."
Sydney responded dryly, "Good."
Meanwhile, Bonnie heard everything. She could not help but glance at Sydney in shock.
'Sydney has always hated me. I'm amazed she defended me when I wasn't around.'
At that moment, the staff members finished setting up the auction. Then, the host went on stage and explained the rules. Everyone in the hall had never seen an auction during the tea party. They appreciated the novelty and anticipated what items would be up for bid.
Bonnie was just as curious as everyone else. She wanted to see if there was anything worth bidding for.
Once the host finished introducing the auction and explaining the rules, a staff member brought an item to the stage. On the tray was a pair of exquisite lavender jade bracelets. The jewelry captivated the women's hearts.
Countless women bid on them as soon as the host announced the starting bid. When Bonnie saw the bracelets, she immediately thought of Avril.
'Those bracelets' colors are unique. They look cheerful and elegant. They're an accurate reflection of Avril's character. Since the New Year is coming soon, they'll make perfect gifts for her.'
With that in mind, Bonnie raised her auction paddle to bid on the bracelets. The highest bid at that moment was over a hundred grand. Bonnie considered raising it to a price where no one could compete with her.
"Six hundred thousand dollars!"
Immediately after, everyone in the hall looked at Bonnie.
"Who is she? Why would she be so reckless? There's no way she bid six hundred grand. It's wasteful to buy those bracelets at such a high price."
"I overheard Sydney saying that girl is married to Ivor."
"Wait, that girl is Ivor's wife? No wonder she didn't even blink when she bid that much."
"Forget that. We're not as wealthy as the Knights. We should give up bidding on those bracelets and let
her have them. We'll just bid on something else."
Even so, Bonnie continued to surprise them. No matter what the host put up for bid, she proceeded to bid and left no chance for the others to purchase anything.
Initially, everyone let her have her way because she was a member of the Knight family. However, they began to compete with her later in the auction. Since no one was as rich as Bonnie, they grew resentful toward her.
A woman sitting beside Sydney said sarcastically, "I know your nephew's wealthy, but he won't be for much longer if that girl keeps spending his money like this. You're his aunt, right? Aren't you going to say something?"
###Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064
Sydney knew the woman was trying to stir up trouble, so she stared at the latter and asked, "How does it concern you? Ivor's more than happy to let her spend his money. We don't lack money, after all."
The woman did expect to fail at driving a wedge between Sydney and Bonnie, not to mention Sydney had criticized her. The woman was furious as Sydney looked at her coldly. The latter questioned, "What's wrong? Do you have something else to say?"
"N-Not at all, Sydney." Although the woman was furious, she could only suppress her anger. She stood up and added, "I'm going to the restroom."
Sydney knew the woman was upset and excused herself. The former did not even glance at the woman when she said, "Sure,"
The woman's expression turned solemn as she bit her lip and stood up, exasperated. Since Bonnie was not sitting too far from them, she heard how Sydney had defended her. The former raised a brow and looked at Sydney.
Suddenly, the latter no longer looked despicable to Bonnie. Instead, Sydney began to look a little likable. Sydney sensed something and looked at Bonnie.
When they looked at each other, Sydney moved to sit closer to Bonnie. After looking around, Sydney asked, "What are you looking at? Don't go thinking I'm defending you. I said all that because you're married to Ivor, which makes you one of us.
"Since I'm also your aunt now, it'd be outrageous of me to take that woman's side instead of yours."
Bonnie sipped her tea and said, "I didn't think you were defending me. Why are you in such a hurry to clarify it?"
Sydney rolled her eyes, exasperated. "Ugh, I shouldn't waste any more time on you. Although I might've defended you, that doesn't mean I approve of your actions during this auction. Ivor works hard to earn his money, so you better control yourself.
"Otherwise, you'll drain his hard-earned money because you're spending faster than he can make!"
Bonnie casually sipped her tea again and said, "What makes you think I'm spending his money?"
Although Ivor had given Bonnie his black bank card and told her to spend his money to her heart's content, she did not do it.
Sydney glanced at her suspiciously. "Are you trying to tell me you're using your own money to buy all this? Are you aware you've already spent forty-one million dollars? Also, you're just a student. You can't possibly earn that much."
Bonnie raised her brow and said absentmindedly, "It's just forty-one million dollars. Big deal."
"What?!" Sydney rolled her eyes when she heard how casual Bonnie sounded. The former added, "I know you're not the breadwinner. You don't know how hard it is to support a family. Why did Ivor marry someone as wasteful as you?"
Bonnie ate a piece of cake and said, "Whatever."
Then, she glanced at Sydney's desserts and said, "These aren't bad at all, Sydney. You should try some." Sydney glared at Bonnie, exasperated. "No thanks! I lost my appetite talking to you."
###Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065
Bonnie shrugged innocently, saying, "You should just say you don't want any. Why do you have to blame me? I never said anything to upset you."
"Just shut it, Bonnie. I can't be bothered to argue with you anymore." Sydney did not want to get angry, so she chose to stop arguing.
Under normal circumstances, Bonnie would not have listened to Sydney. The more the latter wanted to silence Bonnie, the more the latter would talk. However, Bonnie cared more about the auction now.
The women continued to purchase the items for bid as time went by. Before long, the auction was down to its best item of the day—a precious diamond necklace. The women were in awe when the staff member brought it onto the stage.
The gleaming diamond's luster was unmatched under the chandelier. Everyone knew it was one of the best diamond necklaces they had ever seen at a glance. Even Sydney was in awe of the necklace. There was even a subtle excitement in her eyes.
"I can't believe it's the diamond necklace! I wonder what the starting bid will cost. I wish I could have it."
Angela, sitting beside Sydney and Bonnie, heard Sydney's words. Angela could not help but giggle arrogantly. Sydney turned toward the voice and saw Angela. Immediately after, Sydney questioned, "What are you laughing at?"
"Sydney, you're married to one of the Knight family members. Why would you care about the bidding price? Just buy it," Angela responded while showing off her diamond ring. "Well, I'm about to bid on that bracelet, too. Let's see who wins."
"I guess we'll find out. I'm not afraid of you, by the way." Sydney glared daggers at Angela.
Angela smirked again, looking like she did not consider Sydney a threat. The latter repaid Angela with a smirk and a scoff. Then, Sydney turned away, looking resentful and disgusted.
Bonnie raised her brows when she saw their interaction.
"They look like rivals. They look like they detest each other.'
Bonnie said nothing. Instead, she silently watched them and decided to see how things played out. Meanwhile, the host smiled and spoke into the microphone, "I'm sure those with keen eyes can tell this diamond necklace has the finest diamond on the market.
"That's why its starting bid is considerably higher than the previous items. The bidding price is seven million dollars. Don't miss it if you like it, ladies!"
Sydney could not help but grumble, "Seven million, huh? That's a steep start."
'I might be wealthy, but Gunnar works hard to earn money. Seven million is too much to spend.' Angela rubbed her gilded bracelet and taunted her, "Sydney, why aren't you raising your paddle? Are you scared of the price? Is your husband doing that poorly now? I pity you. Things are different for me now.
"My husband secured a massive project and gave me his card. He told me to spend it however I wanted and even said I couldn't go home without emptying it. That's why I can buy such things. I only need to lift a finger.
"You should watch your husband and tell him to make more money for you once you get home. Otherwise, you'll never be able to spend like me."
###Chapter 1066
Chapter 1066
"My husband's income doesn't concern you." Sydney was so angry that she raised her paddle out of spite. "Eight million!"
Angela sneered and followed suit, "Nine million!"
Sydney glanced at her coldly and gritted her teeth before raising her bid, "Eleven million!"
Angela looked at her tauntingly and shouted, "Thirteen million dollars!"
Sydney gasped, thinking, 'Angela's about to outbid me, but I must defend my pride and honor.'
She gritted her teeth again and yelled, "Fifteen million!"
She was not as bold as Angela and could only raise the bid by a little. Sydney dared not raise her bid more than she already did. Although she wanted to defend her pride, she had to watch her spending.
Angela sneered again. She would not let Sydney fight back anymore. "Twenty million dollars!"
Sydney's eyes widened as her lips quivered. However, she could say nothing.
'Angela must know that I can't afford to compete with her. She did that on purpose just to make me look bad. Bah! I'm pissed, but I can't do anything about it!'
Angela saw the frustration in Sydney's eyes. The former smiled triumphantly and asked, "Why aren't you bidding anymore? Are you all out of money? If that's the best you can do, the necklace will belong to me."
Sydney wanted to retort, but no words came to her. After all, she had run out of money.
'I could scrape twenty-eight million dollars together if I wanted to, but that's too much just to spite Angela. After all, Gunnar isn't the head of the family and only owns some of the family's shares.
'Forget it. I'll just bear with Angela. The worst she can do to me is make more sarcastic remarks. I only need to wait until the tea party ends, and I can leave.'
Suddenly, Bonnie asked, "Is Angela your rival or something, Sydney?"
'I didn't want to get involved, but Sydney is right-we're family. We can bicker behind closed doors but must stand together against our enemies out here. Angela's oozing with superiority now, so I need to help Sydney.'
Sydney glanced at Bonnie and thought, "This has nothing to do with her since she's just like Angela. They're just upsetting me. That said, I guess Bonnie is slightly different. At least she's family.'
###Chapter 1067
Chapter 1067
Ultimately, Sydney stopped hiding things from Bonnie. Instead, the former poured her heart out, "We're not just rivals. We're wealthy ones! We grew up in the same neighborhood but were so different that we kept butting heads.
"Everyone thought we'd grow out of it once we grew up, but the opposite proved true. The older we got, the more intense our rivalry became. I once ran for class representative in high school, but she just had to get in my way.
"Whenever I tried to buy ice cream, she would buy all the ones I liked. Also, I fell for a guy in college, and Angela was much prettier than me. She also had a way with people and took him away from me. There's more, but..."
Sydney could talk about her hateful history with Angela for days and would not even be half done.
'Angela is despicable and has outdone me in every aspect of my life. I can still remember everything she has done to me. It's been forever, but I still can't let those memories go!'
Bonnie did not think Angela would bully Sydney to this extent. Deep down, Bonnie sympathized with Sydney.
'Frankly, Sydney's rather forthright and wears her heart on her sleeves. She has no intentions to hide her feelings and can't be bothered to resort to dirty tricks. Ironically, that must be why Angely has been able to outdo her constantly.'
Sydney continued, "The point is, Angela has taken everything I loved. Worse, she has always outdone me. Now, she's married to the Hardings' eldest son. They're from one of the neighboring cities, so she's better than I am in that aspect.
"That's not all. Angela has two daughters and a son, all of whom are hugely successful. Her son is one of the best businessmen, and her daughters are immensely talented in various things."
The more Sydney spoke, the more bitter and jealous she became of Angela.
"Also, Angela wasn't just boasting about her husband earlier. I've met him before, and he dotes on her with all the money and love in the world. You can say he gives her everything she asks for. Gunnar treats me well, but it's a far cry from how Angela's husband dotes on her."
Sydney had much to say about Angela and her husband, making it hard for Bonnie to ignore Sydney's hatred for Angela. Then, Bonnie looked at Angela, who was practically oozing with a sense of superiority.
After some thought, Bonnie told Sydney, "I'll give you a hand with this."
Sydney grinned bitterly. "This isn't a time for jokes, Bonnie."
'Not even I can outbid Angela on the diamond necklace. I've already humiliated myself enough. I only want to leave as soon as possible. I have no intentions of facing further humiliation.'
"I wasn't joking." Bonnie raised her brow. "You've defended me twice, so I'll return the favor at least once. Just wait. I'll speak up for you."
"You shouldn't underestimate Angela. Keep yourself out of trouble." Sydney would much rather suffer the humiliation herself than drag Bonnie into it.
'Bonnie always ends up messing things up. I must stop her before she escalates things.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie was perfectly aware of Sydney's concerns. That said, the former had decided to help Sydney and would consider things cautiously before making any moves.
The host realized Sydney had stopped bidding, so the former stood in the center of the stage and said, "Is anyone else going to bid?"
She gazed across the hall and noticed no one wanted to speak up. She added, "Twenty-eight million going once! Going Twice! Sold-"
"Forty-one million dollars!"
###Chapter 1068
Chapter 1068
Everyone turned to stare at Bonnie when she made her bid. Immediately after, they began to mutter amongst themselves.
"Ivor's wife is so reckless with money. The times she bid for have already amounted to forty-one million dollars. Now, she's bidding on that diamond necklace for that amount. She's so wealthy and spends money like it's nothing. No one can compete with her."
"I heard Ivor dotes on his wife. It looks like the rumors are true. He wouldn't have let her spend his money like this if he didn't."
"We're just here for the show. Let's keep our heads down and see how things turn out."
Even Sydney was startled when she heard Bonnie's bid. "Wh-what do you think you're doing?! You can't afford to act this recklessly, Bonnie,"
She did not believe it when Bonnie said she would help. The former did not even think Bonnie would do it so quickly.
'I didn't expect Bonnie to try to outdo Angela regarding wealth. Bonnie's being so wasteful. I can't say I agree with her actions.'
Bonnie glanced at Sydney and casually said, "You don't have to tell me what to do. Just sit back and enjoy the show."
On the other hand, Angela thought she would crush Sydney's pride again by bidding twenty-eight million dollars. Angela never expected Bonnie to get involved. However, what surprised her was Bonnie raising the bid by thirteen million more.
'My husband makes a fortune, but I can't spend his money like this.'
Suddenly, Angela was furious with Bonnie. The former glanced at Sydney and mocked, "Your nephew's wife is reckless. I guess it's expected since Ivor is the family head. You're much better than someone who's stingy and calculative."
Bonnie frowned and looked at Angela coldly.
'That Angela woman is wicked, all right. She's flustered that I took her down a notch, but she refuses to go down alone. Instead, she dragged Sydney down by upsetting her. It's obvious Angela's trying to sow discord between me and Sydney.
'I wonder if Sydney realized that. Will she let Angela's toxic behavior affect her?'
Sydney glared at Angela, saying, "Do you think I'll fall for your shitty tricks? You're trying to make me fight with my in-law. You might not know it, but Bonnie and I have a terrible relationship. Still, that's our business, and you don't have the right to worsen it."
"Why, you little "
Angela was about to retort when Bonnie casually interrupted, "Are you going to bid on the necklace? What, are you out of money? If that's the best you can do, the necklace will belong to me."
Bonnie threw Angela's words back to the latter, which greatly affected Angela's pride.
It was Sydney's first time seeing Angela at a loss for words. Suddenly, Sydney's lifetime grudge slowly dissipated.
'No one has ever humbled Angela like this. It's exhilarating!' Meanwhile, Angela clenched her fists and glared at Bonnie.
###Chapter 1069
Chapter 1069
Angela said, "The Hardings and Knights used to have an excellent relationship. However, my husband and his family moved to one of the neighboring cities, which caused our families to grow distant.
"From that perspective, I'm something of an aunt to you, Bonnie. Are you sure you want to compete with me?"
She could guess Bonnie and Sydney had a rocky relationship. Angela only said those things to sow discord between the two, intending to see them bicker before mocking Sydney for it. However, Angela did not expect Sydney to be wiser than her.
The former thought, 'I can tell Bonnie's a tough nut to crack. I need to prevent her from humiliating me.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie knew Angela was trying to gaslight her. The former grinned and said, "The highest bidder gets the item. That's how it has always worked in auctions. If you want the necklace, why don't you bid on it instead of telling me all that crap?
"Is it because you don't have enough money to challenge my bid? That must be why you're trying to coerce me into giving up the necklace by saying you're something of an aunt to me."
Sydney laughed heartily, "Hahaha! Just admit that you can't afford to challenge my niece, Angela. My family is way weather and more powerful than yours. Also, Ivor has more than enough money to spend. He's pleased to let his wife spend it all. Don't feel bad about losing to Bonnie."
"Damn you!" Angela was outraged as she pointed at Sydney tremblingly.
On the other hand, Sydney was thrilled.
'Angela has trumped me for too long. I can finally raise my head and look her in the eyes. I admit Bonnie's the best when it comes to riling people up. I should've let her handle Angela much earlier. Now, Angela will think twice before crossing me again.'
The other women witnessed their exchange and began to discuss it.
"Angela has always looked down on us because her husband dotes on her. Now, she got her a*** handed to her by Ivor's wife,"
"I agree that Angela's too cocky and prideful. I'm sure she can't take the humiliation of being outbid by a young lady."
"Well, Angela shouldn't have been so full of herself. Finally, someone here can teach her a lesson. We're in for a show, ladies,"
Angela overheard the others muttering about her. She balled her fists and thought, 'Everyone wants to watch my downfall. I refuse to let Bonnie outbid me!'
With that in mind, Angela gritted her teeth and bid again, "Forty-two million dollars!"
'I've always been above these other women. If I let Bonnie outbid me, they'll never fear me again. I can't let anyone humiliate me like this! I must preserve my pride, even if it means being careful with my spending after this.'
Bonnie looked at Angela and said sarcastically, "Did you only raise it by a million? You must be kidding. You should've raised it even higher."
Angela reddened with rage and roared, "Stop trying to trick me! I'm sticking to my guns! If you don't want to bid, shut up!"
'Bonnie has spent quite a bit earlier. I refuse to believe she can afford to spend more.'
Bonnie chuckled and stared into Angela's eyes. Then, the former slowly uttered, "One hundred and thirty- eight million dollars."
###Chapter 1070
Chapter 1070
'A hundred and thirty-eight million dollars?!'
Angela's eyes widened in shock as she shot up from her chair. "Are you out of your mind?!"
She was confident Bonnie could not afford to spend much more and was shocked that the latter would raise the bid so drastically.
Even Sydney, sitting beside Bonnie, thought the latter was insane. Since Angela had outdone Sydney for many years, Sydney could not help but feel exhilarated to see her rival so astounded.
'Angela has always had her way and thought she could do and say anything. Now that Bonnie has taken her down a peg, let's see her do that! It's finally Angela's turn to know what it feels like to be inferior!'
The more Sydney thought about it, the more excited she felt. She lifted her chin and looked at Angela triumphantly.
"You can't bid on the diamond necklace, Angela. You shouldn't have said Bonnie's insane. Also, didn't you tell me your husband secured a big project? So, why'd you raise the bid by a mere million dollars?
"You should learn from Bonnie. She was unfazed when she made her bid. It looks like you'll have to pressure your husband to make more money, or you'll never be able to outbid my niece-in-law."
Although Sydney was slightly heartbroken that Bonnie had to bid so much on the necklace, the former felt much better when Bonnie let Angela have it. After all, Sydney had lived under Angela's shadow for several decades. Since Bonnie had humbled Angela, Sydney felt like she was walking on cloud nine.
Meanwhile, Angela's expression grew grim. She clenched her fists and glared at Sydney. As they stared each other down, Bonnie casually said, "I heard your wealthy husband dotes on you, Angela. I only bid a hundred and thirty-eight million. Are you seriously quitting already?"
Angela had to quit because she could not afford to raise the bid. She was sure her husband would not mind, but that was too high a price to pay for a necklace.
Moreover, Bonnie and Sydney made countless sarcastic remarks at Angela, causing a fiery fury to burn in her chest. Even so, she could only stand there, looking like a buffoon with no moves left.
The host realized no one else was willing to challenge Bonnie's bid. The former said, "A hundred and thirty -eight million going once! Going twice! Sold to the young lady from the Knight family!"
Immediately after, the staff member put the diamond necklace into an exquisite sandalwood gift box and gave it to Bonnie.
Sydney leisurely rose from her chair and told Angela, "I thought you were tough, but that amount of money was all it took to stump you. It looks like you're nothing special, after all."
Angela sneered. "It doesn't matter whether or not I won the bid since you didn't get the necklace either. What are you boasting about? You're still living in my shadow."
The disdain in her eyes grew as she continued, "You're aware you didn't beat me, right? You merely clung to someone much more capable than you. You can't even compete with your niece-in-law in this auction.
"You relied on her to defend your pride. I would've cried if I were you. I couldn't boast about it like you're doing now." There's no way she'll give you the necklace she spent so much on. What makes you think you can talk down to me?"
###Chapter 1071
Chapter 1071
Sydney bit her lip, worried she would lose control and slap Angela. The former was overwhelmed with rage and wanted to retort but failed.
'Angela's right. My pride is still intact, thanks to Bonnie. Although we married into the same family, I told Angela that Bonnie and I have a sour relationship. I did it to dig at Angela, but she turned it against me.'
Angela realized she had mocked Sydney into being speechless. The former felt she had defended her pride and said triumphantly, "You'll always be a loser who lives in my shadow, Sydney. You will never be successful, even "
Before she could finish insulting Sydney, Bonnie approached and interjected, "You do have a higher status than my aunt. I'll also admit the Hardings are prestigious in their city. However, don't think you can take the Knights' name in vain.
"Don't overdo it, or you might burn bridges. I hope you take my advice and learn when to quit." Bonnie glared at Angela while speaking, sending chills down the latter's spine.
Angela instinctively stepped back before returning to her senses and staring at Bonnie.
'I've dealt with plenty of young ladies like her, but none were this imposing. Who on earth is this girl?"
At that moment, she saw Bonnie approaching Sydney with the sandalwood box and handing it to the latter. "Here, I want you to have this, Sydney."
Sydney's eyes widened in shock, thinking she had misheard Bonnie. "Wh-what did you say? You're giving me the necklace?"
'Bonnie just spent a hundred and thirty-eight million on this. Why would she give it to me?!?
Angela was just as stunned as Sydney.
The former thought, 'I just said she wouldn't give Sydney the necklace, but she's doing just that. Just how generous is this young lady? I always thought I was generous, but I can't hold a candle to Ivor's wife.'
"Yeah, I want you to have it." Bonnie smiled and put the box in Sydney's hands. "Take it."
The box felt heavy to Sydney, but it was not the weight of the box or the necklace. Instead, she could feel Bonnie's sincerity in it. Sydney was dumbfounded. After all, she had been nothing but nasty to Bonnie.
"Wh-why are you giving this to me, Bonnie?"
Bonnie responded, "Do you remember asking why I bid on so many things earlier? I bought them as gifts for my friends and family for New Year's."
Then, she glanced at the box she handed to Sydney and added, "Since you're my in-law, I'm giving you this diamond necklace as a New Year's gift."
###Chapter 1072
Chapter 1072
Sydney was at a loss for words. She only managed to find her voice moments later. She said tremblingly," B-But this is too expensive!"
She did not expect Bonnie to buy her the necklace. After all, Sydney could never afford to pay that much for anything. She had to admit she saw a side of Bonnie she never knew was there. To say Sydney was surprised was an understatement.
"What's wrong with that? It's a gift, and the value doesn't matter. It's the thought that counts, after all," Bonnie smiled as she spoke, accentuating her sincerity, "I'm married to your nephew, which makes me your family. It's only right that I buy you something nice."
Sydney finally realized she had made a grave error in misjudging Bonnie. Although the former was Bonnie's aunt, Bonnie was much more mature.
Sydney stared at Bonnie guiltily and said, "I owe you an apology. I shouldn't have been so nasty toward you."
The former realized she had treated Bonnie too harshly, even though Bonnie had never done anything to hurt her. Sydney finally realized she was the narrow-minded and petty woman between them.
"It's okay. Like I said, we're family. What kind of in-law would I be if I held a grudge over every little thing?"
Sydney thought Bonnie made an excellent point. The former regretted pitting herself against Bonnie. After all, Bonnie was an elegant young lady, and they would have gotten along famously if they had no bad blood between them.
'I finally understand why Flynn kept speaking so highly of Bonnie. Just her bearing is something most can only hope to have. Flynn must be impressed with her charisma. That's why he keeps praising her.'
Bonnie could tell from Sydney's expression that the latter had realized her mistakes. That alone told Bonnie she did the right thing in helping Sydney win against Angela.
Bonnie saw Angela from the corner of her eyes. The latter was still standing beside Sydney, looking dazed. A moment later, Bonnie's expression turned cold as she questioned, "Angela, why are you still here? Are you looking for a chance to mock my aunt again?"
Angela was furious but knew she was no match for Bonnie. The former could only swallow her pride and shake her head, saying, "Th-that's not what I'm doing!"
"You better not," Bonnie scoffed and added, "I hope you remember what I said, or I'll have to tell my husband what happened today."
Although Angela loved boasting about her status to Sydney, she could only do that to those at the tea party. She wouldn't dare be as reckless if anyone threatened to affect her husband or his family's business.
###Chapter 1073
Chapter 1073
Angela was intelligent enough to know she could not afford to cross Bonnie. The former could only swallow her anger and say, "All right, I understand."
Bonnie was satisfied with Angela's response. Bonnie waved and said, "Since you understand, please leave. I can't chat with my aunt if you're around."
Angela was furious but could only suppress her frustrations. She glared at Sydney before finally leaving.
Sydney's eyes sparkled as she watched Angela leave. "My rivalry with Angela has continued for decades, but this is my first time seeing her so annoyed. You're fantastic, Bonnie. You even taught someone as nasty as her a lesson."
'Bonnie's so proficient in dealing with people. If she handled Angela that easily, she could have toppled me. It's just that she has never tried to.'
"It's fine since you defended me earlier. It's only right that I return the favor." Bonnie did not think it was a big deal.
A moment later, Sydney looked at the sandalwood box she had received. Then, she bit her lip and glanced at Bonnie hesitantly. Ultimately, Sydney said, "I'm sorry for everything, Bonnie. You treat me like family, even though I'm the fool who treated you harshly."
"I told you it's okay, Sydney," Bonnie kept up her smile, saying, "You don't need to keep apologizing to me. What kind of family would we be if we can't overcome minor grudges and resentment?"
Sydney felt much better after hearing that. Her wrongful thinking and conflicts with Bonnie began to melt away. Then, the former did her best to consider Bonnie a family member.
With that in mind, Sydney looked around before removing her bracelet and giving it to Bonnie. "Although I'm your aunt, I never gave you a wedding present. My mom gave me this bracelet when I married Gunnar. I know it's nothing compared to the necklace's value, but it's still a lovely bracelet. "I'll give it to you to compensate for what I didn't give you at your wedding. I hope you like it."
The bracelet was incomparable to the diamond necklace, but Sydney had to give something to Bonnie. Otherwise, the former would not feel good about accepting Bonnie's gift.
"I'm delighted you're giving me a gift. Why wouldn't I like it?" Bonnie accepted the bracelet and put it on, saying, "Thank you, Sydney."
'It looks like Sydney and I can finally put our differences aside.'
"What's with the formalities? I didn't even have a chance to thank you," Sydney said. She appreciated it when Bonnie immediately put on the bracelet. It meant that Bonnie cherished it a lot.
With that in mind, Sydney looked at the sandalwood box again. "Thank you for giving me something so expensive and meaningful, Bonnie."
"It's no problem at all." Bonnie took the box and asked, "Would you like to try it on? I can help you with
it,"
Sydney would love that, but it was such an expensive gift that she could not bear to wear it. "Oh, that's okay. I don't think this is a place to wear something so meaningful. I'll wait for an important occasion to wear it."
###Chapter 1074
Chapter 1074
Bonnie stopped trying to convince Sydney. Instead, the former smiled and said, "Oh, I see. That's fine."
Sydney left the place with Bonnie and waited for the latter's chauffeur to bring the car around. After glancing at Bonnie several times, she asked, "Do you want to return with me?"
"That's okay," Bonnie said, "Grandpa got me a ride back to the villa. Also, isn't your house far from his? It'll be troublesome for you to give me a ride back."
Sydney realized how thoughtful Bonnie was and could not help but like her even more. The former said, " Okay, then. It's pretty late now, so you should text me when you're back at the villa to let me know you're safe."
Bonnie responded, "You got it."
When Sydney got home, she saw Flynn and Gunnar chatting on the couch. Flynn caught a glimpse of his mother and thought of something before asking, "Did Grandpa ask you to bring Bonnie along for the tea party? Did you two bicker the whole time?"
She pursed her lips and tightened her grip on the sandalwood box. She sighed helplessly as a trace of guilt arose in her chest as she recalled everything she had done to Bonnie and how gracious the latter had been at the tea party.
However, that only made Sydney feel even guiltier.
'I'm her aunt, yet I can't deal with things as well as she does.'
Gunnar noticed his wife's expression and thought she had bickered with Bonnie. He tried to comfort Sydney, saying, "That's Bonnie for you. She's stubborn, shameful, and doesn't respect her elders.
"Don't take her words and actions to heart. Whatever nasty things she said about you don't matter. We'll teach her a lesson when we have a chance."
Sydney's heart dropped as she glared at her husband. "What are you talking about, honey? Bonnie's our in -law, but you're talking about teaching her a lesson? Are you sure you're her uncle?"
Gunnar was stunned as he looked at his wife. He thought he had misheard her. "H-Honey, are you defending Bonnie?!"
'Wait, Sydney has always agreed with me whenever I speak poorly of Bonnie, but she's defending her now? I wonder what happened between them at the tea party.'
Even Flynn looked at his mother strangely.
'I had always hoped Mom could get along with Bonnie. Then, I wouldn't have to keep getting between them. Still, Mom has changed too abruptly, too soon. Something's wrong here.'
"We're family. Of course, I'll defend Bonnie. Why do you two look so shocked?" Sydney noticed her husband and son's inquisitive gazes before looking away uneasily.
Meanwhile, Gunnar wondered what made his wife change so drastically. He tried to guess, but nothing came to mind, so he decided to drop the matter. Instead, he gazed at the sandalwood box and asked, "Did you get that at the tea party auction? It looks heavy and aged. Open it, and show us what you bought." Sydney opened it and said, "Here, see for yourself."
Gunnar's eyes widened as he glanced at the necklace. "Th-that's a diamond necklace! It's been years since
I've seen something so exquisite. Just look at its luster! No ordinary diamonds can compare to those." Flynn leaned in to look, too. "The auction must've saved the best for last. It looks like it costs a fortune." He observed the necklace and then looked at his mother, asking, "How much did you spend on it, Mom?"
###Chapter 1075
Chapter 1075
Sydney felt embarrassed, not wanting to tell her son and husband how much the diamond necklace cost. Instead, she said, "How about you guys guess?"
Gunna and Flynn exchanged glances. Then, the former said, "Six million dollars?"
Sydney shook her head. "That's too low."
'My wife has never been wasteful-six million is a lot of money for her. I can't believe she bought this for more than that.'
After some thought, Gunnar made a bolder guess, "Is it between twenty to forty million?"
He was worried about his funds when he said that. However, he thought about it from another perspective, 'Well, at least I'm spending my money on my wife and not someone else. If she did end up spending that much, so be it. I'll just make more money. What matters is her happiness.'
To his surprise, Sydney shook her head. "Still not close enough."
"It's more than forty million?!" Gunnar's eyes widened in shock. "Don't tell me you spent seventy million on it."
She shook her head again before finally revealing the answer, "It costs a hundred and thirty-eight million dollars."
"Wh-what?!" Gunnar and Flynn were flabbergasted. The latter was sipping his tea when he heard what his mom said. He spat it out immediately after.
"Pfft! Cough, cough, cough!"
Meanwhile, Gunnar was so shocked that he froze. A moment later, he said, "H-Honey, the necklace looks terrific, but it's not worth that much. Also, we don't have that kind of money lying around. Where'd you find the money to bid on something like that?
"Did someone set you up or something? Is that why you bid on it with such a ridiculous figure? Was it Bonnie? I'll go to Dad's villa right now if she's behind this!"
"What, no!" Sydney glared at Gunnar. "I wouldn't have gotten this necklace if it weren't for her, not to mention stand up to Angela!"
Gunnar gradually realized what had happened. "Are you telling me Bonnie helped you at the tea party? Does that mean she "
Sydney timidly finished his sentence, "She bought me the necklace as a gift."
"Gosh, Bonnie's just awesome! That's so generous of her!" Flynn immediately praised Bonnie.
Meanwhile, Gunnar was still in disbelief. "Why would she buy you that necklace so suddenly? She must have an ulterior motive."
Sydney could no longer stand anyone badmouthing Bonnie. The former defended Bonnie, "She spent her money to get me this gift. Why would you say she has an ulterior motive? Will you please stop assuming the worst of her?"
###Chapter 1076
Chapter 1076
"I guess you're right..." Gunnar said.
Then, he looked at the sandalwood gift box in her hands.
"I think we gravely misunderstood her, honey. It looks like she's quite nice."
Sydney nodded in approval. "Yeah. After what happened today, I also think she's a decent lady."
Both of them were talking when they suddenly heard Flynn's voice say, "I told you. Bonnie is the most awesome person in the world. You guys didn't believe me and kept pitting yourself against her. Do you regret your actions now?"
Flynn thought to himself, 'Bonnie charmed Mom with her sheer charisma. I have yet to tell them that she's none other than the world-renowned Ms. Bonita! They will be shocked and wracked with such intense guilt.'
"I do. I regretted the fact that I used to treat her that harshly." Sydney sighed lightly. "She's so generous and forgiving. I have a lot to learn from her."
Gunnar patted her hand, trying to comfort her.
"If she's willing to give you the million-dollar necklace, it means she has moved on from the past. We both know that we've misunderstood her. So, let's wipe the slate clean and make it up to her in the future." Sydney sighed again. "I guess that's the best thing we can do."
Back in the Knight Villa, Bonnie had just finished taking a bath when she received a call from Collin.
"Our men have narrowed down Falcon's movements and the places he frequents. When do you plan on going to Yale's District Nine to capture him?"
"I'll make some arrangements. It'll be within this couple of days. Once I've finalized the details, I'll keep in touch with you." She hung up the phone and frowned slightly.
'It'll be difficult to stay at Yale for a short period this time. After all, I was only able to take advantage of it because Ivor had to go on a work trip. Now that he's in Pyralis, I can no longer use my research institute as an excuse.
'I'd love to use other excuses, but I'm also worried they might find out about it.'
She was still distressed when Ivor opened the door and came in. He saw her furrowed brow.
"What's the matter, Bonnie? Are you upset because of the tea party?"
She shook her head and responded, "It's not about the tea party. My research got stuck, and I can't seem to make a breakthrough. So, I'm trying to figure out a solution for it. That's all."
"So, that's what this is. I know that Grandpa made Sydney take you to the tea party. I thought you were frowning because someone picked on you over there." Ivor said somewhat playfully.
"Someone picked on me?" She lifted her chin pridefully. "I'm the one who picks on people, not the other around."
Embracing her, he smiled and praised her, "Alright. Okay. You're the toughest lady around here, Bonnie. There's simply no need for me to worry about you."
She rolled her eyes at him. "That's enough. Stop being such a smart-mouth. You're tired from your work the whole day. Hurry up and take a bath so you can get some rest."
###Chapter 1077
Chapter 1077
"I know it. You're the one who loves and cares about me the most." His lips curled into a big smile. Obviously, Ivor was exhilarated.
"Take a bath, now." Bonnie nagged at him again.
"Gotcha." He walked into the bathroom with a smile.
Half an hour later, he came outside and blew dry his hair briefly. Then, he slipped underneath the blanket and held her in his arms.
Smelling the sweet fragrance from her hair, he felt as if the exhaustion had been lifted off from his
shoulder.
'Sometimes, all I want is to stare at her quietly while I hold her. We don't even have to do anything. Simple moments like these are more than enough for me.'
Meanwhile, she browsed her phone and let him hold her.
He held a strand of her hair and twirled it with his finger, feeling the serene and soothing sensation she brought for him.
Then, something popped into his mind and the sparkle in his eyes grew slightly dimmer.
Moments later, he turned her head around and stared into her eyes. "I have to tell you something, Bonnie."
"Lay it on me." She then yawned. Obviously, she was tired.
"Well. My work at one of the neighboring countries isn't done. I'm afraid I'll have to go over there and deal with it again." He had to say it because Floyd managed to make a breakthrough in the investigation.
'I'd love to stay at home and keep her company. Heaven knows how reluctant I am to leave her alone. However, I have to travel to Yale again for the sake of the 1.6 billion dollars as well as the chip. I have to catch Falcon.'
That stunned her. "Are you trying to say that you have to travel to the same country and stay there for a good while again?"
'If that's true, then thank the sweet Heavens! I'll take advantage of his work trip and travel to Yale. That way, he won't be suspicious of me.'
On the other hand, he thought he had upset her. So, he explained hastily,
"I know I spent a long time away from you. Please, don't be mad at me. I'm going to do my best to wrap up my job early, so I can come back home and be with you as soon as possible. It's a promise."
She couldn't help but laugh. "You're going off to work, not for a holiday. Why should I be mad at you? Do you think I'm that petty?"
"Of course not. You're the most beautiful and generous lady I know." He cupped her face and planted a kiss on her cheeks. "I'm just worried that I'm not good enough for you."
She wrapped her hands around his neck and said, "You're already doing wonderfully, Ivor. Stop giving yourself such a hard time. What matters is that we understand each other's needs. I couldn't ask for more than that."
"You're right." He pulled her into his arms. "I think we're going to be apart for several days again, Bonnie."
"It's okay. Work takes precedence over everything." In her mind, she was already planning to travel to Yale the moment Ivor was out the door. She needed to plant some traps for Falcon.
That was why she didn't even notice Ivor's eager, l*** eyes. He could eat her up right then.
"Do you honestly have no idea what I'm hinting at? Or, are you just playing dumb?" He pressed his body against hers as he spoke.
All of a sudden, she felt something prodding her down there and blushed, her face bright red.
"Hey... What are you doing, you big p***?"
"We're married, Bonnie. So, this is just a normal interaction between husband and wife. I'm not a p***," he said as he started fondling her.
Her cheeks looked like they were covered with a layer of rouge, making them look exquisite. He couldn't help but lower his head and nibbled on her cheeks.
###Chapter 1078
Chapter 1078
Bonnie didn't feel any pain when Ivor nibbled on her cheeks. However, it made her ticklish.
She wanted to shove him away, but she just couldn't summon any strength and ended up halfheartedly pushing him.
Then, she m***, "Mmm..."
The room was filled with a s***, tantalizing air.
The next morning, Floyd came over to look for Ivor. He thought he'd have to wait for a long time. To his surprise, Ivor came out of the room the moment Floyd arrived at the study.
He was stunned for a moment before coming back to his senses. "We still have a couple of hours before we have to go, Mr. Ivor. Aren't you going to keep Ms. Bonnie company in the meantime?"
He shook his head. "That's fine. She doesn't know that I'm leaving today."
"Why? Don't you want her to send you to the airport?" Floyd was puzzled.
"I do, but she's tired from last night. I'd rather she gets some rest than disturb her sleep just so she could send me to the airport."
For a moment there, Floyd didn't know what to say. So, he resorted to following Ivor wordlessly.
Once Ivor had gone through all of his accumulated documents, he was prepared to leave. Before he did that, he opened the bedroom door gently and tiptoed inside.
Approaching the bed, he bent down and planted a kiss on Bonnie's rosy cheeks. Just as he was about to leave, a pair of slender arms wrapped around his neck.
"Are you going on your work trip today?"
That stunned him. Lowering his gaze, he found himself staring into her gleaming eyes.
"Was I too loud and woke you up?"
She frowned slightly. "Stop trying to divert the topic. Answer me. Are you leaving today?"
Sighing lightly, he said, "Yeah."
Reaching out, he brushed the loose strands of hair on her forehead aside.
"I didn't want to disturb your sleep, but I guess I ended up waking you instead."
They had barely seen each other, but had to part ways again. Staring at the man before her, she felt a strong sense of reluctance rising within her chest.
Rising, she leaned closer and pecked him on the lips. "Safe travels."
A hint of affection and longing flashed in his eyes. "You got it."
Both of them remained in the embrace for over 10 minutes. Then, they heard it.
Knock knock knock!
They heard Floyd's hushed voice next.
"Are you ready, Mr. Ivor? We have to go now."
"Alright," Ivor responded dryly. Loosening his grip on her waist, he said, "I have to leave now, Bonnie."
"Okay." She responded, her eyes fixed on him.
At the next moment, he held her tightly again before lowering his head and kissing her intensely.
###Chapter 1079
Chapter 1079
Instead of pushing him away like she usually did, Bonnie welcomed his kiss. Both of them kissed intensely as if they were trying to absorb each other into their own beings.
They remained kissing for more than ten seconds before she pushed him away.
She regulated her breathing and said in a husky voice, "Go on. Don't make Floyd wait for you too long." Staring at her red, swollen lips, Ivor gave her another passionate kiss before pushing her away. Rubbing her cheeks longingly, he said, "I'm leaving for real now. I want you to miss me when I'm gone." She found that amusing, "Alright. What makes you think I won't?"
"Well..." He couldn't help but grumble, "The moment you get started on your research, you'll forget about eating and sleeping. Sometimes, you'd even forget about drinking, let alone miss me."
She promised him with a smile. "I guarantee that I'll miss you this time. Alright?"
He nodded, satisfied. "That's more like it."
"Alright. That's enough. Stop being lovey-dovey here. Hurry up and go. Floyd's waiting for you outside." She gave him a gentle shove.
"Remember, you have to miss me while I'm gone! Also, I don't care how busy it gets in the research institute, you have to eat your meals in a timely manner!"
He was so concerned that she couldn't take good care of herself that he couldn't stop himself from nagging at her.
"Alright. I said I got it. You're prattling on like a grandpa. I'm an adult, for crying out loud. Do you honestly think I can't look after myself?" She might've sounded impatient, but there was a hint of joy in her tone.
Clearly, she was delighted by the way he was worried about her.
Patting her soft, flowing hair gently, the longing in his expression told her just how reluctant he was to leave. She also saw the deep love he had for her in his eyes.
In the end, she couldn't bear to leave him like this. So, she rose and pecked his lips.
"Feeling better? You really have to leave now, Ivor."
Now that he got her kiss, his eyes were brimming with joy.
"Alright. I guess I have to." With that, he rubbed her hair again before he rose and left the bedroom.
She watched as he left.
Pulling out her phone, she texted Collin, "We're taking a flight to Yale tonight."
Before long, Collin gave her a call and asked, "Didn't you say you needed to make some arrangements, chief? Are you done with it already?"
Yawning, she said, "Ivor went on a work trip to mop up the rest of his work there. So, let's go to Yale earlier than planned. We'll try to capture Falcon and retrieve the chip before Ivor comes back to Pyralis."
"He's going overseas as well? What are the odds?" He frowned. "Something feels off about the timing. Do you think he's also a part of the Falcon hunt, chief?"
That reminded her about the fleeting, but familiar feeling she had when she was talking with the leader of
the Dark Knights. However, she thought about how honest Ivor had been with her and dismissed the suspicion.
"He went away on an urgent work trip. His location is on the other side of the earth from Yale. There's no way he'd hide from me if he's traveling to Yale!
"Moreover, he told me every single detail in his life. So, what makes you think he won't tell me about it if he's going somewhere that far?"
"Now that you put it that way, I guess you have a point," he said.
Colin thought, 'However, I just can't shake the feeling that something's off. But if Bonnie couldn't sense it, then I'm not going to comment much on it.
"The last thing I want is for me to speak out of place and compromise their relationship.'
"Alright. That's enough. Hurry up and make the preparations. We have a plane to catch tonight." She rose from her bed and went to the restroom to freshen herself up.
'Actually, I don't have to act so hastily, but the fact remains that I have no idea when Ivor is going to wrap up his work on his project. That's why every minute counts.
'I don't want to be caught in the middle when he finished his work while I'm still busy hunting down Falcon at Yale. That'd be a huge mess.'
On the other hand, Collin knew that they were racing against time. So, he dropped the matter. "Roger, chief. I'm going to make the arrangements right away."
###Chapter 1080
Chapter 1080
About eight hours later, Bonnie's private plane touched down at the Yale international airport.
The moment they arrived at the hotel, one of her men sent word that the leader of the Dark Knights had arrived.
She couldn't help but raise her delicate eyebrows.
"I've barely arrived at Yale. How is it that he learned about it so quickly? Did he send someone to stalk me?"
"I don't think that's what he did, but I wouldn't be surprised if he sent someone to keep an eye on your movements." Collin responded, "I've also gotten news that he had just touched down at Yale."
At the next moment, a strange feeling rose within his chest again.
'I just can't shake the feeling that the leader of the Dark Knights is somewhat similar to Ivor Knight. But that's just my speculation. I'm not about to say anything until I have a rock-solid proof for my claim.'
"Oh?" She raised her eyebrow. "What are the odds?"
Leaning back on the couch, she waved at the man who brought this news to her. "Let him in."
"Copy that." Her man exited the room swiftly before leading Ivor in here.
"I've just touched down at the airport, and yet you're already here in my hotel room. You've been keeping tabs on things, I see."
His lips curled into a grin when he noticed her inquisitive tone. However, there was no joy in his eyes. "After all, the Nidhogg is one of the major international organizations, and you're its leader. It's only normal that everyone has their eyes on you wherever you go."
It was hard to tell if he was trying to compliment her or make fun of her.
She adopted a profound, meaningful expression and said, "If that's the case, then you should do your job as the leader of the Dark Knights and welcome me with a red carpet. Otherwise, how will you honor my identity as a leader of one of the major international organizations? Wouldn't you say?"
'Geez. He's quick. I'm quite surprised that he could dish out a sarcastic remark back at me so quickly.'
Ivor smiled and sat across from Bonnie.
"I'm more than happy to do it if that's what you want."
"It's not about what I want. You're the one who offered to do it. Don't you think I would've squandered your good intentions if I turned you down?" Her lips curled into a grin, the slight sarcasm in her tone was
unmistakable.
Raising his eyebrow, he chuckled a couple of times.
"You just won't let up, will you? It doesn't matter what anyone says, you just have to argue and shut your opponent up. How am I supposed to make friends with you if you're going to keep this up?"
'Truth be told, I saw a little bit of Bonnie in the leader of the Nidhoggs. She was just the same when I first knew her. She had such a sharp tongue.
'I'm not put off or anything. As a matter of fact, I find that people who speak like this tend to have a strong character.'
She glanced at him nonchalantly. "My friends don't usually come at me with sarcasm."
A hint of helplessness flashed in his eyes. "I'm sorry. If what I said made you feel uncomfortable, then I hope you'll forgive me."
'If this had been another person, then I wouldn't have give a damn about how he feels. However, I need his help. So, it's better for me to apologize.
'It doesn't have to be anything too solemn, either. What matters is that he gets my meaning.'
###Chapter 1081
Chapter 1081
'With that said, he can forget it if he wants a formal, sincere apology from me. After all, Bonnie is the only one I've met who could make me concede,' Ivor thought to himself.
Bonnie smiled in response, but it wasn't genuine at all. "It's okay. I was just making a joke.
Seizing the opportunity, he changed the topic and said, "I trust that you received news about Falcon being in District Nine. What are you going to do next?"
'The moment I received news about Falcon, I wanted to contact him and discuss our next move. But, I've been busy working and keeping Bonnie company. So, I didn't have the time to do it.
Bonnie grew stern the moment he brought up Falcon.
"My guys have narrowed down the places that he'd go to. So, let's observe him for the time being and wait until we can further narrow it down. That's when we'll take action."
He frowned. "Are we still going to sit on our thumbs? I'm running a huge risk if you do that."
"The Nidhogg's chip has a fourth password, so it's safe. However, Falcon could spend the 1.6 billion dollars on my bank card.
'He's moving too slowly. It's not going to keep my money safe.'
She took a sip of the tea and put the cup down leisurely. "Do you expect me to believe that you didn't take any precautionary measures on your bank card? Didn't you put some sort of spending limit on it? Wouldn't you get any notifications if he spent a certain amount of money with it?"
He stared at her in shock. "How did you know about it?"
"Does this mean you did put a spending limit on it? If that's the case, what are you getting your panties in a bunch for? Why can't you just wait for me to set the whole thing up?"
'I know he's deliberately pushing me into taking action, but we can't just rush into it. After all, we can't even pinpoint Falcon's location. If we act recklessly, it's just going to backfire on us.'
On the other hand, Ivor didn't expect her to get him to spill the facts about his bank card just because he said something.
Taking a sip of tea, he calmed down and said, "It's true. I put a spending limit on the bank card, but my money is as good as gone if he found a way to transfer it to another bank account. That's why I'd appreciate it if you could move faster."
"If what you said is true, then the fourth password I've embedded in the chip is also useless. He could just find a way to crack it, too. Should he extract and use the key content in it, then I'm going to suffer bigger losses than you do."
Bonnie took a moment to relax before continuing, "I didn't mean anything by that. What I'm trying to tell you is that I'll make the arrangements before everything's too late. So, calm down."
Now that she put it this way, there was no reason for him to work himself up.
"Okay. Go ahead and do what you must. I want you to send word to me as soon as you're done making the arrangements."
She nodded and responded, "Sure."
Standing, he turned his head sideways and looked at Floyd. "Let's move."
"Copy that," Floyd responded and followed Ivor.
He didn't say anything until they were both outside. He asked, confused, "We've set spending limits on that bank card, Mr. Ivor. Falcon probably couldn't spend everything for the time being. So, why are you pushing for the leader of the Nidhoggs to act so quickly?"
Ivor looked into the distance. His voice was laden with distress when he spoke.
"That's because I learned something earlier today. Leaving Bonnie's side was agony for me, especially when we were only reunited for a short while before having to part ways again. It is particularly tormenting for me.
"I've just left her for a short few hours, but I can't wait to hop on the plane and reunite with her again..." Floyd fell silent and asked gingerly after a few moments. "So, you're not actually worried about Falcon transferring the money from the bank card.
"Instead, you pushed the leader of the Nidhoggs into action because you missed Ms. Bonnie and wanted to get back to her side as soon as possible. Is that right?"
###Chapter 1082
Chapter 1082
Ivor raised his eyebrow, turned around, and glanced at Floyd.
"Why else? The 1.6 billion is important, but nothing is as important to me as my wife is, not even money,"
Floyd's lips twitched in response. "I'm getting a sharp feeling that you're completely blinded by love, Mr. Ivor."
'Come to think of it, Ivor used to be like this, too. It's just that he still cared enough to mask it and make it less obvious. Now that he's married to Bonnie, he no longer cares about it and lets it show.'
"Blinded by love? What do you mean?" Ivor looked confused.
He had probably never heard about this phrase.
"It means all you care about is your romantic partner and your relationship with her. You care about it so much that you'd risk everything because you've lost your good sense."
Actually, Floyd gave him a rather reserved explanation.
Although Ivor wasn't as bad as what he had described, the former was getting dangerously close to it.
On the other hand, Ivor openly admitted it.
"I think you're onto something. After all, I am willing to give up everything for Bonnie, even if it means losing my good sense,"
Floyd's lips twitched aggressively in response.
'Actually, Ivor and Bonnie loved each other deeply. Both of them worked on the relationship very hard, too. Moreover, she's very reliable, kindhearted, and incredible. So, I guess it's fine that he's blinded by love.'
Realizing that Floyd didn't intend to continue the topic, Ivor started walking outside.
"Let's go back. I have to figure out a way to spur the Nidhoggs into action. They're not going to do anything except wait if we leave it to them."
"Got it, Mr. Ivor," Floyd responded and followed his master immediately.
Back in Bonnie's hotel room, she touched her searing ears and frowned. "Is anyone missing me or cursing me?"
Collin was confused. He asked, "What makes you say that, Bonnie?"
"It feels like my ears are burning. Someone might be missing me or cursing me." She rubbed her ears, trying to soothe them. However, nothing she did could bring down the temperature in them.
All of a sudden, he smacked his thigh and said, "I-I got it!"
He spoke so loudly that she turned to look at him. The disdain in her expression was unmistakable.
"What do you mean?"
"You said it feels like your ears are burning. Isn't that because Ivor misses you and keeps wondering about you? What else could it be?" Collin voiced his thoughts.
At first, she was stunned. Then, she came to her senses, and her lips curled into a grin.
"I think you're right. He misses me."
"What do you mean? He surely misses you." Collin gave her a playful look. "I think I don't need to have dinner tonight. I've lost my appetite, looking at the two of you."
She rolled her eyes at him, exasperated. "Do you have to be this dramatic?"
"Do you want to look in the mirror and see for yourself how your lips are constantly curling up?" He shook his head as if he couldn't look at her anymore.
###Chapter 1083
Chapter 1083
"Trust me when I say I'm being pretty conservative when I comment on you and Ivor. You guys are so corny, even if you're this far away from each other. I can't imagine how inhumane it will be for us single fellows when you guys are standing next to each other."
Bonnie scoffed in response. "If you find it so inhumane, you could always find yourself a girlfriend and give us a taste of our own medicine."
Collin shook his head vigorously. "Forget it. The wise never commits himself to a relationship. I think I'd rather stay away from any romantic partner."
She couldn't help but raise her eyebrows. "Is that a swipe at me? Are you insinuating that I became a fool as soon as I fell in love with Ivor?"
"Not at all. When have I said anything like that?" He met her sarcastic gaze and explained hastily,
"What I'm trying to say is that only highly intelligent people like you and Ivor have the right to be in a romantic relationship. It's a hard pass for me, though.
"I'm not smart, to begin with. Committing myself to a relationship is just going to take away my mental energy and dumb me down so much that I can't execute my missions."
He was so over the top that it made her laugh.
"Fine. I'm not going to argue anymore. Go on and keep an eye on District Nine. I want you to let me know as soon as you have news about Falcon. I'm going to go over myself."
Collin's expression grew stern at the mention of Falcon.
"Alright, chief. I'm on it."
Waving her hand, she said, "Okay. Do it now. Meanwhile, I'm going to grab some shut-eye."
In the blink of an eye, it was evening.
Bonnie was having dinner at the restaurant when Collin came in and ate with her. He was also here with some big news.
"From what I've gathered, the leader of the organizations in District Nine is going to have some kind of party in the underground market. Falcon is such an important figure to them. It stands to reason that they'd bring him along to have some fun."
He paused a little before continuing, "It just so happens that we have connections to the underground market. Should I get our names on the list so we could sneak in and have fun ourselves?"
"That would be great. Otherwise, it'll be harder for us to sneak into the party. Can you imagine how troublesome it would be? Just use your connection if you have it. There's no need to hold anything back."
'I'm going to seize this opportunity and get a picture of how things work in the District Nine organization. It'll help me when I'm trying to capture Falcon,' she thought.
"Alrighty," he responded, "I'm going to get it done as soon as I'm done having dinner,"
She watched as he gobbled the food and couldn't help but shake her head.
"Do you think you can change the way you eat? I'm not even sure you chewed your food before you swallowed it. People are going to assume that I didn't feed you well if they didn't know any better."
'Actually, this habit of his dates back to before he joined my organization. He's had to worry about every meal ever since his parents abandoned him.
'I was trying to complete my training at the foot of the mountain when I discovered his talents. Then, I brought him back to the mountain and let him train with Master Cary.
'However, he was so used to worrying about every meal that it became a habit. He was subconsciously afraid of not having anything to eat.
'He might've been living a comfortable life now, but old habits die hard. He just can't seem to shake it off.
"Truth be told, it breaks my heart to see him like this. I said what I said because I want him to move on from the painful memories.'
Meanwhile, Collin heard what she said and paused a little. Then, he touched his lips and said to her in a smile, "Alright, chief. I'll do my best and work on my bad habits."
He was laughing in such a carefree manner that she felt a pang of guilt.
"It's fine. You don't have to change it. Just do whatever makes you feel good. With that said, you can only eat like this in front of me and the people of our organization. You'll have to watch your table manners when you're eating with someone else. Alright?"
He knew what she was doing and felt a warm, fuzzy feeling rising in his chest.
"You got it, chief. You guys are my family. Of course, I'm going to do whatever makes me feel good. I'll watch how I carry myself in front of outsiders, though."
She felt heartbroken and relieved at the same time. "Very well. Hurry up and eat. Once you're done, you'll get our names on that list."
###Chapter 1084
Chapter 1084
Later, Bonnie and Collin arrived at District Nine's underground market.
The moment she stepped foot in it, she was taken aback by the extravagant scene before her.
The place that the local organizations designated for the party was decorated entirely in precious gemstones. There were also all sorts of liquors on the table, such as tequila, brandy, wine, and more.
Not only were these stuff priceless, but they also signify the kind of power and influence the people here wielded.
Obviously, the people in this party came from some of the most prestigious organizations in District Nine.
Collin realized she was scanning the area and couldn't help but approach her.
He whispered, "How is it, chief? Did you find out anything?"
Bonnie yawned in response. "Nothing so far, but I can be sure about one thing."
"What is it?" He asked.
"There's something about this party. We just might run into Falcon here."
He lifted his chin proudly. "What did I say? I told you this party is where we need to be."
She shook her head helplessly. "You love showing off when you do something mildly successful. If only you could change this habit of yours."
Chuckling, he said, "Can't you tell it's because I want to show you how good I am?"
"Alright. Stop talking. Something's going on ahead." Narrowing her eyes, she raised her eyes and stared.
Realizing that her expression grew solemn, he couldn't help but adopt a stern expression as well. Then, he followed her gaze and saw it.
It was pitch black on the stage, except for a single spotlight illuminating the host, who was holding a microphone.
Collin couldn't help but frown at what he saw.
"What are they doing? Why does it look like they're trying to do something grand? I don't get it at all."
"I have no idea, either. Let's just wait and see." Rubbing her chin gently, she stared at the stage with unblinking eyes, contemplating.
'Usually, the hosts of this kind of party would intoxicate and excite their guests with cigarettes, liquors, and exquisite ladies.
'There are abundant of the first two items. The only thing that's left is exquisite ladies, which is something they might show on the stage now.'
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when the host on the stage started speaking, snapping her out of her trance.
Then, the host was still introducing something when his men rolled a cage from the side of the stage. With that said, a black cloth was draped over it. Top that off with the dim lighting on the stage, it was hard for anyone to see what was in there.
Collin saw it and leaned in close to Bonnie again.
"What do you think is in the cage, chief? Could it be something that's largely at odds with the laws of
Arvandor?"
"I'm not sure."
'In the past, I did join in on many parties such as this to complete my mission. However, this is the first time I've seen something like this. I can't possibly pass judgment on something I don't even know.' "What on earth are they doing? It's so mysterious. They're keeping us on the hook on purpose." He said.
###Chapter 1085
Chapter 1085
"Be patient and see what happens next. There's no need to be hasty." Bonnie patted Collin's shoulder, trying to comfort him.
She looked so calm and nonchalant that he couldn't help but ask, "Aren't you just a little curious about what they are doing, chief?"
"As a matter of fact, I am. However, we'll see it if we meant to see it. Acting hasty isn't going to help," she said leisurely.
Then, she heard yelling and whistling all around her. It was as if everyone saw something that piqued their interest and grew excited about it.
She turned her head and looked at the stage immediately. What she saw made her brows furrow.
As expected, there was a skimpily dressed lady locked in the cage. Her curvaceous figure was barely visible underneath her gauze outfit, making her look exceptionally s***.
However, she wore a mask, which meant no one knew how she looked.
At that moment, Bonnie heard Collin's voice. "It's no wonder they're this excited. It turns out they locked up a lady this exquisite in the cage. With that said, don't you think it's a little insulting to be treating a human being like a caged animal? Is it possible that she's forced to do this?"
"You have better stop thinking about this now, Collin. Both of us are treading in dangerous waters here. If we poke our noses where they don't belong and expose our real identity, we're both done for."
She knew clearly that he was very impulsive and got worried that he might actually do something without thinking. So, she had to remind him about it.
Meanwhile, he nodded. He understood what she was concerned about. So, his tone grew more solemn when she responded,
"I'm aware of that, chief. I'm just thinking out loud. Don't worry about me, I'm not going to do anything rash."
That made her feel better. "Okay. If we found out that she's actually forced to do this, or she came from a poor family, then I'll see what I can do for her. I want you to stay clear of this."
"No, can't do, chief. We walked into the belly of the beast together. That means we're walking out of here together. You might be worried that I'll act alone, but the feeling is mutual!" He said hastily, worried that she might deal with it by herself.
'I'm a tough man. It doesn't matter what happens to me. On the other hand, things are very different for Bonnie! What am I going to tell my friends in the organization if something happens to her? Or, worse. What if she's hurt?'
He sounded so nervous and concerned that it filled her with warmth.
"Alright. Don't worry about me, Collin. I won't act alone. I've been executing missions for years now. When have I put myself in dangerous situations?"
That made him feel immensely better. "Great."
Both of them were still chatting when the host started talking the audience up.
"Are you seeing this, guys? Mr. Micah prepared this pet for everyone just for tonight. She boasts a curvaceous figure and has silky skin as well as killer legs. I believe I don't have to tell you how good it's going to feel when you have your way with her on the bed.
"Just look at her figure and use your imagination, guys."
Collin frowned immediately when he heard the host addressing the lady that way, finding it insulting. "These people have no idea how to respect someone. How could he keep calling her a pet? How is that an appropriate way to address anyone?"
He was so righteous and furious that he spoke too loudly and drew unwanted attention to himself. Bonnie frowned and swept her eyes across her surroundings in an imposing way.
Everyone around her was so intimidated by her that they thought they couldn't afford to offend her. Then, they tore their gazes away and diverted their attention back to the exquisite lady in the cage.
Only then did she tone down a little. Turning her head sideways, she looked at Collin and reprimanded him,
"I told you, mind your tongue at a place like this! You might not be able to bear with what you see here. Well, tough! You're going to suck it up and deal with it!
"Otherwise, you're going to put yourself in danger because of your carelessness someday. You won't even have a chance to cry about it then!"
Collin heard what she said and felt as if he was transported to the past when Bonnie had just taken him in. She was this stern back then, too.
###Chapter 1086
'I have to say, I did become sloppier. What Bonnie said was a wake-up call for me.'
"Understood, chief! I won't make the same mistake again. I'll run things in my head before I speak or do anything."
Turning around, Bonnie stared at him solemnly. "Good. I said what I said because I wanted to teach you a lesson. I hope you understand that we're putting our lives on the line when we're executing the missions.
"It takes one slip, and you might just end up dead. You have to be more careful."
He nodded furiously, "Alright, chief. Loud and clear."
Cliff seemed to actually understand what she said, so she decided she could drop the matter and turn her attention to the stage again.
Suddenly, one of the organization leaders hollered at the host, "You claimed that she has a pair of killer legs. That, she does. As for her looks, however..."
He paused deliberately and glanced at the cage profoundly. "None of us can see what she looks like. So, how are we supposed to know if she's beautiful?"
The moment he said it, there was an uproar among the other organization leaders.
"He's right. You should ask the pet to show us her face so we can judge if she's, indeed, beautiful.”
"Hear, hear. From what I see, you guys are trying to auction her off and make us bid for a pleasurable night with her. But, how are we supposed to pay for her if we can't see what she looks like?" "Yeah. What are we supposed to do if the pet ended up having a great figure, but a less than ideal face?"
Not long after, more and more people joined in the uproar.
"Take her mask off and show us her face!"
"Mask. Off!"
"Let us see what she looks like!"
The host couldn't control the crowd. So, he asked his assistant to come on stage. "Hurry up and ask Mr. Micah if we can show his pet's face. I'm not in the place to make this decision."
After all, the hollering crowd was composed of organization leaders. He couldn't afford to offend them, not even one. Otherwise, one of them just might have his head removed from his body when he walked out of the venue.
"Roger," his assistant responded and darted to the backstage.
Before long, he ran back and whispered in the host's ears, "Mr. Micah said you could reveal half of her face and keep them hooked. Otherwise, they just might lose interest in her once the mystery is solved. Then, they won't be paying as much as they would've."
The host looked bitter at that.
"All Micah cares about is making money for himself. What's going to happen if I got everyone here to pay a huge amount of money, only for them to find that the pet isn't worth the price at all? 'I'll be the one who ends up paying the price for it!'
His assistant realized that he was hesitating. "Also, Mr. Micah wants me to pass you this message. The pet in the cage is none other than Yasmine. She won Best Actress at the Oscars recently. "So, he wants you not to worry about anything and go ahead and make them eager for her. They're going to be happy with their purchase by the end of the day."
"Y-Yasmine?!" The host's eyes widened. "Um. How did Mr. Micah manage to bag someone like her?"
"That's none of your concern. Just focus on doing your job." His assistant whispered and reminded him. The host gulped. Taking a deep breath, he composed himself before he said, "Loud and clear."
###Chapter 1087
Collin noticed the change in the host's expression and asked Bonnie, "What do you think that guy told the host, chief? Why's he looking so weird?"
"It's probably something about the lady in the cage." Bonnie started analyzing, "I can't think of another reason."
He nodded and said, "I guess you're right. After all, the others started freaking out over the same topic.'
Bonnie looked at the lady in the cage with inquisitive eyes.
'Judging from what they hollered earlier, this lady is going to be auctioned off later. I have no idea if she's forced to do this or if she ran into some issues in life and made a deal with someone. 'Whatever the real reason may be, there's one thing that I'm sure of. She couldn't have done it out of her own will.
'After all, who in their right mind will auction themselves off like they are a piece of merchandise?
'At first, I didn't want to poke my nose into this matter, but I'm a lady, too. I feel sorry for her. I just can't help it. Perhaps I'll see how it turns out and find a way to give her a hand.' She was still in the middle of her thought when she heard the host's voice again.
"It seems everyone wants to take a look at her face, and Mr. Micah is ready to grant you your wishes!"
With that, he gave the bodyguard a look.
The bodyguard, who was standing to the side, knew what he meant and approached the cage. Everyone stuck their necks out, trying to see what the caged lady looked like.
Meanwhile, Collin and Bonnie swept their eyes across the entire venue, trying to locate Falcon while everyone was distracted by what was going on the stage.
However, they searched for him a long time, only to turn up empty-handed.
"This is weird. Where the heck is Falcon?" Collin rubbed the back of his head. His tone was filled with bewilderment when he spoke.
"He has the chip as well as the 1.6 billion dollars with him. If logic prevails, these organization leaders would've been worshiping him by now. So, how is it possible they didn't bring him to this kind of party?" "They probably knew that we were hunting for Falcon and hid him somewhere. They wouldn't let him show up in public," she said as she frowned. "In fact, we should've thought of it sooner. We'll never find Falcon here."
Collins felt guilty at once.
"I'm sorry, chief. This is all my fault. I gave you the wrong idea.”
"It's okay." She shook her head. "This trip isn't entirely pointless, Collin. I knew how the hierarchy works in this organization, at the very least."
"Huh?" He was puzzled. "How did you see through it already, chief? I can't tell a single thing about it."
"It's simple. Here, if you don't understand it, then I'm going to show you how it works."
"Just lay it on me, chief." He couldn't wait to find out how she saw through the whole thing.
"First off, this Micah fellow has to be an important figure in District Nine to throw a party this big. He even managed to gather every organization leader here.
"With that said, one of them asked the host to reveal the caged lady's face. For him to have the guts to say something like that, he has to be even more powerful than Micah.
"If my assumptions are correct, he has got to be the most prominent figure in District Nine. That's why it doesn't matter how much the bidding price is in the end because no one's going to compete with him to win the lady in the auction."
Collin finally understood what was going on. He was about to say something, but he heard some dispirited sighs around him.
"Huh? Are they only showing us half of her face?"
###Chapter 1088
One of them let out a gasp when the lights shone on her fully.
"Do you guys realize something? Doesn't the pet remind you of Yasmine Howell?"
"Yasmine? Are you talking about the gorgeous celebrity who had just won the Best Actress Award at the Oscars? It would be worth spending a fortune if it's really her."
"Mr. Micah must've paid through his nose to get his hands on the Best Actress! How exciting."
"Actually, she might be Yasmine. After all, we only see half of her face. Perhaps she just looks like Yasmine."
Collin grumble, "Yasmine? Why does it sound more familiar every time they mention her name?"
Bonnie, who was sitting next to him, raised her delicate eyebrows.
"Did you see it?"
He looked around nervously and asked, "What do you mean?"
"This Yasmine they keep talking about is an Arvandorian."
She had planned on lending the lady a hand. Now that she saw that the caged lady is an Arvandorian, Bonnie was more committed to helping her.
"I saw it. Is it something I should be looking out for?" He didn't quite get what she was getting at.
"It's nothing." Realizing that he didn't understand what she meant, Bonnie dropped the matter.
Meanwhile, everyone was fighting for the lady, even if they only saw half of her face. After all, she resembled the gorgeous Yasmine very much.
The host started the bid at a low 100 thousand dollars.
Be that as it may, the bidders raised the price all the way to six million dollars.
Just as the price reached 13 million dollars, the host stopped them. "W-Wait a minute, everyone. Hold your horses."
All of them were extremely displeased that the host stopped them.
"What are we waiting for? Are you going to call off the bidding?"
The host explained hastily, "That's not what's happening here. Mr. Micah said that he'd reveal the pet's face if the bidding price reached 13 million dollars. I wonder if you guys are up for it." "What kind of question is that? Of course we want to see it!" It was the same person who asked to see the caged lady's face earlier. "Hurry up and do it now. Stop keeping us on the hook." "Alright. I'm going to ask one of my men to take off her mask now." The host wiped the sweat off his forehead.
At the next moment, he gave his bodyguard a look and hinted for him to act immediately.
'After all, I can't afford to offend this man. In fact, even Micah would think twice before he crosses him.'
The bodyguard picked up his pace and went over to the cage before yanking off the lady's mask.
The next thing they knew, they were graced with an exceptionally stunning face.
All of them take a sharp breath as they stared at her face, unable to come back to their senses for a long time.
All of a sudden, one of them yelled,
"It's Yasmine! I can't believe it. It's really her! I'm going to bid for her. I'm doing it!"
"I love her with all my heart and soul! I have to bid for her."
"I've been in love with her for a long time. Step aside, guys!"
All of their faces and ears were red as they raised their auction paddle and bade on Yasmine.
"20 million dollars!"
"27 million dollars!"
"40 million dollars!"
###Chapter 1089
In the end, someone raised the bidding price to a whopping 130 million dollars.
It was none other than the same man who wanted Yasmine to reveal her face.
Bonnie had guessed that he'd be the one who'd purchase Yasmine.
As expected, the other organization leaders swapped glances after this man shouted a 130 million dollars. Then, nobody dared raise the bid anymore.
All of them had wanted a sexy night with Yasmine, but they'd rather keep living instead. After all, that guy was one of the most fearsome figures in District Nine. Why wouldn't they be wary of him? Collin saw the moment and couldn't resist smacking his thighs.
"Dang! Your analysis is on point, chief. Ever since he shouted his price, these organization leaders didn't have the guts to raise the bid anymore. It looks like he rules over them."
She nodded. "That's why it's important to observe everything if you want to acquire every bit of information."
"Alright. I promise I'm going to train my eyeballs on him and never let him out of my sight." He responded swiftly.
In fact, it seemed the host had also guessed the same outcome because he, too, didn't look surprised at all.
"Here we go. Going once on 130 million dollars. Going twice. No one's going to bid, huh? Sold! Mr. Billy has won the bid for a pleasurable night with the Best Actress, Yasmine!"
Everyone started applauding and cheering, "You go, Mr. Billy. You're the man!"
The ceaseless hollering was so booming that it made Bonnie's ears ring. She had to cover them quickly so she could prevent her eardrums from being damaged.
Meanwhile, Billy straightened up his clothes while the cheers went on.
Standing up, he addressed everyone, "You're all too kind. I'm only able to grasp such a wonderful opportunity because you were willing to give way to me. With that said, there's no need to feel downtrodden if you missed her tonight.
"I'll have a wonderful time with Yasmine for a while before turning her over to all of you."
He was merely putting it nicely. Everyone knew what he really meant.
Bonnie might've reminded Collin a lot of times now, but he still couldn't control himself after he heard Billy's little speech. He barked, "How sickening!"
Instead of responding to him, she raised her head and stared ahead. It just so happened that she met Yasmine's gaze. The caged lady's delicate eyes were hazy and had lost focus.
Obviously, they drugged her so much that she no longer had her wits about her.
'They must've used some ominous means to abduct her and bring her here! After all, she's the Best Actress that everyone knows and loves. She has a bright future ahead of her. Why would she sell her body like this?
'More to the point, she's an Arvandorian and I know for a fact that we Arvandorians have our pride. It's simply impossible for us to be doing something like this.'
At the thought of it, she couldn't hold herself back anymore. She intended to stand up and do something.
Sensing that there was something unusual about her, Collin asked hastily, "What's the matter, chief?"
"I want you to go to the backstage with me later."
"Why?" He didn't quite grasp what she was trying to do.
"I can tell that they drugged the poor lady. She doesn't have her wits about her right now. I have to save her." She voiced her intentions out loud.
His eyes widened in shock. "B-But, the place is teeming with the people from the District Nine organizations. The backstage is reserved for the powerful, elite group of authority figures. Surely, they have tighter security over there."
He then said, "What are we going to do if you run into danger? No way. I won't let you go!"
"I can't stand here and watch while they ruin a perfectly fine lady." She said. Then, she saw a bodyguard pushing Yasmine's cage backstage.
Instead of waiting for his response, she stood up and darted toward the backstage.
"This is an emergency. Stop dilly-dallying and keep up with me!"
###Chapter 1090
Collin thought to himself, 'Given Bonnie's character, I really should've known she'd intervene.'
'We're in a world of danger now, but I'm going to risk my life and keep her safe, no matter what happens later.'
Both of them raced backstage and climbed to the top floor before they finally saw Yasmine being rolled into one of the luxurious rooms.
Billy had not made it there yet. So, Yasmine was still safe for the time being.
Leaning close to Collin, Bonnie whispered, "Go around to the back. Find a car and wait for me. I'm going to stay here and save Yasmine when I have the perfect window." He shook his head. "No way in hell, chief. We're in this together. That means we will either stay here or leave this place together. I'm not going to leave you here alone." "It's not going to do us any good if both of us stay here and save Yasmine. We won't be able to get away from this hellhole if there's no one to spring us out of here." Reaching out, she patted him on the shoulder. "Do as I say, and we'll get away in one piece. Otherwise, we're just putting ourselves in greater danger."
He frowned. "You might have a point, chief, but—"
Before he could finish, she cut him off. "Stop with the 'buts' and get a move on. Find us a getaway car now."
He was still going to say something, but he heard a series of footsteps, which were followed by chattering.
"You're going to have what you want tonight, Mr. Billy. This is Yasmine we're talking about here. I could just imagine how gratifying it would be to taste her sweet nectar."
Coarse laughter escaped Billy's throat. "Hahaha! I know you guys are eager to do it too. So, I'm going to taste it first and find out just how pleasurable it will be before I let you guys have your turn. "After all, I consider you guys as my closest friends. Do you think I wouldn't have thought of you all?"
All the organization leaders swapped glances and burst into leering laughter.
"Hahaha! How generous, Mr. Billy! It's so you to be looking out for us!"
"Hear, hear. I've never known anyone more generous and giving than Mr. Billy."
"You're such a wonderful friend, Mr. Billy. We made the right choice to swear loyalty to you and work for you. I'm sure you'll think of us whenever you come across something wonderful!" All of them were lining up to kiss Billy's a***.
On the other hand, Billy was extremely pleased with it and had a triumphant grin.
"Why, of course. You guys are my best friends. I'll never forget about you guys!"
All of them cheered again and continued to laud him as a great leader. Meanwhile, the staff brought all of them to the door of the room where Yasmine was kept.
"Ms. Yasmine is behind the door, Mr. Billy."
"Alright. I got it from here. You may leave now." Billy waved at the staff before turning around to glance at his group of friends. "This is where we'll part ways. Once I'm done having fun with her, I'll have someone send her to you."
All of them praised him to the high heavens before leaving.
Bonnie gave Collin a look. Lowering her voice, she said, "Go, now. We have no time to lose."
Collin looked at her hesitantly.
She knew he was reluctant to leave. Frowning, she asked, "What are you waiting for? Are you going to go against my orders?"
He couldn't win with her in an argument. So, he had no choice but to agree to do things her way.
"Alright. I'm going to leave now. Watch your back, chief."
She nodded. "Okay. I won't put myself in danger."
Feeling better at what she said, he proceeded to leave.
Back in the luxurious room, Yasmine closed her eyes, and her muddled mind started to clear up gradually. Turning her stiff neck, she slowly stood up from the cage.
###Chapter 1091
"Yawn... I'm completely worn out. This mission is not fun at all.”
Suddenly, she heard a soft click and saw the door swinging open.
Then, Billy strode in. The moment he saw Yasmine, who stood up from the cage, a wicked grin crept up his face. "Howdy! Has the drug worn off, my sweet Yasmine? It's just about time. Now, you can serve and pleasure me." Meanwhile, she pretended to be struck with fear. "B-Billy? What are you doing here? Wait a minute. Why am I here?
"The last thing I remember is that the award ceremony's tonight. I drank a glass of wine and felt dizzy. Then, I asked my agent to help me to my hotel room to rest. I shouldn't have―" She stopped speaking abruptly.
"Is there something wrong with the glass of wine? Did you ask one of your men to spike my drink, Billy? I can't believe it. You wanted me so bad that you resorted to such loathsome trickery!" She retched internally while she spoke.
'Gah. I'm not cut out for this kind of powerless and vulnerable character, but my boss assigned this mission to me. I have no choice but to suck it up and do it.
'Speaking of, Billy had always used despicable tricks to try to get his grubby paws on me. It's just that I'm smart and dodged them. That's why he didn't get his way. He's such a p*** that he makes me physically ill.
'I wouldn't even have talked to the likes of him if it wasn't for the sake of the mission. I guess it's worth it. I'll have a chance to teach him a lesson when the mission is over.
Her lips twitched.
'Billy is such a narcissistic prick.'
Billy continued to walk closer with a p*** smile on his face. "You don't have to concern yourself with that. All you have to know is that I own you tonight. You're going to please me and make sure I have a good time. I promise you'll be rewarded handsomely if you do!"
Noticing how he was basically charging at her, she pretended to be vulnerable and helpless.
"I don't want a reward. Get away from me, now."
"Tsk tsk tsk..." He shook his head, the p*** grin on his face growing all the more intense. "Oh, my sweet Yasmine. Your reaction only makes me want you more."
"Come here." He opened his arms wide and said, "Come to Papa. Let me give you the kind of pleasure you've never had before!"
She stuck to her act and pretended to lean backward fearfully. "No. Don't come over here. Please, I'm begging you. Would you please stand where you are?"
"That's a resounding no, baby." He chuckled before pouncing on her, trying to seize her.
Just as he was about to lay his grubby paws on her, she ducked out of the way swiftly. All he managed to grab was the hem of her dress.
It made him feel as if he was being played for a fool. In a matter of a second, his face fell.
"Stop being so naughty, baby. Come over here and let me love you."
At the next moment, he charged at her again. She dodged him once more.
The same thing happened over and over again. She could see his face gradually turning red from rage and she grinned.
'What a moron. Does he really think he can catch me? Dream on!'
By then, Billy's patience had reached its limit. The way he glared at her, it looked like he couldn't wait to flay her skin right there and then.
"You have better come over here before I get mad. Otherwise, you're going to pay dearly when I start getting serious!"
###Chapter 1092
Yasmine sniffed, her eyes turning red.
"I'm begging you, Billy. Let me go."
"Heh..." A malicious grin crept up his face as he spoke. "I spent 130 million dollars on you and yet, here you are, asking me to set you free. Do you think it's going to happen?"
With that, he gripped her arm tightly before flinging her to the bed.
She went along with the momentum and allowed herself to fall onto the bed.
As he took menacing steps toward her, she pretended to be scared and crawled backward. Eventually, she reached the edge and there was nowhere else to go. All she could do was stare at him tearfully. "Please, Billy. I'm begging you. Let me go."
However, he had no such intentions. Reaching out, he was about to grope her supple b***.
That was when she quietly reached behind the back of his neck and struck him fiercely.
"Ah!" He let out a guttural scream before passing out from the sneak attack.
Meanwhile, she looked at Billy, who was unconscious and lying on the bed listlessly. Then, she sneered and withdrew her hand.
"Heh! It's like taking candy from a baby! You don't have what it takes to do anything to me, Billy."
After that, she pulled out something she had prepared beforehand and an antique pocket watch. Then, she propped him up to a sitting pose and struck two of his vital points.
All of a sudden, his eyes snapped open, and he stared straight into her eyes.
Anyone would've been freaked out when they saw something like this, but not Yasmine. She was used to something like this. Crossing her feet, she sat on the bed and swung the watch slowly in front of his eyes, hypnotizing him.
Eventually, his expression gradually grew dull. It was time. So, she started asking him a few simple questions.
Billy answered everything correctly. That meant the hypnosis was a success.
She proceeded to wait several seconds longer.
Realizing that he wasn't sobering up, she asked him the important questions.
"Rumor has it that your organization lent a hand to someone called Falcon recently, Billy. He holds a chip as well as a bank card that has 1.6 billion dollars in it. Have you these things before?"
He shook his head in response. "I-I've seen the chip, b-but not the bank card. In fact, I didn't know that he had that kind of money with him."
'How cunning. This Falcon character is smart enough to keep some things to himself. After all, the whole world knows that he has the chips, but no one knows that he has 1.6 billion dollars with him. 'That's why he wouldn't dare to spend it for the time being. Actually, the chip matters more than the money.'
"Did you guys try to crack the chip, then?"
He frowned in response. It seemed that he was fighting hard not to respond to this particular question. However, he gave her the answer eventually. "We did!"
She asked again, "Have you guys gotten anywhere with it?"
"N-No. The last two passwords were too complicated. N-Not even my lackeys, who are professional technicians, could crack it." His forehead was covered with sweat as he spoke.
It was a sign of him resisting her questioning. Frowning, she hurried on to ask the next big question.
"Where's Falcon now? Does he have the chip? Or, are you guys holding onto it?"
Billy's brows knitted tightly as beads of sweat rolled down the side of his forehead.
He parted his lips as if he was about to answer the question. However, he was resisting her so much on the inside that his body started exhibiting unusual signs.
Realizing that he could break out of her hypnosis at any time, she swung the pocket watch in front of him and tried hypnotizing him again.
"Tell me what I want to know, and I'll give you the thing you want the most."
He was still wrestling with himself, sweating profusely as he did.
Her frown grew deeper.
'Surprise, surprise. I didn't count on him to be this mentally fortified. I've hypnotized him for this long, and yet he's still keeping his mouth shut. I have no other choices now. I'll have to use that move.' She proceeded to hit several of his vital points before swinging the pocket watch in front of his eyes at a faster rate this time.
###Chapter 1093
Bonnie, who was hiding behind the curtains, was shocked.
'Here I was, thinking Yasmine was a harmless, helpless lady. It turns out she's actually immensely capable. Dangerous, even.
'I've studied hypnosis a little. Nothing too deep, honestly. But, even I can tell that the hypnosis she's employing right now is something that was lost to time. 'This particular hypnosis required a complete mastery in order to wield it. If she makes so much as a misstep, then Billy might end up a drooling fool.
'From the looks of it, however, she's very proficient. Obviously, she has done it quite frequently.
'She had won the Oscars as well as the adoration from countless fans. However, she's adept at wielding an extremely intricate hypnosis.
'The juxtaposition of her current action and her reputation doesn't make sense. I wonder what's her real identity. What's more, she even brought up the chip and the 1.6 billion dollars.
'Is it possible that one of the competing organizations sent her here to snatch the chip away from us?'
Bonnie was no longer sure if she should save Yasmine. 'I think it's wiser for me to stay back and see how things unfold.'
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when Yasmine finished the hypnosis.
Then, Yasmine continued to ask Billy about the chip.
This time, he finally muttered something, "Chip. The chip..."
"Where is it?" She leaned in closer to him.
All of her sudden, she had a sinking feeling in her gut. Her sixth sense told her to duck away swiftly.
Once she got a good look, she saw that Billy was pointing a dagger at her, his face was brimming with an unfeeling coldness and menace.
His eyes were so vicious, as if he was about to cut her to ribbons at any given time.
Her heart skipped a beat. 'I thought I managed to hypnotize him. How did it fail?'
She hopped off the bed swiftly as she racked her brain for an answer.
Standing from the bed, he said, "How dare you try to fool me with such petty tricks? I've known for a long time that you aren't an ordinary lady.
"Imagine my surprise when I found out you harbor such an incredible secret! Who on earth sent you here to hypnotize me and collect information about the chip?!"
Yasmine decided to ditch her act and stopped pretending to be a helpless, vulnerable lady. Her lips curled into a cold grin when she spoke,
"Do you really want to know? You'll have to catch me first."
Bonnie heard what Yasmine said and felt impressed.
'Yasmine is kind of forthright and bold. I like her. I'd love to become friends with her if her organization and mine don't turn out to be rivals.' "Heh..." Billy sneered. "You're thinking that I can't capture you."
At the next moment, he fished something out of his pocket and pressed on it.
Wee-oo, Wee-oo...
The entire room... Nay, the entire underground market was blaring with a high-pitched noise from the security alarm.
It sounded so shrill that it unnerved everyone who heard it.
The bodyguards who were guarding the door, as well as those patrolling the perimeters, heard it and raced upstairs.
"Something went wrong over at Mr. Billy's room! Get a move on, guys!"
"Move your a*** to the top floor!"
"Go, now!"
A group of bodyguards rushed upstairs.
She saw through the window the frightening number of bodyguards making their way there and felt the hair on the back of her neck stood up.
###Chapter 1094
At the same time, Ivor raised his hand and checked the time.
Looking sideways, he said to Floyd, "If Yasmine is as capable as I know she is, she should've gotten the information by now. Get in touch with her and send someone to get her out of that place." "Roger, Mr. Ivor," Floyd responded and pulled his phone out.
He gave a call to her, but no one answered it. His face fell as he raised his head and stared at his boss.
"What should I do, Mr. Ivor? I can't reach her."
"Huh?" He frowned and pulled out a communication device that was exclusive to his organization.
He contacted her to no avail.
"This is bad. She must've run into some trouble." His brows knitted tighter as he spoke. "Pull the car around. I have to go there and see what's going on."
"Copy that." Floyd was perfectly aware that they couldn't afford to lose a single minute. So, he left to do his boss's bidding.
Before long, they hit the road and were on their way to the underground market.
Meanwhile, Yasmine stared as the bodyguards swarmed their way to her room.
She frowned slightly and asked, "Did you set the whole thing up with Micah just so you could lure me into a trap?"
The fact was that it didn't take a genius to figure that out.
After all, Billy was the leader of the District Nine organization. If Micah wanted to win his favor, he could've just served her on a silver platter, instead of auctioning her off.
'It's a shame that the drug he gave me hampered my good sense. That's why I didn't even pause to think about it and fell into their trap!'
"Looks like you're not that big of a fool, Yasmine. It's just that you're not smart enough to figure us out, either." A thick sense of menace was brimming in his eyes. Clenching his fists, he charged at her.
On the other hand, she was ready to take him on. In a matter of seconds, both of them were locked in combat.
To his surprise, she was a very tough fighter. He couldn't gain the upper hand in this brawl.
The menace in his expression intensified as he spoke, "I've underestimated you, Ms. Best Actress! With that said, it doesn't matter that I can't overpower you. I've got reinforcements." "Heh!" Yasmine sneered and wagged her finger at him. "Stop fighting like a chicken and come at me!"
He sneered in response. "All of my men are rushing here right now. Shouldn't you be groveling at my feet and begging for mercy? Are you sure you want to keep taunting me?" He inched closer toward her as he spoke.
"If you ask me, you should get down on your knees and tell me everything I want to know. I can see my way of sparing your life if you tell me who sent you and please me on the bed."
"Who asked you?" Yasmine lifted her chin proudly. "Who do you think you are? Why should I listen to anything you say?"
"Why, you little-" He was so enraged that his face turned dark. "Looks like you want to do this the hard way, huh? You're going to pay for this!"
"I'm here, aren't I? Stop messing around and come at me with everything you've got." All she wanted to do was end this fight quickly and find an escape route. She had no intention to waste her time talking with him.
"You'll die for this!" Clenching his fists, he threw himself at her.
She held no punches and fought him with everything she had. Both of them were evenly matched and fought to a tie.
All of a sudden, a loud b*** could be heard.
Billy's bodyguards kicked the door open. All of them were shocked when they saw their leader in a tussle with Yasmine.
"W-What are you doing fighting with Yasmine, Mr. Billy? Aren't you supposed to be having your way with her?"
"She's a spy. Get the f*** over here and f*** seize her now!" Billy's patience was reaching its end because he spent a long time fighting her and got no closer to subduing her. "She's a spy?!"
Then, his bodyguards fanned out and surrounded her while closing in on her at the same time.
"What are you guys waiting for? Do it, now. She mustn't escape! I'll send all of you to the basement and torture you there if she f*** gets away!"
Clearly, he had lost his patience entirely.
His bodyguards heard what he said and didn't dare to linger. At the next moment, they swarmed over Yasmine and attacked her.
###Chapter 1095
At first, Yasmine could fend the bodyguards off. However, it started draining her when they kept swarming to her, outnumbering her.
"Phew!"
She had just taken a breath when another bodyguard charged at her. Fists after fists swung her way and hit her, all of them as big as a boulder.
Her stamina was about to be completely drained. She realized she could no longer fight them as hard as she did, so she had to move swiftly and dodge their attacks.
Just as she ducked backward, her strained feet couldn't support her weight and momentum. She wobbled.
Billy saw it and his lips curled into a cold, malicious grin. Then, he pulled out a pistol and aimed it at her.
Bonnie, who was hiding behind the curtain, saw what he was going to do and decided she couldn't keep hiding forever.
'It doesn't matter if Yasmine is friend or foe, she's an Arvandorian, same as me. I'll do my good deed of the day and lend her a hand.'
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when she saw Billy was about to pull the trigger. She barked immediately, "Watch out!"
Nobody expected someone else to be here. Bonnie's disguised presence startled everyone.
Yasmine was stunned, too. It only lasted a moment, though. She snapped out of her trance and saw the pistol Billy was aiming at her.
At the next moment, she ducked out of the way. To her surprise, he had predicted where she'd dodge to and fired the pistol.
"B***!"
The bullet soared through the air and buried itself firmly into one of Yasmine's thighs.
"Argh!" She let out a blood-curdling scream.
Yasmine started sweating profusely. She curled up and backed off into the corner slowly as she clutched her thigh, blood oozing out of the bullet wound.
'I can't believe that Billy can predict where she was going to dodge. It was impossible to guard myself against him!'
Even Bonnie was surprised that Yasmine still got hurt, even after she reminded the latter about the imminent attack.
Then, she pulled out a smoke grenade from her pouch and tossed it to the crowd. In a matter of a second, smoke filled the entire room, disorienting everyone and obstructing their vision temporarily. Billy raised his voice and barked, "Yasmine has an ally. Keep your senses sharp and pinpoint their location. Don't let them escape!"
"Roger!" His bodyguards responded to him in unison.
Be that as it may, Bonnie had augmented her smoke grenade. Not only did it disorient its victims, but it also blinded them for a short time.
That was why his bodyguards weren't able to see anything, let alone capture her and Yasmine. Even Yasmine's vision was shrouded in darkness, while the pain on her thigh continued to intensify.
'Billy might've claimed that I have an ally, but I know for a fact that I came alone. So, I can't be sure if the person who let loose a smoke grenade is a friend or foe.
'I mean, what I am going to do if the person turns out to have some ill intentions for me?
'I'm a tough lady and I don't scare easily, but I have to say that fear is creeping into me right now. Oh, dear. How I wish someone could lend me a hand in this kind of situation.'
She was still in the middle of her thoughts when someone swooped her up. Then, she heard a charming voice.
"Wrap your arms around my neck, I'm getting you out of here."
That stunned Yasmine. Raising her head, she looked at the person and saw his sexy Adam's apple as well as a defined jawline.
It looked like her savior was a handsome guy.
She couldn't explain it, but she felt very safe in his presence.
###Chapter 1096
On top of that, her savior's arms might not have been thick and strong, but it was the kind of arm she wanted in her future boyfriend! Sensing Yasmine's intense gaze, Bonnie lowered her eyes and looked at her.
"Don't stare at me like that. I'm not used to it."
The moment Bonnie lowered her head, Yasmine saw how delicate and graceful she looked and was stunned even more.
"Y-You're such a handsome man."
Yasmine had spent a lot of time in the entertainment industry. Naturally, she had seen countless handsome, stunning men. However, she was rooted to the spot when she saw the "man" before her!
"This is not the time for this, miss." A sense of helplessness flashed in Bonnie's eyes. "Also, would you please stop staring at me? You're making me feel uneasy, and that's going to distract me from what we're doing right now."
Yasmine had been staring at what she thought was a handsome man boldly, but she averted her gaze at once.
'Geez. He can't blame me for that. After all, he's just too dreamy. He's like a piece of art that's flawlessly delicate. I just can't get enough of looking at him.'
Bonnie sensed that Yasmine was no longer staring at her as boldly as she had a second ago. So, she carried her out of the room.
Once they were out of the room as well as the bodyguards' sights, she headed toward an abandoned warehouse and holed up there. She made sure that there were some windows for a handy getaway before barricading the door with some heavy s and locking it. The moment she was done with all of that, she made her way over to Yasmine.
"Give me your foot."
Yasmine was stunned for a while. "My foot? Are you going to—"
Before she could finish, Bonnie cut her off. "I'm going to check the bullet wound on your thigh. I don't have other intentions. So, please don't misunderstand me..."
Bonnie rubbed her brows, trying to stave off a headache. 'Yasmine's prone to imagination so wild that it's hard for me to keep up with her sometimes.'
Yasmine cleared her throat out of embarrassment. 'That seems right. He's clearly a guy who has rid himself of such primitive desires. So, why would he harbor the same dirty thoughts the way the other man did?
'Also, he saved me. How could I think of him in that manner?'
Noticing that Yasmine was still in a daze and not moving at all, Bonnie couldn't help but remind her again. "Give me your foot."
That snapped Yasmine out of it. She extended her injured foot hastily and said, "Um. Pardon me. Thanks for your help."
Her face was laced with shyness and her sparkling eyes were trained on Bonnie.
"Don't mention it," Bonnie said with a blank expression. She held Yasmine's ankle and examined the bullet wound.
About three minutes later, she withdrew her hand and pulled out a bottle of medicinal powder.
"It might sting when I pour the powder onto your wound. I need you to bear with it and grit your teeth until the pain clears. It won't hurt at all after that."
Realizing that Bonnie was very proficient with it, a hint of surprise flashed in Yasmine's eyes.
"This is surprising. Not only are you agile, but you possess quite an extensive knowledge of medicine. Do countless girls just throw themselves at you?"
"Not really." Bonnie poured the powder on Yasmine's thigh and chatted with her at the same time. She was worried that the pain would be too great for the latter to bear, so she tried to divert her attention by chit-chatting.
"I don't exactly have a lot of ladies interested in me."
###Chapter 1097
"I'm afraid I don't believe you." Yasmine stared at Bonnie with unblinking eyes.
"You've got such good looks that countless ladies must've tried putting their moves on you. I work in the entertainment industry. So, I'm perfectly aware of how important looks are."
"Naturally, but I'm more intrigued by someone if they're interesting to be around with." Bonnie saw that the powder was about to seep into the bullet wound and couldn't help but ask her, "How does it feel now? Does it hurt?"
Yasmine noticed where Bonnie was looking. So, she followed her gaze.
Blood was still oozing out of her wound. She didn't feel anything a second ago, but suddenly she felt a great deal of pain.
"Ugh..."
She tried hard to hold it in. In the end, however, she couldn't do it anymore and g*** painfully. Beads of sweat covered her forehead.
"I-It hurts a lot."
Bonnie's brows furrowed. "This shouldn't be happening. The powder is supposed to help with the pain. Why did it do the opposite and intensify your pain this much?" Holding Yasmine's hand, she checked her pulse. Before long, she found the heart of the issue. "Did you take something to fight against the drug they spiked you with?" Yasmine gritted her teeth, turned her head sideways, and clamped up. She might've been very grateful for Bonnie, but there were some things she just couldn't say. Meanwhile, Bonnie read her expression and got the answer she wanted nonetheless.
"I didn't notice it because it has been a long time since you took that medicine. It wasn't until after you felt an intense pain from my powder that I realized it."
"W-What's causing it?" The pain was so excruciating that Yasmine felt as if she could die at any moment. In fact, she had never felt this level of pain in her whole life.
"That's because the medicine you took reacts negatively to one of the ingredients in my powder." Bonnie said and soothed her, "With that said, there's no cause for alarm. It will hurt a little, but it won't damage your body or anything like that."
"A little? I-I'm holding back tears as we speak." Yasmine gritted her teeth as sweat continued to roll down the side of her forehead.
In order to distract herself, she made a playful remark at Bonnie. "B-But, the pain is more bearable because you're here with me."
"Really? That's wonderful!" Bonnie pulled out a dagger from her pouch.
Yasmine was calm and collected most of the time, but even she was spooked by Bonnie's actions.
"W-What are you going to do?"
'He might not have looked like a bad guy. On top of that, he's so handsome that it's impossible for him to be a bad guy. However, I just can't understand what he's doing. It unnerves me a bit that I have no idea what he's about to do next.'
"I'm going to take the bullet out of your thigh, of course. It didn't bury itself too deep into your foot, so we have to seize this opportunity and do it now. Otherwise, we won't have the time to do something like this if Billy's bodyguards catch up to us.
"More importantly, you're in danger of losing your foot. The bullet might not have penetrated your bone, but it lodged itself in a critical spot. Your foot is going to lose its function if we don't take it out while we still can."
Bonnie was going to perform the crude, minor surgery, but she saw the expression on Yasmine's face and stopped in her tracks.
"With that said, this is your foot. Now that I've told you about the consequences, it's your call. I'm not going to push you to do it."
Yasmine gritted her teeth and took a couple seconds before she made up her mind. "G-Go ahead and take the bullet out! I'll bear with the pain!"
"No worries. This isn't going to hurt much." Bonnie soothed her.
For a moment there, Yasmine wasn't sure if she should cry or laugh in response. "Have you forgotten how you told me that the powder wasn't going to hurt me? Well, guess what happened?!" "It's different this time." Bonnie waved the dagger on top of her thigh.
"How is it different?" Yasmine asked, puzzled.
At the same time, Bonnie had already taken the bullet out with perfect precision.
"There we go. I've gotten the bullet out."
###Chapter 1098
"Did you take the bullet out already?" Yasmine gawked at the bloody bullet that Bonnie extracted from her thigh. "Why didn't I feel any pain, though?"
"Well. Taking the bullet out would've caused you a sharp pain that only lasted a second, but your pain from earlier overshadowed it. That's why you didn't feel anything when I took it out."
Bonnie took another medicinal powder out and poured it on Yasmine's thigh before bandaging up her wound.
Needless to say, Bonnie was being humble. A huge reason Yasmine was spared the pain was because Bonnie was extremely proficient at this.
Yasmine watched as Bonnie wrapped her wound like a professional. She felt overwhelmed with admiration.
"You're so awesome. It feels like you just know everything."
"This isn't anything special. It's just a minor surgery." Bonnie waved modestly.
That only served to make Yasmine like her even more.
"I might not have known anything about medicine, but I've witnessed doctors performing surgeries with my own eyes. You haven't shown much, but what you did is enough to tell me that you've surpassed ordinary doctors."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows. "You've witnessed doctors performing surgeries with your own eyes? This isn't something a celebrity should've had the chance to see under normal circumstances. Just who-" She was about to ask who Yasmine really was, but she couldn't say it because she heard someone trying to kick the door down.
Thud thud thud!
Then it was followed by a ruckus.
"I know for a fact that the door to this warehouse has always remained open. Now, however, someone has locked it up. They're probably in there. Put your backs into it and kick down the door." "Get a move on! Mr. Billy said he wanted both of them alive so he could interrogate them and find out who they served. Don't let them escape again."
"Throw your weight behind the door! It'll break down soon if all of us kick together!"
"This isn't working. The door is too sturdy. We have to ram it open."
About ten seconds later, Bonnie and Yasmine could hear something thrusting against the door, producing a dull sound.
The door, which was shut tight a second ago, was showing subtle signs of being forced open.
Yasmine's face turned pale for a second before she turned and instinctively looked at Bonnie. "What should we do now?"
After she asked, she was shocked by an entirely different notion. 'I can't believe it. We haven't known each other for too long, and yet I've already relied on this man on a subconscious level. 'I've never felt this way in my life.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie was unperturbed. "See if you can stand."
"Got it." Just hearing Bonnie's composed voice was enough to calm Yasmine down.
Then, she tried to stand up, but she slumped toward the ground due to the excruciating pain in her thigh.
Bonnie acted swiftly and caught her in time. "You can't stand? Is it because the pain is too great to bear?"
They were in a dire situation and Yasmine had no wish to become a burden to Bonnie.
So, she tried standing again, only to sense a spastic pain shooting up from her thigh. She couldn't help but g*** painfully as beads of sweat covered her forehead. Bonnie could tell what Yasmine was thinking and reached out to pat the latter on the shoulder.
"Don't push yourself if you can't stand up. I have a way to get you out of here."
Yasmine stared at Bonnie's handsome disguise. All of a sudden, she felt a little dispirited.
"Am I a burden to you? We're already in a dire situation. My foot is just making things—”
Bonnie cut her off and said, "That's enough. This isn't the time to feel sorry for yourself. What matters now is that we make it out of this hellhole in one piece."
Biting her lips, Yasmine nodded furiously.
"Alright! Your word is my command. I'll do everything you ask me to do and not be a burden to you."
"I've never thought of you as a burden since the moment I decided to save you. So, I want you to stop thinking about yourself in that manner." Bonnie walked over and estimated the height from the window. Then, she looked for something to stand up on. She found and dragged a chair and said to Yasmine, "Come over here."
###Chapter 1099
Yasmine was still mesmerized by what Bonnie said. It filled her with such warmth and strength.
All of a sudden, her eyes were filled with tears. She looked at Bonnie in a daze and remained quiet.
She was so moved that a man would go out of his way to help her.
On the other hand, Bonnie saw that Yasmine wasn't speaking or moving. She couldn't help but frown. "Hmm? Hurry up. We've got no time to lose."
That snapped Yasmine out of her trance. She bore with the pain and limped over to Bonnie. She stopped next to the chair and waited for further instructions.
"I'm here. So, what am I supposed to do now?"
"I'm going to help you to the chair, and you're going to climb onto the window and sit there. Then, I'm going to leap out of it and grab you on the first floor. That way, both of us will be able to get out of here safely."
"Okay," Yasmine responded.
Pulling herself up with the window sill, Bonnie leaped over to the other side with ease.
Once her feet hit the ground, she shouted at Yasmine. "Jump off."
Yasmine saw how high she was and grew anxious.
"Am I going to smush you if I jump at you?"
"I'll be fine. Hurry up."
A hint of anxiety flashed in Bonnie's eyes. The bodyguards were going to break down the door at any time. On top of that, Yasmine's foot was injured. If she didn't hurry up and jump off the window, they'd capture her, and she could be in real danger.
"Jump, now!" Bonnie couldn't help but say it impatiently.
Taking a deep breath, Yasmine mustered up her courage and said, "Alright! I'm going to jump now."
At the next moment, however, the door was broken down.
Yasmine turned. She was stunned at the sight of the bodyguards swarming into the abandoned warehouse.
She wasn't stunned for long, but it was enough for one of them to charge toward her and grab her feet.
"Pull her down now. We need to bring her to Mr. Billy."
"Remember, Mr. Billy wanted her alive so he could have his way with her. So, no one's using any weapons on her. Use your fists and feet instead. You'll pay a heavy price if something happened to her!" "Understood. We'll do as Mr. Billy says."
Yasmine heard everything they said and grew panicked. Despite that, she maintained a calm expression.
Then she used her other foot to relentlessly kick the bodyguard.
"L-Let me go! Unhand me!"
The bodyguard's head was kicked heavily several times. He was pissed off by her assaults and tightened his grip over her foot.
"What are you idiots waiting for? Hurry up and give me a hand!"
The rest of the bodyguards came to their senses and ran over to grab her other foot.
A deep sense of despair rose within Yasmine as she felt the bodyguards dragging and pulling her down from the window.
Turning around, she glanced at the spot where Bonnie was standing, only to find that no one was there right now.
'I guess it's logical that he ran away when he heard the bodyguards breaking down the door. After all, he did his best to save me earlier. If he barges into the abandoned warehouse to save me again when the situation is so perilous now, he'd be putting himself in unpredictable danger.
'After all, no one would put their lives on the line for the sake of someone else...'
###Chapter 1100
Just as Yasmine was wallowing in despair, she saw Bonnie appearing at the door out of the corner of her eyes.
Bonnie, still in her disguise, had guns in both of her hands and opened fire at the group of bodyguards.
None of them were prepared for this moment. A number of people dropped dead to the ground. Those who survived looked at their fallen comrades and fell into panic. They quickly pulled out their own guns and aimed them at Bonnie.
Yasmine grew anxious and yelled at Bonnie, "Run away, now! Forget about me. Just run!"
She thought, 'He might be powerful, but they outnumber him. On top of that, I'm wounded. There's no way he could win all of them by himself.'
Bonnie pursed her lips and didn't respond to Yasmine. She turned and gave one of the bodyguards nearest to her a roundhouse kick.
Thud!
The bodyguard crashed into the wall. Then, he slid down and coughed up blood.
Her attack made the rest of the bodyguards understand just how formidable she was. All of them got serious and boxed her in.
Bonnie acted quickly and without hesitation. Just as the bodyguards were wondering if they should open fire on her, she pulled the trigger. B***, b***, b***!
More bodyguards fell to the floor, dead.
Bonnie moved swiftly toward Yasmine, carried her, and raced toward the hallway. Beads of sweat rolled down the side of Bonnie's head.
All Yasmine knew was that Bonnie looked so manly and heroic right now.
'He doesn't have the typical scent guys have. In fact, there's a faint medicinal smell about him. However, that smell is manly, as far as I'm concerned. It smells great and makes me feel very safe.' Yasmine leaned on Bonnie, and they walked on for a while.
She continued to stare at Bonnie's dashing disguise when something popped into her mind. She said, "I turned around and looked at where you stood when one of the bodyguards was about to pull me down. You were nowhere to be seen. I thought you had abandoned me to save your own skin.
"To be honest, I wouldn't have blamed you if that's what you did. After all, you did everything you could to save me. I was the one who couldn't follow your orders."
Bonnie replied, "I've decided I'd save your life. There's no way I'd abandon you! I left because I had to retrieve the weapons that I'd stashed over there. I mean, am I supposed to save you with nothing but my fists?"
There were bodyguards at the underground market entrance. So, no one could've brought weapons in here. However, she brought a couple of guns with her, just in case she needed them.
'Boy, I'm glad that I snuck this trick up my sleeve. Otherwise, I wouldn't have stood a chance at saving Yasmine, even if I went back for her.'
"So, that's what happened. Thank you." Yasmine admired Bonnie even more now.
'How is it that there's such a decent, responsible, and reliable guy in this world? He's almost as awesome as my boss.'
Bonnie carried her through the side path and brought her to a pitch-black alley.
Realizing that they had made it out of the underground market, a hint of bewilderment appeared in Yasmine's eyes.
"D-Did we make it out?"
"Yeah. We're out of the underground market now," Bonnie said in her usual calm tone. "Now, I'm going to send you somewhere safe. Where do you want to go?" "A-Aren't you going to stay with me?" Yasmine asked instinctively.
Bonnie heard what she said and couldn't help but giggle. Raising her eyebrow, she asked, "Why should I stay with you?"
###Chapter 1101
Yasmine did not even care that Bonnie was a "man." A hint of awkwardness flashed in Yasmine's eyes, thinking it was inappropriate to ask a man such a question.
She cleared her throat and composed herself before saying, "I meant to ask where you're going next. Do you have a place to stay? If you don't, I can make some arrangements for you since I have connections in District Nine."
"That won't be necessary," Bonnie rejected her, "I have a place to stay, so just give me an address, and I'll send you there."
Realizing Bonnie was uninterested, Yasmine did not insist. Instead, she told Bonnie the address.
Bonnie nodded and said, "Got it."
Then, she took her phone and texted Collin. About five minutes later, he appeared before them in a Ford Raptor. "Get in the car. The District Nine organizations sent plenty of men to search for you two. They're leaving no stone unturned.
"Worse, they've also dispatched countless drones to pinpoint your location. We need to leave now, or they'll find you."
"All right," Bonnie responded while helping Yasmine into the vehicle.
Since the address Yasmine provided was nearby, they arrived quickly. Bonnie decided to help Yasmine out of the car. "We're here. Can you walk on your own from now on?" "Yeah, I-"
Before she could respond, Bonnie hopped back into the car and waved. "Adios!"
"I-I guess I'll see you again..." Yasmine instinctively waved back.
Then, Collin drove off and turned a corner, disappearing from Yasmine's sight. She could only watch as the car left. Then, something hit her.
'Damn it, I think I forgot something important. How'd I forget to ask what his name was?! He saved my life, after all. I want to know his name and phone number.'
However, Yasmine could not act on her thoughts since her foot was injured. She also had no time to enter the garage and get her car. She deeply regretted her forgetfulness and smacked her forehead. Yasmine muttered, "How can I forget to ask about something as important as his name? I'm such an idiot. If only I could rewind time. Too bad that ship has sailed, and I can do nothing about it."
At that moment, Ivor showed up with Floyd. The former exclaimed, "Yasmine, are you okay?!"
He strode toward her and saw the gauze around her thigh. Ivor frowned and questioned, "Did you hurt your leg? Who dressed your wound? Also, why did your communication device get cut off? Didn't you have a spare?
"Why didn't you contact me? How will I explain myself to your late brother if something happened to you?"
Ivor had no intentions of repeating the same tragedy to Yasminee. Her brother had died because he saved Ivor's life. The latter would not know what to do if he failed to protect Yasmine, too.
His barrage of questions flustered Yasmine. She felt disheartened when Ivor mentioned her brother. She pursed her lips and said, "Calm down, Ivor. Look, I'm okay."
###Chapter 1102
Ivor wanted to say something but realized there were too many passersby. He looked at Yasmine and whispered, "Let's go inside. This isn't the place to talk." "Okay." She limped inside with Ivor and Floyd in tow while the rest of his men holed up nearby.
Once inside the apartment, Yasmine lay on the couch and yawned. "Go ahead and ask me anything you want, but do it quick. I want to sleep as soon as you finish. I'm exhausted." Ivor looked at her bandaged wound and asked, "How'd you get hurt?"
"I got shot," Yasmine responded as if it was not a big deal.
"You got shot?!" Ivor frowned. "You should've been able to make a safe getaway according to the escape routes I prepared for you. How'd you get shot? Did you get exposed?" Yasmine recalled what she experienced earlier and felt a shiver down her spine. She frowned and said, "It's not about that. Billy has been suspicious of me and set me up." She never expected that to happen.
After some thought, Ivor asked, "Did you have any run-ins with him?"
"Not exactly. Billy used to have nasty ideas about me, but I slipped through his fingers several times. However, I got your orders this time and drank the spiked wine during the party. I let them take me to the underground market and auction me off to the highest bidder.
"Then, I followed the plan and hypnotized Billy. I thought I executed the plan flawlessly, but I didn't know he and Micah set up the whole thing. Billy and his men would've caught me if I hadn't encountered the guy who saved me. I wouldn't be talking to you now if it weren't for him."
Yasmine became excited when she mentioned her "savior."
"Boss, you have to find the guy who saved me. He brought me home safely, but I was an idiot not to ask for his name. I didn't even get a chance to thank him properly. I don't want to miss out on getting to know him."
Yasmine was so worked up that her complexion turned red. Even so, she did not make much sense to Ivor.
He asked, "Who is this guy you're talking about? How'd he save you? What are the odds of him appearing in the same place as you? Do you think he saved you because he has an ulterior motive? "He must want to get closer to you to gain information. Also, did you honestly tell him your home address?"
The more he spoke, the more he thought the guy had tricked Yasmine to lure her into an even deeper trap. "Could you be more careful next time? Why would you trust a random person so easily?" Yasmine pursed her lips and grumbled, "Stop it, boss. He's not a bad guy or anything."
'Yasmine's usually vigilant and will never trust anyone so quickly. That means I can't take her "savior" lightly. After all, he won her trust with seemingly no effort.'
Ivor frowned, looking solemn as he asked, "What made you think he's a good guy?"
"He saved my life! Did I forget to tell you he almost died doing it? Why would he have done that if he was a bad person?" Yasmine could not help but smile when she recalled how handsome 'Bonnie' was. "Besides that, there's something crucial that I've yet to tell you, boss."
###Chapter 1103
"The guy who saved me is drop-dead gorgeous! I'm pretty sure everyone I know will be angry about how stunning he is." Yasmine thought of 'Bonnie's' handsome face as she spoke, thinking she was meant to be her boyfriend.
"Why would someone as handsome as him be a bad guy, boss?"
Ivor's lips twitched as he replied, "You always lose your senses whenever you encounter good-looking guys. When will you fix that flaw of yours?"
"Everyone loves handsome men. Why would I change that about myself?" Yasmine scoffed lightly. "Also, he's worthy of my adoration, and you're too old-fashioned, boss. You won't understand it." "You're beyond help, Yasmine." Ivor helplessly rubbed his temples. "I'll post a team around your apartment for now. I want you to tend to your wound quietly. You're not allowed to go out and cause more trouble for me."
"Ugh, fine." Yasmine pursed her lips, not bothering to hide her displeased expression.
Ivor stood from the couch and said, "I can tell you're tired, so we'll leave you to rest."
Suddenly, Yasmine remembered something as he left. Immediately after, she called out to him, "Boss, wait!"
She hobbled over as Ivor frowned. "What is it?"
She blinked and said, "You have a wide network, right? You're also an influential person. That said, I need you to search for my savior."
"Yasmine, it's not that I don't want to help you, but I have reservations about him. What'll I do if he has ulterior motives? I won't risk the organization by trusting him," Ivor spoke solemnly. "W-Well, will you please keep an eye out for me, then?"
'Although I might think my savior doesn't have ill intentions, Mr. Ivor makes an excellent point. I guess I should forget about asking for his help. Maybe I can only ask him to keep an eye out for me.' "You'll have to tell me what he looks like."
Ivor was suspicious of the guy who saved Yasmine. Since she asked him to keep an eye out, he could use it to investigate the guy instead. If "Bonnie" turned out to be an enemy of the Dark Knights, Ivor would show "her" no mercy.
"You mean his looks?" Yasmine frowned and rubbed her chin. After some thought, she said, "I don't know how to describe his looks, but I know he's stunning."
Ivor was speechless.
Yasmine noticed it and could not help but giggle. "Just keep an eye out for him, boss. Tell me if you run into a gorgeous Arvandorian in District Nine, and I'll be there to see if he's indeed my savior." Ivor detected a keyword and asked, "So, an Arvandorian saved your life?"
She nodded. "Yeah, he's a stunning Arvandorian!"
Ivor thought about it before agreeing to her request, "Fine, I'll tell everyone to look out for that guy. You can go and rest now, Yasmine."
###Chapter 1104
Yasmine was overjoyed after receiving Ivor's word. "You got it, boss! I promise to behave and stay home for now. I won't go out and cause you any more trouble!"
"Mhm," Ivor responded dryly before leaving. Once outside, he asked Floyd, "What do you think about Yasmine's 'savior'?"
"Although Yasmine's quirky, her mind is sharp. I don't think she'd make mistakes about anyone's good intentions." Floyd observed his boss's expression before asking, "Don't you think you're being overly cautious this time, Mr. Ivor? Maybe that person is a good guy."
"It's hard to say." Ivor shook his head. “After all, he timed his appearance perfectly. I can't help but find it suspicious."
Floyd looked at his boss questioningly. "Should I tell the men protecting Yasmine to be extra careful so no one can sneak up on her?"
"Sure, tell them to look out for any suspicious characters and report to me immediately when they find something," Ivor said. Suddenly, he remembered how rowdy Yasmine could be.
He reminded Floyd, "Tell them not to take their eyes off Yasmine. Otherwise, she might sneak out and look for her so-called savior herself! That's our priority, got it?"
'Yasmine might be capable, but she can give me a headache.'
Floyd quickly replied, "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I'll emphasize it to them."
Meanwhile, Bonnie felt the cool breeze on her face as she sat in Collin's Ford Raptor. She instinctively sighed in relief, saying, "It's been a while since I worked out that much. What happened just now wore me out."
"You're tired? Anyone else would've died if they were in your shoes." Collin recalled what he saw from outside and felt a shiver down his spine. "You have no idea how many people the District Nine organizations sent to catch you two.
"I almost rushed inside to save you several times, but I was worried I'd be a burden instead. I could only bite my nails and wait for you. Your escape under such circumstances is impressive enough, but you saved Yasmine, too."
Collin was thoroughly impressed as he continued, "You're more formidable than you've ever been, Chief. I might need to stop slacking off and start training when I return." Bonnie chuckled and asked, "Can you be any more dramatic?"
"You escaped so many people, saved someone, and got away in one piece. Don't you know how skillful and ferocious you are, Chief? No one else could've done what you did." Collin thought Bonnie was humble bragging.
She scoffed and then remembered something. Then, she said coldly, "I heard Yasmine hypnotizing Billy and asking him about the chip when I hid in the room. I can't help but wonder if she's an ally or an enemy."
Collin was stunned when he heard that. He frowned and asked, "If so, why'd you save her? What'll we do if she's an enemy? It'll look like we're asking for trouble, no?"
"I saved Yasmine because she's an Arvandorian, like us. I sympathized with her because it's tough to be out here in a foreign country alone."
###Chapter 1105
After a brief pause, Bonnie thought of something and said, "I'll consider my actions as my good deed for the day. If Yasmine turns out to be our enemy, I'll show her no mercy if we meet again. Besides, it's not like I learned nothing from rescuing her."
Her mature thinking impressed Collin. He became interested when she said she learned something. He asked, "Did you make an extraordinary discovery or something, Chief? Quick, tell me what it is." Bonnie responded, "Based on what Yasmine asked Billy after hypnotizing him, I know he has it. Furthermore, he doesn't know Falcon has the 1.6 billion dollars, either."
"That's cunning! Falcon knows the whole world is aware he stole the chip. He can't hide from it and doesn't dare to lie about it. He must've stashed away the money and maximized his profit!" Collin sneered. “I must admit he's intelligent. Still, he's misusing his talents!"
Then, something occurred to him, and his eyes sparkled. "Chief, should we tell Billy's men that Falcon has the money to make them fight each other? That way, we can reclaim our chip amidst the chaos!" Bonnie squinted. After some thought, she responded, "That's an option, but I don't want to do that unless we're forced. After all, it's our organization's business, and I want to handle it myself."
"Then, should we discuss it with the Dark Knights first? We can give them something in return if they help us. I think they'll agree," Collin tried probing Bonnie.
She yawned and said, "Let's put a pin in it. I need you to find out which organization Yasmine is working for. We can devise a plan for the rest later."
"Understood, Chief."
The first thing Collin did after returning to the hotel was arrange for his men to use the organization's network to investigate Yasmine. After much effort, he finally received concrete information the following day. "Chief, I have news! Yasmine is a member of the Dark Knights!"
Bonnie raised a brow, apparently shocked. "She's one of them, huh? I'm surprised."
"I thought their leader signed an agreement and promised not to act without discussing it with us first. Now, he sent Yasmine to dig for more information about the chip. Does that mean he breached our agreement?"
Collin was never fond of the Dark Knights. He added, "I knew they wouldn't stay put! It looks like I was right, after all."
"Oh, they have undoubtedly breached our agreement." Bonnie grinned bitterly. "I'll have to call their leader and question him!"
When she made the call, Ivor answered, "Did the sun rise from the west? Why would the Nidhoggs' leader call me? Are you finally ready to retrieve the chip?"
Bonnie sneered. "I thought you guys tried that already. Are you sure you need my help? Breaching our agreement was a terrible move!"
###Chapter 1106
'I can't believe the Nidhoggs already found out we acted alone.'
Ivor was surprised but did not admit it. Instead, he feigned ignorance and said, "How did we breach our agreement? Who would do that?"
"Hmph!" Bonnie sneered and hung up the phone before blocking his number. After all, Ivor could not honor his word or their agreement. Since that was the case, she no longer wanted to talk to him.
On the other hand, Ivor only heard beeping from the other end of the line. He tried calling her again but received a voice telling him the line was unavailable. He frowned in puzzlement as he muttered, "What just happened?"
Floyd explained timidly, "I think he blocked your number, Mr. Ivor."
"Is he honestly taking it this seriously?" Ivor did not expect things to be so dire just because he feigned ignorance.
'My organization is pretty capable, so it's not like the Nidhoggs are a challenge for us. Still, I breached our agreement. Also, I desperately need one of their chip's functions to complete one of our projects. What will I do now that their leader is angry with me?'
Meanwhile, Floyd noticed the changes in his boss's expression. The former could not help but ask gingerly, "What will you do now, Mr. Ivor? He no longer wants to work with us since he blocked you."
After some thought, Ivor said, "We need to move now. Let's go to the hotel where the Nidhoggs' leader is. We must explain ourselves to him."
"Understood, Mr. Ivor. I'll prepare the car now," Floyd said before leaving.
At that moment, Ivor heard Yasmine's voice, "Are you going to see the Nidhoggs' leader now? I want to go, too!"
Ivor turned and saw how she hobbled over with a crutch. His lips twitched as he said, "You should be resting. Why do you want to tag along instead?"
"I'm curious about what their leader looks like. I heard so many things about him but have never met him." The more Yasmine talked about "Bonnie," the more curious she became.
"Take me with you, boss," she said while blinking at Ivor, "I promise to stand aside and behave while you talk. I won't get you into any trouble."
Considering how carefree and forthright Yasmine was, Ivor thought she was a wild card and rejected her, "That's not happening. Rest and tend to your wound instead. You're not coming with us." "Oh, come on, boss! Take me with you! I swear I won't cause you any trouble." Yasmine raised a hand as if making an oath.
###Chapter 1107
Although Yasmine looked sincere, Ivor knew she was just putting on airs. He could not predict what kind of mess she would create if he took her along. That was why he disagreed.
Ivor shook his head and said, "That's not happening. Now, return to your room and tend to your wounds. If you're that curious about what the Nidhoggs' leader looks like, I'll take you to meet him once you've recovered fully."
Yasmine pouted and growled, "You're not fooling me, boss. You're just saying that to brush me off."
"I told you to rest and tend to your wound, Yasmine. You shouldn't be wandering around." Ivor stood his ground.
"Come on, boss! You-"
She was about to retort, but Floyd interjected, "The car's ready, Mr. Ivor. Are you ready to leave?"
"Let's go." Ivor brushed past Yasmine and approached the door.
Floyd took after him, saying, “Right away."
Yasmine could only watch as they left. At that moment, she forgot about her leg injury and stomped on the ground. Immediately after, she felt an excruciating pain spread to her whole body, and she yelled, "Ouch! That hurts!"
'It's just not my day today! Mr. Ivor refused to take me with him, and I pulled my wound!'
Ivor heard her yelp and paused momentarily. Then, he continued walking.
Floyd instinctively turned and glanced at Yasmine, noticing the pain she felt. He could not help but say, "Aren't we being a little too cruel, Mr. Ivor? She got injured during the mission, y'know. Is it okay for us to ditch her?"
Ivor glanced sidelong at him. "It'll be troublesome for us to bring her along."
"What do you mean?" Floyd was puzzled.
Ivor looked at him condescendingly. "You've been working with Yasmine for a while now. Have you learned anything about her? She tends to say things she doesn't mean to get what she wants, whether it's safe or not.
"She also acts on her emotions. No one can control her if she's unhappy, not even me," Ivor rubbed his brows as he spoke. He would always get a headache whenever he discussed Yasmine's character. "This can't be a worse occasion to bring Yasmine along. The Nidhoggs' leader blocked my number, and things might get rowdy while we're there. Yasmine's too impulsive and might ruin everything. That's why refuse to bring her."
Although Yasmine had significant flaws, she was still the best in Ivor's organization in terms of hypnosis and undercover missions. He would not have kept her around if she had no extraordinary skills. Floyd nodded understandingly. "You're right, Mr. Ivor. She is pretty impulsive. Since you mentioned it, I agree that she should stay at the hotel."
"Good thing you understand," Ivor responded faintly, "Also, I'm willing to bet her leg doesn't hurt that much. She's just yelped like that because she's trying to gain my sympathy, so I'll take her with us." It was not Yasmine's first time pulling a stunt like that. She had stuck to the same tricks too many times, and Ivor could tell at a glance.
Floyd's eyes widened. "Is she that cunning? I'll have to be more cautious the next time she asks me for anything. Otherwise, I'll unwittingly fall for her tricks."
###Chapter 1108
"Good thing you realize that now," Ivor said as he checked the time, "It's getting late. We should clear the air with the Nidhoggs' leader as soon as possible." Floyd nodded. "You got it, Mr. Ivor."
Yasmine overheard everything. She pursed her lips and muttered, "So, Mr. Ivor thinks I'm nothing but a troublemaker. I might've yelled loudly on purpose earlier, but he didn't have to say all that about me.
"Hmph, does he honestly think I'm helpless just because he refused to bring me along? That doesn't matter because I can always go by myself."
She took her phone and secretly called for a cab. Then, she told the driver to follow Ivor's car.
Meanwhile, Ivor looked at the rearview mirror and noticed the cab following them. He frowned and asked, "Floyd, is that cab tailing us?"
Floyd frowned and saw the cab before saying, "That car is a common cab in Yale, Mr. Ivor. It's probably just using the same streets as us to get to its location. I don't think it's following us."
Still, Ivor could not help but think something was amiss. "Keep your eyes on it. If something doesn't seem right, shake it off immediately."
Floyd nodded. "Understood, Mr. Ivor."
Meanwhile, Yasmine hid in the backseat and peered at Ivor with a binocular. When Ivor turned to look back, she knew he had discovered her. So, she quickly devised a plan, saying, "Hey, mister, I need you to take the back road now."
"You got it, ma'am." The driver did not question Yasmine's intentions and did as she asked.
Several minutes later, Ivor looked at the rearview mirror again. "It looks like you were right about the cab. It was just a coincidence, after all."
Floyd glanced behind and said, "Great, now we won't have to take a detour. Is it okay to go to the Nidhoggs' leader's hotel now?"
Although he had already planned his next move, he still asked for Ivor's opinion. Floyd would not do anything without his boss's permission.
Ivor agreed, "Okay, take us to the hotel."
"Right away, sir." Floyd stepped on it.
Simultaneously, Yasmine had already hopped into another car and continued to trail the duo.
Ivor was sharp and perceptive. If anyone else had tried to pull that stunt, he would have immediately caught them. Even so, Yasmine knew him too well and was knowledgeable about how his mind worked. That was why she successfully tailed him while remaining undetected.
About ten minutes later, Floyd pulled over at the hotel entrance.
###Chapter 1109
Before Ivor could exit the car, one of Bonnie's men recognized it. The latter hurried to her room and told her about it, "Chief, the Dark Knights' leader is here. What are your orders?" "He's here already?" Bonnie raised her brow. "Don't interfere, and let them find their way in."
Collin, standing beside her, was confused. "I thought you called him and gave him a piece of your mind, Chief. Why are you letting him in?"
He could not understand Bonnie's actions. If she wanted to see Ivor, it would render her previous phone call pointless.
"Do you honestly not understand why I'm doing this?" Bonnie knew Collin was smart and fully expected him to understand her actions.
He scratched his head and thought about it. Still, he needed clarification. "I-I still don't get it, Chief."
She flicked the side of his head and questioned, "How are you so dumb?"
He palmed his head and yelped, saying, "I know I'm dumb, but you didn't have to do that. Don't you think I'll become dumber if you keep flicking my head?" Bonnie could not help but laugh. "What a surprise. It looks like you know your place, after all."
Collin rubbed the side of his head and said, "Stop making fun of me, Chief. Just explain why you're letting the Dark Knights' leader in. I want to learn from you."
Bonnie said, "I have two reasons for calling their leader and questioning him about breaching our agreement. Firstly, I did it to remind them how much I hate those who break their promises. Secondly, I want to use this opportunity to show him his recklessness has repercussions.
"I'll be so furious that I'll refuse to let him access the chip. That's why their leader is desperate to see me now. Do you think he's afraid that I'm mad? It's not about how I feel, but it's about the chip instead."
Collin's eyes widened as he listened. "You're brilliant, Chief! I wouldn't be so dumb if you could share even half your knowledge with me."
His words made Bonnie laugh, "Hahaha! You haven't learned a thing for the past several years. The only thing you improved a lot on is sweet-talking."
"That wasn't what I was doing, Chief. No one is as smart as you are. Otherwise, you couldn't have developed the " He got so excited that he almost blurted out the most crucial information.
Bonnie glared daggers at him when she realized he was about to blab. "Mind your words, Collin."
He also realized it and quickly covered his mouth. "I'm sorry, Chief. I didn't mean it."
Although everyone in the room was a member of the Nidhoggs, Collin was the only one who knew that Bonnie was also Bonita. Still, there could be another traitor like Falcon in the room. That was why Collin needed to keep that sensitive information a secret.
'Thank goodness the chief stopped me in time, or I would've made a massive mistake.'
Bonnie said sternly, "Just be more cautious next time. You can't mention such things so openly, even though everyone in this room is one of ours. Do you understand?"
Collin understood the magnitude of the situation. He nodded and said gingerly, "Loud and clear, Chief."
Soon after, one of Bonnie's men brought Ivor and Floyd into the room. She casually sipped her tea and asked, "To what do I owe the pleasure, gentlemen? Are you here to discuss something important?"
###Chapter 1110
Ivor sat across from Bonnie and apologized to her, "I'm sorry for acting without first consulting you. I wouldn't have done that unless it was necessary. I did it hoping to speed up the process." "So, you're saying you have a good reason?" Bonnie raised her brows in disbelief. "How about you try to convince me?"
"I just got married, and my wife was reluctant to let me go when she discovered I had to travel so far for so long. She even cried under a blanket. Although I was unwilling to leave her, I still came to Yale.
"That said, I don't want to go home and find out she wants a divorce because she's mad at me. That's why I was desperate to speed up our process. I want to go home and be with her. I constantly risk my life, so it's hard for me to find a wife."
Ivor told a white lie shamelessly, even though he only exaggerated some parts of the story.
Meanwhile, Floyd was so shocked by what he heard that he choked. "Cough, cough, cough!"
'I guess Mr. Ivor wasn't lying about Ms. Bonnie being reluctant to let him go. Still, he lied about her crying under a blanket. He even said she might want a divorce, which is ridiculous. Ms. Bonnie would never do that. Even imagining it doesn't seem right.'
With that in mind, Floyd continued coughing. Immediately after, he saw Ivor glaring at him, causing his heart to pound. Floyd lowered his head and strained to suppress his cough.
Meanwhile, Ivor turned to Bonnie and said, "Please excuse my assistant. He hasn't been feeling well lately. I hope it doesn't bother you."
Bonnie waved and said, "That's okay."
Ivor looked at her curiously and said, "So, what do you think about my reasoning?"
She raised her brows and said, "You mean your concern about your wife divorcing you for being away for too long?"
He felt a little embarrassed when she spoke so bluntly. He cleared his throat and feigned calmness as he responded, "Yeah."
She stared at him and tapped the desk but did not respond.
'How convenient that I'm facing the same issue as this guy. Ivor and I also just got married, but we have to be apart because of this damn chip. I'm not as emotional as he is, but I can understand how he feels now.'
After some thought, Bonnie said, "Since you're in such a hurry, I'll try to settle everything quickly so you can return to your wife."
Even so, everything depended on the situation. If Bonnie could choose, she would have taken her time to retrieve the chip and catch Falcon. After all, she wanted to teach him a lesson he would never forget. 'I'll consider this guy's words and speed things up without compromising my plans.'
"I appreciate it." Ivor knew just how wise and capable the Nidhoggs' leader was. The latter could have made her move long ago if she wanted to.
'I realized something after sending Yasmine to probe the situation. I can't take the chip and the money by solely relying on my organization. I must work with the Nidhoggs. That's why I rushed over. I needed to know their leader's stance.'
###Chapter 1111
Moving forward, Ivor decided not to act alone anymore. Instead, he would wait for "Bonnie" to devise a strategy and entirely cooperate. Then, he could maximize his personnel and minimize losses. "Of course. We're partners, and I must consider your feelings," Bonnie said as she looked at Ivor meaningfully, "I'm unlike those who break their promises without considering their partner's feelings." Ivor looked embarrassed as he responded, "Yeah, those people can't compare to the Nidhoggs' leader."
Bonnie did not expect him to insult himself. She was stunned as she looked at him knowingly, realizing what had happened. "I didn't think the mighty leader of the Dark Knights to flatter me." Ivor was surprised. Although his words had an uncharacteristic flattery, it was not something he would usually say. Even so, it slipped out.
He stared at "Bonnie," unsure why he always felt at ease around her. The strangest part was that he often compromised with her. "Ahem," Ivor cleared his throat. Since he had already said those things, he could only feign ignorance. "When did I flatter you?"
He turned to Floyd and asked again, "Did you hear any flattery in my words?"
The latter shook his head. "No, sir. I heard nothing like that."
Bonnie smiled helplessly at their coordinated act. For some reason, it reminded her of Ivor and Floyd's work relationship.
'I must be imagining things from being away from Ivor for so long. Otherwise, why would these two resemble Ivor and Floyd so much?'
While Bonnie was thinking, Ivor broke the silence, "I have a question."
Bonnie looked at him and asked, "What is it?"
"How'd you know I accidentally breached the contract?" Ivor had been wondering about that for a long time.
Although Yasmine caused a significant commotion in District Nine, Bonnie did not know Yasmine was a member of the Dark Knights beforehand. Moreover, Ivor had hidden Yasmine's information well. He could not help but wonder how "Bonnie" figured it out so quickly.
"Before I answer, I need you to rephrase yourself. You intentionally broke our agreement, not accidentally." Bonnie saw through Ivor's attempt to clear his name.
She would not have minded if it were any other issue. However, breaking promises was her bottom line, and she had to remind Ivor to prevent him from repeating his mistake.
###Chapter 1112
Ivor did not intend to downplay the situation since "Bonnie" had pointed it out. He could only admit it, "All right, I get it."
"Perfect." She was pretty satisfied with his response.
He leaned back lazily and asked again, "So, can you tell me now?"
"Sure-"
Suddenly, her subordinate rushed in and said, "Mr. Boyd, a masked person is sneaking around outside! Should we bring them in?"
"Someone's sneaking around?" Bonnie and Ivor exchanged solemn glances. The former ordered, "Bring them in! I want to know if they're from District Nine."
She thought the people from District Nine were acting fast. It seemed she needed to expedite her plans.
"Let go of me!" The voice outside made Bonnie pause, thinking the voice was familiar.
Ivor recognized Yasmine's voice immediately. He bolted from the chair and strode toward her. Somehow, Yasmine had managed to tail him, even though he kept an eye out for her.
Bonnie watched from the sidelines, puzzled. She squinted and observed them without moving from the chair.
When Yasmine saw her boss, she quickly covered her face and turned away, muttering, "You can't see me."
Ivor's lips twitched. "I can see you, you imbecile! Stop acting like a child."
Yasmine dared not face her boss. However, he circled her and yanked off her mask. Since she could no longer hide, she faced Ivor and said pitifully, "I had no choice but to come here myself since you refuse to let me follow you."
Suddenly, her eyes widened as she stammered, "Y-You! I-It's you!"
Ivor followed Yasmine's gaze and saw "Bonnie." He thought Yasmine was trying to change the subject, so he said, "Don't try to distract me. What are you—"
Before he could finish, Yasmine limped over to Bonnie and hugged her. "My savior, I finally found you! I thought I'd never see you again!"
Yasmine was so excited that she blushed. She could barely speak coherently.
Meanwhile, Bonnie struggled to breathe as Yasmine bear-hugged her. "Cough, cough, cough!"
###Chapter 1113
Bonnie choked as she pried Yasmine off her. "Hey, take it easy! I'll suffocate if you keep hugging me like that!" Yasmine quickly let go and apologized, "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to choke you. I was just too excited to see you."
Bonnie massaged her neck and cleared her throat. Meanwhile, Ivor watched their interaction with surprise. He asked, "Yasmine, what's happening?"
She cheerfully responded, "Boss, he's the savior I've been telling you to look out for. Billy would've caught me if it weren't for this guy."
Yasmine clung to "Bonnie's" hand as she spoke, fearing the latter would try to run.
Ivor finally understood the situation by combining Yasmine's words with the incidents at the underground market. He looked at Bonnie and asked, "You were at the underground market that day? What were you doing there, Mr. Boyd?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes and replied, "I was there spying on the enemy. Just to be clear, I didn't breach our contract. I wouldn't have gone if it weren't necessary for the mission."
Ivor sighed. "I already admitted to breaching the contract. We discussed that already, so let's move on and discuss something else, shall we?"
"Fine, what do you want to talk about?" Bonnie raised a brow.
He asked, "Did you find out I breached the contract because Yasmine told you she's a member of my organization?"
Before Bonnie could answer, Yasmine said, "I said nothing to him at the underground market. Don't accuse me like that, boss! Although I'm grateful to him, I know what I should and shouldn't say."
Ivor squinted at Bonnie and questioned, "So, how'd you find out if Yasmine didn't tell you? Did you plant someone in my organization?"
Bonnie scoffed. "You love assuming the worst about people, huh?"
"Then how else did you know about what I did?" Ivor's eyes were cold.
Bonnie pursed her lips and said, "Did you think I wouldn't be able to find out if I wanted to? As for accusing me of planting a spy in your organization, that's ridiculous! I'm not that bored."
Ivor remembered hiding Yasmine's identity as a Dark Knight member with everything he had. Not only was she his subordinate, but she was also a star at Yale. It would endanger her if people knew she was a Dark Knight.
Still, Ivor never expected "Bonnie" to uncover Yasmine's identity so quickly. He could not help but wonder how capable Bonnie had to be to achieve that.
Bonnie noticed his silence but did not intend to argue. Instead, she sat back down and sipped her tea.
Yasmine was curious about Bonnie's demeanor, asking, "Sir, are you an important member of the Dark Knights or something? You look even more impressive than my boss regarding how you sit and drink tea."
"I, uh-"
Yasmine interrupted, "Why don't you join us? My boss values talented people, after all. We'll value you more than the Nidhoggs. The best part is, I get to see you daily!"
###Chapter 1114
Yamine's eyes sparkled as she spoke while excitedly shaking Bonnie's arm. It seemed like no one else existed for Yasmine.
Floyd noticed how she took control of the situation. He felt hesitant but soon said, "Yasmine, you-"
Before he could finish, Yasmine interjected, "Are you worried my savior will replace you, Floyd? You're too selfish if that's what you think."
She winked at Ivor and added, "Right, boss? You appreciate my savior, don't you?"
Ivor looked at her and then at Bonnie, squinting as he said, "Indeed, I appreciate what he―"
Yasmine shook Bonnie's arm again and exclaimed, "Did you hear that?! My boss says he appreciates you. If you want to join our organization, it's a done deal. Tell your boss you're coming to us so I can see you every day."
Bonnie's lips twitched as she pulled away from Yasmine's grasp. "Did it ever occur to you I might be the Nidhoggs' leader?"
"Huh?" Yasmine's eyes widened as she looked at Bonnie in disbelief. "Y-You're their leader?! Are you kidding?"
She thought the leader was a middle-aged man, not the handsome one who had saved her. Hence, Yasmine never expected Bonnie to be the leader of the Nidhoggs.
'That's hard to believe! It's almost impossible!'
"Why would I joke about something like that?" Bonnie raised her brows at Yasmine.
The latter gulped, wide-eyed and at a loss for words. The room fell silent as she glanced at Floyd awkwardly and muttered, "You should've given me a heads-up. Now I feel humiliated."
Floyd was flustered and aggrieved, saying, "I wanted to, but you didn't let me."
Yasmine felt so humiliated that she wished to disappear. She even remembered Floyd trying to stop her earlier.
'Ugh, I need to stop interrupting people!'
Bonnie noticed Yasmine's awkward smile and teased, "So, do you still want to recruit me into the Dark Knights?"
Yasmine coughed lightly into her fist before saying, "Well, you can if you're willing."
Ivor laughed heartily. "Yasmine's right. We lack someone as versatile as you, after all. If you're interested, we'll welcome you anytime, Mr. Boyd."
Yasmine instantly felt more confident with Ivor's support.
###Chapter 1115
"See? My boss loves talents like you. You're a lifesaver, so just consider joining our organization. My boss will treat you well."
Bonnie glanced at Ivor teasingly. "I think my organization also needs talents like your boss. Why don't you tell him to join me instead? I can assure you I won't mistreat him."
Yasmine barely heard what "Bonnie" said but instinctively wanted to agree, "Okay, my boss will join your "
She froze when she realized something was wrong. She then glanced at Ivor and met his deadly stare. Yasmine's heart raced with panic as she looked away.
Meanwhile, Bonnie felt delighted. She smiled and said slyly, "Why stop there?"
"Th-that doesn't count!" Yasmine looked around shyly. "However, I can decide for myself. If you want me to join your organization, I—”
Ivor predicted what she was about to say. He frowned and interrupted, "Yasmine! Stop s*** around!"
She shrugged and avoided looking at him. She could only mutter, "Well, you've always thought I was annoying. You should be happy now that I want to join my savior's organization, right? I'm considering your interests here."
Ivor felt a headache coming on as he glared at Yasmine. "That's enough! Stop muttering under your breath! I can hear you, y'know."
Although she pouted to express her dissatisfaction, she knew Ivor was genuinely angry.
Ivor withdrew his gaze from Yasmine and looked at Bonnie, saying, "Since we've clarified everything, we'll leave. Once you've arranged everything, please inform me, and I'll cooperate fully."
Bonnie casually sipped her tea and said, "No problem. Still, I'll welcome Yasmine with open arms if she wants to join my organization. We need someone as skilled as her in hypnosis. If she accepts, she'll be a considerable asset to my organization."
Ivor responded dryly, "Yasmine was joking earlier."
'After investing so much in her, I can't just let her go.'
Bonnie chuckled and glanced at Yasmine, asking, "So? Were you joking, Yasmine?"
The latter was about to reply when she noticed Ivor glaring daggers at her.
'If I disobey Mr. Ivor again, he might get angry and kick me out. Forget it. I can be flexible. It's better to placate him first. As for joining my savior's organization, I'll consider it later.'
With that in mind, Yasmine smiled awkwardly at Bonnie. "Y-Yeah, I was joking. After all, I'm incredibly loyal to my boss and will do anything for him. How can I betray him and join your organization?"
###Chapter 1116
Yasmine winked at Bonnie, indicating she did not mean what she said.
On the other hand, Bonnie did not pry. Instead, she smiled when she realized Yasmine was attempting to appease both sides.
The former said, "So that's how it is. I guess I got excited for nothing. I thought you wanted to join us, Yasmine. Since the Dark Knights disagree, I won't force it."
Ivor raised a brow and smirked, saying, "You want Yasmine, huh? Then give me Collin, and we'll call it even."
Before Bonnie could respond, Collin shook his head vigorously and refused, "Absolutely not! I don't want to go to your organization. I'd rather stay with Mr. Boyd forever."
Ivor looked at Yasmine and said, "See that? Compare his attitude with yours. You're always siding with outsiders. I've been good to you for nothing."
Yasmine chuckled awkwardly. She tried redeeming herself by saying, "Boss, I refused their offer, didn't I? That should show my sincerity toward you. Why would you say that about me and hurt my feelings?" Ivor remained impassive. Then, he scoffed as if he chose not to explode.
Yasmine blinked and rubbed her hands together, not daring to say another word.
Bonnie broke the silence, "Since we've resolved the misunderstandings between our organizations, I have other matters to attend to. You can leave now."
"You got it," Ivor responded lightly. He was about to leave when he saw Yasmine sprinting toward Bonnie and stuffing a business card into the latter's hand. "This is my personal contact information. My phone is on 24/7 for you. Remember to call me, okay?" Yasmine even blew a kiss at "Bonnie."
The latter's lips twitched. After a brief pause, Bonnie kept the business card.
Yasmine felt relieved when she saw that. Then, she returned to Ivor's side and said, "Let's go, boss."
Ivor did not know what to say at that moment. Ultimately, he massaged his temples and sighed, saying, "Can we go now?"
'I don't know what to do with this girl sometimes.'
Once the trio left, Bonnie's subordinates retreated from the room and stood guard outside, leaving only her and Collin.
Collin grinned when he recalled Yasmine's attitude toward Bonnie. He said, "Do you think Yasmine has a crush on you, Chief?"
Bonnie raised her brow. "What makes you think that?"
"It was pretty obvious," Collin said teasingly, "She's so enthusiastic toward you and even gave you her business card. That should indicate everything." Bonnie frowned and corrected his statement, "She sees me as her savior, which is why she admires me. She's not in love with me or anything." Collin responded confidently, "You must trust my perception as a man. That's a girl's demeanor when she likes someone. I know I'm right." Bonnie scoffed. "So, you understand women that well? Does anyone have a crush on you? Does she look at you like that?"
###Chapter 1117
"I, uh..." Collin felt embarrassed. "No, but I've seen how people interact."
"Don't impose your thoughts on others, Collin. I'm a woman, so I know what Yasmine's thinking. If you don't understand, stop spewing nonsense. It's easy to mislead others, y'know." Bonnie rolled her eyes. 'Collin might be right, but I think Yasmine only admires me because I helped her.'
At that moment, Collin realized something and slapped his thigh. "Oh, I almost forgot! You're disguised as a man!"
Bonnie rolled her eyes again. "What do you mean you almost forgot?! I've always been a woman!"
Collin chuckled awkwardly and glanced at her. "Yeah, but you disguised yourself so well that I almost forgot you're a woman. I'm praising you."
"Ugh, just shut up." Bonnie glared at him. "Go and lock the door-let's discuss a plan to catch Falcon."
After locking the door, Collin voiced his doubts, "You don't believe the nonsense the leader of the Dark Knights said, right? Are you sure you want to rush things because of that?"
He felt Ivor was lying, thinking the latter only said such things to urge Bonnie to expedite things so that they could profit by lending out the chip as soon as possible.
"Do you think just a few words can sway me?" Bonnie said as she approached the window to look at the bustling streets below. Then, she calmly analyzed the situation, "Billy will be on guard since Yasmine has alarmed him.
"Then, he'll move Falcon from his current location. It's an excellent opportunity to locate Falcon and catch him."
Collin gradually understood Bonnie's intentions. "So, that's your plan, huh? I was too oblivious to see it."
Bonnie waved and said, "Go to your room and get the notebook. I need to look at District Nine's distribution map." "Right away, Chief." Collin nodded.
Ivor sat in the car and noticed Yasmine was hesitant to say something. He looked at her and asked, "Do you have something to tell me?"
Yasmin was startled when she heard his sudden question. She patted her chest and said, "Jeez, you scared me, boss."
He felt a headache forming and lowered his voice, saying, "What? Do I need to announce when I'm about to speak?"
After a brief silence, Yasmine said, "Th-that's not what I meant."
"Then, what did you mean?" Ivor squinted, curious to hear her response.
###Chapter 1118
Yasmine stammered, "Uh, wh-what were we talking about?"
Ivor sighed and glanced at her. "You were looking at me weirdly. Did you have something to say?"
Yasmine nodded. "Right, I wanted to ask you something."
Ivor prompted, "Well, go ahead."
"Why don't you join the Nidhoggs, boss? If our organizations join forces, no one can rival us, not even international organizations." Yasmine cautiously observed Ivor's expression as she spoke.
She moved back slightly when she noticed his expression turning solemn. She knew she would provoke his opposition by asking him that. Still, she expected him to react better to her question. Ivor glanced at her coldly. "If you're so eager to merge our organizations, why don't you try persuading your 'savior' to discuss it with me?"
Yasmine scratched her head. "Well, you and I are close, aren't we?"
"We're close, but you almost betrayed us." Ivor remained indifferent.
"Why would you say that, boss? I-I didn't betray anyone! I was just thinking about our organization's future. The Nidhoggs' leader is powerful, right? If we merge with them, we can access their resources. "That would benefit us significantly." Yasmine tried her best to persuade Ivor.
He looked at her condescendingly. "Do you honestly think Mr. Boyd is a fool? He won't let us just use the resources he worked so hard to gather."
Yasmine insisted, "We'll be one big family if our organizations merge. Why would he refuse to let us use his resources?"
Ivor shook his head helplessly. “It's not as simple as you think. Mr. Boyd isn't as good as you think."
"He risked his life to save me, boss! How bad can he be?" Yasmine pouted, unable to accept Ivor criticizing her savior.
"He only shows you what he wants you to see, Yasmine." His eyes shimmered with wisdom as he analyzed the situation for Yasmine, "Why do you think Mr. Boyd risked his life to save you? "It's because he was confident in his abilities. Otherwise, he wouldn't have made such a risk."
After some thought, Yasmine had to admit her boss was right. Still, she defended Bonnie, "But he saved me. That's a fact no one can change."
"I'm not saying he didn't save you, Yasmine. I'll let you repay his kindness, but let's prioritize what's at hand. I've dealt with Mr. Boyd many times, and he's not as kind-hearted as you think.
"He's cunning, and you're no match for him, so stop speaking so recklessly whenever he's around." Ivor tended to treat Yasmine more like a younger sister, even though she often gave him headaches. Yasmine always had trouble understanding certain things, and Ivor constantly had to explain things to her.
"I-I understand Mr. Boyd isn't as simple as I think, boss. Otherwise, he wouldn't have become the Nidhoggs' leader at such a young age," Yasmine insisted, "I'm just proposing a merger for our organization's benefit."
Ivor shook his head and sighed. "It won't work, so stop thinking about it."
Suddenly, Yasmine had an excellent idea. She said, "Since you're unwilling to merge with them, why don't you marry me off to Mr. Boyd? I'll form a marriage alliance and steal their technology for you."
###Chapter 1119
Yasmine's proposal shocked Ivor. Even Floyd, who was driving, choked.
'How does she keep coming up with these things?! I can't help but wonder what goes on in her head.'
Yasmine scratched her head awkwardly when she saw Ivor's gaze and heard Floyd coughing. "Um, did I say something wrong? I think my idea's pretty good, all things considered." Ivor sighed to compose himself. Still, he could barely suppress his emotions before saying, "Never bring that up again. Just forget about it, understood?"
"But why?" Yasmine was puzzled. "I think my idea's perfect, boss! Are you sure you won't even consider it?"
Ivor looked at her condescendingly. "Just shut up, Yasmine, please."
She wanted to say something, but he interjected, "Nope, I don't want to hear it!"
Feeling helpless, Yasmine could only swallow her words. She could not understand what was so wrong about her idea.
'I don't know why they're acting like it's the worst idea they've ever heard. The organization will benefit, and Mr. Ivor has nothing to lose. There's no reason they should disagree!'
Once they reached the hotel, Ivor dealt with urgent company documents. Afterward, he went to rest and thought of Bonnie. After being away from her for so long, he could only distract himself with work. Now that he had time to relax, his wife was all he could think about. Unfortunately, he could not return to Bonnie, even if he wanted to.
Ivor sighed and fiddled with his phone absentmindedly. Then, he almost subconsciously tapped Bonnie's phone number and video-called her. He was even startled when the call rang.
He looked down and realized he had unconsciously called Bonnie.
'I must miss her so much that my subconscious took over. Still, video-calling her is the only way I can see her now.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie had just removed her disguise and lay on the bed when she received Ivor's call. She quickly straightened her clothes and repositioned herself in front of a white wall before answering the call.
Immediately after, she saw her handsome husband on the screen.
###Chapter 1120
Bonnie felt heartbroken when she noticed the stubble on Ivor's chin. "How busy have you been? You even forgot to shave, Ivor."
Ivor paused and touched his chin. He felt the rough stubble and smiled helplessly, saying, "Yeah, I've been busy with so many things lately." He looked into Bonnie's eyes affectionately through the screen. He asked, "Do you miss me, honey? Is that why you noticed such small details?"
She blushed. "Oh, please. I didn't even need to scrutinize your face to notice it."
"Well, that's a lie." Ivor chuckled. "You miss me but won't admit it."
"So what if I do?" Bonnie retorted.
The couple had been apart for quite a while, and the more they talked, the more they yearned for each other.
Ivor was stunned by her question. He softened his tone, saying, "I'll finish up over here as soon as possible. I'm sorry for leaving you for so long after our wedding. I haven't been a good husband."
Bonnie thought, 'I haven't been a good wife, either. Still, no one's to blame since we encountered an unexpected and unavoidable event.'
"It's okay, Ivor. I know you don't want to be away for so long, but I understand." Her understanding tone made Ivor feel even more guilty.
"I can come home sooner if I have an easier time handling things here. It's just that things have gotten tricky now."
Bonnie grew curious when she heard that. "What could be keeping you occupied for so long?"
Ivor's last trip to the neighboring city was short. Moreover, handling company matters should be a breeze for him. Bonnie could not help but wonder why he seemed troubled this time. "You can tell me if you're having that much trouble. Maybe I can help," Bonnie said. Even though she was also busy, she would find the time to help her husband.
"It's nothing major. It's just a series of minor troublesome issues, that's all." Ivor looked down to hide the guilt in his eyes. After all, he could not tell his wife about the situation at Yale.
"Oh, I see." Bonnie squinted and feigned anger. "You know I hate liars. If you have something to say, please tell me. If I find out you're hiding something, I'll ignore you!"
Ivor wanted to tell her about these things, but they were too complicated and dangerous to involve her.
###Chapter 1121
"It's nothing major, Bonnie. If it were that severe, I wouldn't be chatting with you on a video call," Ivor said.
After some thought, Bonnie realized he had a point. "Okay, just don't hide things from me. You don't have to shoulder everything alone, y'know. I can share your burden. I don't want you to sacrifice so much for
me."
"I understand." Ivor smiled. "I always tell you the truth. I would never dare hide anything from my wife."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "You were so serious just now, but you're back to being cheesy again."
"How am I being cheesy?" Ivor said with a hint of amusement in his eyes. "I always speak the truth, but you consider me cheesy."
"You should know the difference," Bonnie said as she got comfortable, causing the camera to shake.
Ivor frowned when he noticed the unfamiliar background. "Honey, where are you? That doesn't look like your room."
Her heart dropped as she thought, 'How'd he figure that out? Was it because I moved, and he saw something he shouldn't have?'
She sighed helplessly. She thought she had everything under control but made a mistake instead.
When Ivor noticed her lack of response, he asked again, "Is your connection acting up? Did you hear me?"
Bonnie returned to her senses and cleared her throat. “Uh, yeah, the connection was a little shaky. I didn't hear you just now. Can you repeat it?"
"Oh, I said you don't look like you're in your room. I was wondering where you were," Ivor said while scrutinizing Bonnie's background, thinking something was amiss.
Bonnie had already prepared an excuse as Ivor spoke. She responded, "I've been experimenting in the lab recently and found commuting too troublesome. They prepared a temporary room for me to rest." "You're staying at the research facility? Is it comfortable?" Ivor half-believed his wife but continued to scrutinize the background.
Bonnie noticed it and acted natural, saying, "Yeah, it's all right. Everything I need is here, so it's convenient."
Ivor nodded. "It's good that it's convenient."
Bonnie was about to sigh in relief, thinking she had escaped. However, he asked, "Care to show me around? I'm worried you might not be as comfortable as you say. You might be hiding it to try not to trouble me."
"Y-You want me to show you around?" Bonnie almost choked.
Ivor could tell something was off just by looking at her expression. He asked again, "Yeah, is that a problem?"
"What, no! Why would it be?" Bonnie tried her best to hide her guilt and had to continue pretending.
Ivor suggested, "Let's end the video call first. Then, you can send me some photos."
Bonnie thought, 'I need to hang up now and tell Toby to send me pictures of his room. He's the only one in the lab that has a room. I thought I could make random excuses to avoid making Ivor suspicious. I didn't think he'd insist on seeing where I was staying.'
###Chapter 1122
Ivor was about to hang up when he had an idea. "Oh, I almost forgot. You can switch the camera since we're on a video call. Taking pictures would be troublesome, after all."
"Y-You want me to flip the camera?" Bonnie's heart raced, wondering why Ivor suddenly changed his approach. He also pinpointed her most significant concerns, which made her nervous.
'Now he's telling me to flip it? There's a significant difference between a hotel and the lab's resting areas. If I flip the camera, he'll notice it immediately. I can't do that. I must bluff my way through this.' Ivor noticed her silence and grew even more puzzled. "Honey, why aren't you saying anything? Is it the connection again?"
'Bonnie's background doesn't look like our home. If she says she's in the lab, I'll believe her. Why did she react so strangely when I asked her to switch the camera? Is she not at home or the lab? Where else could she be?'
Ivor was puzzled and could not think of a reasonable explanation behind his suspicions.
Bonnie gathered her thoughts when she heard his voice. Her brain raced as she struggled to make up an excuse. "Um, I can take pictures for you. I-I'd rather not flip the camera." "Why not?" Ivor's suspicions only grew.
"Because my room is messy. I've been so busy lately and had no time to tidy up. I don't want you to see it," Bonnie quickly said, "If you want pictures, I can tidy up first."
Ivor found her explanation reasonable but forced. "Come on, we're married. I've seen you n***. What's a messy room? I won't judge."
"Even though we're married, I'm still a woman. We like to maintain a good image in front of the people we love, y'know." Bonnie made up a bunch of excuses.
Ivor smiled and repeated, "I'll just take a look. I won't judge."
"Nope," Bonnie firmly refused, "I almost didn't answer your call because my room is messy. I have pride, Ivor."
Ivor chuckled. "Come on, I won't make fun of you."
"You just laughed." Bonnie rolled her eyes.
"I did, but that's because you said I'm the one you love. It made me happy. I wasn't laughing because your room's messy," Ivor patiently explained, "I promise not to make fun of you or your room. Bonnie got a headache from his insistence.
'I can't keep this up. I shouldn't have answered his call. Now, I created a difficult situation for myself.'
###Chapter 1123
"Just drop it, Ivor. I'll send you pictures once I tidy up," Bonnie tried negotiating. Usually, she would not be so submissive, but now she felt guilty. She could only lower her stance to dispel her husband's suspicions.
"Bonnie, are you hiding something from me?" Ivor squinted. The more he looked at his wife, the more he felt something was amiss.
Bonnie was typically straightforward and never fussed over small things. However, she had to beat around the bush because Ivor insisted on seeing her room.
"I'm just at the research facility. What can I be hiding from you? Stop overthinking it, Ivor." Although she tried to appear calm, her heart was in turmoil for fear her husband might notice something. Her biggest worry was that Ivor would return to Pyralis out of suspicion.
'Ivor's in the neighboring city, and I'm in Yale. He's much closer to Pyralis than me. He'll know I'm lying if he surprises me by returning to Pyralis and I'm not there.'
Ivor no longer wanted to beat around the bush. Instead, he spoke directly, "I'm not overthinking, honey. Your behavior is making me suspicious. Are you at the lab, or are you lying to me?" Bonnie retorted, "Where else can I be besides the lab? I told you my room is too messy to show you. Why do you insist on seeing it? I'll clean up and send you pictures."
Ivor was at a loss for words.
'She has a point. Whenever I'm home, she's either at home, the lab, or at the university. Bonnie doesn't go anywhere else unless she has to. I also don't see why she would hide anything from me.' With that in mind, Ivor gradually believed his wife. "I'm sorry, honey. I didn't mean to question you. I was worried about the lab not caring for you when I'm away."
Bonnie sighed in relief when she noticed his suspicions fading. She relaxed, saying, "I'm a grown woman. I can take care of myself, Ivor. I don't need others to do that for me. Although I'm forgetful when busy, I still get things done."
"It's not the same as having me there," Ivor softened his tone, "I'll only feel at ease when I can see you safe and sound. Otherwise, I'll always worry about you."
Bonnie noticed his downcast expression and comforted him, "I'll be okay. You don't need to worry about me. Instead, you need to take care of yourself while you're away. I'll be waiting for you at home. We'll see each other again before you know it."
Ivor sighed helplessly. After all, his wife was so near yet so far. "I wish I could grow wings and fly to you, but unfortunately-"
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door, and Yasmine's voice followed, "Boss, are you in there? I have something to tell you. Hurry up and open the door!"
###Chapter 1124
The commotion at the door made Ivor stiffen.
'What the hell is Yasmine doing?! I don't know if Bonnie heard her. How will I explain myself if she did?'
Bonnie looked at her husband suspiciously, asking, "Who is that at your door? Why are they calling you that?"
Although the voice was faint, she could vaguely hear a woman repeatedly calling Ivor "boss." Typically, people would address him as Mr. Ivor when he was at work.
Bonnie could not help but wonder why the woman called him boss instead. The former believed her husband was on a business trip in the neighboring country, but the woman's manner of address made her suspicious.
Bonnie began to think Ivor might not be in the neighboring country but somewhere else.
Ivor quickly composed himself and responded calmly, "Oh, she's an intern. She has always called me that. I've corrected her several times, but she just can't seem to change. I gave up and let her call me that. Bonnie squinted at him probingly. "Is that so?"
Her distrustful tone made Ivor panic. Still, he kept a calm exterior. "Are you jealous? Should I let her in to talk to you?"
He gambled by saying that, hoping Bonnie would not be petty and make a fuss. He also hoped she would not demand a conversation with the woman just because she heard the latter's voice.
Sure enough, Bonnie waved and said, "No, that's okay. I don't need to talk to a person I don't know. I believe you."
Ivor sighed in relief and smiled, saying, "You can talk to her if you want. I'm fine with it."
His carefree attitude gradually dispelled Bonnie's suspicions. She said, "No, it's okay. It'll be awkward to talk to her so suddenly."
Then, she thought of something and said, "Hey, you've been away for so long, yet I don't even know what your work environment looks like. Can you show me around?"
Ivor was stunned as he covertly glanced around the room. He was in a temporary office, and his desk was cluttered with files.
Although he did not mind Bonnie seeing them, the room's decor was distinctly foreign. If Bonnie noticed them, she would quickly realize he was somewhere else.
Ivor went silent and pondered how to respond. It was ironic-he had suspected his wife of hiding something before, but it seemed the tables had turned.
###Chapter 1125
Bonnie waited for Ivor's response, but he stayed quiet. She asked again, "Ivor, why aren't you saying anything? Did the call freeze?"
Ivor was at a loss, but her question gave him an idea. He could use the lousy connection as an excuse to hang up. Although it had been a while since he had seen his wife or heard her voice, he had to keep his whereabouts a secret.
If Bonnie discovered he was lying, their relationship would only worsen. Ultimately, Ivor mouthed, "Bonnie? Bonnie, can you hear me?"
She read his lips and said, "I can read your lips but can't hear you. Can you hear me?"
Ivor had forgotten that his wife could lipread, so he pretended he could not hear her. He mouthed, "Bonnie, the signal here is terrible. I'll hang up and call you back when it improves."
Bonnie pursed her lips when he hung up the call. Then, she texted Toby and asked for pictures of his room in the research facility.
Toby was puzzled as he replied, "Why do you need pictures of my room, Ms. Bonita? Did something happen?"
She replied, "It's a small matter, but I can't tell you what it is. Just send me some pictures, okay?"
Toby read the reply and responded, "Okay, I'll send them immediately."
Bonnie's tense body finally relaxed when she received the pictures. She no longer had to worry about Ivor calling to check on her again.
After ending the video call with Bonnie, Ivor opened the door and looked at Yasmine indifferently. "What do you want?"
She peered into his room and noticed his grim expression. "Did I interrupt something, boss? Why do you look so upset?" Ivor was exasperated, saying, "Stop with the nonsense and tell me why you're here."
"I, uh..." Yasmine dragged her words, "I wanted to ask if you're going to meet Mr. Boyd today and if I could come with you."
Ivor's already indifferent expression turned cold. "Why would I go see him? Do I look like I have nothing better to do? You can visit him alone if you want. You don't need me to take you there."
Yasmine thought he would scold her if she suggested going alone. She attempted to salvage the situation by smiling awkwardly and saying, "I thought you urged the Nidhoggs to speed up their process.
"If you don't check in on them, they might slack off. Won't it be better if you visited their leader to ensure everything is going well?"
Ivor looked at Yasmine up and down, saying, "Since you're so eager, I'll send you to check on the progress."
###Chapter 1126
Yasmine's eyes lit up instantly. She thought Ivor understood her. Otherwise, why would he give her such an excellent opportunity to meet her savior? However, before she could revel in her joy for more than two seconds, Ivor's following words were like a bucket of cold water.
"Put away those little thoughts of yours and return to the apartment to rest. You cannot go anywhere until your leg is fully healed."
Yasmine's happy expression froze on her face. She pouted, and her entire face fell. "Boss, you said you'd send me. How can you go back on your word?"
"Whether I wanted to send you or expose your little scheme, you know yourself very well," Ivor said, his cold eyes watching her as she seemed about to speak again. He waved his hand dismissively. "Go rest and heal. Don't worry about anything else."
Yasmine stomped her foot in frustration, accidentally aggravating her injury and causing her to grimace in pain. "Ouch! It hurts, it hurts."
Ivor's temples throbbed as he watched her hop around. His voice was laced with frustration as he put his fingers to his brow. "If it hurts, why don't you go rest? Why are you still here?"
Yasmine said in a wheedling tone, rubbing her aching ankle and glancing at Ivor. "Boss, are you not going to ask the Nidhogg Organization about their progress? Aren't you at least a little curious?"
Ivor smirked, a hint of sarcasm in his response. "Not curious. I could call their leader myself, even if I were curious. I don't need you to go running around for it."
"Boss, you have their leader's number? Can you give it to me?" Yasmine batted her eyes furiously at Ivor, trying to win him over with charm.
She had given her savior her contact information, hoping he would call her. She couldn't even sleep last night because she waited so long for a call but didn't get one. She wanted to find her savior but needed a good reason. So she came to Ivor in search of a chance.
Upon hearing this, Ivor finally understood Yasmine's true intentions for coming to see him. "You didn't get his call, so you came to me, hoping I'd create an opportunity for you? Help you make a connection?" Yasmine's face turned a shade of embarrassment as her intentions were bare. "I-I'm doing this for the sake of our organization, not just for my savior."
"Hah!" Ivor laughed coldly. "Yasmine, don't think I don't know your little thoughts. Be honest. Have you taken a liking to him?"
Yasmine pouted. "What good is it if I like him? He has to like me back."
"Since you know that, why are you so persistent? The fact that he didn't call you already says a lot. If you keep pestering him, he'll just think you're being pushy, and his impression of you will only worsen." Ivor advised her with the tone of an elder brother.
Yasmine felt frustrated. "Even if he isn't interested in me now, I must try! Otherwise, how will we ever have a chance?"
###Chapter 1127
Ivor furrowed his brows and advised, "A girl should be a bit more reserved."
"Boss, I finally found my happiness. Why are you stopping me?" Yasmine couldn't understand why Ivor repeatedly prevented her from getting close to her savior.
"I wouldn't stop you if you've truly found happiness. But ask yourself, do you really like him? Or is it just because he saved you that you have such a good impression of him? "Also, I've told you before that he's very cunning and calculating. You're not a match for him. Don't act impulsively until you're sure of your feelings." Ivor sighed softly as he spoke.
"Your brother is no longer here, so I'm like your brother. This is not a joke. Especially regarding someone like the leader of the Nidhogg Organization. He's not a simple person. If you get too close, you'll be the one who gets hurt in the end."
Yasmine was taken aback by Ivor's words. She had to admit he was right on point. She wasn't entirely sure if she genuinely liked her savior. She knew he was the only man who left an excellent impression on her, so she wanted to seize the opportunity to try.
Taking a deep breath, Yasmine responded to Ivor. "Boss, I understand. From now on, I'll think things through carefully before acting."
Ivor nodded slightly. "Good to know. Now go back. I have work to do."
"Alright, Boss. I'll leave now. Bye." Yasmine waved to Ivor before limping away.
After watching her leave, Ivor immediately called Floyd over. "I remember you have a lot of photos of our offices from business trips on your phone, right?"
These photos were initially intended for company promotional materials but had been delayed due to various issues.
"Yes, boss. Why do you ask?" Floyd looked puzzled.
"Honey just checked up on me. Send me a few of those photos to use for now." Ivor pressed his temples, showing how much this situation was troubling him.
"Madam checked up on you?" Floyd was stunned and quickly took out his phone. "Mr. Ivor, I have several photos from your business trips. Take a look and see which ones are suitable. I'll send them right away."
Ivor glanced at the screen and quickly selected a few photos. "These will do. Send them to me quickly."
"Yes, Mr. Ivor. I'll send them right away." Floyd selected the images and sent them to Ivor's contact.
Ivor's phone buzzed as it received the photos. He glanced at them and selected the most appropriate ones to send to Bonnie, along with a few voice messages apologizing.
"Honey, sorry. The network here is terrible. I've been trying to video call you, but it keeps getting disconnected. I had no choice but to show you my office this way."
Meanwhile, Bonnie also sent over some photos. Seeing the photos Ivor sent and listening to his voice messages, she breathed a sigh of relief.
###Chapter 1128
Fortunately, Ivor also sent photos of his office, so it didn't seem odd for Bonnie to send photos as well. Bonnie pressed the voice message button and sent a message to Ivor.
"I saw your office. It looks pretty good. But no matter what, remember to take good care of yourself. Don't neglect your health for work."
Ivor quickly replied with a voice message.
"Honey, I think you should be saying that to yourself. After all, you're the one who often neglects sleep and meals for experiments."
Bonnie smiled warmly upon hearing this.
"I'm saying it to both of us. We're so far apart now that we both need to take good care of ourselves. I don't want to meet a sickly you when we see each other again. Of course, I'll take care of myself, too, so I can be in the best shape when we meet."
Ivor suddenly fell silent. He had been able to suppress his longing, but Bonnie's words made his yearning surge like a tide. At this moment, he wanted to see Bonnie more than ever, not just hear her voice through a cold screen.
Bonnie watched the screen, perplexed that Ivor had not responded. She sent another voice message to check on him.
"Ivor, why aren't you responding? Is it lagging again?"
Ivor's phone buzzed as he played her message, holding the receiver close to feel nearer to her. After listening, he quickly replied.
"Honey, it's not lagging. I just miss you so much. I really, really want to be by your side and hold you."
Being apart from Bonnie for so long had made him suffer greatly. This longing was unbearable, and Bonnie couldn't see his expressions, so he had to convey his feelings through words.
Bonnie felt her heart flutter at the intense longing in Ivor's voice. She bit her lip and hesitated before replying.
"I miss you too..."
After this message, Bonnie and Ivor stared at their screens in silence. Talking more about their feelings would only make the longing stronger. They could only remain silent to cool down their overwhelming emotions.
Bonnie hadn't realized it before, but Ivor's words made her aware of how much she missed him. She wished she could rush to his side and surprise him. She could have done this before, but the Falcon situation required her presence. Even if she wanted to surprise Ivor, she couldn't.
For the first time, Bonnie felt genuinely helpless. The feeling of wanting to see someone but being unable to was indeed quite painful.
###Chapter 1129
Bonnie took a deep breath, trying to make her voice sound as normal as possible. "If you miss me that much, you can speed up dealing with things. That way, we can see each other sooner." She couldn't let her feelings show too clearly because Ivor had already missed her so much. If she expressed her emotions too obviously, it would only make Ivor feel even worse. So, she had to hold back, even though she missed him.
"I do want to finish everything quickly," Ivor said helplessly. "But this situation is tricky. It's not something I can resolve just because I want to."
The Nidhogg Organization was slow to act, and he couldn't move independently. That was the hardest part. He had tried once before, but the results were unsatisfactory. He was hesitant to act rashly, fearing it would bring greater losses to the organization.
"Well," Bonnie said, dismissively waving her hand, "if things can't be resolved quickly, take your time. Why rush? I married you and became your wife. Do you think I'll run away?"
Ivor chuckled. "I'm worried you'll run away. Why else would I be in such a hurry?"
"Don't worry. I have a strong sense of responsibility. I won't run away." Given how much Ivor missed her, she decided to say something comforting to soothe him.
Ivor laughed softly. "That reassures me."
The atmosphere between them lightened considerably. Even though they were only communicating by voice and couldn't see each other's expressions, they could imagine the other's face from their tone, as if they were conversing face-to-face rather than through voice messages.
Bonnie wanted to say a few more words to Ivor, but someone suddenly knocked on her door.
"Chief, are you in there? I've found what you wanted."
Bonnie called out to the person outside the door. "Okay, wait for me outside for two minutes. I'll be right there."
Collin replied, "Got it, chief."
After giving Collin instructions, Bonnie pressed the voice button to speak to Ivor. "Something has come up in my lab. I need to handle it. We can talk more later."
Though Ivor was slightly disappointed that Bonnie was ending their conversation so quickly, he understood how important the experiments were to her. So, he typed a quick reply. "Okay."
Bonnie put her phone in the drawer and opened the door for Collin. Hearing the sound, Collin stood up straight and handed her the prepared documents. "Chief, here's the latest map of District Nine." Bonnie took the documents, her eyes narrowing slightly. "Try to gather all our subordinates. I'll be taking action soon."
Collin was puzzled. "Why, chief? Didn't you say we should proceed slowly? Why the sudden rush? Did something happen?" "Not really." Bonnie walked forward slowly as she spoke. "I miss Ivor. I want to finish things quickly to return to see him." "Chief, y-you miss Mr. Ivor?!" Bonnie's words shocked Collin so shocked that he choked on his saliva.
###Chapter 1130
Bonnie did not understand his exaggerated reaction. "What? Is there a problem? Can't I miss my own man?"
Collin shook his head after hearing Bonnie's straightforward words, "No, I don't have any issues. It's completely normal."
Collin marveled to himself as he spoke, thinking that Bonnie truly was exceptional in being able to express her longing in such a bold and straightforward manner.
Indeed, missing Ivor was her primary reason for wanting to return quickly. However, there was also a secondary reason.
'Ivor's probing today was a narrow escape for me. But what about next time? Will I be as lucky?
'What if Ivor decides to surprise me at the research institute? Though she had instructed the institute's staff to cover for me, I'm far away at Yale. The truth couldn't be hidden forever, and many things would inevitably come to light over time.
'Regarding Falcon, I have my reasons for not informing Ivor. But I don't want him to discover I had been deceiving him. Therefore, this matter needed to be resolved as quickly as possible-it couldn't be delayed any longer.'
"Alright, let's put that aside and discuss the matter with Falcon." Bonnie sat down with the documents, casually flipping through the distribution map of District Nine. "This map looks quite simple. Are you sure you have everything? Nothing's missing?"
Collin nodded. "I've had internal personnel verify it. This is indeed the complete current distribution map for District Nine. Nothing is missing."
"Why is it so simple? They didn't take any special measures in the distribution?" Bonnie frowned, finding the simplicity of the map a bit suspicious.
Collin explained, "Organizations in Yale typically have such distributions. They focus more on the distribution of weapons and patrol personnel, unlike us in Arvandor, where there's more complexity in the regional setup."
Hearing this, Bonnie understood. "I see. This makes it much easier for us to take action."
Bonnie pointed at the map and marked it. "We'll place one team here to hold the line while another team will break through from here..."
She jotted down notes on the map as she spoke, and Collin captured it all without skipping a beat. Bonnie usually gave him instructions once and let him make the arrangements for the rest. Collin's phone suddenly rang during their discussion.
"Chief, hold on a moment. I need to take this call."
"Alright." Bonnie acknowledged and put her pen down.
Collin pulled out his phone and answered it. "Hello, what's up?"
Whatever the person on the other end said made Collin's eyes widen in shock.
###Chapter 1131
"Are you sure? Is the information reliable?" Collin asked, his voice tinged with urgency.
The person on the other end confirmed confidently. After a brief exchange, Collin ended the call and turned to Bonnie, his face beaming with excitement. "Chief! Our people have located Falcon!" Upon hearing this, Bonnie's eyes lit up with excitement as well. "Really? They were struggling before. How did they locate him all of a sudden? Could it be a trap set by Billy?"
After all, Billy wasn't stupid. Even Yasmine's flawless execution had been detected by him. This time, she had gotten smarter by verifying the authenticity of any information from that end.
"It's true!" Collin's voice trembled with excitement. "We owe it to the Dark Knight Organization for sending Yasmine to hypnotize Billy! After investigating, Billy realized Yasmine was from the Dark Knight Organization and discovered our alliance.
"Now, fearing he couldn't beat us and unwilling to lose the chip, he had to move Falcon to a safer place. Our people tracked him during the transfer and pinpointed Falcon's location."
Bonnie rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "If that's the case, they will start cracking the chip soon."
"I think so, too." Collin's excitement grew. "We were just about to act, and now this good news arrives."
"This news indeed came at the right time. We had our people investigate Falcon for a long time without results. Now we finally have a lead." Bonnie looked at the distribution map, pointing to a corner marked with a red dot. "I'm guessing they've placed Falcon here."
Collin followed her gaze and then shook his head. "I'm not sure yet. I'm having them send the map over right now."
"Hurry them up. We need to confirm the exact location."
"Got it." Just as Collin spoke, his phone buzzed. He quickly checked the message, which contained the location map from their subordinates.
Bonnie glanced at his screen, immediately recognizing Falcon's location. "As I thought, they've hidden Falcon here."
Collin verified Bonnie's opinion by comparing the maps. He slapped his thigh in admiration. "Chief! You're incredible! How did you know where they'd hide Falcon?"
"It's simple," Bonnie explained, "Based on their distribution map, this is their headquarters with the highest concentration of guards. Now that they fear both our organizations might join forces to seize the chip, they have no choice but to hide Falcon in the safest place they know." She analyzed each point for Collin.
He gave her a thumbs-up. "Your mind is so sharp. If only you could give me half your intelligence."
"No big deal," Bonnie replied nonchalantly. "It's just standard procedure."
Collin chuckled. "Are you showing off?"
"What I said is standard procedure. I'm not showing off." Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Did you bring the notebook I asked you to get earlier?"
Collin slapped his forehead, realizing he had forgotten. "Sorry, chief. I forgot. I'll get it right now."
He returned to his room, got the notebook, and gave it to Bonnie. "Here you go."
###Chapter 1132
Bonnie's fingers danced quickly across the keyboard of her notebook. Suddenly, her eyes froze.
Collin asked curiously when he noticed her hesitation, "Chief, what's wrong?"
Bonnie turned the notebook screen towards him. "Just as I suspected, after transferring Falcon, their next step is to crack the chip. It seems Falcon tried to break the last two layers of encryption but failed. "Now, Billy has posted on the dark web to recruit experts by offering a huge reward for deciphering the code. Though he didn't explicitly mention the chip, I can tell that's what he's referring to." Collin followed her gaze, saw the price Billy offered, and scoffed. "Hmph, only 8 million? Billy is seriously underestimating our organization's research. The Dark Knight Organization paid Falcon 1.6 billion for our chip, and Billy is offering just 8 million?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes in exasperation. "Your focus is peculiar. Don't you understand my point?"
Collin scratched the back of his head. "I honestly don't quite understand what you're saying."
Bonnie gave him a big, exasperated eye roll while shaking her head. "What I mean is, this is our chance! With Billy openly recruiting experts, it's the perfect time for us to infiltrate. I've decided to pose as a hacker and infiltrate their organization to retrieve the chip."
Collin immediately ed. "Do you remember how dangerous it was for Yasmine when she hypnotized Billy? You'd be going deep into their organization. If you're discovered, it will be hazardous, and we don't even know if you'll make it out."
He shook his head vehemently. "No, no, it's too dangerous. You can't go."
"I'm different from Yasmine," Bonnie said, narrowing her long, phoenix-like eyes. "Her hypnosis skills are excellent, but she lacks in other areas. I'm more cautious and skilled than she is. If I say I can do it, I'm confident in succeeding."
She raised her chin and showed her proud expression. "You know I never undertake anything I'm not sure of."
Collin frowned and opened his mouth to say something but reconsidered. Thinking about Bonnie's safety, he swallowed his words and continued to persuade her.
"It's just too dangerous. You can't go! If something happens to you, what about me? What about the people in the organization? Think about Mr. Ivor. You don't want him to be a widower so soon after getting married, do you?"
"What are you saying?" Bonnie was exasperated. "Widower? What kind of expression is that?"
"Anyway, I just don't want you to risk yourself," Collin insisted, his frown deepening. He decided silently and said, "How about letting me go? I promise to complete the task."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows upon hearing this.
###Chapter 1133
"If you want to go, that's fine," Bonnie said. "But first, I need to ask you a few questions. If you can answer them, I'll let you go."
Upon hearing that Bonnie would quiz him, Collin straightened his back immediately. "Go ahead!"
"When you get there, Billy will definitely test your technical knowledge to assess your abilities. I won't ask you anything too difficult, just a few simple questions." As she spoke, Bonnie quickly listed a few questions. "Alright, answer these. Let's see if you can."
After hearing the questions, Collin's eyes widened, and his mouth dropped open in shock. He was silent for a moment before he closed his mouth. "Are you sure these are simple questions?"
Collin had learned quite a bit about chip technology by following Bonnie closely, but now he couldn't answer any of her questions. He couldn't even grasp what she was asking.
Bonnie shrugged. "Yes, these are the simplest questions. How will you pass Billy's assessment if you can't understand these? Infiltrating them in this state would be a hundred, even a thousand times more dangerous than if I went."
Collin was silent, though he reluctantly admitted she had a point. He scratched his head vigorously, feeling useless for the first time, unable to help alleviate Bonnie's burdens. "Chief, is there no other way besides you going personally? Maybe we can develop a better idea if we think harder."
"There are other ways, but me going personally is the most secure." Bonnie's calm voice carried a wisdom and steadiness that were hard to dispute. "Yasmine's hypnosis of Billy already alerted them. Now, it's a rare opportunity to have Falcon transferred into their organization.
"Sending someone else poses a high risk of failure, and it's dangerous. If I go, I can at least guarantee my safety and escape if things go wrong. Can anyone else guarantee that? Not even you. So, it has to be
me."
Collin scratched his head even harder, almost breaking the skin. "You're right, but Falcon knows you. What if he recognizes you while you're solving Billy's tests? That's what worries me the most." "You don't need to worry about that. I have a plan to handle it."
Seeing that Collin still wanted to persuade her, Bonnie quickly raised her hand to stop him. "Alright, I've made up my mind. I won't change my decision no matter what you say."
Collin frowned, knowing it was pointless to argue further. "Then, how about I go with you? If something happens, we can look out for each other."
###Chapter 1134
Bonnie refused Collin's suggestion without a second thought. "Two people going together are more likely to get exposed. It's better to go alone. I can adapt to whatever situation arises." Collin sighed helplessly. "It's all my fault for being so useless and unable to help when it matters most."
"Don't say that," Bonnie said and patted his shoulder. "I charge forward on the front lines, and you handle the logistics. Doing the logistics well is also very important. Your work directly affects whether I can successfully escape from Billy's base."
Collin knew that Bonnie's words were partly to comfort him. After all, Bonnie was so capable that she would likely return safely from Billy's base whether he was involved. But even so, he would do his best to handle the logistics to add an extra layer of security for her.
"Okay, Ms. Bonnie. I'll keep a close watch and make sure the logistics are ready to support you at any moment."
"Mm." Bonnie nodded lightly. She glanced at her watch and said, "It's still early. The leader of the Dark Knight Organization should still be up. I'll call him to discuss this matter and have them prepared as well." Collin furrowed his brows, looking puzzled. "Chief, we can handle this ourselves. Why inform them? Won't more people just make things more chaotic?"
Bonnie shook her head. "That's not right. Remember how angry I was when the Dark Knight Organization broke their promise? Wouldn't we be doing the same if we act now without telling them? I don't want to be seen as untrustworthy.
"Besides, if things go south and the Dark Knight Organization is also present, it will intimidate Billy and prevent them from making rash moves."
Collin listened to Bonnie's analysis and nodded in agreement. "How do you think of all these details so quickly?"
Bonnie had already laid out the entire plan before he could even wrap his head around the situation. Her ability was truly impressive and worthy of his leadership.
"Some things need to be thought through before acting. Otherwise, it would be too late to consider them when the situation unfolds."
Like a chicken pecking at grains, Collin nodded vigorously and responded admiringly, "You're right, chief. It seems I have much to learn from you to think things through more comprehensively."
"No worries, you're still young and have much to learn. Take your time." Bonnie gave Collin a reassuring look, then took out her backup phone to call Ivor.
On the other end of the line, Ivor's voice came through, tinged with surprise. "Is the sun rising from the west today? The leader of the Nidhogg Organization is calling me personally?"
His tone was thick with teasing, making Bonnie want to roll her eyes. "I wanted to discuss our organization's upcoming operation with you. If you're not interested, I'll hang up." "Wait!" Ivor hurriedly stopped her, worried she might hang up. "Have you figured out your strategy?"
###Chapter 1135
Bonnie responded, "You could say that. But it seems you don't care much based on your tone. Maybe I shouldn't have called you. Our organization can handle the operation ourselves. It will have nothing to do with you when we retrieve the chip."
She spoke earnestly and seriously. Ivor suppressed his initial impulse to joke and softened his tone.
"I take this very seriously! Who said I don't? Didn't I say before that you should inform me as soon as you have a strategy, and I'll fully cooperate?"
After all, he had been staying at Yale for so long precisely because of the chip. If it weren't for the technology within the chip, he would have already gone home to be with Bonnie. He wouldn't still be here.
He didn't want to lose this chance now that the Nidhogg Organisation had a strategy and was close to obtaining the chip.
Hearing Ivor's change in tone, Bonnie let out a light scoff. "Oh, so you do care. I thought you just liked to talk big and didn't care about the chip."
Ivor was momentarily at a loss for words. However, he decided to swallow his pride and look for a chance to argue later, considering that she held the key to the chip. The priority was to get the chip.
He shifted the topic. "What's your strategy? Tell me, and I'll see how to cooperate with you."
Since he had turned to the main topic, Bonnie composed herself and spoke more seriously.
"I saw that Billy's organization is recruiting technical experts on the dark web. I decided to infiltrate their organization myself. Your job is to coordinate with my subordinates and be ready to support me." After putting in so much effort to retrieve the chip and lending it to the Dark Knight Organization, asking Ivor and his team to do this simple task was a favor to them. However, the combined force of the two organizations was indeed quite formidable.
Since Ivor had signed an agreement with her, she saw no reason not to use this resource to ensure safety.
"You decided to go yourself?" Ivor was visibly surprised. "Are you sure?"
"I called to tell you this, didn't I?" Bonnie pressed her temples in exasperation. "Why do you all keep asking if I'm sure? Do my words lack credibility?"
Ivor regained his composure and explained, "It's not that your words lack credibility, but as the leader of the Nidhogg Organization, I didn't expect you to risk your own safety."
'Infiltrating an enemy organization was inherently dangerous. While Mr. Boyd is highly capable, I didn't expect him to undertake such a risky mission himself.
'Success is not guaranteed, and failure could be fatal. The fact that the Nidhogg Organization would take this on is surprising.'
Bonnie lifted her chin slightly and said with a hint of pride, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained! Who else could take this action if I, as the leader, don't?
###Chapter 1136
Ivor was momentarily stunned before a look of admiration crossed his eyes. He had to admit that Mr. Boyd's willingness to take such risks was indeed impressive.
"I understand what you mean. I'll mobilize my team to cooperate with your subordinates and ensure everything goes smoothly."
"Okay," Bonnie responded lightly. "So I'll hang up now if there is nothing else."
"When do you plan to leave?" Ivor asked.
Bonnie was puzzled by his question but said, "Probably tomorrow or the day after. Do you have other plans?"
"It's not exactly another plan; I just wanted to see you off," Ivor said with a hint of laughter.
"See me off?" Bonnie raised her eyebrows high. "Do you think I'm going on a one-way trip and won't return?"
Ivor was momentarily speechless again.
"We are partners now, after all. How could you think that?"
"Really?" Bonnie's eyebrows arched even higher. "You suddenly being so kind is hard for me to adjust to."
'Mr. Boyd is indeed courageous, but he was also adept at making sharp remarks.'
Not hearing a response from Ivor, Bonnie realized she had rendered him speechless and chuckled.
"I'm just joking. If you want to see me off, then come. It's best if you come tomorrow because I still have preparations to make."
Ivor didn't take Bonnie's banter to heart and nodded, agreeing. "Alright, I'll come tomorrow."
"Okay," Bonnie responded lightly before hanging up the phone to begin her preparations.
Ivor arrived at the hotel the next day to see Bonnie off, with Yasmine trailing behind him enthusiastically. Initially, he hadn't wanted to bring Yasmine, but he couldn't resist her persistent pleading and finally agreed to bring her along.
The moment Yasmine saw Bonnie in her disguise, she immediately gave her a bear hug. "My savior, are you really going into Billy's organization alone? Can you take me with you? I can help out." Ivor's temples throbbed as he watched Yasmine act so shamelessly. "Yasmine, come back here!"
Yasmine had promised to stay by his side and behave before coming. But now she had seen her savior, she reacted like a puppy, darting over to Bonnie instantly. It made him wonder how she managed to maintain her cool image on screen.
Despite Ivor's authoritative tone, Yasmine didn't return to his side but instead hid behind Bonnie. "Boss, what's the matter? Didn't you come here to say these things? I'm just saying them for you. Aren't I considerate?"
She winked at Ivor as she spoke.
###Chapter 1137
Ivor pressed his temples forcefully, his chest heaving with irritation. "Stop talking, and come here."
He felt genuinely embarrassed to have such a shameless subordinate.
"Boss! My savior is going to such a dangerous place. Can't you stop focusing on trivial details and let me accompany him?" Yasmine argued, leaving Ivor momentarily speechless and unsure of how to respond to her audacity.
Bonnie found their interaction quite amusing. She subtly pulled her arm away from Yasmine and stepped to the side to distance them. "Ms. Yasmine, men and women should maintain a proper distance. You should listen to your boss and return to his side."
"But you're my savior! Our relationship is purely that, without any gender implications," Yasmine said, trying to cling to Bonnie again.
However, Collin stepped in to block her before she could move. "Ms. Yasmine, since Mr. Boyd has already stated that men and women should keep a proper distance, please respect that."
Yasmine pouted as Collin blocked her view of Bonnie. "I don't care about such gender distinctions. Why should you?"
Collin's mouth twitched slightly. He then stepped back to Bonnie's side and said in a low voice audible only to them, "See? I told you Yasmine liked you, but you didn't believe me. Just look at her. She's practically glued to you with those infatuated eyes."
Bonnie furrowed her delicate eyebrows, her voice turning colder. "Just ignore it. She'll naturally give up if she doesn't get a response over time."
She had sensed Yasmine's budding affection before, but it hadn't diminished after a period of not seeing her. It seemed to have grown stronger.
Collin shook his head. "Back when you were still presenting as a woman, your charm attracted suitors that could line up from here to Pyralis. Now, with you cross-dressing, your charm has only increased. How are the rest of us supposed to live?"
"With so many people around, do you not know what should and shouldn't be said?" Bonnie shot him a big glare.
Blabbing about her cross-dressing in front of everyone, his mouth had no filter. She didn't even know how to respond!
"I spoke so quietly that they didn't hear. Don't worry." Collin assured her while keeping his voice low.
Bonnie gave him a stern look. "Just make sure not to say such things in public again. Keep your mouth in check."
Upon seeing her gradually serious expression, Collin straightened up and promised, "Yes, I understand. I won't say it again."
"Good, as long as you know." Bonnie withdrew her gaze from him.
She turned to find Yasmine looking at her with sparkling eyes, her eyebrows knitting slightly in response. "Why are you staring at me like that?"
Yasmine batted her eyes, cupping her chin and gazing at Bonnie with admiration. "Nothing, my savior. I just think you look incredibly handsome from this angle." Bonnie's lips twitched.
After shifting her gaze from Yasmine to Ivor, she spoke, "Weren't you here to see me off? Have a seat."
###Chapter 1138
"Alright." Ivor replied, sitting down across from her. "Although your organization developed the chip, you did agree to lend it to us for half a month, considering our organization's interests. You're also carrying part of our burden by risking your life now."
As he spoke, he took out a small and exquisitely crafted gun from the inner lining of his pocket.
"This is a secret weapon developed by our organization. It can function as a tranquilizer gun, a regular firearm, or even a mini-explosive. You might not necessarily need it, but having it for self-defense could be useful in emergencies."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows in surprise at the three functions he mentioned. "How can such a small gun contain so many functions? Are you sure you're not joking?"
She hadn't expected the Dark Knight Organization to have such capabilities. They had indeed kept this well hidden, revealing their trump card only now. She might never have known about this ability otherwise.
"You can try it out in the basement." Ivor stood up from his chair. "I'll demonstrate it for you to avoid any accidental misuse."
"Alright!" Bonnie also stood up, showing interest in the secret weapon Ivor offered.
Collin, noticing their intention to go to the basement, quickly got up to lead the way. "I'll take you to the basement of this hotel. The layout is a bit complex, so be careful."
"Got it." Ivor stepped aside to let Bonnie go first and kept a few steps behind her. It was better for their people to take the lead in an unfamiliar location. Despite his current good cooperation with the leader of the Nidhogg Organization, he needed to ensure his safety.
Yasmine hurriedly followed as they started moving, "Wait for me! I'm coming too!"
Hearing Yasmine's loud voice, Ivor glanced at her coolly. "Yasmine, can you control your volume when you speak? Stop being so loud and obnoxious."
Yasmine usually spoke and acted with decorum, although she had a lively personality. But, her exuberant nature seemed magnified, becoming more uninhibited ever since meeting "Mr. Boyd."
"Boss, I don't think my voice is that loud..." Yasmine replied absentmindedly, her gaze fixed on Bonnie.
Ivor observed her distraction and pressed his temples in frustration. "Never mind. Just remember to lower your voice next time."
Realizing that Yasmine wasn't paying attention to his words, he kept his instructions brief to ensure she understood. Finally, she responded. "Got it, boss. I'll keep my voice down."
She lowered her voice while pointing towards Bonnie. "Boss, could you move aside a bit? I want to follow my savior."
###Chapter 1139
Ivor remained silent for a moment before speaking. "Why are you so persistent with him?"
"Of course, it's because he's handsome, kind-hearted, excellent, humble, and modest..." Yasmine counted Bonnie's virtues on her fingers. By the time she finished, she had run out of fingers. "He truly is my savior. His virtues are endless."
She shook her head in admiration. "He's just too perfect, like someone who only exists in my dreams."
Seeing that Yasmine seemed to fall deeper into her infatuation, Ivor felt compelled to remind her. "Don't forget what I told you. You're no match for him." Yasmine pursed her lips. "I just want to be around him and express my admiration and adoration. I don't want to overthink things."
Having the rare chance to see her savior, she wanted to cherish this opportunity. What Ivor said about her not being his match was not her concern. "You're so single-minded," Ivor said, exasperated. "I've warned you so many times, but you don't listen. You will only end up getting hurt in the end." "But I haven't even started yet. How could I get hurt?" Yasmine muttered discontentedly. "And even if I get hurt, I'd be happy to fall for him." Ivor was speechless. Yasmine would only understand once she experienced the consequences herself.
Floyd, listening to their conversation, called out, "Mr. Ivor. Mr. Ivor."
Ivor turned to look at him. "What is it?"
"I think it's a bit too early to worry about Ms. Yasmine getting hurt," Floyd said cautiously.
Ivor's already furrowed brows tightened even more. "Why do you say that? Shouldn't I remind her?"
Floyd quickly waved his hand and explained, "Mr. Ivor, that's not what I meant."
Ivor pressed further. "Then what do you mean?"
"I mean, Mr. Boyd doesn't seem to have any romantic interest in Miss Yasmine. I don't think anything will happen between them," Floyd shared his thoughts.
To his surprise, these words didn't ease the tension on Ivor's face. Instead, his brows furrowed even more.
"Are you saying Mr. Boyd isn't interested in Yasmine? While Yasmine's personality might be a bit exuberant, she has many good qualities, even if she's not very reserved..."
Ivor had always considered Yasmine to be his younger sister. Hearing Floyd's words triggered his protective instincts. However, Yasmine's excessive enthusiasm was a big issue and the reason for his concern
Floyd said, "Ms. Yasmine is great, but Mr. Boyd doesn't seem to have any feelings for her. Besides, the leader doesn't look like someone who would play with others' emotions. So, Mr. Ivor, you don't need to worry too much. Just let things unfold naturally."
###Chapter 1140
Ivor nodded in rare agreement after listening. "What you said makes some sense."
He recalled that when Yasmine first saw Mr. Boyd and approached him, he maintained his distance and mentioned maintaining proper boundaries. Therefore, Floyd's reasoning wasn't entirely unfounded. Even if Yasmine didn't understand boundaries, there was no need for excessive worry as long as Mr. Boyd did.
Yasmine's voice rang in their ears. "Floyd, Boss, what are you two whispering about back there? Hurry up and catch up. We're almost there."
Ivor responded, "Got it. Stay close and don't fall behind."
The basement was pitch dark and had a musty smell, suggesting it had been abandoned for a long time. It would be easy to slip without careful attention.
"Okay, boss, you guys hurry up too." Yasmine was content just walking behind Bonnie, feeling a deep satisfaction. She watched Bonnie's upright figure as she bounced along with joy she couldn't quite describe.
Bonnie caught a glimpse of Yasmine's wobbly shadow and reminded her, "There's a lot of moss here. Don't jump around; it's easy to slip."
A wave of warmth surged through Yasmine upon hearing Bonnie's concern. She didn't argue and seemed very obedient, completely different from her usual rebellious self around Ivor.
"I understand, my savior. I'll walk carefully."
"Hmm," Bonnie responded lightly.
But Yasmine let out a cry just as she finished speaking. "Ahh!"
She accidentally stepped on some moss on the edge, causing her to slip forward uncontrollably. Her heart sank as she slid forward. A bad fall here could leave her crippled with her injured leg.
Ivor and Floyd heard her cry. Seeing her slip, Ivor frowned and quickly told Floyd, "Hurry and see if you can catch her!"
"Yes," Floyd responded quickly and dashed forward.
Just when Yasmine thought it was over for her, a pair of hands suddenly grabbed her waist with surprising strength to stabilize her.
Yasmine was relieved and looked up hastily. Her eyes filled with admiration when she saw Bonnie's handsome disguise.
"Savior, you've saved me again."
"It's just a small thing," Bonnie replied expressionlessly while straightening Yasmine's tilted body.
"Stand firm. I'm going to let go."
"Okay." Despite her words, Yasmine's eyes remained fixed on Bonnie's face, unable to look away. As she tried to regain her balance, a spasm of pain shot through her injured leg, making her g*** softly. "Ugh-"
Cold sweat broke out on her forehead, and her face turned pale. Bonnie reached out to steady her shaky body again after noticing her condition.
###Chapter 1141
"What's wrong? Did you sprain your ankle again?" Bonnie asked.
Ivor and Floyd reached them. Seeing Yasmine's forehead covered in cold sweat, Ivor rubbed his temples. "Every time I speak, you treat it as nothing. Now look, you've hurt yourself."
Upon hearing the faint rebuke in her boss's voice, Yasmine's eyes welled up with tears. "Boss, my leg hurts so much! How can you still scold me?"
Ivor's lips pressed into a sharp line. He said nothing more, just gazing at Yasmine silently. Knowing she was at fault, Yasmine didn't dare meet his eyes and instead looked pitifully at Bonnie. "Savior, my leg hurts; it's throbbing. I think I sprained it."
As a fellow woman, Bonnie felt a surge of sympathy seeing Yasmine on the verge of tears. "It's okay, let me take a look."
She scooped Yasmine up and carried her to a nearby basement section. Unlike the dark hallway they came through, this basement part was well-lit.
This hotel was a small base for the Nidhogg in Yale, which explained why Collin was so familiar with the basement's layout. But there was no need to let the Dark Knight Organization know about this. Bonnie placed Yasmine on a wooden bed and examined her now swollen and reddening ankle. She then frowned and said, "Your sprain is quite severe, and with your previous leg injury from the gunshot, it could leave a permanent injury if it's not properly treated."
Yasmine, now genuinely frightened, could no longer hold back her tears. They shimmered on her eyelashes, threatening to fall. "Savior, please, you have to help me. I don't want to have a lasting injury."
She needed her legs, whether for missions or acting. A lasting injury would affect every aspect of her life. She didn't want to become useless.
Though Yasmine was usually strong, the potential severity of this injury terrified her. Seeing her distress, Bonnie patted her shoulder reassuringly. "It's alright, I can heal you. Don't worry."
Although she had confidence in treating Yasmine's injury, she told her the gravity of the situation to ensure Yasmine would be more careful in the future. Yasmine sniffled, using all her strength to hold back her tears. "Savior, are you sure? Can you really heal me?"
"Yes," Bonnie replied with certainty. Her steady tone was like a balm to Yasmine's anxious heart, which helped her calm down. "Thank you, Savior. It seems I must trouble you again."
"It's no trouble. Just be more careful next time. It's your body; you need to take care of it," Bonnie said as she palpated two areas of Yasmine's ankle. "Which spot hurts more?" Yasmine focused on the sensations. "The spot where the bone is sticking out hurts more."
"Alright, I understand." Bonnie rubbed her hands together to warm them before massaging the acupuncture points on Yasmine's ankle. Ivor's gaze shifted in surprise as he watched her adept movements. 'Why did it seem like Mr Boyd's treatment methods and techniques are similar to how my honey treats people?'
###Chapter 1142
Floyd asked when he noticed Ivor's dazed expression, "Mr. Ivor, what are you looking at?"
Ivor narrowed his cold eyes, a thoughtful look passing through them. "Do you think Mr. Boyd's technique for treating people is similar to Bonnie's?"
He had seen Bonnie treat people many times, so he noticed the similarity immediately.
Floyd followed Ivor's gaze. "It doesn't seem similar at all. Where do you see the resemblance? Besides, such massage techniques are common. Mr. Boyd probably learned similar medical skills to Ms. Bonnie, so they appear similar to you."
"Is that so?" Ivor furrowed his brows, feeling familiarity lingering in his mind, refusing to go away.
"Of course," Floyd responded. Then, as if remembering something, he leaned closer and whispered, "Also, Mr. Boyd is a man, a real man. Why do you keep associating him with Ms. Bonnie?"
He remembered this wasn't the first time Ivor had made such a connection. No matter how he looked at it, he saw no resemblance between the leader of the Nidhogg Organization and Bonnie.
Ivor let out a faint hum when he recalled the faint fragrance he had smelled on Mr. Boyd and when they fell into the pit.
"Whether Mr. Boyd is a man is still uncertain."
Floyd's eyes widened. "You mean there's a possibility he's a woman? But what about Ms. Yasmine? She likes him so much. How heartbroken will she be if he turns out to be a woman?"
"It's just a guess, not a certainty," Ivor replied. Then, he suddenly thought of something, turned to Floyd, and warned, "So don't tell Yasmine about this. Please don't mention it to her without concrete evidence. Given her personality, who knows what trouble she might cause."
Floyd nodded quickly, "Understood, Mr. Ivor. I won't say anything."
"Good," Ivor responded faintly, then continued watching Bonnie treat Yasmine.
While Ivor and Floyd talked, Bonnie had almost finished massaging Yasmine. She withdrew her hands and asked, "Does it feel less painful now?"
Yasmine moved her ankle slightly, feeling the reduced pain. Her eyes lit up. "It's not as painful anymore! Savior, what technique is this? It's amazing!"
She had known her savior had excellent medical skills but hadn't expected them to be so advanced. Using just her hands, Bonnie could alleviate her pain without any instruments.
"It's just a simple massage technique, nothing advanced," Bonnie explained. "The next part might hurt a bit. Bear with it."
The massage was a preliminary step; the treatment was yet to come.
Yasmine's face fell upon hearing this. "Savior, can you be gentle? I'm terrified of pain."
###Chapter 1143
Yasmine's eyes reddened slightly as she looked pitifully at Bonnie. Who could resist such a beautiful woman acting coquettishly? If it were someone else, they might be eager to pluck the stars and the moon for Yasmine.
But the person Yasmine was facing was Bonnie.
Bonnie wasn't good at comforting people; she was straightforward. "I'll try, but even if it hurts, don't scream, or it'll affect my procedure."
She disliked it when patients wailed during treatment, as it disrupted her focus and affected the treatment's outcome.
Though Yasmine feared the pain, she obediently nodded. "Alright, just be gentle. I'll bite my tongue and hold back my voice."
"It only hurts for a moment and is not that bad. Just bear with it, and it'll be over soon." Bonnie continued to rub Yasmine's ankle, finding the acupuncture points.
Despite hitting a painful spot, Yasmine didn't cry out and obediently held back.
Floyd remarked, "Look at Yasmine! She's so obedient to Mr. Boyd! I remember when our organization's doctors treated her, her screams were so awful everyone thought she was being tortured. But now, see how well-behaved she is? I've never seen her so compliant."
Ivor glanced at him coolly. "So? What are you trying to say?"
"I'm not trying to say anything, just making an observation," Floyd replied, feeling an inexplicable sense of foreboding from Ivor's gaze.
Ivor treated Yasmine like a sister, but she was never this obedient in front of Ivor. He shot Floyd an exasperated look before turning his attention back to Bonnie.
Still mumbling to himself, Floyd added, "It must've been difficult raising someone like her."
Upon hearing the muttered words, Ivor turned to Floyd again. "Can you shut your mouth?" Floyd gulped and quickly covered his mouth.
With the conversation over, Bonnie's treatment for Yasmine was nearing its end.
With a final "crack," Yasmine let out a muffled g***. "Ugh."
After observing her for a moment, Bonnie stood up. "Alright, your leg is fine now. Be careful when walking. You got lucky this time, but you might not be so fortunate next time. Your leg can't withstand another injury."
Though Yasmine's eyes were brimming with tears from the pain, she didn't want to seem too fragile in front of her savior. She responded, "Alright, I'll be more careful next time. I'm sorry for troubling you again."
###Chapter 1144
"It's nothing, just a small effort," Bonnie said, reaching out to touch Yasmine's wrist.
Before she could say anything further, Ivor's slightly icy voice cut in. "Didn't you already finish treating her? Why are you still touching her? Trying to take advantage of her?"
Bonnie raised her eyebrows, a hint of amusement flickering in her eyes. "You call this taking advantage? I didn't expect the leader of the Dark Knight Organization to be so ignorant." Yasmine quickly jumped to Bonnie's defense. "Boss, my savior is treating me! How can you accuse him of taking advantage of me? Besides, someone as upright as my savior would never do that!" Grateful for Bonnie's willingness to help her again, Yasmine couldn't stand the thought of her savior being misunderstood. 'What if Mr. Boyd got angry?'
Ivor's temples throbbed when he saw Yasmine defended Bonnie once more. "Yasmine, stop talking!"
Yasmine pouted. "I'll stop if you stop accusing my savior."
"You-" Ivor was about to argue when Bonnie interrupted, calmly retracting her hand. "I was taking her pulse to check her condition. I wasn't taking advantage of her."
Bonnie hadn't planned to explain, but she didn't want to sour relations with the Dark Knight Organization partners just before departure. It would be disastrous if Ivor turned against them over a misunderstanding.
Ivor had expected another snide remark from Bonnie, but her explanation surprised him. He intended to test if the Nidhogg Organization leader had feelings for Yasmine. With his test complete, he decided to drop the issue.
"Sorry, I misunderstood. Don't take it to heart."
"Alright," Bonnie responded lightly. Whatever Ivor's intentions, she didn't care to pursue it further.
After a moment of silence, she changed the subject. "Didn't you say you would show me your organization's secret weapon? Can we start now?"
"Yes," Ivor replied. He then pulled a small, exquisite pistol from his inner pocket. "But I'll only show it once, so watch closely."
"Suit yourself," Bonnie leaned casually against the wall and watched Ivor with the pistol. Her eyes held a fleeting daze. From this angle, Ivor's posture and how he held the gun reminded her strikingly of
someone.
'Could it be my imagination?' This wasn't the first time she had felt this way. When she first saw him, she had the same sensation...
As Bonnie pondered, Ivor suddenly turned to face her. Their eyes met, and a familiar feeling echoed through their souls, causing their pupils to tremble slightly.
A strange familiarity spread through their chests and left them equally stunned.
'Familiar... Why does this feel so familiar?'
###Chapter 1145
Standing beside Bonnie, Collin noticed the strange expressions on her and Ivor's faces as they stared at each other. He waved his hand in front of Bonnie's eyes. "Mr. Boyd, Mr. Boyd, are you okay?" The sound of his voice snapped Bonnie back to reality. She glanced at Ivor, struggling to articulate the strange feeling in her heart. It was a familiarity that defied description.
Ivor felt much the same, perhaps even more intensely. It was as if Bonnie was someone he knew very well. But how could that be? Bonnie was far away in Pyralis and busy in the lab. She couldn't possibly be here.
Besides, if Bonnie really were the person standing opposite him, she would have recognized him immediately, given her intelligence and sharpness.
So, it had to be an illusion. Both Ivor and Bonnie dismissed the sensation as a mere illusion.
Bonnie was the first to look away and turned her gaze to Collin. "What were you saying to me?"
Collin asked, "I just wanted to know why you were staring at the Dark Knight Organization leader like that. Your expression was so strange, as if you were seeing someone you knew." "Really?" Bonnie raised her eyebrows. "You noticed that?"
"Yeah," Collin replied, then paused, sensing something was off. He whispered to Bonnie, "But Ms. Bonnie, do you think he looks like someone familiar to you? Who do you think he looks like? Mr. Ivor?" "Yes," Bonnie replied calmly, her gaze briefly landing on Ivor again before flitting away. "They have a similar build."
As soon as she said this, Collin quickly disagreed. "Ms. Bonnie! You must be joking. Someone as dignified and upright as Mr. Ivor is miles apart from that man. He just talks a big game and is constantly wary of us!"
Bonnie's eyebrows arched even higher. "I didn't expect you to think so highly of Ivor."
"Of course! With your discerning eye, anyone you fancy must be the best," Collin said confidently.
Bonnie let out a small laugh. She didn't refute Collin's words; she also believed the man she married was the best. While the Dark Knight Organization leader had some skills, he was nowhere near her man's level.
Yasmine watched the scene unfold and asked curiously, "Boss, why are you looking at my savior like that? Do you like him?"
She frowned and quickly added, "No way! You can't like my savior! My savior is mine, and you can't have those thoughts about him." Ivor's temple throbbed, and he gave Yasmine a look as if she were a fool. "I don't have such inclinations, so stop imagining things." "Good," Yasmine sighed in relief and muttered, "If you tried to take him from me, I wouldn't stand a chance."
After a moment of silence, he turned his gaze from Yasmine to Bonnie. "I'm about to demonstrate the secret weapon. Are you ready? I'll only show it once, so there won't be a second chance if you miss it."
###Chapter 1146
Bonnie asked after hearing Ivor emphasize the point again, "Can you explain the reason?"
"It's simple," Ivor replied, moving his slender fingers to pull the trigger. "This secret weapon has high consumption. The anesthetic mode and the micro-bomb mode can only be used once. After that, they're done.
"So, this weapon should only be used in critical moments to save your life. Don't rely on it for anything else."
Bonnie nodded in understanding. "Got it. So that's the drawback of your secret weapon. Due to their constraints, the anesthetic and micro-bomb functionalities are limited to one use only."
"Correct." Ivor didn't deny it. "We've tried to increase the number of uses for these modes, but all attempts have failed."
Bonnie took out the handgun Ivor had given her earlier and started examining its structure. As she felt around, she suddenly smiled with interest.
"Go ahead and demonstrate. Later, I'll tell you about the problems with your secret weapon."
Ivor's eyes flickered with surprise as he looked at Bonnie. "You've only looked at it for a moment and spotted an issue?"
"Yes." Bonnie nodded calmly. "I've tackled similar problems before, so it's easier to see."
Ivor was momentarily speechless. His organization had spent a long time trying to solve these issues without success, yet Bonnie had spotted the problem immediately.
'His extraordinary ability and casual way of mentioning it...'
Before he could fully process this, Yasmine said what he hadn't yet articulated. "You're talking about this so casually. It's almost like you're showing off! You have no idea how much trouble my boss has had trying to fix these issues. Until now, he hasn't been able to solve them, and you just saw it right away-"
Ivor coughed a few times to interrupt Yasmine.
Yasmine did not understand and innocently asked, "Boss, why are you suddenly coughing? Is your throat uncomfortable?"
Yasmine missed the point, but Collin understood. He laughed helplessly when he realized this.
He tried to hold it in, but he couldn't. Hearing this laughter, Yasmine frowned and looked over at Collin. "What are you laughing at?"
She strongly felt Collin was laughing at her, but she hadn't done anything. 'What is so funny? Is he just trying to mock me?'
"I just thought of something amusing and couldn't help it." Collin turned his head to the side, his shoulders shaking with laughter.
"Ridiculous," Yasmine muttered while rolling her eyes. She turned back, only to see Ivor's darkened face.
Upon seeing this, she grumbled, "Boss, you really are sick. Not only are you coughing, but your face looks so bad."
However, her "concerned" words only made Ivor's face darker. Yasmine scratched her head in confusion upon seeing this.
"Why do I feel like everyone is acting so weird today?"
###Chapter 1147
Seeing Yasmine's confusion, Floyd gave her numerous hints with his eyes. When she still didn't get it, he finally reached out and pulled her aside.
"Ms. Yasmine, stop talking."
Seeing Ivor's darkened face, Floyd worried that Ivor might lose control and kick her out if Yasmine kept talking.
"Why shouldn't I talk?" Yasmine frowned deeply.
"Ugh!" Floyd sighed heavily, his tone filled with exasperation. "You know how difficult it was for us to develop the weapon. Now, the fact that Mr. Boyd spotted the flaw instantly is bad enough, but you're announcing it in front of everyone? Don't you think Mr. Ivor cares about his pride?"
Yasmine's eyes widened slightly, suddenly understanding why Ivor's face was so dark and why Collin had burst out laughing. Everything became clear from what Floyd had said...
'Oh my God, I had embarrassed my boss. What a stupid, foolish thing I had done!'
Yasmine smacked her forehead, wishing she could find a hole to crawl into. She didn't even dare to look in Ivor's direction now, afraid of meeting his murderous gaze.
Upon seeing Yasmine's reaction, Floyd knew she had understood his point. He stepped back, thinking how hard he worked to maintain the friendly relationship between Ivor and Yasmine. The team would fall apart sooner or later if he weren't around.
Bonnie watched their interactions with interest, and a slight smile played on her lips. 'This group has a lively dynamic and a good atmosphere.'
She turned her gaze to Ivor and asked with a severe, serious expression. "One more time, can you show it now?"
Meeting Bonnie's half-smiling gaze, Ivor felt a sudden tightness in his chest. With Yasmine's low emotional intelligence, he was sure she would drive him to an early grave.
Taking a deep breath to suppress the frustration, he finally said, "Yes, I can."
He then swiftly demonstrated the three functions hidden within the secret weapon. When he showcased the micro-bomb function, the entire wall shattered and caused the hotel to shake.
The power was indeed extraordinary. If used in a structurally weak location, the entire place could collapse.
Bonnie watched from the side and gave Ivor an appreciative look. "What you've developed is quite impressive. The power is greater than I expected, but it could be even better with some modifications."
Ivor was still skeptical about Bonnie's ability to spot the flaws in their secret weapon instantly. "Are you sure you can fix the issues with our secret weapon?"
Bonnie lifted her chin, her eyes glinting with pride and confidence, making it hard not to believe her. "Yes, I can not only solve the issues with your secret weapon but also maximize its effectiveness without any other drawbacks."
###Chapter 1148
"Really?"
Ivor still found it hard to believe. This issue had troubled them for a very long time. He had consulted numerous experts, but the problem remained unresolved. Yet, the leader of the Nidhogg Organization claimed not only to fix the flaws in their secret weapon but also to maximize its effectiveness. It seemed unbelievable.
However, he did acknowledge that research was not their strong suit.
Bonnie frowned after hearing this skepticism. She had great confidence in her abilities. The fact that the leader of the Dark Knight Organization dared to doubt her was irritating.
"Don't believe me? Hand over your gun."
Ivor passed his gun to her. "Here you go."
He was curious to see how the leader of the Nidhogg Organization would solve the issue that had plagued him for so long.
Bonnie took the gun and reassembled its internal components within a few swift movements. Her actions were quick and deft. She completed the task almost before anyone could react. "Wow, that's amazing! My savior is incredible!"
Yasmine covered her mouth, restraining her urge to scream and looking at Bonnie excitedly. Her fan-girl behavior was almost too embarrassing to watch.
While Ivor was equally astonished by Bonnie's skill, seeing Yasmine's awestruck expression was somewhat mortifying.
"Enough, calm down," Ivor said.
Yasmine turned to Ivor. "Boss, don't you think my savior is amazing?"
Ivor was about to respond but stopped short, watching Bonnie work intently. He had to admit the leader of the Nidhogg Organization was indeed formidable. Exceptional combat skills, medical expertise, and now proficiency in research...
Initially, Ivor had been biased against Bonnie. She seemed arrogant, as if she looked down on everyone. But he realized she had every reason to be proud after witnessing her capabilities. Strong individuals admire strength. Ivor's initial prejudice shifted to admiration as he observed Bonnie's various talents.
After seeing Ivor's silence, Yasmine pouted, "Fine, I'll just appreciate him on my own."
Unable to find words, Ivor remained silent and watched Bonnie reassemble the gun.
A few seconds later, Bonnie finished reassembling the gun and demonstrated it as Ivor had done earlier. Initially, the tranquilizer and micro-bomb functions could only be used once. But they could be used again after her modifications.
Ivor's pupils slightly contracted, his eyes filled with disbelief.
###Chapter 1149
"How did you do it?"
"It's simple. Just change the installation principle a bit." Bonnie gave him a brief explanation of the essential points. "Of course, I've only made a quick modification for you to see the effect. More detailed improvements are needed to achieve what I mentioned earlier."
"The fact that you could modify it like this is already impressive." Ivor was sincerely impressed by Bonnie's capabilities. "After this situation is resolved, I'd like to formally invite you to our organization to help modify our secret weapon. You can name your price and conditions, and I'll try to meet them."
His eyes were full of sincerity, showing his genuine intention to invite Bonnie to their organization.
Floyd observed this exchange, feeling a sense of admiration. His boss and Mr. Boyd were top-tier experts in their fields and were naturally competitive. But now, their boss was won over by the sheer skill of the Nidhogg leader. It was truly remarkable.
"Since you're willing to give me your organization's secret weapon, I'll consider your proposal. But only when I have the time. Otherwise, it's not on my priority list," Bonnie said. She thought that once she finished these tasks, her top priority would be to return to find Ivor, and all secondary matters would have to wait.
Ivor nodded. "No problem. Thank you in advance."
"You're welcome." Bonnie waved dismissively, tossing the gun back to Ivor, and yawned lazily. "Is everything demonstrated now? If so, you can leave. I need to get some sleep."
"It's all demonstrated." Ivor's attitude towards Bonnie had noticeably softened. "I'll take them back now."
As they were leaving, Yasmine clung to Bonnie's arm reluctantly. "My savior, can't you consider taking me with you?"
Bonnie gently pulled her arm free. "No. Taking two people is too risky. I'll go alone."
Seeing Bonnie's determination, Yasmine sniffled. "Okay then. When you enter Billy's organization, please be careful and not get hurt. I'd be sad if you did."
"
Yasmine clung tightly to Bonnie's arm, her eyes full of concern. Her genuine care moved Bonnie, and she patted her head reassuringly. "Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to me." Yasmine's eyes widened with joy when she felt Bonnie's touch on her head, "My savior, you touched me? You touched me?"
Her words were so misleading that Bonnie's mouth twitched. She quickly withdrew her hand. "Don't get the wrong idea. I just wanted to comfort you and thank you for worrying about me. That's all." After doing it, she also felt it was inappropriate. She had already noticed Yasmine's growing feelings for her, something Collin had also pointed out. In such a situation, patting her head could send the wrong signal.
Seeing Yasmine's pitiful expression, Bonnie didn't know why she acted impulsively. In hindsight, she should have restrained herself.
She thought Yasmine might be upset by her clarification. Instead, Yasmine remained overjoyed and clung to Bonnie's arm again, rubbing her shoulder affectionately. "My savior, your comfort makes me so happy! Even though you're the one facing danger, you're still comforting me. You're so kind!"
###Chapter 1150
Bonnie was speechless as she didn't know what to say when someone misinterpreted her intentions so drastically.
Ivor's expression turned serious as he addressed Yasmine, "I don't want to repeat myself so many times. Come over here."
Though his tone was calm, the seriousness in his voice made Yasmine feel intimidated. She whispered to Bonnie, "Um, my boss is about to get mad. I need to go to him for now."
She said "for now," implying that she still intended to return to her savior as soon as possible.
Understanding the implication, Bonnie's mouth twitched slightly. She waved and said, "Alright, you all go back. I need to rest."
"Huh?" Yasmine's face immediately fell. "Why are you sending us back so soon?"
Bonnie rubbed her temples and explained, "Tomorrow, I must go deep into Billy's organization. I need adequate rest and preparation. It's getting late, and if this continues, I won't have enough time."
She finally understood why Ivor always looked so exasperated when dealing with Yasmine. Sometimes, she found herself at a loss with Yasmine as well.
She couldn't bring herself to scold Yasmine because of her sweet face. But not scolding her? Yasmine would pout and act cute non-stop... It was really tough.
Yasmine thought it over. "Okay, rest well and prepare to infiltrate Billy's organization tomorrow."
She held Bonnie's hand and spoke earnestly, "Savior, you must be careful. I'll be waiting here for your safe return."
Bonnie initially wanted to pull her hand away but stopped and nodded when she felt Yasmine's genuine concern. "Yes, like I said before, I won't let anything happen to me."
"Good." Yasmine nodded vigorously, reluctantly letting go of Bonnie's hand. "Savior, I'm leaving now. I'm really leaving."
She turned back every few steps, her eyes brimming with reluctance. "Savior, aren't you going to hug me before I leave?"
Ivor looked at Yasmine with a warning gaze after hearing this. "Yasmine, do you know what you're saying?"
Yasmine pouted while addressing Ivor but never took her eyes off Bonnie. "Boss, I won't see my savior for a long time. Can't you just let me express my feelings of reluctance?" Ivor took a deep breath and emphasized his point. "Don't forget, you're a girl."
No sense of restraint, no concept of modesty! He kept to himself in the last two sentences, sparing Yasmine's feelings a bit.
Oblivious to his intentions, Yasmine retorted, "So what if I'm a girl? Can't a girl express her thoughts?"
Ivor's temples throbbed. Bonnie interrupted just as he was about to speak. "Alright, both of you, stop arguing."
She walked over to Yasmine and gave her a gentle hug.
###Chapter 1151
I
Bonnie hugged Yasmine for a second and stepped back, saying, "Go home. We'll meet again after I get the chip back."
The latter's eyes reddened as she stared at Bonnie. "I want to help you, but it's a shame my leg is injured. I feel awful and powerless to aid you."
The more Yasmine thought about it, the more distressed she felt. She even cried. However, it gave Bonnie a headache. She would have lost her patience and stopped talking to Yasmine under normal circumstances, but she knew Yasmine was genuinely concerned for her safety.
Bonnie could only comfort Yasmine, "I'm not just leaving you, but my men, too. I've wanted to do this alone for a while now. Your injury doesn't matter since I won't let you follow me anyway. Stop beating yourself up."
Yasmine could barely stop crying even after Bonnie comforted her. The former wiped her tears and said, "Please be careful and promise to return safely."
"All right, I will." Bonnie nodded assuringly.
Regardless of Yasmine's reluctance, she eventually left with Ivor and the gang. However, Ivor patted "Bonnie's" shoulder before he left, saying, "Stay safe."
"I will," she responded smilingly.
Soon after, only Bonnie and Collin remained in the basement. The latter could not help but giggle when he thought about how Yasmine regarded Bonnie. "You have such charisma, chief. Even though I'm a man, I'm starting to get jealous. You have luck with the ladies."
She glanced sidelong at him and asked, "Do you want some of my luck?"
Collin faked a helpless sigh. "I would've responded more passionately if someone treated me the way Yasmine treats you. However, I don't have someone like that in my life."
Bonnie knew he was pretending. She rolled her eyes and said, "That's enough of that. I need to discuss the rest of my arrangements with you."
Collin's expression turned solemn. "You got it, Chief."
She walked ahead and briefly explained her needs. Afterward, he nodded and said, "Loud and clear. You can trust me to prepare everything." "Perfect," she responded faintly.
Although Collin had always portrayed himself as immature and unreliable, he knew the magnitude of serious situations. That was why Bonnie felt confident to entrust him with such tasks. The following day, Bonnie disguised herself as another person and packed her things before leaving to where Billy's organization recruited technicians.
Although Yasmine was still injured, she marched ahead and peered at Bonnie's hotel room. "Will you pick up your pace, boss? What'll I do if my savior leaves before I get to see him?"
###Chapter 1152
Ivor frowned and said coldly, "I thought you said your farewells yesterday. Why do you need to do it again?"
"That was different! Today is when my savior will enter the belly of the beast. Why would you think it's the same thing?" Yasmine would only feel at ease if she saw Bonnie off. Otherwise, the former would be worried all day.
Ivor glanced at Yasmine indifferently. "You're so enthusiastic that you forgot to consider if your 'savior' wants you to do this."
Yasmine gulped and grumbled, "I can wish him good luck if I see him today."
Ivor had no comebacks for that. He thought, 'She's just yapping at this point.'
At that moment, Bonnie came out and was surprised to see Yasmine, Ivor, and Floyd in the hallway. Bonnie knew how clingy Yasmine was. If the former stopped to greet them, she would waste precious time. Bonnie had no intention of letting anything interrupt her, so she did not greet them. Instead, she pulled down her hat and brushed past them.
The trio did not notice her walking past them. When they reached her room, Yasmine knocked on the door incessantly.
Knock, knock, knock!
No one responded even after she knocked several times. She knocked harder and shouted, "Hello?! Are you in there?!" Her heart dropped as she stared at the closed door. "Did he leave already? It's a shame I didn't get to see him off." Ivor felt helpless, saying, "You're making it seem like he's never coming back. You'll see him again once he returns."
"No, it's different." Yasmine felt disheartened that she could not see her savior off. She was about to say something when Collin opened the door.
He was stunned when he saw the trio standing at the door. "I thought you guys said your goodbyes yesterday. What are you doing here?"
Collin sounded pretty unfriendly, but Ivor did not get mad. Instead, he calmly said, "Yasmine wanted to come here. You can ask her why yourself." Collin felt speechless when he saw Yasmine.
'This girl's obsessed with my boss. I wonder how she'll react once she learns my boss is a woman.'
Yasmine looked at Collin and hastily asked, "Where's Mr. Boyd? Did he leave?"
"Yeah, he left." Collin nodded. "He just left not even five minutes ago. Didn't you see him in the corridor?"
"No, we didn't." Yasmine tried remembering the people she saw on her way here but could not recall anything. "Mr. Boyd is such a handsome man who will attract attention anywhere he goes. Why didn't I notice him if he walked by me?"
"Oh, right!" Collin facepalmed himself.
Yasmine hastily asked, "What is it?! Spill it!"
"You didn't recognize my boss because he disguised himself as someone else. He even changed his bone structure with makeup."
Yasmine gasped. "I didn't know Mr. Boyd could even change his bone structure."
'Now that I think about it, Mr. Boyd has demonstrated his impressive skills countless times since we met. He's handy in a fight, has extensive knowledge about medicine, and is adept with firearms. 'Those skills are impressive enough, but this latest information about his disguise must be the most surprising.'
###Chapter 1153
'Mr. Boyd even knows how to disguise himself well. Just how inhumanly capable is he? I wonder if there's anything he can't do.'
Collin raised his chin and said proudly, "It's child's play for Mr. Boyd. He does it all the time."
Yasmine gave him a thumbs up and said, "He's awesome and can do anything!"
"You can say that again!" Collin swelled with pride. "I think he's awesome, too."
Ivor was surprised to hear Collin's high praises for Bonnie. The former thought Boyd had already shown all his skills and never expected him to change his bone structure. Ivor felt like he did not know Boyd at all.
'As expected. The most capable people won't show their cards unless it's necessary. Boyd reminds me of Bonnie since she's also multi-talented. I can always count on her to surprise me.
'I'll finally see my wife again once Boyd returns from Billy's organization with the chip. It's been such a long time since I've seen Bonnie. No one knows how much I miss her.' With that in mind, Ivor sighed. Yasmine heard it and could not help but ask, "What's wrong, boss?"
Her voice snapped Ivor out of his melancholy thoughts. He replied, "It's nothing. Since Mr. Boyd has left, let's return to our place and prepare for the mission."
"Got it, boss." Yasmine felt a little demotivated because she did not get to see her savior.
Meanwhile, Collin watched as the trio left. Then, he remembered something and took off after them. He told Ivor, "Mr. Boyd wants you to follow our lead when preparing for the mission. Let's swap numbers to make it easier to keep in touch."
"Sure thing," Ivor agreed before leaving with the other two.
Bonnie reached her destination and went to the concierge to tell them about her reason for visiting. The staff member then brought her to the conference room on the top floor. Since the door was shut tight, the staff member had to knock.
Knock, knock, knock!
Immediately after, a voice from inside echoed, "Who is it?"
The staff member responded respectfully, "There's a man here who says he's here for the interview, Mr. Billy."
Someone from inside the conference opened the door. "So, you're here for the technician job, huh? This way, please."
Bonnie nodded and followed the man into the conference room. They walked around the table and stopped before Billy. He looked up and locked gazes with "Bonnie."
At that moment, a hint of coldness flashed in Billy's eyes.
###Chapter 1154
Bonnie looked at Billy and calmly said, "Excuse me, my name's Barret. Is this the interview for the technician job?"
Billy was amazed by "his" confidence and guts. Typically, his menacing expression would scare people. Most would even look away and back out of the interview. Not only did Bonnie not flinch, but she also spoke boldly.
With that, Billy thought Barrett was no ordinary man. The former stopped glaring at Bonnie and adopted a more friendly attitude, saying, "That's right! This is where you interview for the job."
He gestured for her to look at the computers and continued, "My organization's advanced technicians have prepared tests for the interviewees on these computers. You may start from the computer on the left and work your way to the end on the right.
"The tests will become harder as you progress. Complete them and find the pattern from there. That'll give you an idea of how you'll solve the final test. You'll pass the interview if you complete the tests." Bonnie rubbed her chin and nodded. "So, all I have to do is complete the test on the last computer, and I'll get the job?"
Billy nodded. "That's correct. The tests on the last computer are challenging, but you can familiarize yourself with its patterns with the previous computers. That should help you complete the final tests. "That is if you're smart enough. No amount of tips will help if you're not intelligent enough to solve them."
"Understood," Bonnie said before approaching the last computer. She sat down and said, "I don't need to familiarize myself with patterns. Is it okay if I just complete the tests on this computer to save time?" Billy's technicians were in an uproar when they heard that.
"Didn't you hear what Mr. Billy said? The tests on the last computer are the hardest! You can't crack them if you don't familiarize yourself with the other computers' provided patterns!"
"Yeah, Mr. Billy has given you enough hints. Why don't you understand them? You'll only have yourself to blame if you fail!"
"We're the most advanced technicians in the organization, and we crafted these tests, yet you're trying to skip the earlier ones. Don't you think that's disrespectful?"
"There's always someone better than you, young man! You're still young. It'll be wise not to be prideful!"
The technicians highly disapproved of Bonnie's actions.
Even Billy agreed with them. He squinted disdainfully at Bonnie, saying, "I admire your boldness, Barrett, but I like humbleness instead of pridefulness. Are you sure you want to forgo the previous tests? You only have one shot at this. Don't say I didn't warn you."
Bonnie grinned and said, "I've always been humble, but I came prepared. I wouldn't have skipped the other tests if I wasn't confident in myself. Also, I wouldn't have come for this interview if I wasn't capable enough.
"I don't see why I should just pretend to struggle. That would be dishonest, wouldn't it?"
"Well, I-"
The technicians exchanged glances. Just like that, Bonnie had convinced them. Meanwhile, Billy glanced at her distrustfully.
"Indeed, there are more capable technicians than mine out there. However, my technicians aren't as incompetent as you imagine. They wouldn't be advanced techs if they didn't have what it took. "You're young, so might not outsmart them so easily. You're being hasty because you're inexperienced and don't know how the world works. That's why you're arrogant!"
###Chapter 1155
'Arrogant and inexperienced, huh? That's refreshing. It's not often people call me those things.'
Bonnie raised her brows, looking slightly mischievous. "I have nothing to say if that's what you think of me."
Billy thought she was about to give up on the interview. He wanted to tell someone to escort her out of the conference room when she added, "If that's the case, I guess I'll have to let my actions speak for me." She turned on the screen and asked, "I only need to complete this test to get the job, right? Do I have a time limit?"
'Someone as young as this Barrett guy can't possibly solve my advanced technicians' tests. If he won't take my advice, I might as well let him challenge himself. I don't need to argue. He'll bow to my technicians when he fails the test.'
"There is no time limit. You'll get the job if you pass the test," Billy said before watching "Bonnie" work.
The technicians chattered amongst themselves.
"Do you believe this brat thinks he's better than us? He's bold enough to talk trash when he's still wet behind the ears. How absurd!"
"You're right. I can already imagine how stupid he'll look when he sees the test."
"He's young and inexperienced. Do you guys think he'll cry when he fails the test?"
"Hahaha! It'll be fun to see him cry like a baby!"
The technicians joined in the laughter and looked at Bonnie mockingly. Meanwhile, Billy heard their exchange and chuckled as he glanced sideways at Bonnie.
He thought she would be embarrassed after hearing the chatter. To his surprise, she was unfazed as she typed away at frightening speed. Bonnie's fingers moved so fast that they were almost a blur. Billy realized she was not in a panic. On the contrary, she was confident and graceful.
'Is this young man a hidden gem?'
With that in mind, Billy's expression turned solemn. He continued to watch, not wanting to blink.
'It'll be perfect if he turns out to be an incredible tech expert. He's what I need in my organization. That said, he's young and looks nothing like an expert. I hope he's a dark horse and not pretending to be something he's not.'
###Chapter 1156
The technicians noticed their boss's expression and turned to look at Bonnie's fingers. They noticed how fast she was typing.
One of them grumbled, "Mr. Billy, can't you tell this brat is just pretending? We have decades of experience under our belts. Not even we can solve the tests this quickly. This Barrett guy is too young, yet he's taking the test so quickly. I think he's just typing random things."
"Yeah, the previous interviewees were pulling their hair and hesitantly typing away. They couldn't even complete the tests, but this Barrett guy is typing away?"
"He's probably worried we'll mock him and is trying his best to preserve his pride. He's trying to buy himself some time and making it look like he knows what he's doing."
Billy previously thought Bonnie was an expert when he saw how proficient she was. However, his anticipation dropped once he heard his technicians' analysis.
'They have a point. Barrett appears reckless compared to the previous interviewees. My expectations for him were too high, and all I'll get in return is disappointment.'
With that in mind, Billy grew immensely disappointed and lost interest in watching Bonnie work. After all, it would not change the fact that she was not the tech expert he had hoped for.
Suddenly, Bonnie said, "There, I completed the test. Please check it and see if I passed your little test."
'It's only been five minutes. How did he complete the tests my techs spent days crafting? That's impossible!'
The technicians were just as stunned. Then, one of them laughed scornfully, "Hahaha! Did you even understand the test? Are you sure you did it correctly, or are you just pulling our legs?" "Just leave, kid. We'll save you the embarrassment and skip checking your answers."
"It's no big deal if you couldn't solve our tests. After all, many before you have tried and failed. You were wrong to pretend to understand the tests when you didn't."
"Get lost, brat! You're wasting our time when we can be testing the next interviewee."
They were confident Bonnie could not solve their tests.
She grinned but did not bother explaining herself. Then, she tapped on the monitor and turned the screen to them. "You'll want to look at my work first before speaking any further."
The technicians did not think much of what Bonnie said. Even so, they looked at the monitor to see how miserably she did on the test. Suddenly, they were shocked when they realized she had solved all ten equations flawlessly.
Many even suspected they were hallucinating. They rubbed their eyes and checked the equations countless times.
"H-How is this guy so good?! Did he solve every equation?! We spent days preparing these tests!"
"I-I can't believe he's this capable. We were wrong for judging a book by its cover. We shouldn't have underestimated him just because he's young."
###Chapter 1157
"He's nothing short of incredible, Mr. Billy! I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it for myself. This guy solved the hardest test we could devise!"
Billy shot up from his seat and walked past his technicians. He stood before Bonnie and looked at the monitor. He turned his attention to her and asked excitedly, "H-How'd you do it?!"
As far as Billy was concerned, these tests were exceptionally hard. Not only did Bonnie solve them, but she did so in five short minutes. Billy thought she was an unparalleled genius in this regard.
Initially, Bonnie did not want to say much about it. However, she was there to get the job in Billy's organization, so she had to sell herself a little. Only then could she infiltrate his organization and get the chip. Bonnie said, "These tests are some of the most basic things a tech should know."
She even told them about her take on the tests and how she solved the equations. Since Billy knew a thing or two, his eyes sparkled when he heard how easy she made it sound.
"That's great, Barrett! I apologize if we offended you earlier," he said approvingly before gesturing for her to sit beside him, "Have a seat. We have much to discuss." He was much friendlier to her now, starkly contrasting how he had previously treated her.
'I've been looking for an expert for a long time. Finally, I met one. Barrett is the answer to my prayers to crack the billion-dollar chip. Of course, I'm excited!'
Bonnie did not hesitate to sit down. Billy smiled at her and was about to join her when he noticed his technicians were still in shock. He frowned and said, "What are you still doing here? Someone serve Barrett some tea! I wonder if you've learned anything from me."
The technicians returned to their senses and went to make some fine tea. Some even huddled around Bonnie to massage her shoulders.
"Good work, Barrett. Here, let me give you a massage while you sit back and relax."
"Don't worry. We've massaged Mr. Billy's shoulders countless times. We know what we're doing."
"I'm the best when it comes to massages. Let me do it, Barrett."
Everyone frantically offered to massage her. However, they stopped when they saw her cold glare. "That won't be necessary. I don't like people touching me."
###Chapter 1158
The technicians huddling around Bonnie felt her imposing demeanor. They wondered how a genius like her could emulate such an overwhelming sense of authority. They even thought her aura was well above Billy's.
The technicians turned and glanced at Billy. His expression was inexplicable as he took the teapot and poured her a cup of tea. "You possess an extraordinary elegance, Barrett. Who did you learn from?" The technicians followed suit in probing.
"Yeah, we're all curious! Your mentor must be incredible to have someone as awesome as you as their student."
"Please tell us about yourself, Barrett. Don't leave us hanging."
Meanwhile, Bonnie knew why Billy posed this question.
'He just wants to know who my mentor is and who I really am. He must also want to contact my mentor to recruit him to further his goals. I must hand it to Billy for being wise. Unfortunately for him, he's dealing with me. Why should I let him get his way?'
Bonnie sipped her tea and responded with a made-up story, "I don't have a mentor. I taught myself everything I know about computer science."
Everyone was wide-eyed with surprise when they heard that.
"Wait, you're saying you mastered computers yourself?!" Billy was in disbelief.
'I spent a ton on my technicians. They even need to further their studies and attend yearly seminars. Still, they're not nearly as good as Barrett!'
Bonnie shrugged and said calmly, "I wouldn't say I mastered computers. These things just come to me naturally."
'It's no big deal for him?! My technicians spent days crafting these tests. How can he say such a thing? I wonder how my technicians feel hearing that. Even so, Barrett has earned the right to brag since he completed the hardest tests they could devise, not to mention he did it in five minutes. Frankly, I'm still in disbelief.'
Billy had regarded Bonnie with disdain and contempt when they first met. However, he gradually admired her. After all, she was the only one among the many interviewees who showed him hope. Finally, Billy had found someone capable of cracking the chip. Once Bonnie did it, his organization would garner more power and influence worldwide.
'The chip's functions are more than enough to elevate my organization to be the most prestigious international organization!'
###Chapter 1159
Once Billy's organization hacked the chip, he would recruit talented people and use them. That included organizations like the world-renowned Dark Knights and Nidhoggs.
'It's exhilarating to think how these capable people would work for me and answer all my wishes. Barrett shows me it's within my grasp! He's a tech expert, and I won't stop at making him crack the chip. I'll make him one of mine!'
The more he thought about it, the more excited he became. It was as if his bright future was right before his eyes. He lit up as he looked at Bonnie joyfully. Even his tone was tender, "Congratulations for passing the interview, Barrett. I'll arrange for you to stay at the hotel for now. I'll have my men inform you when I need your service."
Bonnie frowned when she realized he mentioned nothing about the chip. However, she quickly composed herself and nodded. "You got it."
Considering her current position, it would be ill-advised if she asked too many questions. She knew she should follow his lead for now. Only by being submissive would she find her chance to get the chip. 'As far as I can tell, Billy is extremely cautious. He'd never let me near the chip this easily.'
Meanwhile, Billy was satisfied with her obedience. "Okay, that settles it. I'll have my men send you to the hotel soon. Of course, I won't restrict you from your freedom. You may go wherever you want and do whatever you like. Still, you'll have to show up when I need you, okay?"
Bonnie nodded. "Of course, I'll do what you expect of me. After all, I wanted the job because I needed the money. I didn't come here for fun."
Billy was delighted to know that. His admiration for her intensified as he said, "I love dealing with smart men. You immediately understood me, and I didn't need to exhaust myself with explaining things. I don't mind that you're just in it for the money. My organization has more than enough.
"I'll treat you right if you complete every task I have for you. I might even reward you with bonuses, depending on how you work. You'll still have to prove you're worthy of them."
Bonnie nodded, saying, "I'll do my best."
"Perfect." Billy liked her so much that he could not stop grinning. He glanced at his henchmen and said, "Barrett must be exhausted after the test. Show him to his room. We don't want to wear him down, do we?"
His henchmen hastily responded, "Right away, Mr. Billy!"
They glanced at Bonnie and politely gestured. "This way, please, Barrett."
The henchmen treated her with respect and flattery as if they feared offending her. After all, anyone could see just how much Billy liked her. If they crossed her, they would offend their boss, too. That was why everyone did everything they could to make Bonnie feel happy and satisfied.
"Okay." Bonnie stood up and nodded at Billy. "I'll take a break in my room then. Just tell your men to notify me if you need me for anything, Mr. Billy."
###Chapter 1160
"Take a well-deserved break, Barrett. I won't let anyone disturb you today unless there's an emergency," Billy spoke with kindness, devoid of the usual menace an organization leader should have. That said, Bonnie was a leader of an organization, too. She knew Billy and his henchmen were not as easygoing as they appeared. They deliberately made her feel welcome because they wanted her to drop her guard.
Bonnie knew Billy was vigilant the moment she entered the conference room. The fact that he was sending her to the room proved her speculation.
'If my guess is correct, the room Billy arranged for me has hidden cameras. He'll monitor everything I do and determine if there's anything fishy about me. Also, the test he gave me was just the first of many before I could join his organization.
Bonnie knew Billy would only let her see the chip once she passed every test he had. It seemed he was more cautious than she had thought. Even so, she had prepared for these things and would not let them affect her plans.
'I'll deal with everything he has to throw at me. Nothing can bring me down if I put my mind to it.'
Meanwhile, Billy watched as Bonnie left the conference room with his henchmen. Immediately after, he no longer looked friendly. Instead, he looked menacing as he asked his other henchmen, "Do you think there's something off with Barrett?"
Although Bonnie was incredibly talented and capable, he had to ensure she was clean before using her skills. Otherwise, he would have welcomed a formidable enemy into his organization, which could threaten them.
The henchman closest to Billy was stunned. He whispered, "He looks okay to me. I think he's clean."
The others agreed, "We've been monitoring him since he started the tests. I saw nothing out of the ordinary."
"He might've been a little cocky, but he had every right to be. We wouldn't have praised him if he didn't. Maybe he genuinely is in it for the money."
"I think so, too. After all, we offered a 7.3 million dollar reward on the dark web to whoever can hack the chip. Anyone would jump on the opportunity."
Billy thought their reasons were sound. Still, he reserved his judgment. "I told you guys to install hidden cameras in that room, right? Did you run tests to ensure they work?"
He had ordered his men to prepare that room for any interviewee who passed the tests, whether or not it was Barrett. Moreover, would bring her to where he hid the chip only when she passed the second test. 'Anyone would want to recruit someone as talented as Barrett, but it's a double-edged sword to hire someone with such capabilities at critical moments like these. It'll be disastrous for my organization if I slip up. That's why I must be extra careful.'
One of the henchmen responded, "We've tested all the cameras to ensure they're functioning as intended, Mr. Billy."
"Did you hide them well enough, Francesco? Do you think he might spot them?" If it were anyone else, Billy would not have bothered asking something like that.
###Chapter 1161
'Since I trained my men, I'm confident they did an excellent job with the surveillance cameras. That said, Barrett is an intelligent man. It's scary how smart he is. It pays to confirm the cameras are working and not easily detected.'
"You can trust me, Mr. Billy. I hid the cameras where no one would expect to find them. Not even someone like Barrett can find them."
Billy felt better after hearing that. He said, "Okay, get back to work, everyone. I'm heading to the security room."
Under normal circumstances, people felt most relaxed after entering a room and locking the door. One would only start looking for traps and such after a while. Since that was the case, Billy wanted to see if there was anything suspicious about Barrett once the latter dropped his guard.
If Billy thought something was fishy, he would tell his men to take care of Barrett immediately, regardless if the latter was immensely talented. Moreover, Billy would continue to observe Barrett even if nothing was out of the norm.
'I hope my men were right in saying Barrett is in it for the money. It's not often I meet geniuses like him. The last thing I want is for him to be a spy.'
"Understood, Mr. Billy," the henchmen responded in unison and filed out of the conference room.
Meanwhile, Bonnie found all the cameras the moment she entered the room. She had to admit they hid the cameras well. Fortunately, she had sharper senses than most and could see everything, even if they tried to hide them.
Even so, she did not deal with the cameras. Instead, she rested on the bed and checked her phone. She knew Billy was watching her in a security room somewhere. She would be in trouble if she did something to the cameras now.
All Bonnie needed to do now was make Billy drop his guard. Then, she would adjust the cameras' settings to fool Billy.
Billy frowned as he watched the seemingly casual "Bonnie." He told Francesco, sitting beside him, "Did you notice Barrett looking at us when she entered the room?" The more he spoke, the deeper his frown became.
'Barrett's senses would be too sharp if he immediately detected our cameras after just entering the room. Still, I could've been mistaken. It might've been a coincidence.'
Meanwhile, Francesco did not notice Bonnie looking at the camera. After hearing his boss's question, he stammered guiltily, "I-I saw nothing like that, Mr. Billy. Did you make a mistake?"
Billy did not realize Francesco was fooling him. When the former turned to the screen again, he saw Bonnie lying on the bed and checking her phone.
'Hmm, I must've made a mistake.'
Billy frowned as he stared at the screen. Then, he ordered, "Keep watching him for suspicious behavior. If he does anything weird, pause the footage immediately. We'll replay it and study his movement. We can't afford any slip-ups, got it?!"
###Chapter 1162
Francesco knew the situation's seriousness and dared not take it lightly. He nodded and responded, "Understood, Mr. Billy. I'll keep my eyes on him and watch for any suspicious behavior." "Perfect," Billy said as he returned to the screen to observe "Bonnie."
Meanwhile, Bonnie had predicted their behavior and did not worry about it. She thought, 'If Billy enjoys staring at me through the screen, he can do so to his heart's content. Let's play the waiting game.' She made it look like she was scrolling through her phone absentmindedly but was texting Collin instead. She even put a privacy screen protector on her phone, which was much better than the ones on the market.
If she wanted to hide something, no one could see it. Moreover, she was confident in her inventions. That was why she could freely text Collin, even though she was under strict surveillance. Collin's text read, "How'd the interview go, Chief? Did you pass the tests? Have you seen the chip yet?"
Bonnie felt speechless when she read the text. She rolled her eyes and replied, "Do you think Billy's a fool? He wouldn't let me work on the chip immediately after passing the test. That would be risky for him." Collin responded, "I didn't think he'd be this cautious. Did he say when he'll let you work on it?"
She texted, "Billy hasn't mentioned the chip once since I showed up. He also set up hidden cameras in my room. It'll be a while before he lets me see the chip."
Collin patted his chest and sighed in relief. "Fortunately, I didn't go instead. I would've been careless and s*** everything up."
"Are you admitting you're careless?" Bonnie could not help but smile.
He sent an embarrassed-looking emoji and texted, "I'm not that careless, but I can't compare to you."
She shook her head and replied, "That's enough chit-chat. You better prepare things earlier than the designated time. I'll give you a signal before we start our operation. Don't drop the ball, got it?"
He responded, "Come on, it concerns life and death, Chief. Must you constantly remind me to take it seriously? I hope I don't seem that unreliable to you."
"That's not what I said. It was just a reminder," Bonnie texted back. That was when she sensed something and ended her conversation, "All right, I need to do something now. Don't text me unless it's an emergency."
Collin read her text and stopped replying. He put down his phone and was about to prepare for the deployment when someone knocked on the door. Displeased, he frowned and muttered, "Who the hell is that? They couldn't have come at a worse time. I was about to work on something urgent."
He stood up and went to open the door. He was surprised to see Yasmine, saying, "Mr. Boyd isn't around. Also, why are you still here?"
###Chapter 1163
"I came to see you," Yasmine said as she limped into Collin's room with her crutch.
His lips twitched when he saw her struggling. Immediately after, his eyes widened in disbelief, and he pointed at himself, saying, "Huh? You came to see me? Why?"
Then, he had an idea and covered his chest, looking at her in alarm. "Th-there's something I have to tell you. I don't give myself away to anyone that easily."
Yasmine was speechless. After gathering her thoughts, she said, "What is going on in your head? No wonder Mr. Boyd finds you distasteful."
Collin was upset when he heard that. He retorted, "What made you think that? Stop spouting nonsense!"
Instead of responding, she stared at him to let him figure it out. He pursed his lips and sat down, asking, "What are you doing here, Yasmine? Are you trying to get more information about Mr. Boyd?" "That's right!" she responded enthusiastically, "I'm here to ask you how my savior is doing! You must've contacted him, right?"
He looked at her and realized she was genuinely worried about Bonnie's safety. So, he decided to give her the truth instead of hiding things from her. "Mr. Boyd passed Billy's test and is currently staying in a hotel his organization owns. My boss is safe, so you have nothing to worry about."
Yasmine had been worried sick about "Bonnie." The former could finally relax after hearing reassuring words from Collin.
"I knew it! Mr. Boyd is such a badass that this mission is no challenge to him!" Suddenly, Yasmine thought about something and asked, "Did he say when we should start the operation?"
Collin shook his head, saying, "Nothing about that for now. He said he still has to undergo more tests because Billy is cautious. Mr. Boyd will probably have to pass all the tests before Billy lets him anywhere near the chip."
"There are more tests?" Yasmine frowned. "Doesn't that mean Mr. Boyd is in a dangerous situation? Billy might suspect him if he makes the slightest mistake."
She sounded highly concerned about Bonnie. Collin noticed it and tried to soothe Yasmine, “Even so, Mr. Boyd is as capable as he is meticulous. Since he decided to go in alone, he must have an escape plan "Don't worry about him. He won't put himself in harm's way. Did you forget that he was the one who led you out of the underground market while dealing with waves of enemies? Mr. Boyd is tough." Collin managed to calm Yasmine down. The latter nodded and said solemnly, "Please inform me immediately when Mr. Boyd needs us to start the operation. I want to ensure he returns safely." Collin did not deny Yasmine's request. "You got it. I'll inform your boss when the time is ripe. After all, we need the Dark Knights' participation this time."
###Chapter 1164
"Thanks a bunch," Yasmine responded as she propped herself up with her crutch. She wabbled a little and added, "I'll take my leave then. Remember, I want to know when Mr. Boyd tells us to begin the operation as soon as possible."
"You got it." Collin noticed her limping and said, "You look like you're struggling just to stand. Do you want me to give you a ride home?"
She waved, saying, "Thanks, but that won't be necessary. My driver's waiting for me at the door."
He did not argue. "Stay safe."
"All right, I'll see you around." When Yasmine reached the hotel entrance, someone ran over to open the car door for her. She strained to get in before giving her crutch to the man. "Put this in the car first. Give it to me when I need to get out later."
"Right away, Ms. Yasmine," the man respectfully replied, taking the crutch to the car behind hers.
She had just settled in when a charming voice sounded, "What did Collin say? Did his boss pass Billy's test?"
"Come on, boss! You know how capable my savior is, right? He's multi-talented and can do anything. Of course, he passed the test," Yasmine spoke with pride as if she were the incredible one instead of Bonnie.
Ivor glanced sideways at her, saying, "Please mind how you carry yourself."
"What do you mean, boss?" Yasmine shook her head and said, "You've said that many times. I swear I'm starting to mutter than in my sleep. Would you please stop it?"
"I'll stop saying that when you take it seriously. Do you think I like wasting my breath repeating that?" He looked at her condescendingly. "That's enough of that. I told you to ask Collin several questions. Did you ask him, or were you so concerned about your savior that you forgot?"
"Of course I did!" Yasmine patted her chest confidently. "How could I forget your orders, boss?"
Then, she briefly explained her conversation with Collin. Ivor lowered his gaze as he listened, which hid his emotions. He said, "Since that's the case, it'll be a while before the operation begins. In the meantime, I'll return to Pyralis."
Yasmine could not help but tease him, "Do you miss your wife, boss?"
"What's wrong with that?" Ivor leaned into his seat and thought of Bonnie. After their last video call, he worried about her finding out he lied about coming to Yale. He dared not make another video call for the next few days. Instead, he resorted to audio or text messages.
However, that was not enough to convey how much he missed her. He could not see or touch his wife. It was nothing short of torture, as far as he was concerned.
Ivor had been looking for a chance to return to Pyralis to see Bonnie before returning to Yale for the operation. Finally, he had a window to do that.
'Since Boyd can't get the chip yet, I can't provide any help even if I stayed here. It'll make no difference to Boyd if I return to Pyralis.'
###Chapter 1165
"You've been away from Pyralis too long, boss. I understand why you'd miss your wife," Yasmine analyzed the situation for Ivor, "However, Mr. Boyd is in a dangerous situation. What will we do while you're away during an emergency?"
Ivor could only frown.
Noticing his silence, Yasmine continued, "You've been here for so long because you want to borrow the chip from the Nidhoggs once they get it back. If you leave during this crucial moment, they won't be willing to lend it to us.
"I think you should bear with it for now and stay here. Once we get the chip, you'll have plenty of time to be with your wife."
'I genuinely miss Bonnie, but Yasmine has a point. I just wanted to use this chance to return to Pyralis to visit my wife.'
Ivor sighed, conflicted, as he said, "I guess I'll have to wait and see how things turn out for Mr. Boyd. If the time is right, I'll leave for Pyralis. I guess I can live with that."
Yasmine nodded and thought of something before glancing at Ivor. "I must clarify that I didn't say all that because of my savior. On the contrary, I have our organization's best interests at heart.
"Please don't think I stopped you from visiting your wife because I'm worried about Mr. Boyd. I'm a straightforward thinker, so please don't misunderstand me." Although Yasmine did not attend Ivor's wedding nor meet his wife, she knew how important Bonnie was to him. Hence, Yasmine explained her thoughts to Ivor.
'I've never met Mr. Ivor's wife, but I'd like to leave a good impression on her.'
"Okay," Ivor responded dryly. He sounded so calm that no one could know his feelings.
Yasmine knew he did not want to talk about it anymore, as he felt disheartened about being unable to visit his wife. So, she dared not say anything else and looked out the window silently.
Bonnie used a unique feature on her phone to try hacking into the security systems to alter the camera settings. Simultaneously, Billy was still in the security room watching the motionless "Bonnie" fiddling with her phone.
As he stared at the screen, he subtly felt something was amiss. "Why is Barrett just lying there? Is the camera frozen?"
"Let me check," Francesco said as he typed away at the keyboard. Soon after, he scratched his head and added, "Is the whole system hammed? I can't access the mainframe."
"What?!" Billy's heart sank when he recalled "Bonnie's" mastery of computers. "Do you think Barrett found out about our hidden cameras? Could he have hacked our system?!” He shot up from his seat and ordered, "Take two men to Barrett's room! Now!"
###Chapter 1166
"Right away, Mr. Billy." Francesco knew time was of the essence, so he gathered two men and went to "Bonnie's" room with Billy.
When they arrived, the two henchmen motioned to kick down the door, but Billy hastily stopped them. "What do you think you're doing? Stop that!"
Francesco scratched his head in puzzlement. "I thought we came to catch Barrett. Why'd you stop them?"
"You imbecile!" Billy glared at him, wishing his men were more competent. "I only suspected Barrett of hacking our security cameras and wanted to come and confirm it. I didn't tell you to beat him up, did I? "Barrett is an arrogant young man. What'll you do if you kick down his door and piss him off? Who will help me crack the chip then?"
After getting scolded, Francesco lowered his head and nodded. "I-I understand, Mr. Billy."
"Think for once, man!" Billy glared at him again before knocking on Bonnie's door.
Knock, knock, knock!
If it were anyone else, Billy would have gotten rid of them immediately. However, Bonnie was so talented that he could not help but give her a second chance. After all, he did not want to lose an extraordinary genius like her.
'I won't piss Barrett off unless I have concrete proof that he was tempering with my cameras and security system. He'll be my golden egg unless proven otherwise.'
Meanwhile, a hint of mischief flashed in Bonnie's eyes when she heard the commotion outside. She muttered, "Tsk, that was fast."
Then, she yawned and leisurely got out of bed to open the door. She saw Billy and his henchmen standing outside. "Mr. Billy, I thought you told me to rest because you have nothing for me to do yet. I fell asleep just now, not expecting you to be here so soon."
"Were you sleeping?" Billy frowned.
'Then, why did I see something else in the security room?'
"Yeah, I was." She rubbed her eyes and yawned. She feigned ignorance and asked, "What's wrong, Mr. Billy?"
He looked at her up and down, wondering what was weird about the situation. Bonnie noticed his silence and said his name, "Mr. Billy?"
He composed himself and smiled, saying, "It's nothing important. Francesco had a technical issue he wanted to ask you about."
"Oh, that's it?" She smiled mischievously, knowing Billy would ask about that.
###Chapter 1167
Bonnie asked, "Why'd you come here in person when you could've sent him to ask me about it, Mr. Billy?" "Francesco was too shy and couldn't muster the courage to pose the question to you." Billy lied with a smile.
Bonnie smiled back and played along, "I can relate to that. Sometimes, I'm too shy to ask others for help when encountering issues. I prefer troubleshooting things myself. Of course, I'm happy to help anyone who has questions."
"That's fantastic! I was worried you wouldn't care about helping others. If so, I would've wasted my time coming here." Billy wore a fake smile. "He was in the security room earlier and found out the footage did not match what was happening in real-time.
"What do you think caused it? Is there something wrong with the equipment?" Billy stared at Bonnie as he spoke, trying to catch every emotion she showed.
'If I was right about Barrett discovering the hidden cameras and hacking into my security system, he'll know what my question means. I must read his body language for any guilt or panic.'
If Billy saw either of these emotions, he would know something was up with Bonnie. However, she was perceptive and quickly caught his intentions. She assumed her poker face and said, "It might not be the hardware's fault if there are inconsistencies in the footage."
Billy noticed her calmness and thought, 'Hmm, he looks calm. I see nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe there is something wrong with our security cameras and system, after all.'
With that in mind, he played along and asked, "It's not the hardware, huh? Then, what is it? Francesco and I have been racking our brains but can't fix it."
Bonnie casually responded, "One of your men must've s*** up the system's settings. All you have to do is tune it, and the footage will work as intended again."
Since she was a tech expert, no one questioned her. Even so, Billy stared at her inexplicably before turning to Francesco. "Did you hear that? Someone messed up the settings! Ask him how you can fix it!" Francesco was stunned. After gathering his thoughts, he said, "Right away, Mr. Billy!"
He looked at Bonnie and asked embarrassedly, "Can you show me how to fix it, Barrett?"
She told him how to fix the settings in layman's terms and asked, "Do you understand? I can speak in more detail if you don't."
He nodded. "It's okay. I got it."
Billy heard their brief exchange and whispered to Francesco, "Do you really understand what he said?"
"Of course I do," Francesco replied. He could not help but compliment Bonnie, "I must admit you're excellent with this, Barrett. You make complicated matters easy to understand. Even someone as incompetent as me knows where the issue lies now."
Billy frowned and said, "Go to the security room and fix the settings as he taught you. While you're at it, check if the cameras are messed up."
###Chapter 1168
"Understood, Mr. Billy. I'll go now," Francesco responded. He did not forget to make up a cover story for his boss's appearance. He looked at Bonnie and said, "I've learned more from listening to you than all my years of studying.
"I know what to do now since you gave me some pointers, Barret. I'll go to the security room now to apply what you taught me."
"All right, go ahead and try it out." She nodded. "Feel free to ask for help again if you encounter any more trouble."
"I appreciate it," he expressed his gratitude before returning to the security room to fix the system settings.
Billy chatted with "Bonnie" for about three minutes before Francesco returned to report his findings.
He whispered, "Barrett was right, Mr. Billy. I only needed to tune the settings like he said. The footage is working as intended again. I even rewinded the footage to when it froze. It seems Barrett was indeed sleeping."
Since Bonnie could read lips, she knew what they said. She grinned with a sense of triumph as she thought, 'It looks like I succeeded. These guys will only see what I want them to see since I told Francesco to tune the settings that way.'
Meanwhile, Francesco's words dispelled Billy's doubts about Bonnie. "It looks like I misunderstood Barrett, after all."
Francesco could not help but say, "Barrett's capabilities far surpass ordinary folks. If we can convince him to work for us permanently, he'll lead your team of technicians to heights we can't even imagine. They could even develop a more impressive chip than the Nidhoggs."
Billy's eyes sparkled when he heard that. "I didn't think about it that way. If that comes to fruition, I can realize my dream of ruling every international organization."
He stared at Bonnie excitedly as if she was the most valuable treasure in the world.
Bonnie heard him but did not show it. Instead, she feigned ignorance and asked, "Why are you looking at me like that, Mr. Billy? Is there something on my face?"
'That explains why Billy risked offending the Dark Knights and my organization to keep Falcon and the chip hidden. Billy wants to rule all the organizations. That's ambitious.'
Billy composed himself and cleared his throat, saying, "It's nothing, Barrett. I'm thrilled that you helped Francesco fix the security system. Your capabilities have far exceeded my expectations." Bonnie waved humbly and said, "I just solved a minor issue. It was nothing special."
Billy's admiration for her grew when he heard that. His henchmen and technicians had undergone rigorous training. They were not incompetent by any means. If the issue with the security footage was minor, as Bonnie said, the technicians could have fixed it themselves.
Billy was surprised that "Bonnie" was capable and had an excellent personality that surpassed most people.
'He knows to be humble but won't hesitate to show off when appropriate, either. He'll have a bright future ahead.'
The more Billy thought about it, the more satisfied he felt with Bonnie.
###Chapter 1169
"I admire you for more than just your computer skills, Barrett. I'd even say fate brought us together for a reason. Have dinner with me tonight, and we'll indulge in liquor and bright conversations." Bonnie thought, 'Something about this feels fishy, but I can't reject him. After all, it could be one of his tests. I'll have to pass it to get to the chip.'
With that in mind, she agreed smilingly, "Of course! I think we were meant to meet, too. I'd love to chat with you, Mr. Billy."
"That's my man! I love your straightforwardness. I'll tell the chef to make us a great meal. You can trust that I won't let you starve tonight," Billy laughed heartily, "You must be tired. I promise no one will disturb you this time."
"I appreciate that, Mr. Billy," Bonnie thanked him and shut the door before returning to her bed.
In the hallway, Francesco felt impressed, saying, "Mr. Billy, our initial purpose was to see if Barrett was acting suspiciously. However, we allowed him to demonstrate more of his skills instead. That guy's a formidable character."
A slight sparkle appeared in Billy's eyes as he responded, "The more formidable he is, the more critical it is for us to probe him. If we misuse him, he can be dangerous. That said, I have high hopes for him. "Once he passes all my tests, I'll do anything to retain an outstanding talent like him for my organization."
Francesco nodded in approval. "Of course, Mr. Billy. He's a massive stepping stone for you to launch your career to new heights. It only makes sense that you're being extra cautious."
"Mhm," Billy responded dryly, "Let's go and prepare for tonight's dinner. If Barrett passes tonight's test, we can arrange for him to meet Falcon."
Francesco said respectfully, "You can count on me, sir. I'll make sure everything goes according to plan."
"All right, I'll leave it to you," Billy said before returning to his room.
Ivor sat down and called Bonnie, but she did not answer. He tried several more times, but nothing changed. He frowned as he listened to the beeping sound.
'Why isn't she answering my calls? Is it because she's working on her research, or did something happen to her?'
Then, Floyd entered the room and was shocked to see Ivor's expression. The former asked gingerly, "What's wrong, Mr. Ivor? You look terrible. Did something happen back home?"
Ivor did not even look at Floyd. Instead, the former continued to stare at his phone. He had made more than ten calls, but Bonnie did not answer once.
"I've called my wife several times, but she still hasn't answered. I'm worried about her. What if something happened?"
Floyd was stunned. Then, he had an idea, asking, "You have Toby's number, right? He's the young man who works at Ms. Bonnie's research institute. You can always call and ask him what's going on."
###Chapter 1170
Ivor had saved Toby's number long ago. If Floyd had not reminded Ivor about it, the latter would not have remembered that.
"All right, I'll call Toby and ask him where's Bonnie." Ivor searched for the number and dialed it.
Meanwhile, Toby was in his place sipping tea when his phone rang. He was stunned when he saw Ivor's name on the screen. Then, he recalled what Bonnie told him and everyone else at the research institute
'Ms. Bonnie said she'd be away from Pyralis for a long time. She also said her husband might call to ask about her whereabouts. We're supposed to say she's busy conducting research. No matter what Mr. Ivor asks, we must tell him that to stop him from discovering the truth.'
With that in mind, Toby composed himself and answered the call, "Hello, is that you, Mr. Ivor?”
Ivor's charming voice sounded, "Yeah, it's me."
After some silence, Toby asked, "How can I help you?"
"Where's Bonnie? She isn't answering my calls. I've called her more than ten times now," Ivor sounded displeased. He thought it was strange because Toby was Bonnie's assistant, yet he could answer his call. but Bonnie could not.
Toby felt a little guilty when he detected the displeasure in Ivor's voice. The former gathered himself and lied, "Ms. Bonnie has been working on a massive project recently, but she thinks the noise at the research facility will distract her.
"She took a team of researchers to another institute that could provide her a quieter environment." Toby's words only made Ivor more suspicious.
The latter squinted and said coldly, "If it's a massive project, why aren't you, her assistant, involved?"
Tony deliberately sighed to sound helpless, saying, "It's a long story, Mr. Ivor."
"Then make it short," Ivor might have sounded calm, but his tone was imposing.
Toby felt intimidated and wiped his nervous sweat before saying, "It's nothing spectacular. I've just been working on a thesis, so I must juggle my work and studies. Eventually, it got so bad that I messed up some data.
"Although it was insignificant data, Ms. Bonnie has always been stringent with these things. It made her think I couldn't juggle work and study. That's why she didn't want me involved in this research. She told me to straighten out at the university before she could reconsider things."
Ivor instinctively took Bonnie's side as he listened. Then, he spoke on her behalf, "That's just how she is. She's pretty forgiving about most things but is brutally strict about research. That said, I bet she did it fo your benefit.
"You're working on a thesis but want to be involved in a significant project. You can botch your thesis and Bonnie's research if it's more than you can handle."
###Chapter 1171
Everything Toby said matched Bonnie's character and how she handled things. Hence, he was able to rid Ivor of his suspicions.
"Tell me about it, Mr. Ivor." Toby played along. "I understand Ms. Bonnie's good intentions, too, so I plan to complete my thesis before participating in her research. I don't want to botch my work and her research."
"Mhm," Ivor faintly responded before he thought of something and asked, "Does that mean even you don't know if Bonnie's at the research institute?"
Toby thought he had bluffed his way through. However, his heart leaped to his throat when he heard Ivor's question.
"Since Ms. Bonnie hasn't answered your calls, she must be focused on her research. Where else would she be, considering her character?" Then, Toby sprung a question on Ivor, "That said, you also asked us about her whereabouts last time, right?
"Do you think she'd be up to no good because she's in Pyralis, and you're on an overseas work trip? Rest assured, Ms. Bonnie would never do something like that."
Ivor was stumped. After some thought, he told Toby why he called, "I'm more worried about her safety than unfaithfulness. After all, Bonnie has put herself in danger countless times and kept them from me. I can't help but worry about her, especially since I'm overseas."
Toby said understandingly, "So, that's why you called. If you're that concerned for her safety, I'll see if she's at the new research institute. I can check on her for you."
Ivor did not want to trouble him but was also worried about Bonnie. Ultimately, Ivor agreed, "I'd appreciate it if it's not too much trouble. I hope you can tell her to call me when you arrive."
'I don't even know where Ms. Bonnie is. How can I get her to call you? Still, I must avoid rousing Mr. Ivor's suspicions. I should agree.'
"Of course, Mr. Ivor. However, Ms. Bonnie has been focused on her research and might be unable to make calls. I only dare to stand outside and check on her from afar. I wouldn't want to disturb her."
Ivor did not want to make things difficult for Toby. The former said, "Just do your best and don't push it. What matters is that you can confirm she's safe."
Toby feared Ivor would force him to make Bonnie call Ivor back. However, Ivor did not do that. Toby sighed in relief and said, "I understand, Mr. Ivor. I'll hang up and call you again once I'm there." "Okay, thanks." Ivor hung up and tapped his desk.
Floyd could not help but ask, "What's on your mind, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor turned and looked at Floyd. The former frowned, saying, "Did you sense something unusual about Toby when I talked to him on the phone?"
Floyd recalled the duo's conversation and shook his head. "Nothing seemed amiss to me, sir. Why do you ask? Did you sense something unusual?"
###Chapter 1172
"I have a subtle feeling Toby prepared that story." Ivor could not explain why, but that was what he felt. It bugged him throughout his conversation with Toby. It was so intense that Ivor could not shake it off. "What do you mean?" Floyd was puzzled.
After some thought, Ivor answered, "He sounded too cautious. People usually speak casually instead of how he just sounded."
Floyd thought nothing was wrong with that, saying, "Maybe he was just nervous that you suddenly called him. He could've been telling you the truth all along."
"Are you sure?" Ivor relaxed slightly but still felt somewhat uneasy. He could not explain it, either.
Floyd devised an idea for his boss, "That was just my opinion on it, Mr. Ivor. If you're still worried, you should pressure Toby to ask your wife to call you once he reaches the research institute.
"I know Ms. Bonnie is occupied with her research, but I'm willing to bet a harmless phone call won't bother her."
Ivor nodded in approval. "All right, I'll ask him to tell Bonnie to call me if she can."
The so-called other research institute was just a place Toby made up to dispel Ivor's suspicions about Bonnie's whereabouts. That was why Toby did not need to go anywhere. Instead, he stayed on his bed and called Bonnie.
'I've stalled Mr. Ivor long enough, but he might act up again later. I must contact Ms. Bonnie to explain things as soon as possible.'
However, Toby met the same dead end as Ivor when he called. The phone rang, but no one answered, even after he called several times. Toby gripped his phone and felt a headache coming on.
'Where could Ms. Bonnie be? Why isn't she answering her phone? What'll I do if Mr. Ivor insists on talking to her when I call him later?'
Suddenly, he had an idea. He remembered Bonnie giving him Collin's number.
'Ms. Bonnie told me to call Collin if I can't reach her during an emergency. Still, I don't know who this person is.'
In just a few seconds, someone answered, "Hello? Who's calling?"
Toby was hesitant for a moment. He composed himself and asked, "Excuse me, but do you know who Bonnie is, by any chance?"
He did well not to mention Bonnie's identity as Bonita before knowing who Collin was. The last thing Toby wanted was to get Bonnie and himself into unnecessary trouble. That said, she was the one who gave Toby that number.
Collin could not help but become alert when he heard Bonnie's name. He kept his guard up, asking, "Who are you, and how do you know her?"
###Chapter 1173
Toby could tell Collin knew Bonnie just by his tone. Therefore, Toby did not feel the need to hide anything. Instead, he told Collin who he was and why he was looking for Bonnie. Collin facepalmed and said, "You're one of the chief research institute workers, right?"
Before Bonnie infiltrated Billy's organization, she feared they would check her phone and discover her true identity. That was why she took a new phone instead of her usual one.
She left so hurriedly that she did not think Billy would put her through so many tests. She forgot that Ivor might call her, especially since she had to stay undercover much longer than anticipated. Things would have been much worse if Bonnie did not prepare Toby when she was in Pyralis. The worst thing that could happen was Ivor flying back to Pyralis to ensure she was there. If that happened, Bonnie could not explain herself.
"Yeah, I work at the Bonita Research Institute," Toby admitted before asking, "Where is Ms. Bonnie? Why is she always gone for so long? Also, why would she keep so many secrets from Mr. Ivor?" "Um, that's a long story." Collin scratched his head. "It's best if the chief explains it to you when she returns to Pyralis."
Toby realized Collin did not intend to answer his slew of questions and decided not to pry. "Okay, I need you to contact Ms. Bonnie soon, or I might be unable to keep up my lies with Mr. Ivor." "Understood." Collin felt a massive headache coming on. "I'll hang up now and tell her about it."
"Remember to call me once you reach her and devise a solution. Mr. Ivor's waiting for me to update him as we speak."
Collin responded urgently, "You got it."
After hanging up the call, Collin texted Bonnie, "Code red! Ivor is calling your people at the research institute to check on you. I know you're busy, but you must reply to this when you see it!"
He waited for a long time but received no reply from her. He also would not call her without her permission. After all, a single ill-timed phone call would blow her cover. He could only wait for her reply, regardless of how anxious he was.
Meanwhile, Ivor had waited an hour since his phone call with Toby. The former frowned and muttered, "What's taking him so long?"
Floyd responded, "The new research institute must be far away. Maybe it'll take time for Toby to reach there."
"That's possible, but something feels strange." Ivor rubbed his phone hesitantly before calling Toby again.
Toby's heart leaped to his throat when he saw the incoming call.
'It's been so long, but Collin still hasn't responded. That means he's also having trouble contacting Ms. Bonnie. I don't dare to call and bug him. Since that's the case, everything falls onto my shoulders.
'If I answer the call, I might slip up and get caught lying. Still, Mr. Ivor will be more suspicious if I let it go to voicemail. Damn, this is tough! No research or experiment I've done can compare to this!' He thought the call was about to hang up automatically. Ultimately, he answered, "Hello, Mr. Ivor. What's wrong?"
###Chapter 1174
Ivor went straight to the point, asking, "You said you'd check on Bonnie at the other research institute, right? Do you realize it's been over an hour since then? Are you there yet?"
Toby panicked but tried to sound calm, "I'm sorry, Mr. Ivor. The traffic is terrible today, and the other institute is in the countryside. It'll take time since I'm driving from my place. I'm afraid you'll have to wait a little longer."
Although he tried to remain calm, his voice was a little shaky. Ivor did not detect it but grew suspicious after hearing what Toby said. Still, the former did not urge Toby. "It's okay. Take your time." Meanwhile, Toby searched for a honking sound effect on his computer and played it.
Beep, beep!
Then, he spoke apologetically, "Is it okay if I hang up now, Mr. Ivor? I'm driving now and can't talk on the phone."
"All right," Ivor responded dryly and hung up with a frown.
'I don't want to be suspicious of Bonnie, but my instincts say there's something strange about how her assistant responded. It feels like he's stalling. Still, where else would Bonnie go besides the research institute, university, and home?
'Hmm, Bonnie was no ordinary person before she met me. If anything, she could've gone away to do something dangerous, and Toby's covering for her.'
Although Ivor speculated about such things, he also thought that might not be true. Instead, he waited to see what else Toby would say. Even if the latter were stalling, the longest he could stall was a couple of hours, not an entire day.
With all that in mind, Ivor decided to wait it out. He even wished he was overthinking things.
Meanwhile, Toby called Collin immediately after hanging up the call with Ivor. "Did you contact Ms. Bonnie yet? Her husband just called me again. I can't stall for too long and feel him getting increasingly suspicious.
"If I stall any longer, he might return to Pyralis and look for Ms. Bonnie. After all, he's not too far from here, either."
Collin knew how severe the situation was. He could only scratch his head furiously and pace back and forth anxiously. "I messaged the chief, but she still hasn't replied! I-I'm running out of ideas here!" Toby asked, confused, "Wh-why didn't you just call her? What if she didn't see your text?"
"Ms. Bonnie's undercover. I can't call her whenever I want, or I'll blow her cover!" The situation gave Collin a massive headache. "I'm sorry you have to deal with this. I'll send her more texts and inform you the moment she replies."
Toby did not expect Bonnie to be on a dangerous mission or keep it from Ivor. However, the former knew she had a reason for doing so.
###Chapter 1175
Toby dropped the subject and said, "All right, I'll do everything possible to stall. I'll make up an excuse and keep Ms. Bonnie's actions from Mr. Ivor."
"Thanks a bunch." Collin hung up the call after expressing his gratitude. Then, he sent Bonnie a flurry of texts.
"Code red, Chief! You must reply and tell me what to do immediately, or you'll blow your cover!"
"Your husband is getting suspicious! He might fly back to Pyralis to look for you. It's over for you if he discovers you're not there!"
"I'm begging you, Chief! Please hurry up and reply to my texts!"
...
Although Collin bombarded Bonnie with texts, he still received no replies. He could only stare at his phone and wait for a response that might never come.
He felt a chill down his spine as he paced back and forth, muttering, "Please respond to my texts, Chief. Otherwise, it's over for all of us!"
Bonnie woke up feeling a little dizzy.
It seemed Billy had kept his word and did not allow his henchmen to disturb her after their last encounter. Hence, she felt pretty well rested now. She massaged her temples and took her phone from the table, only to see countless texts from Collin.
'Did something happen?'
Bonnie bolted upright and read each text. Her eyes widened in shock when she realized Ivor had asked Toby about her whereabouts. Immediately after, she called Collin.
Buzz, buzz! Buzz!
Collin heard his phone vibrating and quickly checked it. He was so excited to see Bonnie's caller ID that he could almost cry. He answered it and wailed, "Damn it, Chief! What took you so long?! You have no idea how much pressure I was under waiting for your reply!
"What'll you do if your husband discovers you're not in Pyralis? It might destroy your relationship with him!" Collin vented his frustrations. His concern for her relationship with Ivor was apparent. Bonnie grumbled, "It won't destroy our relationship, even if he found out I'm not in Pyralis. At most, it'll be harder for me to take a long break from home to deal with this mission."
She knew Ivor did not call to find her. Instead, he was just worried about her safety. As far as Ivor was concerned, his wife had never been the type to stay idle. She even expected him to call occasionally. Collin composed himself and asked, "You'll need to devise a solution quickly, Chief. We're awaiting your orders. Your friend at the research institute is more anxious than I am. He's been waiting to contact you.' "Don't rush yourselves." Bonnie frowned and rubbed her chin. "Let me think about it. Since I'm in Billy's organization, doing anything will be challenging. I'll need time to devise a perfect solution."
###Chapter 1176
"Alright. Take your time, chief. Tell me the moment you come up with it. After all, it's a big deal, and I know you can't rush these things."
Collin was anxious, but he considered Bonnie's circumstances and decided to comfort her a little.
'Billy is smart. If Bonnie slips up even once, he'd surely catch it. Chief has to deal with such a crafty character and solve the incident with Ivor. She's under a lot of pressure now.
'That's why I have to comfort her instead of giving her more pressure.'
"Okay. I'm working on it," she responded dryly and tried hard to figure out a solution.
Suddenly, something popped into her mind and her eyes sparkled. "I've got it!"
He asked at once, "What's the plan?"
"Tell Toby to send word to Ivor that I'm busy now. I'll call him when I'm free. Then, you'll go to my room and retrieve my phone from the safe. Call Ivor and keep our line open. I'm going to talk to him through your phone." She laid out the plan calmly.
Collin smacked his thigh. "What a great idea, chief! After all, you're the one who knows him best. He wouldn't be satisfied unless he talked to you himself."
"That's exactly what I'm worried about. That's why I need to talk to him directly." She rubbed her brow. "I hope I can comfort him enough so he won't fly back to Pyralis to look for me."
'If this had happened earlier, I could've taken the private plane back to Pyralis at the same time he did. The flight is just six hours, so I could probably buy myself some time and make it back home just in time. 'But I'm in the enemy headquarters now. I can't just leave as I please. The best thing I can do now is comfort Ivor through the phone and dispel his suspicions for the time being. I'll have to deal with the rest when I cross that bridge.'
Collin said, "You're such a good talker, chief. I'm sure you can convince Ivor to call off the idea of checking on you."
Then he asked, "Would you be able to hear each other clearly if you had a conversation through my phone? I'm worried Ivor would find out something's wrong when there's some kind of feedback." "Have you forgotten? I modified both of our phones. There won't be any feedback, even if I talk to Ivor through your phone. If I was not sure this would work, I would not have suggested it. All you have to do is follow my lead."
She had run through several options in her head, but none of them suited her purpose. This was the only way she could hide the truth from Ivor.
"If you put it that way, then I have every bit of confidence in your plan as well, chief." He patted his chest. "I'm going to your room and retrieve your phone right now."
"That's not what you should do now." She rubbed her brow helplessly at how anxious Collin seemed to be. "Didn't you say Toby is waiting for your call? You have to call him back and tell him about it first." "Oh, you're right. I was so worked up that I almost forgot about that guy." He scratched the back of his head in embarrassment. "I'm going to call him right now."
"Okay. Remember, you have to let me know before you do anything. Don't take matters into your own hands. I'm behind enemy lines, so it's inconvenient for me to do anything. I have to make arrangements beforehand."
She might've relayed her orders calmly, but her tone was thick with helplessness.
###Chapter 1177
She thought to herself, 'I believed I'd just infiltrate Billy's organization and walk out with the chip. To avoid putting myself at risk, I had decided to leave my phone behind.
'I didn't count on this whole thing dragging out this long. To make matters worse, Ivor gave me a call on the first day of my operation. Even I get terrible headaches when everything comes up at once.' "Roger, chief," Collin answered. He hung up his phone and dialed Toby's number immediately.
Toby had been waiting for Collin's call and quickly answered the phone. "How did it go? Did you manage to contact Ms. Bonita?"
"I did. Relax." Collin tried to comfort him. "The chief says you should tell Ivor that she's in the middle of something right now. She's going to give him a call as soon as she's done with it."
Toby could feel a weight being lifted off his shoulder. "That's great. I'm running out of ideas to deal with Mr. Ivor."
"She's aware that you're under a lot of stress. That's why she decided to talk to him herself. You can stop worrying about it now. The chief has come up with an excellent plan. This way, both of us could relax and stop pulling our hairs out."
"You said it." Toby felt that his shoulder became lighter instantly. 'What a sweet relief.'
"Alright. I'm going to call Mr. Ivor. I wouldn't want to stall too long and let his suspicion grow heavier."
"Okay," Collin responded.
Toby hung up the phone and dialed Ivor's number at once.
Ivor picked up the call almost immediately. "Have you arrived at Bonnie's new research institute?"
"I'm here, Mr. Ivor," he responded in a casual tone. "However, Ms. Bonita's research is at a critical stage right now. So, she can't pull herself out of it for the time being. She wanted me to tell you that she'll give you a call as soon as she's done with it."
"Critical stage, huh..." A light flashed in Ivor's eyes as he drew out his words, his tone thick with skepticism.
"Exactly. I believe you know how she is, Mr. Ivor. I made it perfectly clear that you're in a hurry to speak with her, but she was adamant about wrapping up her work with her research. She says she didn't want anyone or anything to disrupt her train of thought." Toby faked a sigh.
Ivor decided to believe what Toby said, albeit reluctantly. "Fine, then. Tell her to give me a call after she's done with her work."
Toby let out a heavy sigh of relief. "Understood."
Ivor hung up the phone, still finding it hard to believe Toby's explanation. However, he didn't jump to conclusions.
'I'll just wait for Bonnie to give me a call and draw up a conclusion after that."
###Chapter 1178
Once Toby was done talking to Ivor on the phone, he told Collin about it. After that, it was up to Collin and Bonnie.
Collin acknowledged it and gave Bonnie a call. "I've got the phone in your safe, chief. Toby has also told Ivor that you'll be calling him when you're less occupied. So, you're free to call him anytime you want. I'll stand by and wait for your orders."
"Alright. We're not in a hurry. We'll have to wait for a while."
Suddenly, someone knocked on her door. It alarmed her immediately. She stared at the door, vigilance flashing in her eyes.
Then, Bonnie hung up the phone and adjusted the hidden camera settings. She pretended to have just woken up when she opened the door.
The moment she saw Francesco, she yawned and pretended to be confused. She asked, "What's the matter? Is it dinner already?"
He flashed her a respectful and flattering smile. "It's not time for dinner yet, but Mr. Billy said he had an urge to play a game of chess. He is requesting your presence."
"Sure thing. I quite like playing chess," she responded with a fake smile. "The thing is, I've just woken up and I'm feeling kind of tired. I'm all sweaty after the nap, too. I'd like to take a shower before I go over. Mr. Billy will have to wait for me for a while."
"Take your time. I'll report it to him." Francesco nodded slightly and left quickly.
She watched as he left and frowned slightly.
'Why would Billy want me to play chess with him? What is he playing at?'
She rubbed her forehead, feeling a headache coming on. Closing the door, she adjusted the camera setting with her phone before calling Collin again.
Collin answered her call promptly. The nervousness in tone was unmistakable.
"Who knocked on your door earlier, chief? Did Billy stir something up again?"
"Yeah, he did." She let out a subtle sigh. "He sent one of his henchmen to invite me for a game of chess out of nowhere. What's he trying to do, I wonder? I'm going over soon. Refrain from calling me for the time being. I'll call you when I need to."
Collin was aware of how serious the situation was and agreed to it hastily.
"Loud and clear, chief!" Then, something popped into his mind. "Wait a minute. What about Ivor? What are we supposed to do if you're occupied with Billy for a long time? He's still waiting for you to call him, after all."
Her headache got infinitely worse.
"Buy me some time. No matter what, I can only call him back after I've dealt with Billy. I'll see if I can find an opening to call him. I'll call him the moment a chance presents itself. It's your job to keep the lines clear at all times. Don't drop the ball when it counts!"
"Gotcha, chief," Collin responded solemnly, using a confident tone to give her some assurance.
"Great. That's it for now, then. I'm going to hang up now." She ended the call and adjusted the camera settings again. Picking up an outfit from her suitcase, she walked into the restroom.
She checked the restroom thoroughly, trying to make sure that Billy wasn't the kind of psycho who'd installed a hidden camera in here.
Once she was sure there weren't any, she went on to take a shower.
###Chapter 1179
'The last thing I want is for Billy to catch me lying. It would be a mess if he didn't let go of a single inconsistency.'
...
Billy put down his chess piece and looked over. He frowned seeing Francesco return alone.
"Why did you come back all by yourself? Didn't I ask you to get Barrett? Where's he?"
Francesco explained hastily, "Barrett said that he had just woken up and was feeling tired. He was covered in sweat from his nap. So, he said he'll be here after he's taken a shower." Billy nodded. "I guess we'll wait for him, then."
"That's what I told him, too," Francesco responded.
All of a sudden, something popped into his mind and he asked, "Are you sure you're going to have the hidden camera in his room removed? Aren't you going to observe him for a little longer?"
"There's no need to monitor him anymore. The dinner later will be his final test. If he passes it, then I'm going to start using his skills as my own. If the opposite proves to be true, then I'll deal with him right there!"
The only reason he asked Bonnie here was so his men would remove the hidden camera while she wasn't in the room.
"Frankly speaking, I find him quite honest. I have every faith that he'll pass my test! I wanted the hidden camera removed because I did not want him to find out we had installed it in the first place. "After all, you don't employ someone you don't trust. Conversely, you don't suspect the people you've hired. I don't want him to mistrust me before I even get to use his skills."
Francesco gave him a thumbs up. "You've thought of everything, Mr. Billy! How intelligent!"
Billy snorted. "That's enough with the a***-kissing. Did you arrange for our henchmen to remove the camera from his room?"
"You can count on me, Mr. Billy. I've made ample arrangements. I promise you that the hidden camera in Barrett's room will be removed." Francesco patted his chest confidently. Billy nodded, satisfied. "Hmm. Well done. You may stand down now. I'm going to wait for Barrett by myself."
"Roger, Mr. Billy." Francesco nodded respectfully before exiting the room.
He reached the door and saw Bonnie, who was walking over from the hallway. He greeted her in a friendly manner.
"That was a quick bath, Barrett. Mr. Billy is waiting for you in there. Hurry up and head inside."
She nodded and responded, "Got it."
Billy heard her approaching and turned around. He said with a smile, "I've been into chess lately. Come over and play with me."
"Sure thing, Billy." She smiled and sat across from him. "I'm up for some matches, but I'm not particularly good at chess. So, you'll have to bear with me."
###Chapter 1180
"It's okay. We're just doing it for fun. Play as you will," Billy said, taking the lead in moving his chess piece. Then, Bonnie advanced a piece of her white chess across the board. "If you put it that way, I'll do my best." He looked at the position of her chess piece and knew that she was telling the truth.
'It's quite surprising that someone as incredibly talented as Barrett is that bad when it comes to this game.
'I'll seize this opportunity and let him see how great I am at chess. After all, formidable people look up to those who are better than them.
'I'll make him bow down to my mastery and work on impressing him with my other skill sets. I want him to willingly join my organization and work for me!'
At the thought of that, he smiled. He was dead set on making it happen.
"There's no need to be so tense. Like I said, this is just for fun. So, just play however you like."
He might've said that, but he proceeded to exert pressure on Bonnie with every move he made on the chessboard.
Meanwhile, Bonnie toyed around with him.
Every time Billy thought victory was his, she'd outmaneuver him and save herself with one single move.
He, too, realized what was going on. He stared at her with skepticism. "Are you sure you aren't good with chess?"
'I thought he was bad at it. But not only is he familiar with chess, but he's actually a master at it.
'Under normal circumstances, I would've won the game much earlier! Although I haven't won, the fact that he held out this long against me means that he's good.
'Why would he deny being good at chess when he clearly is? Could it be that he was playing me for a fool?'
At the thought of that, Billy's face fell. A hint of irritation flashed across his eyes as he looked at Bonnie.
Naturally, she knew what was on his mind.
She spoke with a sense of nonchalance. "I'm not good at chess, nor have I spent a lot of time playing. However, I did study a chess manual in the past and I could predict your next move using everything I learned from there."
She paused before saying with a smile, "At first, I thought about letting you win. Then, I got to thinking that you're not shallow. So, why would I do something like that? Wouldn't you agree?" Billy remained quiet and didn't respond to her.
'Not only is Barrett exceptionally talented at hacking, but he is great at chess, too. All he did was study a manual, and he's already better than me. I've had years of experience playing chess.
'Judging by his intelligence, he's the kind of guy who'd excel at everything he does. He just might be able to eventually develop a chip that's better than the one the Nidhogg created!' Billy's eyes were sparkling with excitement. He was staring at Bonnie with even more intensity than he had when she first demonstrated her incredible hacking skills.
He was lost in a trance before he came back to his senses. Both his eyes and his tone were kind and tender now.
"Can you tell me what's the name of the chess manual you read?"
###Chapter 1181
Billy was secretly a chess fanatic. He could not wait to find out what the manual was called so he could study it in private.
Bonnie's lips curled into a grin. A hint of mischief flashed in her eyes. Then she pretended to ponder deeply, rubbing her chin as she did.
"It's been such a long time since I've read it. I can't recall it off the top of my head. I'm going to need some time."
He waved his hand and said, "It's fine. Take your time. I'm not in any hurry, anyway. Let's continue our game. Then, tell me about what you see as the game goes on. That'll allow me to study chess differently, too."
She feigned surprise and said, "I'm seriously not good at chess, Billy. I don't think it's a good idea for you to be studying chess the way I do. The last thing I want to do is lead you astray."
"It'll be fine. I'll know what to do." He gestured for her to look at the game, that had only gone halfway through. "Come on, keep playing."
"Fine, then." She had been playing reservedly earlier. Now, however, she played much more aggressively.
It only took her three moves to turn the tide.
He wouldn't have believed it if he hadn't seen it with his own eyes. However, her next move would continue to shock and awe him.
As she moved her chess piece across the board, he was checkmated. Victory was supposedly within his grasp, too.
His eyes widened in shock as he looked at the chessboard. He even wondered if he was seeing things wrongly. So, he closed his eyes and opened them again. He did it multiple times before he had to admit that this wasn't an illusion at all.
'It's been said that some people could decide the outcome of the match in just one move. The way Barrett moved his chess pieces is probably proof of that!
Billy had to suppress the excitement that rose in his chest. Looking at her with clear admiration, he asked, "Would you please show me how you did it, Barrett?" Billy had never been this humble in his entire life.
"It's quite simple." She proceeded to tell him the core of the principle in an easily understood manner.
In fact, she was long used to the excited look on Billy's face.
After all, she was 'The Shepherd.' To neutralize Billy on the chessboard was like taking candy from a baby for someone like her.
He gave her a thumbs up at once.
"Not only are you great at chess, but your way of thinking is also impeccable! I could go back in time to the moment when I was the same age as you, but I still wouldn't be half as incredible as you are now!" Billy had always been an arrogant man. He'd rarely admit that someone else was better than him at something. For him to give her such high praise was proof that he was deeply impressed with her.
She smiled. "You're too humble, Billy. You're managing such a major organization, and that makes you better than a lot of ordinary folks already. I don't think you're inferior to me. On the contrary, I find myself unable to match your success!
"I've always thought of myself as a loser. After all, I couldn't even look after my family well. If it wasn't because something happened to them, I wouldn't have..."
###Chapter 1182
Bonnie wanted Billy to let down his guard.
'I'm aware that he's constantly worried about me having an ulterior motive for joining his organization. That's why he never let me get in touch with the chip. 'The reason I made up something about my family is because I want him to think that I really am doing this for the money. That ought to lower his guard.'
As expected, Billy stopped in his tracks. He was about to move a chess piece, but he put it down instead.
He asked, "Your family? What happened to them?"
She pretended to sigh helplessly.
"I used to work in another state, leaving my old parents in the village. My mom had some serious health issues back when she was young. So, she was very fragile. I even almost lost her to a high fever a while ago!
"She managed to cling on to life and barely recovered, but the high fever brought on an onslaught of other conditions. She's still receiving treatment in the ICU right now. It burned a hole in my wallet and drained my entire life savings.
"I'm broke now. I was overwhelmed with a huge sense of helplessness when I looked at her, lying on the bed. Just as I was running out of options, I saw that you're hiring. H-How else am I supposed to find a huge amount of money?"
She spoke with such genuine emotion that her eyes even turned red at the end of it.
She didn't make up the whole story. Most of it happened to Welma. Fortunately, she had extensive medical knowledge and abundant money. So, things didn't go as badly as they could have. Meanwhile, Billy looked at her with sympathy after he heard her story. "You're young, but you have an extremely heavy burden on your shoulders."
She deliberately curled her lips into a bitter grin. "I didn't think about anything else. All I know is that my mom gave birth to me and raised me. I don't care what I have to do, as long as I can keep her with us! The admiration in his eyes intensified when he heard what she said. It wasn't just about her skill sets, either. He was more impressed with her character.
'I know I'm not a good guy, but someone as pure-hearted as Barrett is hard to come by these days.
'I also know that I can cultivate an unwavering loyalty with guys like him. I won't have to worry about him betraying me.'
At the thought of it, he reached out and patted her on the shoulder.
"You're all right, young man. I see now why you were able to pass the tests. Not only are you capable, but you're very responsible as well! Now that you're one of us, you're family. You can count on me, Barrett I won't let you suffer for as long as I breathe!"
Feeling his hand on her shoulder, a hint of coldness flashed in her eyes. She had to stop herself from gripping his hand and break it with a twist.
She shifted to the side calmly and let his hand fall downward.
"I appreciate it, Billy. Judging by your response, I can tell you're also a man with big feelings and deep sentiments. It looks like I made the right decision by attending the interview."
He noticed her avoiding his hand and smiled as he withdrew it. "Pardon me. I forgot that you don't like to be touched."
"It's alright, Billy. This habit of mine makes me seem a little unfriendly. I'm lucky that you understand me." She smiled, but it wasn't a genuine one. Instead, it looked downright creepy. Billy wasn't ready for it when he met her gaze. He couldn't help but shiver.
'Why do I get the feeling that Barrett is hiding an authoritative and overpowering air in him? It makes me feel like he's some kind of big shot who's as powerful as I am. It feels as if he's way above me...' He glanced at her with inquisitive eyes again.
###Chapter 1183
Bonnie resumed her harmless demeanor and made herself look vulnerable as well. There wasn't a trace of the sense of authority and overpowering aura that Billy had sensed from her a second ago. He realized it and frowned, falling into deep thought. 'Did I make a mistake?'
He wanted to confirm again and proceeded to look at her. She was still wearing that harmless expression on her face, the way she did earlier.
After confirming it, his suspicion gradually faded off. 'I must've made a mistake!
'After all, why would he put himself in danger by sneaking into my organization if he really is some big shot who's more powerful and influential than I am?
At the thought of it, he began to treat her with the same attitude as he did before, with adoration and genuine interest.
"It's only normal for geniuses like you to have some quirky sides. I can completely understand it." With that, he waved at Francesco, who was standing not far from them. "Come over here." "Yes, Mr. Billy," Francesco responded and hurried over.
Billy whispered something to Francesco, who nodded and left the room again.
She watched in silence. For a moment there, she couldn't understand what Billy was doing.
She couldn't resist chuckling and asking, "What's the matter, Billy? Do you have some other matters you need to attend to? You can go ahead and work on it. I'll just go back to my room and wait for you to call me again when it's time for dinner."
She hadn't forgotten that Ivor was still waiting for her phone call. She might've been a little anxious about it, but she couldn't let it show. Otherwise, it'd backfire on her.
"That's not what's happening here." Billy waved and said, "Furthermore, I didn't tell Francesco about my matters. I asked him to prepare a surprise for you. He's going to fetch it and come back in no time." She heard what he said and her lips couldn't help but twitch in response.
'Surprise? What on earth is he trying to do now? Is it another test? Is it some kind of trick?'
Billy noticed that Bonnie simply remained where she stood. "Aren't you curious at all, Barrett? Aren't you going to guess what surprise I've prepared for you?"
She brushed her thoughts aside and responded with a smile, "You've overestimated me, Billy. You're such a meticulous person, and I've known you for barely more than a day. How could I guess what you're going to give me?"
He was delighted with the way she complimented him. Throwing his head back, he laughed throatily.
"Hahaha! You're way too modest. You're a meticulous person yourself, too, Barrett."
###Chapter 1184
Bonnie went along with him and laughed as well. "I appreciate your compliment, Billy, but I can never hope to come close to you." Billy was even happier. "It's alright. You're going to know what kind of surprise I prepared for you soon, anyway."
He shot a glance at the door.
At the next moment, Francesco walked into the room.
She followed his gaze and saw his henchman coming back too, but she didn't grow anxious. Instead, she merely stared quietly.
Extending his hand, Billy said, "Give it to me."
Francesco fished something out of his pocket and handed it respectfully to him.
Once Billy took it, he turned around and walked over to her.
Their backs were turned to her during the handoff. So, she couldn't help but grow slightly alert when she saw Billy heading toward her.
'What on earth did Billy prepare for me? I hope it isn't anything dangerous. Otherwise, I'm going to have to spend more time dealing with him, which means I'll have to keep Ivor waiting longer.' Billy showed her the gift.
She lowered her gaze and looked at it inquisitively. She was stunned when she saw a bank card in the heart of his palm.
"Um... Billy... What's this?"
'I can't believe it. Did he give me a bank card? I haven't even done anything for him. Is he seriously letting me spend his money already? What's the meaning of this gesture?'
She was still in the middle of the confusion when he explained. "Didn't you just say that your mom needed money urgently for her treatment? There is one million dollars on this bank card. Consider it my gift for you.
"Take it and solve your crisis. You're going to get so much more than this after you complete the future tasks I have for you."
She pretended to be moved and looked at him in a daze. "W-Why are you treating me with such kindness, Billy?"
Needless to say, Billy's action didn't make her think that he was a kind-hearted man. After all, he was doing this because her value far exceeded one million dollars, as far as he was concerned.
It just so happened that she said she needed money urgently. So, he deliberately used the money to try to make her feel moved, thereby making it seem like he cared a lot about her.
That was his tactic to win her loyalty and make it so that she'd do anything for him, even if it meant giving her life away.
'I have to give it to him. He knows what he's doing when it comes to winning loyalty. If this had been anyone else, they probably would've been duped by Billy.
'It's too bad that he's dealing with me. I'm not going to fall for his trick this easily!'
"It's fine. One million is nothing to me. Now that you've joined my organization, you're a part of my family. It's only right that I lend you a hand with your problems."
A hint of triumph flashed in his eyes when he saw that Bonnie was so 'moved' that her eyes turned red.
'As expected, people like Barrett would easily feel moved with a little reward. I was right about him. He might've been multi-talented, but that doesn't change the fact that he's barely older than 20 years old, not to mention inexperienced in the ways the real world works.
'How is he supposed to hold his own against me?'
###Chapter 1185
Bonnie didn't miss out on the subtle triumph in Billy's eyes. Her lips curled slightly as a hint of coldness flashed in her eyes.
'I knew it. Billy isn't some kind-hearted soul. I should tread more carefully when I'm dealing with him.'
She pretended to be deeply moved when she looked at him. "Thank you, Billy. I mean it. There's hope for my mom now."
He stuffed the bank card in her hand and said, "This is but a tiny favor. Take the money and settle your mom's medical bills. If everything turns out fine, I'm going to hire the most famous doctor in Yale to treat her."
'I'm talking about the tests I've prepared for him, of course. After all, Barrett's talent is priceless. I could spend millions on him and still feel that it's worth it.
'If I so much as sniff out something off about him, then I'll think of the one million dollars as me sponsoring his funeral.'
Bonnie said, "I really appreciate this, Billy. I don't even know where to begin repaying you." She felt goosebumps from disgust as she spoke.
She had never had to say something like this to anyone. After all, she had always stood at the top of the food chain everywhere she went. She needed no pity or mercy from anyone, nor did she have to bow down to anyone.
"You don't have to repay me or anything. Just show up and do everything I tell you to do when I need it."
"Roger that, Billy. You've done me a huge favor. I promise I will do anything you ask me to do!" She responded firmly.
When she looked at him, her eyes were filled with gratitude, as if she would go to the depths of hell to fulfill his request.
Meanwhile, Billy was very satisfied with her response. "Wonderful. I feel much better after what you said."
'It took merely one million dollars to make Barrett so grateful to me that he'd jump in the lake if I ordered him to. What a sweet deal.'
"Um... Can I be excused back to my room, so I can transfer the money to my mom? She can pay the hospital. I'm worried that the doctor will stop all treatment if we drag the payment for too long." She wore an expression of worry and urgency as she spoke.
He read her expression and decided she wasn't faking it. So, he agreed to it immediately.
"Alright. I can understand how anxious you are now. So, go ahead and do it now! I'll have Francesco fetch you from your room when dinner's ready."
She relaxed a little and scurried back to her room with the bank card.
Billy watched her leave, a glint of light in his eyes. Francesco saw it and couldn't help but walk over to his leader and ask, "What are you looking at, Mr. Billy? Are you suspecting that Barrett lied to you?"
He shook his head in response. "Barrett doesn't seem like a liar. I'm looking at him because I'm thinking about the best way to maximize his talents. It would be best if he could develop a chip that's better than the one the Nidhogg created.
"If that future should come to pass, then I'll be able to realize my dream of ruling over every international organization someday."
"You're having such high hopes for him, Mr. Billy. What are you going to do if he turns out to have some ulterior motives?" Francesco's voice was thick with concern.
Billy gave him a sharp glare.
"Do you think I need your advice in dealing with him? When have I been wrong about a person?"
Francesco hunched and said hastily, "Of course, you've never been wrong about anyone. However—" Before he could finish, Billy cut him off.
"That's enough. I have no interest in listening to your crap. Get back to work now!"
###Chapter 1186
Francesco hunched and didn't dare to say anything further on the subject. He responded hastily, "O-Okay, Mr. Billy. I'll get back to my work now."
Billy watched him leave and averted his gaze, wearing an inexplicable expression as he did.
'Barrett is such an incredibly talented man. I have to win him over and make him work and die for me willingly!'
The first thing Bonnie did when she returned to her room was connect to the hidden camera in her room and change the setting. That way, she could call Ivor. She tapped on her phone and navigated to the menu, only to find that it was empty.
Realizing this, she couldn't help but frown slightly.
'What's going on? Why can't I connect to the camera? I can't even track its signal. Could they have removed the camera?'
She swept her eyes casually over the hidden camera's spot. That was when she saw that there was nothing there. A hint of joy flashed in her eyes.
'Billy was willing to remove the camera. It looks like he's gradually trusting me. If that's the case, my efforts are well worth it!
'If this keeps up, I'll be able to lay my hands on the chip in no time. Then, I'll be able to go back home and reunite with Ivor.'
As an image of his defined face flashed in her mind, her lips curled into a grin.
'Although we can't see each other now, it would be good to listen to his charming voice. I'm going to call him now.'
Bonnie navigated to the contact list, found Collin's number, and made the call.
Collin answered her call almost immediately, "You're finally calling me, chief! You have no idea how scared I was while I waited for you. I'm worried that Billy will occupy all of your time, and you won't be able to call Ivor."
"He nearly succeeded in wasting my time, but I'm smart enough to trick him and get back earlier." She chuckled. "What's more, I've gained some of his trust. It won't be long before I can get the chip." "Really?" Collin felt happy on her behalf. "That's fantastic! I was so worried that Ivor might check on you when you aren't in Pyralis.
"If that happens, and he finds out you've been doing something so dangerous, he just might lock you up once you're back home. You wouldn't have been able to take a step out of your place anymore." Bonnie felt a headache coming on. "That's what I'm worried most about as well."
'After all, Ivor is easy to talk to most of the time. However, he wouldn't budge when it came to my safety. I have no idea what he's going to do if he found out that I traveled to Yale by myself and did all of these dangerous feats.
"What matters is that we resolve this issue about the chip as fast as we can. If we can do it fast, then we won't arouse his suspicion." Collin was still very worried that this incident would undermine the relationship between Bonnie and Ivor.
'After all, it's no easy feat for someone like her to get married. As her assistant, I must preserve her marriage at every turn!
"Okay. Got it." She pursed her lips and said, "I have the time right now. Get my phone and call Ivor now. I'm going to talk to him through your phone."
"Alright, chief." Collin had just pulled out Bonnie's phone and was about to give Ivor a call, but he heard her voice again.
"Remember, don't make any strange noises while I'm talking to him. It would be over if he asked for a video call."
###Chapter 1187
Given Bonnie's current situation, she could never trick Ivor if he asked for a video call.
"You got it, chief. I promise I'll behave and won't make any noises." She might not have been able to see it, but he raised his hand and swore an oath nonetheless. "Okay." She replied dryly. "Just remember what I said. Also, get my phone and call Ivor now." She missed her husband quite a lot.
Collin heard what she said and couldn't help but make fun of her, "Roger, chief. Would you listen to yourself, though? I can hear the eagerness in your voice." Bonnie rolled her eyes so hard they might pop. "You're just a poor, single fellow. What would you know? Cut your crap and do what I said. Call him now."
"Alrighty." He responded leisurely, his voice thick with playfulness.
Ivor heard his phone buzzing. Seeing Bonnie's name on his phone, a hint of excitement flashed in his eyes.
Floyd stood next to him and noticed that his master hadn't answered the phone call for a long time. He couldn't help but ask, puzzled, "Haven't you been looking forward to Ms. Bonnie's call? Why aren't you picking it up?"
Ivor took a deep breath and barely managed to suppress the indescribable emotions rising in his chest.
"I can't explain it, but I was a little nervous when I saw her name popping up on my phone. I'll have to compose myself before I answer her call."
Floyd couldn't help but twitch his lips in response.
"You have been married for quite some time now, Mr. Ivor. It's just a phone call. There's nothing to be nervous about."
"You wouldn't get it." Ivor gave him a sharp glance, signaling for him to shut his mouth.
Floyd quickly fell into silence.
'As a matter of that, I have no words to describe how I feel right now. It's like we've been away for such a long time that I'm back to the moment when Bonnie agreed to be my girlfriend.'
'I'm feeling this nervousness now. I'm worried I might stutter because I'm so on edge. I should take some time to compose myself.'
Collin thought Ivor would answer Bonnie's call immediately. Now, however, the phone had been ringing for a long time, but no one was answering.
He couldn't help but frown. "What's going on, chief? Why isn't Ivor picking up the call?"
Bonnie's brow furrowed as well. "Perhaps he's busy or something. It's fine. We'll just wait for a while."
She might've said what she said, but even she was finding Ivor's behavior a tad unusual.
Collin was still trying to figure out what was going on when a bold thought cropped up in his mind.
"Do you think Ivor is already on his way back to Pyralis to check on you, chief?"
###Chapter 1188
Bonnie's heart skipped a beat. "Probably not."
'Well, I have to say that that would be something Ivor would do. So, I can't be sure about it.'
"What are we going to do if he takes a flight back to Pyralis, but you're not there?" Collin was pacing back and forth, anxious on his chief's behalf. "You're behind enemy lines right now. There's no way you could fly back home now!
"No excuses would work if you're not even in Pyralis! Gosh. What are we going to do?" He was so anxious that he was scratching his ears and cheeks.
"Calm down, Collin. I'll think of something." Bonnie rubbed her brow. She was having a headache.
"I-Is there any way around it, though?" He scratched his head, but he couldn't think of any solution to this predicament.
"I'll just tell him the truth if it comes down to it!"
'I kept this a secret from Ivor because this identity of mine is involved with international organizations, with complicated internal structures. So, I didn't want to drag him into it, thereby putting him in danger. I'll tell him the truth if I really don't have a choice.'
"I don't think it's a good idea to tell him the truth..."
All of a sudden, Collin's eyes widened. He was about to say something, but he saw out of the corner of his eye that Ivor answered the call.
At the next moment, he heard Ivor's charming voice.
"Hey, Bonnie."
She let out a sigh of relief, cleared her throat, and said, "I'm here. What's the matter? Toby told me that you're very anxious to talk to me on the phone. Did something happen with your work trip?"
'If Ivor answered the call, it means that he didn't take a flight back to Pyralis, as both Collin and I presumed. However, this call made me realize something.
'He might've gone on a work trip overseas, but he's far closer to Pyralis than I am. After all, I'm in Yale. He could always take a flight back home anytime he wanted.
'I can't afford to keep this under wraps for long. If I don't retrieve the chip as soon as possible, Ivor might find out about it.'
"So, you do know I'm anxious to talk to you. Why didn't you answer, then?" Ivor's tone was thick with helplessness.
She pretended to respond solemnly, "You do know that I'm working on a huge project. I intend to finish what I started, and I dislike it when people interrupt me, especially when it comes to my research. All it takes is to be distracted for a second, and I might make a mistake."
"Aren't you worried that I'm calling you because something bad happened to me?"
He might've known what she was like, but that didn't change the fact that he was slightly dissatisfied. After all, Bonnie valued her research more than her husband.
His displeasure intensified when he thought about how she didn't answer his call, even though they hadn't met each other for a long time.
Bonnie could tell he was feeling helpless. So, she soothed him. "I know your capabilities well. On top of that, you care a lot about me. So, I'm certain you won't let anything happen to yourself."
"Remember what you said? You would practically be giving me away if you let anything happen to you. I've taken this to heart. That's why I'm not at all worried about you letting yourself get hurt." What she said had pleased Ivor greatly. He couldn't have stopped his lips from curling into a grin, even if he tried.
###Chapter 1189
"Are you saying that you understand me well and that's the reason you chose to finish your research and ignored my call? I'm sorry, but I don't think I can accept that," Ivor said.
Bonnie heard a hint of pride in his voice and couldn't help but giggle. "What's the matter? Isn't it nice that I know you well? Were you hoping that I don't?"
"That's not what I mean." He explained hastily.
In fact, she knew what he meant. She was just messing with him. "What are you trying to say, then?"
"I don't want you to choose research over me. That's all." His tone became humble. "I'm your husband and your darling. If you care more about some research than you do about me, then I'm going to be jealous."
"Jealous?" She grinned as she continued to make fun of him leisurely. "What do you mean? Are you going to be jealous because I spend time on my research?
"The entire Arvandor is waiting for me to develop something. I can't stop conducting my research now, can I?"
Ivor remained quiet and didn't say anything back.
'Bonnie's making a fine point. After all, she's not just any ordinary researcher. The entire Arvandor needs to protect her. It would be too selfish of me to make her slow down her research for my sake.' She noticed he didn't respond to him after a long time. So, she asked with a smile, "Why aren't you saying anything?"
"I'm contemplating what you said because it makes a lot of sense." Ivor reflected on his immature grievance. "I gave it a long thought and concluded that I was wrong to say what I said. I won't repeat the same mistake."
Bonnie couldn't resist laughing. "You can be jealous of anything except my research."
He cleared his throat. "It's true. From time to time, I'd feel awful because you care more about your research than you do about me. However, I'm going to keep this feeling with me and not say it out. "After all, I'm the science prodigy's husband. I have to sacrifice myself a little for the greater good."
"Pfft!" Collin didn't count on Ivor being this amusing when he talked to Bonnie. He almost laughed out loud, but he realized quickly that the latter would hear him. So, he covered his mouth hastily and stifled his laughter.
He offered a silent prayer, hoping that Ivor did not hear his brief laughter and start suspecting that something was amiss.
After all, Bonnie was having a hard time keeping the whole thing a secret from Ivor. If he ended up ruining the whole thing, she'd surely have his head.
Ivor heard the soft laughter, and asked, confused, "Who's snorting there, Bonnie?"
He didn't think it was Bonnie because that wasn't how she usually laughed.
She realized that too. So, she didn't say that it was her who laughed. Instead, she made up a story and said it was someone else.
"It's one of the new researchers the institute hired. He passed by earlier and couldn't help but laugh because he found our conversation funny."
###Chapter 1190
"Really?" Ivor didn't trust her fully.
'I'm happy to be able to talk to Bonnie on the phone, but I can't shake the feeling that something is off. I couldn't have dismissed it if I tried.'
"Yeah. Do you think I would've lied to you over something so insignificant?" Bonnie's voice was very calm and unfazed.
He remained quiet for a moment and put up a small request.
"Can you ask him to say hello to me, then? I'm the science prodigy's husband. Your new researchers should know who I am. Otherwise, he might not recognize me when I visit your research institute in the future."
'What on earth is he playing at?' Bonnie thought to herself, 'I'll have to ask Collin to pretend to be the new researcher and have him introduce himself to Ivor.
'After all, Collin deserves it. He's the one who accidentally laughed. Why else would Ivor become suspicious?'
She cleared her throat and pretended as if there was someone next to her. She said, "Did you hear that, Allen? Come over quickly and say hello to Ivor."
Collin had already wiped the smile off his face. He adopted a respectful attitude immediately and talked to Ivor on the phone.
"G-Greetings, Mr. Ivor."
"Mm-hmm." He responded dryly. Then, he asked, "Are you one of the new staff at Bonnie's new research institute? When were you hired? Also, where's the place located?"
'Why would he ask such detailed questions? He should've asked me about it, not my researcher. Dang it. I've underestimated how meticulous he can be!'
"Why are you bombarding him with so many questions? Are you trying to do a background check? How do you expect him to give you the answers?" Her tone carried a hint of sarcasm.
Realizing that Bonnie was a little upset, he firmly believed that something was wrong. So, he insisted on getting the answers to his questions.
"I just asked him three questions. Also, aren't these common questions? If he can't even answer them, that'd make me wonder if he's really someone from your research institute." Ivor was being very straightforward now.
'The last thing I want to do is to suspect her. However, there are too many weird things going on for me to ignore.
'I still believe that Bonnie would never do anything unfaithful to me. However, I am worried that she's doing something dangerous and not telling me about it.'
She caught his meaning and scoffed, "Tell me, then. Who else could he be if not one of my researchers?"
"Isn't this what I'm asking him now? I'll only know the answer after he answers me. After all, I'm not with you now. I can only relax after my questions are answered." Ivor asked leisurely. "You don't mind, do you honey?"
Bonnie heard what he said and fell into deep thought.
'Ivor's very good at speaking. If I tell him that I do mind, then it's going to rouse his suspicion more. He just might become so worked up that and takes a flight back to Pyralis and checks on me.
'I'm giving him this call to calm him down, so he can focus on his work overseas. I certainly don't want to unnerve him.'
At the thought of it, her tone grew softer when she spoke.
###Chapter 1191
"Why, I don't mind, of course. Aren't these common questions? It doesn't bother me at all."
Bonnie said to Collin, who was at the other end of the phone, "Hurry up and answer Ivor's question, Allen."
Her tone carried a hint of warning, which made him wipe sweat from his forehead.
"Um... I joined the research institute a couple of days ago, Mr. Ivor. O-Our new research institute is located at Ridge Road. You'll find it halfway up the mountain in the countryside. Y-You're free to visit us anytime you want."
This was the first time he had dealt with such a situation. He felt extremely awkward. Even his response sounded stiff.
'If I had known this would happen, I would've stifled my laughter at all costs! I brought this on myself. If I don't handle this well, Bonnie will undoubtedly kill me later!'
"Wonderful. I'm certainly going to swing by the new research institute as soon as I'm back from my work trip." Ivor said, a hint of suspicion flashed in his eyes.
'Why does this Allen character's voice sound so familiar to me? Where have I heard it before? He might've stuttered, but I honestly think he sounded familiar, which means I did hear his voice somewhere. 'However, Allen is a new researcher at Bonnie's research institute. Why would I have heard his voice before?'
"Y-You're welcome here anytime," Collin said and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
He kept praying silently. 'Please. Stop asking me questions. I'm not sure if I can hold on any longer if he keeps hounding me. If I answered wrongly, Bonnie is going to knock me into next week. Come on, Ivor. Have mercy on me!'
Ivor listened to Collin's voice again and found it extremely familiar. It felt as if he had heard it before.
"What's with the 'welcome' stuff? My honey is there. You can bet I'm going to drop by sometime."
Bonnie's ears reddened. 'Ivor is such a shameless guy! He just calls me with these endearing terms while he's talking with an outsider.'
Collin chuckled dryly, unsure of how to respond to Ivor.
Ivor paused for a moment before he asked again. "I've been with my wife for a long time. During that time, I picked up a thing or two about scientific research. I'm in the mood to quiz you. Are you up for the challenge, I wonder?"
Both Bonnie and Collin forgot to breathe for a second.
'I didn't count on him giving Collin a quiz. Collin had always run the Nidhogg for me. He has virtually no knowledge of the world of scientific research.
'If Ivor asks him about some deep questions in that area, he'd surely fail in answering them!'
Realizing that Collin had not responded to him after a long time, Ivor's eyes grew darker.
"What's the matter, Allen? You're a scientific researcher. Are you honestly worried about the kind of questions I'm going to ask you? I'm not even from your field."
###Chapter 1192
"Um..." Collin was sweating bullets now. He wasn't just sweating on the forehead. His back was also drenched with sweat.
Just as he was stumped and had no idea how to proceed, he heard Bonnie's voice.
"Like you said, he's a scientific researcher. I handpicked him to join the research institute. Naturally, he wields an extensive knowledge in the field. Do you think a couple of questions are going to unnerve him? "He is a shy person, though. Just go ahead and ask him anything you want."
Collin remained quiet and didn't say anything.
'Doesn't Bonnie know she's overestimating my ability right now? I have virtually no knowledge of the world of scientific research. I might know less than Ivor. How am I supposed to answer his questions? 'Why did I have to laugh earlier? Why?!'
At the thought of that, he heard his phone buzzing. Lowering his head, he looked at it and saw that it was a text from Bonnie.
"You have me if the questions are too tough to answer. What are you panicking about? He'll quiz you, and I'll send you the answer through texts. All you have to do is read my texts. Got it?"
'Ivor's quizzes might be too difficult for me, but it could never stump Bonnie.'
Collin read her text and thought it was such a wonderful idea that he almost shouted out of joy.
However, Ivor was still on the phone. So, he suppressed the excitement and replied to her text with trembling fingers.
"This is an extremely fantastic idea, chief! Why couldn't I think of it? You're way too intelligent, chief!"
"That's enough with the flattery! I'll consider myself lucky if you can work with me and dispel Ivor's suspicion!" She rolled her eyes as she texted.
'I can't believe I have to clean up Collin's messes. What the hell is this?
'Ivor was already suspecting me. Good on Collin on making things worse for me.'
Then, Collin sent her an embarrassed emoticon before texting her, "You can count on me, chief. This time, I'm going to follow your instructions to the letter! I swear, I won't stir up more trouble for you!" "Great..." The ellipsis in her text conveyed just how annoyed she was.
Both of them were still texting when Ivor started his quiz.
The first few questions were rather basic. So, Collin was able to answer them without Bonnie's help. Then, Ivor's questions became harder. However, it just so happened that Collin had learned about them with her. So, he managed to handle them by himself, too.
Ivor had tested Collin with several questions, and the latter was able to answer all of them. Moreover, Collin got all of them right. There was no room for Ivor to nitpick, either.
Ivor didn't have extensive knowledge of scientific research, either. All the questions he formulated were based on the documents he saw Bonnie reading all the time.
His initial purpose for probing Collin was to make sure if the guy was really a researcher at her institute. He was also worried that Bonnie was elsewhere and tried to use Collin as an alibi.
Now that Collin was able to get every question right, his suspicion faded for the time being.
###Chapter 1193
The more Ivor spoke to Collin, the more he found his voice familiar. But for the life of him, he couldn't recall where exactly he had heard it.
Realizing that Collin had successfully answered all of Ivor's questions, Bonnie felt a weight lifted.
She made fun of him. "Is this why you're calling me? I mean, did you call me to chat with me or my new researcher? Should I just give Allen's number to you so you could have some alone time?" Ivor explained hurriedly, "I called you to chat with you, Bonnie."
"Really?" A hint of mischief flashed in her eyes. "So, why do I feel like you spent more time chatting with Allen?"
"Well, that's because you rarely tell me about what's going on in your life. So, I have to ask other people how you've been doing." Ivor made up a great excuse for him to keep probing around. He was lying with a straight face.
She saw through him, but she didn't put him on the spot.
"Well, you guys don't have to get along so well. The way I see it, you guys are having such a good chat that you've forgotten about me." She deliberately distracted him so he'd forget about probing her altogether.
Ivor scoffed. "Listen to yourself, Bonnie. Are you getting jealous? Do you find it distasteful that I'm hitting it off with someone else?"
'What a narcissistic man!' Bonnie rolled her eyes. She might've chastised him internally, but she went along with him and continued the conversation.
"What's there to be jealous about? However, it's been such a long time since we've seen each other. You can't deny that the moment you did call me, you got along with someone else so well..." She trailed off in silence on purpose and succeeded in making him feel guilty.
'This is the first time in a long time I'm calling her, and yet I interrogated her. I've handled it poorly.'
"I'm sorry, Bonnie. I'm going to stop chatting with Allen, then. Let us have a good chat, instead."
That was when she knew she had successfully diverted the topic. Letting out a sigh of relief internally, she said, "Is this the part where you're trying to soothe me? Shouldn't you have done this earlier?" He smiled and said, "I'm sorry. It's all my fault."
Bonnie was aware she shouldn't press further, so she dropped the matter and said something else, "How did it go with your collaboration? What time do you think you'll return to Pyralis?" Ivor's lips curled into a grin as affection filled his eyes. "What's the matter? Are you missing me already?"
"Would you please cut it with that crap? Why can't you just answer my question?"
'I need to know when he's going back to Pyralis, so I can speed things up with Billy and fly back home before he does.
'With that said, I've been away from Ivor for such a long time now. I do miss him a little. I'd be lying if I said I didn't look forward to wrapping up the stuff about the chip and reuniting with him.
'I'm going to make sure I stay with him for a good chunk of time and make up for the time we've been apart from each other."
###Chapter 1194
"I have to know the purpose of your question before I can give you an answer." Ivor's tone carried a hint of humor.
Bonnie rolled her eyes again and said, "There you go with your smart mouth again. Are you going to tell me? I'm going to hang up now if you don't."
"Don't hang up, Bonnie."
Ivor was worried that she might end the call for real and stopped her at once. It had been so long since he heard her voice. Naturally, he wanted to talk to her longer.
She pretended to be upset. "Well, you're the one not answering my question."
Rubbing his eyebrows, he sighed helplessly. "Things got a little complicated here. So, I have no idea how much longer it's going to take until I can go back to Pyralis and be with you."
She could hear the helplessness in his voice. A hint of concern flashed in her eyes. "Didn't you say you ran into some tricky issues? Are you still struggling with the same problem? Just lay it on me, and I'll see if I can help you."
'I know I'm in Yale right now, but I have a vast, strong social network. All he has to do is ask for my help, and I'll use every connection at my disposal to resolve the issue he's facing!'
"It's okay, Bonnie. I can handle it myself." Ivor heard the concern in her voice and felt a warmth rising in his chest.
"It is indeed a tricky issue, but it's not a big deal. It's just that I have to spend more time to deal with it. All I have to do now is wait for the perfect opportunity and the issue will be resolved."
'Technically, this isn't a lie. All I have to do now is wait for Mr. Boyd to infiltrate Billy's organization and get the chip. Then, it'll be our turn to move in and back him up.
'Once he got the chip, the whole thing will be over. Then, I'll be able to fly back to Pyralis to keep Bonnie company. As for how long it's going to take... Well, I'm not too sure about that. All I can do now is wait for Mr. Boyd's update.'
"Are you serious?" Bonnie frowned. "Don't try to pull one over on me! You're done for if I find out that you lied to me!"
He turned his head and coughed uneasily, a hint of guilt flashed in his eyes.
"Ahem. You overestimated me, Bonnie. Do you think I dare to fool you?"
She spoke sarcastically, "Heh... Are you forgetting that you've lied to me on numerous occasions?"
Ivor didn't know what to say. After a brief moment, he tried to defend himself, "I've only lied to you sometimes because I'm trying to protect you."
"What a bunch of crap." Bonnie didn't intend to waste more time on him. "It's fine if you don't want to tell me about it now. However, I want to know about it if you run into any danger. Are you safe right now?" He responded confidently, "I'm perfectly safe right now. I assure you that I won't run into any dangers!"
He relaxed his tone when he spoke next, "I'm only on a work trip. So, these are just squabbles with my colleagues. It won't come close to any life-threatening situations. You don't have to worry about me, Bonnie."
"It's hard to predict what people think. You're so far from home, too. It pays to tread more carefully. You can't afford to be careless, Ivor." She could tell that he was safe from his confident tone. However, she still felt a little worried. So, she couldn't help but remind him of it again.
"You got it, Bonnie. I'll stay safe. You also must take good care of yourself back home. Wait for me. I'll be home before you know it." Ivor's tone was filled with affection as he spoke. 'How I wish I could fly back to her side and give her a big hug. However, I can't do that with my current circumstances.
'All I can do is wait..."
###Chapter 1195
"I know that. You, too. Stay safe and take good care of yourself." Bonnie couldn't quite grasp it, but she was experiencing this sadness out of nowhere. 'If only Ivor is by my side now...'
She knew with perfect clarity that she missed him very much.
'This only means I have to speed things up with Billy and the chip, so I can take a flight back to Pyralis as soon as possible.'
"Alright. I'll keep that in mind." Ivor responded.
All of a sudden, he didn't know what he should say to her. After all, his thoughts couldn't be conveyed through the phone. Sometimes, a hug speaks more than a thousand words.
Bonnie had no idea what to say to him, either. Both of them fell into silence and didn't utter a single word for a long time.
In the end, she broke the silence. "Um... You have to wrap up your work as fast as you can. I'll be waiting for you here at Pyralis. I'm needed at my research institute now, though. So, I'm going to hang up."
She checked her watch and realized that it was about time for dinner.
Bonnie was aware that Billy had disguised his test as a dinner. However, she still couldn't figure out how he would test her.
She had to make some preparations nonetheless. Otherwise, she just might fall into Billy's traps.
"Are you hanging up so soon?" Ivor sighed heavily.
"Listen to yourself. You're making it sound as if we're not going to meet again! Come on. We're just away from each other for the time being.
"If you miss me that much, you can focus on wrapping up your work as soon as you can. Like I said, I'm waiting for you at Pyralis. I'm not going anywhere!"
Bonnie felt guilty about what she said. That's because she was bogged down with a tricky issue herself, and she wasn't close to resolving it.
However, she had to comfort Ivor.
"Alright! I'll try to solve my issues here and come back home as fast as I can." Ivor responded. He thought he'd have a word with Mr. Boyd to move faster with the plan.
He was about to say something to Bonnie, but he heard the beeping sound from the other end of the phone.
She had hung up the call.
He called her again, but she didn't answer it. He proceeded to call her several times more, but he still received no answer.
Ivor frowned at the lack of response.
'If Bonnie were in her research institute, she would not have abruptly hung up the phone and refused to answer my call.
'The way that she ended the call, it almost felt like she was worried someone would overhear our conversation. What on earth is going on here?'
The longer Ivor thought about it, the gloomier his expression became.
Floyd saw it and couldn't help but comfort his boss, "I think Ms. Bonnie needs to handle some emergency, Mr. Ivor. Let's calm down and wait for a minute."
Ivor's frown grew deeper at what he said. Lowering his inexplicable gaze, he began to contemplate the situation.
"Say... Is it possible that Bonnie isn't in her research institute? Perhaps she's somewhere else?"
###Chapter 1196
"Is that even possible? Where else could Ms. Bonnie go other than her research institute?" Floyd didn't think it was likely at all. "Don't you think she ended the call abruptly because there's an emergency at her institute?"
"She might've been occupied with her work at the research institute, but she wouldn't be so busy that she couldn't pick up my call." He pursed his lips, looking displeased. "Now, she even hung up my call abruptly. This has never happened before."
Floyd looked at Ivor's gloomy expression and said, "Think about it, Mr. Ivor. Ms. Bonnie is the world-renowned Ms. Bonita. She's the backbone of her research institute.
"She even has a new researcher now. Her attention and presence are required all over the research institute. Isn't it normal for her to hang up on you abruptly?
"You saw with your own eyes how she was back at Pyralis. The moment she started working, she'd lock herself in the research lab for days on end. She'd even forget about having meals sometimes. "So, I'm sure that she was simply too busy. You should stop overthinking it, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor was still feeling quite skeptical about the whole thing, but he had to admit that Floyd was making a solid point.
'After all, Bonnie throws her heart and soul into her work. She'd even forget about eating and sleeping. Nothing could distract her.
'It's common for her to be this busy at work. For that matter, I've always been supportive of her, too. It's just that I had a strong feeling ever since I came to Yale. It's telling me that Bonnie is probably not in Pyralis.
'Is it possible that we've been away from each other for too long? Is that why I feel insecure and begin to read too much into things?'
Meanwhile, Floyd thought Ivor was forgetting something. He reminded him, "Moreover, you're not where you told Ms. Bonnie. You're in Yale instead. What if you're showing too much eagerness to see her? "Haven't you thought that she might fly over to where your alleged work trip is and give you a surprise as soon as she was done with her project at the research institute?"
Ivor frowned and fell into deep thought.
"I was thinking about Bonnie so much that I forgot about my situation. Mr. Boyd has infiltrated Billy's organization. He needs me and the Dark Knight to back him up at any given moment. That means I can't leave Yale, either."
"That's right, Mr. Ivor. Again, think about it. You're the one who's lying to Ms. Bonnie right now. What if she ended up learning about the truth as well as the way you've been probing her?"
Floyd imagined how pissed off she would be as he spoke. He couldn't help but have goosebumps.
"It's not that hard to imagine how she'd react."
"That's enough." Ivor rubbed his eyebrows and felt a headache coming up. "Stop speaking. I know all about it."
"My point is, you know Ms. Bonnie better than I do, Mr. Ivor. So, it's up to you how you want to deal with it." Floyd knew that both of them had a very good relationship. The last thing he wanted was for this incident to unravel it.
"Okay," Ivor responded dryly and he rubbed his brow again. Obviously, this was an extremely tricky issue for him.
He remained silent for a brief moment. Then, something occurred to him, and he looked at Floyd before asking, "Say, Floyd. Do you remember me talking to a guy named Allen earlier? Do you find his voice a little familiar?"
"Allen?" Floyd cast his mind back and said, "His voice did sound a little familiar, but I couldn't put my finger on it when I heard it."
"I also think he sounded familiar, but I can't figure out where I've heard it, either." Ivor frowned and started searching in his memories. Be that as it may, he couldn't pinpoint the exact time when he heard Collin's voice.
It felt so familiar, but, for the life of him, he just couldn't recall it.
'How weird. This has never happened in my entire life. I should have had some sort of recollection if I've heard his voice before. However, my mind drew a blank when I tried to actually recall it. 'What on earth is going on here...?'
Bonnie was still in the middle of her phone call with Ivor when Francesco showed up out of nowhere and knocked on her door.
"Are you in there, Barrett?"
###Chapter 1197
'How is it that people get in my way every time I talk to Ivor on the phone?'
Her delicate brows furrowed, and her eyes filled with displeasure. She was irritated that someone interrupted her phone call, but she thought about where she was and put down her phone. Walking over, she opened the door and asked, "What is it?"
Francesco came to fetch Bonnie with a smile. However, he was shocked immediately when he sensed the coldness coming off of her. "U-Um... Barrett... Well..."
She grew more impatient when she heard him stammering. "Out with it."
He was so intimidated that he took a step back.
"Um... Mr. Billy wants to ask you if there's any food we should stay away from. Perhaps you can give us a list of the food you want to eat so he could ask the kitchen to make it." Although Francesco was a little suspicious of the sudden, imposing aura Bonnie was emanating, he knew Billy valued her highly. So, he didn't dare show her any disrespect.
He made a mental note that he'd tell his boss about it when he got back. Billy could decide what to make of it.
"I can eat anything. Just tell Billy he can ask the kitchen to make anything." She said.
Then, she couldn't help but squint when she saw that Francesco was still standing there. "Is there anything else?"
He was stunned for a while before he shook his head and responded, "T-That's all. I'm going to report this to Mr. Billy now."
"Okay." She responded dryly and watched as Francesco left. Her lips curled into a mysterious grin.
In fact, there was another reason why she displayed some impatience toward him, aside from interrupting her call with Ivor.
More importantly, she did it for Billy.
'Now that he gradually values me, I know that he definitely won't like it if I'm too polite and submissive.
'I demonstrated a small part of my aggression, so Billy would know that I'm not someone who will let people walk all over me. If my assumptions are correct, Francesco is going to report the way I've acted to Billy.
'Not only would Billy not reprimand me, but he'd come to admire me more.'
On the other side, Francesco had just told his leader everything.
He had talked for a long time, thinking that Billy might be upset and show some displeasure, at least.
However, Billy's reaction shocked his henchman.
He laughed throatily. There was no sign of anger or displeasure on his face. On the contrary, he was very delighted, as if he had just heard something worth celebrating for.
###Chapter 1198
Francesco was stunned. He hadn't the foggiest clue about what was happening.
'Billy should've angrily summoned Bonnie and given her hell for acting so arrogantly. So, why is he not upset at all?'
Scratching the back of his head, Francesco asked, puzzled, "What are you laughing at, Mr. Billy? A-Aren't you supposed to be angry?"
"Angry?" Billy wiped the smile off his face and looked at Francesco. "Why should I be angry?"
"Well..." Francesco monitored his leader's expression carefully. He hesitated for a brief moment before saying, "Didn't Barrett start acting cockily not long after he's got your stamp of approval? I-If you don't teach him a lesson now, he'll continue to do and say whatever he wants-"
Before he could finish his sentence, Billy cut him off.
"Why are you saying that he's acting cockily? Is this because he spoke rudely to you? Are you jealous of Barrett because I like him?"
Francesco saw his leader's menacing expression and felt sweat drenching the back of his body. He was stuttering when he spoke again.
"T-That's not what I mean, Mr. Billy. I-I'm just worried that Barrett might dismiss your authority in the future."
Billy snorted coldly. "Do you think I'm a fool? What makes you think this is something you need to worry about?"
Francesco had no idea what he said wrong, but he could sense that Barrett was Billy's favorite. So, he didn't dare to say more on the subject. Instead, he hung his head.
Billy saw it and knitted his brows tightly.
"Raise your freaking head!"
He spoke furiously and scared Francesco witless. The latter couldn't help but tremble.
Then, Francesco gulped heavily before mustering up the courage to raise his head slowly. "I-Is there anything you need, Mr. Billy?"
Billy's frown grew deeper when he saw that Francesco still looked puzzled. "Do you seriously have no idea what you did wrong?"
Francesco gave it a long thought, but, for the life of him, he couldn't figure out what he had done wrong. Then, he looked at Billy and shook his head. "I-I'm not sure if I get it."
"You're such a moron, Francesco! It would take a miracle for you to see it!" Billy glared at him, the disdain in his expression was unmistakable.
It took Francesco to raise his head earlier. Now, however, he lowered it again.
Billy shook his head. He might've found Francesco in disdain, but the man had worked for him for a long time. So, he proceeded to explain it to him.
"Barrett is highly intelligent. He also knows how to read the situation and react accordingly. He's aware that he's got my stamp of approval. That's why he started treating you differently.
"This is his way of testing me. He wanted to find out just how much I valued him. More importantly, he wants to know if I value him more than I do you."
Francesco frowned. He was about to say something when he heard Billy's voice again.
"Not only does he know how to perceive the human mind, but he also knows how to use it to his advantage. He's truly meant to do big things! After all, have you ever seen someone submissive do incredible things? Are people who grovel destined for greatness?"
Francesco still didn't quite get it.
"You say that, Mr. Billy, but he appeared to be very grateful to you. Then, out of nowhere, he started acting cockily... It feels more like he couldn't keep up the pretense anymore and his true colors are starting to shine."
###Chapter 1199
'That's not all of it, either. Barrett is also emanating this imposing aura in the most natural way that it tells me we're not in the same league as he is,' Francesco thought to himself.
Billy thought that Francesco was beyond help. He had made it crystal clear, and yet the latter still didn't get it. "Why don't you tell me, then? Aside from this, what else do you see in Barrett that's unusual?" Francesco gave it a long thought and shook his head gently. "I don't think there is."
"What's the problem, then? Barrett is at a stage in his life where he'll start showing some sharp talents and act cocky for it. This also tells us that he's treating the people in our organization as one of his own. "Otherwise, he would've treated you with politeness and formality. Why else did you think she treated you that harshly?" Billy said and thought to himself,
'I've literally spelled it out for him. He has to get it now!'
Francesco pondered it and thought his leader was making a fine point. However, he still had a subtle feeling that something was wrong.
"But-"
Before he could finish, Billy cut him off impatiently. "That's enough! I won't comment further on the subject. If you get it, great. If you don't, then we're done here! Also, don't bother me with such trivial matters in the future."
What Billy said clearly reflected his disdain for Francesco for being the moron that he was.
'How am I not supposed to be frustrated with him? He has worked for me for a long time, and yet he hasn't learned a single thing. He's not even half as smart as Barrett is!
Billy was even more sure of himself now. He was going to groom Barrett as his second-in-command.
'Needless to say, I have some extremely capable henchmen in my organization, but none of them are anywhere close to Barrett.
'If I could win his loyalty and get him to work for me with all his heart and soul, I'm sure Barrett will help me rule over the rest of the international organizations. He'd become my extremely capable assistant! "Understood, Mr. Billy. I won't tell you anything that isn't worth your time in the future."
Flat out of options, Francesco went along with what Billy said.
Billy relaxed a little. "Alright. Get back to your work. You don't have to worry about the other stuff."
Francesco nodded in response. "Understood, Mr. Billy."
Everything went as Bonnie had predicted.
She had emanated her authoritative aura as well as treated Francesco harshly. All of these had made Billy like her even more than he already did.
With all of these in mind, it would've been a piece of cake for her to get her hands on the chip.
Needless to say, she had no idea what went down exactly after Francesco reported it to Billy. However, Billy didn't send anyone to her room after that. That gave her a pretty good picture of what happened. To put it short, everything was going according to Bonnie's expectations. So, she wasn't worried about it one bit.
Bonnie went over to lock the door before giving Collin a call.
Once the call connected, she heard Collin's anxious voice over the phone. "Why did you hang up the phone all of a sudden, chief? Ivor went on to call you several times after that, but I didn't dare answer them. "Do you think ending the call abruptly and not answering his subsequent calls would rouse his suspicion more?"
Bonnie rubbed her brow, a hint of exhaustion could be seen in her expression.
"There's nothing we can do about it. All we can do is think on our feet. It'll be best if we can dispel his suspicion. If we can't, however, then we'll just have to think of another way."
###Chapter 1200
Collin could hear the exhaustion in Bonnie's tone and couldn't help but worry about her.
"It must've been very tiring, chief. You have to keep your guard up against Billy and prevent them from finding out about you.
"At the same time, you have to soothe Ivor and make him think that you're in Pyralis. I would love to help you with some of your issues if I could, but I'm not capable enough to do it." 'Chief used to help me so many times when I was facing difficulties. Now, however, I am powerless to help her when she's in a pinch. This is an awful feeling to have.'
"I don't feel overwhelmed or anything." Bonnie let out a sigh of relief. "I just hope everything will run smoothly in the end."
Collin comforted her, "I know they will, chief."
"Mm-hmm." Bonnie responded faintly, "Dial Ivor's number with my phone now. I'll explain it to him."
She might've seemed calm, but her hand was covered in sweat.
'The truth is, I was a little panicked when I met with this kind of emergency. I wonder if Ivor would interrogate me the same way he did earlier.
'It's not a big deal if he did. What matters is that I can trick him and keep all of this a secret again. Nothing else matters.'
"Alright," Collin responded. Then, he took her phone and called Ivor again.
It took Ivor less than a second to pick up the phone. Then, both of them heard his charming voice from the other end of the phone.
"Why did you hang up all of a sudden, Bonnie? I gave you several calls, but you didn't answer me, either. Did something happen at your research institute?"
She had been racking her brain to come up with an excuse that would help her keep the whole thing a secret. Now that she heard what he said, a sparkle flashed in her eyes. Then, she played along. "Y-Yeah. There was a minor accident during the research. The new guy mixed up the reagent and used the wrong one. He very nearly ruined the entire research. It took everything I had to save it." Then, she faked a weary sigh. "Looks like I can't let them participate in the research if they're not sufficiently trained. Otherwise, they might undo everything I've worked for."
Ivor heard what she said and recalled what Toby told him. "If memory serves me right, Toby said this is a huge project. Why would you let an amateur participate in this research?"
A hint of guilt flashed in her eyes, then she covered her mouth and coughed a little before saying,
"You're right. It's important research. It's a brand-new challenge to me as well as my researchers. I thought I'd bring the new researchers into the institute and train them on the job. I didn't expect them to make such a blunder!"
At first, Ivor found the whole thing strange. Now that he heard her explanation, he immediately understood what had happened.
"So, that's what it is. This is quite a serious issue you're having here. Just make them observe you the next time you conduct an experiment. Don't let them participate in it until they're sufficiently proficient. Otherwise, they might botch the research you've painstakingly built up."
She nodded in approval. "You're speaking my mind, Ivor."
"I'm sorry, Bonnie. I shouldn't have questioned you earlier." Ivor had thought about what Collin said and reflected on his mistake while he waited by the phone.
"You're right. If I want to meet you as soon as possible, I should hurry up and finish my work so I can return to Pyralis and be with you. That'll reduce a lot of suspicion between us."
###Chapter 1201
Ivor pondered, 'Bonnie was conducting research in Pyralis, but I was suspicious of her. Of course, she'd get mad. I'm the issue in this situation. There's only one way to solve it. I need to settle the chip fiasco quickly and return to her.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie did not expect him to apologize. A hint of curiosity flashed in her eyes before she felt guilty. After all, she lied to him even though she told him not to lie. Ultimately, she became a hypocrite. Even so, Bonnie had a good reason for it. She knew her husband would have been worried if she had told him the truth.
"That's right. If you miss me, you should finish your work quickly and return to me as soon as possible. That's how you'll solve our issue," Bonnie continued after a brief pause, "You know, there's no issue between us. You just keep worrying about me.
"You're not in Pyralis, so I understand if you grow suspicious. Still, I'll repeat what I said. I wish you'd trust me more."
Her words made Ivor think more deeply. He pursed his lips and said, "You're right, honey. I'm sorry I acted this way. It's all my fault. I hope you're not mad at me."
"Ivor, we've known each other for a long time. Do you think I don't understand you? We've already discussed it, so I have nothing to be mad about," the more Bonnie talked, the guiltier she felt.
She felt the same way Ivor did. Although he feared she would get mad, she was also concerned he would get upset if he discovered she was in Yale and not Pyralis.
'Keeping all these secrets is tormenting me,' Bonnie thought, 'I don't want to rack my brain constantly lying to my husband. Still, the consequences of this incident are too far-reaching and involve international organizations.'
The last thing Bonnie wanted was for Ivor to discover all this and get dragged into its dangers. Otherwise, she would have told him about it sooner.
Ivor agreed, "I'm sorry. I guess I've been oversensitive because we've been away from each other for too long. I'll try to stop overthinking things and return to Pyralis when I finish my work here." Bonnie softened her tone, replying, "All right, I'll be waiting for you here. Come home soon, dear."
Ivor was momentarily speechless. He only wanted to return to his wife and hug her tightly, but he could not do that yet. Worse, he could only talk to her on the phone and not touch her. It only made the separation more agonizing.
He gripped his phone briefly before hesitantly saying, "L-Let's talk again another time, honey. I'll hang up now. Take care of yourself and wait for me."
Suddenly, Bonnie felt solemn. She sighed and replied smilingly, "You too. Come home as soon as possible. You've been away for too long, and I miss you."
###Chapter 1202
"Bonnie, did you say you miss me?" Ivor usually never heard her saying that out loud. After hearing it, he grinned.
Bonnie did not deny it. "Do you think you're the only one who can feel that way? Of course, I miss you."
"Yeah, you can feel that way!" Ivor said affectionately, "I wouldn't have it any other way!"
Bonnie blushed before clearing her throat to hide her shyness. "Um, if you miss me so much, you'll have to finish your work and come home to me."
She had repeated herself countless times because she did not know what else to say to him. Bonnie had always been passive in their relationship. Mostly, Ivor was the one who took charge, and she would only follow his lead.
Meanwhile, Collin was listening to their conversation. He could not take it anymore when Bonnie told Ivor she missed him.
'Can the chief be any cornier?'
Ivor said playfully, "All right, I'll finish my work and return to you quickly. It must be hard for you not to see me as often as you'd like. I can just imagine how disappointed you feel."
Bonnie was already shy but grew uneasy when he teased her. She retorted, "I never said I hate not seeing you as often as I'd lie. Cut it out!"
Ivor could sense the shyness in her tone and could not resist chuckling. "That's what I heard. Well, why don't you clarify just how much you miss me? Is it a lot or just a little?"
He had been away from his wife for too long and finally had a chance to tease her. Since that was the case, he made full use of it. He admitted that making fun of his wife cheered him up from his previous gloominess.
Meanwhile, Bonnie blushed even more. Although she had grown accustomed to Ivor's sweet talk, Collin was listening, too. Moreover, Bonnie was always authoritative and intimidating as the Nidhoggs' leader. Bonnie could only imagine what Collin must think of her now that he saw a different side of her. She suspected he would make fun of her since he was pretty quirky. Just thinking about it made her feel awkward and troubled.
Ivor's smile grew when he noticed his wife's lack of response. He said, "Why aren't you saying anything, Bonnie? We've been married for a while now. You don't need to feel shy. It makes me want to—” "Stop right there!" Bonnie stopped him when she realized he was about to flirt with her sexually.
She could tolerate it if it were just them, but Collin was listening. Bonnie knew her husband would say genuinely embarrassing things at inappropriate times, and she could not bear such shame.
Ivor realized he had overstepped his bounds and feared he might upset her. He also thought Bonnie would refuse to answer his future calls, so he stopped teasing her. Instead, he said, "Okay, I'll stop." Bonnie could only roll her eyes.
###Chapter 1203
"As usual, you're the expert on being smart-mouthed," Bonnie said.
Ivor said mysteriously, "Not exactly. I'm excellent at other things, too. Do you want to guess what those are?" Bonnie knew he was about to sweet-talk again. However, she could not help but ask curiously, "What are they?"
As if he predicted her response, he replied affectionately, "I'm good at loving and missing you."
Although he would occasionally say such things to his wife when she was beside him, he had demonstrated his love for her through actions more frequently. Since Bonnie was not with him, he could only express his love through words.
"Cough, cough! Cough!" Bonnie was so shocked that she choked. She knew he would say something like that but did not expect him to be so bold.
Meanwhile, Collin could only bear the couple's constant flirting. Even so, he almost choked as Bonnie did when he heard what Ivor said. Collin struggled to stay composed at that moment. Otherwise, he would make an even bigger mess for Bonnie.
Ivor heard Bonnie coughing and quickly asked with concern, "Why are you coughing so hard? Are you okay?"
Her lips twitched, thinking, 'Ivor has always been this outspoken. I just can't deal with him sometimes.'
She helplessly rubbed her brows and said, "I'll be okay if you rein it in a little."
Ivor feigned ignorance, saying, "I speak from the heart, honey. How do I rein it in?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes, thinking his shamelessness had far exceeded her imagination. Then, she looked at the time and realized more than an hour had passed, even though she barely spoke to her husband. 'I'm running out of time. Billy's chef will probably serve dinner soon. Worse, I haven't even prepared for tonight. Unfortunately, I can't talk to Ivor any longer.'
Bonnie was about to say something when Ivor's voice sounded, "Bonnie? Are you mad at me? I'll stop flirting if you don't like it."
Ivor only wanted to tease his wife to cheer her up. After all, they had been unhappy from being separated for a long time. However, he thought he had overstepped by teasing her too much.
"That's not it, Ivor. Something else happened at the research institute that needs my attention," Bonnie said as she tightened her grip on her phone. She even pursed her lips as she spoke hesitantly, "Let's hang up for now. I'll try to make time to call you again."
###Chapter 1204
Bonnie tried to soothe Ivor, hoping he would not feel disappointed over what she said earlier. She could feel how much he missed her throughout their conversation.
Ivor had a lot of fun talking to his wife, but she felt like a killjoy for asking him to hang up. She knew he would be disappointed and regretted treating him that way. However, she had no choice.
'Tonight's dinner might be Billy's greatest test, so I must prepare for it. Otherwise, he might catch me off guard, and I don't have a backup plan. If that happens, I'll be in real danger.'
Ivor was reluctant to hang up but did not want to slow down her work. He also did not want her to feel bad for hanging up on him. Therefore, he chirped, "It's okay, honey. Go and attend to your research. You can call me whenever you're free."
Bonnie struggled to adjust to Ivor's cooperativeness. She pursed her lips and probed, "Ivor, are you mad at me?"
He was stunned before chuckling. "What? Of course not. Something happened at the research institute, right? Why would I be mad at you for hanging up?"
"Well, it's hard for us to chat this freely, and I'm hanging up because of something that happened here. I was worried you'd consider me selfish." Although Bonnie had an important task, she felt terrible about hanging up, even though her husband said it was okay.
That was because she realized she cared about Ivor's opinion and feelings. He said he was worried Bonnie would get mad, but she felt similarly about him. That was how things always worked, and they always understood each other.
"You're the world-renowned Bonita, the science prodigy who's Arvandor's pillar. Your research is crucial to the nation. Since I'm your husband, I should support you fully," Ivor paused and softened his tone, "No only do I not think you're selfish, but I'm also proud of you.
"I can never comprehend how incredible you are. After all, you're constantly researching and developing countless unbelievable things."
Bonnie felt a warmth in her heart. "Thank you for being so understanding, dear."
Although she was not at the research institute then, the technology needed to create the chip she was trying to retrieve was closely connected to her research. What moved her was Ivor's thoughts. Initially, Bonnie thought he considered her selfish, but he surprised her by telling her how proud he was. Bonnie felt pride swelling in her chest as she thought, 'I knew I married the right man with the biggest heart!'
Ivor said, "Isn't that my duty as your husband? You don't need to thank me."
He knew his wife felt guilty because she had to hang up, so he tried to soothe her, "Although you're married to me, you still have your life to live. You're still Bonita. I won't restrict your freedom. Let me know if you need help, and I'll do everything possible to support you."
###Chapter 1205
Moved by Ivor's words, Bonnie felt a lump in her throat. Although she was not sentimental, Ivor had always worn his heart on his sleeve around her. She could feel his sincerity and effort to soothe her. Bonnie rechecked the time and realized she had to rush to prepare for tonight.
'It looks like I'll have to tell Ivor how I feel when I return to Pyralis. Considering my current situation, this isn't the right time to say such things. After all, I have a pressing matter to tend to. I'll finally reunite with him once I've completed my mission.'
With that in mind, Bonnie suppressed her emotions and said, "Well, it's time to hang up. I'll have to deal with things here before I can call you again. If I'm still busy tonight, it'll have to wait till tomorrow." Initially, she wanted to tell Ivor she would call him back sooner. However, she could not predict what would happen tonight. Bonnie did not want Ivor to wait by the phone all night, so she told him she might call
tomorrow.
"All right, get back to work, honey." Ivor feared Bonnie would feel bad if she hung up, so he did it first.
Collin looked down at Bonnie's phone when he realized Ivor had hung up. Soon after, Collin broke the silence, saying, "Jeez, Chief. You and Ivor are so in love. I want a relationship like yours just by listening to you two talk."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "I can't tell if that's a compliment or you're being sarcastic."
"Of course, I was complimenting your relationship with Ivor!" Collin said sincerely, "He was understanding by prioritizing your feelings over everything else. I finally understand why you married such a stand-up guy."
"You're stating the obvious, Collin." Bonnie raised her chin, delighted with Collin's praises for Ivor. She added, "I've never been wrong about a person's character."
"Of course you are, Chief! You've never misjudged anyone," Collin agreed.
Bonnie smiled at first. Then, she thought about her dinner with Billy and frowned, saying, "All right, that's enough chit-chat. I must prepare for tonight, or I'll blow my cover."
Although she had never gotten caught with her pants down, she knew being prepared was crucial nonetheless. Moreover, she never underestimated her enemies.
Collin did not argue. Instead, he said, "I'll let you get back to it. I'll tell you if your husband calls or texts. You can count on me."
###Chapter 1206
"All right, I'll hang up now." Bonnie ended the call and began her preparations based on how she predicted Billy would test her. She even took extra precautions when preparing.
...
Once Ivor ended his call with Bonnie, he looked at Floyd and ordered, "Call the Nidhoggs and ask them for an update on their leader's infiltration. Get them to tell us when we can begin our operation." "Right away, Mr. Ivor." Floyd took his phone and quickly called Collin.
Buzz, buzz! Buzz!
Collin heard a phone vibrating and thought Ivor was trying to call Bonnie again. The former sprang up from his bed and braced himself for it. However, he realized his phone was vibrating instead of Bonnie's. Collin answered the call, "Hello?"
Floyd asked, "My boss wants to know how things are going for your leader and when we can begin our operation."
Collin said impatiently, "Come on, man. Our chip got stolen, and my leader's in the belly of the beast. All you guys have to do is sit and wait. No one expects you to do anything dangerous, either. Why are you rushing us?
"I won't mind you bugging me once, but you ask for a million daily updates. If you can't wait, we'll send our people in to save Mr. Boyd. We don't need the Dark Knights!"
Collin was furious because Bonnie had to deal with Billy while caring for Ivor's needs. She had a lot on her plate as it was. Although the Dark Knights were their allies, they kept bugging the Nidhoggs to rush things.
Floyd wanted to argue but knew the Dark Knights were at fault. Instead of responding, he turned to Ivor and whispered, "Did you hear all that, Mr. Ivor? How do you want me to respond?"
Ivor massaged his temples and said, troubled, "Stop rushing them. Indeed, their leader is in a tough spot. Their impatience is only natural since we keep bugging them for updates. I'm anxious to wrap things up, but I shouldn't pressure them. I'm at fault for not thinking it through."
Floyd nodded. "Understood."
The former was about to respond to Collin when Ivor recalled something and frowned, saying, "Hold on a minute."
Floyd asked, "What's wrong, sir?"
"Don't you think Collin sounds similar to Allen, the new researcher at Bonnie's research institute?" Ivor had overheard Floyd's conversation with Collin. The more Ivor listened, the more he found Collin's voice familiar.
###Chapter 1207
'Now that I think about it, doesn't Collin sound similar to Allan, the new researcher at Bonnie's research institute? I always found Allan's voice familiar. Now, I think the answer is within reach after I heard Collin's voice. Moreover, their names sound so familiar. Is it just a coincidence?'
Floyd considered it and responded, "Their voices sound similar, but it has got to be a coincidence. Do you honestly think the people at Nidhogg are somehow connected to Ms. Bonnie?"
"You say that, but this is too much of a coincidence. Something feels strange." Ivor pursed his lips and fell into deep thought.
Floyd was about to say something, but he heard Collin's voice from the other end of the phone.
"Do you have something else to say? If you don't, then I'm going to hang up now. I want you guys to refrain from calling and asking about my chief's progress.
"Once the time is right, she'll give us a call and tell us to begin the operation. If you're patient enough to wait for it, great. If you're not, then the collaboration is off."
The Nidhogg was a rival of the Dark Knights to begin with. So, he hated and despised them in the first place. After all, they were too cunning for his taste.
He heard they were just looking out for themselves and disregarded Bonnie's safety. They kept nagging and urging for an update, which infuriated him. Naturally, he sounded harsh when he talked to them. Realizing Collin was speaking rather aggressively, Floyd couldn't help but frown. However, he didn't say anything about it. Instead, he responded to Collin according to Ivor's orders.
"I'm sorry about it. My leader is facing some emergencies and needs to handle other issues. That's why we've been pressing you guys for an update.
"We shouldn't have put the pressure on you guys. I'm sorry. Rest assured, though. It won't happen again. We won't urge you for an update anymore. We'll wait for your leader's news and begin the operation when he gives the word."
Collin saw they offered sincere apologies and began speaking gentler, "Mhm. I'm glad you guys understand. It's dangerous enough for my chief to infiltrate Billy's organization. It's seriously not cool for you guys to keep pushing for an update.
"Although your leader has signed an agreement with mine, we don't owe you guys anything. Let's aim for mutual understanding instead."
"Okay." Floyd responded dryly, "Loud and clear."
"If that's the case, I'll hang up now. You will be the first to know when my chief sends me word. Then, we'll execute the operation together." Collin said and hung up the phone.
Floyd heard the beeping from the other end of the phone, and his lips couldn't help but twitch in response.
"Collin has a nasty temper."
Ivor wasn't bothered in the least. "We're the ones who overstepped our bounds in the first place. It's only normal that he treats us as such."
"I guess you have a point." Floyd agreed with Ivor. He recalled what Ivor said previously and couldn't help but say,
"With that said, Collin has such a nasty temper. He's a far cry from Allen, who stuttered when he spoke on the phone. I think it's probably a coincidence. Judging by this fact alone, it's doubtful they're the same person."
Ivor thought about it carefully and found that Floyd made a sound argument. However, he retained a certain level of suspicion in his heart nonetheless.
"Nothing's set in stone. Let's wait and see what happens."
Floyd nodded slightly. "Loud and clear."
"Okay." Ivor responded faintly, "Judging by how the Nidhoggs responded, it will be a while before we can return. Meanwhile, let's keep ourselves busy and look at the market overseas. We'll see if any collaborations or projects are worth investing in."
###Chapter 1208
"Didn't you say you want to take this window and visit Ms. Bonnie at Pyralis, Mr. Ivor? Aren't you going to do that now?" Floyd's tone was laced with bewilderment.
'A couple of days ago, Ivor planned to fly back to Pyralis. I didn't think he'd have a change of heart right now.'
"Mm-hmm." Ivor responded dryly, "You saw how the Nidhogg is. I'm aware that they didn't want to let us join their operation in the first place. If I leave without a good reason and hang them out to dry, they might refuse to lend their chip to us. That's why I can't leave Yale. All I could do is wait here."
'As Yasmine said, we've spent a long time on the Nidhoggs. We're just after the chip. We'd have wasted our efforts if I returned to Pyralis at this critical juncture and missed the chance.
'I have to give it to Yasmine. She has a keen mind when it comes to these things.'
"I guess you're right," Floyd said, pulling out his phone to search the Internet.
"I'm going to check if some companies or projects are around us worth investing in. Perhaps we could earn back the one billion and six hundred million dollars while the leader of the Nidhogg infiltrates Billy's organization."
Ivor gave him a sidelong glance, exasperated. "Do you think it's that easy to make money?"
Floyd responded with a chuckle and said, "I know it's not that easy, but you're outstanding when it comes to business, Mr. Ivor. I have every confidence that you can make it happen. With that said, we're not in a hurry. So, let's start small and earn a hundred and thirty-seven million dollars, for starters!"
Ivor smiled wordlessly and didn't say anything.
'Actually, I was just being humble just now. The target that Floyd set is a piece of cake for me. Earning a hundred and thirty-seven million dollars is easy with an excellent opportunity.
'However, striking up business deals isn't important to me right now. What matters now is wrapping up the job about the chip as soon as possible and getting back to Bonnie's side. I'm just killing time by looking up some business opportunities.'
Before long, Floyd found a project that was worth investing in. "Take a look at this, Mr. Ivor. What do you think about it?"
Ivor followed his gaze and said, "Not bad. We could invest some fifty million dollars to test it out."
"At once, Mr. Ivor." Floyd looked all pumped up, excited that he finally had some work to do.
Ivor saw it and couldn't help but remind him, "Although I gave you the orders to do this, you have to remember that this is not our priority. There's no need to invest too much effort in this.
"What matters more is the Nidhoggs. Remember, keep track of their activities. The moment you see them moving, bring our men and follow them."
"Alright, Mr. Ivor. Loud and clear." Floyd responded immediately.
Ivor tore his gaze away from his assistant and stared into the distance, his eyes gleaming inexplicably.
"I hope everything will go smoothly. The last thing I need is another emergency. I want to go back to Pyralis and be with Bonnie. I don't intend to wait any longer."
Floyd said, "I'm sure everything will go without a hitch."
On the other side, when Francesco knocked on her door, Bonnie had just finished preparing.
"Knock knock knock!"
Clearing her throat, she faced the door and asked, "What is it?"
He responded respectfully, "The kitchen has finished making dinner. Mr. Billy sent me here to tell you to go over."
"Alright." She responded calmly and fished a pill out of her pocket before popping it into her mouth.
###Chapter 1209
It was an antidote. It'd neutralize most toxins once she had ingested it.
Moreover, Bonnie was impervious to any poison. So, it didn't matter what sort of poison or hallucinogenic drugs Billy might put in the food. None of them would work on her.
'I have to be able to identify the kind of drug he might put in my food. Given my extensive medical knowledge, it's child's play for me to identify any drug.
'Aside from that, I have to pretend to be under the effects of the drug at the right time. Otherwise, I might rouse his suspicion.'
At the thought, Bonnie checked everything she was bringing with her again. Once she was sure everything checked out, she extended her and opened the door.
Looking at Francesco, who was waiting outside, she said dryly, "Let's move."
"You got it." He conscientiously walked in front of her and led her down the hallway, introducing the dinner menu.
"Mr. Billy has gone all out for tonight's dinner. You're eating birds and seafood! I've served him for a long time, but this is the first time I've seen him prepare such a grand dinner for someone!
"It's clear that he values you a lot. You have to make sure you don't disappoint him."
Billy had taught Francesco what to say to feel Bonnie out. He monitored her expression as he spoke, eager to discover what she made of his words.
'Will Barrett swear his loyalty to Billy, or will he leave after he's earned his money? I have to feel him out. It's an important step. After all, tonight's dinner isn't just a gathering. Instead, it's a decisive moment of Barrett's fate in our organization. Will he be able to stay here? Or will he have to leave?'
Bonnie turned her head sideways and glanced at Francesco. Her lips curled before she pretended to speak gratefully,
"I'm grateful that Billy gave me his stamp of approval. I wish to stay by Billy's side and work for him if I have such a chance in the future so I may repay him for his kindness."
"You know how to be grateful. I didn't know that. Mr. Billy will be delighted to hear what you just said." There was a faint, red glow in Francesco's pocket as he spoke.
It was a small listener that Billy asked Francesco to wear when he sent him to feel Bonnie out. That way, he'd be able to hear everything she said.
His chest swelled with joy when he heard that. Then, he laughed heartily in the room. "Hahaha! I knew it. Barrett is someone worth grooming! It looks like I bet on the right horse! I can count on putting him in ar important position.
"This is great... Nay, fantastic! I'm one step closer to realizing my dream with such a genius by my side. I'm going to rule over the international organizations someday."
Another henchman stood beside him, heard his leader's words, and laughed.
"What a wonderful news, Mr. Billy. With Barrett's help, I think I can just see the moment of your dream coming to fruition."
"Hahaha!" Billy laughed again. "Not bad. Barrett is truly a fine addition to our ranks."
With that, he stood up and walked toward the door.
"I'm guessing he's about to reach the private room. I'm going to wait for him outside. Once he passes my test tonight, I will promote him and put him in an important position!"
'I have every faith in Barrett that he will pass my test! I've even considered utilizing his talents to maximize his value.'
Bonnie wasn't aware of Billy's thoughts. She followed Francesco and stopped at the door to the private room. She started having bad feelings when she saw the gloves a couple of bodyguards were wearing. Then, she frowned, looked at Francesco, and asked, "What's the matter? I'm just here for the dinner. Is it necessary to frisk me?"
###Chapter 1210
Francesco could sense just how frightening the coldness emanating from Bonnie was. It was as if her aura could freeze up anyone, anytime.
He had sensed her intimidating aura last time. Now, he was sensing her fearsome aura all over again.
'His demeanor is very different from the backstory he told us. However, Billy just won't believe what I said...'
Realizing that Francesco wasn't saying anything for a long time, Bonnie couldn't help but feel impatient. "You still have yet to answer me. Do they have to frisk me?"
Her voice was laced with such coldness that he couldn't help but shudder. At the same time, he came back to his senses.
"That's right, Barrett. Mr. Billy demands it be done."
"Mm-hmm." She responded dryly with a calm tone. "I got it."
Francesco noticed her irritated expression and worried that Billy might think he was the one who ticked her off. So, he explained,
"They're going to frisk you, but you don't have to overthink it. Mr. Billy is aware that you hate to be touched. So, they will scan you with a device instead of touching you. There's nothing to be worried about." She couldn't help but raise her delicate eyebrow.
'I didn't count on him remembering that I hate to be touched, much less taking action about it. It looks like Billy cherishes my skills more than I've imagined.'
"Gotcha. I appreciate that Billy made this arrangement."
"Yeah. Mr. Billy values you a lot. No one has had this sort of special treatment." Francesco said before gesturing for her to step forward.
Bonnie nodded and walked ahead. Once she reached the door, the bodyguards guarding the door fetched the device and scanned her.
The first bodyguard's device didn't have any reaction.
Sitting inside the private room, Billy couldn't resist rubbing his chin and smiled pleasingly.
"Very good. It looks like Barrett is quite well-behaved. He didn't let me down at all."
At the next moment, however, he heard a beeping sound. His face fell as he followed the sound and turned his gaze.
The first bodyguard's device didn't sound when Bonnie walked past him. However, the second bodyguard's device sounded off when she passed by.
The red light on the device came on and made a shrill beeping sound, telling everyone that there was something out of the ordinary with Bonnie. Indeed, she brought some sharp weapons with her.
Realizing what was happening, Billy's face grew grimmer by the second. In the blink of an eye, his face was brimming with coldness.
'I can't believe I placed that much faith in Barrett and had high hopes for him. He slapped me in the face in a matter of a second. How am I supposed to retain my pride now?'
The longer he thought about it, the angrier he got. Then, he couldn't sit there anymore. Shooting up from his seat, he stormed over to Bonnie, wearing a stern expression. "What's happening here?"
Bonnie, too, didn't count on this happening. She had walked through the first bodyguard's device just fine. To her surprise, the second bodyguard's device caught her. 'Based on what happened, the first bodyguard's device is probably used for scanning some obvious, dangerous stuff.
'The second bodyguard's device must've been upgraded and can detect what the first device couldn't.'
###Chapter 1211
Bonnie thought she had passed the test, only to discover that Billy had another trick waiting for her.
Billy's schemes were truly unfathomable, always catching people off guard!
Seeing Bonnie's silence, Billy assumed she was too guilty to speak, and his expression darkened further.
In an icy and harsher tone, he demanded, "Barrett, didn't you hear me? What's going on? What are you carrying on you?"
Bonnie pursed her lips, feigning a bit of fear.
"Well..."
Billy's anger grew upon seeing her hesitation.
"Speak! What are you carrying?"
Bonnie still didn't answer. Her expression showed slight distress.
As soon as they saw this scene, the subordinates started muttering.
"What's up with Barrett? Why isn't he answering Mr. Billy's repeated questions? Could he be carrying something suspicious?"
"I doubt it. Barrett usually seems honest, not like someone who would hide a weapon."
"They say you can't judge a book by its cover. Barrett may look honest, but that doesn't mean he is."
"True..." The subordinate glanced at Billy, whose face was grim, and shrank back a bit.
"Mr. Billy trusts Barrett a lot. If Barrett has something harmful on him, he'll face severe consequences."
"Exactly. Mr. Billy doesn't tolerate betrayal. If Barrett has done something to anger him, who knows how he'll be punished!"
Upon hearing these murmurs, a flicker passed through Bonnie's eyes.
Billy noticed this and quickly stepped up to Bonnie.
"Why aren't you speaking? Is it true what they're saying? Are you carrying something harmful?"
As he spoke, disappointment filled his eyes. He had hoped tonight's test would go smoothly. He had even planned how to groom Bonnie after passing the test. But to his dismay, Bonnie had faltered at the crucial moment.
Anger mingled with disappointment, making him want to tear Bonnie apart to vent his frustration!
"I... I do have something on me," Bonnie admitted, feigning fright, her face pale.
Of course, she was pretending. She wants to toy with Billy a bit. After all, it would be no fun otherwise.
Billy had set so many traps for her; it would be a shame if she didn't play along a little.
Upon hearing Bonnie's words, Billy's face darkened further, almost as black as the bottom of a pot, looking like ink might drip from it.
The subordinates who heard this began to stir.
"Didn't Barrett notice how dark Mr. Billy's face is? How dare he admit it? He must have a death wish!"
"I respect his bravery... I doubt I'll ever have that kind of courage. With Mr. Billy's authority in our organization, who would dare go against him?"
"Even though Mr. Billy values him, he shouldn't act this way. Besides, Mr. Billy hates betrayal. Who knows what kind of punishment awaits him? Given what he's done, he might end up in the basement, enduring all kinds of torture!"
###Chapter 1212
The subordinates discussed Bonnie's punishment while Billy stared at Bonnie with eyes like a venomous snake.
"Did you hear what they said?"
Bonnie pretended to cower and nodded, "Yes, I heard."
"If you heard, quickly hand over what you're hiding!" Billy's voice was cold and fierce. "I want to see what you planned to use against me!"
Bonnie "nervously" explained, "Mr. Billy, I, I don't intend to harm you."
"Stop lying!" Billy didn't believe her words at all. "Hand it over immediately. Maybe then I'll consider sparing your life!"
Instead of handing over anything, Bonnie took a step back. "Mr. Billy, please listen to me. I have no intention of harming you. This thing is meant-"
Billy interrupted her with a voice filled with menace before she could finish.
"Enough! I don't want to hear your nonsense. If you don't hand it over, I'll search you myself!"
He then approached Bonnie, his face stern and menacing.
Although Bonnie wasn't afraid, she pretended to be terrified and tried to soothe Billy. "Mr. Billy, please don't rush, listen to me..."
"We've come to this point. What else is there to say?" Billy wasn't giving Bonnie any chance. "I want to see what you're hiding."
As he spoke, he reached out to grab Bonnie's chest area.
A cold glint flashed in Bonnie's eyes upon seeing Billy's hand. She subtly stepped back, avoiding his grasp just enough for an hidden in her clothing to fall out. With a "thud," something hard hit the floor.
The unmistakable sound echoed in the room and caught everyone's attention.
Everyone looked towards the source of the sound. Due to the light reflecting off it, they couldn't immediately see what had fallen, only that it was silver in color. "Well! I didn't even search for you; you've already exposed yourself! Now I-" Billy began, striding over to pick up the item.
The subordinates tried to stop him.
"Mr. Billy, don't touch it! It might be a trap!"
"Yeah, Mr. Billy, he's trying to harm you. Approaching now could be dangerous!"
"Come back, Mr. Billy, hurry!"
Despite their warnings, the subordinates couldn't prevent Billy from reaching for the .
When they saw what he held, everyone froze.
In Billy's hand was a silver sculpted snake, lifelike and majestic, captivating anyone who looked at it.
Billy felt that the snake mirrored his image perfectly.
###Chapter 1213
The more Billy looked at the snake sculpture, the more he liked it, and his gaze toward Bonnie softened. "This is what you were hiding?"
"Yes," Bonnie nodded honestly. "I thought the snake suits your image-mysterious and dangerous."
"You gave me one million last time to save my mom's life. I was very grateful and wanted to give you a gift to express my thanks. I knew you lacked nothing but felt I should give you something. I thought something handmade would be more sincere.
"Since I know a bit about hand-carving, I took a piece of bronze a friend gave me and carved this snake for you. I didn't expect it to cause such a misunderstanding, making you think I was up to something malicious."
Billy hadn't expected the that bypassed the bodyguard's scanning to be a handmade gift from Bonnie. The lifelike sculpture pleased him greatly and made him appreciate Bonnie's effort.
Seeing Bonnie's aggrieved expression from the misunderstanding, Billy, who usually only cared about his feelings, felt a rare guilt.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to misunderstand you! Since the misunderstanding is cleared up, let's go eat."
Billy apologized for misunderstanding Bonnie, which was nothing short of a miracle, primarily because he valued Bonnie and liked the gift. If someone else had done this and expected an apology? No way! No even a chance!
However, since Bonnie was highly talented, Billy didn't mind occasionally apologizing, knowing Bonnie's future usefulness and importance to his grand plans.
Bonnie noted how easily Billy "forgave" her, thinking he was pretty easy to appease. However, the snake she carved wasn't just a simple gift. She had added something to its surface. What that was would remain a secret, but its effects would become evident over time.
As they were about to move forward, one of Billy's subordinates raised a question.
"If it's just bronze, why did the detector go off? Isn't it supposed to detect dangerous items?"
Billy halted immediately, turned back, and fixed his dark gaze on Bonnie.
"Barrett, care to explain that?"
Unlike before, he wasn't immediately angry. He waits for Bonnie's explanation to avoid another awkward misunderstanding.
Bonnie gave the subordinate who had spoken a chilly glare, making him tremble and rub his arms.
"Is it just me, or is it cold here?"
His companion looked at him like he was an idiot. "It's the middle of summer. Go put on a coat if you're cold."
The subordinate started to say something but then felt the chill dissipate and muttered, "Why don't I feel cold anymore? Weird."
The reason was simple: Bonnie had withdrawn her icy gaze. She composed herself and smiled at Billy.
"Mr. Billy, you've hit the nail on the head. It isn't just for show-it can save lives in critical moments."
###Chapter 1214
"Oh?" Billy rubbed the bronze snake in his hands, a strong interest gleaming in his eyes. "How exactly can it save lives?"
Bonnie narrowed her eyes slightly and glanced around. "I'll find a wall to demonstrate for you. Mr. Billy, please don't blame me if I accidentally damage the wall."
"Of course not, absolutely not," Billy laughed heartily and handed the bronze snake back to Bonnie. "Go ahead and show me. I'm curious about how this thing can act as a defense." The more he spoke, the stronger the amusement in his eyes.
To him, the bronze snake Bonnie gifted seemed purely ornamental. When Bonnie mentioned it could save lives, he scrutinized the snake closely but found no hidden mechanisms or switches.
Now, he was especially curious about Bonnie's demonstration and eagerly anticipated the surprise this genius might bring.
Bonnie took the bronze snake from Billy and lightly turned a part of its side.
Click!
The lower part of the bronze snake began to shift. Then, a bullet shot out from the bottom of the snake.
Whiz! B***!
It hit the opposite wall, almost punching through and leaving a large round hole, showcasing its immense power.
The scene left Billy and his subordinates stunned. No one expected such a powerful weapon from Bonnie's handmade gift. The wall's destruction indicated that flesh and blood wouldn't stand a chance-one shot and it would be lights out.
Bonnie rotated the side of the bronze snake again after the demonstration, returning it to its original ornamental form seamlessly without any visible trace.
Billy was amazed by the bronze snake's hidden capabilities and could hardly believe his eyes. Such a marvelous invention, right under his nose—extraordinary! Billy approached Bonnie with eyes full of admiration. "Barrett, this gift of yours is incredible. Can you show me how to use it? I didn't catch what you did earlier." Billy was too captivated by the snake's magical properties to notice Bonnie's actions.
"No problem," Bonnie picked up the bronze snake, "but I can only explain it once. I can't demonstrate again."
"Why?" Billy was puzzled; he wanted to try the weapon's power himself.
"It can only hold three bullets due to its unique nature. Once used, reloading is extremely difficult and might damage the bronze snake. I've already used one bullet. If we use another, only one will be left.
"This is a delicate piece of work, and I hope Mr. Billy will use these two bullets for life-saving, not for demonstrations. You might need it someday, considering your status. Ideally, you won't need it, meaning you're safe."
"I see." Billy nodded in understanding. "Then, explain it to me."
"Alright." Bonnie began explaining.
Billy was exposed to such a device for the first time. He listened intently, fascinated by every detail.
###Chapter 1215
Upon hearing the explanation, Billy began to clap and said in a tone filled with admiration for Bonnie.
Clap, clap, clap!
"Impressive, the design of your creation is truly ingenious."
The other subordinates also started clapping after hearing Billy's praise for Bonnie.
Clap, clap, clap!
Following the applause, a chorus of compliments arose.
"Barrett is indeed someone Mr. Billy values. So impressive."
"Yes, seeing Barrett makes us realize how incompetent we are."
"I have to say, Barrett's skills are extraordinary. It seems there's nothing he can't do."
"Absolutely. His abilities are simply out of this world."
The subordinates continued to discuss and praise Bonnie's impressive abilities.
Billy, hearing their words, had a thoughtful look in his eyes. He silently decided in his mind.
After regaining his composure, Billy addressed everyone in a deep voice with a severe expression, "From now on, you should call Bonnie Mr. Barrett, not Barrett." The title "Mr. Barrett " made all the subordinates tremble and look toward Billy.
Billy's insistence on calling Bonnie "Mr." was more than a formality. It was a title that solidified Bonnie's status within the organization.
Billy was the boss, the highest-ranking individual in their organization. Having them call Bonnie "Mr. Barrett" meant Bonnie's status was second only to Billy. They always knew Billy valued Bonnie but never expected him to hold Bonnie in such high regard so soon.
Indeed, Bonnie was a master at understanding and manipulating human nature.
Billy's commanding gaze swept over them when he saw them all standing still and silent.
"What? Did you not understand my words? Or do my orders not matter anymore?"
After exchanging a few quick looks, the subordinates turned to face Bonnie and simultaneously bowed and exclaimed, "Mr. Barrett!"
The loud sound echoed throughout the room.
Bonnie was surprised that Billy would grant her such a high status.
It seemed she hadn't miscalculated with this "gift."
She wondered what Billy's reaction would be when he discovered the true nature of her gift.
With that thought, Bonnie composed herself, feigning shock and gratitude as she looked at Billy and said, "Thank you, Mr. Billy, for your trust. Rest assured, I will do my best and not disappoint you."
"Good! The title 'Mr.' is my highest form of trust in you, and I hope you won't disappoint me." Billy said, his eyes suddenly flashing with a hint of coldness. "Although I trust you so much, you must understand one thing. I despise betrayal. If you betray me despite my trust, your fate will be grim!"
###Chapter 1216
Billy valued Barrett, but he knew he couldn't just offer sweet rewards all the time. Occasionally, he needed to knock Barrett down a peg to ensure Barrett understood his position.
Otherwise, as Barrett's network grew, he might risk becoming a threat. Thus, Billy believed in using both kindness and authority to manage effectively.
Upon hearing Billy's words, Bonnie raised her eyebrows, a glint of interest flashing in her eyes.
'So Billy is treating me this way after offering benefits?'
Of course, she didn't see this as a bad thing. It was a sign that Billy truly intended to employ her seriously. Previously, his attitude had been lukewarm, but now he was treating her as a faithful subordinate.
The fact that Billy only decided to seriously consider her after everything she had done showed just how cautious he was-more so than she had initially thought.
Bonnie found the situation increasingly intriguing as she pondered it. She enjoyed challenges and believed that, with careful planning, she could break down Billy's guard completely.
With that thought, Bonnie shivered slightly under Billy's gaze as if in fear.
"Mr. Billy, you have been so kind to me! I promise that as long as I work for you, I will never do anything to betray your trust."
Billy was pleased with Bonnie's attitude. The gloominess on his face dissipated and was replaced by a warm smile.
"I know your character well. Otherwise, I wouldn't have given you this title. My words were just a reminder, nothing more. Just do your job as usual."
Bonnie's expression softened also, "Thank you, Mr. Billy, I understand."
"Good." Billy's smile remained as he considered putting a hand on Bonnie's shoulder, but remembering her dislike for being touched, he refrained.
"Let's go eat, or the food will get cold."
"Yes, Mr. Billy." Bonnie feigned respect and followed Billy.
Billy felt even more satisfied after catching Bonnie's attitude from the corner of his eye. 'Barrett is genuinely a talent worth nurturing! Whatever he does, whatever he showcases, always surprises me while aligning perfectly with my intentions.
'Such a person was invaluable, and I am determined to utilize him fully. Perhaps Barrett might even become my successor one day!'
As he pondered this, Billy walked to the dining table. Looking at the sumptuous spread before him, he smiled at Bonnie.
"Barrett, you're from Arvandor and have a sick mother back home. You must miss your homeland. Considering your homesickness, I had an Arvandish chef prepare this meal for you. Do you find these dishes familiar?"
Bonnie looked at the dishes on the table. The entire table was filled with classic Arvandish cuisine.
###Chapter 1217
Bonnie was surprised that Billy had considered this detail, going so far as to prepare Arvandish cuisine for her. Since she had come to Yale from Pyralis, it had been a long time since she had eaten such a comprehensive selection of Arvandish cuisine.
However, she would have indulged in the feast if Billy hadn't planned this as a trap. Unfortunately, she had to be cautious while eating, leaving her unable to enjoy the dishes despite her longing.
With these thoughts, Bonnie looked at Billy and feigned a grateful expression. "Mr. Billy, your consideration is too thoughtful. It alleviates my homesickness."
Billy was delighted with Bonnie's reaction. By employing such methods, he could only keep a talent like Bonnie firmly under control. The more he thought about it, the happier he became, his smile growing even brighter.
"Alright, let's stop talking before the food gets cold." He sat down first and gestured for Bonnie to sit opposite him. "Sit down and try the dishes. See if they suit your taste."
Bonnie sat down across from Billy. "Since you insist, Mr. Billy, I won't hold back."
"We're like family from now on. Eat and drink as you please; no need to be reserved." Billy's laughter was hearty, but Bonnie noticed he was subtly observing where she placed her fork.
Billy seemed to show a meaningful smile when she reached for the ribs. However, the specific significance of that smile was unclear. Sensing something amiss, Bonnie tried picking up other dishes. Billy's eyebrows furrowed when she moved her fork to the pork knuckle.
'Does this mean that only the crispy pork knuckle is safe from all the dishes?'
Thinking this, Bonnie picked up the braised pork knuckle while watching Billy's reaction. "Before my mother got sick, she often made crispy pork knuckles for me. Since she fell ill, it's been a long time since I've had it. Thanks to you, Mr. Billy, I can enjoy it here today. Thank you."
"No need to thank me. However, the chef's cooking won't be like your mother's. Just taste it and let it ease your homesickness a bit," Billy responded with a smile, then waved to a subordinate nearby. The subordinate quickly ran over at Billy's signal. "Mr. Billy, what are your orders?"
"The chef didn't put any hallucinogens in the crispy pork knuckle, right?" Billy asked, his brows furrowing as if in thought.
The subordinate was puzzled and then replied, "Yes, Mr. Billy. Is something wrong?"
"Barrett initially reached for the ribs but switched to the braised pork knuckle. Can he tell the difference in taste?" Billy's frown deepened further.
Although he was happy with Bonnie's increasing skills within his organization, her extensive talents made him uneasy. The subordinate laughed and waved dismissively. "Mr. Billy, you're overthinking it.
"This is a newly circulated hallucinogen in Yale's underground market-colorless, tasteless, and masked by the food's flavors. Even the most skilled person wouldn't detect the difference. Barrett probably just got lucky."
They believed their voices were low enough, but every word reached Bonnie's ears.
###Chapter 1218
Bonnie's hearing wasn't sharp enough to catch their low-voiced conversation, but she was skilled in lip reading and knew every word they said.
She realized why her initial sniffing hadn't revealed anything. It turned out Billy had used a new type of drug in the food.
'This new drug has hallucinogenic properties. What is Billy planning to do by making me ingest it?'
Based on her analysis, Bonnie had a vague idea but needed to know more about what Billy and his subordinate discussed.
Having heard his subordinate's words, Billy felt some of his suspicion ease. "True, no matter how skilled he is, he couldn't possibly identify the hallucinogen in such a short time. But if he doesn't eat, it will affec our plan to hypnotize him. How can we make him eat the drugged food?"
Billy pondered the problem while observing Bonnie.
"There's no way he can avoid the hallucinogenic dishes every time with such a large spread," the subordinate suggested, believing it unnecessary to worry too much.
"Not necessarily." Billy shook his head. "Barrett's luck is surprisingly good. If he avoids the drugged dishes, our long preparations would be in vain."
The subordinate thought momentarily and quickly suggested, "Mr. Billy, why don't you serve him the food yourself? Given your status and gratitude towards you, he wouldn't refuse. He would likely eat everything you serve him."
Billy's eyes lit up. "Good idea! If he refuses, it would indicate something suspicious. If he doesn't, I'll make sure to serve him the most drug-laden dishes. Then we can proceed with the next step and bring in the hypnotist to put him under."
Bonnie, watching their lips move, instantly understood their plan to make her eat the hallucinogen-laced food.
She had already suspected Billy wanted to hypnotize her to test her loyalty. Though Billy had relaxed his guard and trusted her, his suspicious nature made him repeatedly test her.
These were only her guesses until now. Reading Billy's and his subordinate's lips confirmed her suspicions. With this confirmation, the rest was simple.
She had taken an antidote; such a small amount of hallucinogen posed no threat to her. As for hypnosis, she had studied it before. Since Billy's hypnotist needed drugs to succeed, it meant his skills were lacking and posed no real threat to her.
Bonnie decided to pretend to be hypnotized and say whatever Billy wanted to hear. With her mind made up, she felt much more relaxed.
###Chapter 1219
After finishing his conversation with the subordinate, Billy proceeded according to their plan and served Bonnie food.
"Barrett, you look too skinny. You need to eat more to keep up your strength. Otherwise, I'd worry you couldn't handle any tough tasks I might assign you."
"Thank you, Mr. Billy." Bonnie noticed that Billy was using a serving fork that he hadn't used before. Feeling reassured, she picked up the piece of pork rib Billy had placed in her bowl and began eating it. As she ate, she savored the flavor and smiled.
"These ribs taste great. They remind me of the flavors back home in Arvandor."
"I'm glad you like it. This chef was found here at Yale, and I was worried the food wouldn't be authentic. Seeing you enjoy it so much puts my mind at ease," Billy thought.
He knew this plate of ribs contained the highest dose of hallucinogens. Once Bonnie ate a few more pieces, the drug would take effect, and he could call in the hypnotist to put her under.
With this plan in mind, Billy served Bonnie a few more ribs. "If you like it, have some more. I can arrange for this chef to cook for you regularly. That way, you can enjoy authentic Arvandish food even here at Yale."
Bonnie quickly saw through Billy's intentions and hid a mocking smile. She pretended to be touched and said, "Mr. Billy, you're too kind to me. I don't know how I could ever repay you."
Billy squinted his eyes with a smile and replied, "As I said, just stay by my side and work for me diligently. That's the best way to repay me. Don't worry about anything else. I won't treat you poorly if you work well for me."
He eagerly awaited Bonnie's reaction to the drug, ready to bring in the hypnotist to see if she posed any threat. Through their recent interactions, he had grown to trust Barrett, but caution was paramount, and this hypnosis was necessary to be entirely sure.
"Yes, Mr. Billy. I will do my best to assist you, ensuring you have no worries," Bonnie responded earnestly, patting her chest as a gesture of sincerity.
"Good, good. I trust you. Now, eat up before the food gets cold," Billy urged, appearing concerned but eager for Bonnie to consume the drugged food quickly so he could proceed with the hypnosis.
"Yes, Mr. Billy," Bonnie replied, eating the ribs in her bowl. She was well-versed in hallucinogenic drugs and knew the necessary dosage to appear affected.
According to Billy's conversation with his subordinate, this plate of ribs contained the highest concentration of the drug, which explained Billy's insistence on serving them to her.
After eating five or six pieces, Bonnie decided it was time to fake the effects of the drug.
"Eh? What's happening?" she exclaimed, feigning confusion.
Upon seeing Bonnie's reaction, Billy's eyes lit up with excitement, though he masked it with a concerned expression. "Barrett, are you okay? What's wrong?"
###Chapter 1220
"Mr. Billy, I-I don't know what's happening. I feel dizzy. I need to go back and sleep," Bonnie spoke, her words slurred and fitting the typical reaction to hallucinogens.
Upon seeing this, Billy immediately instructed his subordinate, "Go, bring the hypnotist here."
"Yes," the subordinate acknowledged and hurried off to find the hypnotist.
Bonnie, pretending to be clueless, asked in a dazed tone, "What's a hypnotist? Can you eat it?" As she spoke, she began spinning in place.
"Where are we? It's so beautiful here. I love it, and there's a sea of flowers?" When he observed Bonnie's foolish behavior, Billy asked the subordinate closest to him, "Are you sure combining the hallucinogen with hypnosis won't have any side effects? Why is she suddenly acting so silly? Who will help me achieve my grand plans?"
Seeing a typically sharp person behaving so foolishly was hard for him to accept.
"Mr. Billy, we've looked into it. Combining these two things has no side effects. Mr. Barrett probably ingested too much of the drug at once, so he is experiencing a temporary about of foolishness," the subordinate explained to reassure Billy.
After hearing this, Billy's heart relaxed slightly. "Whatever happens, we can't damage Barrett's mind. His brain is the most important and helpful asset to me."
"I understand, Mr. Billy. The organization we bought the drugs from is a regular partner. They know what they're doing. You don't need to worry," the subordinate pacified.
Billy finally felt completely at ease. "Alright, next, we'll wait for the hypnotist to arrive and hypnotize Barrett, then begin questioning him."
Soon, another subordinate brought the hypnotist over.
Pointing at Bonnie, the subordinate said to the hypnotist, "Hypnotist, the person you're hypnotizing today is right there. Check his condition. Can you start hypnotizing him?"
The hypnotist carefully examined Bonnie for a moment. Seeing her spinning and talking nonsense, he nodded and said, "Yes, I can. Based on his condition, he's taken quite a bit of the drug. A simple hypnotism session should extract the information you want from him."
Billy had been waiting for this moment. After hearing the hypnotist's words, he hurriedly urged, "Then hypnotize him quickly. I'll personally test him."
The hypnotist respectfully nodded. "Yes, Mr. Billy."
He pulled out an old pocket watch and waved it before Bonnie's eyes.
"Come here, sit down."
As the hypnotist waved the pocket watch, Bonnie's eyes glazed over, and she obediently sat down as if she were a puppet.
Billy was delighted, watching this scene, "In this state, I'm sure I can get the information I want from him! Hurry up, I can't wait any longer!"
"Yes, Mr. Billy," the hypnotist responded, hastening the hypnosis process.
Billy still had some lingering concerns. "By doing this, combined with the hallucinogen, won't we risk making him truly foolish? He's the future backbone of our organization. We can't afford any mistakes."
"No, Mr. Billy. The hallucinogen serves as an aid for the hypnotist. Hypnosis itself won't cause any harm to the person. After the hypnosis session, he can just go to sleep," the hypnotist reassured, providing Billy with much-needed peace of mind.
###Chapter 1221
Billy felt reassured, no longer worried that Bonnie's mind would be damaged.
As they spoke, the hypnotist had already completed the hypnosis. It was evident that Bonnie's gaze had shifted from clear to hazy under the hypnotist's influence. She now resembled an actual puppet, as if he soul had been extracted.
After seeing this, the hypnotist felt it was almost done and turned to Billy, saying, "Mr. Billy, the hypnosis is over. You can ask whatever you want."
"Got it," Billy sat in front of Bonnie and immediately asked the questions he had been wanting to ask and doubting.
"Barrett, which organization sent you? Did they instruct you to infiltrate our organization? Are they trying to make you access and return the chip to them?"
As he asked these questions, his gaze was fixed on Bonnie, trying to discern any signs of abnormality from her face. However, Bonnie's gaze remained hazy, with no change whatsoever, and her responses were mechanical.
"I-I have no organization. I-I came here because my mother is sick and needs a lot of money for treatment."
After listening to Bonnie's response, which was gentler compared to her previous accounts, Billy revealed a hint of satisfaction in his eyes.
"Not bad, not bad. It seems this Barrett hasn't deceived us."
He then turned back to the hypnotist and asked, "With the hallucinogen you used, along with your hypnosis, shouldn't there be no traces of lying from the person being hypnotized?"
He was satisfied with Barrett but worried that what he heard from him might not be the truth.
"Mr. Billy, my hypnotism skills are among the best in Yale. Combined with the assistance of the hallucinogen, the words spoken by the hypnotized person are true and cannot be lies," the hypnotist said confidently in his abilities.
"Okay."
Billy thought, 'Their organization wouldn't have hired him if this hypnotist wasn't capable.'
He looked back at Bonnie and asked, "Then I'll ask you again, are the things you said true? Will you serve me faithfully in the future, or will you leave after you've developed your power?"
This question was also quite important to Billy. Only by knowing if Barrett was loyal could he decide whether or not to promote him. He couldn't be promoted without doubts about their organization right after joining!
Of course, letting go of such a talented person was impossible. If Barrett had any doubts, he would use his methods to subdue and make him serve him ultimately!
"Wh-what I said to Mr. Billy is, of course, true! When I was in my most difficult times, Mr. Billy helped me and saved my mother from danger. I'm extremely grateful to Mr. Billy and want to serve him by his side forever, even at the risk of my life!"
As Bonnie spoke, a hint of a smile flashed imperceptibly in her eyes.
Billy loved hearing these words. Since saying these words didn't cost anything if Billy wanted to hear more, she would say as much as he wanted, absolutely enough.
"That's fantastic!" Billy was so excited he almost could not resist clapping his hands.
###Chapter 1222
Billy knew that Barrett was a talent worth cultivating. Now, it seemed his judgment was indeed correct. Who wouldn't like a capable subordinate who is also absolutely loyal?
The hypnotist reminded him from the side, "Mr. Billy, you can't speak too loudly, or you'll startle him out of hypnosis."
"I won't ask anymore," Billy waved his hand and said, "I'll arrange for him to meet with Falcon tomorrow. I trust him completely!"
"Okay, Mr. Billy, I'll arrange it right away," the subordinate respectfully replied, and his gaze towards Bonnie also changed slightly.
Barrett was originally highly valued by Mr. Billy. After this test, Barrett's position in Mr. Billy's heart rose even higher.
It seemed that in the future, they would indeed treat Barrett as the second in command in the organization.
Pretending to be foolish, Bonnie listened to their conversation. Learning that Mr. Billy would arrange for her to meet Falcon tomorrow, she suddenly felt like she was seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. After so long of testing and overcoming many dangerous obstacles, she finally had the opportunity to meet Falcon!
Of course, meeting Falcon wasn't her primary goal. Her main ive was to obtain the chip. If she could secure the chip and ensure her safety, capturing Falcon and punishing him for the organization would naturally be the best outcome.
After all, Falcon was a living person, and there were some things she couldn't control.
Currently, the situation is to contact the chip first and then take it step by step.
The hypnotist noticed Bonnie's fleeting contemplation in her eyes and furrowed his brow helplessly.
Bonnie should be bewildered because of the large amount of hallucinogenics she consumed, plus his excellent hypnosis, and there was no way to get her out of it unless she went to sleep.
But now, Bonnie's demeanor showed no signs of being hypnotized.
'Could it be that his hypnosis was ineffective? Or perhaps the hallucinogen Bonnie had ingested previously did not affect her body?'
Bonnie noticed the hypnotist's probing gaze and adjusted her expression, reverting to her dumbfounded appearance.
While pondering, the hypnotist looked at Bonnie's face again. But this time, when he looked over, Bonnie had returned to her hazy gaze.
'That silly and dumbfounded appearance, how could it look like she was contemplating anything?'
After seeing this, the hypnotist's brow furrowed even tighter.
'Was it that he had made a mistake, or was it Barrett-'
Billy's cold voice sounded, "Why are you staring at the people in my organization like that? Do you know how formidable he is? Are you also interested in him? Do you want to lure him into your organization?" The more he spoke, the colder his gaze became, and his eyes towards the hypnotist carried a trace of vigilance.
Barrett was a talent he had finally taken a liking to! He was someone he intended to cultivate vigorously, and he wouldn't allow anyone to covet him!
It was also his negligence. He should have let the hypnotist finish hypnotizing Barrett and then left, and he would conduct the interrogation himself. This hypnotist, who wasn't part of their organization, seemed to know too much.
###Chapter 1223
The hypnotist could see what Billy was thinking and the fleeting killing intent in his eyes, so he quickly spoke up to clarify his position.
"Mr. Billy, as you put it, even though I value talent, I wouldn't dare to compete with you for your people. Besides, we've always had a friendly, cooperative relationship.
"I'm counting on you to rise to the top and unify all the major organizations worldwide. With you leading the way, I'll enjoy the benefits with my brothers!"
At this moment, Billy felt that the hypnotist knew too much, and he was worried that he might covet the talent they had struggled to find for their organization. If he didn't speak up like this, it might be difficult for him to leave here alive.
However, the hypnotist's words struck a chord with Billy and softened him.
"You're right. We've always had a friendly, cooperative relationship, and I don't want us to fall out. After all, there will be many places where I can use your organization's help in the future. So, before anything unpleasant happens between us, we should avoid it.
"Otherwise, you might not have a place when I successfully unify all the global organizations!"
This statement was delivered in a half-joking, half-serious manner. The hypnotist's earlier flattering words also helped give him such a good attitude.
The hypnotist understood Billy's meaning and nodded repeatedly.
"Yes, yes, Mr. Billy, I understand. I swear here that I will never covet the talents you value. You can rest assured."
"Hmm." Billy nodded in satisfaction. "You're a smart person. I don't want to say much more to you. You should understand for yourself."
The hypnotist nodded repeatedly.
"Hmm." Billy waved his hand. "You can go now. You're no longer needed here."
Feeling relieved that Billy had told him to leave, the hypnotist sighed.
"Okay, Mr. Billy. I'll leave now. If you need me, just call me, and I'll come over immediately."
Billy's complexion eased slightly after seeing his excellent attitude.
"Hmm, I'll have a car sent to take you back."
The hypnotist, fearing to offend Billy, didn't dare to refuse and nodded in agreement.
"Thank you, Mr. Billy."
Billy nodded slightly, and the hypnotist quickly left.
There was a moment of silence in the room. Billy turned to his subordinates nearby and said, "Take Barrett back to his room to rest. Remember to be quiet and not to wake him up."
"Yes." The two subordinates nodded simultaneously. They then supported Bonnie's arms and walked toward the room.
Billy saw Bonnie, who usually disliked being touched, being supported by his two subordinates without any struggle or show of rejection. This scene made Billy reveal a satisfied and cheerful smile. From this, it could be seen that Barrett was indeed without any issues! He was a trustworthy and promising talent!
Next, he would devise a plan to help Barrett grow and assist him in achieving his ambitions!
Meanwhile, Billy's two subordinates assisted Bonnie into the room. After they helped her onto the bed, she cooperated by softly lying down. After covering Bonnie with a blanket, they left the room and considerately closed the door for her before leaving.
After all, judging by Billy's attitude, Bonnie would be groomed as the second in command in the future, and they wouldn't dare to be negligent.
Click!
The room door closed.
###Chapter 1224
Bonnie, who was initially lying on the bed with her eyes closed, suddenly opened her eyes and sat up from the bed.
She rubbed her sore shoulders. It seemed being a fool wasn't easy. Just standing there foolishly for half a day made her whole body ache.
However, she was pretty satisfied with the results she achieved today.
According to Billy, she could meet Falcon tomorrow if nothing unexpected happened!
With that, the time to contact the chip was also not far away! So, the whole thing could progress in a forward direction. Once she got the chip and captured the traitor Falcon, she could return to see Ivor! Bonnie felt indescribably happy just thinking about this.
After so long, she could finally get the chip she had lost!
Speaking of which, the boss of the Dark Knight Organization was still waiting for her to pass on the news, hoping to end things as soon as possible and go back to be with his beloved wife.
She could truly understand the feelings of missing someone you love because she and Ivor were the same, separated by distance and unable to meet.
Since today's events had made substantive progress, she decided to call Ivor and share the good news with the boss of the Dark Knight Organization. Bonnie then took out her phone to call Ivor.
Ivor, discussing work matters with Floyd, suddenly heard the phone's vibration on the table.
Buzz, buzz!
Subconsciously, he glanced down and saw the incoming call reminder. His pupils contracted slightly, and a hint of surprise flickered in his expression. Floyd followed his gaze when he noticed his overly excited mood. After seeing the note displayed on the screen, Floyd also momentarily froze.
But after a moment, he regained his composure and reminded Ivor, "Mr. Ivor, this is a call from the Nidhogg Organization's boss. You should answer it quickly! Considering the current situation of the Nidhogg Organization's boss, it's not easy for him to make a call. You mustn't miss it!"
Ivor steadied his emotions and spoke, "Hmm, I'll answer it now."
He hadn't expected the boss of the Nidhogg Organization to call him at this time, which was quite surprising.
'Could it be that there had been progress in infiltrating Billy's organization? If that were the case, it would be great.'
As long as he could return to see Bonnie as soon as possible, Ivor couldn't contain his happiness at the thought of seeing her.
He took a deep breath, waited for his emotions to calm down, and then answered the call from the boss of the Nidhogg Organization.
"Hello?"
After hearing his voice, Bonnie didn't beat around the bush and directly reported her development progress in Billy's organization.
"I've passed all the assessments Billy gave me. If nothing unexpected happens, I'll be able to meet Falcon tomorrow and thus make contact with the chip." "Congratulations," Ivor said with undisguised joy in his tone.
Not long ago, he had been thinking that the progress of this matter might take a long time, mentally preparing himself for a long time without seeing Bonnie.
###Chapter 1225
Ivor hadn't expected the boss of the Nidhogg Organization to bring him such a surprising delight!
It seemed that he could return to see his Bonnie in no time.
After hearing the mixed joy in Ivor's tone, Bonnie jested helplessly, "What's this? Are you impatient to go back and see your darling wife?"
Ivor froze before admitting, "Yes, I've missed her after being away for so long. It would be wonderful if I could see her as soon as possible.
"However, the specific progress depends on your control over there. After all, your situation is still hazardous, so your safety comes first. Don't worry too much."
Bonnie thought to herself that the boss of the Dark Knight Organization was quite considerate. 'He is eager to see his little darling wife, yet he reminded me to stay safe. Not bad, not bad.' Although Bonnie thought so in her heart, she jested again.
"Haven't you always wanted to see your little darling wife? Why are you saying not to hurry now? Don't you want to see her anymore?"
Ivor was somewhat speechless. After some thought, he said, "Then shall I speed you up? Can you get the chip by tomorrow?"
"No," Bonnie responded bluntly.
"Then that's settled," Ivor thought. He would have Floyd go and pressure her subordinates later. If they pressured her again, what would she do if she refused to lend them the chip in anger? The situation progressed, and he didn't want to fail at such a detail.
"Hahaha-" Bonnie laughed helplessly.
"I was just joking with you. Don't take it to heart. I'll try my best to speed up the progress because it's not just you who has someone to see. I also have someone I want to see."
Ivor raised an eyebrow, a hint of amusement flashing upon hearing this.
"Oh? I didn't expect that. So, you already have someone you like? You've hidden it quite well."
Bonnie corrected his statement, "It's not someone I like. We're already married."
Ivor hadn't expected that the boss of the Nidhogg Organization was already married at such a young age, which was quite surprising to him.
"I didn't expect you to be so young and already married."
Bonnie rolled her eyes speechlessly. "What's wrong? Is it only allowed for you to get married? Others can't?"
"I didn't mean that. I just find it surprising," Ivor said.
"It's not surprising to marry someone you're compatible with." Although Bonnie said it casually, only she understood that she and Ivor had gone through a very long period of emotional testing before they reached this point today.
Her personality and experience made it hard for her to believe in entrusting her life to someone. However, Ivor had consistently demonstrated through his actions that he was someone worth relying on and trusting.
Ivor almost sacrificed his life for her and did various things to move her until she finally decided to marry him. This proved that her choice was not wrong; Ivor was indeed trustworthy.
However, she felt pretty guilty for keeping Ivor in the dark about her trip to Yale for so long. Bonnie's eyes showed a sense of guilt as she thought about this.
At the same time, her longing for Ivor grew even more substantial.
It would be great to be with him if she could solve the matter quickly and return to meet Ivor.
Ivor's eyebrow raised a bit higher upon hearing this.
"Indeed, my wife and I also got married because we hit it off, but I hit it off with her first, then pursued her relentlessly and chased her for a long time before she agreed to marry me."
###Chapter 1226
"Pfft-"
Bonnie couldn't help but laugh.
"I didn't expect the mighty boss of the Dark Knight Organization to be so shameless. It really surprised me."
However, the term "boss of the Dark Knight Organization" reminded her of her relationship with Ivor.
She remembered that Ivor had pursued her persistently for a long time before she agreed to give him a chance. It was unexpected that the boss of the Dark Kight Organization had a similar experience with his little darling wife, which was quite a coincidence.
"Of course, you have to be shameless when pursuing a wife. If you're not shameless, your wife will probably belong to someone else's family." Ivor didn't think there was anything wrong with it; instead, he was proud of it.
Speaking of which, the reason he could marry Bonnie was that he had always been "shameless" to get good results!
"That's true." Bonnie agreed with this view.
"What about you?" Ivor raised an eyebrow. "Is it the same with you and your partner?"
"Well..." Bonnie gave a vague answer. "It's similar."
"How coincidental." Ivor didn't expect that their experiences would be so similar.
"It's quite coincidental." Bonnie felt that they had talked enough and proposed to end the call. "If there's nothing else, then let's leave it at that. I'll call you again when it's time for real action." "Okay," Ivor responded, and Bonnie hung up the phone.
Floyd cautiously asked when he saw they had ended the call, "Mr. Ivor, there's something I'm not sure if I should mention."
"Speak your mind." Ivor placed his phone on the table and leaned lazily against the chair, indicating that he was in a good mood.
"It's..." Floyd hesitated for a moment but ultimately said, "Miss Yasmine seems to be quite fond of Mr. Boyd, right? If she finds out that he is already married, I don't know how upset she'll be."
Ivor also thought of Yasmine when he first heard the news. Just thinking of Yasmine's fiery temperament made him feel a headache.
He said while pressing his temples; there was an evident helplessness in his tone. "Although Yasmine likes Mr. Boyd very much, it's just her one-sided affection. He has never had any intentions in that regard towards her."
He sighed lightly again, with a headache. "Don't tell Yasmine about this matter for now. When I figure out how to tell her, I'll personally talk to her."
As soon as he finished speaking, he heard Yasmine's voice ringing in his ears. "Boss, you don't need to think too hard. I've already heard."
Ivor and Floyd heard this, and they both turned their heads to look at Yasmine.
They saw her standing in the dim corridor, her emotions indiscernible.
Ivor contemplated for a moment before speaking, "Yasmine, you're a smart person. I think you should be able to see that Mr. Boyd doesn't like you in that way. Now that he's married, you should cut your losses. You will meet someone more suitable for you in the future."
Yasmine slowly walked from the corridor into the room, pursed her lips, and said, "So what if he's married? It doesn't stop me from liking him."
Ivor carefully examined Yasmine's expression and saw that there wasn't much sadness or distress on her face. After hearing her tone, he spoke frankly, "Are you trying to become a mistress?"
His eyes were disapproving, and his brows were tightly knit as he talked, expressing how much he despised this kind of behavior.
###Chapter 1227
"A mistress?!" Yasmine was instantly taken aback. "Boss, do I look like someone who would destroy a family?"
Ivor's brows were slightly relaxed. "Then what did you mean?"
"What did I just say?" Yasmine pondered for a moment. "Are you referring to when I said his marriage doesn't stop me from liking him?"
Ivor nodded faintly. "Yes."
"Oh," Yasmine waved her hand dismissively with a smile. "I admire and revere my savior like a heroic figure. It has nothing to do with romantic feelings."
"But you don't seem just to admire him as a savior." Ivor looked directly at Yasmine, his gaze filled with curiosity.
Yasmine still found Ivor intimidating, but she had no reason to feel guilty when talking about her savior. She was just being honest.
"After all, he saved my life. Of course, I want to get closer to him." Yasmine met Ivor's gaze with a straightforward expression.
Ivor stared deeply into Yasmine's eyes until he saw no hint of inappropriate emotions before looking away.
"If that's truly how you feel, then it's for the best. Now that you know he has a family, you should keep your distance and avoid doing anything that could harm your reputation."
"I understand, Boss. I have my limits." Yasmine gave Ivor a reassuring look.
However, she felt a twinge of sadness upon learning her savior was married. If only he were single, she thought, then she might have had a chance. But now that he was married, it meant she had no chance a all.
The more she thought about it, the more disheartened she felt, and she let out a sorrowful sigh. If only she had met him sooner, she could have tried harder. Unfortunately...
Such thoughts only confirmed that she and her savior were not meant to be.
Ivor observed Yasmine's expression but didn't say anything further. Instead, he simply said, "As long as you have your limits, I won't say more. Go and rest."
Yasmine nodded. "Got it, boss."
With that, she left Ivor's room.
Floyd watched her leave and frowned helplessly.
"Mr. Ivor, I think Miss Yasmine doesn't seem okay. Should I follow her and check on her?"
Ivor raised an eyebrow and gave Floyd a meaningful look upon hearing this.
"Floyd, I never realized you were so concerned about Yasmine."
Floyd was momentarily stunned, then smiled. "Mr. Ivor, I know what happened to Miss Yasmine. I've always felt for her, so I thought I'd keep an extra eye on her, just in case she takes it too hard."
"It's not that bad," Ivor said, understanding Yasmine's character. "She might be a little sad, but give her some time. She'll sort out her emotions."
###Chapter 1228
Floyd nodded. "Understood, Mr. Ivor."
"Mm," Ivor responded before recalling the situation with Mr. Boyd. He then instructed Floyd, "Gather all our scattered forces in Yale and have them on standby, ready for orders."
Floyd immediately agreed, "Yes, Mr. Ivor. I'll arrange it right away."
After Bonnie called Ivor to update him on the progress, she also briefed Collin on the situation.
Hearing that Billy had given her hallucinogens and tried to hypnotize her at the dinner, Collin commented, "Billy sure is paranoid! It looks like you'll need to be extra cautious from now on. If Billy becomes suspicious of you, who knows what extreme measures he might take."
"Mm, I'm aware." Bonnie had dealt with Billy long enough to know his suspicious nature. He wouldn't have tested her loyalty repeatedly if he were easy to fool, even after she had proven herself. Having experienced it firsthand, Bonnie knew that dealing with someone like Billy required the utmost caution. Any slip-up could undo all her efforts.
"Ms. Bonnie, be careful. No matter what, get the chip first. As for catching Falcon, that can wait." Collin's suggestion stemmed from a concern for Bonnie's safety rather than a lack of confidence in her abilities. Bonnie agreed, "I think the same. Securing the chip comes first. Without it, Falcon is unprotected. Capturing him would then be a piece of cake."
"Exactly, Ms. Bonnie. I'll gather the guys now and have them ready to assist you at any moment." Collin hoped their boss could get out of danger soon. The entire organization was on edge every day. "Good. Be prepared for any sudden situations." Bonnie nodded in agreement.
"I'll arrange it immediately to avoid any last-minute issues." Collin hung up the phone and immediately started organizing the team.
Bonnie, meanwhile, lay down to rest and recharge.
Falcon had been under her command in the organization for a while and knew Bonnie's habits. For their meeting tomorrow, she would need to alter some behaviors to avoid a*** his suspicions consciously.
Tomorrow would be challenging, and she needed to rest well to face it with full strength.
Billy conversed with Falcon the following day before taking Falcon to meet Bonnie.
“Barrett is a rare talent I found with great difficulty. His skills are outstanding truly exceptional. But he's a bit arrogant. When you meet him, just ignore him if he does anything that bothers you. Turn a blind eye."
Upon hearing this, Falcon looked at Mr. Billy with surprise and said, "Mr. Billy, you've piqued my curiosity about Barrett's capabilities. he must be extraordinary to earn such high praise from you."
Falcon had been with Billy's organization long enough to know Billy's temperament. This was the first time he'd seen Billy show such tolerance toward someone.
He was genuinely curious about what made Barrett so special to warrant such exceptional treatment from Billy.
###Chapter 1229
"The people I choose are naturally exceptional!" Billy's face beamed with a smile, clearly indicating his satisfaction with Bonnie. "But no matter how much I say, you won't fully appreciate it until you meet him and see his skills firsthand."
Falcon was intrigued and curious. "Since you speak so highly of him, Mr. Billy, I definitely want to challenge him in network technology later and see just how skilled he is!"
Billy agreed with Falcon's suggestion. "Sure! When you meet him, you can have a showdown and see whose abilities are superior."
Upon hearing this, Falcon asked in a teasing tone, "Who do you think is better, me or him?"
"You?" Billy glanced at Falcon, his expression clearly showing disdain. "It's not to belittle you, but Barrett is incredibly talented, an all-around expert! Compared to him, you still have a long way to go." Falcon was even more surprised by this. While his network skills in the Nidhogg Organization weren't top-notch, he was considered above average. Being above average in their organization meant being a standout elsewhere. But now Billy claimed that he was far behind Barrett.
This piqued Falcon's curiosity even more. 'How impressive is Barrett that he can outshine him by such a margin?'
Billy observed Falcon's every expression. He sensed his doubt and asked with a smile, "What? You don't believe me? Think Barrett isn't that great?"
"My abilities aren't bad either. Hearing you say that makes me uncomfortable," Falcon straightforwardly expressed his feelings.
"Hahaha-" Billy laughed. "It's fine. It's normal to feel that way if you haven't seen Barrett's skills firsthand."
With that, Billy stood up from his chair. "Let's not waste time. We'll see Barrett right now! Watch how his superior skills will impress you!"
Falcon also stood up, still harboring skepticism about Barrett's abilities despite his words. He felt that Billy's praise was exaggerated and that Barrett couldn't be that extraordinary.
They quickly arrived at the top floor. As Billy opened the door, he told Falcon, "There are many computers here with various configurations. When you challenge Barrett, feel free to choose anyone you like."
Falcon smiled, "Of course, I'll choose a high-performance computer for fast operation. Low-performance ones can't handle complex code."
"That's not necessarily true," Billy said with a mysterious tone. "Barrett might be able to beat you using a low-performance computer."
"That... seems unlikely," Falcon thought, feeling that Billy's evaluation of Barrett was too high.
Falcon believed his abilities weren't that bad.
'Is Billy suggesting that Barrett can beat him using a low-performance computer? Is he underestimating me?'
###Chapter 1230
Billy noticed the doubt on Falcon's face and became even more enthusiastic. "What? You don't believe Barrett is as skilled as I say?"
Falcon scratched the back of his head, thinking of how to respond without seeming to doubt Billy's judgment while also affirming his abilities. After a few seconds of silence, he found the right words.
"It's not that I don't believe you. It's just that my network skills aren't bad. Hearing you say that Barrett can beat me with a low-end computer makes me a bit unconvinced."
Billy appreciated Falcon's straightforwardness and laughed heartily. "Haha! Exactly. After all, you were a standout in the Nidhogg Organization. It's normal to feel that way, but I can assure you, Barrett's skills will leave you thoroughly impressed!"
Falcon reflected on Billy's words, his mind deep in thought. This was the second time Billy had made such claims about Barrett, indicating that he genuinely believed in Barrett's abilities. However, Falcon thought that a young newcomer would need years of effort to surpass him.
Falcon didn't voice these thoughts. Instead, he smiled at Billy and said, "Hearing you praise Barrett so highly, I'm looking forward to seeing how he can beat me with a low-end computer!"
"His skills won't disappoint you!" Billy was confident in Barrett's abilities after numerous tests. If he didn't truly believe in Barrett, he wouldn't consider grooming him as the organization's second-in-command. Falcon's eyes twinkled with interest, but his response remained somewhat calm. "All right. Mr. Billy, I'll be watching closely."
Billy shook his head after noticing Falcon's lack of seriousness about Barrett. He was about to say something when he saw Barrett walking down the hallway.
As Barrett approached, Billy introduced him to Falcon. "Barrett, this is Falcon. He's a crucial part of the mission I'm assigning to you."
Bonnie heard this and glanced at Falcon, a faint smile playing on her lips as she greeted him. "Falcon, nice to meet you. I'm Barrett."
The moment Falcon met Bonnie's eyes, he felt a chill run down his spine. A wave of familiarity washed over him, making him uneasy. 'He seems so much like... like someone I know...'
Before Falcon could make sense of it, Billy's displeased voice interrupted his thoughts. "Falcon, what are you spacing out for? Barrett is greeting you, and you're not responding? Don't you know how to be polite?"
Snapping back to reality, Falcon quickly apologized. "Sorry, I just remembered something and got distracted."
He walked up to Bonnie and extended his hand for a handshake. "Hello, I'm Falcon."
He scrutinized Bonnie's eyes as he spoke, trying to find a hint of something familiar. Barrett felt strangely familiar to him, yet he couldn't recall ever meeting someone by that name.
Upon seeing the probing look in Falcon's eyes, Bonnie's smile widened slightly. She met his gaze calmly, unbothered by his scrutiny.
###Chapter 1231
"Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?" Bonnie asked and pretended to touch her face.
Falcon withdrew his gaze from Bonnie's face and smiled in response, "No, it's just that you look a bit like someone I know. I got a little lost in thought. If I offended you, I hope you won't take it to heart."
Bonnie raised her eyebrows slightly. She thought her disguise was quite good. 'Could Falcon have recognized me? Or did I accidentally disguise myself as someone Falcon knew? If that were the case, it would be quite a coincidence.'
However, this wouldn't affect her much. She could continue acting. Billy valued her highly, and Billy would surely side with her regardless of any conflicts she had with Falcon.
Falcon's opinion didn't matter.
Bonnie composed herself and responded with a smile, "Oh? Really? That would be quite a coincidence."
"It is quite a coincidence," Falcon replied calmly, but his probing gaze occasionally fell on Bonnie's face as if trying to detect any traces of disguise.
However, he couldn't find anything after a long look. Falcon wondered if that initial wave of familiarity was just a figment of his imagination. It felt so clear. It couldn't have been an illusion.
Billy noticed Falcon's distraction. He then pulled him aside and asked in a low voice, "What's going on with you? You've been acting strange since you saw Barrett."
Falcon frowned and glanced back at Bonnie before saying to Billy, "I just feel that Barrett seems very familiar, like I've seen him somewhere before."
"Where could you have seen him?" Billy, now on alert, asked.
Falcon shook his head. "I haven't figured it out yet. I just feel like he looks familiar."
Billy rolled his eyes in exasperation. He had thought Falcon was going to present some solid evidence, but it was just a baseless feeling. "You must be overthinking. You and Barrett move in completely differen circles. How could you have met him?"
"Maybe..." Falcon said, still full of doubts.
Along with this came a vague sense of unease, as if something was about to happen. Clearly, he had no memory of meeting Barrett, but why did he find Barrett so familiar? Where did this sense of familiarity come from?
Feeling frustrated, Falcon pressed his fingers to his forehead. The sudden rush of emotions left him feeling irritated.
Billy spoke in a cold tone after seeing Falcon's discomfort, "If you're not feeling well, go rest. Once you're better, I'll bring Barrett to see you."
Given Falcon's current state, he probably wouldn't be able to compete with Barrett. However, Billy had been looking forward to a showdown between Falcon and Barrett. Both were strong, and a match between them would surely be exciting!
###Chapter 1232
Falcon quickly waved his hand and said, "Mr. Billy, it's fine. I don't need to rest."
"Do you still want to compete with Barrett?" Billy asked while frowning.
Bonnie raised an eyebrow. "What competition?"
Billy's voice was noticeably softer when he spoke to her. "Both you and Falcon are quite skilled in network technology. I thought it would be good for you two to have a little competition to prepare for the task I have for you.
"But Falcon doesn't seem to be in the best condition today. We'll postpone it until tomorrow."
The task Billy referred to was cracking the chip. After numerous tests on Bonnie, he was eager for her to crack the chip, extract the technology inside, and achieve his dream of unifying major international organizations.
Since the chip came from the Nidhogg Organization and Falcon had participated in its research, he was the most knowledgeable about it. Therefore, cracking the chip required the cooperation of Falcon and Barrett. If Falcon was not in good condition, it might indirectly affect Barrett. To avoid any delays, Billy wanted Falcon to rest well and then work with Barrett to crack the chip as soon as possible.
However, Falcon refused Billy's suggestion to rest. "Mr. Billy, I'm fine. I just need a moment to gather myself. There's no need to rest."
The Nidhogg Organization and the Dark Knight Organization were still tracking his whereabouts, and he wanted to crack the chip as soon as possible to avoid any complications. However, Barrett's presence significantly affected his emotions. He wasn't sure if this was a good or bad thing...
Seeing Falcon's insistence, Billy didn't say more but asked cautiously, "Are you sure you're okay? If you're not feeling well, speak up. We can't afford to delay the progress."
Billy's concern wasn't for Falcon's well-being but for the progress of the task. He had finally found a versatile talent like Barrett and didn't want any setbacks because of Falcon.
Falcon understood Billy's concerns and quickly assured him, "I'm really fine, Mr. Billy. Don't worry, I won't affect the progress."
Satisfied with Falcon's assurance, Billy turned to Bonnie and asked, "Barrett, how about you? Are you okay?"
"No problem," Bonnie replied with a smile. "I'm in great shape."
"Good!" Billy's gaze swept over them, indicating the computers were not far away. "Alright, let's cut the chatter. Each of you pick a computer that suits you and start the competition!" Bonnie nodded and was about to choose a high-performance computer when Billy's voice stopped her. "Barrett, wait."
"What's up?" Bonnie paused and looked back at Billy in confusion.
"I almost forgot! When I was talking to Falcon earlier, I boasted that you could beat him with a low-performance computer. I believe in your abilities. Can you do it?" Billy's eyes were full of trust. Bonnie twitched her mouth at Billy's words. Beating Falcon with a low-performance computer? Billy had high expectations of her.
###Chapter 1233
The data used for the competition on those computers was just a bunch of garbled text. Using a low-performance computer could easily cause crashes and overheating. Billy should have some understanding of network technology.
Bonnie wasn't sure whether this was another test for her or just Billy's vanity to show off in front of Falcon.
Billy frowned when he saw Bonnie remain silent. "Barrett, why aren't you saying anything? Are you unsure?"
In his opinion, this task should be manageable, given Barrett's abilities.
Bonnie collected her thoughts and responded to Billy. "Although the condition of using a low-performance computer to defeat Falcon is a bit harsh, it's not a problem for me."
With that, she looked up and scanned the rows of computers, then walked straight to the oldest and lowest performing one. "Alright, I'll use this one."
Falcon was momentarily at a loss for words. "Are you sure... this computer can handle that much data? If it overheats or crashes and you lose, it's still your loss. You can't back out."
Falcon thought Barrett could have refused and chosen a higher-performance computer. Given Billy's admiration for him, he wouldn't have faced any severe consequences beyond a minor blow to Billy's pride. However, since Barrett chose to use the lowest performing, oldest computer, he had only himself to blame. Falcon wasn't underestimating Barrett, but from a technical standpoint, it seemed nearly impossible for Barrett to defeat him with such a computer.
"Don't worry, I won't back out," Bonnie said, her eyes glinting with determination and excitement.
It had been a long time since she had faced such a challenging task. She was eager to see if she could defeat Falcon with this low-performance computer. Despite the harsh conditions, she had her methods to achieve her goal.
"Good!" Falcon replied heavily, giving Bonnie a meaningful look. "I like competing with straightforward people like you!"
With that, he sat down in front of a high-performance computer and looked at Billy. "Mr. Billy, I've chosen my computer. Can we start now?"
Seeing them ready, Billy asked once more for confirmation. "Are you both ready? Do you need anything else?"
Falcon said, "No."
Bonnie echoed it, "Nothing else."
Billy nodded. "Alright, I'll explain the competition rules. The computer codes you see now are levels designed by a renowned international hacker I hired. There are ten levels, progressing in difficulty. You will start now, and whoever breaks through these levels first wins!"
He then glanced at Bonnie, his eyes full of expectation. "Barrett, show your full strength and defeat Falcon!"
###Chapter 1234
"All right, Mr. Billy, I will do my best," Bonnie replied. Instead of immediately starting to solve the questions, she lowered her head to adjust the machine.
Falcon spoke up when he saw this. "The machine and equipment are all outdated. No matter how you adjust them, you can't speed up the process. I advise you to switch to another machine. It would be a pity to lose to me because of a machine malfunction."
"No need," Bonnie replied calmly without even lifting her head. "The configuration of this computer is sufficient for cracking these sets of code."
"Are you sure?" Falcon looked at Bonnie with skepticism.
While Bonnie was adjusting the machine, he had already gone to look at the ten questions. They were exceptionally difficult, befitting the challenges posed by top international hackers.
Yet Bonnie claimed that this low-performance computer was sufficient for cracking these codes. Honestly, other than his boss, he hadn't seen anyone with such extraordinary hacking skills!
"Sure." Bonnie finished adjusting the machine, stood up, and looked at Falcon with a smirk. "I never do things without confidence."
Meeting her confident gaze, Falcon suddenly froze. Finally, he understood why he felt so familiar with Barrett at first sight! Barrett's demeanor, including his pride and tone, were so similar to his boss's. Falcon raised his head to scrutinize Barrett's face. Clearly, it was different from his boss's face, yet why did it give him such a similar feeling?
Seeing Falcon staring blankly at Bonnie again, Billy frowned and reminded him in a deep voice, "Falcon! Barrett has already started cracking the codes. If you don't act quickly, you'll lose to Barrett!" Falcon immediately snapped out of his trance and followed Billy's gaze. He saw Bonnie had already begun operating, tapping rapidly on the computer with her fingertips.
Her movements were so fast that they were almost like an afterimage. The code challenges on the screen were being cracked one by one as she worked.
'One, two, three... Barrett had actually cracked five questions in a row?!'
Falcon had seen the ten questions before and knew how difficult they were. Even if he were to crack them, it would take him some time to complete them all. But now, Bonnie had cracked five questions in a row without a hitch.
Bonnie stopped typing and turned back to him with a smirk when she sensed Falcon's gaze on her.
"If you don't start now, you'll lose to me."
Falcon was stunned by Bonnie's extraordinary abilities. He swallowed hard and quickly returned to his seat, starting to operate.
The first question was easy, but he hit a bottleneck with the second and third questions. Despite trying several methods, he couldn't crack the third question. After all, Bonnie had already cracked five questions in a row.
It would be too embarrassing if he couldn't even pass the third question. No, he couldn't allow that.
###Chapter 1235
Regardless, he had to crack the first five questions at least. However, ideals are lofty, while reality is harsh. No matter what he tried, Falcon couldn't crack the third question.
He was growing increasingly frustrated, and his brows furrowed deeply. He knew this didn't mean he was incompetent. After all, these questions were designed by top-tier hackers, so their difficulty was evident.
Of course, he could crack them with his skills, and he was given enough time. Maybe not all, but at least eight out of ten. However, Barrett had managed to crack so many questions in such a short time. 'How had Barrett accomplished this? Who is he exactly?'
As Falcon pondered this, he suddenly heard Bonnie's clear voice in his ear. "I've finished cracking them."
Falcon's eyes widened in disbelief. "H-Have you cracked them? Really cracked them?!"
His repeated questions demonstrated how unbelievable he found this. After all, he was stuck on the third question, while Bonnie had already finished. Furthermore, she did it on such a low-performance computer.
Bonnie smirked mysteriously. She slowly stood up from her chair and presented the computer screen displaying the ten solved questions to Falcon. "Here, see for yourself."
Falcon looked at the screen displaying the ten solved questions, almost doubting his own eyes. He rubbed them as if trying to dispel an illusion. But after repeating this action two or three times, Bonnie's solved questions were still there before him.
'But how had Barrett managed to accomplish this feat, especially with such difficult questions? Who exactly is Barrett? His abilities are truly extraordinary!'
Falcon voiced his thoughts. "H-How did you do it? Why... Why couldn't I crack even the third question?"
Barrett's display of abilities today had a significant impact on him. He felt dazed, with a sense of disbelief written all over his face.
"The principle is simple." Bonnie explained her process of solving the questions briefly.
Falcon suddenly realized, "So that's it! I thought of every other method except this one!"
As he spoke, he slapped his head in frustration. "Why didn't I think of this? How could I miss such a solution?"
"You found these questions difficult, so you tried to crack them using complex methods. But in networking, the essence remains the same. As long as you grasp the core concepts, cracking these questions is not a problem."
Falcon felt even more bewildered after hearing Bonnie's words, "I really feel like you resemble someone I once knew too well. I remember they used to teach me similarly."
Bonnie knew Falcon was referring to her, but she pretended not to know, feigning interest as she asked, "Teach you? The person you're talking about, were they your mentor?"
###Chapter 1236
Falcon pondered momentarily before speaking, "You could say that, but that's all in the past. We'll never go back to the way things were between us."
Amusement twinkled in her eyes. "Oh? From the sound of it, it seems you feel quite regretful?"
"There might be some regret, considering they taught me many things," Falcon sighed helplessly.
He admired his leader from the bottom of his heart. But Falcon would never yield the wealth and power he desired by working under his leader's management style.
So, he chose to betray them and stole the chip to join forces with Billy. He knew that with his ex-leader's character, they would punish him even if they chased him to the ends of the earth.
The path he chose now would undoubtedly be challenging. But since he chose this path, he would walk it to the end, even if he had to crawl.
Bonnie hadn't expected Falcon to express regret about leaving their organization. However, regardless of the surprise, she wouldn't let him off since Falcon had betrayed her. Whatever punishment was necessary, she wouldn't show any mercy!
"From how you're talking, it seems like you still miss the days you followed your master. If that's the case, why don't you return to them and pay your respects to the old man?"
Bonnie pretended to be completely ignorant, deliberately assuming that the master Falcon mentioned was an elderly person.
In reality, the "master" herself stood right in front of Falcon. She knew Falcon might have sensed something, but he wasn't sure of her true identity.
However, this didn't affect her in any way. She wouldn't give Falcon the chance to confirm anything. Let him continue guessing, giving him some elusive answers, letting him feel the burning desire to know the truth but unable to find it!
"There's no way to go back now," Falcon shrugged, his tone filled with sighs.
Billy frowned and pulled Falcon aside. "Falcon, from how you speak, you're not thinking of returning to the Nidhogg Organization, are you?"
Falcon was stunned, then smiled, "Mr. Billy, how could I possibly go back? After doing something like this, I'd be tortured to death if I were to go back!"
Billy observed his expression, only relaxing the coldness in his eyes after seeing no signs of lies.
"I've put in a lot of effort and resources to protect you and decrypt the chip you brought. I've lost many manpower and suffered many casualties! If you dare to turn against me at a critical moment, I will make sure you suffer a fate worse than death!"
If Falcon hadn't talked with Barrett, he wouldn't have known that Falcon still cherished his days in the Nidhogg Organization. So, he had to be careful to avoid Falcon indeed betraying him at a critical moment. No one would be responsible for his losses if that happened.
"Mr. Billy, I know what you've done to protect me. I will always remember your great kindness! I promise you, I absolutely won't betray you. Otherwise, I'll be struck by lightning and die miserable!"
###Chapter 1237
Billy was quite pleased with Falcon's performance but didn't forget to add a warning, "Don't get too tense about it. It's just a reminder that I hate being betrayed. If you ever turn against me, I can't predict what I'll do."
Falcon nodded repeatedly, "Yes, I understand, Mr. Billy."
Having thoroughly angered the Nidhogg, Billy's Organization was his only refuge. Offending Billy would mean having nowhere to go.
"Hmm..." Billy responded mildly. He then turned his gaze to Bonnie, his expression softening significantly. "I've always said my judgment of people is never wrong. Now, do you believe it? You've seen Barrett's skills firsthand. How do you feel about it?"
"Questioning Barrett's abilities earlier was indeed my mistake," Falcon said. He then turned to Bonnie with an apology. "Barrett, I was overly confident in my abilities. From now on, let's work together under Mr. Billy's leadership and support each other."
With that, he extended his hand toward Bonnie. "Let's shake hands and forget the past."
Bonnie glanced at his hand but did not reach out. Instead, she said calmly, "Don't worry, I'm not petty. I won't take your words to heart. It was just a simple battle; don't make it too serious."
Falcon extended his hand again, "In that case, let's shake hands and make peace. Otherwise, I feel I haven't earned your forgiveness."
Bonnie shook her head to refuse him. "No need to shake hands. I'm germaphobic and don't like being touched."
Falcon's eyes darkened as he looked at Bonnie.
'Germaphobic? That matches Ms. Bonnie's habits perfectly. Is it just a coincidence, or...?'
Billy noticed Falcon's dazed state and spoke up for Bonnie, "Since Barrett said he doesn't mind, then he doesn't mind. You don't need to shake hands. His dislike of being touched was clear from his first day here. Everyone in our organization knows about it."
"Is that so?" Falcon's eyes deepened even more. He had a strange feeling that the person standing before him was Bonnie, but he couldn't be sure. After all, this was Billy's territory. Bonnie had no reason to take such a risk.
Perhaps he was overthinking. But he knew caution was essential, so he observed Barrett more closely to confirm his suspicions.
Billy noticed something odd in Falcon's behavior. "What's with you? Why are you acting so weird? Are you unhappy that Barrett beat you? Do you want me to organize another battle? If you lose this time, will you accept it?"
###Chapter 1238
"No, Mr. Billy, I'm not upset or dissatisfied," Falcon said while waving his hand. He looked at Bonnie with a feigned admiration in his eyes. "With what Barrett has shown, I've already conceded. There's no need for another match. I'd still lose even if we did."
Billy was pleased with Falcon's response. "I've always said Barrett is truly impressive. You're far behind him, and now you've seen it yourself. Do you believe me now?"
He had a lot of confidence in Barrett's abilities. After all, Barrett had passed multiple tests and proven himself.
Falcon nodded and agreed, "Yes, yes, Barrett is really amazing. I completely acknowledge his skills."
After listening to their conversation, Bonnie pretended to be embarrassed, "Mr. Billy, Falcon, I'm not that impressive. You guys are overestimating me."
"This isn't an overestimation; it's a fact," Billy said, clearly very satisfied with Barrett. Humble when necessary, proud when deserved-that's the kind of person who could achieve great things.
Bonnie smiled and said, "Thank you for the compliment, Mr. Billy. I'll remember your words."
"Well, today's battle is over. You can go back and rest. If there's anything else, I'll have someone call you," Billy said.
He wanted to dismiss Bonnie to discuss the chip issue with Falcon privately. This matter was crucial, and he couldn't tell Barrett about the chip yet, even though he trusted his abilities.
Bonnie nodded obediently, "Alright, Mr. Billy. I'll head back now. If you need me, just have someone call."
"Alright," Billy responded and waved her off. "Go on."
"Okay, Mr. Billy," Bonnie said with a slight nod before leaving.
Once Bonnie was gone, Billy turned to Falcon and asked, "What was going on with you earlier? You seemed off, staring at Barrett and zoning out several times. Do you think there's something wrong with him?
He remembered that Falcon had never been so distracted before. Only when he saw Barrett did he seem out of it. The things he said earlier were meant to reassure Barrett since he was vital to their plans, and making him feel trusted and valued was crucial.
Falcon frowned deeply, lost in thought. "I feel like Barrett resembles our leader a lot. Whether it's his manner of speaking, handling things, or advanced hacking skills, they are too similar."
"What?!" Billy's eyes widened in shock. "Are you saying that Barrett resembles the leader of the Nidhogg Organization?"
###Chapter 1239
"Yes," Falcon took a deep breath, recalling his conversation with Barrett. The more he thought about it, the more similarities he found. "I hope I'm just overthinking this..." Billy pondered momentarily before concluding, "You're definitely overthinking it!"
Billy's certainty took aback Falcon. "Why do you say that, Mr. Billy? I know you trust Barrett and value his abilities, but not to this extent, surely?"
"Indeed, I've tested Barrett extensively and trust him more than most. But my trust isn't blind-it's based on judgment," Billy explained. "Think about it: the leader of the Nidhogg Organization commands one of the top international organizations. Someone like that would be extremely cautious. Do you think he'd risk coming here himself?
"Besides, before Barrett's battle with you, I laced his food with hallucinogens and had a hypnotist question him. His responses were consistent with what he told me while fully conscious. So your theory doesn't hold water."
"I understand, but they do seem so alike..." Falcon rubbed his temples, struggling to articulate his feelings. "Don't worry about it, Mr. Billy. I'll keep observing. If I find anything, you'll be the first to know."
Billy had to remind him, "Probe all you want, but be careful not to upset Barrett. He's young and prone to impulsiveness. Where will I find another talent like him if you drive him away?"
Falcon nodded and gave Billy a reassuring look. "Don't worry, Mr. Billy. I know how to handle this."
"Good. Just make sure you don't scare Barrett off!" Billy genuinely valued Barrett. If it were anyone else, he wouldn't have repeated himself so much. But Barrett's skills were extraordinary, making Billy alter his usual principles.
"Understood, Mr. Billy," Falcon replied, his emotions a swirl of complexity.
Even though Billy was confident Bonnie wouldn't come here personally, Barrett's resemblance to Bonnie was too uncanny to ignore.
'Perhaps Barrett was indeed my leader in disguise? Although their faces differed, maybe my leader had used a master of disguise. But when I had closely observed Barrett before, there was no trace of any disguise...'
Falcon's mind was crowded with conflicting thoughts, but he knew speculation alone wouldn't yield answers. He needed concrete evidence and more behavioral similarities to confirm his suspicions. Billy patted his shoulder reassuringly upon seeing Falcon deep in thought, "Personally, I believe it's impossible for the Nidhogg Organization's leader to be here. Focus on the chip. Work with Barrett to unlock its secrets. Only then can we achieve our goal of uniting the major international organizations!"
Falcon remained silent, and his brow furrowed. After a long pause, he finally spoke, "Mr. Billy, I know my thoughts are far-fetched, but... what if?" After another struggle, Falcon continued, "Are you going to have Barrett work on the chip now? What if something unexpected happens...'
"
###Chapter 1240
Billy was always cautious and skeptical by nature. Initially, he had decided to have Barrett work on cracking the chip. However, upon hearing Falcon's concerns, he began to waver.
Falcon noticed Billy's hesitation and continued to persuade him. "Mr. Billy, trust me. Give me a chance to test Barrett. I promise not to mess things up! The chip involves too many people and interests. A single mistake could plunge us into a dire situation."
Though Falcon's words were somewhat exaggerated to sway Billy, the reality was that the combined forces of the Nidhogg Organization and the Dark Knight Organization could easily obliterate any single organization given enough time.
Hence, they needed to be exceptionally careful to avoid giving these powerful entities any opportunity to exploit their weaknesses.
Billy pondered deeply before finally deciding to follow Falcon's suggestion. "Alright, I'll trust you this time. But remember, you must handle this delicately. Don't drive away a talent like Barrett, understand?" Falcon was delighted by Billy's agreement and nodded repeatedly. "Understood, Mr. Billy. Since you trust me, I will ensure I deliver satisfactory results and not disappoint you."
"Good," Billy said sternly before waving him off. "Get to it. Don't delay any longer. Crack the chip as soon as possible to avoid unforeseen complications."
"Understood, Mr. Billy," Falcon replied with a slight bow, leaving to devise a plan to test Bonnie.
Meanwhile, Bonnie was leisurely scrolling on her phone. At that moment, a recording played through the phone's speaker, capturing the conversation between Billy and Falcon in their private room.
She had anticipated Billy's true intentions behind sending her away either to discuss the chip with Falcon or to talk about her. Hence, she placed a micro-listening device to gather information related to the chip. Unexpectedly, she overheard their plans to test her again.
Bonnie laughed at their conversation, though her eyes flashed with a cold sharpness. She had thought her efforts had earned Billy's trust. But Billy's agreeing to let Falcon test her again proved his extraordinary caution and skepticism.
Therefore, she couldn't afford to reveal any flaws that might arouse suspicion in the upcoming tests from Falcon.
At the same time, she needed to dispel Falcon's doubts about her. Any misstep could render all her previous efforts futile.
###Chapter 1241
Just as Bonnie was deep in thought, the phone gripped in her palm suddenly vibrated. She glanced down and saw that it was Collin calling her. Seeing this, she furrowed her brows slightly before pressing the answer button.
"Didn't I tell you not to call me unless it's important? Unless I call you first, don't call me easily. What if Billy was right next to me?"
Colin was embarrassed. "I'm sorry, chief. I was a bit worried about your meeting with Falcon and wanted to check on your safety. After all, you've spent so much time with Falcon; he knows you quite well." "You're right; he does know me. Now, he vaguely suspects that Barrett is me in disguise. He's applied to Billy for permission to test me."
Bonnie's tone was calm and steady, but her words made Collin's heart race.
"But... you disguised yourself so well, even your face looks completely different. How did he figure it out?"
"It must be my manner of speaking, demeanor, or perhaps the exceptional network skills I displayed during our battle sessions." Bonnie pressed her temple. "But he hasn't confirmed it yet; it's just a suspicion. I'll find a way to eliminate his doubts completely. Otherwise, it might take longer to access the chip."
The unexpected change during her meeting with Falcon had left Bonnie quite dissatisfied. She thought meeting Falcon would allow her to access the chip and proceed with her plan. But now, this unexpected development had extended her return.
"Falcon's actions are truly infuriating! Not only did he betray our organization, but he's also become a major obstacle to accessing the chip!" The more Collin spoke, the more he gritted his teeth, wishing to capture Falcon and tear him to pieces. "When we finally catch him, I will make sure he suffers, making him wish he were dead to alleviate my hatred."
"Billy is very profit-driven. Once I have the chip, Falcon will lose all value to Billy. Without Billy's protection, we can deal with Falcon however we want." Bonnie pursed her lips, a thoughtful look in her eyes. "So, we can't rush punishing Falcon. We need to secure the chip first."
"That's true." Collin nodded in agreement but then worried again about Bonnie's situation. "However, how will you eliminate Falcon's suspicions?"
Eliminating Falcon's suspicions was the most challenging problem. If this issue weren't resolved, accessing the chip would be impossible...
The more Collin thought about it, the tighter his brows furrowed, and his concern for Bonnie deepened. Just thinking about it gave him a headache, let alone Ms. Bonnie, who was in this predicament. "Eliminating Falcon's suspicions by myself is not a big problem, but it might take a long time. We can't afford to delay, given our current situation. So, I thought of a good way, but it requires your cooperation." While talking to Collin, Bonnie had already devised an excellent idea.
To eliminate Falcon's suspicions, this idea was perfect. Not only was it effective, but it would also dispel his doubts in the shortest possible time. Though somewhat risky, it was the best solution for their current situation.
"My cooperation?" Collin was instantly intrigued. "Ms. Bonnie, tell me what you need me to do? Whatever you need, I'll give it my all!"
###Chapter 1242
"The task I'm assigning you isn't a big deal, so don't be nervous," Bonnie said as she detected the tension in Collin's voice and his eagerness to help. She wanted to reassure him so he wouldn't be overly anxious.
Collin scratched the back of his head. "I'm not nervous, just worried that I won't perform well enough and end up dragging you down."
"Follow my instructions, and you won't drag me down," Bonnie said with a smile. She knew that Collin was the most concerned about her situation inside Billy's organization.
Of course, Ivor was unaware of this mission. If he knew, he would undoubtedly be even more anxious than Collin.
Aside from worrying about her safety, Collin was also concerned that any mistake on his part might jeopardize her and lead her into a trap. However, this was the path she had chosen, and she didn't want Collin to carry such a heavy psychological burden because of it.
Therefore, entrusting this task to Collin was the most appropriate choice. It would allow him to help her while alleviating some of his mental stress.
"Alright, Ms. Bonnie. Tell me what you need me to do," Collin asked eagerly.
Bonnie was silent momentarily before speaking, "I'll reveal the location within Billy's organization to you. You will lead a team to capture Falcon. I will be with Falcon, and you will pretend to shoot him. I'll come out to shield Falcon from the gunfire. Just be careful not to hit any vital parts of my body."
Collin's eyes widened in shock. "You want me to shoot at Falcon, and you plan to shield him? Is this really what you want me to do? Are you sure you're not joking?"
"I'm not joking; this is my plan," Bonnie replied, her tone unchangingly calm.
"No, no way," Collin refused without hesitation. "It's too dangerous. What if I missed and seriously injure you? I'd feel guilty for the rest of my life!"
"Collin, you're already hesitating before we've even started. How will you accomplish great things in the future? And after all the time I've spent training you, do you have no confidence in your abilities? If that's the case, I've wasted my efforts!" Bonnie pretended to be angry, hoping to convince Collin to agree to the plan.
This was the most suitable and direct way to gain Falcon's trust. They couldn't afford any more delays; even Ivor couldn't hold out much longer.
Upon hearing Bonnie's slightly angry tone, Collin was momentarily stunned. He then slapped the back of his head forcefully. "Ms. Bonnie... You're not just my boss; you're my mentor and someone who has shown me immense kindness. I can't point a gun at you. I just can't do it."
Bonnie sighed softly when she sensed the struggle in Collin's voice, "Collin, we're just acting for Falcon and Billy. I'm not asking you to actually shoot me. Can't you trust me even if you do not trust your own abilities?
"When you point the gun at me, I'll use my agility to minimize the damage. Just follow my instructions; I won't let anything happen to myself."
"But-"
Collin was still struggling, unable to overcome the mental barrier of pointing a gun at someone he deeply respected. But before he could continue, Bonnie interrupted him.
"No more 'buts'. If you truly consider me your boss, then follow my orders. If not, then pretend I never existed as your boss and you never existed as my subordinate!" As Bonnie said this, a deep pain flashed in her eyes.
She knew her words would hurt Collin.
###Chapter 1243
Their current situation wasn't optimistic, and they needed to decide quickly.
Collin had never heard Bonnie speak to him in such a severe tone. Despite the dimness in his gaze, he understood that Bonnie had made up her mind, and nothing he said could change her decision.
Bonnie would assign someone else to do the task even if he refused. Compared to others, he trusted himself more. He would wield his precise marksmanship to minimize harm to Bonnie. With this in mind, Collin had made his decision.
"I understand, Ms. Bonnie. I'll handle this task. Just send me a message when you need me to act," Collin replied.
Seeing Collin agree to the task, Bonnie felt slightly relieved and softened her tone. "Hmm, don't think I'm forcing you. You should already understand that obtaining the chip requires certain sacrifices. If my injury can bring us closer to accessing the chip, then it's worth it."
Collin's tone was heavy with concern. "Ms. Bonnie, I understand what you're saying, but-"
Bonnie cut him off. "Since you've agreed, stop talking. The more you say, the less courage you'll have to do this."
Collin sighed heavily. "Alright, I won't say any more, but there's one thing I must say!"
"What is it?" Bonnie was curious. "Well, go ahead,"
"That is " Collin took a deep breath, with a thousand words swirling in his chest, ultimately condensed into one sentence, "Take care."
Bonnie couldn't believe this was what he wanted to say at this crucial moment. She was somewhat amused and touched by his concern. "Understood. Rest assured, I won't let anything happen to myself." Collin felt somewhat reassured by Ms. Bonnie's assurance, "Alright, Ms. Bonnie, that's all for now. I'll go and make arrangements."
Bonnie replied softly, "Okay."
After hanging up with Bonnie, Collin gathered his team and prepared for the task she had assigned him.
However, Ivor's side received news just as Collin finished arranging things. Floyd stood before Ivor and reported, "Mr. Ivor, according to our surveillance of the Nidhogg Organization's subordinates, they recently conducted a large-scale personnel gathering. It seems they're planning a major operation."
"A major operation?" Ivor frowned slightly, his dark eyes shifting to the phone not far away. "Let's wait and see if that guy, Collin from the Nidhogg Organization, will notify us."
###Chapter 1244
Floyd thought of his disdainful attitude when they mentioned Collin.
"If it were Mr. Boyd, maybe he would notify us, but Collin might not," Floyd remarked.
Ivor narrowed his long, slender eyes and said calmly, "Let's wait a little longer."
Floyd didn't say anything more. "Yes."
The two fell silent.
Yasmine entered from outside and sensed the heavy atmosphere. She asked, "Boss, why do you and Floyd look so grim?"
As she spoke, she seemed to recall something and asked again, urgency creeping into her tone, "Has something happened to my savior?"
Ivor lifted his gaze and glanced at her indifferently. "Quiet down, don't make a fuss."
Although his gaze was calm, an invisible pressure in it instantly silenced Yasmine.
But Yasmine was afraid that something might indeed be wrong with her savior, and her heart was filled with anxiety. She didn't dare ask Ivor again and instead pulled Floyd aside to inquire. "Floyd, what's going on? Is something wrong with my savior?"
Floyd responded, "It's about the Nidhogg Organization, but it's uncertain if their boss is in trouble."
Yasmine found Floyd's words confusing; hence, she frowned. "What do you mean? Please explain it in simpler terms. I have no idea what you're trying to say!"
Floyd glanced in Ivor's direction. This matter was severe, and he didn't dare to inform Yasmine without their boss's permission.
Ivor took in Floyd's stare and looked at Yasmine again. Observing her tense demeanor, he initially furrowed his brows but then relaxed them.
"Tell her."
Considering it wasn't a significant issue, it was acceptable to inform Yasmine. After receiving Ivor's permission, Floyd turned to Yasmine and explained the situation about the Nidhogg Organization's large-scale personnel movement.
After listening, Yasmine's already furrowed brows tightened even more, and her worries deepened.
"They were supposed to stay quiet and await instructions to rescue my savior. Now, suddenly, they're launching a large-scale operation. Undoubtedly, it's related to my savior!"
She looked urgently at Ivor. "Boss, since the Nidhogg Organization is taking action, what are we waiting for? Let's go and cooperate with them! It'll add another layer of security for my savior!"
She was highly anxious. If she had wings, she would have flown to her savior immediately to ensure her safety.
Ivor's slender eyes narrowed and emitted a cold, sinister light.
"Do you think I don't want to take action? Do you think I don't want to cooperate with them?"
Yasmine suddenly froze, not entirely understanding Ivor's meaning.
"Boss, what do you mean? I don't quite understand."
Upon seeing Ivor's increasingly grim expression, Floyd hurriedly pulled Yasmine aside and explained to her.
###Chapter 1245
"Mr. Ivor also wants to take action, but the Nidhogg Organization hasn't notified us yet. It wouldn't be good if we went there rashly," Floyd explained.
"No notification? Why?" Yasmine asked, puzzled.
"The joint operation of the two major organizations would better ensure the safety of my savior. Moreover, hadn't we discussed it before? Why didn't the Nidhogg Organization notify us at this critical moment?"
"I don't know either," Floyd shrugged. "So Mr. Ivor said to wait and see if the Nidhogg Organization contacts us. If they don't, we'll think of other ways."
"I see," Yasmine understood, then looked at Ivor with a hint of apology. "Boss, I'm sorry for being a bit impatient earlier about the safety of my savior. Please don't take it to heart."
"It's okay, you just need to stay calm," Ivor said while pondering the purpose of the Nidhogg Organization's actions.
"Okay, boss," Yasmine immediately made a gesture of sealing her lips with her fingers and quietly moved next to Floyd.
After more than an hour had passed, there was still no call from the Nidhogg Organization notifying them of the operation.
Ivor's face grew increasingly grim over time.
"Floyd."
The bone-chilling tone made Floyd shiver when his name was called.
He quickly walked up to Ivor, head lowered, and asked in a low voice, "Mr. Ivor, what are your orders?"
"Call and ask if Collin is still at the hotel," Ivor commanded. His dark and mysterious eyes flashed with a sinister light, making it difficult to discern his emotions.
Floyd didn't dare to have any doubts and promptly complied. "Yes, Mr. Ivor."
He then hurried to contact the people monitoring the Nidhogg Organization to inquire about the situation.
Ten seconds later, he returned to report the results to Ivor.
"Mr. Ivor, our people said that Collin is still at the hotel and hasn't started the operation."
Ivor slowly stood up from his chair, his face terrifyingly dark.
"Let's go. I want to ask if the Nidhogg Organization doesn't want to lend us the chip, so they plan to take action privately!"
They had been busy tracking the chip for a long time, and he even had to be separated from Bonnie because of this! In such a situation, if the Nidhogg Organization suddenly reneged on lending them the chip, he really couldn't guarantee what he might do.
Floyd stepped forward to advise when he saw Ivor's dark expression, "Mr. Ivor, calm down first. Maybe the situation isn't as we imagined."
Yasmine also followed, "Yes, boss, I don't think the Nidhogg Organization would do something untrustworthy. You should calm down and wait until we find out the situation there."
"And we have a previous agreement. The Nidhogg Organization wouldn't just go back on their word. Perhaps they have other plans," Floyd analyzed on the side.
After listening to their persuasions, Ivor almost burst into laughter from anger.
"Do you think I'm that easily impulsive? That I'm someone who easily loses rationality?"
Yasmine and Floyd looked at each other, exchanging a glance.
Floyd thought to himself, 'Boss, you're usually so calm and collected that it surprised me to see you looking so gloomy, like you could kill someone at any time.' They had no choice but to advise!
###Chapter 1246
'Moreover, the progress of this matter also concerns whether you can meet Ms. Bonnie. If it were some other issue, it would be fine, but since it involves Ms. Bonnie, you tend to lose your composure quickly. How can they not intervene?'
Ivor could sense what Floyd was thinking but didn't know what to say.
He admitted that he had indeed lost control at first because he had spent so much time here and had been away from Bonnie for so long, all for the sake of obtaining the chip from the Nidhogg Organization. But his emotions gradually calmed down as he stood up from the chair and walked to the door. Just as Floyd had said, the Nidhogg Organization was one of the major international organizations, and their leader, managing such a large organization, wouldn't do something as disreputable and fickle.
The reason for their significant personnel movement tonight should be due to some other circumstances. But regardless, he needed to go and find out, to get a definite answer. Besides, they were partners with the Nidhogg Organization now, so he had to show some attitude. There may be something they could help with by going there.
Floyd felt a bit unnerved when he saw Ivor staring at him so intently. "Mr. Ivor, why are you looking at me like this?"
'Could it be that Mr. Ivor was angered by the Nidhogg Organization's actions and intended to vent his anger by dealing with me first?'
Ivor withdrew his gaze from him and said calmly, "It's nothing. Let's go. We're heading to the hotel where Collin is staying."
"Mr. Ivor, have you calmed down? Please don't act rashly when we get to the hotel!" Floyd advised cautiously and closely observing Ivor's expression, fearing he might do something impulsive.
Upon hearing this, Ivor first gave him a look that seemed to say, "Are you an idiot?" Then, he turned and walked straight ahead.
Floyd stood in place, rubbing the back of his head in confusion. "What does Mr. Ivor's expression mean?"
"What else could it mean?" Yasmine caught up with Ivor's steps and said, "It means he's looking at you like you're stupid."
"Huh?" Floyd's confusion deepened.
"Weren't we discussing Mr. Ivor's issue? How did it become my problem in the end?"
However, Ivor and Yasmine had already walked far ahead, leaving no one to answer his question. Floyd had to collect his thoughts and quickly catch up when he saw their gradually fading figures. Collin, who was organizing Bonnie's scheme, was alerted when he heard an unexpected knock on the hotel room door.
He ended the call with his subordinate, walked to the door, and asked in a stern voice, "Who is it?"
Hearing Collin's cautious tone, Ivor knew that something had indeed happened. He had interacted with Collin several times and knew that this was different from his usual way of speaking.
From this, he deduced that something significant had occurred on the Nidhogg Organization's end. And it was no small matter. With this in mind, Ivor composed himself and declared his identity to Collin from outside the door.
"Dark Knight Organization."
Upon hearing this, Collin's brow furrowed abruptly.
###Chapter 1247
Huh?
'Why is Mr. Vic, the leader of the Dark Knight Organization, coming here at this time? Could it be that they heard something and knew they were going to take action?'
There was no movement from inside after Ivor's response. Ivor spoke again, "It's not convenient to talk outside. Let me in first, and then we can talk."
Since Collin had already spoken, it wouldn't be appropriate to keep Ivor outside. So, he cleared his throat and said in a calm tone, "Wait a moment, I'll open the door."
As his words fell, with a click, the tightly closed door swung open. Collin's suspicion deepened when he leaned out from inside and saw Ivor and the others standing at the door.
He remembered that Bonnie had arranged his actions, and he hadn't notified the Dark Knight Organization. He was curious why they came uninvited.
It was bizarre.
Seeing Collin standing blankly inside and not inviting them in, Ivor raised an eyebrow.
"What? Is it not convenient to let us in?"
Collin instantly came to his senses and showed a calm smile.
"Of course it is. Why wouldn't it be?"
With that, he politely gestured for them to enter.
"Thank you." Ivor returned the courtesy and walked in with Floyd and Yasmine.
Collin closed the door and walked over to sit opposite Ivor.
"Is there something going on that prompted so many people from the Dark Knight Organization to come looking for me today?"
Ivor cut to the chase, "Our people said that the Nidhogg Organization had significant personnel movement today. I came specifically to ask if there's anything you need our help with." Collin first froze, then furrowed his brows tightly and looked at Ivor with hostility.
"Are you spying on us?"
Ivor's expression remained calm without the slightest fluctuation.
"We are partners. I had people watching you to assist at the earliest opportunity, and you also had people watching outside our hotel, didn't you?"
Collin smirked sarcastically.
"So, you're saying we're even. Let's not point fingers at each other."
"I'm not accusing your organization's behavior. I'm simply stating the situation," Ivor's tone remained light. "Now, can you tell me what's going on with your organization?" "Nothing," Collin chose to evade the question.
Since Bonnie had yet to tell him, he couldn't inform the Dark Knight Organization. However, he felt that this matter was internal to their organization and not suitable for the Dark Knight Organization's involvement, so he chose to keep it private.
Ivor raised an eyebrow, his tone suddenly becoming even lighter.
"We signed an agreement with your boss before, and your boss verbally promised me that you would notify us no matter what actions your side took. Now, you've broken the rules yourselves, secretly acting without informing us. What does that mean? Did you never consider us partners from the beginning?"
His voice was gentle, but it was heavy with frightening pressure, and he exuded a chilly atmosphere that made others afraid.
Collin was indeed initially overwhelmed by his intimidating presence, but he regained his composure and calmly met Ivor's gaze after just a few seconds.
###Chapter 1248
"Our boss did indeed promise you that we would inform you at the earliest opportunity once there was any action, but it only applies to matters concerning Billy's Organization. "What we need to do now is solve internal issues within our organization, which have nothing to do with Billy. Therefore, Mr. Vic, the Dark Knight Organization doesn't need to know." Upon hearing this, Ivor's eyebrows tightened even further, his deep and dark gaze fixed directly on Collin. Collin just sat in his chair, neither leaning nor dodging Ivor's gaze. He thought. 'Well, if he wanted to stare, let him. It's not like I would lose anything!'
Although that's what he thought, the aura emanating from Ivor was too strong, almost on par with his boss, which made it hard to ignore. In just a moment, he felt a chill down his spine and goosebumps rising. Of course, for the sake of his pride, even if he had to pretend, he had to keep his composure.
For a moment, neither of them spoke, leaving the atmosphere somewhat tense. Yasmine weakly spoke up from the side after seeing this, "Our boss doesn't mean anything else. It's just that we're a bit worried about the safety of your boss, so we came to check."
"Huh," Collin chuckled coldly. "Are you really worried about my boss's safety, or are you worried about not being able to borrow the chip?"
Although everyone knew the situation, being directly exposed like this made it different. Ivor's gaze grew darker and colder at Collin's words, but he remained silent, his lips tightly pursed.
Floyd couldn't bear it and spoke up. "While it's true that we want to borrow the chip from the Nidhogg Organization, it's also with your boss's permission and under contract.
"What do you mean by this? Do you think we're coveting your chip and planning to go back on our word? After all, you're not the boss of the Nidhogg Organization. Can you make decisions on behalf of your boss?"
Collin frowned tightly, suddenly standing up from his chair. "You're coveting our chip, and you still have the nerve to argue?"
"But haven't we helped you as well? We didn't just take your chip for nothing, did we?" Floyd retorted coldly while locking eyes with Collin.
The two stared at each other, the air thick with tension.
Yasmine acted as a peacemaker. "We're all in a cooperative relationship. Let's be friendly, shall we?"
'Who would have thought that our visit would turn into such a mess? If things got out of hand, I wouldn't be able to visit my savior openly anymore, right? So, we absolutely couldn't let things escalate... But obviously, they wouldn't listen to me. Then I could only pin my hopes on our boss!'
Yasmine turned her head to look at Ivor and whispered, "Boss, shouldn't you intervene? We can't let them escalate the situation, can we?"
Ivor glanced at her indifferently. "What do you think I should do?"
Just as Yasmine opened her mouth to speak, Collin's icy voice boomed through the room. "Anyway, there's nothing left to discuss since things have reached this point. You can leave now."
Floyd quickly responded with an equally cold tone, "You haven't clarified anything yet. Why should we leave? Besides, our two organizations have already signed a contract. You can't just dismiss us with a few words."
###Chapter 1249
"I've already made it clear. What more do you want me to say?" Collin stood up from his chair, unwilling to show weakness.
"That's enough." Ivor's voice was cold as he issued a warning glance at Floyd.
Floyd knew he had acted impulsively in this matter. He quickly lowered his head and stepped aside. Although he was in the wrong, Collin was also too overbearing.
Collin had never been fond of them since the beginning. Previously, his boss had kept him in check, so he had been relatively restrained. But now that his boss had gone into Billy's organization, his attitude had become increasingly arrogant, disregarding the cooperation between the two organizations.
However, this issue couldn't be resolved through arguing. Collin's intervention had already backfired, and they could only wait for his boss to fix it.
Collin looked at Ivor and asked, "Mr. Vic, do you have any further suggestions?"
Ivor narrowed his long eyes and emitted a cold aura. "Can you make decisions on behalf of your boss?"
Collin responded with a smirk, "Our boss holds the highest position in our organization. Of course, I cannot make decisions on his behalf. But I haven't done anything wrong in this matter. If you're unhappy with my decision, feel free to contact him."
"Huh." Ivor sneered. "Do you think I can't contact your boss, so you're deliberately saying this? What if I say I can contact him? When he left, he gave me a way to reach him."
Collin responded without hesitation, "Impossible!"
There was indeed an element of presumption on his part in this matter. As it involved Falcon, he considered it a family matter and believed that the Dark Knight Organization, as outsiders, shouldn't meddle.
But if his boss found out, she might criticize him or disagree with his actions. So, he indeed thought that they couldn't reach their boss, hence his audacious words.
'But Mr. Vic claimed that their boss had left them a way to contact her. I had never heard chief mention this. Perhaps it was a lie that Mr. Vic told to deceive him.'
"As I expected, you did this without your boss's permission!" Ivor deduced from Collin's reaction earlier. "I know you've had some conflicts with our organization in the past and don't like us, but after all, your boss is the boss of an international organization. You shouldn't do things that tarnish his reputation.
Ivor's words were incisive and reasonable, but Collin remained defiant. He only respected his boss.
"Don't lecture me with these lofty principles. I" Collin's words were cut off by the vibration of his phone on the table.
It was none other than Bonnie's calling.
Although Ivor and his group were present, answering the call would let Bonnie know that he had concealed these actions from her. However, Bonnie was already in a dangerous situation that wouldn't be acceptable if he didn't answer to keep her in the dark!
He wouldn't let his selfishness endanger their boss.
Collin quickly picked up the phone and answered, "Mr. Boyd? What's wrong? Do you have any instructions?"
Bonnie's voice came quickly from the other end of the line, "Oh, I just wanted to tell you not to inform Mr. Vic for now. After all, this is an internal matter of our organization, and it's not appropriate for them to get involved."
###Chapter 1250
Upon hearing Bonnie's words, Collin immediately perked up, his confidence evident in his voice.
"Mr. Boyd, rest assured, I will not disclose a single word about our upcoming actions to the Dark Knight Organization."
Previously, he had been anxious about his decision to hide their organization's plans from the Dark Knight Organization. But now, the situation was different with their boss's orders.
He could rightfully keep this matter secret and not inform the Dark Knight Organization, no matter what they did.
"Okay, then that's settled-" Bonnie was about to hang up, but she was interrupted by a deep, magnetic voice.
"I'm curious; what exactly are you planning? Why keep it from us? Aren't we partners? Hiding this from us seems a bit inappropriate, doesn't it?"
The unexpected sound of Ivor's voice stunned Bonnie.
"What are you doing there?" she asked while glancing down at the number she had dialed. Yes, it was Collin's number. So why was another voice coming from the other end? "Huh-"Ivor let out a cold chuckle, his mood foul.
Bonnie was perplexed. "I'm asking you a question. Don't you know how to answer? Stop with the sarcasm and tell me, why are you in Collin's room?"
Ivor's gaze was deep and unreadable, and he remained silent. Yasmine spoke up timidly to explain when she saw this scene.
"Savior, our boss heard that the Nidhogg Organization had a significant personnel movement and was concerned you might need help. So he came to ask Collin about the situation, but Collin refused to say anything..."
Bonnie instantly understood her meaning. "Thank you for your concern, but this matter is internal to our organization. We can handle it ourselves and don't need your help for now."
As she spoke, a faint, mysterious light flickered in her eyes. She wasn't naive; she understood Mr. Vic's true intentions. They claimed to want to help but were worried that they would take the chip without lending it to them.
"Didn't you say that neither organization could act unilaterally, or it would break our agreement? Is your current action an attempt to tear up our agreement?" Ivor's voice was cold and carried an unstoppable force.
Bonnie composed herself and responded with a calm tone. "I already said this is an internal matter of our organization and has nothing to do with the content of our agreement. So, our actions now are about handling family affairs."
Her words were flawless, leaving no room for error. Ivor's expression darkened momentarily as he took a deep breath to calm himself. After adjusting his mood, he spoke in a composed tone. "Fine, we won't participate in your actions this time, and we'll consider it as you handle internal affairs. However, I have one question that you must answer."
###Chapter 1251
Bonnie rolled her eyes.
'How dare he question me? Still, I must consider our working relationship.'
"You can ask me anything. I'll answer your questions if I can."
Ivor said straightforwardly, "Although we signed a contract, I need to know if you'll lend me the chip once you get it back from Falcon. Will you keep your word?"
Bonnie chuckled. "Do you think I'm untrustworthy?"
"I'm being serious, and I hope you will too. After all, it's a crucial concern of mine," Ivor said as he pursed his lips.
He could usually joke around with "Bonnie," but this was a severe moment. Ivor did not want her to take his question as a joke, especially since he had never lost sight of his purpose. Ivor worked with her so that he could study their chip.
He needed to extract a certain functionality from it to help his company push one of their projects. Ivor would not have stayed away from his wife for so long without the chip's particular functionality.
He thought he had secured the chip but discovered the Nidhoggs had been keeping secrets. Ultimately, Ivor found it difficult to trust them again.
'I've come too far to return empty-handed.'
"Mr. Vic, we've signed a contract, and I won't break it. Rest assured, I will never break my promises. However, I'm knee-deep in enemy territory, and it's tough to talk to you so freely. That doesn't mean I'm withholding information.
"I hope you and your men stop pressuring my people. Otherwise, you won't like what you see when you piss me off."
Ivor realized "Bonnie" was being forthright, so he did not argue. "Fantastic. I feel more confident now that you've said that."
He only wanted to confirm if he would access the chip after their mission and did not care about anything else. Fortunately, the Nidhoggs made most of the arrangements, so Ivor did not need to rack his brain for a plan.
"Okay," Bonnie said dryly, "Let me remind you not to pressure my men again. If you need anything, call me. I'll tell you what you want to know. Naturally, it only applies to our collaboration, and I won't discuss anything else."
"Sure," Ivor promised, "I'll stop pressuring your men and will call you if I have more questions."
"Okay, is that all? Can you leave and return my phone to my assistant? I need to discuss my organization's matters with him," Bonnie said bluntly.
"Yeah, I'll pass it to him." Ivor returned the phone to Collin before looking at Floyd and Yasmine. "Let's go."
###Chapter 1252
"Yes, boss," Floyd and Yasmine said in unison.
Before leaving, Yasmine spoke into Collin's phone, "You must stay safe, Mr. Boyd! I'll be waiting for your return!"
She was genuinely concerned about "Bonnie's" well-being. The latter chuckled and responded, "I'll do that."
When the trio finally left, Collin locked the door and said, "You did leave Vic your number, after all! I thought he was just bluffing."
Bonnie detected his strange tone. She said, "We work with each other. Of course, I'd exchange contact information with Vic to keep in touch. What's wrong? Did something happen before I called?"
Collin told her everything the Dark Knights did and how they worsened the situation. Then, he patted his fearfully, saying, "You have no idea how imposing Vic was when he interrogated me. I thought he was about to rip me to shreds.
"Still, I composed myself and protected you, Chief. Although I almost gave in, you called just in time. Otherwise, he would've broken me," he could not help but grumble, "Vic has always been easy to deal with when he talks to you, but not with me."
Collin might have seemed calm against "Ivor" and could even argue with the latter. However, it was just an act.
"His demeanor was terrifying, Chief."
Bonnie grinned. "The Dark Knights are formidable, and Vic manages them. Of course, he has to be tough. However, I disagree that he's easy to deal with around me. At most, he's a wolf in sheep's clothing." "Huh?" Collin scratched his head. "That means he's disingenuous, right? I thought you two always had a pleasant time chatting."
Bonnie scoffed, entirely disagreeing with that. "Vic only treats me kindly because of the chip. Why else would he be friendly toward me?"
Collin nodded in agreement. "Exactly! We should lend him the chip, especially since they kept pushing for an update!"
Usually, Collin would never say such things. He could only be honest around Bonnie because he trusted her.
The latter rubbed her brows and said, "We can't refuse to lend them our chip since we signed a contract. We shouldn't be dishonorable. Lending it to them for half a month won't hinder us. It's good to build a rapport with the Dark Knights. For all we know, we might need their help again."
“I
Collin agreed, "I guess you're right, Chief. The Dark Knights is a powerful organization. We'd be fools not to use them to our advantage."
Bonnie was still worried that the Dark Knights might put her men in a difficult position again. She said, "That's why you should avoid clashing with them when I'm absent. Tell them to call me if they need anything."
###Chapter 1253
Collin was unlikely to argue with the Dark Knights again but was sometimes impulsive. Hence, Bonnie thought she should remind him to avoid clashing with them.
"I understand, Chief," Collin replied, "So, when will we begin the operation?"
"Calm down. I think Falcon and Billy have agreed on how to deal with me. Let's wait for their move. Once I pass the test, we'll move on to the next phase." Bonnie was anxious to retrieve the chip and return to Ivor. However, it was a tricky situation to deal with.
'We should take it slow, or I'll slip and mess everything up. I'll stop thinking about how to speed things up. What matters is that everything goes smoothly. It's only a matter of time before I get the chip back.' "They're still trying to figure you out?" Collin felt a headache coming on. "Billy's a skeptic, and now Falcon is doubting your identity. We don't know how they'll test you. It's too dangerous for you to stay there." Bonnie sighed and said, "I'm not in danger since Billy values me. It's no big deal if I can pass their test. I can't help it if they decide to test me. I'll cross that bridge when I get there."
"Stay safe, Chief. Just text me when we can start the operation. I'll bring our men to back you up immediately." Collin could only give Bonnie his utmost support to pass Falcon's test. "You don't need to remind me, Collin. I know what I must do." Bonnie massaged her temples. "I'll hang up now. I need to rest to have the energy to deal with their tests." Before hanging up, Collin replied, "Understood."
Meanwhile, Floyd grew angry as he drove. He recalled how Collin treated Ivor and said, "Collin is keeping his guard up as if we're the bad guys. Why can't he just tell us what's happening? It's not like he has anything to lose."
'Collin hates seeing me, and the feeling's mutual! As far as I'm concerned, he's stubborn and doesn't know what's good for him.'
Ivor glanced sideways at Floyd and said, "It's pointless to keep talking about it."
Floyd frowned at his boss, saying, "Do you honestly believe them, Mr. Ivor? Don't you think they acted without checking with us? Don't tell me you believe their claims about it being their internal issues." Floyd did not believe the Nidhoggs. After all, they would not have tried so hard to hide things from the Dark Knights if the former were handling personal affairs.
Ivor calmly replied, "None of that matters."
###Chapter 1254
"Huh?" Yasmine was confused. "Don't these things bother you, boss? I thought you were furious with the Nidhoggs for hiding things from you."
Floyd agreed but stayed silent. Meanwhile, Ivor frowned when faced with their questioning looks. He said, "Why should I get mad at them for hiding the truth?"
"Well..." Yasmine was even more confused now. "Didn't we come here because they didn't tell us about the operation?"
"She's right, Mr. Ivor. What ticked you off, if you're not mad about that?" Floyd was just as puzzled as Yasmine.
Ivor looked at them condescendingly, saying, "I'm not mad because the Nidhoggs acted without us. I've spent too much time here to return empty-handed, and Boyd promised to lend us the chip. "They can do whatever they want. Things are better now that they don't need to use our men. That'll reduce casualties on our side. That said, I'll help if they need it. I'll just follow their lead and focus on doing my part."
Yasmine and Floyd finally understood why Ivor had just looked for Collin. Ivor had stayed at Yale for a long time because his only goal was to borrow the Nidhoggs' chip.
It did not matter if the Nidhoggs acted without the Dark Knights' knowledge. Moreover, Bonnie said she did not need their help, making it inappropriate for them to interrupt. After analyzing the situation and understanding Ivor's reasons, Yasmine praised him, "You thought everything through, boss! Floyd and I never thought of it that way." Floyd lowered his head embarrassedly. "I'm sorry, Mr. Ivor. I became too emotional and spouted nonsense in Collin's room earlier. I promise not to do such a thing next time." "Mhm," Ivor responded dryly, "It pays to be mindful of how you speak. It's especially true regarding Collin. You only need to focus on the job and avoid taking things personally." Ivor knew Collin and Floyd hated each other. However, the Nidhoggs and Dark Knights were working together, and Ivor wanted to have a good relationship with them. 'Although Collin was resentful, he doesn't report to me. I can't control the Nidhoggs' actions but can discipline my people.'
Floyd recognized his wrongdoings and said solemnly, "I understand, boss. I won't repeat the same mistake."
Floyd had lost control of his emotions several times when talking to Collin. The former recognized his flaw and did everything he could to stop it.
"Perfect," Ivor responded lightly before leaning back and closing his eyes, "Take us back to the hotel."
"Right away, sir," Floyd said as he sped toward the hotel.
Bonnie had just dozed off when someone knocked on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
A hint of impatience flashed in her eyes when she heard it.
###Chapter 1255
Bonnie slipped out of bed and opened the door. She was surprised to see Falcon standing in the corridor. "Can I help you?"
She thought it would be a while before he bugged her, especially after what happened. Then, she thought he must have found a way to probe her.
"Can't I just visit you?" Falcon casually entered the room and looked around. It looked like he was checking for anything out of the ordinary.
Bonnie noticed it but feigned ignorance. She calmly sat on a chair and poured herself some tea. She nodded at him and gestured at the teacup, saying, "Of course you can. I never said you can't visit. Would you like some tea?"
Falcon graciously sat across from her and smiled. "Yeah, I'll have some. After all, I'd be rude to reject your offer."
Bonnie smiled back. "I appreciate you saying that."
"Hahaha, you always have a way with words." Falcon drank the tea. However, it was so bitter that he almost spat it out. He grimaced as he put down the cup and asked, "What kind of tea is this? It's so bitter." "It's tazo tea," Bonnie smirked, "I usually drink it to stay awake."
Falcon nudged the cup aside, saying, "It's such a wonderful tea. You should save it for yourself."
The tea was so bitter that he never wanted to drink it again. It even made his head numb.
Bonnie sipped her tea and asked, "Did you need something? I don't believe you came just to chat."
"Why not?" Falcon raised his brows. "That's all I'm here for."
Bonnie smiled, albeit not sincerely. "Really? I seem to recall we're not as close as you think."
"Don't be so distant, Barrett." Falcon smiled but kept his distance while probing "Bonnie."
Of course, he did not come just to chat, and Bonnie saw right through him. She knew he was just pretending to be nice.
'I wonder what his angle is, but I'm in no hurry since he came to look for me. It doesn't matter what he's trying to achieve. I only need to sit quietly, and he'll tell me everything.'
Falcon noticed Bonnie's silence and could not help but study her expression.
###Chapter 1256
"You look a little..." Falcon dragged his words as he observed "Bonnie's" expression. He was waiting for her reaction to determine whether or not something was amiss.
Of course, Bonnie saw through him. She grinned playfully and got closer to him. "What's wrong? Do you have a problem with how I look?"
Falcon was shocked when she moved closer. He backed off and stammered, "Wh-whoa, you're a little too close there, buddy."
Bonnie turned sideways and said in puzzlement, "I thought you wanted to say something about my face. I thought you couldn't see clearly, so I leaned closer to ensure you could get a better look."
Falcon did not expect her to be so straightforward. He said embarrassedly, "I was just joking. I wanted to see how you'd react and didn't think you'd take it so seriously."
He was trying to figure her out and could not afford to show his intentions. Moreover, he could not cross the line until he had a definitive answer. The last thing he wanted was to piss Bonnie off and make her leave Billy's organization. If that happened, Billy would unleash his wrath on Falcon.
"Oh, that's why." Bonnie pretended to accept his explanation. "I thought you found something wrong with my face and wanted a better look."
"N-Not exactly." Falcon rubbed his nose guiltily. "It was just a light-hearted joke."
Bonnie sipped her tea and responded dryly, "Oh, gotcha."
Meanwhile, Falcon kept observing everything Bonnie did, including her expression.
'Barrett looks so calm. I can't find a flaw even if I tried. Still, that's where the real problem lies. According to Billy's explanation about Barrett's background, it's unlikely the latter can remain so calm when he's in the heart of this organization.'
That was Falcon's speculation and not a definitive answer. He knew he had to do more probing to find out if "Bonnie" was a spy.
She noticed his curious gaze and looked at him. She felt her cheek and asked, "Why do you keep looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?"
"Th-that's not it," Falcon responded, "You're so handsome that I can't stop looking at you."
Bonnie became wide-eyed as she said playfully, "I'm sorry, but I don't swing that way."
Falcon was shocked. When he returned to his senses, he said grimly, "If you don't like men, it's crazy to think I do! Don't twist my words!"
###Chapter 1257
Bonnie casually watched as Falcon worked himself up. She said, "I thought you praised my looks because you were interested in me. I'm sorry for misunderstanding you."
Falcon frowned, saying, "That's enough of that. Don't speak of this around Billy, okay?"
'I love women! How dare Barrett twist my words and p*** my sexuality?! I hate this guy!'
The joy in Bonnie's eyes grew more apparent. She even sounded humorous as she said, "It's okay. Now that you've clarified your sexuality, you don't have to worry about me spreading false rumors."
Falcon did not expect any of that. Not only did he fail to probe "Bonnie," but she also annoyed him. Ultimately, he could not stay any longer. He waved to her and said, "I almost forgot, but Billy asked me to do something. I'll see you later."
Bonnie waved back. "All right, I'll let you get back to it."
Falcon remembered something as he approached the door. He stopped and said, "Billy said everyone has been working hard lately. He wants to throw a party for us and wants you there."
Bonnie knew the party was just another test of her loyalty. It was as she had expected. Falcon had come looking for her because he and Billy had devised a way to figure her out. She even wondered what kind of tests awaited her at the party.
'I'm looking forward to a little challenge.'
With that in mind, Bonnie looked at Falcon and said, "I'll gladly oblige since Mr. Billy wants me there. Just give me the address, and I'll be there."
"Billy doesn't know where he'll host the party yet," Falcon said while checking the time, "Just stay here and rest. Once we've arranged everything, Billy will send one of his men to get you. I have something to do, so I'll see you later."
"All right." Bonnie waved. "Goodbye."
Falcon pretended he was in a hurry but stopped once he closed the door and turned a corner. Then, he composed himself and opened a door to another room. The first thing he saw was Billy relaxing on a chair.
The latter heard the footsteps and knew who it was. Billy opened his eyes and leisurely asked, "How'd it go? Did you find anything fishy about Barrett?"
Falcon shook his head. "Nope, nothing."
Billy scoffed. "I told you so. You just have to accuse him of being shady. What the hell are you thinking?"
Falcon shrugged and sat across from Billy. "Everything might be okay for now, but it pays to be cautious. The last thing we want is for something to go wrong when we give him the chip. Then, we can't do anything about it."
Billy agreed, "I guess you're right. You can probe all you want, but don't overdo it. After all, Barrett is instrumental. I don't want to strain my relationship with him before I can even use his skills. "Otherwise, he might consider leaving if I forced him to stay. Don't ruin his unwavering loyalty for me now, Falcon."
###Chapter 1258
"You don't have to worry about a thing. I know not to overstep my bounds, Billy," Falcon said coldly. He had considered things from different angles, but nothing seemed right about Barrett. Falcon wanted to keep testing "Bonnie" until he was satisfied.
"Okay," Billy replied and waved. "You'll be in charge of tonight's party. I refuse to get involved in planning it."
"Why, though?" Falcon was puzzled. "Don't you want to know if Barrett's a spy?"
Billy squinted, his eyes sparkling with wisdom. "I'll take a back seat and let you handle the party."
Falcon understood Billy's intentions and became excited. "I feel a little better now that you've said that. I'll give it my all and do things my way."
Billy glanced sideways at him and said dryly, "I won't intervene since you claim to know when not to cross the line."
"You can trust me, Billy." Falcon nodded solemnly. "I appreciate your faith in me. I won't disappoint you."
Billy waved. "Mhm, you can leave now."
Once Falcon left, Francesco asked, "Are you sure about this, sir? Why won't you check on his progress? We might lose someone as multi-talented as Mr. Barrett because of Falcon's recklessness." "That won't happen," Billy replied confidently.
Francesco noticed his boss's certainty and could not help but ask in puzzlement, "H-How are you so sure, sir?"
Billy squinted and casually said, "Falcon stole the chip from the Nidhoggs. Since they're working with the Dark Knights now, Falcon has two international organizations hunting him down. The Nidhoggs would've captured him if District Nine wasn't my territory.
"Falcon is indebted to me and wants the chip's functionalities. He wants to stay in our organization and remain protected. Still, we need Barrett's expertise to crack the chip. Falcon can do whatever he wants but won't cost us someone as multi-talented as Barrett. After all, Falcon needs that young man more than we do."
Francesco nodded in understanding. "So, that's how it is. You constantly remind Falcon to be careful because you fear he might cost us Barrett, right?"
"Of course, I'm worried about that!" Billy scoffed. "Despite everything I said, Falcon might still overstep while trying to probe Barrett. I have to constantly remind him not to do that." Francesco nodded again. "I understand, Mr. Billy. I must say you've thought of everything."
"That's a given." Billy looked at his assistant disdainfully. "I'm not like you. You've been working for me for so long, yet you're still an airhead who hasn't acquired any of my wisdom!"
Realizing Billy was genuinely displeased, Francesco lowered his head embarrassedly, saying, "You're such an intelligent person, Mr. Billy. No matter how hard I try, I can never be as wise as you."
Although Francesco was dense sometimes, he had a way with words. Billy sighed and said, "That's enough. Go and complete the tasks I've given you. We mustn't let the Nidhoggs or the Dark Knights discover where we are before we crack the chip!"
"Right away, sir." Francesco nodded before leaving.
Meanwhile, Billy muttered, "Falcon and Barrett are skillful. I should add them to my ranks. They might become my best henchmen and conquer the world for me. Hahaha!"
###Chapter 1259
Billy had worked hard for a long time, and his dream of conquering every international organization was within reach. He could not wait for it to become a reality.
As the night rolled on, Bonnie leaned against the window and glanced at the sparse stars in the sky. Then, she looked further and saw a moving crowd. She grinned coldly and muttered, "Hmph, it looks like I won't be getting any sleep tonight."
Suddenly, someone knocked on her door.
Knock, knock, knock!
Displeased, she muttered, "Speak of the devil."
She suppressed her emotions and got into character as she opened the door. She looked at Francescco and asked, "Is the party starting soon?"
He gathered his thoughts and answered, "Yes, Mr. Barrett. Mr. Billy sent me to get you."
"Mhm," Bonnie responded dryly before leaving her room. "Lead the way. I don't know where they're hosting the party."
He respectfully replied, "Right away, Mr. Barrett."
While following Francesco, Bonnie thought, 'Billy and Falcon prepared tonight's party to figure me out. I wonder what tests they've devised for me.'
At that moment, Francesco said, "We're here."
'That was quick.'
Bonnie raised her brows and looked up to see a warehouse. She grew suspicious, asking, "Is this where they're hosting the party?"
She thought she had to leave the hotel to get to the party. However, she was just a short distance from her room. She wondered if this warehouse was where they usually had their parties. If so, she found it tacky.
Francesco noticed her confusion and explained, "It might look like a warehouse, but it's completely different inside."
Bonnie asked in surprise, "Oh, is there something fun and exciting inside?"
###Chapter 1260
"Naturally," Francesco said smilingly, "Plenty of exciting things await you inside. You'll know what I mean once you're in there." Bonnie replied, "All right, I appreciate you taking me here."
He did not expect her to thank him. He scratched his head embarrassedly and said, "I-It's nothing. I was just doing my job." Bonnie smiled and said, "You may leave if that's all. I'll just go inside and check it out for myself."
"All right, Mr. Falcon is waiting for you inside." Francesco nodded and left.
Bonnie approached the warehouse and reached a door. Just as she held the doorknob, she stopped and muttered, "I wonder if there's anything mind-boggling in there. I should prepare myself mentally before entering."
Suddenly, she heard Falcon's voice behind her, "Barrett, you're here. Why aren't you going in? Are you worried something shocking is inside?"
Bonnie turned and noticed how close he was. He was also smilingly sheepishly. The former said, "Yeah, it's my first time attending such a party. I'm a little nervous about seeing something I don't like."
Falcon observed and was a little thrown off at how honest she was. He also noticed how embarrassed "Bonnie" looked.
'Barrett looks like an inexperienced teenager. It doesn't look like he's faking it, either. However, things are different than I predicted. Boyd has experienced various things and has seen everything there is. He would've never reacted like this.'
Falcon's suspicions began to waver. He even wondered if there was nothing wrong with "Bonnie" after all.
Bonnie noticed him staring at her. She could not help but ask, "What's wrong? Why are you staring at me like that? Oh, do you have feelings for me?"
Falcon's expression kept changing, and Bonnie could not guess his thoughts. Even so, she figured it could be a test.
Falcon paled when he heard that. "Come on, Barrett! I like women, and I don't have feelings for you! Please stop questioning my sexuality. It makes me uncomfortable."
Bonnie felt playful but appeared innocent, saying, "I'm not trying to misunderstand you. You recently praised me for my good looks and kept staring at me. Anyone would be suspicious."
Falcon sighed and helplessly explained, "I'm looking at you because you remind me of my old friend. That's why I can't help staring at you. I apologize if it gives you the wrong idea about me."
###Chapter 1261
Barrett looked nothing like Bonnie. However, Falcon kept staring to see if Bonnie was in disguise. Falcon felt distressed as he never expected "Bonnie" to misunderstand his sexuality.
'I like women, but he twisted my meaning. Of course, I'll feel uncomfortable!'
Bonnie crossed her arms and said, "You must miss your old friend so much that you see them in me. Oh, your friend was your boss, right?"
She knew what Falcon was trying to do but did not expose him. Instead, she played along to dispel his suspicions.
"I-I don't miss him. It's just that-" Falcon did not know how to explain himself, so he changed the topic by gesturing for her to look at the door. "Forget about it. We're hosting this party for everyone to relax and have fun.
"Let's go inside, enjoy ourselves, and forget our worries. It's meaningless to stand here and talk, right?"
"I guess so," Bonnie agreed, "Let's head in and see if anything interesting is happening. Go ahead. I'm right behind you."
Falcon could not resist chuckling. "I knew you were worried about seeing something shocking inside! Fine, I'll take the lead if that makes you feel better. I can do that, but Billy will be displeased if he sees you being submissive."
Bonnie readily agreed, "Yeah, Mr. Billy likes his people to have grit."
Falcon glanced at her sideways. "Although you haven't been here long, you already know him well."
She looked at his curious eyes and shrugged. "It's not that. I just understood it by observing you. After all, you're pretty fearless."
Everyone loved being praised, and Falcon was no exception. He wanted to test "Bonnie," but his suspicions vanished when he heard that. "Hahaha, I didn't expect you to be such a sweet-talker! No wonder Billy likes you so much."
Bonnie played along and chuckled. "It looks like you like me a lot, too."
"Of course I do! No one can resist someone as capable as you," Falcon said joyfully. Although he did not realize it, he was also getting closer to "Bonnie." Therefore, he dropped his guard slightly. "Come on, I'll show you how to party. It's time you learn to have fun!"
Falcon opened the warehouse door, and loud music echoed. Bonnie squinted when she saw what was happening inside.
'Did Billy build a huge bar inside his organization? It seems the only people who get to enter are the core members.'
###Chapter 1262
Inside, each core member had sexy women in their arms. Since everyone there was from the organization, they behaved l***.
Bonnie's eyes brimmed with disdain. Falcon glanced at her and could guess her thoughts. Then, he looked inside and exclaimed, "Hey, guys! It's Barrett's first time attending our party. He's struggling to adjust, so try to rein it in a little, okay?"
Everyone looked over and noticed how pure "Bonnie" looked. They thought she was just a harmless sheep who accidentally entered a slaughterhouse. However, those thoughts only lasted a second. Since Billy valued her, they adjusted their behavior and became more reserved.
Billy even said he intended to mentor "Bonnie" to make her his second-in-command. Everyone knew they would suffer if they ignored her feelings, and she told Billy about it.
Meanwhile, Bonnie felt a little more relaxed once everyone calmed down. They even cleared a seat for her and invited her over.
"Over here, Barrett. Have a seat."
"A show that every man loves is about to start. I guarantee you'll love it, too!"
"Mr. Billy prepared it just for you, so have some fun, will you?"
Considering what they said, Bonnie knew they were referring to a s*** show. A potent disdain arose in her chest as she said, "I don't like such shows. Please call it off."
No one expected her to be so upfront. They could only exchange looks, not knowing how to respond. That was when Falcon said, "Billy prepared it for you. You'll have to tell him yourself if you don't like it. Complaining to us won't help."
Simultaneously, he gazed at Bonnie, thinking, 'The s*** dance is one of the tests I prepared for Barrett. Boyd couldn't stand these shows, either. That makes it the perfect way to ensure my old boss isn't disguising himself as Barrett.'
However, Falcon did not expect Bonnie to be so honest. After all, Bonnie's fearlessness reminded Falcon of Boyd.
'I thought Barrett would try to pretend to like the s*** show. I figured he'd look at us in disgust but not be vocal about it. I guess that would seem like Boyd's infiltrating Billy's organization. However, Barrett explicitly said he doesn't like s*** shows. I'm not sure what to do now.'
Suddenly, Bonnie stood up and said, "I'm going to look for Mr. Billy. You said he arranged this show and party for me, right? If that's the case, he has to remove whatever I don't like about the party." As she approached the door, Falcon motioned to grab her, saying, "Hold on a minute!"
Surprisingly, Bonnie dodged his grasp.
###Chapter 1263
Bonnie frowned and questioned, "Are you stopping me from looking for Mr. Billy? You said he threw this party for me, right? I hate s*** shows and shouldn't have to watch it."
She said that to dispel Falcon's suspicions. After all, Falcon knew Boyd was wise and mature as a leader. The latter was never impulsive, either. Hence, Bonnie acted recklessly as part of her character as Barret to stop Falcon from getting more suspicious.
As expected, Falcon's curious and suspicious gaze dissipated.
'Considering how Boyd used to do things, he'd never act this recklessly. Now, Barrett's making a huge fuss by wanting to complain to Billy about something he dislikes. That doesn't match Boyd's style at all.' With that in mind, Falcon smiled and said, "Since you don't like the s*** show, I'll call it off. Billy's resting now, so don't bug him."
Billy had entrusted Falcon to handle the party and only wanted to see the results of the latter's tests. If "Bonnie" went to complain to Billy, he would scold Falcon.
'I can't bother with the drama. I should handle it myself.'
Bonnie raised her brows and asked, "You said complaining to you won't make a difference, right? The others told me to look for Mr. Billy, too. How come you can call the shots now?"
Falcon chuckled awkwardly and said, "We were just pulling your leg. I didn't think you'd take it seriously."
Bonnie was pleased to see him so embarrassed. Instead of arguing, she said, "Okay, cancel the show. I'm not interested in such things."
"All right, I'm on it." Falcon quickly called one of the henchmen and canceled the show. Then, he looked at her and asked, "Are you happy now?"
She nodded. "Absolutely."
Falcon pursed his lips, thinking Barrett was more challenging to please than Billy. "Bonnie" had so many requests that it made it harder for him to test her. Falcon could not even tell if she was doing it on purpose.
Bonnie subtly grinned when she noticed his reaction.
'Everything's going to plan. After all, I mentored Falcon. He might know me well, but I know him better. I can predict what he'll do next, too. Also, the s*** show can't be the only test Billy and Falcon have. There must be something else, but I can't figure it out yet.'
Bonnie collected her thoughts and smiled at Falcon, saying, "Is that the only interesting thing you had planned for this party?"
###Chapter 1264
"Of course not! There's more," Falcon responded smilingly, "I threw this party for everyone to have fun and experience exciting things. Why would the s*** show be the only event? That'd be boring." Bonnie was curious as she raised her brow and asked, "Oh, what are the other events?"
"Relax. You'll find out soon enough," Falcon said while winking at "Bonnie" mysteriously.
She said, "Just give it to me straight instead of being so evasive."
"That would take the fun out of everything, that's why." Falcon continued to keep Bonnie on her toes. "It's best to keep things a mystery."
Suddenly, someone opened the door, and he smiled creepily. "Speak of the devil. You're in for a treat now, Barrett."
'What's that supposed to mean?' Bonnie wondered as she looked toward the stage. The lighting was bright, and all she saw were blurred figures. It seemed they were placing something massive onto the stage.
Once the light faded a little, the scent of blood wafted. Bonnie squinted, and what she saw made her shiver. Several mangled and bloodied people were in a locked cage. They had been tortured before getting put onto the stage.
She always knew Billy was ruthless, even before infiltrating his organization. However, he typically maintained a degree of decency. Still, this scene caused a chill to run down Bonnie's spine.
'Billy lives up to his cruelty. He ordered his men to torture these people. Instead of ending these poor souls' misery, he keeps them alive.'
Then, she turned to look at the core members and realized they were unfazed. It was as if they had grown accustomed to seeing such gory things.
Bonnie was still thinking when Falcon chuckled and said, "Do you know who those people are, Barrett?"
She played along, asking, "Who are they?"
"They're..." Falcon paused to keep her in suspense. Then, he observed her and said, "...the Nidhoggs."
Bonnie was shocked but did not show it. Even so, she had always cared about and treated those in her organization like family.
Meanwhile, Falcon focused on her reaction as he told her who those tortured people were. He wanted to see if Bonnie would launch a rescue mission for her fellow Nidhoggs. However, his plan had failed yet again.
###Chapter 1265
Since Bonnie had maintained constant contact with Collin, he would have told her if anyone from her organization had gone missing. That meant those poor, tortured souls were not members of the Nidhoggs. 'Falcon thinks he can make up such stories without me knowing. He should consider himself lucky that they're not my people. Otherwise, I'll torture him the same way he tortured those guys.'
With that in mind, Bonnie asked curiously, "Is that like an organization? Are the Nidhoggs Mr. Billy's rival organization or something?"
Falcon realized "Bonnie" was unaffected by these "Nidhoggs." Instead, she looked curious about them. If she were undercover, she would have lost control of her emotions after seeing how those "Nidhoggs" had been tortured.
'Barrett's too calm about this. Did I misjudge him? Maybe he just shares some similarities with Boyd. They might not be the same person, after all.'
Falcon might have thought about it that way but did not jump to conclusions. Instead, he answered with a smile, "That's right. The Nidhoggs are the most wicked organization, and Billy has been trying to defeat them.
"One of our future missions is to help him wipe them out. Considering your skill set, that won't be an issue." Falcon continued to monitor Bonnie as he spoke. Although he was not as obvious about it as before, he never stopped probing her.
Bonnie looked into his eyes and asked, "What did the Nidhoggs do that was so bad? Why do you think they're wicked?"
She looked at him coldly, thinking, 'Everyone treated Falcon so well when he was with us. I never thought he'd betray us and join Billy. What an ungrateful little prick!'
Suddenly, Falcon felt a chill down his spine. He wanted to continue slandering the Nidhoggs but ultimately decided against it. "I can't make any more comments on that, but just keep that in mind. The Nidhoggs are Billy's rivals. If you run into them, kill them. Spare no one!"
His eyes brimmed with hatred as he spoke, causing Bonnie to frown.
'Calling Falcon an ungrateful little prick isn't enough. People like him are animals-no, he's much worse!'
Falcon sensed the shift in "Bonnie's" emotions. He looked at her and caught a sense of coldness in her eyes. "What's wrong? You look uncomfortable. Do you disagree with what I said about the Nidhoggs?" Bonnie tried her best to suppress her emotions. Even so, some of it spilled out, and Falcon noticed. No one could remain calm after hearing his bold claims, especially not Bonnie. Although she had genuinely mentored him, he talked about killing everyone in the Nidhogg organization.
Worse, Bonnie spent the same effort on Falcon as with Collin. She never expected Falcon to return her favor with such cruelty.
Bonnie sighed and strained to keep her emotions in check. Then, she smiled and said, "That's not it. I've never seen something so gruesome and just feel sick. Still, I'll take your advice to heart."
###Chapter 1266
"Not bad." Falcon smirked in satisfaction with Bonnie's answer. "I knew Billy liked you for a reason. You're true to yourself."
Bonnie smiled before resuming her usual disinterested look.
"Now, onto the next event!" Falcon cracked a whip menacingly. "Since Billy wants to make you his second-in-command, what do you think you should do to these Nidhoggs, whom Billy hates so much?"
Bonnie squinted as she thought, 'What an animal! He wants me to whip these poor souls when they're barely clinging to life as it is. If I did that, they'd surely die. I'm trying to dispel his suspicions, but I can't kill innocent people!'
Falcon did not give her a chance to negotiate. He handed her the whip and said, "What's wrong? This will be part of your daily life if you become Billy's right-hand man. If you don't get used to this, you can't handle working for him."
He looked at the stunned "Bonnie" and approached her. He squinted and asked, "Aren't you going to do it? Are you disobeying Billy's orders?"
He stared at her, trying to reveal her true colors. However, she stepped back, knowing what he was trying to do. Then, she grinned, took the whip, and struck it at his feet.
Falcon thought he was about to get hit, so he covered his head and screamed, "Ahh!"
However, he felt no pain. He slowly looked up and saw Bonnie's sarcastic gaze. He thought she looked just like Boyd.
'Boyd used to look like that during lectures. Now, Barrett looks just like him. A-Are they the same person?' Falcon gulped, anxious to confirm his suspicions.
Suddenly, he realized Bonnie no longer looked sarcastic. Instead, she seemed mildly confused when asked, "What's wrong? I only took the whip from you. Did that scare you? You can't be this much of a coward, right?"
Falcon could just sense her mocking tone. He was furious, feeling like she had played him for a fool. Then, he pointed at the people in the locked cages and shouted, "Go on! Teach them a lesson on how tough you are! Make them wail and torture them to death!"
His voice brimmed with wickedness to make Bonnie feel bad.
'Barrett shouldn't have made me look foolish! I'll s*** him of his innocence and turn him into a twisted man!'
###Chapter 1267
Suddenly, Bonnie did something out of Falcon's expectations. Not only did she disobey him, but she even tossed the whip aside, saying, "I refuse."
Falcon said in disbelief, "Wh-what did you say?!"
Bonnie looked at him and slowly repeated, "I refuse!"
Falcon was about to say something when she added, "Are you going to say I'm disobeying Billy? You must want to threaten me with his name again. If so, feel free to tell on me."
Falcon asked coldly, "Aren't you afraid of him, Barrett? Do you have no respect for him?"
Meanwhile, Billy watched everything from the warehouse's second floor. He revealed a menacing smile as he played with the python "Bonnie" had gifted him.
Francesco noticed it and said timidly, "Barrett keeps pitting himself against Falcon. How do you want to handle him now, sir?"
Billy had always hated those who disobeyed and rebelled against him. It was apparent "Bonnie" was one of those people. Although she kept challenging Falcon, she lived on borrowed time, regardless of how talented Billy thought she was.
"Calm down. Let's listen to what Barrett has to say." Billy squinted mysteriously.
Francesco dared not make any more comments. He could only respond respectfully, "Understood, Mr. Billy."
Meanwhile, Bonnie told Falcon, "It's not that I don't respect Mr. Billy. However, my job here is to help him with my intelligence. It has been that way since I arrived. Nothing I do involves getting violent.
"Also, I've never tortured anyone. I fear it'll traumatize me too much. You're telling me to whip those people, but it will stress my mind. What if I can no longer help Mr. Billy because of it? Will you be responsible for making him lose someone as useful as me?"
Falcon wanted to retort but did not know how. On the contrary, he thought she had a fine point. Such torture and gore would take a toll on the mind, especially for someone as "inexperienced" and "innocent" as "Bonnie."
'It's Barrett's first time coming to our party. I shouldn't force him to partake in such a brutal event.'
Bonnie could sense Falcon's hesitance. She squinted and stepped toward him, asking, "Why aren't you saying anything? Can you bear the responsibility when I become mentally unstable and can no longer work for Mr. Billy? If you have no issues with that, I'll whip those people on the stage."
She glanced sideways at Falcon as if to probe him. She knew Billy only wanted her for her capabilities and computer skills. Since that was the case, Falcon would have a hard time explaining himself to Billy if "Bonnie" had post-traumatic stress disorder.
'I knew Falcon would use Billy's name to threaten me, so I'm using his technique against him.'
###Chapter 1268
As Bonnie expected, Falcon called her out, "Now, hold on just a minute!"
She grinned and feigned ignorance, asking, "What, did you change your mind again? Do you want me to whip them or not?"
Falcon gritted his teeth, looking like he was trying to say something. However, he did not know where to start. After some thought, he said, "I was just kidding. You don't have to whip them. You can return to your seat now."
'This Barrett guy is bugging the hell out of me! When I finally think I can expose him, he does something that makes me hesitate. I don't know if he's just playing dumb, but how does he keep avoiding my traps?!'
"Oh, okay," Bonnie dragged out her voice, her eyes sparkling with playfulness. "If it was a joke, why are you looking at me like that?"
"What do you mean?" Falcon felt his cheeks, wondering if he had revealed his thoughts through his expression.
"Well..." Bonnie rubbed her chin and grinned. Then, she observed his expression and added, "I can tell you want me to whip those guys. Fine, I'll do it, okay? I don't want you and Mr. Billy to fight. I bet you'll find it hard to explain yourself to him, too."
She thought by saying that, Falcon would stop wanting her to whip those people on the stage.
Falcon felt stumped. It had been long since anyone had made him feel so powerless. He sighed to suppress his frustrations before saying, "Billy won't scold me, but I've changed my mind. You don't have to whip those guys. Just stay put, okay?"
Bonnie grinned again and sat on the couch. "If that's the case, I'll sit right here. Why don't you join me? Aren't you tired of standing?"
Falcon's lips twitched before he strained a smile and said, "All right, I'll join you."
He admitted "Bonnie" was a tough nut to crack. The latter was just too good at making up impossible excuses to refute. Falcon felt drained when dealing with someone as intelligent as her. 'I'm no closer to knowing if Barrett and Boyd are the same people. He's like a concrete wall I can't penetrate!'
Meanwhile, Billy could not help but laugh when he heard Bonnie's response. "Hahaha, I told you Barrett's a smart guy! Still, he's wiser than I thought. It won't be long before we can let him work on the chip." Confused, Francesco said, "Mr. Billy, Falcon told Barrett that the people in the cage are the Nidhoggs. Barrett was unwilling to hit them. Doesn't that make you suspicious? Why would you let him work on the chip?"
Billy glanced sideways at him, saying, "I knew you were dumb, but not this dumb."
"Please enlighten me, sir." Francesco lowered his head, looking like he was eager to learn.
Billy liked his commendable attitude. He said, "Although Barrett was unwilling to whip those guys, it doesn't mean he's a member of the Nidhoggs. Considering the backstory Barrett gave us, he has lived a peaceful life and has never witnessed anything so gory.
"I'd expect him to be scared of whipping those guys. Also, it shows how pure and innocent Barrett is, thereby reducing my suspicions of him being a spy. Otherwise, he wouldn't have feared whipping them." Francesco nodded. "I get it now, sir."
###Chapter 1269
"Mhm," Billy responded with a hint of coldness in his eyes, "Barrett is legit so far, but I won't jump to conclusions yet. Falcon has more tests for him. We'll see how everything plays out before making a final decision."
Francesco looked at his boss with admiration, saying, "You're such an intelligent man, Mr. Billy."
Billy enjoyed hearing that. He raised his chin proudly and said, "Stick with me and learn everything I'm teaching you."
Francesco nodded. "Of course!"
Since Falcon had failed to probe "Bonnie" again, he reined it briefly. That said, he continued to chat and laugh with her. He also did not show her too much of his emotions. He realized he did not need to rush and calmed down.
'I still have the last test for Barrett, and it's a big one. I'll find out everything I need to know after that.'
An hour later, Falcon wobbled as he stood up, pretending to be drunk. “I'm—burp! I'm wasted and need to sleep.”
The others came over to help him, saying, "I'll help you to your room, Falcon."
"You look pretty exhausted. Why don't you head upstairs for a massage?”
"He's wasted. Why are you suggesting a massage? Just get Falcon to his room so he can rest.'
The others helped Falcon to his room and forgot about "Bonnie." Only a few core members stayed back and continued chatting in the warehouse.
"I heard things will end horribly for the Nidhoggs. Not only did we torture them, but we'll also inject them with drugs later. I wonder if they'll last the night."
"What do you mean? Don't tell me you feel sorry for them."
"Why would I? I'm just trying to strike up a conversation. The Nidhoggs had it coming when they crossed Mr. Billy."
"Yeah, Mr. Billy is the last person they should've offended. The Nidhoggs deserved to be tortured!"
As the others did not intend to be discreet, Bonnie heard everything. She knew they wanted her to hear their conversation. Although the people in the cage were not members of the Nidhoggs, Bonnie could no help but feel sorry for them.
'They've already suffered so much, yet these guys want to drug them. I don't know who those poor guys are, but Falcon's using them to test me. They're like his lab rats.'
Bonnie wanted to help the tortured men. However, she had to be careful if things did not go as planned. After all, she was in hot water, too.
Suddenly, she heard a series of screams, "Ahhh!"
###Chapter 1270
Bonnie could only imagine the hellish torture these people suffered just by hearing their blood-curdling screams. She frowned as she balled her fists. However, she quickly lowered her gaze and suppressed he emotions.
'Billy's men are cruel and heartless. They're doing all this just to test me. It seems I have more work to do besides retrieving my chip. I'll have to tear down Billy's organization. That'll do the citizens of Yale a favor.'
Falcon was Bonnie's most considerable regret. Nothing could ever compare to him. Hence, she decided to deal with him herself. Suddenly, she heard a broken voice begging for help, "Chief, kill me and end my suffering! Please end my pain!"
The person's anguish caused Bonnie to shiver. She froze and remembered something that happened several years ago. It was her first time taking her men out on a mission.
One of them sacrificed themselves and ended up letting the enemy inject him with an unknown drug. When she escaped and brought another team to rescue the man, his body was already decaying. The man was in so much pain that he could only roll on the ground and scream. Bonnie remembered the pain he experienced as he begged her to kill him. Despite his grim request, she did not give up on him. Instead, she brought him back and treated him with the best medicine available. Initially, the man tried to survive. However, he ultimately took Bonnie's gun and shot himself, leaving a massive emotional scar on Bonnie.
Falcon also witnessed everything and knew how much it affected Bonnie. That was why he showed "Bonnie" the mangled and bloodied men in the cage before telling Billy's men to chat about injecting them with drugs.
'Falcon must've told these guys to say these things. He did all this to get under my skin. Hmph, what a f*** animal! He has no shred of humanity left in him! He's having fun tearing open my old wound to make me blow my cover.'
Bonnie etched these moments into her memories. She wanted to make him pay for everything he did, including his betrayal.
Meanwhile, the supposedly drunk Falcon went to the warehouse's second floor. He stood beside Billy and saw how Bonnie froze. Falcon said excitedly, "We'll soon find out if Barrett's a spy."
###Chapter 1271
Billy was puzzled, asking, "What do you mean?"
"It's a long story. I'll tell you the details when I can." Falcon waved and added, "What matters now is that I got under Barrett's skin. He might enter that room to help them as we speak."
Although he knew Boyd to be strict and overbearing, Falcon also knew his old boss was sentimental and fiercely loyal. What happened several years ago left a profound scar in Bonnie's heart. 'Boyd never talked about that incident, but I know he blames himself for failing to save that guy. Only the core Nidhogg members remember what happened. That's why I simulated it to probe Barrett.' Now that Falcon had recreated that horrific past and made "Bonnie" relive it, he thought she would act unfazed.
Meanwhile, Billy frowned and said, "All that matters is that you know what you're doing."
Falcon nodded solemnly. "It's a decisive moment. We only need to watch how Barrett reacts."
As Bonnie approached the door where she heard the screams, Falcon muttered anxiously, "Is he going in? Is he a spy, after all?"
He became increasingly excited and triumphant over his wise planning. "I knew to hit Barrett where it hurts if the other tests failed."
Billy frowned and asked, "Are you sure this test will yield the desired results?"
He did not want to miss out on someone as talented as "Bonnie" but was worried she could be one of the Nidhoggs. Even so, Falcon was about to give Billy a result he was reluctant to see. "I've pretty much proven my suspicions," Falcon said as he watched Bonnie.
However, she did not open the door. Instead, she took another path and left.
"Um..." Falcon scratched his head. "What's he doing?"
He thought Bonnie would open the door. Regardless of whether she would try to save the person, Falcon wanted to see her reaction. Still, she left instead.
'Barrett wouldn't be unfazed if he was Boyd. I must've made a mistake. What if Barrett isn't a spy after all?'
Billy glanced sideways at Falcon and questioned, "What's this? Are you trying to cost me someone as talented as Barrett?"
Falcon sensed his menacing tone and quickly explained, "Th-that's not it, Billy! I was just worried you'd suffer losses if Barrett were a spy. After all, the chip's functionalities are of utmost importance. "It'll impact our dreams of ruling over all organizations. We can't be too careful with such a grand dream, right?"
Billy looked at him mysteriously, saying, "Hmm, I guess you're just looking out for me."
"Of course I am!" Falcon bowed respectfully. "I have our best interests at heart. I'm no longer one of the Nidhoggs. I'm loyal to you now, Billy."
###Chapter 1272
Billy grinned, satisfied with Falcon's explanation. The former said, "Keep up the good work."
Falcon said respectfully, "Thank you for trusting me, Billy."
Billy looked downstairs, his eyes brimming with coldness as he said, "We don't need to jump to conclusions now. Let's wait and see what happens." Falcon was stunned. He asked in puzzlement, "Where are you going with this?"
"Barrett's no fool, nor is the Nidhoggs' leader. Do you think he doesn't know we're monitoring him from up here?" Billy's tone grew colder as he spoke.
"Are you saying..." Falcon could almost guess Billy's intentions but was unsure.
The latter nodded and said, "That's right. I saw it, too. Barrett seems to pity the guys we tortured and knows we're watching. However, he won't do anything now, even if he intends to help them. We'll wait and see if he does anything later. Then, we'll make our final verdict."
Falcon frowned and added, "You're right, but Barrett has an innocent background. It makes sense if he pities them. I realize my tests weren't perfect. Even so, Barrett shares similarities with my old boss. I can't conclude anything with insignificant details."
The more he spoke, the deeper his frown became. "Barrett has exhibited some accidental reactions that remind me so much of Boyd."
Falcon thought things became more convoluted the more he tested "Bonnie." He felt lost and could do nothing to find the truth.
Meanwhile, Billy was much more cautious than Falcon regarding the chip. The former said, "Although I trust Barrett, your worries aren't unfounded. We've yet to have a conclusion, so let's not let him work on the chip yet. We'll discuss it again once we know what we're dealing with."
Falcon agreed, "All right, I'll follow your lead."
Billy squinted and responded dryly, "Let's just wait it out."
Bonnie knew the duo was upstairs waiting for her to take action to catch her red-handed. Of course, she would not expose herself so quickly since she knew their intentions.
She went to the backyard and strolled around. For all she cared, they could rack their brains trying to figure her out. As expected, Billy and Falcon stayed upstairs and waited. However, they heard nothing from downstairs.
The former frowned. Confused, Billy asked, "Where did Barrett go? He must be trying to plot something."
Falcon peered downstairs and said, "I don't know. I saw him turning a corner and leaving. I didn't see him after that."
"Let's go down there and check it out." Billy had a bad feeling in his gut.
However, before he could go downstairs, "Bonnie's" sarcastic voice sounded, "Are you looking for me, Mr. Billy?" Billy and Falcon were startled when they saw her.
###Chapter 1273
Billy did not show his emotions, but Falcon reacted dramatically. The latter patted his chest, looking shocked as he exclaimed, "Why the hell are you so quiet?! You scared the shit out of me!" Bonnie chuckled and calmly responded, "What do you mean? You must've been so focused in your conversation that you didn't hear me coming."
Falcon felt a little guilty when he recalled his conversation with Billy. "I-I guess so."
Meanwhile, Billy looked at "Bonnie" coldly. "Where'd you go earlier? How did you know where to find us?"
"I was walking around in the backyard," she responded casually, "That's when I saw you guys through the window behind you."
She pointed at the window as she spoke, causing Billy to turn around. Indeed, he could see the backyard. Then, he looked at Bonnie and noticed how calm she was. She did not look like she was lying.
'I thought Barrett knew we were watching him from here. However, it looks like he saw us through the window instead. I must've overthought it. Perhaps Barrett isn't a spy, after all.'
Bonnie feigned surprise as she looked at Falcon, saying, "Didn't you say you needed to rest, Falcon? I thought the others helped you back to your room, but you're here with Mr. Billy instead. Hey, were you pretending to be drunk?"
Falcon looked embarrassed, not expecting her to expose him so straightforwardly. Since that was the case, he had to think of an excuse. After some thought, he said, "The others are heavy drinkers, and I couldn't take it anymore. I had to fake being drunk to get away from them.
"Then, I left my room for some fresh air and ran into Billy. So, I stayed and chatted with him. It helped to sober me up, too."
Although they tried to figure out "Bonnie," they could not reveal their intentions. The last thing Falcon wanted was to have a fallout with Billy and lose everything.
"Oh, that's how it is." Bonnie knew what was happening but said nothing about it. Instead, she nodded, saying, "That explains why you were chatting with Mr. Billy. You were pretending to be drunk, huh?" Falcon chuckled dryly. "Y-Yeah."
Meanwhile, Billy observed Bonnie's expression. She looked so calm that he did not know if she was acting or was genuinely clueless about their intentions.
Bonnie's heart pounded when she met Billy's solemn gaze. She asked, "Mr. Billy, why are you looking at me like that? Are you still suspicious of me? You must be trying to determine if I have an ulterior motive for joining your organization."
Billy did not expect her to be that straightforward. He asked, "Why would you ask me that?"
Bonnie glanced at him, then turned to Falcon. "Do you think I'm a fool, Mr. Billy?"
###Chapter 1274
Billy was stunned. Then, he composed himself and responded smilingly, "What do you mean? You might be young, but I've always thought you were wise."
Bonnie stared at them and asked, "If that's the case, do you think I wouldn't know that you and Falcon have been testing me?"
Billy looked into her eyes and felt a pang of uncharacteristic guilt. Meanwhile, Falcon turned to him and exchanged glances. Billy cleared his throat and said, "Come on, Barrett. You're "
Bonnie interjected, "If my assumptions are right, those guys you tortured aren't members of the Nidhoggs."
The duo exchanged glances again and noticed the shock in each other's eyes. They knew "Bonnie" was perceptive, but not this much. They could not help but wonder how she made such a conclusion. Bonnie observed their expressions and continued, "Although you're quiet now, I figured you out just by looking at you. You think I'm one of the Nidhoggs, don't you?"
Falcon's eyes widened in shock. He stammered, unable to form a cohesive sentence, "Y-You're "
He found it hard to describe just how clever "Bonnie" was.
She looked at Falcon and said, "Everyone knows you were once a Nidhogg. Then, you betrayed them and joined Mr. Billy. You said you remind me a lot of your old boss, right?
"Since that's the case, you think I'm one of them. That's why you said those tortured men were members of the Nidhoggs, right? You wanted to see how I'd react." 'B-Barrett's right about everything!'
Falcon was shocked and at a loss for words. He never thought Bonnie would see through all of his intricate plans.
'Barrett's one fearsome character! Billy always speaks of how intelligent Barret is, but I've always been suspicious of it. I finally believe it now. Barrett's reasoning and critical thinking are unparalleled!'
Falcon did not need to speak his mind for Bonnie to read his thoughts. She subtly smirked and looked at Billy, faking a heavy sigh. "Mr. Billy, did you allow Falcon to test me? I know you've been observing me from up here. You must know that I pity those guys you tortured."
###Chapter 1275
Since the duo had failed to probe "Bonnie," Billy considered stopping. Moreover, he never expected her to catch them and call them out on it. With that in mind, Billy tried to say something but did not know where to start.
Bonnie noticed it and faked a helpless sigh. She said, "Naturally, I pity those people and even considered helping them. After all, my parents taught me to be kind. I just couldn't bear seeing them in so much agony.
"Still, I did nothing to help them. I thought you must've caught those guys because they were your enemies. As for me, I decided to be loyal to you when I became a member of your organization. If so, why would I help your enemies?"
Bonnie looked at Billy with disappointment. "I dare say I've proven my loyalty to you many times, but you still refuse to trust me."
The more she spoke, the more disappointed she seemed. "If that's the case, I no longer need to stay here. Maybe I should leave and find another way to make a living."
Bonnie turned and walked away.
Immediately after, Falcon lunged forward and stood in her way. "Hey, that wasn't our intention! Calm down, Barrett. Listen to our explanation, will you?"
Falcon knew how much Billy valued "Bonnie's" skills. If she left because of the tests, Falcon would be in trouble.
Meanwhile, Billy grew anxious as he said, "We were only testing you because I was about to entrust you with a considerable task. That doesn't necessarily mean we distrust you. After all, it would be a disaster for my organization if you were a spy."
Bonnie stopped and asked, "Is it that serious? What is this considerable task?"
"It's about " Billy was about to reveal it but stopped.
'No, I can't tell him about the chip yet. I must discuss it with Falcon when I return to my room. Nonetheless, my suspicions concerning Barrett have reduced significantly after hearing him out. He was honest, too.
'I'd be even more suspicious if he hid his thoughts, but he put all his cards on the table instead. I can't keep doubting him. That's why I think Barrett's clean.'
Even so, Billy had to discuss the chip with Falcon first. After all, the latter was the one who stole it from the Nidhoggs and brought it to Billy. Billy feared Falcon would refuse to let Barrett work on the chip before getting a satisfying answer.
Bonnie noticed Billy's hesitance and feigned confusion. She asked, "What is it?"
Billy collected his thoughts and smiled, saying, "It's nothing. You don't need to know about it yet. I'll tell you when the time is right."
Bonnie knew he had to consider things first, so she said, "I'll follow your lead, Mr. Billy. I'll never forget how you helped me. I want to support you and pull my weight around here. I also hope you can trust me. It feels terrible to want to give my all to someone who doesn't trust me."
###Chapter 1276
"I know you're an honest young man, Barrett. You don't have to say another word." Billy flashed Bonnie a smile. "Go get some rest. I'll arrange everything and send my men to you once it's done." Bonnie knew that what she said had helped to dispel many of his suspicions about her. She pretended to be disheartened and sighed gently.
"It looks like you still don't quite trust me. I guess I'll go back and wait for your arrangements." With that, she pretended to slump her shoulders and walk off slowly.
Billy watched as she left. To his surprise, he actually felt slightly guilty.
Falcon saw his expression and couldn't help but ask, "I think Barrett is quite an honest young man, Billy. Perhaps I should've listened to you and not put him through this series of tests."
'After all, Barrett is obviously looking forward to serving Billy with all his heart. However, all he got in return was our lack of faith. Anyone would feel disheartened.'
"You might be right, but the tests weren't exactly pointless." Billy's eyes were sparkling with wisdom. "I could see just how loyal Barrett is to me from this incident!" Falcon asked, "Should I arrange for him to work on the chip then?"
"We're not in a hurry." Billy looked so calm that no one could've known what he was feeling at the moment. "We can afford to wait a little longer."
Falcon was puzzled. "Didn't you just say you know how loyal Barrett is to you? Why should we wait, then? Is it because you actually haven't trusted him completely?"
"I wouldn't say I trust him completely, but I do trust him more than I do the other people." Billy's eyes looked mysterious. "What matters more is you, Falcon. Do you trust him?"
"Well..." Falcon hesitated. "I might've felt bad about testing him after I heard what he said. However, I think we should be more cautious when it comes to the chip."
"That settles it." Billy already knew what was on Falcon's mind. "If you think we should tread cautiously, then we'll wait a little longer. After all, you and Barrett need to crack the chip together. I don't want both of you to not trust each other."
Falcon replied, "Thank you for taking my feelings into consideration."
"It's nothing." Billy waved at Falcon. "I'm just going to come out and say it. I intend to groom both you and Barrett to be my assistants. You will have to remove any tension and suspicion between yourselves before you can work with each other.
Falcon nodded solemnly. "Alright. Understood, Billy."
"Great." Billy nodded slightly and said, "You should go back to your room and get some rest too."
Meanwhile, Bonnie was hiding in a corner not far from them. She eavesdropped on the entire conversation.
She stayed in the area to see how much Falcon's suspicion of her had been dispelled. That would allow her to adjust to the next stage of her plan.
Falcon appeared to have not fully let go of his suspicion.
###Chapter 1277
'Just as well. I had arranged an operation for Collin some time ago. Now, it's going to come in handy. Once that's over, it will surely dispel all of Falcon's suspicions.'
Bonnie went back to her room and gave Collin a call immediately.
"Have you gotten everything prepared? You can begin the operation tomorrow night."
At first, he was stunned. Then, he said in an excited tone, "I've been waiting for your call, chief. I was wondering when you're going to give the order to begin the operation. It looks like great minds think alike." Bonnie merely smiled wordlessly.
Collin continued, "What made you begin the operation earlier than planned, chief? Did something happen to Billy?"
"Nothing big happened, really. I managed to talk my way out of Falcon's tests tonight. Be that as it may, he's still suspicious of me." Bonnie rubbed her chin gently.
"I merely wanted to strike the iron while it's hot. I intend to commence the operation and completely dispel his suspicion for me."
"Are you serious? Did Falcon put you through another round of tests already?" Collin frowned. "How did he do it?"
"He hit me where it hurts the most! He used something I'd never forget to test me!" Bonnie narrowed her eyes coldly.
Then, she gave Collin a brief rundown about Falcon's tests.
Collin grew furious as soon as she was done talking.
"Falcon is such an animal! He knew that what happened back then haunted you, and yet he still opened up your old wound! He doesn't have a shred of human decency left in him!"
"That's why I intend to make some amendments to the operation," Bonnie said, and the coldness in her eyes grew chillier. "You'll shoot one of his feet, and I'll save the hostages."
'Falcon will come away too easily if I stick to my former plan. Also, he has completely riled me up with the latest tests he put me through. It's good that I sent Collin here. I'm going to flay Falcon's skin even if I can't kill him!'
Collin got excited. His eyes were gleaming with exhilaration as he spoke. "Should I shoot his left foot or the right? Perhaps I'll just shoot both his feet! That way, he won't be able to walk for the rest of his life!" "I have no qualms about ruining both of his feet, but now's not the time." Bonnie didn't want to let Falcon off that easily, but she had her own plans for him. "Just shoot one of his feet and leave the rest to me." "Alright..." Collin agreed to it reluctantly.
'I would've blown Falcon's head off if I could. It's too bad that Bonnie doesn't allow me to do it.'
Bonnie could tell that Collin felt sorry for not being able to shoot both of Falcon's feet.
She laughed and said, "Alright. Once the whole thing is over and we've captured Falcon back at our headquarters, I'll let you teach him a lesson. You can do whatever you want to him and I won't intervene."
"That's a deal!" Collin laughed. Then, he thought about the operation tomorrow night and grew solemn. "I'm going to make some preparation now, chief. I want to make sure that nothing goes wrong with the operation tonight.
"Also... should we inform the Dark Knights about tomorrow night's operation?"
###Chapter 1278
"The Dark Knights..." Bonnie pondered it and said, "Just say that we're about to begin an operation, but it isn't related to the chip. We're just dealing with some internal matters. That's all. "There's no need to tell them about the rest of the details. Otherwise, Vic might make a big deal out of it and hound you again."
Collin nodded in agreement. "It's good that we tell them. After all, they sent one of their own to keep eyes on our every move."
"Keep it brief and don't clash heads with them. We don't need that right now." Bonnie didn't want to say it, but she knew Collin better than anyone. Once he got his mind set, no one could talk him out of it. Collin answered, "You got it, chief. I promise you, I'm just going to tell them about the operation. I won't start another conflict with them again."
"Great. What matters is that you're aware of it." Bonnie yawned. "I'm going to get some rest. Go ahead and make the arrangements."
"Okay, chief," Collin responded.
The moment he ended the call with her, he made a call to Ivor.
"We're going to launch an operation tomorrow night, but it's going to be the same as last time. We're just dealing with some internal matters. It's got nothing to do with retrieving the chip. I hope you won't make a fuss when you see us commencing the operation."
"Okay," Ivor responded dryly. He paused before he asked again, "Did your leader ask you to inform us? Or, did you think to let us know of your own accord?"
Collin shrugged and responded casually, "What difference does it make?"
"There's no difference from a theoretical standpoint, but we are working with each other on this. So, I have to find out certain details."
"Is there a need to know this?" Collin genuinely didn't see the point in this.
"Boyd is the one with authority in your organization, not you. Now that we're partners with the Nidhoggs, it's very important for you to inform us about your operation before you do anything, even if we aren't needed for it."
Ivor sounded perfectly calm as he spoke. However, his tone was laced with a hint of admiration when he spoke again. "Boyd has done a wonderful job on this. It shows me just how serious you guys are." Collin rolled his eyes hard. He couldn't help but grumble, "You are the ones who pestered and pleaded to work with us because you want to borrow our chip. You're downright shameless."
Ivor wiped the admiration off his face and his eyes grew darker. "What did you say?"
Collin could feel the coldness in Ivor's tone and covered his mouth hastily.
"I-It's nothing. I'm going to hang up now." With that, he ended the call immediately. He patted his chest and sighed heavily.
'I have to give it to Vic. He's so imposing that he reminds me of Bonnie. Of course, it doesn't mean that I'm afraid of him or anything. I hung up so quickly because I promised her that I wouldn't start another conflict with them!
'In any case, I've informed the Dark Knights about our operation. What I need to do next is prepare for tomorrow night's operation. I can forget about the rest.'
Meanwhile, Ivor stared at his phone after Collin hung up on him. His eyes flashed with an unexplained emotion.
Someone knocked on his door out of nowhere.
Ivor looked at the door and said dryly, "Come in."
###Chapter 1279
The door swung open. Then, Yasmine poked her head inside and said, "Hi, boss."
Ivor raised his head and looked at her. "Yes?"
She hesitated before she walked inside. "I-I have something to ask you."
Yasmine didn't usually stammer the way she was doing now. So, Ivor had a subtle idea about why she was here.
"Are you here to ask me about news from Boyd?"
Yasmine had not expected him to see through her intentions so quickly. She froze in place. "How did you know what's on my mind?"
Ivor tapped his head and said, "I used my brain."
She merely remained quiet, unsure if he was trying to make fun of her.
Ivor realized that Yasmine wasn't saying anything. So, he continued, "Boyd didn't say anything, but Collin did tell me that they'll begin the operation tomorrow night."
"Is it the same operation my savior mentioned before?" Yasmine's tone was laced with a hint of excitement. "If Collin called you to tell you about it, does that mean our organization is a part of theirs?"
The more she talked about it, the more excited she became. "If that's the case, I'll be able to see Mr. Boyd again!"
"When has anyone said anything about us joining in on their operation?" What Ivor said snapped Yasmine out of her joy.
"Are you going to tell me we can't join them? Then, why did Collin call you and tell you about it?"
"He only wanted to inform me. It doesn't mean we're part of their operation." Ivor rubbed his eyebrows. "Let me just say this. The Nidhoggs didn't say we could join in on their operation. That means you can't act without permission. Just go back to your work."
"But... It has been a long time since I've seen Mr. Boyd. I really want to see him again..." Yasmine's voice was filled with gloominess.
"The way you're thinking about Boyd is very inappropriate, Yasmine. You mustn't forget that he's married. You're overstepping."
"O-Of course, I know he's married. I keep that in mind all the time, but I just can't control myself from being concerned about his well-being." Yasmine's tone was laced with helplessness. "He saved my life. I just want to express some concern and make sure he's safe. Can't I do that?"
"That's not what I'm talking about." Ivor frowned. "It's just that the way you did it is inappropriate. It's slightly more understandable if you aren't aware that he's married. Now that you know about it, you have to keep your distance from him.
"You have no sense of boundary. It's easy for people to misunderstand you. You haven't even been in a relationship before. Are you going to risk letting people talk behind your back over a married man?"
###Chapter 1280
"I... Um..."
Yasmine stammered for a long time, but she couldn't think of anything to say. Finally, after some silence, she said, "I'm expressing my concern in a platonic way. I didn't mean anything by it."
"You might not have meant anything, but what will the others think when they see the way you're behaving?" Ivor lectured her solemnly. "I'm going to remind you again, Yasmine. Boyd's a married man. You have to keep a distance from him if you want to keep your reputation intact."
"I'm just expressing some concern. How's that going to ruin my reputation?" Her brows furrowed. "You're making it sound more serious than it actually is."
"You don't get it yet, but you will in due time," Ivor said.
He looked at Yasmine and was about to say something, but Yasmine immediately covered her ears, as if she didn't want to listen to him anymore.
"That's enough. I get it. You don't have to say it again. I'm going to keep a distance from Boyd!"
With that, she bolted out of the room in a huff. She ran to the door and almost crashed into Floyd, who was coming inside to discuss something with Ivor. He ducked out of the way in time to avoid it happening.
He saw her grim expression and asked in a concerned tone, "What's the matter, Ms. Yasmine?"
"It's nothing." She didn't tell him anything. She didn't even stop as she left the room.
Floyd watched as she left and scratched the back of his head, feeling confused.
'What on earth is that? Is it because of something Ivor said to her? Is that why she looked the way she did?'
Floyd stepped into Ivor's office. "What's the matter with Yasmine, Mr. Ivor?"
"It's nothing. She's just throwing a temper tantrum." Ivor spoke dryly and looked perfectly calm. It was hard to decipher what he was thinking.
"You say that, but, the way I see it, it's not just a temper tantrum-" Before he could finish, Ivor threw a sharp look his way.
"Just tell me why you're here. I don't need to listen to this crap."
Floyd didn't dare to say anything anymore. Instead, he got straight to the point.
"It's about Pyralis, Mr. Ivor..."
The next day, Ivor was downstairs. He had been waiting for Yasmine to come down for breakfast, but she still hadn't shown up. So, he couldn't help but frown.
'Yasmine has always eaten breakfast with me every day, like clockwork. However, she still hasn't come down after a long time, which isn't like her.
'Is it possible she's still throwing a tantrum over what I said yesterday? Given Yasmine's character, she shouldn't have stayed mad at me for this long, just because of something I said.' The longer he pondered on it, the more everything seemed off.
"Floyd."
Floyd was sitting across the table and enjoying his breakfast. He raised his head immediately and looked at Ivor.
"What's the matter, Mr. Ivor?"
###Chapter 1281
"Why don't you go upstairs and see if Yasmine is in her room?" Ivor's eyes grew dark.
Floyd wiped his mouth and said, "Alright, Mr. Ivor. I'm on it." He went upstairs, looking for Yasmine.
A couple of minutes later, he came down again and ran over to Ivor hurriedly.
"Ms. Yasmine's door was open, so I went inside and saw a note on her table."
Ivor heard what he said, and his frown grew deeper.
"Note? What do you mean?"
"Well..." Floyd hesitated. He wondered if he should show Ivor the note. After all, he had read what Yasmine wrote on it. He was sure that Ivor would get mad if he read it.
"Show it to me now!" Ivor said it fiercely. There seemed to be a storm brewing in his eyes.
Floyd thought to himself. 'I'm really sorry about this, Yasmine!'
He fished the note out of his pocket and handed it to Ivor.
"H-Here's the note, Mr. Ivor. Go ahead and read it..."
Ivor snatched the note and read it carefully.
Yasmine wrote, "I just can't stop worrying about Boyd. I have to make sure that he's safe. That's why I've made up my mind to brave Billy's organization alongside the Nidhoggs.
"I'm sorry. This is the first time I've disobeyed your order. I mean it, I'm sorry. I hope you won't be mad at me."
Underneath the words was the drawing of a cartoon character who was kneeling and looking pitiable.
The veins on the side of Ivor's head twitched.
"I know she's impulsive, but I didn't count on her being this reckless!"
Floyd didn't even dare to breathe loudly. Then, he asked gingerly, "What should we do now, Mr. Ivor? Ms. Yasmine tagged along with the Nidhoggs without your permission. Do you think they'll see it as us breaching the agreement? What if they decided not to lend us their chip?"
"The Nidhoggs aren't that petty." Ivor took a deep breath and barely shoved his rage down. Then, he felt a headache coming on and rubbed his brow fiercely.
"We can't let Yasmine have her way. If we do nothing about it, then that makes it our problem."
Ivor analyzed the situation and relayed an order to Floyd quickly. "Use the GPS and look into her location. Find out where she is now."
"Roger that." Floyd pulled out his phone to check the GPS.
Several seconds later, he raised his head and looked at Ivor. He hesitated a little before he spoke. "I can't see her GPS signal, Mr. Ivor. She probably guessed that we'd look for her and turned it off." Ivor was so enraged that he saw red.
"Find her. Send our men to track her down. If that fails, I'll have to give Collin a call!"
'It would've been fine if I could deal with Boyd, but he's not around. On the other hand, Collin resents us. I wouldn't talk to him if I had another choice.'
Floyd noticed Ivor's dark expression. "Didn't Collin say that they're only moving tonight? We found out about Yasmine's intention early. If we start searching for her now, we can probably track her down before their operation."
Ivor gave him a sidelong glance. He rubbed his brow again before saying coldly, "Given Yasmine's character and her skills in hiding herself, do you think we could find her if she doesn't want to be found?"
###Chapter 1282
"Well..."
Floyd was stumped.
'It's true. Not only is Yasmine good at hypnosis, but she is also a master at hiding herself. She doesn't want to be found, and she has removed the tracker we put on her.'
"Well. What should we do now? Should we ask Collin?"
Ivor lowered his inexplicable eyes. Moments later, he said coldly, "Don't call him for now. Send our men to look for her first."
"Roger, Mr. Ivor," Floyd responded. He pulled out his phone and informed everyone to look for Yasmine.
Meanwhile, Ivor sat on his chair and felt a headache coming on.
'Yasmine is extraordinarily hung up on Boyd. It's just our luck that he isn't around. Instead, we have Collin, who wanted nothing to do with us. It's going to be quite difficult to get a handle on the situation.'
In the blink of an eye, evening rolled on. Dusk was approaching, and yet none of the men Floyd sent out managed to track down Yasmine.
Floyd came over to report it to Ivor. He saw his boss standing by the window, looking grim.
"We still haven't had any news about Ms. Yasmine, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor pursed his lips and his brows knitted tightly. "Okay. You may leave now."
'I've known this is how it's going to end. It looks like a call to Collin is unavoidable.'
Floyd asked timidly, "Should we continue to track her, Mr. Ivor?"
"Call off the search." Ivor's voice was as cold as it was blood-chilling. "Leave the room, now."
"At your command."
Floyd bolted out of the room. He didn't dare exhale loudly until he was out in the hallway. At the same time, he offered up a prayer for Yasmine.
'Yasmine might've done a lot of reckless stuff and butted heads with Ivor all the time, but Ivor hadn't gotten mad at her, not even once, because he cared about his friendship with her brother. 'This time, however, Yasmine has clearly stepped over the line. I wonder what kind of fury awaits her when she returns here.'
Back in the room, Ivor left the window and walked over to the table. He took his phone and gave Collin a call.
Collin was in his room, preparing for the operation. He was preparing guns, medications, bulletproof vests, and other supplies. Every single one of them was essential for tonight. 'After all, we're going to burrow deep into Billy's organization. This is quite a perilous operation. I'll be able to reduce the risks for everyone if I get these things ready beforehand.' His phone, which lay next to him, buzzed all of a sudden. He saw that it was Ivor calling.
'Why is Vic calling me at this hour? Is it because he knows we're about to set out and wants to elbow his way into joining our operation?'
Collin frowned slightly. He hesitated for a brief moment before answering the call.
###Chapter 1283
"Hello?"
Collin heard Ivor's deep voice from the other end of the phone.
"I need to talk to you about something."
This was the first time he had heard Ivor speak to him in such a tone. He couldn't help but feel a little surprised.
"Keep it short, then. I'm moving out soon."
Ivor proceeded to give Collin a brief rundown of Yasmine's situation.
"She's probably near your hotel and will find a way to blend into your people when you move out."
Collin remained quiet. The silence lasted for more than ten seconds before he found his voice again. "Um... Yasmine is really smitten with Boyd, it seems."
'The thing is, Boyd is actually a lady! Obviously, Yasmine had fallen in love with the wrong person.'
Now, it was Ivor's turn to fall silent. He asked in a deep voice, "Is that all you've got?"
Collin asked, "What else do you want from me? What kind of answer are you looking for?"
"Technically speaking, Yasmine is taking part in your organization without permission. I want to know your take on it."
'My primary concern is that her action will have ramifications on our agreement about borrowing the chip. I don't quite care about the rest.'
Collin knew instantly what he meant.
"It's true. Yasmine's actions are inappropriate. Her actions could seem like you breached the agreement. However, we aren't that petty. She's only doing this because she's worried about Boyd. It'd be unbecoming of us to hold you responsible for something like this."
With that, he paused a little and said something that reassured Ivor.
"I'll explain this situation to Boyd. There's nothing to be worried about here. He's understanding. He won't hold this over you guys and refuse to lend the chip."
Ivor felt much better.
'What surprises me is how friendly and approachable Collin is today. I thought he'd be all sarcastic before I made this call.'
"So... Are you going to let Yasmine join your operation?"
"Since she's gone this far, I don't think stopping her will help. Instead, she'll just find another way to follow us so she can see Boyd. I think we should let her tag along with us." Collin didn't think much of it. "Furthermore, Yasmine is probably a capable fighter. I won't have to worry too much about her."
Ivor confidently responded to Collin, "You're right. Yasmine is capable of handling herself. So, you don't have to look out for her. Just remind her not to be overly excited when she sees Boyd."
'I have no idea about the specifics of their operation, but I do know that it's a perilous one, given Boyd's current circumstances.
'Now that they've agreed to let Yasmine tag along, the least she could do is stay out of trouble.'
"Alright. You go it. I'll give her a gentle reminder." Collin said. He raised his hand, saw that it was almost time, and said to Ivor, "We're going to begin the operation soon. Is there anything else? I'm going to hang up otherwise."
Ivor responded faintly, "That's all. Goodbye."
Collin ended the call. Then he got his equipment and went over to where his men were gathered.
He swept his eyes across them and looked at a corner. There was a tall, slender figure, who was dressed in a black shirt and pants, complete with a black hat.
It was nighttime. On top of that, she was dressed entirely in black in a large crowd of people. No one would've noticed her under normal circumstances.
###Chapter 1284
Be that as it may, Collin was still able to pinpoint Yasmine among the crowd.
She noticed him looking at her and instinctively pressed down her hat. 'Did he see me already?'
Yasmine was still in the middle of her thoughts when a shadow enveloped her. She whipped her head up and met Collin's sarcastic gaze.
"You didn't exactly have permission to be here, Yasmine. Why, it's a little unseemly of you."
Everyone heard what he said and couldn't resist turning around, casting their gazes at her.
Yasmine instantly felt anxious. She went stiff, unsure of what she should do.
'I've disguised myself perfectly. How did Collin see through it? This doesn't make any sense. What exactly did I do wrong?'
Collin realized she was rooted to the spot. He didn't say anything either. Instead, he reached out and took her hat away.
Her face was clearly disguised, but he could just make out her jawline.
"There's no need to hide anymore."
She pouted, and her face was filled with bewilderment.
"I hid myself marvelously. Furthermore, there are so many people here. How did you find me?"
Collin couldn't resist laughing.
"I've taken on perilous missions with these people for years, Yasmine. Do you think I wouldn't have noticed it if a stranger was amidst them?"
'I didn't consider that. I saw this big crowd and thought Collin wouldn't see me. That's why I came over here boldly. I never thought Collin would notice me this soon. But I'm already here. Is he going to deny me from seeing Boyd?'
Yasmine fluttered her eyes at Collin.
"I'm really worried about Mr. Boyd and I want to see him. Please, Collin, take me with you." Then, she raised her hand and swore an oath, "I just want to take a look at him for a while. I swear, I won't stir up any trouble for you! Take me with you, please."
Yasmine clasped her fingers and glanced at Collin pitifully.
Meanwhile, Collin watched as she acted cute and appealed to him, but he knew she was merely doing it for Bonnie's sake.
'I have to give it to Bonnie. She's extremely gorgeous as a lady. Countless incredible men threw themselves at her. Even the wealthiest man in Pyralis succumbed to her charm and surrendered to her.
'I didn't count on someone as spectacular as Yasmine to fall head over heels for Bonnie when she camouflaged herself as a man.
'Bonnie truly had a way with both men and women. I wonder when will it be my turn to have such luck with the ladies.'
###Chapter 1285
Yasmine realized that Collin hadn't spoken for a long time. She thought he was going to reject her. So, she immediately worked some tears into her eyes to win some sympathy points.
"Please say yes and let me tag along with you. I want to see Mr. Boyd. I'm really worried about him."
Collin came to his senses and was startled when he saw tears in her eyes.
"I never said anything about not taking you with me. What are you crying for? Wipe your tears now. Otherwise, people might think I picked on you!"
Yasmine smiled immediately.
"D-Does that mean you're willing to take me to Mr. Boyd?"
"Yeah." Collin nodded lightly. Then, he looked at her solemnly and said, "I'll bring you along, but you have to promise me that you won't get worked up when you see him. You have to remain calm. Otherwise, you might put him in danger!
"Mr. Boyd had been in Billy's organization for a long time. This is the opportunity he's been waiting for. So, don't ruin it. Not even I can tell what's going to happen if you do."
"You got it! I'll never, ever stir up any trouble for you or Mr. Boyd!" Yasmine nodded aggressively before looking at him.
She asked, "What kind of operation is this? I might be able to help you if you tell me. At the very least, I could go along with it, even if I can't be of help."
Collin frowned before he raised his head and glanced at Yasmine. In the end, he chose to tell her about the full facade of the operation.
Yasmine's eyes widened with disbelief when he was done talking.
"T-This is very risky."
"It is, but we don't have a choice. Mr. Boyd has to do it if he wants to dispel Falcon's suspicion."
"What about your marksmanship? Are you a good shooter? What if you made a mistake and shot Mr. Boyd somewhere bad instead?" Yasmine was already starting to worry about her savior's safety. Collin felt a little speechless. Then, he looked at Yasmine the way he would a moron.
"Do you think he would entrust this task to me if I'm not a good shooter? Moreover, he personally taught me how to wield a gun. I'm confident that I won't harm him."
"Mr. Boyd personally taught you how to shoot?" Yasmine instantly felt much better. Then, she reached out and patted him on the shoulder. "He's excellent with guns. I don't think you'll be that far behind him." "Why bother stating the obvious?" Collin shook her hand off. He pulled out his phone and sent a text to Bonnie.
"We're ready to go, chief. We should arrive at Billy's organization in about half an hour. Try to stick to Falcon for the time being."
Bonnie replied with an "Okay."
Collin waved his hand immediately after he got a reply from Bonnie. He shouted to his men, "Move out!"
"Roger!" All of his men responded simultaneously and got into cars before driving toward Billy's organization.
Yasmine and Collin shared the same car. She thought about how he had lowered his head and texted someone. Then, she leaned in and asked curiously, "Did you just send a text to Mr. Boyd?" "Mm-hmm," Collin responded before turning his gaze to her. He said playfully, "Why did you ask me that? Is it because you can't wait for a little longer? Are you that eager to hear his voice?"
Yasmine could tell he was making fun of her. Due to reasons unbeknownst to her, her face turned red.
"I didn't say anything like that. Knock it off. I can do without your nonsense."
Collin saw her reddened face and couldn't help but tease her.
"Is it really nonsense? Or, do you really harbor some intentions for my chief? I believe, deep down, you know the answer. However, nothing would ever come out of it. You should just forget about it." Yasmine's eyes grew dark. Even the smile on her face vanished.
###Chapter 1286
"I know he's a married man. I'm not going to do anything. I just want to make sure he's safe. I could do without you guys reminding me about it over and over again." Collin remained quiet and gave her a look.
'Bonnie really is married. Moreover, her husband is none other than Ivor, a renowned figure in Pyralis! This isn't the most important thing, though. What matters more is that Bonnie is actually a lady.' Yasmine smiled bitterly.
For a moment there, none of them said anything. Silence hung over the car.
...
Bonnie looked for Falcon as soon as she replied to Collin's text.
Falcon heard someone knocking on his door and went over to open it. He was stunned when he saw Bonnie.
"What brought you here, Barrett? Is there anything I can do for you?"
Bonnie pretended to be dispirited and let out a sigh.
"It's nothing, really. I just ran into something that made me feel awful. So, I want to chat with you and take my mind off it."
Falcon heard what she said and scanned her suspiciously.
"What could've made you feel awful? Are you going to tell me Billy did something that upset you?"
"It's not Billy. It's something else." Bonnie lowered her head and appeared to be downtrodden.
Falcon asked with a smile, "Why would you want to talk to me about it?"
He might've been smiling, but he was actually testing her. His eyes were filled with suspicions as well. Obviously, he found her behavior unusual. Bonnie sighed again.
"Although you keep suspecting that I'm related to your master, I still have a good feeling about you. You look like a friend with whom I can talk to.
"I talked to everyone else, but they were all submissive and afraid to offend me. I won't be able to have a deep conversation with them. That's why I'm here, looking for you." It was a sound explanation.
Falcon pondered it and decided to trust Bonnie. "Fine, then. What do you want to talk about?"
She nodded and gestured at him, "Let's talk outside. We can enjoy some scenery too."
"Sure thing."
Falcon thought, 'I'm very safe in Billy's organization. Even if Barrett does anything, odds are he won't be able to do any harm.'
Falcon followed Bonnie out the door.
Once they were outside, Bonnie told him about her 'problems.' They were all menial familial matters, but Falcon was taking it seriously.
"Your mom might have a serious condition and couldn't look after you all the time, but she's still around, at least. I've never even seen what my mom looks like."
Bonnie knew about Falcon's background, but she pretended to be surprised nonetheless.
"Huh? Haven't you seen your mom ever? Where's your childhood home?"
"My childhood home, huh..."
Falcon fell into deep thought. 'I relied on selling the stuff I stole to survive when I was young. Once I grew older, I ran into Boyd.'
###Chapter 1287
'Back then, Boyd wasn't as tall as I was, but he was already commanding an authoritative air. He tested my talents before taking me back to his organization. He put me through training and groomed me patiently.
'However, more and more people showed up beside him. He started forgetting about me and how hard I worked.
'Slowly but surely, he no longer saw me. Eventually, he was so occupied with other stuff in his life that he couldn't run his organization anymore. But things between him and me got so bad that he didn't even appoint me to run it on his behalf. Instead, he left Collin in charge of everything.
'Ever since that moment, he planted dark, wicked thoughts in the back of my mind. I was forced to live under Collin's thumb for a long time. In the end, I couldn't take it anymore. That's why I stole the chip and threw in my lot with Billy and his organization.
'I'm aware that I wouldn't have been able to know what I know without Boyd, but he forced my hand and made me into what I am today...'
Meanwhile, Bonnie realized that Falcon was dazed. She waved her hand in front of him.
"Earth to Falcon. What are you thinking, buddy?"
That snapped him out of his recollection. He flashed a smile at her and shook his head.
"It's nothing. I was merely thinking about something unpleasant."
"Anyway, you have yet to tell me where your childhood home is. After all, you said you hadn't even seen your mom once." Bonnie said and stared at him profoundly.
'I said what I said because I need to find out if there's a shred of conscience left in Falcon!'
Falcon met her gaze. To his surprise, it felt as if someone had pierced his heart. Then, a deep sense of guilt followed.
It was as if he had done something wrong to Bonnie. As a matter of fact, he did do wrong by her.
However, she was playing her role as Barrett now. So, she couldn't say it out loud.
Bonnie realized that Falcon was being silent again. She reached out and waved her hand in front of his eyes again. "Hmm? What's the matter with you? Why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you don't feel like answering?" Falcon didn't want to talk about it, but decided to go along with it.
"You're right. I have no intention of answering it. You shouldn't ask about it again, ever."
She heard what he said and a thick sense of coldness flashed in her eyes.
'Heh... There's a reason I called Falcon an animal.
'He didn't have the courage to face the fact that he used to be in my organization. He's running away from the fact that he's indebted to me.
'I have truly wasted my efforts and time on him! If I'd known this was how it'd turn out, I should've left him to rot in the landfill. After all, that's where pieces of garbage belong!'
All of a sudden, Falcon felt chills down his spine. He couldn't help but reach out and touch the nape of his neck.
"It's quite warm today. So, why am I feeling chilly?"
Bonnie responded with a blank expression, "Perhaps it's the wind."
Falcon nodded in agreement before tugging on his coat. "It's possible. Is that all you want to talk about? It's time for us to head back."
She lowered her head subtly and checked the watch. She counted the time and thought that Collin should be here with her men by now.
'I should buy Collin some time and keep Falcon out here. It'll make it easier for him and the men to do their thing.'
Bonnie was still in the middle of her thoughts when one of Billy's henchmen ran over hurriedly and said, "M-Mr. Falcon. Mr. Barrett. Something bad happened!"
'It looks like Collin and the gang are here.'
Bonnie's lips curled into a grin. Then, she pretended to be nervous and asked the henchman, "What's wrong? What happened?"
###Chapter 1288
Billy's henchman was panting heavily. He gave himself a moment to breathe before he said again, "I-I have no idea how, but the Nidhoggs found where we are. T-They're marching through the main entrance and heading this way as we speak!"
"What did you say?" Falcon's eyes widened in shock. For a moment there, he thought he had heard it wrongly. Then he leaped forward, grabbed the henchman by his collar, and said, "Run that by me again!" The henchman was shocked at how Falcon reacted, but he knew how serious the whole thing was. He said hurriedly, "We don't know how the Nidhoggs did it, but they found out our headquarters' location. They're heading this way as we speak!"
Falcon stared at the henchman carefully. He saw how panicked and frightened he was and decided that the latter wasn't making a joke. Then, he felt crushed by the immense pressure and his body shivered. "I-It's over. Everything's over."
A hint of solemnity flashed in Bonnie's eyes. Then, she pretended to be concerned and helped Falcon find his footing.
"What's wrong, Falcon? Are you alright?"
Falcon's face turned pale as he mumbled, "R-Run. N-Now..."
He said this as he staggered forward.
'Billy has placed his organization in a well-hidden location. How is it that the Nidhoggs track us down this fast?
'Boyd has groomed every single person in his own organization. All of them hated deceptions and betrayals. I've done something as wicked as stealing the chip. There's no way they'll let me off the hook! 'If they catch me, they're going to torture me to the point of death. I have to run. I can't let any of the Nidhoggs catch me!'
Bonnie watched as he staggered forward and ran after him.
"The Nidhoggs might be here, but do you have to be this frightened? We're standing in Billy's territory. He's going to keep us safe."
Falcon heard her casual tone and stopped running, but the terror on his face wasn't lessened at all.
"You don't understand. You just don't get it! Just stop talking and follow me."
'I might've bragged about how incredible and capable I am normally. However, when the Nidhoggs infiltrate Billy's organization, I can not help but feel concerned. It took me a great deal of trouble to find this safe haven.
'After all, I know the kind of hell waiting for me if they really manage to capture me and take me back to their base.
'That's why I have to run as far as my feet will carry me.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie saw his expression. Her lips curled into a grin, and a hint of profound coldness flashed in his eyes.
'Heh heh... Is he finally scared now? Well, he shouldn't have played with fire.
'In any case, it's only a matter of time before we capture Falcon and take him back for punishment. But I'm going to let him walk free for a little longer because it's not the right time to seize him yet. 'The moment I've successfully retrieved the chip is also the moment I'll capture him and take him back. He can look forward to hell when that happens.'
Bonnie was in the middle of her thoughts when she followed Falcon. Once they turned the corner, they ran into Billy, who was wearing a grim expression.
###Chapter 1289
Falcon saw the look on Billy's face and was very sure that the Nidhoggs did intrude on the base. His voice was deep when he asked, "What should we do now, Billy?" "We're making a break for it. What matters is that we're alive to achieve our goals. We'll talk about the rest of it after we survive the Nidhoggs' invasion." Billy's voice was cold. 'I spent years searching for a perfect hiding spot for my base. As far as I'm concerned, this is the most secluded spot.
'So, how did the Nidhoggs track us down?'
This invasion made Billy extremely alert. Thick waves of suspicion rose within his chest over and over again.
'There could be a mole in my organization. Someone must've secretly exposed our location to the Nidhoggs. Otherwise, they wouldn't have found out about this spot that quickly. 'That begs the question-Who in the hell is the mole?'
Billy had been racking his brain for an answer while he searched for Falcon and Bonnie. However, he didn't get close to figuring it out.
'Is it possible that the Nidhoggs have such a vast network that they managed to suss out my location after several investigations?'
"Billy's right. What matters now is surviving the Nidhoggs' attack. We'll talk about the rest later." Falcon might've seemed reliable, but his voice was shaking subtly. Clearly, the Nidhoggs' arrival had rattled him. "Mm-hmm," Billy responded dryly. He saw Bonnie, who was standing next to Falcon, out of the corner of his eyes and couldn't help but remind her, "Stay close to us, Barrett. Don't fall behind."
Bonnie nodded and deliberately sounded curious when she asked, "Are the Nidhoggs this powerful, Billy? Why does their arrival unnerve you and Falcon this much?"
She pretended to be puzzled, playing her trait of innocence and inexperience to perfection.
Billy looked at her sideways. "Our organization is powerful. That much is true. But, we still have some ways to go before we can become as powerful as an international organization like the Nidhoggs. With that said, you don't have to worry about it one bit.
"Now that you're one of us, I'll make sure you're safe and keep you out of danger."
Bonnie heard what he said and feigned relief while she patted her chest.
"I've been worried that you and the others might leave me to my own device. I feel much better now."
'I'll leave the whole organization alone before I leave Barrett to his fate. After all, he's the unparalleled genius here! He's the key to cracking the chip. How am I going to get it cracked if Barrett's gone? How am supposed to make my dream of ruling over international organizations come true without him?
'That's why I won't leave Barrett behind, no matter what happens!'
"Let me put your mind at ease. I'll never leave you to your own device." Billy gave her a reassuring answer.
Bonnie pretended to be very moved. Even her eyes turned red.
"I appreciate it, Billy. You're not giving up on me or abandoning me at a critical juncture like this, I have to say, this is-"
To her surprise, Falcon cut her off before she could finish.
"That's enough. There's no time for sappy stuff now. We have to get out of here as soon as possible. We're done for if the Nidhoggs have us boxed in!"
###Chapter 1290
Billy agreed to what Falcon said. "He's right. We should focus on leaving here. Anything else can wait until after we're absolutely safe."
Bonnie dropped the matter and went along with Billy instead.
"Alright, Billy. Lead the way, guys. I'll follow you from behind."
"Okay." Billy nodded gently and took the front.
After all, he knew the paths around here. The fact that this was his base didn't hurt either. He knew the lay of the land better than anyone. It made sense for him to take the lead. Bonnie followed Billy and Falcon. They made a lot of turns and passed by a lot of places.
'I have to give it to Billy. This place is a good location for a base. We've been walking for a while now, but we have yet to run into anyone. It's likely that no one else but Billy and some of his core members know about this escape route.
'That also means it'll be difficult for Collin and the others to find it. This won't do. I have to figure out a way to share my location with him. It'll be all for nothing if Billy and Falcon manage to get away.' Bonnie subtly observed Billy and Falcon, who were walking in front of her. There were no signs that they'd turn around. So, she pulled out her phone quietly and shared the location with Collin swiftly. To her surprise, she met both Billy's and Falcon's gazes the moment she raised her head.
"Why did you stop, guys?"
Falcon looked at the phone in her hand and felt a deep sense of suspicion rising within his chest. Then he hurried over to her and snatched her phone. "Let's see what you've been doing with your phone!"
Bonnie explained herself immediately, "I notice there's a tunnel ahead of us. So, I pulled it out to turn on the flashlight. Why did you take my phone away?" "Really?" Clearly, Falcon didn't buy what she was selling.
He turned on her phone's screen and checked each of the applications.
Billy came over as well. He followed Falcon's gaze and looked at Bonnie's phone.
Bonnie put on an innocent face and said, "Why else would I pull out my phone?"
Instead of responding to her, Falcon continued to check the applications on her phone.
He checked the applications on her phone several times, but there was no sign of foul play. It didn't seem like she secretly sent someone any texts. 'Is it possible that I overthought this?'
Falcon's eyes were filled with suspicion. Just as he was about to keep looking, Billy growled out of nowhere.
###Chapter 1291
"That's enough!"
That startled Falcon. He turned around and glanced at Billy, feeling puzzled. "What's the matter, Billy?"
Billy looked grim when he nodded gently. He gestured at Falcon and said, "Give Barrett his phone back!"
"But..."
Falcon still sensed something off about it. He was about to say something when Billy cut him off.
"What more do you have to say? The three of us are in the same boat now. So, quit doing something that'll tear us apart! Moreover, didn't you turn up empty-handed after looking over Barrett's phone several times?
"Stop questioning Barrett's loyalty. I don't want you making him feel uncomfortable for nothing!"
Bonnie noticed Billy speaking for her and went on to adopt a grateful expression.
"I-I really did pull out my phone because I saw a tunnel ahead. I just wanted to light the way for you... If I've known you distrust me this much, then I would've opted to stay behind and let myself get caught by the Nidhoggs..."
Bonnie emanated helplessness and dissatisfaction when she spoke.
Billy glared at Falcon. Then, he snatched the phone from him and gave it back to her.
"Falcon didn't want to face the Nidhoggs. He got himself worked up so much and did what he did. That's all. He didn't mean anything by it. Don't take it to heart, Barrett."
Bonnie took her phone from Billy and raised her hand to wipe tears from her eyes.
"I'm aware that Falcon turned his back on the Nidhoggs and joined your faction instead. I guess I can understand that he didn't want to face his former allies.
"However, I can not stand it when he continues to suspect me. If you really distrust me, then I'll leave. The last thing I want is to overstay my welcome and make you guys feel uncomfortable."
Billy rubbed his eyebrows fiercely. For a moment there, he didn't know how he was supposed to respond to Bonnie.
So, he turned his head sideways and said to Falcon coldly, "I want you to explain yourself to Barrett, Falcon! I don't want you and him to have a wedge between you guys before you start working together!" Falcon knew Billy was warning him not to do something like this to Bonnie again.
He took a deep breath and shoved his feelings down deep before he said,
"I'm sorry, Barrett. As Billy said, I'm pretty worked up today. That's why I thought you were alerting our enemies to our location when I saw you pulling out your phone.
"Please forgive me for misunderstanding you. I hope you can look past my behaviors."
'The truth is that I still harbor some suspicion for Barrett's actions, but Billy is throwing his weight now. I have to apologize to Barrett.'
Meanwhile, Bonnie thought to herself. 'I did share with Collin our current location and the route we're taking next. It's just that I got a hunch after I sent the text and hid my texting app with special technology. No one can find it.
'I didn't know Falcon would be this worked up that he'd snatch my phone without any warning. It's a good thing I listened to my hunch. Otherwise, I would've been in big trouble.'
Billy realized Bonnie wasn't saying anything. He thought she was still bugged by Falcon's actions. So, he spoke in a deep voice and warned Falcon solemnly.
"From this point on, I don't want you to suspect Barrett if you don't have any evidence. You've been warned, Falcon. You got that?"
Falcon knew Bonnie was Billy's favorite. So, he wasn't exactly surprised to hear what Billy said.
He lowered his head and responded weakly. "Understood, Billy."
Once Billy was done lecturing Falcon, he turned to look at Bonnie.
"There, Barrett. I let him have it. So, don't overthink it. We have to keep going. Otherwise, we'll all suffer a horrible fate if the Nidhoggs actually catch up to us."
###Chapter 1292
"I appreciate you speaking up for me, Billy."
Bonnie tucked her phone away. She pretended to take the higher road and said to Falcon, "I won't take your actions or words to heart, Falcon. After all, we're in the same boat. There's no need to hold you accountable for something so trivial."
A hint of admiration flashed in Billy's eyes.
"Take a look at Barrett. He might be young, but he's way better at dealing with people than you are."
Billy gave Falcon a look. "You have much to learn from Barrett!"
All Falcon could do was gnash his teeth and swallow his anger. "Understood, Billy! I'll learn from him."
"Okay," Billy responded dryly.
"Alright. Now that we've resolved this misunderstanding, we shouldn't dwell on this anymore. Let's keep going."
"Roger, Billy."
"You got it, Billy."
Bonnie and Falcon responded simultaneously before walking behind Billy.
Collin read the location Bonnie shared with him, and a mysterious smile appeared on his face.
Then, he raised his head and ordered a few of his men standing in front of him, "You guys are coming with me. We'll take the opposite direction."
"Roger." They nodded respectfully and followed Collin.
Yasmine had been walking next to him all the time. She looked at him and couldn't help but ask curiously, "Why are you taking the opposite direction all of a sudden? Did Mr. Boyd send you a text?" "Exactly." Collin didn't deny it. "Billy and Falcon are with him, too. All we have to do now is wait for them at the end of their escape route."
Yasmine asked again, "Do you know where that is?"
"According to the location he sent me, the path they're on will lead to another path. We should be able to catch them in time if we box them in from the other path now." Collin spoke. He lowered his head and looked at the red blip on his phone. Then, he picked up the pace.
Yasmine heard what he said and gave him a thumbs up.
"You're truly Mr. Boyd's protege. I think you're almost as one-tenth awesome as he is."
"One-tenth?" Collin couldn't decide if he should laugh or cry. "Are you complimenting me or taking a dig at me, I wonder?"
"I'm complimenting you, of course!" Yasmine responded without a second thought. "Mr. Boyd is a perfect man who can do everything. Don't you realize you would've been incredible if you could do half the things he does? I don't think I'm even two-tenths as awesome as he is."
"I guess you're right." Collin nodded. "Boyd is straight-up awesome. If we're being serious about it, I'm not even one-tenth as awesome as he is."
Yasmine heard what he said and sighed helplessly.
"Sigh... It's a shame that he's married. It isn't my fate to be with him."
Collin's lips twitched in response.
'She has been saying the same thing over and over again the entire journey. I'm going out of my mind.
'I'm all the smarter for it now. So, I'm not going to respond to her about it. Otherwise, she'd continue to grumble about it until the end of time.'
Yasmine realized that Collin didn't say anything. She couldn't help but purse her lips.
'Forget it, I'm not going to talk about it anymore. Obviously, he doesn't want to listen to it anymore. If I keep going on, then I'll only embarrass myself!'
###Chapter 1293
Collin and his gang continued to make their way to the destination.
Several minutes later, they arrived at the end of the path that Collin talked about.
He pulled out his phone again and double-checked. The red blip on his phone was still moving, inching closer to them by the second.
Collin saw it and his eyes were sparkling with excitement.
"They're almost here! I'll be able to personally teach Falcon a lesson very soon!"
"Teach him a lesson?" Yasmine asked, feeling confused, "But that's not the task assigned to you."
"That might be true, but all I have to do is keep Falcon alive," Collin said as a thick sense of coldness flashed in his eyes. "It's not every day that I get the chance to teach him a lesson. I'm not going to let the opportunity pass me by!"
"You say that, but that will mean you're going against Mr. Boyd's orders. Take my advice and forget about it." Yasmine frowned.
Collin reached out and stopped her.
"That's enough. There's no need for you to say anything further. I know where the line is. I won't put him in a difficult position."
"Fine, then... That's what matters, after all."
Both of them were still talking to each other when Yasmine spotted Billy, who walked in front of the group. Then, she looked more carefully and saw Falcon as well as Boyd.
Boyd might've camouflaged himself and taken on another appearance, but it did nothing to diminish his good looks. Her heart skipped a beat!
Yasmine was still watching him when a hint of daze flashed in her eyes. "How could Boyd be that stunning? Everything pales in comparison to him."
Collin frowned. "Did you see Boyd?"
"He's there."
Yasmine pointed at the figure not far from them.
Bonnie might've disguised herself, but Collin had just said that she sent him her location. There was just a stranger with Billy and Falcon. So, it was easy for her to spot Bonnie out of the group. "He's right there. How could you not see him?"
Collin followed her gaze and looked over. As expected, he saw the trio with Billy in the lead.
At that very moment, the only person he could see was the traitor, Falcon!
Collin's eyes were brimming with fury. He didn't even think about it when he started walking toward Falcon's location.
Yasmine saw it and yanked him back swiftly.
"Hey. What are you doing? Will you keep a cool head?"
"Huh? Needless to say, I'm going to carry out the plan and teach the traitor a lesson!"
He didn't get why Yasmine was holding him back and getting in his way.
"You're such a moron! Don't you think they're going to suspect that something's off if you just march over to them? What if they suspect Boyd has something to do with this? You have to surprise them when you make an entrance!"
Collin listened to what she said and thought that she made a fine point.
He stopped himself. Then, he took a deep breath, trying to suppress his burning hatred for Falcon.
He looked at Yasmine and asked, "What do you think we should do?"
"Here's an idea." She leaned over and whispered in his ear.
Collin's eyes sparkled. "What a splendid idea."
Yasmine lifted her chin proudly. "Why, of course. You're talking to me, after all!"
Collin chuckled lightly before growing solemn and putting the idea into motion. He brought several of his men and pretended to be searching for someone in the vicinity.
"Some of Billy's men ran this way. Search the area carefully. We have to capture them and interrogate them at our base. We have to find out where's the chip!"
###Chapter 1294
Falcon heard Collin's voice. It was as familiar as it was blood-chilling.
He was shocked. Gulping, he said, "H-Hold on. That's Collin. He's Boyd's most trusted henchman. We can't keep going down this path!"
"How did they find their way here?" Billy's face was dark.
'I intentionally chose the least known escape route to avoid being captured by the Nidhoggs. Aside from myself and some of the men I trusted the most, no one in my organization knows about it. 'That's why I didn't bring anyone else with me to this escape route, except Barrett and Falcon. Just as I thought we were out of danger, we bumped into the Nidhoggs the moment we came out of the tunnel.
'What are the odds?!'
Bonnie interrupted his thoughts and said, "This is not the time to think about this, Billy. We have to focus on getting out of here safely."
Falcon went along with her. "Barrett's right, Billy. What matters most now is to get out of here. We can think about everything else once we're safe and out of the Nidhoggs' reach."
"The thing is, this escape route only leads back to my base! So, where are we supposed to go now? We'll just get captured if we turn back!" The veins on the side of Billy's head twitched.
A strong sense of powerlessness rose within his chest. He had no idea what he could do to get out of this pickle.
Bonnie saw it and pretended to be in deep contemplation. Then, she made it look like she had made a decision and said to Billy,
"Hide, Billy. Falcon and I will draw their attention and make sure you're safe. We'll think about the rest later."
This was the last thing Billy and Falcon expected her to say. So, they were both stunned.
Falcon was the first one to come to his senses. He rejected her suggestion without a second thought.
"The Nidhoggs are after me. I'm all but guaranteed to put myself in danger if I draw their attention. No way. I can't do it! I won't!"
Bonnie frowned. "It'll be worse if Billy is caught instead. The only way to let him escape is if both of them divert their attention! Furthermore, it's not like they're going to catch us. What are you getting your panties in a bunch for?"
"Well-" Falcon was about to say something, but Bonnie cut him off.
"Didn't you say that both of us need to work for Billy, even if it means putting our lives on the line? So, what's the meaning of this?
"Are you seriously not willing to draw the enemy's attention away from Billy now? This is such a small matter, too. If that's the case, then, pray tell, what kind of future do we have?"
Bonnie looked so determined, as if she'd go to the bowels of hell for Billy's sake.
Meanwhile, Billy couldn't remember the last time someone made him feel this moved. Bonnie was the only person who touched his heart deeply for the first time in a long time.
"Y-You're risking a lot to protect me, Barrett... Aren't you worried that things might end terribly for you?"
"Not at all!" Bonnie lifted her chin and said confidently, "You saved my mom, Billy. That means I'm indebted to you greatly. You need me now, so I'm not going to shy away from the danger!" "Wonderful!" Billy's voice was brimming with admiration.
"I knew I was right about you! It turns out you don't disappoint me at all!"
With that, he looked at Falcon. He couldn't help but grow solemn. "What about you, Falcon? Are you willing to do it?"
"Um..." Falcon looked vexed, and his eyes were filled with reluctance.
###Chapter 1295
"You know better than anyone else that I turned my back on the Nidhoggs and threw in my lot with you, Billy. You also knew how hard it was for me to pull it off! "On top of that, you're aware just how much they hate me! As luck would have it, the man outside is none other than Collin. He's fiercely loyal to Boyd. "Given what I've done to them, there's a good chance he might blow my head off if I draw their attention away from you..."
The more Falcon pondered it, the more he thought he couldn't do it.
He shook his head fiercely. "No way. I'm not going out there. I can't."
Bonnie deliberately paused before sighing heavily. "Billy has wasted his efforts and time on you, Falcon!"
Billy looked at Falcon with a somewhat peculiar expression.
Falcon met his gaze and knew that Billy was dissatisfied with him. He parted his lips and was about to explain himself but he heard a voice not far from him.
"Look over there, Collin! I think I see someone!"
Billy and Falcon heard it. Both their faces fell.
Bonnie went along with them and wore a troubled expression. She urged Falcon, "Hurry up and make up your mind, Falcon. Otherwise, none of us will make it out of here." Before Falcon could say anything, he heard Collin's cold, unfeeling voice.
"Is that you, Falcon? Oh, wow. It is you! Die, traitor!"
Falcon went into full panic mode in a matter of a second. His face turned so pale that it was devoid of color.
Bonnie seized the opportunity and demonstrated her "loyalty" by shoving Billy into a mound of dirt next to them.
"The Nidhoggs have only seen Falcon, Billy. They have yet to find out about you. So, hurry up and hide yourself. Falcon and I are going to draw their attention.
"Run away if you can. You can also find an opportunity to bring reinforcement here to save us."
Billy stared at Bonnie with unblinking eyes, which were laced with inexplicable emotions.
"You're willing to put your life on the line for me, Barrett. I won't forget the loyalty you demonstrated today! I'll reward you handsomely if you make it back alive, Barrett. You have my word." "I'll hold you to your promise, Billy." Bonnie pretended to be moved deeply and said, "I also hope that I'll survive the danger and go back to your side safely!"
A hint of subtle playfulness flashed in her eyes.
'My priority is to dispel Billy and Falcon's suspicions.
'I'm telling Billy all of this because I needed him to think of me as a henchman who has an unwavering loyalty for him. Only then will he trust me with all his heart and soul.
'Judging by his looks, I've got Billy in the palm of my hand.
'Now, it's Falcon's turn.'
Bonnie was still in the middle of her thoughts when Collin darted over with his men in tow. Before she could say anything, Falcon had already sprinted out of there the moment he saw it. Then, she took off in another direction. That was how they "drew the enemies' attention."
Meanwhile, Collin had targeted Falcon. He watched as the latter ran like a madman. His face was as gloomy as it was frightening.
"Hold it right there, Falcon!"
The more Collin shouted at him, the faster Falcon ran.
'This isn't a joke. Collin would skin me alive if I let him capture me. That is if he didn't kill me.
'That's why I have to get away. I have to run as far as my feet can carry me. Under no circumstances am I going to let Collin capture me."
###Chapter 1296
Billy hid behind the mound of dirt and watched as Bonnie and Falcon drew attention away from him.
He snuck back to the path he came from when no one was watching and retraced his steps.
'Now that Falcon and Barrett are here, the Nidhoggs won't know that I'm going back the way I came from. I have to secure some reinforcements and come back to save both of them. After all, both of them are extremely adept at computers.
'It's true. Falcon's behaviors were rather unsatisfying, but I can't afford to lose both of them. That's why I have to get reinforcements as fast as I can. After all, the sooner I come back with backup, the bigger the possibility I can save both of them.'
Bonnie noticed what Billy was doing and ignored him.
'I have to let Billy get out of here so I can move on to the next phase of my plan! Otherwise, Billy's presence would be another uncertainty. It's just going to mess things up.'
The Nidhoggs were split into two groups, giving chase to Bonnie and Falcon.
Bonnie was observing what Falcon was doing while she ran ahead of her pursuers.
'I have to make sure I'm in the right position so I can move in on Falcon at the right time.'
She was in the middle of her thoughts when she heard a soft voice that was filled with joy.
"Hi, savior! I finally get to see you. How are you doing in Billy's organization? Is everything alright?"
'Wait a minute. Is that Yasmine's voice?'
Bonnie was so shocked that she couldn't help but turn her head sideways to look at Yasmine. The person closest to her was wearing a flat cap, which obscured most of her face.
Just as she turned her gaze over, the person raised her head. That was when Bonnie saw the extremely familiar face. It was really Yasmine.
Bonnie was stunned for a brief moment before she knitted her brows tightly.
"What are you doing here?"
'Isn't this supposed to be our operation? Aren't we on the same page? So, why did Collin bring Yasmine here? This is just making things worse.' Meanwhile, Yasmine saw the displeasure in Bonnie's eyes. She couldn't help but speak timidly when she spoke again.
"Are you mad? I'm sorry. I'm just too worried about you. That's why I came up with the idea to sneak into your organization and come here with Collin. "He didn't have a choice, but to bring me along. Don't blame this on him."
'Collin allowed me to tag along because he understood what I was going through. He decided to help me, and the last thing I want is for him to get punished for it.' Bonnie felt a headache coming on. She rubbed her eyebrows and said, "This is a serious operation. Why did you butt your head in? Does Vic know that you're here?" "H-He does." A hint of guilt flashed in Yasmine's eyes.
It took Bonnie a glance to know that Yasmine wasn't being truthful.
'This is not the time for chit-chatting or questioning. My priority is to take care of Falcon.'
"You said you're here because you're worried about me. Well, as you can see, I'm swell. There's nothing for you to worry about.
"You shouldn't talk to me anymore. Just go along with my men and capture me. Don't make Falcon suspicious."
'I've run this plan for a long time just so I could dispel Falcon's suspicion of me. Yasmine is a wild card. Although she's doing this because she's concerned about my well-being, I don't want her to ruin my plan.' "You got it, Mr. Boyd. Relax. I won't create any trouble for you." Yasmine raised her hand and made a promise.
'I got so excited earlier because I was finally able to see my savior after such a long time. That was why I couldn't control myself and ran after him while calling out to him.'
###Chapter 1297
Now that Yasmine had seen that Boyd was safe, she had nothing more to worry about.
"Okay," Bonnie responded dryly. She needed to make sure Yasmine wouldn't throw a wrench in her plans. So, she reminded the latter again.
"From here on out, you can't talk to me. You also can't act as if you know me, alright?"
Yasmine made a gesture that shut her mouth before nodding aggressively.
Bonnie knew that Yasmine understood what she meant. So, she dropped the matter and started running again.
On the other hand, Yasmine "did her duty" and started chasing Bonnie without a single word.
Both Bonnie and Falcon were being pursued, but the latter was in a real deal.
Collin was wielding a gun and unleashing a barrage of bullets at Falcon. Needless to say, he intentionally missed his target. He wanted to see the latter scampering about frantically like a sewer rat. Given his marksmanship, it was a piece of cake for him to shoot and hit Falcon. However, he was still waiting for the right time. Once the time came, he wouldn't miss the shot.
Falcon heard the relentless gunshot and covered his ears. He was falling apart, ever fearful that a bullet would bury itself into his brain at any given second.
"I'll consider sparing you if you stop running this instant, Falcon. If you don't work with me, however, I might shoot somewhere you won't like."
"Heh..." Falcon couldn't help but sneer. "What makes you think I'll stop running just because you said so? Do you think I'm a fool?"
At the next moment, he heard a loud b***.
Collin shot Falcon in the calf.
"Ahh!"
The pain was so intense that Falcon couldn't resist screaming in agony. Blood streamed out of his calf, but he didn't dare to stop running. Instead, he dragged his injured foot and limped deeper into the forest. Collin saw it, his eyes laced with a grim coldness.
"Are you sure you're not going to stop, Falcon? I'm going to count to three. One... Two..."
He intentionally paused before he counted the last number.
"I just might blow your head off if you're not stopping."
Falcon heard what he said and trembled all over. Nevertheless, he didn't slow down at all.
'Collin clearly hates my guts. If I stop running, then I'll suffer a fate worse than death. Hell would look like a freaking resort compared to what he'll do to me.
'I stand a chance to live if I keep running. If I stop now, then all hope will be lost.'
Collin realized that Falcon merely kept running and the coldness in his eyes grew chillier.
Then, Collin counted the last number coldly.
"One."
A click could be heard as Collin aimed his gun at Falcon and pulled the trigger.
Falcon felt a chill at the back of his head. It meant death was coming for him.
'Everything will be over in the next second. I'm going to die soon.'
The more Falcon thought about it, the more his body trembled.
Bonnie saw what was happening. She got herself ready and moved to a certain spot. Then, she gave Collin a look and gestured for him to do it.
###Chapter 1298
Collin nodded at Bonnie subtly, letting her know that he knew what she meant. Then, he tore his gaze away from her and pulled the trigger.
Falcon heard a click, which was followed by the sound of a bullet being fired from its barrel.
B***!
Falcon thought he was going to die. So, he covered his head with both hands and screamed.
"Eeek!"
To his surprise, he heard a voice at this critical moment. "Watch out, Falcon!"
'Is that Barrett?'
Falcon was just about to turn around and look. Before he could do anything, however, someone rammed hard into him.
At the next second, a figure flashed in front of him and dragged him along while they tumbled down the hill.
They had rolled down half the hill when someone yanked at his arm out of nowhere, halting their descent abruptly.
Falcon was hanging over the slope. He was in an extremely perilous position.
He gave himself a second to find his footing before he raised his head and looked. What he saw was Bonnie's white shirt, which was stained with blood. Obviously, she took a bullet for him and got injured in the process. If she hadn't done that, then Collin might've blown his head off.
"Barrett... I..." Falcon was washed over by a myriad of emotions.
'The last thing I expected was for Barrett to put his life on the line for my sake. He saved my life.'
"Not now, Falcon." Bonnie's face turned pale. She had lost too much blood. "There's a cave up there. Use the rocks and try to climb up. Then, you'll pull me up."
"Okay." Falcon brushed his thoughts aside and responded. Then, he did as she told him and climbed up the ledge with the rocks.
He was very nimble. So, he pushed himself to climb up, despite his injured foot. About two seconds later, he leaned out and extended his hand to Bonnie. "Here, Barrett!"
"You got it." Bonnie reached out and started climbing up the ledge with Falcon's help.
He thought it'd be quite taxing to pull her up. To his surprise, she was surprisingly light. On top of that, they worked well with each other. So, he managed to pull her up in no time. Once Bonnie was on the ledge, she leaned on the walls of the cave and rested. Then, something popped into her mind and she flashed a smile at Falcon.
"That was a close one. We were almost caught by the Nidhoggs."
Falcon looked at her arm. Blood was still streaming out of her bullet wound. Then, he looked at the smile on her face.
His brows knitted tightly as all sorts of emotions washed over him.
"Why did you save me, Barrett? Aren't you worried that you might die for it?"
'I've harbored suspicion for Barrett on countless occasions and put him through numerous tests. What's worse, I haven't exactly been treating him nicely.
'Never have I thought he'd risk himself to save me. Not only did he save my life, but he was also heavily wounded in the process.'
###Chapter 1299
"Why, of course, I'm afraid. Why wouldn't I be?" Bonnie shrugged and responded casually, "Aren't we on the same boat? Moreover, you were forced out of hiding and drew the enemy's attention away from Billy because of what I said.
"That's why I have to make sure no danger befalls you. Your safety is my responsibility."
"Well..." For a moment there, Falcon didn't know what to say.
'When Barrett suggested for me to work with him and lure the enemies away from Billy, I thought he only did it to gain favor with Billy.
'I have no qualms for him to do that, but why did he have to drag me into it? I was brimming with hatred for him when I was running away from Collin's pursuit. I swear, I was thinking about teaching Barrett a lesson when we got back!
'Now I realized I've been judging him wrongly. Barrett might've dragged me down with him, but the fact is that the Nidhoggs are hunting for me. Even if I hadn't come out of my hiding, they would've figured out a way to suss me out.
'If that had happened, then all three of us wouldn't have survived the pursuit.
'Simply said, Barrett was forced to make such a decision. What's more, he kept an eye out on my situation in order to keep me safe. I would be a monster if I still blamed him for what happened!
Meanwhile, Bonnie noticed Falcon wasn't saying anything. She pretended to look dispirited and said, "I know you blame me for what happened. You think that I dragged you into this mess. You're right. It is my fault. I have a duty to save you. So, don't think too much about it, Falcon."
"That's not it," Falcon responded.
For a moment there, Bonnie didn't exactly know what he meant.
"Huh?"
"I'm saying that I'm not blaming you. It's not just that, either. I'm actually very thankful because you saved my life. Otherwise, Collin would've shot me dead." Falcon rubbed the back of his head.
"This makes us buddies, Barrett. We can confidently entrust our lives to each other now! You can count on my help for anything in the future. I'll do my very best to help you out."
Falcon had always played his cards close. Few souls could touch his heart and gain his trust on such a deep level.
However, that was what Bonnie did today. She managed to make him feel moved deeply.
'That's it. I've made up my mind. From this point on, Barrett is my family, as far as I'm concerned.'
Bonnie saw Falcon's expression and knew what was on his mind.
'I did it. I've won Falcon's trust. It looks like I didn't take the bullet for nothing!'
Bonnie didn't let her thoughts show on her face. Instead, she flashed him a relieved smile.
"I appreciate that, but I don't need your help. I'm thankful enough that you're not holding me responsible for this mess."
"Sigh... What are you talking about?" Falcon leaned on the wall of the cave, standing not far from Bonnie. "I might not have done anything extraordinary, but I do know I have to repay my debt of gratitude. The point is, we're family now. So, don't feel shy to ask for help."
'Repay a debt of gratitude? It sounded nothing but ironic when he said it. I've almost taught him everything I knew when I took him in. What did he do to repay me?
Bonnie was still in the middle of her thoughts when she heard Falcon's voice again.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you're doubting if I can live up to my words?"
Bonnie came back to her senses and responded to him with a smile, "That's not it. I've always thought you're a swell guy. That's why I'm willing to trust everything you say. Actually, I don't have any family here. It'd be wonderful to have a brother who's willing to back me up."
###Chapter 1300
All Falcon knew was that he was happy with what Bonnie said. He couldn't help but smile and say, "That's right. We won't be able to make it far if we don't support each other."
Then, he realized her face grew paler by the second. Even her lips were turning pale. He couldn't help but worry about her.
"Your arm might be worse off than my calf is, Barrett. We have to stop the bleeding. Otherwise, your life might be in danger."
What Falcon didn't know was that Bonnie merely made her injury look worse than it really was.
She used her extensive medical knowledge and her expertise in human vital points to make herself look weak. Aside from that, she also made the wound on her arm look more deadly. 'How else am I supposed to make Falcon feel moved and win his complete trust?'
Bonnie brushed her thoughts aside and pretended to be brave. She said weakly, "I-I'm fine. I can keep going."
"I want you to wait for me here while I search for herbs around the cave entrance," he said, limping forward.
Bonnie stopped him. "The Nidhoggs are still lurking outside. You should stay put for now. We went through a lot of trouble to find this hiding spot. What if they saw you?
"There aren't a lot of options around here. If they find us, they'll catch us and bring us to their base for torturing!"
"You have a point, but I must tend to your wound." Falcon frowned, genuinely worried about Bonnie. "Let me think. Maybe I can figure something out."
Bonnie didn't stop him. Instead, she let him dwell on his thoughts.
'Back then, I taught him a lot of skills, including medical knowledge. However, he wasn't gifted in this area and merely picked up the run-of-the-mill stuff. That said, what he did learn from me is more than enough to handle most medical situations.
'As for me, I've revealed too much about myself. I can't let him know that I have extensive medical knowledge. Otherwise, it'll make him suspicious of me again. That'd defeat the purpose of everything I've done.'
Falcon checked the surroundings from time to time. He almost excitedly yelped when he saw herbs growing along the cave's edge. These herbs would stop the bleeding.
However, he knew he couldn't make any loud noises, so he had to control his excitement and lower his voice to tell Bonnie the good news. "I noticed some herbs growing along the cave. They'll stop the bleeding. I'll pluck a few and tend to your wound."
Bonnie feigned surprise and asked, "You can recognize such herbs?"
"Yeah, I learned about them a little." Falcon limped over to the cave's edge for the herbs.
She questioned, "Is that another thing your old boss taught you?"
Falcon stopped when he heard that. Then, he nodded and admitted it. "Yeah."
Bonnie rested her chin on her hands and pretended to be puzzled. "Given what you told me, he must've treated you well. He taught you everything he knew. So, what prompted you to leave the Nidhoggs and change your allegiance to Billy?"
"I guess we wanted different things in life. I didn't get what I wanted from the Nidhoggs. Things worked differently from my expectations, too."
Falcon plucked the herbs. He found two rocks and proceeded to crush the herbs.
"Is it because you aren't satisfied with the level of power and wealth they gave you?" Bonnie knew Falcon had let down his guard around her, so she chose to be direct.
Falcon treated her like family. He was willing to answer anything she asked.
###Chapter 1301
Falcon looked regretful. He sighed and said, "Maybe it was both. I also might've been too greedy and wanted my old boss's approval. Whatever it is, I've turned my back on the Nidhoggs. H-Hey, I don't want to talk about it anymore."
Bonnie noticed his sincerity, but it made no difference. After all, he had betrayed her and caused tremendous losses for her organization. Still, she refused to show him mercy, knowing he should have expected her to retaliate when he stole her chip.
Meanwhile, Falcon handed Bonnie the crushed herbs, saying, "Here, cover your wound with this. It'll stop the bleeding."
She quickly took the herbs and thanked him, "I appreciate it."
Falcon was worried she would think he was unwilling to help, so he explained, "I wanted to put it on for you, but I know you're a clean freak and don't like people touching you. Go ahead and tend to your wound. I'll help you if you need it."
Bonnie had made up an excuse to stop Falcon from tending to her wound earlier. After all, she was only disguised as a man. Falcon would have found something out if she let him help her.
She applied the herbs to her wound, saying, "Your injury is pretty bad, too. You should put some of this on to prevent it from getting infected."
"You're right. I'll go and get myself more herbs." Falcon quickly left.
Meanwhile, Bonnie massaged the crushed herbs into her wound to stop the bleeding. Although her arm was severely injured, the bullet was not in there. Instead, it merely grazed her. 'Collin's aim has improved. I must admit I have some talented people in my organization.'
Yasmine recalled how Bonnie took the bullet for Falcon and even pulled him with her when they fell off the hill. Yasmine was so shocked that she began to sweat profusely.
She paled, stammering, "Y-You shot Mr. Boyd! Are you sure he'll survive such a fall, especially with a bullet wound?"
Collin also did not expect Bonnie to drag Falcon with her. Even so, Collin knew she would only do something like that if she were confident in succeeding.
'Bonnie must've considered every possibility before doing that. Still, her arm is bleeding, and I can't help but worry. Whatever, I can't do anything about it now.'
Collin looked at Yasmine comfortingly, saying, "Mr. Boyd knows what he's doing. You don't have to worry."
Even so, he felt awful. He did not want to say anything, but Yasmine looked genuinely concerned for Bonnie. Ultimately, Collin thought he did the right thing by comforting Yasmine.
###Chapter 1302
Yasmine was so angry that she was at a loss for words. After some thought, she finally said, "Mr. Boyd is amazing, but accidents can happen. We're in the middle of nowhere, and he has a bullet wound. What if Billy ran to save himself and doesn't return with reinforcements?"
"Then why don't you tell me what I should do?!" Collin said grimly, "Do you think I'm not worried about my boss? Of course, I am! If we bring him back to treat him, we'll undo everything he's done. All we can do is wait."
Yasmine was surprised that he yelled at her. After some time, she realized Collin was right. She held her head and said anxiously, "Is there nothing we can do to help?"
'I only came to ensure Mr. Boyd's safety.'
Collin noticed how anxious Yasmine looked and knew he had been too harsh. He calmed himself and said, "Just wait, okay? Boyd will text me when he's safe."
Yasmine sighed. "I guess that's all we can do."
Collin patted her shoulder and comforted her, "Don't worry. My boss will be okay."
Then, he ordered his men, "Keep searching the area for ten more minutes. After that, you can pack up and leave."
"Understood," the others responded in unison before resuming the search. However, that did nothing to diminish Yasmine's worries. She occasionally glanced at Collin, intending to say something. Even so, nothing she could say would make things better.
'Collin's right. I can't undo all of Mr. Boyd's work.'
Collin sensed Yasmine's gaze and felt a headache coming on. He massaged his temples and said, "What is it?"
Yasmine shook her head. "It's nothing."
Collin did not pry. Instead, he comforted her again, "Stop worrying, okay? Mr. Boyd will be fine."
"Okay," Yasmine responded, adding inwardly, 'I hope you're right.'
Falcon and Bonnie had just finished tending to their wounds and stopped the bleeding. The latter looked at the tree at the cave entrance and gauged its height. She sighed gloomily and said, "We're hiding somewhere so secluded. I wonder if Mr. Billy can find us. Will we die if he can't?"
"We'll be fine." Falcon looked at her comfortingly. "Billy gave me a flare gun. It's unlike any other. It'll make a big ruckus once I shoot it, so we can only use it once the Nidhoggs leave."
"All right. I feel better now that you said that." Bonnie took her phone and added, "I was trying to call Mr. Billy just now, but I had no signal. My phone's only as good as a flashlight now."
That reminded Falcon of how he snatched Bonnie's phone earlier. He realized he should not have done that, but he could not stop himself then.
'I think I owe Barrett an apology.'
###Chapter 1303
Falcon put his thoughts into action, saying, "I'm sorry for snatching away your phone earlier, Barrett. I shouldn't have done that."
Bonnie waved and said forgivingly, "It's nothing. Also, do I look petty to you? I wouldn't have saved you if I got mad over something so trivial." "I guess you're right." Falcon gave her a thumbs up. "That's what I think of you, Barrett."
Bonnie giggled and was about to say something. Suddenly, she heard voices from above, "Did you search here yet? Did you see them?" "I searched this area, but there was no sign of them. They must've died from the fall. I think we should stop searching."
"I hope Falcon's dead! It's a shame the unlucky son of a b*** took a bullet for him, though. Still, I think they both fell off the hill and died."
"Let's report back. We'll ask if we can search elsewhere. If we still can't find them, we'll leave. We don't need to waste any more time here."
Bonnie waited for the voices to fade before looking at Falcon and saying helplessly, "I told you I wasn't one of them, but you didn't trust me. You have to believe me now, right? If not, why would they leave me here? They even called me an unlucky son of a b***."
Falcon could not help but apologize, "I take the blame. I was too wary, and that made me misunderstand you."
"It's okay. What matters is that I've proven myself to you." Although Bonnie said that, those words could not be further from the truth. After all, she planned to fall off the hill with Falcon. She needed to raise the stakes to gain his absolute trust.
However, she did not tell Collin about it, and Yasmine was there, too.
'Those two must be worried after watching me fall off the hill. I'll have to find a way to contact Collin soon and tell him I'm okay.'
Falcon did not want to stay there any longer. He said, "Considering what the Nidhoggs said, they'll leave this place soon. I'll fire the flare to signal Billy so he can come and rescue us." Bonnie nodded. "Okay, I'll leave that to you."
About ten minutes later, Collin left with his men while Yasmine looked back worriedly. Collin noticed it and said, "You shouldn't have come with us. Then, you wouldn't be so stressed."
'It seems Yasmine loves my boss. I wonder how she'll react if she discovers her savior is a woman disguised as a man. I already hinted at Yasmine countless times, but she couldn't see it.'
"I didn't expect you guys to do something so reckless!" Yasmine said aggrievedly, "On the contrary, I would've been more anxious if I didn't tag along. I'd still find out what happened to Mr. Boyd." Collin interjected, "We still have to wait for him. There's nothing else we can do besides trust that he's okay."
Although he was concerned about Bonnie, he was responsible for the Nidhoggs during her absence. Hence, he could not afford to wear his heart on his sleeve.
'My men would panic, too, if they see me running around like a headless chicken.'
###Chapter 1304
Yasmine could not stop worrying about "Bonnie" as she left the area. The former did not want to go. Instead, she wanted to stay and ensure Bonnie's safety.
If possible, Yasmine even wanted to take her away to get her wound treated. Even so, that was a luxury Yasmine could not afford.
Collin wanted to comfort her again but knew it would not work. Ultimately, he decided against it and continued to walk away. He knew he would only worsen things if he continued to comfort her. Suddenly, Yasmine thought of something and looked at Collin, saying, "Something's strange about the whole thing."
"What is it?" Collin stopped and turned to look at her.
"Mr. Boyd alienated Billy and Falcon from everyone else, right? Why didn't you just catch them and bring them to your base? Then, you could torture them into revealing the chip's location.
"You had such a perfect opportunity but had to let them go and put my savior at risk instead. Don't you think you'll lose more that way?" Yasmine had thought about that earlier but could not put it into words. Finally, she asked Collin about it.
He replied, "My boss and I thought about that long ago."
At that moment, Collin did not know how Yasmine would react. He continued, "Falcon was one of us for over a decade, so we know him better than anyone. Since he stole the chip, he would've hidden it well. We could beat and torture him to death, but he'd never tell us where the chip is."
"Oh, I get it." Yasmine nodded in understanding. "That explains why Boyd had to do so much just to gain Falcon's trust."
"Mhm," Collin responded dryly, "My boss is wise and can see things no one else can. That's why you should trust him."
Yasmine blinked, saying, "I never doubted Mr. Boyd's tactics. I'm just worried you didn't think of everything, putting him in a dangerous situation."
Collin's lips twitched when he heard that. He realized Yasmine was only worried he would fail to carry out "Bonnie's" tactics to a tee and put the latter in danger.
'Yeah, Bonnie was in danger briefly, but doesn't Yasmine realize I thought it through, too? Why does Yasmine have so little confidence in me?'
Collin did not voice his thoughts.
'Forget it. Yasmine always throws logic out the window concerning Bonnie. I don't have time to argue. I know the truth about Bonnie, and that's good enough for me. I don't have to tell Yasmine anything. It's not like she'll understand me.'
Yasmine sighed again and asked, "When do you think Mr. Boyd will get out of this pinch?"
After some thought, Collin replied, "He'll be safe once we're gone, and Billy takes his men to rescue my boss and Falcon."
###Chapter 1305
Yasmine felt helpless, saying, "The most dangerous place is the safest place for Mr. Boyd, huh?"
Collin responded, "Given his current circumstances, yes."
Then, he picked up his pace and added, "That's why we need to leave now. If we stay longer, it'll only delay my boss's rescue."
Yasmine caught up to him. "Yeah, let's go."
Suddenly, she recalled something and said, "If your boss contacts you when we're back, please tell me how he's doing. Otherwise, I won't be able to sleep."
"You got it," Collin responded, thinking, 'She's so demanding. If I didn't know better, I would've thought she was Bonnie's wife.'
"Perfect." Yasmine looked at him approvingly, causing his lips to twitch again.
'Yasmine keeps talking about Bonnie. I should stop responding to her, or she'll never stop.'
Falcon propped himself up and limped toward the cave's entrance. He stood there and listened briefly before returning to "Bonnie's" side. He said excitedly, "I think the Nidhoggs are gone. I'll use the flare gun to signal Billy now."
Bonnie looked at him and calmly said, "We should wait a little longer. The Nidhoggs might still be around waiting for us to fire that thing. That'll make it easier for them to catch us."
She was not worried about that. After all, Collin had completed the task she had given him. It did not matter if the Nidhoggs heard the flare gun because Collin would not return for her anyway. Moreover, he might just be excited to see the flare.
That would be proof that Bonnie was safe. That said, Falcon would think she had his best interests and trust her more. As expected, he looked at her gratefully. "You think of everything, Barrett. I almost made a huge mistake!"
Bonnie chuckled. "You don't have to say that. We're on the same boat."
Falcon scratched his head, saying, "No wonder Billy always speaks highly of you. You see things others don't. Although I might be older than you, I must rely on your intelligence. Otherwise, I would've made a mistake."
###Chapter 1306
Bonnie waved. "You're pretty smart yourself."
Falcon grinned and chuckled, saying, "I wouldn't have gotten us into this miserable situation if I were."
Bonnie was about to say something when Billy's voice echoed from above, "Did you guys search this area yet? Did you see anyone?"
"There's no one here, Mr. Billy."
"What about over there? Search every inch of this place! We're only looking for two guys. How hard can it be?!"
Bonnie and Falcon swapped glances. Then, the latter smiled for the first time since they started running for their lives. He said, "Billy brought backup to save us! I don't even have to shoot the flare!" Bonnie acted moved, saying, "Yeah, he must've come to rescue us immediately after gathering more men. It looks like he's pretty loyal, too. I thought he'd leave us here to die."
Falcon spoke bluntly and honestly, "That's one thing you won't have to worry about. I have something Billy wants, so he won't abandon us."
Since Billy was the leader of his organization, he was naturally selfish. If Falcon had not had something beneficial to Billy, the latter would not have risked returning to save Falcon and Bonnie.
'Barrett keeps mentioning how loyal Billy is, but that's because Barrett's too inexperienced and naive."
"What do you have that's important to Mr. Billy?" Bonnie feigned curiosity. "Is it the chip you guys talked about?”
If she had asked this question too soon, Falcon would have avoided answering it. However, he began to think of "Bonnie" as a friend after what they had gone through together. That was why he no longer cared about keeping secrets.
Instead, he answered honestly, "Yeah, that's it. I bet Billy will let you work on the chip soon enough. I'll tell you the details then."
Bonnie squinted with a hint of playfulness. She knew Billy had to ask for Falcon's opinion regarding the chip. Now that the latter had said she could work on the chip soon, it would surely happen.
"All right, I look forward to it," Bonnie said as she propped herself up on the wall of the cave, "Quick, call out to Mr. Billy to get us. Otherwise, our injuries will only worsen over time."
Then, she had an idea and deliberately made fun of the situation, saying, "If that happens, you'll lose a leg, and I'll lose a hand. Then, we'll be buddies for life."
Falcon was stunned. He chuckled and said, "How can you joke at a time like this?"
"It's good to lighten the mood." Bonnie smiled. "You're smiling, aren't you? That means my joke was pretty entertaining."
"I guess you're right," Falcon said as he felt his cheek.
'Barrett's right. I feel more relaxed after hearing that joke. I'm not as stiff and grim as I was a minute ago.'
With that in mind, Falcon faced the entrance and took a deep breath before shouting, "Billy! We're in the cave below you!" Billy was about to leave the area when he heard Falcon's voice.
###Chapter 1307
Billy glanced at Francesco and asked, "Did you hear that?"
Francesco responded confidently, "I did, sir! Falcon said he's at the cave below us!"
Billy ran over to the hill and looked but could not see the cave. "Guys, lower your ropes!"
Francesco panicked and quickly pulled him back, saying, "Don't stand there, sir! It's dangerous. What if you fall? Here, I'll take two men with me, and we'll climb down to check the area."
"Okay, go." Billy stepped back and kept a safe distance from the hill.
Meanwhile, Francesco lowered a rope and climbed down. He had only reached halfway down when he saw Falcon and Bonnie. Francesco was startled, shouting, "Jeez!"
Billy heard his voice and leaned over. "What's wrong?! Did something happen? Do you see them?"
Francesco gathered himself before responding, "Y-Yeah, I see them. Nothing happened. I just got scared, that's all."
He jumped off the rope and stood at the cave's entrance. Then, he saw the severe injuries Falcon and Bonnie had sustained. Francesco quickly gave the rope to Falcon, saying, "You're hurt. Can you tie the rope to yourself for them to pull you up?"
However, Falcon tied the rope around "Bonnie" and said, "Here, you go first. I'll be right behind you."
She thought he would have been eager to leave first and did not expect him to prioritize her instead. Although surprised, she hid her feelings and said, "I appreciate it. I'll see you up there."
Billy felt better after seeing Bonnie. Then, he looked down again and asked, "Where's Falcon? Is he okay?"
"We're both hurt," Bonnie said as she showed Billy her arm. "My arm's injured, and Falcon has an injury on his leg."
Billy frowned as he looked at Bonnie's blood-stained shirt. "How'd you get hurt so badly?"
He was grateful that Bonnie and Floyd had escaped from the Nidhoggs, even though they had sustained severe injuries.
'At least they're competent,' Billy thought.
Bonnie was about to say something when the others pulled Falcon up. The latter heard Billy's question and replied, "Barrett got hurt protecting me."
"He protected you?" Billy looked at Bonnie in surprise.
The latter then briefly explained everything to Billy. The more he listened, the more surprised he felt. He admired Bonnie even more after hearing about what had happened. He said, "I can't believe you're so courageous despite your age."
Then, he turned to Falcon and said crudely, "Barrett put his life on the line for you. I don't know what to say if you're still suspicious of him."
###Chapter 1308
"You don't need to tell me that, Billy." Considering how Falcon looked at "Bonnie," he no longer kept up his guard around her. "Barrett and I just survived a life-threatening situation. I'll never be suspicious of him again."
"I'm glad you finally see it that way." Billy realized things were going well between Bonnie and Falcon, so he planned his next step.
'They're much closer now, meaning they can work better together. Falcon and Barrett are computer geniuses, so I believe we'll hack the chip in no time, especially with their combined strength. It won't be long before I can rule over all international organizations.'
Billy was excited and could not stop smiling. Falcon noticed it and asked curiously, "Why do you look so happy?"
The former stopped smiling and said, "I'm pleased to see you and Barrett safe. Why else would I be smiling?"
Then, he waved and ordered his men, "Let's return to our base. Remember to stay quiet. We don't want those Nidhoggs coming back."
Bonnie's eyes sparkled subtly when she heard that. She feigned concern and asked, "The Nidhoggs have already found our base's perimeters, right? I don't think it's safe for us to go back now."
Billy raised his chin and said triumphantly, "It's only the perimeters. I built some secret areas at the heart of my base. Otherwise, they would've invaded the place entirely. How else could I have gathered my men to come and rescue you two?"
The secret areas were his trump card. Initially, he did not want Falcon and Bonnie to know about them, but Falcon made a fine point. Billy and his organization had survived a dangerous situation. 'We've become closer and know each other more deeply now. I guess I can tell them such secrets.'
"You mean you have secret tunnels and stuff?" Bonnie was surprised. She thought Billy had revealed everything he had in his base and did not expect him to have such a trump card. Bonnie realized how cautious he was.
That said, she thought there was nothing spectacular about Billy. After all, he was about to show her the deepest secret about his base.
'I only needed to let a bullet graze my skin to get such valuable information. That was worth it, all right.'
"Yeah," Billy was about to say something but realized he could not explain everything to the duo yet. So, he waved and said, "You'll see when we get there. I don't know how to explain it properly." "You got it, Mr. Billy." Bonnie gestured. "Please lead the way."
Billy nodded and took his men to the secret tunnels. While Bonnie and Falcon followed leisurely, the latter grumbled, "I've been in this organization for a while now and didn't even know about these secret areas. Billy's such a secretive guy."
Bonnie wanted to show her understanding because she did not want to offend either of them. She said, "Mr. Billy's running a massive organization. It's only natural for him to be cautious. He also didn't abandon us. All we have to do now is follow his lead and forget about the rest."
Falcon was surprised she could see things so clearly despite her young age.
###Chapter 1309
Falcon gave "Bonnie" a thumbs-up and said, "You have a sharp mind, Barrett. I have much to learn from you."
"What's there to learn? You'll know more once you've gathered enough life experiences, right?" Bonnie said in surprise. She did not think Falcon would praise her over something so trivial. That proved he genuinely considered her a close friend.
Falcon was curious, saying genuinely, "You look so much younger than me, so why do you like you have more life experience? Is it because of your upbringing?"
He thought "Bonnie" had two contradicting sides to her character. Sometimes, she would seem naive and inexperienced, and other times, he could see things most could not. Falcon did not know how to put his thoughts into words at that moment.
Nonetheless, he was not suspicious of Bonnie but was only curious.
"Maybe it was my upbringing. My mom has a severe condition, so I have to keep my family together. That must be why I seem more mature than everyone else," Bonnie shamelessly and calmly lied. After all, she knew Falcon would not try to verify what she said.
Falcon chuckled and asked, "Is that so? We both had the short end of life's stick, I guess. We share the same background. No wonder we're so close now."
Bonnie laughed along. "Yeah, it must be fate."
The duo chatted as Billy led them through a complex tunnel. They had to make many twists and turns before reaching their destination. Meanwhile, Bonnie paid close attention to the paths they took.
Once they reached the secret area, she noticed it had far fewer buildings compared to the old base. Also, there were only about a dozen organization members there.
'These must be the people Billy trusts most. Otherwise, he wouldn't allow them to be here,' Bonnie thought as she looked around, 'This must be his actual base of operations.'
Although the previous base was secluded, it was nothing compared to this place. Bonnie had risked her life to save Billy and had even drawn his enemies away from him. If she had not done that, he would not have brought her here.
Falcon said, "This place is so hidden, Billy. No one could've ever found it."
"Of course it is. Do you know who you're talking to? I designed this place. No one will find this place unless I want them to," Billy said triumphantly. It was apparent how proud he was of this area.
Then, he thought of something and said solemnly, "Since it's a secret area, it means not many people know about it. I'll know if anyone leaks its location."
Billy glared at Falcon and Bonnie, adding, "Do you know what I'm getting at?"
Falcon immediately responded, "Loud and clear. Barrett and I have to thank the Nidhoggs for our injuries. There's no way we'll leak this location. Don't worry about a thing. Barrett and I won't betray you. You trust us, right?"
###Chapter 1310
Billy gazed sharply at Falcon and "Bonnie," but they looked calm. Billy could sense nothing suspicious about them and became more relaxed. Then, he smiled and said, "You two have been with me for quite some time. Of course, I trust you."
He turned and looked at a nearby shipping container. Then, he pointed at it and said, "There's a doctor in there. Go and get your wounds treated. We don't want any long-term damage, do we?" "Thanks, boss," Falcon thanked him and then looked at Bonnie with concern. "Your hand injury matters more than my leg injury, Barrett. You go ahead. I'll wait until you're done before I tend to my wound." "Don't mind if I do." Bonnie approached the shipping container.
Billy and Falcon watched as she visited the doctor. Then, the former looked at Falcon and asked, "Did you notice anything unusual when you were with Barrett? Did he mention the Nidhoggs or anything?" Falcon responded solemnly, "You said it yourself, Billy. He put his life on the line to save us. That means he checks out. You even told me to stop probing him, or I might worsen things between us. Don't you trust Barrett?"
"That's not it." Billy waved. "It was just a casual question. I want to be as safe as possible."
"If that's the case, you have nothing to worry about. Barrett is trustworthy. You can doubt anyone else, but not him." Falcon genuinely trusted "Bonnie" now. Otherwise, he would not have said that. "Mhm," Billy responded dryly, "I trust you know what you're doing."
About ten minutes later, Billy saw Bonnie exiting the shipping containment and ordered Francesco, "Show Barrett to his room so he can rest."
"Right away, sir." Francesco nodded and led Bonnie away. "This way please, Mr. Barrett."
"Okay." She nodded before turning to look at Falcon. "Get treated, Falcon."
Then, she told Billy, "I'll go and rest now. It's been a long day, and I can barely keep my eyes open."
"Go ahead. You did well today." Billy waved.
As Bonnie turned to leave, she heard Falcon saying, "Billy, get me a room beside Barrett's. It'll make it easier for me to chat with him when I'm bored."
Billy had a slightly strange feeling in his gut when he heard that. After some thought, he said, "Okay, I'll see to it. Stop wasting time and get your leg checked, or the doctor might have to amputate it." "You got it." Falcon smiled and then glanced at Bonnie, saying, "I'll be out soon."
She did not respond, but her lips twitched.
###Chapter 1311
Although Bonnie knew Falcon didn't mean it that way, she still found his words unsettling.
Without waiting for a response from Bonnie, Falcon limped into the cubicle to tend to his wounds while Bonnie went to the room Billy had arranged for her to rest.
The first thing she did upon entering the room was to walk around to check for surveillance equipment. Given their sudden arrival and the situation's urgency, Billy likely hadn't had time to set anything up. As Bonnie had anticipated, the room was safe and had no surveillance devices.
After confirming this, she quietly walked to the door, locked it, and took out her phone to check for a signal. The phone had reception, allowing her to contact the outside world.
She immediately called Collin to tell him she was safe and to prevent him from worrying needlessly.
Meanwhile, Yasmine and Collin returned to the hotel. As soon as they exited the car, they saw Ivor standing at the entrance.
Yasmine gulped and instinctively took a small step back.
"B-Boss..."
'I have never thought Ivor would be waiting here for me?'
'What should I do next?'
Ivor's narrow eyes flashed with a mysterious glint when he noticed Yasmine's reaction. Even his voice seemed to carry a chill.
"Get over here. Afraid I'll eat you?"
"B-Boss, don't say that. You're my best, best, best boss. How could I be afraid of you?" Yasmine forced a smile.
When she left the organization to find her savior, it was with sheer courage. Now that it had happened, she planned to hide out with Collin until Ivor calmed down before returning. But she never expected Ivor to show up so soon.
'What should I do now? How can I explain to my boss? How can I gain his forgiveness?'
'If it were any other time, I wouldn't be so panicked. I might even joke with my boss. But I had overstepped this time, and I don't know how he will punish me...'
Ivor's cold voice rang in her ear as these thoughts swirled in her mind.
"Yasmine, come here!"
The deliberate coldness in his tone made Yasmine shiver. Before she knew it, her body had moved independently, obediently running to his side.
Yasmine didn't know how to respond to Ivor's severe expression, so she bowed her head and apologized gently.
"I'm sorry, Boss."
Ivor gave her a long look. "I'll deal with you when we get back."
Yasmine shrank back, her mind filled with a single thought: 'I'm done for!'
Ivor turned away from her to look at Collin. "Thank you for taking care of Yasmine. Once we take her back, I'll ensure she doesn't cause you more trouble." "You're too kind. Yasmine hasn't caused us any trouble," Collin replied, his mind occupied with concern for his boss.
"I still have matters to attend to and can't entertain you. If there's nothing else, you should head back," Ivor said.
###Chapter 1312
"Hmm."
Ivor responded indifferently, intending to leave, but stopped as if recalling something. He turned back to Collin and asked, "By the way, I almost forgot to ask, did you see your boss during this mission? How is he? Did the mission go smoothly?"
Ivor wouldn't usually ask, but he felt it was necessary as a partner of the Nidhogg Organization.
"Mr. Boyd..."
Collin paused mid-sentence, unsure of how to continue. He scratched the back of his head forcefully.
"I guess it went okay."
"Okay?" Ivor sensed something off. "What do you mean?"
Collin hesitated, unsure whether to disclose Bonnie's situation to Ivor. Seeing Ivor still waiting for an answer, his expression filled with difficulty.
Ivor noticed Collin's troubled look. He didn't press further and stepped back.
"If it's inconvenient to answer, never mind. We'll head back."
It didn't matter if Collin didn't want to answer. Yasmine had been with them and should know the situation. He could ask her later.
"Alright..."
As soon as Collin responded, his phone vibrated in his pocket.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz-"
'Who could be calling me at such a bad time?'
Frowning, Collin pulled out his phone. The annoyance on his face vanished instantly, replaced by urgency and joy when he saw the caller ID.
Yasmine noticed his change in expression, her eyes lighting up as she quickly ran to his side. "Is it my savior calling you?"
Collin steadied his emotions and nodded.
"Yes, it's Mr. Boyd! He finally called me!"
Yasmine patted his arm excitedly.
"Then what are you waiting for? Answer it!"
"Okay!" Collin nodded vigorously and quickly answered the call.
On the other end, Bonnie's voice soon came through.
"I'm fine, don't worry."
Collin was overjoyed, but Yasmine exclaimed before he could speak, "Wahhh-Savior, I'm so glad you're okay! You have no idea how worried I was. I thought you might have..." She couldn't continue, tears welling uncontrollably and streaming down her face.
Bonnie comforted her gently upon hearing Yasmine's sobs.
"See? I'm alright. There's no need to worry about me."
Yasmine couldn't hold back, her tears still flowing uncontrollably.
###Chapter 1313
"I was so worried about you."
All the fear and anxiety Bonnie had felt on the way back for her savior transformed into tears. She had even thought she might never see her savior again. These tears were not just from worry but also from joy. She was delighted that her savior had survived the ordeal and brought them the good news of safety.
The intermittent sobbing in her ear gave Bonnie a headache, and she pressed her temples.
"Stop crying. If you keep crying, I'll hang up."
This "threat" worked on Yasmine. She immediately stopped crying and sniffed hard.
"I-I won't cry anymore. Please don't hang up, savior."
Standing beside Ivor, Floyd listened to Yasmine's conversation with Bonnie, filled with confusion.
"Mr. Vic, what's wrong with Yasmine? Why is she so emotional after getting a call from Mr. Boyd? Did something dangerous happen to him during this trip?"
Ivor recalled asking Collin about Bonnie's condition and his vague answers. It seemed Bonnie had encountered some danger, and Collin was unsure whether to reveal it.
However, judging by the Nidhogg Organization leader's strong voice, it appeared they had escaped the danger and were fine.
"Yes, it seems so, but we don't know the specifics," Ivor replied to Floyd.
Floyd glanced at Yasmine.
"Should we interrupt Yasmine's conversation with Mr. Boyd and ask her to return?"
Ivor looked at Yasmine, sniffling and looking pitiful. If her brother were here, he'd probably be heartbroken seeing her like this.
During a past mission, her brother had sacrificed himself to save Ivor. Since then, Ivor considered himself somewhat of a surrogate brother to Yasmine. He let her have her moment after seeing her so attached to someone.
"No need. Leave her alone for now."
Floyd was surprised by this decision but didn't question it.
"Yes, Mr. Vic," Floyd responded, stepping aside to stand quietly by Ivor.
On the other end of the line, Bonnie sighed in relief, hearing Yasmine stop crying.
"Alright, I'm fine. You don't need to worry about me."
After comforting Yasmine, Bonnie continued, "Can you pass the phone to Collin? I need to speak with him."
Although Yasmine was reluctant and wanted to continue talking to her savior, she handed the phone to Collin, understanding there were matters to discuss.
"Collin, Mr. Boyd wants to talk to you."
Collin took the phone and spoke to Bonnie on the other end, "Mr. Boyd, what do you need to tell me?"
"It's nothing major. I just wanted to let you know I'm fine. I've also gained Falcon's trust. He sees me as a brother now and fully trusts me," Bonnie said while rubbing her chin thoughtfully. "Given this, I think it won't be long before I can get access to the chip. Be prepared to act at any moment."
"Got it, Mr. Boyd. I'll make the necessary arrangements," Collin said, his tone more relaxed. "Mr. Boyd. I've been worried about you, but now that I know you're okay, I'm relieved."
###Chapter 1314
"I'm fine," Bonnie said with a smile. "Besides, when have you ever seen me do something I'm not confident about?"
"While that may be true, doing something so dangerous always carries the risk of unexpected events," Collin replied, his tone gradually carrying a hint of a smile. "It's just good to know you're safe. That's the best news for us."
Yasmine echoed, "Yes, savior. Your safety is more important than anything else."
Bonnie smiled again and was about to say something when a knock on the door interrupted her.
"Knock, knock, knock-"
The sound made her eyes flash with caution. She lowered her voice and spoke into the phone, "I've told you everything you need to know. Something has come up here, so I have to go." She then hung up the phone, leaving only the dial tone.
Collin returned his phone and turned to Ivor and the others, saying, "Mr. Boyd said he's successfully gained Falcon's trust. It won't be long before he can access the chip. I'll notify you immediately if anything happens."
"Good. I'll make the necessary arrangements once I return," Ivor nodded slightly, then turned to Yasmine and said calmly, "Let's go back."
"Got it, Boss," Yasmine responded while watching Ivor's expression, planning to act accordingly. However, his face remained completely calm, showing no emotion.
She scratched her head in confusion, unable to discern whether he was angry. She dared not speak, fearing she might say the wrong thing and further anger him. Ivor glanced at her from the corner of his eye when he noticed Yasmine's gaze.
"Why are you staring at me? Is there something on my face?"
"No, nothing," Yasmine shook her head vigorously. "If anything, it's just... your handsomeness, Boss."
Yasmine's bold words shocked Floyd so much that he started coughing violently.
"Cough, cough, cough—"
'Yasmine dares to joke with the boss even after making a mistake and angering him. She truly is brave.'
Ivor's deep gaze remained fixed on Yasmine, making her feel uncomfortable.
"B-Boss, why are you looking at me like that?"
Ivor didn't respond, giving her one more long look before turning away and walking ahead.
Floyd quickly followed and reminded Yasmine, "You should catch up."
"Oh..." Yasmine responded, following Ivor, scratching her head and muttering, "What does this mean? Is he angry with me or not?"
Collin smiled while helplessly watching their departing figures.
"The people from the Dark Knight Organization are quite interesting."
Meanwhile, Ivor and his group returned to the hotel.
###Chapter 1315
Just as they were about to enter the door, Ivor turned to Yasmine and said sternly, "Go to your room and reflect on your actions. You are not allowed to come out until I say so. If you sneak out again, your punishment will be far more severe."
On the way back, Yasmine wondered what kind of punishment Ivor would give her. At worst, she expected to be sent to the training camp for intense training. She was prepared for the worst. However, she was relieved when Ivor said her punishment was simply to reflect on her actions.
"Thank you, Boss," Yasmine said, her voice full of gratitude.
Ivor frowned as he noticed her just staring at him without speaking. "Why aren't you saying anything? Do you think your punishment is too light? Should I make it harsher?" Yasmine snapped out of her daze and quickly waved her hands. "No, no! I'll go and reflect right away. Don't worry, Boss. I promise I won't leave without your permission!"
Having seen her savior and confirmed her safety, Yasmine felt there was no reason to go out again.
"Good..." Ivor started, but Yasmine had already run off before he could finish.
Watching her joyful retreating figure, Ivor rubbed his temples with a touch of helplessness. "That Yasmine..."
Although Floyd also thought the punishment was too light, it wasn't his place to comment, so he remained silent.
Ivor sighed almost imperceptibly. He then took his eyes off Yasmine and turned to Floyd. "Gather our people and prepare to support the Nidhogg Organization."
"Yes, sir," Floyd replied promptly, making the necessary arrangements.
With everything organized, Ivor returned to his room with a pleased smile. Things were finally wrapping up after spending so much time at Yale. Once the Nidhogg Organization secured the chip, he could return to see Bonnie. He missed her dearly after all this time.
Meanwhile, Bonnie calmly deleted her call history with Collin and opened the door. She feigned surprise when she saw Falcon standing there. "You finished treating your wounds already?"
"Yes, my injuries weren't serious, so it didn't take long," Falcon replied, a hint of mystery in his eyes as he winked at Bonnie. "Besides, I came over with something special for you." "Something special?" Bonnie raised an eyebrow in surprise. "What is it?"
Falcon glanced around to ensure they weren't being overheard, then lowered his voice. "Let's go inside first. It's not convenient to talk here."
What could it be that required such secrecy? Bonnie's curiosity was piqued. She stepped aside to let Falcon in. "Alright, come on in."
Falcon nodded and slipped into Bonnie's room, crouching low as he entered. Bonnie chuckled when he watched his actions.
'What could Falcon be hiding? His stealthy movements made him look like a thief.' A bold guess crossed her mind: 'Could Falcon be trying to show me something inappropriate?' 'Although Falcon now genuinely saw me as a brother, we aren't close enough to share such things... are we?'
###Chapter 1316
As Bonnie pondered this, Falcon pulled something out of his pocket. Bonnie focused on the and saw it was a square box.
"What's this?" she asked while examining it closely. She couldn't tell what it was from its appearance.
Falcon noticed her curiosity and smiled. "It's an excellent healing ointment."
"Ointment?" Bonnie realized. But why was Falcon so secretive about giving her an ointment? He had made it sound like he was giving her something extraordinary, making her wonder if it was inappropriate. Falcon laughed at the expression on Bonnie's face. "What did you think it was?"
Bonnie coughed lightly, trying to cover her embarrassment. "Men, you know how it is."
Falcon was momentarily stunned, then burst out laughing. "I didn't expect you to think that way, but it's normal for men to have such needs. If you need anything, I can get some from Mr. Billy. He surely has that kind of stuff."
Bonnie quickly waved her hands in refusal. "No, no, I just misunderstood for a moment."
"Don't be shy. It's understandable. We're all men here, and Mr. Billy would understand too," Falcon said, though inwardly he was reflecting.
He used to think Barrett and Bonnie were similar, but now he saw they were pretty different. For instance, Bonnie would never say anything like what Barrett did. Their behaviors might be identical, but spending time with both made it clear they were distinct individuals.
"It's fine," Bonnie said, feeling awkward. She decided to change the subject. "You brought the ointment, right? Let me see it."
Though Bonnie had initially misunderstood Falcon's intentions, she had deliberately made those comments to eliminate Falcon's suspicions further, ensuring he didn't think she was their former boss. Judging by Falcon's reaction, it seemed her plan was successful.
Falcon managed to stifle his laughter. He then opened the box and presented it to Bonnie. "Here, this is the ointment. I'm telling you, it works wonders. Use it for a week. Your wounds will heal completely without leaving scars.
"Unfortunately, this is my last box, and I wanted to give it to you. I didn't mention it to anyone because if Mr. Billy's people found out, they'd all come asking for it when injured. What would I do then?"
"I see. No wonder you were being so secretive," Bonnie remarked, glancing down at the light green ointment. She couldn't help but pause.
###Chapter 1317
This was the ointment Bonnie had specially formulated for the organization's members when she had some free time.
She wanted to provide her comrades with a better ointment to ease their pain and reduce complications because they often got injured during missions.
This was her first time distributing this ointment, meant for the comrades to test its effectiveness. If it worked well, she planned to produce a larger batch with an improved formula.
Back then, she only gave out two bottles per person. Collin had long used his supply and even requested more later. She never expected Falcon to have his still and cherish it enough to give it to her now. He must see her as a trustworthy brother.
Bonnie's feelings grew complicated. Sometimes, she thought Falcon was loyal and righteous; other times, she found him heartless. It was a conflicting sentiment.
Collin waved a hand before her eyes when he noticed Bonnie's distraction. "Barrett, Barrett, what's up?"
Bonnie returned to reality and replied calmly, "Nothing, just thought this ointment smells unique and nice." Falcon, who hadn't noticed this before, bent down to sniff the ointment. "It does smell good."
After mumbling this, he urged Bonnie to apply the ointment. "But the scent isn't what's important. You need to use this ointment quickly and get your arm back to normal. Once that's done, we can work together to crack the chip. With our teamwork, we'll get it done in no time!"
The mention of the chip made Bonnie's ears perk up. She took the ointment and casually asked, "Didn't Mr. Billy tell me when everything was ready? I thought it wasn't urgent. Do you have any new information from him?"
"The chip issue is mainly up to me, not Mr. Billy. He also wants us to crack the chip and extract the technology as soon as possible to dominate all international organizations." Falcon was now completely trusting of Bonnie. He shared everything openly without holding back.
A flicker of light crossed Bonnie's eyes, but she quickly hid her emotions. "Then I should indeed recover quickly. Delaying your and Mr. Billy's plans wouldn't be good."
"It's not a delay," Falcon reassured her with a gentle look. "As long as your arm gets back to normal soon. After all, you got hurt saving me, so I'd feel guilty if I didn't help. Of course, cracking the chip is part of it, but that's a small reason."
Bonnie chuckled at his explanation and teased, "I've noticed you're being quite nice to me now, unlike when we first met."
"I misunderstood you before," Falcon admitted, scratching his head awkwardly. "But now, you're my best brother. I won't treat you like that again."
As Bonnie applied the ointment, she discreetly asked a crucial question. This question would indirectly determine Falcon's fate when she brought him back.
###Chapter 1318
"I think I understand. You initially rejected me because you thought I resembled your mentor. But you also said your mentor helped you a lot. So why did you leave the organization? Did he do something so unforgivable that it made you leave?"
"Well..." Falcon hesitated, not because he wanted to hide anything from Bonnie but because the situation was too complicated to explain quickly.
Upon seeing Falcon's hesitation, Bonnie narrowed her eyes slightly. "It's fine if you don't want to talk about it. I won't press you."
"It's not that I don't want to. I just don't know where to start." Falcon rubbed his forehead in frustration. "Besides, we're good brothers. There's nothing I can't tell you."
"Seriously, you don't have to force yourself." Bonnie knew Falcon was on the verge of opening up, so she pretended to be understanding. "Even though we're close, some things don't need to be shared if you're uncomfortable."
"No! The more you say that the more I feel I have to tell you!" Falcon took a moment to gather his thoughts, trying to figure out how to explain everything to Bonnie clearly.
After two or three minutes of silence, he finally spoke again. "Saying I rejected you because you reminded me of my mentor isn't entirely accurate. It wasn't rejection; it was more fear." "Fear?" Bonnie raised an eyebrow in surprise. "Why would you be afraid? Was your mentor a very harsh person?"
"No, he wasn't harsh." Falcon's expression suddenly darkened. "The main issue is that I did something that wronged him. I'm haunted by guilt and afraid he'll take me back and severely punish me." "If you were so scared, why did you betray him? He treated you well and taught you carefully, didn't he?" Bonnie's eyes flashed with confusion.
This was a question she found puzzling and hard to comprehend. She prided herself on treating Falcon fairly and teaching him as much as Collin did. Yet, despite all this, Falcon had betrayed her. When she first learned of the betrayal, she was shocked. She had considered the possibility of someone within the organization stealing the chip but never expected it to be Falcon.
"It's a long story," Falcon sighed and then began recounting everything that happened before and after he joined the Nidhogg Organization. He also shared his dissatisfaction with how Collin managed the organization and how he felt their leader was unfair.
Bonnie listened carefully, finally understanding Falcon's true feelings. "So, you felt that your leader favored someone else, and no matter how much effort you put in, it went unnoticed. That's why you stole the chip and turned to Mr. Billy for a better future, right?"
Falcon didn't deny it. He nodded in acknowledgment. "Yes, I felt I deserved a broader horizon and a brighter future rather than being treated like a nobody, bossed around by Collin."
These words reflected Falcon's most profound thoughts. He believed that if their leader had groomed him for a managerial role, he wouldn't have done what he did.
###Chapter 1319
Ironically, Falcon was ignored and overlooked after their leader trained him. Falcon didn't want to end up like this, but his leader's disregard forced him into his current situation.
Bonnie listened, momentarily unsure of how to react. Before Falcon betrayed her, she considered Collin and Falcon her most reliable subordinates.
Bonnie hadn't handed the organization over to Falcon because she knew he was too ambitious. Over the years, she had kept his ambitions in check, and Falcon never dared to show his true colors.
Her focus was primarily on research, so she had no energy to manage the organization. After much consideration, she decided to entrust the management to Collin to prevent Falcon from running unchecked and potentially leading the organization down a harmful path.
What she hadn't anticipated was the profound impact this decision had on Falcon. Regrettably, such a promising talent ended up in a situation where they now faced each other as enemies because of one wrong decision.
Bonnie sighed almost imperceptibly, her eyes reflecting a hint of regret. However, regardless of the regret, what was done was done.
She stood by her principles: no matter how much Falcon expressed his remorse, she would adhere to the rules and show no leniency. The mistake was his, and he must bear the consequences. Falcon forced a bitter smile when he saw Bonnie's silence. "Barrett, why aren't you saying anything? Do you think I'm selfish? My leader treated me well, and yet I betrayed him."
Bonnie gathered her thoughts and reassuringly patted Falcon's shoulder. "No, I don't think you're selfish. Maybe it's just that our paths diverged."
Although she had cursed Falcon countless times in her heart, she maintained her fa?ade as Barrett.
"Really? Do you truly think that?" Falcon's eyes lit up, feeling he had found a kindred spirit. He had expected Barrett to scold him for his selfishness and then try to persuade him otherwise. But to his surprise, Barrett understood his thoughts.
He felt an innate connection with Barrett, as if they were destined to be great friends.
"Yes, that's what I think. I've always believed you were a good person. You just shared so much with me, and I understand your position. You just wanted to be valued by your mentor, right?"
Bonnie spoke, her finely arched eyebrows twitching slightly. Although speaking insincerely to empathize with a traitor was deeply uncomfortable, it was necessary for her role. She reassured herself that this charade would end soon once the chip was retrieved.
"Yes! I just wanted his recognition. If he wasn't going to value me, why wouldn't I turn to Mr. Billy?" Falcon grew more animated as he spoke. "Barrett, you truly understand me!"
###Chapter 1320
Bonnie's mouth twitched involuntarily, and even her eyes began to follow suit.
'I had made a casual remark, and Falcon believed it? He sure knows how to brainwash himself.'
Falcon didn't notice Bonnie's reaction and continued speaking enthusiastically. "Barrett, you are my best brother from now on! No matter what happens, you can come to me, and I'll do my best to help you!"
Trying to keep her composure, Bonnie forced a weak smile. "You've said that several times since we returned from the cave. Aren't you tired?"
"Hehe " Falcon scratched the back of his head and chuckled. "It's just that it's my first time meeting a brother who gets me so well. I can't help but feel excited."
Bonnie forced a smile, then pretended to yawn tiredly. "Alright, let's call it a day. I'm a bit tired and want to sleep."
She mainly wanted to stop listening to Falcon's constant chatter, which gave her a headache.
"Oh, right! I almost forgot, you've had a long day and got hurt too." Falcon slapped his forehead and stood up from the chair. "You rest well. I should go find Mr. Billy and discuss the chip matters." Bonnie's yawn instantly halted upon hearing this. She smiled at Falcon and said, "Sure, if there's any news, let me know immediately. How you described the chip sounds amazing, and I'm eager to see its secrets."
"No problem. You rest now. I'll bring back good news soon." Falcon waved his hand and left her room.
Bonnie's lips curved into a barely noticeable smile while watching him leave. Soon, she would have her chip back!
Falcon arrived at Mr. Billy's room and knocked on the door. "Knock, knock, knock-"
"Mr. Billy, are you in there?"
Billy's voice quickly responded from inside, "Yes."
Falcon pushed the door open and got straight to the point. "Mr. Billy, once Barrett's arm heals, let's have him help me with the chip."
Billy looked up at him and teased in a rare moment of humor, "What's this? No more suspicion? No more testing?"
Falcon's face showed a trace of embarrassment. "Mr. Billy, it was all a misunderstanding. From the moment Barrett risked his life to save us, I knew he was someone reliable."
"Barrett does have good character." Billy paused, then looked seriously at Falcon and asked, "But let me ask you again, are you sure you want him to handle the chip right after he recovers? No more tests? What if "
Before he could finish, Falcon interrupted with a firm voice, "Mr. Billy, I've made up my mind. I trust Barrett."
"Alright then. After all, this chip was brought here by your efforts from the Nidhogg Organization, so you should decide what to do with it."
"Thank you, Mr. Billy!" Falcon calculated the time in his mind.
###Chapter 1321
Barrett's arm would heal within a week after applying the ointment. Once everything was ready, Falcon planned to crack the chip with Barrett, with the timing perfectly arranged. "No need to thank me. I hope you and Barrett can crack the chip soon and fulfill my dream of uniting all major international organizations!" Billy's eyes were filled with blatant ambition. Falcon nodded, "Yes, Mr. Billy. Barrett and I will do our best."
"Rest assured, you and Barrett will be the greatest contributors once the chip is cracked. I will certainly reward you both generously!" Mr. Billy said while patting Falcon's shoulder gently. "I will not only reward you but also give you everything you desire, including power and wealth..."
Falcon bowed respectfully, "Of course, I believe in your words, Mr. Billy. If I didn't, I wouldn't have come to you in the first place."
"Hmm..." Mr. Billy responded nonchalantly and waved him off. "It's late. Go rest."
"Yes," Falcon replied and left quickly.
Bonnie's wound healed in just three days. Falcon was amazed as he looked at the faint scar on her arm. "I remember your injury was quite serious. How did it heal so quickly? Even with the amazing ointment I gave you, it shouldn't have healed this fast."
Bonnie lied smoothly, "Maybe my healing ability is strong, or my body absorbs the ointment well, so it healed quickly."
When she treated her wound in private, Falcon wasn't there, and he never asked the doctor about the severity of her injury. He had only judged based on the amount of blood he saw. Her injury had always been minor, and two or three days of recovery was more than enough.
"That makes some sense," Falcon said, not overthinking Bonnie's explanation. "Looks like we need to prioritize cracking the chip."
"How about tomorrow?" Bonnie suggested.
"Huh?" Falcon was taken aback. "Tomorrow? Isn't that too soon?"
Bonnie feigned concern for both Falcon and Mr. Billy. "Is it too soon? I don't think so. Think about it. The Nidhoggs are still watching us closely.
"If we don't crack the chip quickly, there's a risk of it being taken back. If that happens, all our efforts will be in vain. We should crack the chip as soon as possible to avoid complications."
The more Falcon thought about it, the more he agreed with Bonnie. "You're right. I'll talk to Mr. Billy and try to move the timeline to tomorrow."
Bonnie pretended not to understand, "Didn't you say you could decide about the chip on your own? Why ask Mr. Billy?"
"True, but when you're under someone's roof, you must obey their rules. This is Mr. Billy's organization. I need his approval regardless of my decision-making power," Falcon said, having understood these dynamics well.
Bonnie, appearing sympathetic, said, "I see your point. Ask him if we can start cracking the chip tomorrow. That would be great. If not, no worries."
"Okay," Falcon replied and quickly went to see Mr. Billy. When he returned, he brought good news to Bonnie.
"Barrett, Mr. Billy agreed! We can start cracking the chip tomorrow!"
###Chapter 1322
"Really? That's great," Bonnie exclaimed, realizing she had sounded overly excited. She added, "I finally get to see the chip you and Mr. Billy often mention!"
"Hahaha," Falcon chuckled happily. "I'm looking forward to it too. Together, we'll crack the chip."
"With our understanding of each other, we can do it!" Bonnie affirmed with a nod.
Falcon agreed and nodded in approval. "Exactly, that's why we're so in sync. Our thoughts are practically identical!"
"Yes, we do have great understanding," Bonnie echoed, playing along with whatever Falcon said, all to secure the chip as quickly as possible. After all, getting Falcon to trust her was crucial for the next steps of her plan.
"Then it's settled!" Falcon stood up from his chair. "We'll start cracking the chip tomorrow. You rest in your room, and I'll handle the arrangements."
"Alright," Bonnie responded. As Falcon was about to leave, she suddenly stopped him. "But isn't cracking the chip just a matter of using a computer? What else do you need to prepare?"
Falcon glanced around cautiously to ensure no one was eavesdropping, then lowered his voice, "You're my closest ally now, and I don't mind telling you... I've hidden the chip in a discreet place. Even Mr. Billy doesn't know about it! So, I meant that preparation means retrieving the chip from that place."
A faint hint of darkness flashed in Bonnie's eyes upon hearing this. She hadn't expected Falcon to be so cunning, secretly hiding the chip in a place unknown to anyone. She might not have learned about the chip if she hadn't gained Falcon's trust and instead tried to force her way in.
"Do you want me to accompany you? More people mean better security," Bonnie suggested, rising from her chair.
However, Falcon declined and mysteriously said, "No need. I can handle it myself. Besides, that place isn't suitable for you."
"What place?" Falcon's response piqued Bonnie's curiosity.
Falcon hadn't anticipated Bonnie's continued curiosity and hesitated for a moment. "Are you sure you want to know?"
"Yeah..." Bonnie didn't quite understand Falcon's hesitation. She had asked because she wanted to know. What else could there be to hesitate about?
"Alright... since you want to know, I'll tell you," Falcon leaned closer and whispered the location into Bonnie's ear.
After hearing it, Bonnie's pupils slightly contracted, clearly taken aback. Falcon had hidden the chip in a place where men often went to relax and unwind! No wonder he had said even Mr. Billy didn't know about it. Who would have thought he'd stash such a crucial chip in such an unexpected place? Falcon chuckled at Bonnie's shocked expression. "I told you it's not suitable for you to go. With your delicate appearance, you'd easily be seen as prey." "Cough, cough," Bonnie coughed heavily a few times. "Then go by yourself. I won't come. Hurry up and come back safely."
"I'll do that," Falcon nodded, turning away from Bonnie. "You stay here and prepare. I'll come to find you as soon as I retrieve the chip." "Got it. Go ahead," Bonnie waved him off.
###Chapter 1323
Bonnie had just finished dinner when there was a knock on her door.
"Knock, knock, knock-"
The sound brought a smile to Bonnie's face. It seemed Falcon had returned with the chip. It was perfect timing since she had rested enough and could now check if her chip was still intact.
Bonnie collected her thoughts, stood up, and opened the door.
However, it was Mr. Billy who stood before her instead of Falcon.
She was momentarily stunned but quickly smiled at Mr. Billy and asked, "Mr. Billy, what brings you here? Do you need something from me?"
Mr. Billy scanned her room and asked, "Where's Falcon? Isn't he here with you?"
Bonnie furrowed her brows lightly, a hint of confusion passing through her eyes.
'Hmm? Why did Mr. Billy come looking for Falcon here? Did Falcon not inform Mr. Billy about going to retrieve the chip?'
'But it is strange. Someone as cautious as Mr. Billy won't likely allow Falcon to take the chip out and hide it. Could it be that the chip Falcon left with Mr. Billy's organization was a decoy, and he had hidden the real chip elsewhere?'
Although Bonnie thought this, she didn't voice it. She looked at Mr. Billy calmly and replied, "No, Mr. Billy. Is there something important you need to discuss with Falcon?"
"It's nothing important," Mr. Billy glanced into Bonnie's room again. "Since he's not here in your room, forget it. I'll go back first. You rest well."
Mr. Billy quickly left. As Bonnie closed the door after him, there was another knock on her door.
'Could it be Mr. Billy again, looking for Falcon?'
'What could be so urgent that Mr. Billy personally came here repeatedly?'
Thinking this, Bonnie collected herself and walked over to open the door.
When she saw Falcon standing outside, she was suddenly taken aback. "Why is it you?" she exclaimed.
Falcon looked even more puzzled. "Who else could it be?"
As he spoke, he gestured for Bonnie to step inside.
"It's not convenient to talk here. Let's discuss inside."
Bonnie furrowed her brows lightly, wondering why Falcon had acted so strangely these past two days.
But she didn't say much. She stepped aside to let Falcon in. After ensuring no one was around, she locked the door.
Bonnie teased Falcon while walking over, "What's going on with you? Why do you look so sneaky when you come to see me these past few days? Anyone who doesn't know might think we have some illicit relationship."
"What illicit relationship could we possibly have?" Falcon wondered why Bonnie's mind would go there.
After saying that, he instinctively glanced towards the door.
"Did you lock the door?" he asked.
"Yes, I did," Bonnie confirmed, then fell silent, curious about what Falcon intended to do next.
Upon hearing this, Falcon took something out of his pocket and handed it to Bonnie.
"Here, since you've been eager to see what the chip Mr. Billy and I talked about looks like, here it is."
###Chapter 1324
Bonnie followed Falcon's gaze.
After seeing the chip lying intact in its dedicated box, she breathed a sigh of relief.
'Great, the chip is still safely preserved in the box without damage.'
She had been worried that Falcon's escape might have caused the chip to wear out due to carelessness, but it seemed not.
Thinking of this, Bonnie collected her thoughts and casually chatted with him as usual as they conversed.
"Is this tiny chip really that miraculous?" she asked.
Falcon nodded. "Don't underestimate this chip. The technology it contains is something that top big shots pursue throughout their lives and may never obtain. Otherwise, why would Mr. Billy and I be so cautious, testing you back and forth? This chip is too important, forcing us to act that way."
"Wow, that's impressive," Bonnie feigned surprise. "Once the chip is decrypted, I want to look at it."
"Sure, but fully decrypting the chip might take some time. After all, the last two layers of passwords were designed by my mentor, so fully cracking them is quite challenging," Falcon said while casting a trusting look toward Bonnie.
"During this time, I haven't been idle. I've been thinking of ways to crack the chip, but no matter how much I think about it, I haven't found a breakthrough. So, I'm leaving the remaining two passwords to you." Bonnie smiled helplessly. "Didn't you say? Your master designed these last two passwords. You're entrusting such an important task to me. You think highly of me."
"Haha," Falcon laughed along. "Doesn't this also show that you're quite capable? Otherwise, why would Mr. Billy and I entrust such an important task to you?"
Bonnie chuckled first, then suddenly remembered something, looked at Falcon, and said, "By the way, when you left just now, Mr. Billy suddenly came to my room looking for you. I told him you weren't here, and he left. I wonder if there was something important he wanted to discuss with you."
"Maybe he was asking about the chip," Falcon's eyes flickered with a hint of panic. "To be honest, the chip I left inside Mr. Billy's organization is fake. However, I used my network skills to simulate the approximate structure of the chip. So far, no one in their organization has discovered that the chip is fake."
Upon hearing this, a faint dark glint flashed in Bonnie's eyes.
As she had guessed, the chip Falcon left inside Mr. Billy's organization was fake.
'But why did he do this? Is he afraid Mr. Billy will find out and no longer trust him?'
"To be able to simulate the approximate structure of the chip without being discovered by the technical staff in Mr. Billy's organization shows that you still have some skills. I'm just curious. Why did you do this? Aren't you afraid Mr. Billy will find out? Won't he cut ties with you after this?" Bonnie asked.
"No," Falcon gave Bonnie a substantial answer. "I need protection, and Mr. Billy needs the technology inside the chip. I've also been involved in researching the chip. To their organization, I'm the person who knows the most about the chip besides my mentor!
"He's still waiting for me to cooperate with you to crack the chip and help him dominate international organizations. How could he just cut ties with me? Moreover, my actions are justifiable. I believe he will understand after knowing."
Bonnie was about to speak when a cold voice suddenly sounded from the doorway.
"I'd like to hear exactly why you dared to use a fake chip to fool me!"
Upon hearing this voice, Falcon's face suddenly changed drastically. "Mr. Billy..."
His voice trembled with fear, showing how afraid he was.
He wouldn't be so afraid of Mr. Billy under normal circumstances.
But now that he had done something wrong and was caught red-handed by Mr. Billy, he was naturally a bit scared.
###Chapter 1325
Bonnie's eyebrows raised slightly in amusement when she looked at Billy standing at the doorway.
Come to think of it, didn't she lock the door? How did Billy manage to come in?
But then again, this was Billy's territory after all. He would have ways to unlock a locked door, which wasn't all that surprising.
Billy looked at Falcon, who was shrinking in fear, his face suddenly darkening further before he sneered.
"Speak! Tell me the reason! Falcon, just because I value you doesn't mean you can deceive me so recklessly! Let me tell you, I detest deception the most. Even if it benefits you, deceiving me will not end well for you!"
Falcon could not help but tremble and then swallow hard before explaining, "Mr. Billy, the reason I did not place the real chip in your organization is because the value of this chip is too high. It would inevitably attract people with evil intentions. For safety's sake, I took it upon myself to move the chip elsewhere."
At this, he lowered his head with an apologetic tone. "Mr. Billy, what I did was wrong, but I did it for our interests. I hope you can understand me."
Billy had known for a long time that Falcon had replaced the actual chip. However, knowing that Falcon alone could not find a way to crack it, he had let him do as he wished.
This time, he deliberately intruded into Barrett's room to question Falcon about this matter, not to interrogate him, but to use this incident to intimidate Falcon into behaving better and not doing such double- dealing things in the future.
With this thought in mind, Billy's expression softened a bit.
"I can reluctantly accept your excuse, but this is the only time. If there's a next time, I won't forgive you just because you say a few light words!"
Falcon vigorously nodded, his expression full of gratitude. "Thank you, thank you for understanding, Mr. Billy!"
"Hmm," Billy replied indifferently. "Where is the real chip?"
Falcon took the chip from Bonnie's hand, held it in his palm, and handed it to Billy.
"Here it is, Billy."
After taking the chip, Billy's sharp gaze coldly swept over Bonnie and Falcon.
"Now that the chip has been retrieved, you two will start decrypting it today! Try to decrypt the chip as quickly as possible. Our main headquarters has already been exposed, and the Nidhogg Organization must have sent many people searching for our whereabouts. We have little time left. We must accelerate the pace of decrypting the chip! Only by decrypting the chip and extracting the technology inside can we have enough confidence and capital to confront the people of the Nidhogg Organization!"
Bonnie and Falcon nodded simultaneously upon hearing this.
"Understood, Mr. Billy."
"Let's go." Billy stepped out of the room and turned inside, with Bonnie and Falcon following closely behind.
While they were not paying attention, Bonnie calmly took out her phone and sent a message to Collin: "The chip decryption has begun. Prepare for action!"
###Chapter 1326
Collin, who was preparing to rest in the hotel, saw this message and was so excited that he jumped up from the bed. 'Finally!'
Bonnie had been lurking in Billy's organization for so long and finally made real contact with the chip. It was great news.
In his joy, Collin immediately notified his subordinates to gather and prepare for action. Then, he called Ivor to tell him the news..
When Ivor heard the news, a hint of surprise flashed in his eyes. However, he didn't show it and responded in a calm tone, "Alright, I'll gather the manpower. But doesn't it take time for your leader to decrypt the chip? Are we going over there too soon?"
"This chip was developed under our leader. If he wants to crack it, it's just a matter of time. And even if he didn't lead its development, cracking the chip shouldn't be a problem with his abilities. In fact, I'm worried we're going over too late," Collin said confidently.
"Yeah, understood. I'll gather the manpower," Ivor said, then hung up.
"Floyd."
Floyd quickly walked in from outside. "Mr. Ivor, what are your orders?"
Ivor instructed in a subdued voice, "Gather the team and prepare to coordinate with the Nidhogg Organization."
Floyd was momentarily stunned, surprise evident in his eyes.
"Mr. Boyd just gained Falcon's trust, right? They're already able to access the chip so quickly?"
Initially, they had no idea what operation the Nidhogg Organization had carried out. It wasn't until Yasmine returned and told them that they found out about this matter.
'But only two or three days had passed since then, and they already agreed to let Boyd access the chip. I have to admit that Boyd is quite skilled.'
"According to the information Boyd had revealed previously, Billy has valued him from the beginning. So all he needed to do was handle Falcon, and he successfully gained access to the chip."
A barely noticeable glint of admiration flickered in Ivor's eyes as he added, "Boyd seems even more capable than I had imagined."
As a leader, Billy was naturally suspicious. If it were anyone else, it would be almost impossible to achieve this.
"Yeah, I didn't expect him to be even more impressive. He constantly exceeds my expectations." Floyd sincerely admired Boyd's strength.
"Well, choosing to partner with them was the right decision. Perhaps in the future, we might need their help in other matters," Ivor said while standing up from his chair, "Gather the team and meet up with Collin."
"Yes," Floyd responded. Then he asked, "Mr. Ivor, shouldn't we inform Miss Yasmine about this?"
"Why should we?" Ivor glanced at Floyd indifferently. "The matter of her being punished and confined hasn't ended yet. Bringing her out now would only cause more trouble."
Seeing that Ivor had already made up his mind, Floyd didn't dare to say more.
"Alright Mr. Ivor, I'll arrange it."
"Hmm." Ivor waved his hand. "Once everything is arranged, come find me."
"Yes," Floyd acknowledged and he quickly went downstairs to make arrangements.
An hour later, all personnel were assembled.
Floyd immediately came to report, "Mr. Ivor, everything is arranged."
"Hmm," Ivor responded lightly and grabbed his equipment before following Floyd out.
Yasmine, leaning against the upstairs window, watched as a large group of organization personnel gathered. She looked puzzled.
###Chapter 1327
'Why did he suddenly gather so many people? Could it be for something big?' Yasmine thought of this and suddenly had a flash of insight that startled her.
'The reason Ivor stayed is to coordinate with Mr. Boyd's operation and obtain their chip. Now he has gathered all the people in the organization. Does this mean that the Nidhoggs are about to take action?' The more Yasmine considered it, the more she believed it was a real possibility.
'But why didn't he let someone inform me if they were taking action? At least if I went, I could help them!
'And he knew how important my savior was to me. Why didn't they call me in this final operation?
A surge of anger brewed in Yasmine's chest as if flames were burning fiercely within.
'No! At this critical moment, I cannot just sit around. I have to find my savior.'
'This is the final operation. Perhaps after this, my savior will return to where he came from, and I'll never see him again!'
Yasmine became so anxious that she kept pacing back and forth.
'Someone is guarding outside my door. The only way out for me is jumping out of the window!'
Yasmine did just that. She closed the curtains and slowly slid down from the window above.
When she reached the ground, she saw Ivor giving instructions while still not leaving. Taking advantage of this, she opened the car door and slipped into the back seat. About two to three minutes later, voices could be heard outside the car.
"Mr. Ivor, Collin said to meet at the ferry crossing. We can go to him. When we get there, he will arrange the rest."
"Mm," Ivor responded. He opened the car door and came face to face with Yasmine, hiding in the back seat.
Yasmine chuckled awkwardly, trying to hide her face.
But the car was only so big, and there was nowhere for her to hide.
Floyd, sitting in the driver's seat preparing to drive, saw Ivor standing still and asked, "Mr. Ivor, what's wrong? Why aren't you getting in the car?"
He leaned forward as he spoke and saw Yasmine in the back seat, his eyes filled with shock.
"Miss Yasmine? What are you doing here?"
'Didn't Mr. Ivor order Miss Yasmine to be confined inside? And they hadn't informed Miss Yasmine about the operation. How did she come here?' "Uh... hi..." Yasmine laughed awkwardly.
Floyd didn't know what to say and cautiously glanced towards Ivor.
Ivor's expression remained calm. His demeanor was inscrutable, making it difficult to discern his emotions.
###Chapter 1328
Yasmine swallowed hard. Even her voice was dry when she spoke.
"B-Boss, please let me go with you. I promise I won't cause any trouble."
"Did you forget? You're still in confinement," Ivor's voice was cold, and his eyes emitted a chilling light. "Didn't I say you couldn't leave without my permission?"
'I had been too lenient with Yasmine. In the past, even though she often didn't follow orders and acted impulsively, she always completed any punishment I gave her.
'However, this is the second time Yasmine disobeyed my orders! This had already crossed my limit. If I didn't impose a severe punishment, who knew what she might do in the future?'
"I-I know... I know, Boss," Yasmine saw that Ivor was genuinely angry, and tears started streaming from her eyes. "I-I didn't mean to disobey your orders. I-It's just that I really want to see my savior!" Ivor's expression remained unreadable. "How did you know we were going to see him?"
"I-I guessed," Yasmine sniffed. "Our organization stayed here to cooperate with their operation, right? And now that you're mobilizing so many people, it must be because my savior has accessed the chip, and you're going to support their operation."
"Heh—" Ivor let out a cold laugh. "You're quite smart."
Yasmine didn't take this as a compliment. Instead, she sensed a certain level of sarcasm.
"I-I thought that once he successfully obtained the chip, he would never come back here. I just wanted to see him one last time."
Yasmine's tears flowed even more freely as she spoke. "I just wanted to see him one last time, which is why I jumped out of the window in such a hurry. O-Otherwise, I wouldn't have had the courage to disobey your orders."
Her words were somewhat incoherent, and her tears continued to fall, showing just how much she wanted to see her savior one last time.
Ivor's temples throbbed after hearing Yasmine's explanation. "You think you're smart, but you're just a pighead!"
Yasmine had never seen Ivor lose his temper like this before and instinctively shrank back.
Upon seeing Yasmine's frightened expression, Ivor realized his tone had been too harsh.
After a moment of reflection, he spoke again, "You said it yourself. Our organization is here to cooperate with the Nidhoggs and get their chip. So, during the process of lending us the chip, don't you think Mr. Boyd will be present?
"If he'll be there, do you really need to go to Billy's organization to see him?"
He thought Yasmine was obsessed. Ever since Bonnie saved her, her entire mindset revolved around him.
Yasmine stood there, stunned. "I guess... that makes sense..."
She got too excited, thinking this was her last chance to see her savior. When she saw Ivor leave with the people, and she didn't think it through before jumping out.
But even if her savior obtained the chip, he would stay to handle some affairs and wouldn't leave immediately.
###Chapter 1329
'What was I thinking? My mind just couldn't wrap around it!'
Yasmine was on the verge of tears from her stupidity. She took a deep breath, then summoned the courage to look up at Ivor. "Boss, I'll go back now."
Ivor looked at Yasmine's cautious expression and darting eyes, then rubbed his temples in frustration.
"Fine. Since you're already here, you can come with us. Just don't cause any trouble."
Seeing that their boss wasn't mad at her, Yasmine felt immense relief and joy, almost ready to jump with excitement.
"Thank you, boss! You're the best! I promise I won't cause any trouble!"
"Keep quiet." Ivor shot her a sharp glance, then turned to Floyd. "Drive."
"Yes, Boss," Floyd responded and drove away.
Meanwhile, Falcon and Bonnie had already reached the most secretive part of Billy's organization to begin the chip decryption process. There were numerous high-end computers, showing that Billy had invested heavily in this task.
Falcon looked at the laptop screen to see the same data as before and scratched the back of his head in frustration.
"I barely managed to crack the first two layers of encryption before, but I can't figure out the last two. If I try again, the result will be the same."
Feeling stumped, Falcon turned to Bonnie, and his eyes suddenly lit up.
"Barrett, do you have any ideas or insights from looking at this chip's data? Do you think you can crack it?"
Bonnie rubbed his chin thoughtfully, putting on a hesitant expression.
"I can see a bit of a pattern in the data fluctuations, but I'm not sure if I can crack it. I'll have to try to find out."
Falcon's eyes brightened even more when he heard this.
"You can see a pattern in the data fluctuations? Really?"
This was a common method used by their organization to crack chips by identifying data fluctuation patterns. Although this method existed, only a handful of people could actually use it effectively. It was impressive that Barrett could see the data fluctuations with the n*** eye!
Bonnie feigned modesty. "Just a bit, not a lot."
Falcon didn't say anything more and quickly made room for Bonnie.
"This computer has the highest configuration. Try it and see if you can crack the chip!"
"Alright," Bonnie replied and she sat down, starting to work on the decryption.
Falcon watched Bonnie's fingers fly across the keyboard, his initial calmness giving way to surprise and then outright amazement.
"It's changing! Barrett, the data on the screen is actually changing! My God, how are you doing this? I've spent so much time on this and never managed it!"
###Chapter 1330
Billy, waiting outside the door, rushed in upon hearing Falcon's excited voice. "What happened? Did Barrett successfully crack the chip?"
"Not quite cracked yet, but it shouldn't be far off," Falcon replied with a tone filled with excitement. "Barrett's skills are incredible! I've been working on this for so long without any success, and he figured it out almost instantly."
Billy lightly stroked his chin, his expression showing clear satisfaction. "It seems Barrett is even more impressive than I imagined."
"Indeed," Falcon said while glancing in Bonnie's direction, unable to suppress his admiration. "I used to think I was among the best in this field, but now I realize there are always better people out there." Billy raised his chin proudly, a gleam of pride in his eyes. "Isn't it because I have a keen eye? Where else would you find a network genius like Barrett?"
Falcon quickly agreed, "Yes, Bill. Your judgment is impeccable."
As they talked, they suddenly noticed Bonnie's rapid typing had stopped. Billy frowned, and Falcon was the first to ask, "Barrett, what's wrong? Why did you stop? Did you find something wrong?" Bonnie pursed his lips before replying, "There's nothing wrong; it's just that you and Billy are talking, which is a bit distracting."
Falcon was momentarily speechless and then glanced cautiously at Billy. Although Billy valued Barrett, was it too bold for Barrett to claim he was being distracted? After all, Billy was still a respected leader with some authority.
A mysterious emotion flickered in Billy's eyes. He then looked up and said to Bonnie in a deep voice, "Are we distracting you? Fine, we won't talk then."
Normally, he wouldn't tolerate Barrett being so bold in front of him, but the chip decryption was more important now.
Bonnie rubbed his temples, paused, and said, "Could you both temporarily leave the room? When I focus intensely, I don't like anyone around. It not only distracts me but also disrupts my thinking."
Billy's face grew even darker, his gaze like a venomous snake's. While Bonnie was saying this, Falcon had constantly been signaling her with his eyes, but she seemed oblivious, making even bold requests that could anger Billy.
Seeing Billy's intense, almost predatory look, Falcon quickly stepped forward. "Uh... Billy, decrypting the chip is a very complex process. It takes a lot of mental effort, and having someone nearby can be distracting, even if they don't speak or move.
"How about we step outside for a bit? Once Barrett cracks the chip, we can come back in."
Billy coldly glanced at Falcon when he heard this. "If we leave, and anything happens to the chip while we're gone, you'll be held responsible!"
Falcon thought having such a burden placed on him was too much, but...
###Chapter 1331
Falcon looked at Bonnie, recalling the time she got injured to save him and the times they had a great conversation. Bonnie had put her life on the line for him and trusted him completely, treating him like a
close brother.
'If I couldn't even stand up for him now, wouldn't that be disgraceful?'
Falcon made a firm decision. He took a deep breath and looked at Billy with a forced smile. "Billy, what you said is a bit too severe. Anyone else, sure, but Bonnie almost gave his life to save us... If you don't trust her now because of the chip, isn't that a bit..."
He left the sentence unfinished, but the implication was clear.
Billy glanced at Falcon, then at Bonnie, and finally settled his gaze back on Falcon. "Alright, I'll trust you on this. But if anything goes wrong, you're the first person I'll come after!"
Bonnie stepped forward to "help" Falcon. "Billy, don't pressure Falcon. I can take responsibility for myself. If anything happens to the chip while I'm decrypting it, I'll take full responsibility." Falcon didn't expect Bonnie to stand up for him, and he felt deeply touched.
"Are you sure?" Billy narrowed his eyes and stared straight into Bonnie's eyes as if trying to see through her. But after a while, he could only see her clear and unwavering confidence. "I'm sure!" Bonnie responded with a firm lift of her chin.
No matter Billy's doubts about her, she just needed to say what he wanted to hear and get past this moment. If Billy wanted her to be accountable, it would have to be within the confines of the Nidhogg Organization anyway.
"Fine! I'll trust you this time," Billy agreed reluctantly.
The chip was extremely important to him; it was crucial for his plan to unify the major international organizations. As they got closer to cracking it, he felt increasingly anxious. He had wanted to stay and watch the decryption process himself.
This made him a bit displeased, but despite his annoyance, he had to go along with what Bonnie said. She was the one decrypting the chip, and if he didn't cooperate and she decided to quit, where would he find someone as skilled as her?
Upon seeing this, Bonnie gave Billy a reassuring look and said, "Billy, you've known me long enough to understand my character. Besides, you'll be right outside. I can't exactly sprout wings and fly away, can 1?"
Billy realized she had a point. He pinched his brow lightly before speaking, "You're right, I might have overreacted. You all know how important this chip is to me. With decryption so close, I'm just overly tense. I apologize."
###Chapter 1332
Bonnie feigned an understanding look. "It's okay, Mr. Billy. I understand."
"Mm," Billy responded faintly, then turned to Falcon. "Let's go outside."
"Yes, Mr. Billy," Falcon replied, then looked at Bonnie. "Barrett, you got this. I believe you can crack the chip."
"I will," Bonnie replied while waving at Billy and Falcon. "Mr. Billy, Falcon, wait outside. I'll let you know as soon as I've cracked the chip."
"Mm," Billy nodded. He then left with Falcon.
Billy looked at Falcon with a stern face while they were outside. "Falcon, your trust in Barrett is a bit excessive. Aren't you afraid that he might use your trust against us?"
"He won't," Falcon said confidently. "Barrett almost sacrificed his life for us. How could someone like that have any bad intentions? If you doubt him now, it will only break his heart.
"Besides, you said it yourself-he's a rare talent. If we don't treat him well, it might be too late when he shows his true potential."
Billy seemed convinced by Falcon's reasoning. After some contemplation, he pressed his fingers against his temple. "Though you make a valid point, I still have an uneasy feeling. I hope Barrett doesn't mess up."
"Ah, so you were worried, Mr. Billy? That's why you kept questioning him," Falcon nodded in understanding. Previously, he had wondered why Billy, who usually trusted Barrett, was suddenly so skeptical. "Yes, it's just for peace of mind," Billy sighed almost imperceptibly. "I just hope everything goes smoothly. We've worked so hard for this moment. If Barrett fails us, I can't imagine how furious I'd be." Falcon patted Billy's shoulder reassuringly. "Mr. Billy, even if others might have issues, Barrett won't. I trust him completely."
He then patted his chest confidently. "And I can assure you, if Barrett makes a mistake, I'll bear the responsibility with him." Billy glanced at him indifferently. "Alright, enough. I have my own judgment about Barrett's character."
"Understood, Mr. Billy."
As Billy and Falcon conversed, Bonnie had already easily cracked the third password and moved on to the fourth in the room.
Although the fourth password was more complex, it was still a piece of cake for her. Her fingers danced over the keyboard at lightning speed, almost creating a blur.
After five or six minutes, a sharp "beep" sounded from the laptop. The screen displayed "Password Cracked Successfully."
Then, the chip's auto-protection mechanism activated, emitting beeping sounds.
###Chapter 1333
Billy's voice suddenly echoed from the outside. "Falcon, did you hear that? It sounded like a beeping noise from inside. Could it be that Barrett has successfully cracked the chip?" Falcon dismissed Billy's suggestion without hesitation. "Mr. Billy, even if Barrett is incredibly skilled, it's impossible to crack the chip in such a short time.
"Plus, he would have informed us if he had succeeded. There's no significant movement inside, which means he hasn't succeeded yet. Let's keep waiting."
Billy frowned, casting a doubtful glance towards the door. "Are you sure you didn't hear any beeping sound?"
"Absolutely nothing," Falcon insisted while pressing his ear against the door to confirm. He said after a moment, "Mr. Billy, come over and listen. There's no sound."
Billy also leaned in to listen, and indeed, no sound came from inside. 'Was it just my imagination?'
Falcon chuckled at Billy's expression, "Mr. Billy, see? I told you it was a mistake. Let's talk about something else while we wait. Barrett will call us in once he's cracked the chip."
"Mm..." Billy responded, though his eyes still held a trace of suspicion.
He felt something was off about Barrett today but couldn't pinpoint what it was.
Upon reflection, he realized his doubts stemmed not from Barrett's character but from the anxious excitement over the chip potentially being cracked.
He needed to adjust his mindset. Otherwise, as Falcon had said, they might lose a valuable asset like Barrett due to unnecessary suspicion.
Bonnie quickly turned off the beeping noise from the chip. Then she hurried to the door to listen to Billy and Falcon's conversation. Upon hearing that Billy had dismissed his doubts about her, Bonnie let out a quiet sigh of relief.
She had been so focused on cracking the chip that she'd forgotten its automatic protection mechanism.
When the chip started beeping, she panicked but quickly regained composure and turned off the sound. Luckily, Billy and Falcon hadn't discovered anything. Otherwise, she would have difficulty explaining.
Bonnie sat on the chair as she decided not to rush outside. Leaving immediately might raise more suspicion from Billy. She needed to wait for the right moment to make her move. Once she had the chip, she wouldn't worry about Billy and Falcon.
After sitting for half an hour, Bonnie finally stood up, walked to the door, and stepped out.
###Chapter 1334
Click.
The sound of the door opening caught the attention of Billy and Falcon, who both looked up.
Billy's face lit up with excitement, his lips trembling uncontrollably when he saw Bonnie standing in the doorway. "Barrett, did you manage to crack the chip?"
Falcon walked over and jubilantly exclaimed, "You cracked such a complex chip in just half an hour! Barrett, calling you a genius doesn't do you justice. You're more like a transcendental genius." "Exactly! You're a transcendental genius!"
Billy echoed Falcon's praise while excitedly extending his hand toward Bonnie. "Barrett, do you have the cracked chip with you? You came out to surprise us, didn't you? Quickly! Hand me the chip so I can immediately extract the technology and fulfill my ambition!"
Upon seeing their excitement, Bonnie's eyes flashed with a barely noticeable cunning.
She deliberately drew out her words and spoke slowly, "The chip..."
Billy stared intently at Bonnie, full of anticipation, waiting anxiously for her to hand over the chip. "Barrett, hurry up and give me the chip!"
His tone was as urgent as his expression, revealing how much he looked forward to getting the chip.
Falcon was equally excited. He added, "Yes, Barrett, give Mr. Billy the chip so he can extract the technology. Although I missed witnessing you crack the chip, I must see the moment the technology is extracted!"
As they grew more excited and intense in their words, Bonnie subtly smirked and then poured cold water on their enthusiasm. "Who said I cracked the chip?"
At this, both Billy and Falcon froze, stunned into silence for several seconds. Billy was the first to recover. His face turned a deep shade of blue, and his tone became icy and severe. "You didn't crack the chip? Then why did you come out?"
Falcon quickly caught on, seeing the fury on Billy's face, and hurried to speak up for Bonnie. "Mr. Billy, Barrett might have encountered difficulty while cracking the chip and came out to consult with me. Don't get upset; let's hear what he has to say first."
As he spoke to Billy, Falcon glanced at Bonnie meaningfully, signaling her to be smart and avoid angering Billy any further.
###Chapter 1335
Billy's expression softened slightly at Falcon's words, but his gaze towards Bonnie remained shadowed with suspicion.
"Since Falcon put it that way, go ahead and explain. What could be so important that you'd leave in the middle of such a critical task?" "Mr. Billy..." Bonnie feigned a hurt expression, "I just stepped out for a moment. There's no need to shout at me like that, is there?"
Billy paused, realizing he might have been too harsh. He softened his tone. "You know how crucial cracking this chip is for us. It's only natural that I'd be upset if you came out without finishing the task. It's not personal. Just go back in and finish cracking the chip."
Upon seeing Billy's tone and demeanor ease, Falcon felt relief for Bonnie. If Barrett had angered Billy, things could have gone badly for him once the chip was cracked. Thankfully, Barrett was quick-witted enough to defend himself.
"I just found the process of cracking the chip difficult and it gave me a terrible headache. I thought stepping out for some fresh air might help." Bonnie rubbed her temples dramatically. "I thought you'd understand, Mr. Billy. I didn't expect such harsh criticism."
Billy opened his mouth to say something, but Bonnie sighed heavily, continuing in a conciliatory tone, "But you're right, Mr. Billy. You're just very invested in the chip, which is why you were so stern. I get it." Billy felt a pang of guilt. His attitude softened even more as he spoke to Bonnie, "Barrett, if you're really not feeling well, you should rest a bit. You can try cracking the chip again once you've recovered." Bonnie's eyes flickered with a subtle, almost imperceptible smile, and she replied with a look of profound gratitude, "Mr. Billy, thank you so much for understanding! You know me, I'd crack that chip in one go if could, but after breaking the first password, my head felt like it was going to explode. I just couldn't keep going."
Billy was about to respond, but Falcon's comforting voice cut in. "It's okay, Barrett. What you've done so far is already impressive. I spent months trying to break the third password and couldn't find a way, but you did it in half an hour. That shows you're much more capable than I am! With the third password cracked, the fourth one should be within reach. It's just a matter of time given your skill."
Billy listened and nodded in agreement. Falcon's words made sense. If Bonnie had cracked the third password, the fourth one was just a matter of time. He needed to be patient and not push Bonnie too hard. "Falcon's right," Billy admitted. "I was too impatient earlier. Barrett, you've already shown incredible skill. If you can't crack the fourth password right now, take a break. Rest up and try again when you're ready.' "Thank you, Mr. Billy," Bonnie expressed her gratitude again. "But for a break... I find it a bit stuffy here. I'd like to go for a walk nearby to get some fresh air. That might help clear my head better."
###Chapter 1336
Billy's recently softened expression darkened once again. "You want to go for a walk in such a critical situation?"
Bonnie feigned innocence, her eyes wide with confusion. "I just want to take a walk nearby to get some fresh air and relieve my brain from the oxygen deprivation. Is that not allowed?"
Billy's brows knitted tightly as he scrutinized Bonnie. "If it were any other time, I'd agree without hesitation. But right now, you think it's appropriate to go for a walk?"
Bonnie tilted her head in apparent confusion. "What's wrong with that?"
Billy's frown deepened.
Falcon stepped in to mediate, "Mr. Billy, working with network technology is incredibly taxing on the brain. Sometimes, mental exhaustion is worse than physical exhaustion. Barrett just cracked the third password, which took a lot of effort. It's understandable that he needs a break. Let him go."
Falcon continued before Billy could respond, "Moreover, pushing too hard during mental work can backfire. I know you're anxious, and so am I, but we need to consider Barrett's condition and not overburden him."
Seizing the moment, Bonnie clutched her head and feigned dizziness. "Mr. Billy... I really can't take it anymore. My head feels like it's about to explode. If you don't let me get some fresh air, I doubt my symptoms will improve."
She massaged her temples and deliberately let the color drain from her face, appearing as though she were on the verge of collapse. She knew this was the only way to convince Billy to let her out. Falcon looked genuinely worried and hurried to support her. "Mr. Billy, look at Barrett! He's in a serious condition. Let him go outside for some fresh air. If he collapses, who will crack the fourth password for us?"
Billy saw the logic in Falcon's words but remained suspicious of Bonnie's timing. He had known Barrett for some time and had never seen him act this way.
'Should I let Barrett go? What if something happened during the walk? Who would be responsible?'
Sensing Billy's hesitation, Bonnie gestured towards the room with the chip. "Mr. Billy, the chip is safe inside. Even if something happens to me outside, it won't affect the chip. You can rest assured."
The chip was indeed in the room, but it was just a shell. The data and technology had already been transferred to her phone. Even if Billy wanted to take the chip, he couldn't access the information. Billy glanced towards the chip and reluctantly agreed, "Alright, for the sake of cracking the fourth password, go take a walk and relieve some stress."
###Chapter 1337
Billy paused in his speech and approached a specific direction behind him. "Mark!"
A muscular, robust man emerged from the shadows and bowed respectfully before Billy. "Mr. Billy, what are your orders?"
Billy tilted his chin, signaling Mark to look at Bonnie. "Go with Barrett for his walk and ensure his safety."
Though he said it was for protection, it was evident that it was more about surveillance.
Falcon quickly spoke up for Bonnie. "Mr. Billy, Barrett has risked his life to save us before. How can you still not trust him? Having someone follow him while he takes a walk will only add to his stress, not relieve it."
Billy turned a cold gaze towards Falcon. "Are you questioning my decision?"
Falcon realized he might have overstepped. He laughed nervously and tried to think of a way to mend the situation.
'Though I wanted to help Barrett, offending Billy would be too costly. But what can I say to fix this?'
As Falcon struggled for a solution, Bonnie's voice suddenly broke the silence. "Falcon, it's alright. Mr. Billy is just looking out for my safety. I don't mind."
She smiled at Billy. "Mr. Billy, it's fine if he accompanies me."
Upon seeing Bonnie's compliance, Billy nodded in satisfaction. "You're sensible and understand I'm doing this for your sake."
He signaled to Mark. "Make sure to protect Barrett well. Nothing must happen to him."
Mark, grasping the underlying message, nodded solemnly. "Yes, Mr. Billy, I will ensure Mr. Barrett's safety."
"Good!" Billy waved them off. "Go on, and come back soon after your walk."
"Thank you, Mr. Billy." Bonnie thanked him and left with Mark.
After they departed, Falcon watched their retreating figures and then turned to Billy, frowning. "Mr. Billy, if I remember correctly, Mark is one of the top martial artists in our organization. Isn't it overkill to send him to protect Barrett?"
"Why would it be overkill?" Billy glanced at Falcon. "The Nidhogg Organization is still searching for us. They could come after us at any time. They know Barrett is with us. What if they capture him and force him to reveal our location and the chip's whereabouts?"
Falcon thought momentarily before responding with conviction, "Mr. Billy, I believe in Barrett's integrity. Even if he were captured, he would withstand any pressure and never betray our location or the chip's whereabouts. Aren't you creating unnecessary friction between us by doubting him?"
###Chapter 1338
Billy looked at Falcon, who was determined to defend Bonnie, and felt speechless. "Falcon, I know you trust Barrett deeply and even consider him like a brother. But this trust needs to be situational. "The chip is crucial for us; it determines our future. Aren't you afraid that after all our efforts, Barrett might betray us?"
"Mr. Billy, how can you say that!" Falcon's emotions ran high, and his voice rose to the extreme. "I trust Barrett's character completely!"
Billy was momentarily at a loss for words. He stared at the agitated Falcon before speaking resignedly. "Forget it. I don't want to argue with you. Barrett is already out. Talking more won't change anything. Let's just wait for him."
"That's true," Falcon agreed, but he emphasized again, "But I still trust Barrett completely! He wouldn't betray us."
"It's too early to say such things," Billy thought. Until Barrett returned, he wouldn't make any rash judgments.
"Mr. Billy" Falcon frowned, wanting to defend Bonnie further, but Billy raised his hand to stop him.
"Enough, no more talking. Just wait quietly."
Although Falcon wanted to speak for Bonnie, Billy's firm stance left him no choice but to comply. "Understood, Mr. Billy."
Meanwhile, Bonnie and Mark were wandering near Billy's organization. Bonnie deliberately led Mark to a more distant and concealed area. At first, Mark didn't notice anything amiss, but the further they went, the more uneasy he felt. \
Finally, he called out to Bonnie. "Mr. Barrett, it's too dangerous ahead. We can't go further."
Bonnie's eyes flickered. She turned back, raised an eyebrow, and looked at Mark leisurely. "Oh? Dangerous? What's dangerous ahead? Explain it to me."
"That area is uncharted by our organization and may have wild animals. It's better not to proceed, Mr. Barrett," Mark explained formally.
From his stance and behavior, Bonnie could tell Mark was well-trained. He wasn't just a member but an essential figure in Billy's organization. Billy wouldn't have sent him to follow her if he were a minor character.
Mark was potentially a challenging opponent. But Bonnie had already devised a plan to deal with him.
She disregarded Mark's warning and quickened her pace forward. "I think the scenery ahead looks great. There can't be any danger, right? I'll just walk a bit further, and then we can head back."
Mark wanted to stop her, but hearing that she would return after enjoying the scenery, he swallowed his words and adopted a different approach. "Alright, but Mr. Barrett, please be cautious. This is the wilderness, and it can be quite dangerous."
"Got it, got it. I wouldn't joke about my safety," Bonnie said, continuing forward.
Upon reaching a sloped area, she scanned the surroundings discreetly, smiled, and pretended to panic. She screamed, "Ahhhh!"
Mark rushed forward and anxiously asked, "Mr. Barrett, what's wrong?"
"A snake, there's a snake!" Bonnie pointed down the slope. Her face was pale, showing genuine fear.
###Chapter 1339
Mark commented when he saw this, "I didn't expect you to be afraid of snakes."
"What's so surprising about that?" Bonnie responded while pretending to be calm. "Everyone has something they're afraid of. For me, it's snakes."
Mark didn't say anything more. "Where did you see the snake? I'll check it out to make sure it doesn't come out again and scare you." Bonnie pointed down the slope. "Right there. It must have slithered into the grass. Look down, you should be able to see it."
Mark, suspecting nothing, bent down to peer into the grass where Bonnie indicated. "Where? I don't see anything."
"Really?" Bonnie said as she quietly took out a silver needle from her waist. "It should be in the grass. Look a bit closer."
"Alright, I'll look again," Mark said, bending even lower.
Still seeing nothing, he started to speak. "Mr. Barrett, there's no-"
Before he could finish, a sharp pain pierced his neck. His body tensed, his eyes widened in shock, and then he slumped over unconscious.
Bonnie looked at the silver needle sticking out of his neck and smirked.
'Haha! Mark might have big muscles, but they are useless. Just as the saying goes, all brawn and no brains!'
She took out her phone and called Collin.
Collin's voice, filled with joy, quickly came through. "Ms. Bonnie, did you succeed?"
"Yes," Bonnie replied calmly. "I've got the chip and successfully left Billy's organization. Bring your men over now and prepare to capture Falcon alive."
"Yes!" Collin's voice held a hint of excitement. "Ms. Bonnie, you promised me that once you punish Falcon, you'll hand him over to me. Does that still stand? I've been eagerly waiting for this day!" Bonnie smiled wryly. "It seems like this has been on your mind a lot lately."
"Of course. Falcon is a traitor, and I need to personally deal with him to ease my anger!" Collin ground his molars, speaking with such intensity that it was clear how much he despised Falcon's betrayal. "Alright, once I'm done with him, he's all yours," Bonnie agreed.
Bonnie understood that while Collin talked about punishing Falcon, he wanted to confront him and ask why he betrayed them.
After all, they had once fought together, trusting each other with their lives. Having a brother turn into an enemy was something that no one could easily accept.
So, she wouldn't stop Collin from confronting Falcon. Anything to help him come to terms with the betrayal.
###Chapter 1340
Bonnie could easily tell Collin the reasons behind Falcon's betrayal of their organization. However, with Collin's straightforward nature, it would be difficult for him to grasp the situation's complexities. It would be more suitable for him to hear the truth directly from Falcon once they captured him.
Upon hearing Bonnie's response, Collin was instantly motivated and enthusiastic. "Okay, Ms. Bonnie! Let's move out and capture Falcon alive!"
"Move out!" Bonnie commanded.
The Nidhoggs immediately followed, advancing like a dark, overwhelming force toward Falcon's organization. The Dark Knights followed at the rear.
Ivor raised his eyes to see the massive group in front of him. "Why are the Nidhoggs moving forward suddenly? Did they successfully meet up with their leader?"
Floyd, who had returned from scouting, explained, "Yes, Mr. Ivor. Mr. Boyd has obtained the chip, successfully left Billy's organization, and reunited with Collin. Our task now is to assist the Nidhoggs in capturing Falcon alive and destroying Billy's stronghold."
Ivor nodded slightly. "Alright, follow their lead."
Yasmine, standing nearby, tiptoed to look ahead. "Where is my savior? I don't see him."
Floyd explained, "Miss Yasmine, Mr. Boyd is probably at the front. There are too many people for you to see him from here."
Upon hearing this, Yasmine's eyes darted thoughtfully and suddenly lit up. "I'll go to the front and find my savior!"
With that, she started to run forward happily. But she had barely taken two steps when Ivor's icy voice called from behind, "Stop."
Yasmine froze, turned around, and smiled sheepishly at Ivor. "Boss, what do you need?"
She knew Ivor was likely stopping her from finding her savior. The thought of knowing her savior was up ahead, but being unable to find him was frustrating and painful.
"Stay behind me, or I'll send you back," Ivor's calm voice held an undeniable chill that left no room for disobedience. It wasn't a request but a directive.
Yasmine shivered involuntarily but still tried to plead her case. "Boss, I just want-"
A sharp glare cut off her words from Ivor. "One more word, and I'll have you sent back immediately."
Allowing her to participate in this mission was already an act of leniency on his part. Now that she was here, she had to follow orders without question. He wasn't going to relax his rules any further for her. Understanding there was no room for negotiation, Yasmine shrank back and lowered her head in sadness. "Understood, boss."
She resigned herself to not seeking out her savior for now. Once he had dealt with everything, she would find him.
Seeing that Yasmine had settled down, Ivor withdrew his gaze and began to stride forward. "Let's move and keep up with the Nidhoggs."
###Chapter 1341
"Yes, sir," the subordinates respectfully responded in unison. A large group of people then followed the Nidhoggs.
Meanwhile, Billy and Falcon stood at the organization's entrance, waiting for Bonnie to return. But after half an hour of waiting, there was still no sign of her. Not only was Bonnie missing, but so was Mark, whom Billy had sent to keep an eye on her.
As time ticked by, Billy's brow furrowed more profoundly. After waiting a bit longer, his patience ran out. He picked up his phone and dialed Mark's number.
The phone rang several times, but no one answered. Eventually, the call was automatically disconnected. Billy's brow furrowed even more. He tried calling Mark several times, but the results were the same. "What's going on with Mark? Why isn't he answering my calls? Could something have happened on Barrett's end?" Billy wondered aloud.
"They're probably just too absorbed in the scenery and didn't notice your call," Falcon suggested.
Billy turned to Falcon and gave him a look that suggested he thought Falcon was an idiot.
"Anyone else, maybe, but Mark is a martial arts expert I personally trained. Do you really think he would be so engrossed in sightseeing with Barrett that he wouldn't answer my calls?"
Billy paused, then continued, "Besides, what could two men be looking at for so long? Your blind trust in Barrett has made you lose your mind!"
Falcon realized he might have misspoken and felt embarrassed. "Mr. Billy, I was just guessing. I didn't mean it literally."
"Idiot!" Billy huffed, turning around and striding quickly in the direction where Bonnie and Mark had gone. Falcon quickly caught up.
"Mr. Billy, where are you going?"
Billy, still fuming, responded angrily, "Of course, I'm going to find Barrett and Mark! Do you think I'm going sightseeing?"
"I know you're going to find them," Falcon said while organizing his thoughts. "I just wanted to suggest that we take a few more people with us. If we run into the Nidhoggs, we're finished."
Billy gave Falcon a deep look when he realized Falcon had a point. He picked up his phone and made a call. He issued a terse order. "Bring a few men and come with me."
A respectful voice responded on the other end, "Yes, Mr. Billy."
In a matter of minutes, five or six strong men emerged. They approached Billy and respectfully bowed.
"Mr. Billy."
"Hmm," Billy responded, his face shadowed with concern. "Let's go find Barrett and Mark."
Despite Barrett risking his life to save him previously, Billy suspected him now. Since Barrett had access to the chip, his behavior had been inexplicably strange. With Barrett and Mark both missing, Billy's suspicions grew more vigorous.
###Chapter 1342
Upon seeing the expression on Billy's face, Falcon knew precisely what was on his mind. He walked up to him and asked in a low voice, "Mr. Billy, are you still suspicious of Barrett?"
Billy glanced at Falcon indifferently, the shadow on his face becoming even darker. "Before he got his hands on the chip, he made all sorts of promises. But after that, he's had a sudden change. Don't you think there's something fishy about him?"
"Mr. Billy, I believe Barrett is fine. The one with the problem here is you," Falcon dared to say.
Billy's expression abruptly turned sharp, and his gaze pierced Falcon like a blade. "What do you mean? Are you saying I shouldn't suspect Barrett?"
"I know the chip is crucial for you, Mr. Billy, but Barrett's character and his contributions to us are undeniable. Every time you doubt Barrett, it creates a rift between you two. How do you expect him to serve you wholeheartedly in the future?"
Falcon tried to dissuade Billy from his suspicions of Barrett.
"Moreover, someone like Barrett could easily seek opportunities in numerous organizations. If mishandled, he could leave your organization. Of course, if you only want Barrett to decrypt the chip for you, then forget what I said. But if you aim to keep him loyal, you should be more considerate," Falcon added.
Billy's face grew darker. His eyes, like venomous snakes, stared straight at Falcon. Falcon felt uneasy under Billy's gaze, but for the sake of his rare good friend, he gritted his teeth and met Billy's poisonous gaze head-on.
Billy looked at him deeply once more before retracting his gaze. He chuckled, "Speaking of suspicions, it was you who repeatedly tested Barrett's loyalty back then. I advised you to trust him, but now our roles seem to have reversed."
Falcon breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Billy slightly ease up. He smiled and continued, "The reason I stood up for Barrett is because he deserves my trust! Just a few days ago, he risked his life to save us. A man with such loyalty and integrity shouldn't be doubted."
"Fair enough, but the reality is in front of us. Barrett's behavior since he interacted with the chip does seem a bit peculiar," Billy pondered, recalling Bonnie's actions. The more he thought about it, the more suspicious it seemed.
"Mr. Billy, Barrett's character is impeccable. You should give him your full trust!" Falcon spoke with determination, making a silent resolution in his heart. He patted his chest and assured Billy, "I can guarantee this with my life! If Barrett really has any problems, I'll take my head off and let you kick it like a ball!"
Billy's mouth twitched at Falcon's bold words. "I know you trust Barrett, but you don't have to go that far..."
Billy remembered Falcon's previous suspicions of Barrett, which were as severe as his own. Moreover, even after Falcon repeatedly tested Barrett, he still couldn't relinquish his guard against Barrett. Falcon's steadfast defense of Barrett made Billy see Barrett as his best friend.
"I'm not joking! If Barrett really has any problems, I'll take my head off and let you kick it like a ball." Falcon's face was resolute.
Billy's mouth twitched again before waving his hand and saying, "Alright, you don't need to say anything more. Our current task is to find Barrett and Mark before doing anything else."
"Okay, Mr. Billy," Falcon responded before asking cautiously, "Mr. Billy, do you still doubt Barrett after all I've said?"
Billy glanced at him indifferently, his eyes seemingly mocking his blindness.
Just as he was about to respond, he heard his voice from the front of the crowd.
"Mr. Billy, isn't that person ahead of us Mark?"
###Chapter 1343
"Mark?!"
Billy immediately looked up and saw a figure lying in the grass not far ahead. That person was none other than Mark!
Falcon also noticed this scene and quickly followed Billy towards Mark.
They found him sprawled on the ground. He still had the signs of being alive, but he was unconscious.
Billy carefully observed him but couldn't detect anything unusual.
"Mark doesn't have any wounds on his body, nor does it appear he was in a fight with anyone. I'm curious how he passed out," Billy remarked while scanning the surroundings.
"Also, if Mark is here, where's Barrett? Where did Barrett go?"
Falcon's expression turned grim. "Yeah, where did Barrett go? Did something happen to him?"
Billy narrowed his eyes, a sharp glint flashing in them.
"Something happened? It's very likely that Barrett knocked out Mark and then snuck away!"
"Billy, the chip is still inside the organization. Barrett had no reason to run away!" Falcon argued. He then bent down to check Mark's condition. "I don't think it's as you suspect. Let me check Mark's condition first."
Billy's face darkened to an extreme degree.
"You'd better give me a definitive answer! Otherwise, you'll be responsible for Barrett!"
Billy had suspected Barrett of foul play, but Falcon refused to believe it. Now that something had happened, it seemed Billy's suspicions were justified.
After all, the only two people who left the organization were Barrett and Mark. With Mark lying here and Barrett missing, who else could have done this but Barrett?
Billy even suspected that Barrett might have tampered with the chip inside the organization. The more he thought about it, the more likely it seemed. His expression grew darker until it was almost as if ink could drip from it.
"Go inside and check if the data on that chip is normal! If you find anything abnormal, come back and report it to me immediately!" Billy ordered his subordinate coldly, grinding his molars as he thought to himself.
'Barrett better not have taken the chip! If he did, when I catch him, he'll know the consequences of betraying and offending me!'
Just as Billy was lost in these thoughts, Falcon's voice suddenly rang out beside him, filled with alarm.
"No, this is bad!"
###Chapter 1344
Billy furrowed his brow tightly and quickly looked in Falcon's direction. He saw Falcon sitting on the ground, his face pale with intense fear as if he had witnessed something terrifying. Sensing something amiss, Billy hurried over to Falcon.
"Falcon? What's wrong with you?"
Falcon's mouth trembled as he pointed towards Mark, who was lying not far away.
"Mark, on his neck, he... t-there's..."
Out of fear, Falcon was almost incoherent.
Despite his shaky state, Falcon's words hinted at something, making it easy for Billy to understand his meaning.
Billy first glanced at Falcon. Then, with a grim expression, he gestured to a nearby subordinate.
"Go check what's on Mark's neck."
"Yes." The subordinate responded and cautiously approached Mark.
Upon reaching Mark's side, he finally spotted a small silver needle on Mark's neck after careful observation.
The subordinate quickly turned back to report to Billy.
"Billy, we found a silver needle on Mark's neck."
"A silver needle?"
Billy wasn't sure what it meant, but an ominous feeling crept into his heart.
Then he turned to Falcon and asked, "Falcon, did your strong reaction have something to do with seeing this silver needle? Does it have any special significance?"
Billy tried to recall it himself, but after thinking for a while, he couldn't figure out any connection to a silver needle.
Falcon gradually calmed down when Billy asked this question, but his face remained deathly pale, showing no signs of recovery.
"N-no, it's true. It's this silver needle... I saw... this silver needle has my former's leader special mark on it. He often uses silver needles as a weapon... So... so Mark must have been knocked down here by him."
Billy's pupils suddenly contracted.
"So you mean, the leader of the Nidhoggs is nearby?"
If that were true, it would be disastrous. If they didn't run now, they might lose their lives!
Billy glanced around warily. Seeing no one else, he forcibly pulled Falcon up from the ground.
"Get up, let's run! If the leader of the Nidhoggs is here, it means their people are here too. If we don't run now, we won't have a chance."
Following Billy's pull, Falcon stood up from the ground.
Just as he was about to run with Billy, he suddenly stopped.
"Barrett! Yes, Barrett! Mark was knocked down here, so the Nidhoggs must have captured Barrett. We must go rescue him."
"Don't joke around!" Billy's face darkened terribly.
"Can't you see how few of us there are here? Can we really contend against the Nidhoggs, which has the title of an international mega-organization? Just saving our lives would be a miracle!" Usually, Billy was proud and cared about his image.
###Chapter 1345
As things developed to this point, Billy knew well that their organization was no match for the Nidhoggs. Therefore, he recognized the situation and decided to run first and consider their next move later. However, Falcon's thoughts differed from Billy's. He believed Barrett risked his life to save him, showing the bond of brothers who faced life and death together.
Moreover, Falcon had promised Barrett that he would never abandon him, no matter what happened. Therefore, even though he now knew the Nidhoggs had captured Barrett, he was not willing to give up the chance to rescue him.
"Billy, Barrett is a dear brother to me, and I absolutely cannot abandon him," Falcon clenched his fists as if he had made an unwavering decision. "Even if it means death, even if it means enduring inhuman torture, I will bring him back!"
"Why are you so stubborn?" Billy glared fiercely at Falcon. "Going alone to save Barrett is a path to death. What else can you possibly achieve? The wise thing to do is to hide and bide our time. "Once we find a suitable opportunity in the future, we can figure out how to rescue Barrett from the Nidhogg Organization. If you go now, it's simply death."
Although Falcon was eager to rescue Barrett, he must admit that Billy's words made sense. There were many capable individuals inside the Nidhogg Organization. Even if they didn't face the leader directly, facing someone like Collin was already daunting enough.
In such a situation, not only would he fail to rescue Barrett, but he might also end up in great peril himself.
But leaving now and doing nothing left him feeling guilty...
Seeing him standing still, Billy was filled with anxiety.
"Falcon! Aren't you leaving yet? Do you want to wait until the Nidhoggs come to capture you and torture you?"
"But... Barrett..." Falcon lowered his head, his voice tinged with sorrow and urgency. He wanted to rescue Barrett, but he wasn't capable, and Billy wasn't willing to help him.
'Barrett must be feeling helpless and desperate now that the Nidhogg Organization had captured him. He must be hoping I will come to his rescue.'
If he left now, he would be condemned by his conscience. But staying here would be futile. When their leader and his men arrived later, they would likely capture him and Billy, leaving him unable to save Barrett.
After much thought, Falcon finally chose to leave with Billy, finding a safe place to lie low and await an opportunity to rescue Barrett.
"Billy, I'll go with you," Falcon agreed.
"That's right. Let's go now. Once we find an opportunity, we can figure out a way to rescue Barrett. Currently, he should be safe with the Nidhoggs. They have no direct conflict with him and will likely just inquire about the chip and our whereabouts," Billy analyzed as they walked forward cautiously.
"Yeah," Falcon nodded in agreement. "Mr. Boyd usually avoids harming the innocent when handling matters."
"Good." Billy looked around vigilantly. "Let's hurry. We might not have much time."
Just as Falcon was about to respond, a slow, drawling voice echoed in his ears.
"Well, well, who do we have here? Isn't this Falcon, the great traitor of the Nidhogg Organization? Where are you heading now?"
'That familiar voice. Was it Collin?!'
Falcon jerked his head up abruptly and indeed saw Collin's unmistakably familiar face.
At this moment, Collin looked at him with a smirk, mocking him as if he were looking at a clown.
###Chapter 1346
Falcon's face, which had just regained a hint of color, turned ashen again when he saw Collin.
His mouth trembled as if he wanted to say something, but he couldn't utter a sound after struggling with his words for a long time. He was speechless. Collin's sudden appearance had frightened him so much that he couldn't even utter a syllable.
Beside him, Billy saw the Nidhoggs closing in and Falcon still standing motionless in place. Billy forcefully pulled him away.
"Falcon! What are you still dawdling for? Run!"
Upon hearing this voice, Falcon immediately snapped out of his daze. He staggered for a moment, didn't even dare glance toward Collin, and followed Billy in the opposite direction.
But just as they had taken a few steps, another group emerged from the forest, including the Nidhoggs, and surrounded them in a circle.
Billy's face drastically changed when he saw the emblem on the people's clothes in front of them.
"These are members of the Dark Knight Organization!"
With their limited numbers, they were no match even for the Nidhoggs, barely managing to escape. But now, with the Dark Knights's arrival... there was simply no possibility of escape. They were facing certain death.
"The Dark Knights are here too?" Falcon's face paled.
As he looked at the sea of people before him, his body began to tremble uncontrollably. What frightened him the most was that he was about to be captured and face his former leader. 'What is he going to do? Do I have any chance of escape at all?'
As Falcon thought about this, he raised his head quickly to search for an escape route. Before he was captured entirely, he had to find another way out for himself. Otherwise, if he were indeed caught, all that awaited him would be a punishment worse than death!
"Don't struggle," Collin's voice suddenly came beside him. "You can't escape."
As soon as he finished speaking, Falcon felt a harsh kick from behind, catching him off guard. He fell to the ground in a miserable state, with his mouth full of dirt.
Falcon spat out the dirt from his mouth. When he was about to get up, he was kicked down to the ground again by someone.
Before he could react, his hands were swiftly bound. Collin grabbed him by the hair and forcefully pulled him up.
"Falcon, do you think you still have a chance to escape now that I've caught you? Or will you behave and come back with me to meet our leader? It will spare you from further suffering." Falcon struggled against the ropes binding his hands, his bloodshot eyes glaring at Collin.
"If you have the guts, kill me now! Do it!"
"Hahaha!" Collin laughed helplessly, but there was a chilling coldness in his eyes.
"Kill a traitor like you? That would be too easy! Don't worry, when you meet Mr. Boyd, you'll understand what your punishment will be."
Collin then ordered his subordinates behind him, "Take him away."
###Chapter 1347
"Yes." Collin's subordinates captured Billy along with his few men. Although Billy's team consisted of martial arts experts, the members of the Nidhogg Organization were stronger.
They struggled briefly before being subdued, and their hands bound with specially made ropes that made escape impossible.
Collin pressed ahead with Falcon in tow while his subordinates pushed Billy and his men from behind. The group proceeded forward in a formidable manner. At one point, as they passed a cliff, Billy attempted to jump down from above, but Collin saw through his plan and pulled him back.
Upon reaching the riverbank, Collin drew a gun from his inner lining and aimed at Billy's temple when he saw Billy's persistent defiance.
"Billy, since you've been caught, stay here quietly for me. Otherwise, I'll cripple your legs and have you carried back!"
Although Billy was a local boss, he couldn't suppress a flicker of fear in his eyes at being threatened with a gun.
"If you have the guts, kill me! Make it quick, don't drag it out!"
He said the exact words as Falcon because he knew Collin wouldn't kill them before taking them to meet the leader of the Nidhoggs.
Now, he deliberately provoked Collin to see if he could find a way to escape.
"You want it quick?" Collin looked at Billy with a smirk.
Billy wanted to find a breakthrough but was afraid Collin would kill him in a rage, so he hesitated.
Just as he was pondering how to respond to Collin's words, Collin's voice rang out again in his ear.
"Hey, you want it quick? I won't give you that satisfaction! Why should I make it easy for you? A despicable criminal like you deserves to rot in the deepest pits of hell!"
Billy choked up. He only glared at Collin with an ugly expression.
"Why you little..."
Collin smiled coldly, hooking his mouth. "Enough with your babbling. Save your energy. If you have anything to say, wait until you're in front of our leader!"
Ivor led Floyd and Yasmine, who were not far behind Collin. Floyd commented when he saw Collin's current demeanor, "I didn't expect Collin, who usually seems so inconsistent in his actions and speech, to be so ruthless when carrying out a mission."
He knew Collin must have formidable abilities, but his current behavior was completely different from usual, almost like he was two different people..
"Anyone who can serve as a trusted assistant to Mr. Boyd is not destined to be a good person," Ivor said calmly. "That's why I always tell you all, never let your guard ddown, no matter who you encounter." Floyd had never let his guard down, but Ivor's words made sense, and he didn't argue.
"Yes, Mr. Ivor."
Yasmine didn't respond verbally, her big, watery eyes darting left and right. Ivor immediately saw through her intentions, and his temples throbbed.
"Yasmine, can you be more steady?"
"I-I'm not unstable," Yasmine quietly withdrew her eyes, looking innocent.
"When you see Mr. Boyd, don't get too excited, or else I'll have Floyd take you back." Ivor pressed his temples with a headache.
Yasmine hadn't even met the leader of the Nidhogg Organization yet and was already showing such apparent signs. What would happen when she met him? Yasmine awkwardly smiled.
"Got it, boss... I promise you, when I meet my savior later, I absolutely, absolutely won't get too excited."
###Chapter 1348
"Hmph." Ivor sneered and gave Yasmine a look that said, "Do you really think I believe you?"
"Hehe..." Yasmine had nothing to say and could only laugh awkwardly, trying to get through in this manner.
Ivor shot her another warning glance before looking around. 'Weren't the Nidhoggs just with them? How come they're now nowhere to be seen?'
After walking a distance, Falcon turned to Collin and asked severely, "Did you guys capture Barrett? Where is he now?"
He had wanted to ask this question earlier. However, he and Billy had been exchanging glances, trying to find a way to escape.
But after searching for a long time, they couldn't find any escape routes. At this point, they had no choice but to resign themselves to their fate. That's why Falcon waited until now to ask Collin about Barrett's whereabouts.
Collin heard the question and glanced at him meaningfully, but he didn't respond to Falcon's inquiry.
Falcon was puzzled. "What do you mean?"
Even though he heard Falcon's words, Collin continued to ignore them.
Falcon felt that Barrett might have encountered something unexpected. "Why aren't you saying anything?"
Collin still didn't speak, leaving Falcon to guess and worry. Collin was waiting for the moment they would see Bonnie, which would be the real shocker.
"Collin! Have you lost your voice?" Falcon was getting so frustrated that he wanted to curse.
He was genuinely worried about Barrett. After all, Barrett was one of the few who would risk his life to save him. Falcon cherished this good brother of his. Even if he was caught, he just wanted to see Barrett and make sure he was safe.
Upon hearing this, Collin turned his head leisurely and his eyes sharp as knives, fixed on Falcon.
"What did you say? Say it again."
Falcon was startled, then mustered up the courage to reply, "Since you're not mute, why aren't you answering me? I asked you about Barrett. What did you guys do to him?"
Seeing Falcon's urgency, Collin smiled faintly before responding, "Well... You can ask him yourself when you see him."
Upon hearing this, Falcon relaxed a bit. He would still be able to see Barrett, which meant Barrett's situation was probably safe.
Listening to their conversation, Billy's eyes flashed with a dark glint, and then he asked Collin coldly, "Our organization is so hidden internally, how did you find us? And how did you know we were here?"
He had been thinking about this question throughout the process of being captured. It was true that their organization's location had been exposed before. But afterwards, they had moved to a new location within their organization, and no one knew where they were apart from a dozen trusted members.
Yet the people from Nidhogg had found this place accurately, as if they had been lying in wait for them to come.
He didn't believe there was anything suspicious about this. However, he couldn't figure out who was responsible for this. Anyway, now that they have been captured, he should ask Collin this question, and Collin should answer.
"Well..." Collin deliberately drew out his tone to tease them.
"You have to thank your high regard for Barrett," he added mysteriously.
Billy's eyes widened suddenly, his expression full of suspicion.
"W-What do you mean? Did Barrett betray us? Did he leak information to you?"
###Chapter 1349
Billy had always found Barrett's behavior somewhat strange. But he had never imagined that Barrett would betray them.
"If Barrett betrayed us, then I don't know who else we can trust," Falcon frowned upon hearing Collin's words.
"Mr. Billy, don't listen to his nonsense. Someone as sincere as Barrett would never betray us. He's deliberately trying to sow discord! We must trust Barrett's character!" Falcon insisted. Collin chuckled as he listened. "Falcon, you really place one hundred percent trust in this guy called Barrett."
"Barrett is like my brother, of course I trust him! As for the others, I don't know, but I believe Barrett would never betray me or Mr. Billy!" Falcon's trust in Barrett's character was steadfast.
Collin raised an eyebrow and countered, "But weren't we once best brothers too? Didn't you betray us?"
Falcon's face stiffened at Collin's question. After a moment of bewilderment, he dared not meet Collin's gaze.
He was indeed sorry for Collin about this matter. But he didn't think he had done anything wrong. He was just pursuing his worth. What was wrong with that?
'If I stayed in the Nidhogg Organization for my whole life, I would be working under Collin's command forever. Why? Both of us were nurtured by the boss at the same time. Why could Collin manage the organization, but not me? It was all because the boss favored Collin, not because of anything I did wrong.'
Collin withdrew his gaze calmly from him when he saw Falcon's silence.
"You want to know whether Barrett really betrayed you? Wait until we get there, and you can ask him yourself. Even if I told you now, you wouldn't believe me."
From Collin's words, Falcon confirmed once again that Barrett was safe. Since that was the case, he had nothing more to say. He would wait to see Barrett and inquire about the situation then.
In short, he believed there was more to Barrett's situation.
As they spoke, they arrived at a warehouse on the outskirts. It was very dark inside, making it almost impossible to see.
Soon, Collin brought Falcon and Billy to the innermost part of the warehouse.
The light gradually became visible as they entered, though the scene remained somewhat dim.
Falcon squinted until his eyes adjusted to the brightness inside the warehouse. Vaguely, he saw a figure approaching from the other side.
Judging by the figure, he believed it was Barrett.
As this person drew closer, Falcon discerned the color of the clothes they wore, the same as Barrett was wearing today.
Yes! This person was indeed Barrett!
Falcon felt an indescribable excitement in his heart and looked forward with joy.
But seeing the face of the person, his expression changed abruptly.
"Y-You."
###Chapter 1350
With a trace of sarcasm flashing in her gaze, Bonnie curved her lips slightly as she faced Falcon's surprised and terrified expression. "What? We haven't seen each other for a while, and you don't recognize me?"
Falcon gulped hard, his throat parched with anxiety and a look of pure terror on his face.
"Y-You..." He hesitated for a long time but couldn't find the right words.
After remaining silent for over ten seconds, he finally spoke a complete sentence. "Mr. Boyd, h-how is it you? W-Where's Barrett?"
Although he already had a vague suspicion when he spoke these words, he couldn't bring himself to confront his inner thoughts because this matter was too unbelievable.
"Barrett?" Bonnie raised her lips slightly, eyes sweeping down to the makeup tools not far away. "Are you referring to 'him'?"
Although Bonnie didn't explicitly say it, Falcon understood her meaning immediately.
But even at this point, he still couldn't accept it. He stared straight at Bonnie, wanting a definite answer from her.
"Mr. Boyd, did you disguise yourself as Barrett? Did you?" He asked twice, showing how skeptical he was about this matter.
Although he had suspected before that Barrett might be his former leader, Barrett had risked his life to save him initially. They had also had heartfelt conversations later, which completely dispelled his doubts. 'Wait a minute. No, something's not right!'
Falcon suddenly remembered the entire process of Barrett saving him and realized something.
"Back when you saved me...d-did you all carefully plan it? You coordinated with Collin, knowing you wouldn't be seriously injured, s-so you rushed out to save me without hesitation?"
When Falcon spoke, darkness gathered in his eyes, and self-mockery tugged at the corners of his mouth.
"Haha, I'm really a fool, the world's biggest fool. Clearly, all of this was a trap, but I still fell deeply into it."
He had indeed regarded Barrett as a close brother. Seeing Mark collapsing, he immediately worried about Barrett's safety.
When Billy decided to abandon Barrett, he even considered risking everything to infiltrate the Nidhogs and rescue Barrett.
But now, all his hesitations and struggles had become a joke...
The excellent 'brother' he thought he had was nothing more than his illusion.
The more Falcon thought about it, the more resentful he became. As he looked at Bonnie, the crimson glint in his eyes flickered with madness.
"Mr. Boyd, when you saw me treating you as my best brother, wholeheartedly trusting you, did you secretly think of me as a clown? Did you find my behavior and actions ridiculous?" Falcon's voice trembled with anger.
"Heh heh..." Bonnie chuckled coldly twice while leaning in slowly and staring coldly into Falcon's eyes.
###Chapter 1351
"Feeling betrayed by someone you trusted sucks, doesn't it? Are you furious and hateful because you don't know how things turned out this way?" Bonnie questioned.
Falcon noticed her indifferent tone before looking away in fear. Although Bonnie had been an organization leader for a long time, he had to admit her imposing demeanor remained. She was even more assertive than ever, and Falcon could not bear to maintain eye contact.
Bonnie stood up and continued, "You stole the chip my organization spent years working on. How you feel now is how I felt when I heard of your betrayal. It was worse for me!"
She grew increasingly furious as she added, "You considered Barrett a brother because he risked his life for you, but you resent him now because you feel betrayed.
"Don't you remember everyone in the organization, including Collin and I, risking our lives for you during missions? Did you consider that when you stole the chip and betrayed us?" Falcon did not know how to respond. He wanted to retort but knew he was wrong.
'Boyd is giving me a taste of my own medicine. I felt disheartened when I discovered he had disguised himself as Barrett. Now I know how betrayal feels. Still, I have a good reason for my actions. I've done nothing wrong!'
Bonnie gazed at Falcon profoundly and was about to continue when she heard Billy's resentful voice, "I knew there was something off about you, Barrett! You're not as innocent as you seemed, but I never expected the Nidhoggs' leader to infiltrate my organization for the chip!"
Billy had many possibilities in his mind when he was brought here. However, he never expected "Barrett" to be the leader of the Nidhoggs.
Bonnie turned to Billy and grinned, asking, "Is that your way of complimenting me?"
"Hah!" Billy sneered menacingly. "How shameless of you to assume that."
"So, it wasn't a compliment?" Bonnie said calmly with a hint of mischief.
However, her demeanor was insulting to Billy. After all, she had played him like a fiddle, and he could do nothing about it. The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He even reddened with rage as his breathing became uneven.
The joy in Bonnie's eyes intensified when she noticed it. "I had an excellent time in your organization, Billy. Thanks for that."
Then, she glanced coldly at Falcon and added, "I must thank you for taking such good care of this traitor, too. You even delivered him to me in one piece. That'll make it easier for me to punish him." Billy's fury burned, but she continued leisurely, "I owe you one, Billy. I wouldn't have pulled it off so smoothly without your trust."
###Chapter 1352
Billy felt like a fool. After all, he had trusted "Barrett" and even planned to make him second-in-command. Billy wished he could travel back in time and slap himself for having too much faith in Barrett. The
former regretted not being able to see through the disguise.
Billy glared at Bonnie, wishing to kill her. Meanwhile, the latter looked calm and unintimidated. Instead, she was passive-aggressive. "Again, I'm grateful for everything you did for me. I'll repay your kindness to avoid looking ungrateful.
"I'll take over your organization and relieve you of your burdens. You'll have a much easier life from now on. You no longer have to work so hard."
Bonnie said that to crush Billy's spirit, knowing his organization was what meant most to him. The latter was devastated as she kept hitting him where it hurt. He felt like he would throw up at any moment, stammering, "Y-You little-"
Billy pointed at her tremblingly. He stuttered but could not speak coherently.
"Relax, Billy." Bonnie smiled and crossed her arms. She looked pure and harmless, but Billy saw her as an evil wolf in sheep's clothing. He even suspected Bonnie had more to say. He looked at her vigilantly and asked, "Wh-what do you mean?"
Bonnie said smilingly, "Since you're so interested in what I'm about to say, I'll continue."
Billy was annoyed with how she kept him in suspense. He felt she had utter control over him, but he could do nothing about it. "Just tell me! Stop beating around the bush!"
"Hahaha!" Bonnie could not help but laugh. "Fine, you look like you can barely wait to hear the good news. I guess I'll just tell you."
She paused and looked into his eyes. Finally, she said, "If I remember correctly, you want to rule over all the international organizations. I intend to release all your hostages and return them to their families. "Afterward, their organizations will find their way to you. Then, you can win them over and add them to your ranks."
Billy was not happy to hear that. After all, he was the one who tortured his hostages. If Bonnie released them and returned them to their families, their organizations would want revenge.
###Chapter 1353
'Forget about even trying to win over my hostages. I'd be lucky if they don't rip me to shreds!'
As Billy was thinking, Bonnie gave him another piece of shocking news, "Since it'll take those families and their organizations some time to find you, it'll delay your chances of winning them over. To avoid that, I organized a massive party for you. I'm considerate, aren't I?"
Billy was puzzled for a moment. Then, he scoffed and said sarcastically, "Don't expect me to think you're doing this out of kindness."
Bonnie grinned coldly. "What do you mean? I've always been kind-hearted."
Billy was frightened when he saw the coldness in her eyes. However, he quickly regained his composure and said, "Cut to the chase! What do you mean you organized a party for me?!" Whatever she said next, he would refuse to believe she was kind-hearted. Soon after, he realized something, and his eyes widened.
'Does Boyd mean he's gathering the hostages and their organizations? Is he planning to let them get their revenge?'
Bonnie's following response verified Billy's speculation. "It's a party, so we'll need everyone to be here to ensure we have a good time together. I listed everyone you've hurt and even contacted their families. "Still, I might've missed a few of your victims since you're ruthless enough to torture far more than those on my list. That said, I've amassed at least eight thousand people. That should be enough, right?" Bonnie stared into Billy's eyes, smiling as she added, "What do you think the victims' families will do when they see the person who tortured their loved ones? Do you think they'll tear you apart? They might even torture you the same way you tortured their loved ones."
Bonnie watched as Billy paled. She crossed her arms and clicked her tongue disapprovingly, saying, "Just thinking about it excites me! I had a lot of trouble organizing the party and gathering these people. It'll all be worth it."
Billy had always considered himself experienced. Still, he felt a chill run down his spine when he heard that. He said, "I-I treated you with nothing but kindness and generosity when you were in my organization You can't do this to me!"
Bonnie shrugged and said snidely, "I organized this party to express my gratitude. What more do you want?"
"Why, you-" Billy was furious.
"Well, if that's not enough, I'll have to put on my thinking cap. I'll see if I can figure out something to make things more interesting for you." Bonnie rubbed her chin in contemplation.
Billy could only watch. Suddenly, he realized how terrifying Bonnie could be. Under normal circumstances, he would admire her, but he could not accept it when he was the one receiving it. "That's enough!" Billy glared at Bonnie. "Don't you fear karma if you treat me this way?"
Bonnie smiled at him. "Karma? You must be joking. Nothing I do can compare to your cruelness, Billy. You weren't concerned about karma when you tortured those people, were you? So, what's there to fear?"
###Chapter 1354
Billy realized Bonnie was adamant about torturing him to death, so he gradually became more accommodating. "What will it take for you to let me go?"
He finally realized Bonnie was a maniac, and he could not negotiate with her. He had to give in to what she wanted and do as she said. Only then could he escape her wrath.
Bonnie fiddled with her fingers as she said, "Well, you'll have to ask the victims' families that. I'm fine if they're willing to let you go. After all, you treated me well when I was in your organization. I've already gathered them, so it's not my right to decide whether or not to let you go."
"You son of a b***!" Billy was outraged. "It looks like you won't let me go, no matter what I say."
Bonnie raised her brow mysteriously. Billy knew what that look meant and could only laugh hysterically, "Hahaha! Perfect!"
Then, he grinned menacingly and pulled out a pistol. He aimed it at Bonnie's head and shouted, "Die, you bastard!"
Collin's heart raced when he saw that. "Watch out!"
However, Bonnie had predicted this long ago. As Billy squeezed the trigger, she kicked his wrist.
B***!
Billy felt an intense pain in his wrist. "Ahhh!"
Simultaneously, he dropped his gun. Even so, he refused to give up. He motioned to pick up the gun, but Bonnie kicked it away before he could reach it, shattering his last glimmer of hope. Billy staggered to his feet and yelled, "I'll kill you!"
Bonnie kept still and watched as he approached. As he was about to reach her, she kicked him.
Thud!
Billy flew and bounced off a wall before falling to the ground. "Pfft! Cough, cough, cough!"
He spat a mouthful of blood and felt an excruciating pain in his stomach. He took a moment to gather himself and glared at Bonnie. "Kill me already. Don't torture me. Give me a swift death!" Billy despised Bonnie. He felt sorrow and despair but could do nothing about it.
Bonnie watched him suffer in misery. Then, she turned to Collin and said, "Take him away. Don't make the victims' families wait."
"Right away, Chief," Collin responded, glancing at his two men. They nodded at him and quickly took Billy away.
###Chapter 1355
As the two men dragged Billy away, he howled, "Kill me! Don't do this to me!"
His voice grew distant as they took him away. Although the Nidhoggs had grown accustomed to such things, Falcon felt indescribably tortured.
He thought, 'Billy never caused substantial damage to Boyd, but even he met a grim end. Meanwhile, I'm the traitor who stole Boyd's chip. I can only imagine how it'll end for me. I'll suffer in ways I can't even imagine.'
Falcon's thought scared him so much that he began to shiver. He hunched and tried to make himself less noticeable, hoping Bonnie would forget about him. However, that was impossible as Falcon and Billy were the main events, especially the former.
As expected, Bonnie turned her attention to Falcon. She approached him with a terrifyingly calm tone, "Do you have anything to say about your betrayal?"
'I know Boyd isn't as calm as he appears. It's merely the calm before the storm. He might overwhelm me soon.'
Falcon paled, not daring to say a word. Meanwhile, Bonnie stared at him and sighed, saying, "You let me down, Falcon."
He thought "Bonnie" would beat him to a pulp for ignoring her. However, she did not hit him or reprimand him. Instead, she only said a few words. Bonnie's words were so heavy that they struck Falcon where it hurt.
'I'd rather Boyd beat me up than have to hear that again. I don't need him to make me feel bad about myself.'
Collin noticed Falcon's silence and could not bear it. The former scolded, "Did you lose your voice, Falcon?! Boyd is talking to you. Answer him!"
Falcon's eyes reddened when he heard that. He glared at Collin and questioned, "What's it to you?! It's your fault I turned out like this!"
"What?!" Collin was flabbergasted.
'Falcon's the one who betrayed Bonnie and stole the chip. What do I have to do with it? He must be trying to drive a wedge between Bonnie and me. He's trying to twist the story by blaming me. What a joke!' "You must be in shock to spout such nonsense, Falcon." Collin looked at Falcon condescendingly.
Falcon sneered. "Boyd wouldn't have ignored me if you hadn't shown up. He would've made me his right-hand man. I'm the one who came first and became his apprentice, and you came a year later. I should've been his most valued asset, so why did he pass you the baton instead?"
That was the most bitter experience in Falcon's life. He could never figure out why it happened that way. Back then, Bonnie said she needed to focus on other things and that she needed to choose someone to run the organization in her place.
Falcon thought it would be him, but Bonnie chose Collin and even gave the latter the highest authority, putting him above Falcon.
'Collin and I were equally capable. What gave him the right to become the leader while I became his henchman? None of it was fair!'
Collin frowned, saying, "Is that why you stole the chip and betrayed Boyd? You must be joking."
###Chapter 1356
"Why else would I have done it?" Falcon glared daggers at Collin. "Boyd valued you and made you the organization's acting leader. Of course, you thought nothing of it. What about me?!
"I'm just as good as you in every aspect. I also worked with Boyd longer than you, so why did I need to take your shit and let you restrict my growth?"
The more Falcon spoke, the more his hatred intensified, "I just don't get why Boyd entrusted the organization to you when I'm just as, if not more, capable than you. Why the hell did he value you more?! Why?!"
Falcon's voice brimmed with frustration and reluctance. After all, these things had long haunted him.
Meanwhile, Collin could only frown, not knowing how to respond.
'I never knew Falcon was furious about Bonnie making me the organization's acting leader. He even stole the chip and betrayed us because of it. We poured a lot of effort into making that chip.
'I never even considered the fact that I was the acting leader. I only abided by Bonnie's arrangements and did as she said. I tried my best to make her proud, but it's apparent Falcon doesn't see it that way.' After hearing Falcon's rage and resentment, Bonnie pursed her lips and sighed. Then, she slowly approached Falcon and patted his shoulder.
The latter froze. Falcon dared not look at Bonnie because he feared the coldness in her eyes. Eventually, he mustered enough courage and looked up. To his surprise, he saw no hatred or disappointment in her expression.
On the contrary, Bonnie looked at peace, soothing Falcon's intense emotions. He felt confused, wondering why she looked at him that way. After all, he had betrayed the organization.
'Boyd is supposed to hate me and want to punish me. Instead, he looks calm.'
Falcon felt like Bonnie was about to tell him something monumental. However, considering everything he had done, he thought she would never do that.
'Why is Boyd looking at me like that? I don't sense any hatred. He looks so calm that it's freaking me out.'
Bonnie asked, "You said you never figured out why I entrusted the organization to Collin instead of you, right?"
After some thought, Falcon nodded. "That's right."
Bonnie kept her hand on Falcon's shoulder and looked into his eyes, saying, "Fine, if that's what kept bothering you, I'll tell you why."
###Chapter 1357
"If I had made you the acting leader before I left, Collin would've had to listen to you. I knew he would never do something like steal the chip and betray the organization. However, you did, and that's the difference between you two."
Falcon was stunned and uneasy. He wanted to retort, but he had spent almost as much time with Bonnie and Collin. They used to be partners and worked together famously.
Falcon also knew Collin well. That was why the former could not argue with Bonnie. Considering Collin's character, he would never make the same mistakes Falcon made. Even if Collin disagreed with Bonnie's decisions or resented her, he would never betray her.
However, Falcon did, and he had to admit Collin was better than him in that regard.
Bonnie knew Falcon finally understood her. She said, "You finally see it now, right?"
Falcon did not respond. He felt guilty and did not know how to explain his feelings. Meanwhile, Bonnie stared at him and said, "I know you're radical and prone to backing yourself into a corner. I worried about you the most when I left.
"I even told Collin to keep an eye on you. Given your character, I feared you might encounter serious trouble. That's why I told him to ensure your safety. I even made him text me to give me updates about you. "I spent so much time worrying about you, yet this is what I get in return. You hurt me like no one else did, Falcon." Bonnie shook her head in disappointment. "Saying I'm disappointed doesn't even begin to cover it."
Collin took the opportunity to show Falcon the texts Bonnie had sent him. "Look at these! It's proof of how much Boyd was concerned about you. He has been nothing but good to you, yet you betrayed him! Now, consider what you've done to him and the organization."
Collin was just as disappointed in Falcon as Bonnie was. However, Collin knew she would feel it the worst. After all, she had poured just as much effort into Falcon as with Collin.
'Bonnie has been kind to both of us, but Falcon did something disappointing. All it took was one misguided thought for something to go wrong.'
Falcon had wronged Bonnie and betrayed her trust. Collin knew Falcon would regret it once the latter considered his actions.
Falcon was stunned as he read the texts on Collin's phone. The texts read, "Falcon tends to let his emotions sway him during missions. Look after him."
"He did well on this mission. Take him to the warehouse and let him choose whatever he wants as a reward."
"I developed an augmented version of a medicine for physical injury and prepared ten packets for you and Falcon. Remember to give Falcon his share. Remind him to stay safe and never give in to his impulses during missions."
###Chapter 1358
Guilt formed in Falcon's eyes when he saw the apparent concern in Bonnie's texts. He always thought Bonnie valued Collin more and took his side no matter what happened. Finally, Falcon realized she showed them equal value.
Although Bonnie entrusted the organization to Collin, she always remembered Falcon. She knew Falcon was impulsive and occasionally checked in with Collin, even asking the latter to look after Falcon. Falcon realized he had been petty and narrow-minded. He looked up at Bonnie and began to tear up as he stammered, "Chief, I— I don't—"
He wanted to apologize and admit his mistakes, but his last shred of pride did not allow it. Moreover, he thought apologizing would not help after what he had done.
Bonnie saw through him, and an inexplicable emotion flashed in her eyes. She said, "That's enough. Since you've caused us a lot of trouble, you must accept your full punishment. We won't go easy on you." Falcon lowered his head, showing he had nothing to say about the punishment.
Bonnie added, "However, I have to tell you something."
Falcon froze, fearing Bonnie would drop another bombshell. "Wh-what is it?"
She patted his shoulder and said, "You don't have to worry about your family. Your actions had nothing to do with them, so I'll leave them alone. They've been members of the organization before you betrayed us, and that won't change. I'll treat them like my own and ensure they live good lives."
Falcon's regret intensified when he heard that. He thought he was an orphan long ago, but one day, Bonnie said she had a surprise for one of his birthdays. She led him somewhere, and several people went to hug him.
Those people were overwhelmed with joy and smiles. Falcon did not understand it and even felt a little uncomfortable then. Afterward, Bonnie told him that they were Falcon's parents and siblings.
That day, he realized he was not an orphan. He learned that human traffickers had kidnapped him during his childhood when he was on a trip with his parents. They had been searching for him since then. When Bonnie thought about it, she devoted herself to searching for Falcon's parents. Ultimately, fate brought them together and made it possible for Falcon to reunite with his family.
After that, he occasionally spent time with his parents and siblings. He could sense they loved him profoundly, and he finally knew what it was like to have a family. It was something he had never experienced before.
###Chapter 1359
Falcon had never experienced such bliss, and he had Bonnie to thank for that. If she had not taken the time to search for his family, he would have never known how much they loved him. However, Falcon had wronged the Nidhoggs and also sided with their enemy. He even tried to make his colleagues from the Nidhoggs bow to him and control them. The more he thought about it, the more sorrowful and embarrassed he felt.
'I just don't know why I betrayed Boyd after he treated me so well. Why the hell did I do that? I regret it and hate myself so much. Now that I've made my bed, I must lie in it. Things can't go back to the way they were.'
The guilt in Falcon's eyes gradually turned into anguish. After all, he had made a massive mistake. He wanted to make amends but knew there was nothing he could do.
Then, Bonnie said something that broke him, "Your dad is about to celebrate his seventieth birthday, right? I'll give him a highly valuable herb as a present from all of us at the organization."
She sounded calm, but her words made Falcon tremble. He instinctively recalled Bonnie telling everyone in the organization to hunt for that particular herb. Moreover, she got hurt while obtaining the herb. Back then, Falcon thought Bonnie simply obtained the herb for someone important to her. Otherwise, she would not have made such a sacrifice. Finally, he realized she searched for that herb for his father. 'Dad has always been in poor health. Once he gets that herb, it'll make him stronger and help him live longer. I never expected Boyd to do something like that for Dad. Boyd has done a lot for me and my family yet I betrayed him.'
Falcon held his head and slumped to the ground before yelling in misery, "Ahhh!"
Bonnie could only stare at him. She had nothing to say about it, except that it was such a shame to see Falcon like that.
'I spent much time and effort to mentor Falcon. I've always considered him a good friend, but one misstep was all it took for him to forsake our friendship. We've known each other for more than a decade, too.' Anyone would feel pity if they were in Bonnie's shoes. Then, she heard Falcon's agitated cries, "I'm so sorry, Boyd! I genuinely am! I just—”
Bonnie sighed, feeling conflicted as she said, "An apology won't change a thing after what you've done. That said, it's good that you know the error of your ways and are willing to change for the better. I want you to carry this feeling through your punishment."
Bonnie heard his apology and sighed with a mix of emotions.
"N-No..." Falcon shook his head, his eyes welling with tears. "I can't ask for your forgiveness. I made a grave mistake and dishonored you. I'm just an animal! I entrust my parents to you, Boyd. I have no right to look at them."
###Chapter 1360
Bonnie raised her brows. She had a terrible feeling in her gut. "What are you trying to say, Falcon?"
He grinned bitterly and said, "I'll repay you in the afterlife if I can, Boyd."
Suddenly, he snatched a gun from the nearest person and shot himself.
B***!
Then, Bonnie heard a thud as Falcon's corpse hit the ground.
"Falcon!" Collin stared at the man lying in a pool of blood in disbelief. He had thought of many ways things could have turned out after capturing Falcon, but he never expected Falcon to kill himself.
Although Collin sensed Falcon's regret and sorrow, the former did not think Falcon would shoot himself like that.
'Falcon was my friend for over a decade. Even though he betrayed us, I never thought he'd do something like that!' Collin turned to Bonnie and muttered, "Chief, I"
Bonnie continued to stare at Falcon's corpse with a hint of anguish in her eyes. Of course, she was mad at him for what he had done, but she never thought he would take his own life. Moreover, Falcon was someone she used to entrust her life to.
With that in mind, Bonnie lowered her gaze to try to hide her pain. Collin noticed her trying to suppress her feelings and knew she felt much worse than he did.
He approached and soothed her, "Don't feel bad about it, Chief. Falcon decided to do that, knowing it was the best ending for himself. We should let it go."
Bonnie could only sigh. "Falcon's dead. If I remember correctly, you used to visit him at his parents' place. They were good to you and considered you their own, didn't they? You should take good care of Falcon's parents and siblings for him."
After collecting herself, she added, "I didn't say that to try and shove all the responsibilities on you. I just want you to spend more time with them while I take care of their financial needs and other things. "Falcon's death will break their hearts. They'll have an easier time grieving with you around, Collin."
Collin could not help but remember the good times he had with Falcon. They always chatted over a beer or two and wore their hearts on their sleeves around each other. Collin intended to become Falcon's best friend, and they would support each other in the organization.
Collin never thought this would be how things ended between them. He glanced at Falcon one more time and sighed heavily. Then, he said with melancholy, "Leave that to me, Chief. I'll treat Falcon's family as my own. You didn't even need to tell me to."
A moment later, Collin approached Falcon's corpse and knelt beside him to close the latter's eyes.
###Chapter 1361
Collin said, "Rest in peace, Falcon. I'll look after your family."
Bonnie pursed her lips, wanting to say something. However, she ultimately turned around and left. Although she seemed unfazed, she began to tear up. Once she left, the man standing beside Collin asked, "What should we do with Falcon?"
Collin sighed and responded solemnly, "Take him back to headquarters and give him a proper burial."
"Understood." The man nodded and carried Falcon away with the help of another fellow Nidhogg.
Meanwhile, Ivor watched everything and recalled what "Bonnie" told Falcon. Ivor sighed and said, "I didn't consider Boyd to be the sentimental type."
Considering everything Falcon had done, Ivor always thought Bonnie would beat him to a pulp after capturing him. However, Bonnie bared her soul and had a deep conversation with Falcon.
'Boyd's an incredible man. Not only is he capable, but his character is impeccable. It's a shame his subordinate wasn't loyal.'
Yasmine lifted her chin and puffed her chest, saying pridefully, "Of course, he is! My savior wouldn't have risked his life to save me at the underground market if he wasn't a good person. Also, I was nothing but a stranger to him then. Mr. Boyd is the best!"
Ivor's lips twitched. "Must you praise him every day?"
"That's not it." A hint of embarrassment flashed across her eyes. "I'll only praise him when he does something worth praising."
Of course, Yasmine would praise "Bonnie" every chance she got. It would be an understatement to say Yasmine was a fangirl. She noticed Ivor's silence and said, "Mr. Boyd is worth praising. Even you think he's a badass, don't you?"
Ivor was stumped. He had to admit that "Bonnie" was capable, but Yasmine did not need to praise him so much. That said, Ivor did not speak his mind.
'Considering Yasmine's character, she'll only have a stronger reaction if I say anything now.'
At that moment, Ivor saw Collin approaching. The latter then said, "Mr. Boyd wants to see you. He intends to discuss the chip with you."
Ivor raised his brows in surprise. "Your boss just experienced something traumatic. Doesn't he need time to process it? The chip can wait."
Collin had expected such a response. He said, "Boyd knew you'd say that and wanted me to tell you that our organization's internal matters won't affect our work. Since he wants to see you, you can talk to him now."
###Chapter 1362
Ivor felt impressed with "Bonnie's" with ethics. The former said, "I know your boss is versatile, and his actions have shown me a new side to him. Everything about him is extraordinary." Yasmine saw Ivor's expression and could not resist praising her savior again, "Mr. Boyd is just awesome, isn't he?"
Ivor glanced sidelong at her when he heard that.
Yasmine immediately understood his look and quickly covered her mouth. Only then did Ivor turn away and say, "Please, take me to him."
Collin nodded. "Right away. You have a contract with Mr. Boyd, after all."
"You're right," Ivor responded dryly before following Collin.
Soon after, they reached the ground level and stood at the side of the street. "Bonnie" was already waiting for them there. At that moment, a blast of wind blew past her. It billowed her shirt and exposed her slender figure.
Ivor noticed it and recalled the various skills "Bonnie" had demonstrated earlier. He found it hard to imagine how such a tiny person could contain such power. Not only that, but she could even keep calm after experiencing something somber.
It was hard for Ivor not to respect "Bonnie" after witnessing all that.
The latter heard footsteps approaching and turned to see Ivor. She calmly addressed him, "You're here. Come on, let's talk in the car."
"All right." Ivor did not .
'Honestly, my organization did nothing much to help the Nidhoggs. We might've signed a contract, but Boyd still wants to discuss the chip after dealing with something so traumatic. That tells me how serious he takes our agreement.'
Ivor realized he would lose nothing by working with "Bonnie." He was more than happy to follow her arrangements.
Yasmine instinctively followed along, but Collin stopped her. "Mr. Vic is about to discuss the chip with my boss. You shouldn't be there. If you want to chat with Mr. Boyd, wait until they're done."
Yasmine had done many things without Ivor's permission, making him angry with her. However, he always suppressed his anger because her brother had died for him. That said, Ivor would stop tolerating her it she continued to disobey him.
If she did, he would punish her severely.
Meanwhile, Yasmine understood how serious the discussion was. She could not help but feel embarrassed once Collin reminded her about it. She replied, "I-I didn't mean to follow them. It was just instinctual." She was grateful that Collin stopped her from following Ivor and Bonnie. Otherwise, Ivor would have skinned her alive if she messed up their conversation concerning the chip.
Collin sighed inwardly, wondering why Yasmine kept falling deeper in love with Bonnie.
'I wonder how Yasmine will react if she ever finds out Boyd is Bonnie disguised as a man.'
###Chapter 1363
'Yasmine would probably have a mental meltdown and become depressed. In any case, it won't be Bonnie's fault. She has rejected Yasmine countless times and also told her they can't be together.' However, Yasmine was too obsessed with "Bonnie" and simply would not listen to anyone.
Yasmine interrupted Collin's thoughts, saying, "Collin, can I ask you something?"
He returned to his senses and looked at her. "What is it?"
"Um..." Yasmine bit her lip, hesitant. "Now that you have the chip, does that mean Mr. Boyd will go back home?"
She wondered if "Bonnie" would return to her "wife" and have some lovey-dovey time together. That was what Yasmine wanted to ask but could not bring herself to say it. After all, she and "Bonnie" were nothing but acquaintances.
'I guess we're only friends. I don't have a right to ask something like that since it's too presumptuous. What if Collin tells Boyd what I asked him? What if that makes Boyd think less of me?'
Meanwhile, Collin was stunned. After some thought, he asked, "How do you know Boyd isn't from around here?"
"M-My boss told me!" A hint of unease flashed in Yasmine's eyes.
"Oh, I see." Collin nodded understandingly. "Yeah, my boss isn't from here, and he won't stick around, either. I guess he'll leave after wrapping things up."
"Do you know where he's going?" Yasmine hastily asked an important question as the answer would decide whether or not she could look for her savior after this. Of course, she was anxious about it. "Well..." Collin answered hesitantly, "You should ask Boyd that yourself. He'll answer you."
Yasmine choked up a little. She stared at Collin longingly and said, "I asked you because I knew Mr. Boyd wouldn't tell me. Pretty please! I want to know where he's going so I can contact him. I swear I won't mess with his private life."
Yasmine clasped her fingers together, eyes wide with pleas. "Come on, Collin. You have to help me."
Collin detected a hint of humility in her voice, thinking, 'Jeez, Yasmine's a big celebrity at Yale. I can't believe she's lowering herself like this for Bonnie. Still, I can't answer that. I can only marvel at just how charismatic Bonnie is.'
Although he felt awful about it, he could not answer Yasmine's question. He shrugged and said helplessly, "Do you think I can answer that for Boyd? If he answers you honestly, it's because he has thought it through and accepted the consequences.
"However, if he doesn't answer, that means he doesn't want you to know where he's going after all this."
Collin scratched his head and stopped looking at the pitiful-looking Yasmine.
###Chapter 1364
Yasmine sniffled and said, "Since you can't tell me, I'll drop it. I won't pressure you anymore."
Collin patted his chest and sighed in relief, saying, "Oh, you're done? Perfect!"
Then, he thought he might have shown too much of a reaction and neglected Yasmine's feelings. Immediately after, he calmly added, "It's not like I don't want to tell you. Still, that question puts me in a tight spot."
"It's okay." Yasmine forced a smile. "I'll ask Mr. Boyd once he finishes his discussion with my boss."
Yasmine knew "Bonnie" might not answer honestly but still wanted to try. After all, there was still a chance Bonnie would tell Yasmine where she lived. The latter held out hope instead of giving up because she did not want to lose contact with Bonnie in the future.
Although Bonnie looked warm and helpful, she had been rejecting Yasmine and treated the latter with disinterest. If Yasmine did not shoot her shot, they might not remain friends once Bonnie returned home. 'If I want to see Boyd again, I must fight for it, no matter how slim my chances are.'
Collin noticed Yasmine's gloomy expression. He awkwardly scratched his head and said, "Hey, uh, I have something to do. Please excuse me."
As he left, Floyd looked at Yasmine and wanted to comfort her. However, he did not know where to start. Ultimately, he said nothing and copied Collin's technique, saying, "I-I also have something to do. I'l come back later."
Of course, Yasmine saw through the duo's lousy act. She would have made fun of them under normal circumstances, but she was not in the mood for that now. She only cared about whether or not "Bonnie" would reveal where she lived.
'I wonder if Boyd will let me visit his place for a chat. Will he let me share something interesting with him and more? It'll be fine if he agrees, but what if he doesn't want that? I guess can only hope he agrees.'
"Bonnie" compared her contract with the one the Dark Knights had to confirm she only had to lend them the chip for two weeks. After giving it to Ivor, she said, "We agreed on two weeks. I hope you honor your end and return it to my organization after that."
Ivor raised a brow, asking, "You're just going to give it to me without negotiating terms?"
"Yeah, we've signed contracts, after all. What's there to negotiate?"
###Chapter 1365
Bonnie sounded calm as she spoke, "All that matters is that you return my chip after two weeks, as stipulated in the contract. I'll be grateful if you can do that."
She was implying that Ivor would go back on his word. At that moment, he could not decide whether to laugh or cry. He said, "You're honoring our agreement, and I'll do the same. You can expect me to return i as agreed."
Bonnie remained unimpressed, saying, "I sure hope so. Otherwise, I'll have to search for you guys and repeat our contract's contents to you again. That'll be a massive waste of my time."
Although she sounded firm, Ivor could sense a pang of sorrow and melancholy in her voice. He recalled what happened at the warehouse and how she witnessed Falcon's suicide. Ivor could not help but comfort her, "Falcon might've betrayed you, but I know you didn't want him to die.
"You're pretty sentimental, Mr. Boyd. That said, Falcon would have felt tortured if he kept living. How things ended was the best outcome for him."
Bonnie instinctively stared at Ivor wordlessly. The latter felt a little uneasy and began to feel around his face, asking in puzzlement, "Why are you looking at me like that? Is there something on my face?" Bonnie shook her head. "Not at all. I just think you're pretty bad at comforting people."
Ivor was speechless. After some thought, he said, "I apologize. I don't soothe others that often. I'm a little rusty."
Bonnie giggled. "I didn't expect you to be so honest. You might not be good at comforting others, but I feel soothed. Thanks."
Ivor helplessly rubbed his chin, saying, "I don't know if that was a compliment, or if you were teasing me. Either way, what matters is that you feel better, I hope."
Initially, he always considered "Bonnie" as nothing more than a collaborator. The way he saw it, they would not continue to keep in touch once the whole chip fiasco ended. However, Ivor got to know "Bonnie" on a deeper level and discovered something about her.
'Not only is Boyd capable, but he's also an incredible person. As far as I'm concerned, I can consider him a friend now. It's only right to comfort my friend when he's down, right?'
"I appreciate it, Mr. Vic." Bonnie thanked him again and felt a little relaxed. Then, she showed him the chip again and asked, "Do you still want to borrow it? If not, I'll take it back with me."
"Of course, I want it." Ivor took the chip smilingly and made her a promise, "Don't worry about it. Since you lent us the chip, I'll keep it safe and return it to you."
"I most certainly want it." Ivor smiled and took the chip from her. At the same time, he made her a promise.
Bonnie replied, "Sure, as long as you keep your promise. There's no need to say more."
"Understood." Ivor put the chip into his suit pocket. "My organization and I have the better end of the deal this time. You were the ones who did all the heavy lifting, too. We merely supported your organization. "Now that you're lending me the chip without hassle, I feel like I should do something in return. I'll do you a favor, and you can ask for it anytime. I'll do everything in my power to repay your generosity—if it's within reason, of course."
Bonnie raised her brow, asking, "Are you sure you want to promise me that? Aren't you worried I might ask for something outrageous?"
Ivor said confidently, "Considering your character, I believe you're above that."
###Chapter 1366
Bonnie was stunned but then giggled and said, "Sure, I'll take a rain check on that favor. I'll contact you if I need it."
"You got it," Ivor responded smilingly. He had to admit working with the Nidhoggs was pleasant. That was mostly because "Bonnie" was forthright and delivered her promises immediately. She honored their contract, too.
Ivor enjoyed working with such people and hoped they could work together again next time.
"Since we're done talking, let's get out of the car. The views here are splendid. We'll feel much better strolling around." Bonnie wanted to clear her mind, but since "Ivor" was there, she figured she should invite him for a walk.
Either way, Ivor was not the talkative type, so his presence did not bother her much.
"Sure, Mr. Boyd." It seemed Ivor had seen through her. He opened the car door first and got out, saying, "I was thinking the same thing."
"Perfect," Bonnie responded faintly before exiting the car.
Once outside, they strolled ahead side by side. Meanwhile, Yasmine, who had been waiting for them to finish talking, saw them getting out of the car. She intended to approach "Bonnie" immediately but saw them walking together.
'I don't know if it's just me, but they complement each other. Looking at them together seems surprisingly harmonious. It's strange to think about it that way, but I felt it.'
Ultimately, Yasmine brushed it off as her imagining things. After all, Ivor and Bonnie commanded respect wherever they went. Yasmine also knew "Bonnie" and "Ivor" were married. She figured they could not be dating, especially since they were "men."
The thought of "Bonnie" being married made Yasmine feel sorrowful. The latter thought it was a shame she did not meet "Bonnie" earlier.
'I wonder if I could've been with Boyd if I had met him before his wife did. Still, I can't leave a meaningful impression on him now. Worse, I might not see him again.'
The more Yasmine thought about it, the sadder she felt. Then, she sighed heavily and frowned.
Later, Ivor, Floyd, and Yasmine got into the same car. Typically, Yasmine would be lively and noisy. However, she was quiet and brooding this time. All she did was rest her chin on her hand and look out the window.
Ivor's brows furrowed when he looked at her. He turned to Floyd and asked, "What's up with her?"
Floyd glanced at Yasmine and then whispered to Ivor, "She's worried she'll never see Mr. Boyd again once he returns home. She feels awful about it."
He glanced at Yasmine again and added, "I've known her a long time, but I've never seen her like that. It seems she's genuinely in love this time."
Ivor frowned and disagreed with Yasmine's actions.
Floyd continued, "I thought I told her Boyd is married. There's a big chance others will misunderstand Yasmine if she keeps this up."
Although Ivor felt terrible for Yasmine, that did not mean he would let her do something she should not. He said, "She knows that. Still, since when have people been able to control themselves when it comes to love?"
Floyd sighed. "I only hope Yasmine can get her mind straight once Mr. Boyd leaves. I can't get used to seeing her like that."
###Chapter 1367
Typically, Yasmine was the liveliest member of the organization. Everyone could depend on her to bring joy whenever she was around. Now that she was unhappy, Floyd felt uneasy and knew the other
members would feel the same, too.
Floyd thought, 'I'm sure the others will feel sad when they see her like this.'
"Jeez..." Ivor shook his head, not knowing what to say.
'It's true. We can't stop ourselves from falling in love. I was just like this when I met Bonnie. Before I knew it, I was already deeply in love with her. I also knew to keep my head together, but I couldn't control my heart.'
Ivor fell deeper in love whenever Bonnie showed sadness or joy. Eventually, he decided to let go and let his heart have what it wanted. Simultaneously, he was glad to stop suppressing his emotions. Otherwise, he would not have the happiness he had with Bonnie now.
Even so, Yasmine's situation far differed from Ivor's. After all, he and Bonnie loved each other while "Boyd" had no feelings for Yasmine. Moreover, "he was a married man."
'Things will end terribly if Yasmine forces herself into Boyd's marriage. I should do my best to stop her from making that mistake. Everything will return to how it should be once Boyd goes home.'
Although Yasmine seemed to be daydreaming, she heard the two men talking. Even so, she did not know what they were talking about. She also figured she would become more depressed if she kept thinking about Boyd.
'I should chat with Boss. That'll help me feel better.'
With that in mind, Yasmine turned to Ivor and asked, "What are you two talking about?"
Ivor glanced at her and responded calmly, "Nothing much. Just shooting the breeze."
"Really?" Evidently, she did not believe him. She had a hunch that Ivor and Floyd were gossiping about her but did not want to tell her about it.
"Mhm," Ivor responded briefly.
Yasmine thought, 'Way to go, Boss. You ended the conversation so quickly. It was a mistake trying to chat with him, after all. I should continue daydreaming.'
Then, she had an idea and looked at Ivor excitedly, saying, "I noticed you and my savior having a pleasant chat earlier. What did you guys talk about? Did you tell you when he's going home? Did he mention where he lives?"
Ivor stared at her coldly. "Why are you asking me such questions?"
Yasmine avoided his gaze and stammered, "I-I wasn't doing anything."
"I know what you're trying to do, Yasmine." Ivor frowned. "You know Boyd is a married man, so get rid of those wrongful feelings."
###Chapter 1368
Yasmine already felt downhearted because Boyd would return home soon. Now that Ivor spoke to her harshly, she felt sorry for herself.
"I wish I could stop these feelings, but I just can't control them! It feels like someone punched him in the gut when I think about him leaving and that I might never see him again." Yasmine began to tear up as she looked at Ivor helplessly.
She added, "You keep telling me to suppress my feelings, but let's say you fell in love with your wife at first sight. Then, you find out she's married. Would you give up on her, or would you keep trying to win her heart?"
Ivor was stunned. After all, Yasmine asked an excellent question.
'I don't even have to think about it. I already know my answer. I wouldn't care if Bonnie was married or not. I'd still try to win her over, no matter what. That said, Yasmine's situation is different from mine.' Ivor was in the middle of his thoughts when he heard Yasmine's voice, "I know you won't give up trying. You wouldn't stop until she's yours, right?"
Ivor did not deny it. On the contrary, he admitted, "You're right. I wouldn't give up trying."
Then, he squinted and continued, "However, if I managed to win her heart, that means she was unhappy with her marriage. If she's willing to be with me, I wouldn't mind her being a divorcee. On the contrary, I'd love her even more.
"That said, I won't force it if I can't win her heart. I'd just wish her happiness and keep my distance from her."
It was just a simple hypothesis, a harmless imagination. Even so, the thought of Bonnie being married to someone else felt like someone had stabbed Ivor's heart. At that moment, he realized how grateful he was to be married to her.
Yasmine clenched her fists and said firmly, "Well, I'm the same way with Boyd! I don't want to let him go!"
Ivor felt a headache coming on. He massaged his temples in thought before saying solemnly, "Boyd has rejected you several times now. That should tell you what you need to know. He saved you out of kindness. Have you considered that? What if you keep bugging him, and he starts hating you?”
Yasmine understood her boss's meaning, but she could not control herself. "This will be the last time I bug him. It doesn't matter if he ends up disliking me. After all, we won't see each other anymore." She dared not say the next part aloud, so she muttered, "That's why I must be courageous this time and get closure."
Ivor did not hear the last part. He frowned and asked, "What was that?"
Yasmine feared he would see through her and felt a pang of panic. She then shook her head and said, "I-It's nothing."
Ivor instinctively reminded her, "I've told you not to do anything stupid countless times, Yasmine."
"Okay, I understand." Although she seemed obedient, she did not mean what she said. She had a plan and would not tell her boss about it.
'It's between me and Boyd. I must decide what to do myself. If I tell the boss what I'm about to do, he'll only try to stop me.'
###Chapter 1369
Yasmine thought, 'I must do everything possible to keep my plan a secret.'
Ivor knew she was not the type to stay put, so he reminded her, "You promised me. Otherwise, I'll lock you up at headquarters for six months and cut you off from the outside world. You'll remain in your cell and can't go anywhere else."
That was the harshest form of punishment for someone as cheerful as Yasmine. However, Ivor did not do it just to punish her. Instead, he was trying to keep her from acting recklessly.
Meanwhile, Yasmine feared Ivor seeing through her. She nodded and agreed, "All right, I hear you. I promise not to do anything rash."
Ivor nodded reluctantly. "Mhm."
Then, Yasmine continued to look out the window and feel the wind on her face, thinking, 'What I can do to give Boyd an unforgettable memory before he leaves? It's the last time I'll be brave for myself and disobey my boss.'
Yasmine knew she would not feel better if she did not do anything before Boyd returned home. She wanted to take action and did not want to have any regrets.
Collin told Bonnie all about Yasmine, "Chief, how are you so charismatic? You even made Yasmine fall head over heels for you. It looks like she won't quit until she wins you over." Bonnie glanced sidelong at him and asked, "Do you think that's appropriate?"
Collin scratched his head and considered what he said. Once he was sure he had said nothing wrong, he responded, "I don't think it is, Chief. On the contrary, it's pretty fitting." Bonnie rolled her eyes and said, "Did you forget I'm a woman?!"
"Yeah, you are, but Yasmine doesn't know. You can't tell me she isn't in love with you." Collin thought his words were tame and not overdramatic.
Then, he thought of something and added, "That reminds me, she even asked me where you're going next. I didn't tell her and instead told her to ask you herself. Did she ask you anything?"
"Not at all," Bonnie said before looking at Collin doubtfully. "Wait a minute. How did Yasmine find out I'm not from Yale and will be going elsewhere? Did you let something slip?"
The more Bonnie thought about it, the more she figured she was right. "Did you also tell her I'm flying back to Pyralis?"
###Chapter 1370
Collin hurriedly waved when he saw Bonnie's doubtful gaze. He explained, "I-I said nothing like that, Chief! I know Pyralis is a key factor in keeping your real identity hidden. I'm not foolish enough to tell Yasmine something like that."
"Then, what happened?" Bonnie squinted, looking imposing.
Although Collin did not expose her secret, he still felt intimidated. "V-Vic told Yasmine about it."
Bonnie recalled what she had told Ivor. "I just mentioned it to him when we were chatting. I didn't think he'd be so nosy and tell Yasmine."
"Vic is Yasmine's boss, after all. He noticed how obsessed she was with you. Of course, he'd let some information slip." Collin thought that was an expected outcome.
Bonnie helplessly sighed and said, "Forget about it. There's nothing I can do now that he told her about it. Either way, I'll be leaving in two days. Whatever he told Yasmine won't affect my trip home." Collin asked curiously, "How will you deal with Yasmine?"
Since Yasmine was unusually obsessed with Bonnie, the former might not give up if Bonnie failed to handle the situation appropriately.
Bonnie looked at Collin in puzzlement, "How will I deal with her? I never considered that."
Collin told Bonnie about his concern, "Why? Considering how she acted, she might chase you to Pyralis if you leave without talking to her."
Bonnie frowned. She would have thought that would be ridiculous if it were anyone else. However, she knew Yasmine was crazy enough to do something like that. The former knew Yasmine had always been unpredictable, too. Moreover, Ivor could barely control her.
"Yasmine will look for me once I return to the hotel. She'll then ask me where I live, and that's when I'll level with her." Bonnie felt a headache as she spoke, evidently distressed about Yasmine.
Collin nodded in agreement, saying, "I think that's an excellent idea, Chief."
Bonnie felt helpless. "It would be great if she weren't so obsessed with me. Then, I wouldn't have to worry so much."
'Is that what a troublesome admirer looks like? I wish I could tell Yasmine I'm a woman. Then, I won't have to do much, and she'll give up on her own. I can't do that because everyone knows the Nidhoggs' leader is a man.'
Bonnie had too many things to consider and would not make such a desperate move unless she had to.
Collin shrugged and added, "It'd be great if I were as charismatic as you, Chief. That way, I won't have to worry about staying single for the rest of my life."
Although he thought Bonnie sounded like she was boasting, Collin knew she felt genuinely troubled with Yasmine. After all, Yasmine was not the only person trying to win Bonnie's heart.
She felt a headache and massaged her temples again, saying, "That's because you're not looking for a partner. Stop blaming your lack of charisma. Nonetheless, I want to give closure to Yasmine, or I won't be able to rest, even if I'm back home."
Bonnie had used too much effort to keep Yale a secret from Ivor. It would all be for naught if he found out because she failed to handle Yasmine properly.
"I agree, Chief. If you don't deal with her well, she might do something drastic. You know how she is. She's no stranger to crazy stunts."
###Chapter 1371
"I know that." Bonnie felt another headache. "That's enough of that. I need time to process all this."
"You got it, Chief," Collin responded.
When they finally reached the hotel, Bonnie lay on the bed to sleep when someone knocked on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
Bonnie went to look through the peephole and saw Yasmine. The former thought she would look for Yasmine if she did not come to see her. However, Yasmine was already at Bonnie's doorstep.
'I need to talk to Yasmine about my departure and her crush on me anyway. I won't beat around the bush this time and end her obsession with me.'
With that in mind, Bonnie sighed and opened the door, saying, "Come in."
Yasmine did not think Bonnie would invite her into the room. The former was overjoyed, asking, "W-Wait, you're letting me in?"
"Of course I am. What did you think I meant?" Bonnie feigned confusion and looked around the hallway. "Is anyone else here?"
Yasmine's eyes sparkled as she said, "No, but it's my first time seeing your room, Mr. Boyd."
The former entered and exclaimed, "Of course, the room is clean and tidy. That so like you."
Bonnie's lips twitched. "I came here a minute ago, so the staff cleaned it up before I arrived."
She knew Yasmine admired her, but that compliment was unnecessary. It did not matter what it was, but Yasmine would always find a way to praise Bonnie. The latter felt awkward and did not know how to respond.
On the other hand, Yasmine did not feel awkward. "Anyway, your room is much cleaner and tidier than most! There's also a subtle, sweet scent in here."
Bonnie's eyelids twitched this time. "All right, that's enough. You still haven't told me why you're here, Yasmine."
"I came looking for you because..." Yasmine bit her lip, at a loss for words, when she saw "Bonnie's" handsome face so close to her. Yasmine had mentally prepared herself before coming. However, just looking at "Bonnie" made her freeze.
Bonnie waited for Yasmine to continue, but it took a while. The former grew slightly impatient and got to the point, saying, "Did you come to ask me where I'm going once I leave Yale? Do you plan on visiting me next time?"
###Chapter 1372
"Yeah, I do!" Yasmine exclaimed excitedly, "You brought it up before I could. Is it because you decided to tell me where you're going?"
She brimmed with eagerness, looking forward to "Bonnie's" answer. Although the latter had decided to reject Yasmine's advances, Yasmine looked so hopeful that Bonnie could not bear to do it.
Instead, Bonnie decided to go easy on Yasmine and tell the latter about the situation first. If that failed, Bonnie would have to reject Yasmine outright. However, Bonnie felt hopeless and troubled as that was the most merciful way she could use to minimize Yasmine's pain.
The former tried to sound gentle, saying, "I might be leaving Yale, but I'll be back next time. We'll have plenty of chances to meet then, so it doesn't matter where I go. We're not saying goodbye forever." Yasmine saw through Bonnie's words and began to tear up. "If we can see each other again, why won't you tell me where you're going? Do you hate me and can't wait to shake me off?" Yasmine was a famous and beloved celebrity at Yale. In the past, she could always do whatever she wanted. "Bonnie" was the only person in her life who made her question things. However, Yasmine could not help herself. She did not want to give up on her only chance with "Bonnie."
The latter massaged her temples, saying, "I don't hate you. My identity is tied to many things, and I don't like revealing my whereabouts to anyone because it'll affect me."
Yasmine choked up, looking pitiful. "B-But I just want to know where you're going. I won't bother you or anything."
"Yasmine, you're impulsive and don't care about the consequences of your actions. I bet you know that about yourself, too. It's a massive risk to tell you where I'm going next. That's why I can't tell you anything. I'm sorry."
Bonnie knew her words were hurtful, but that was the truth. She had to tell Yasmine these things, or the latter would never see her concern.
Yasmine felt guilty after hearing what Bonnie said. The former cleared her throat and said, "I-I might've been a little impulsive recently, but I only acted that way because of you. I'm usually not that impulsive." She tried to reclaim herself with Bonnie, but the latter had plenty of firsthand experiences with Yasmine's reckless behavior. Yasmine could say whatever she wanted, but it would not help her case. Bonnie said, "It's like you said. You get impulsive because of me. Don't you think you'll continue to be like that if I tell you where I'm going next?"
Yasmine was confused. Everything Bonnie said brought her down, and she could not retort even if she wanted to.
Bonnie noticed Yasmine's silence and added, "You shouldn't obsess over where I'm going. We'll meet each other again if fate wills it."
Yasmine stared at Bonnie with teary eyes. However, the former fought back her tears and stopped them from dropping. "I genuinely want to see you again, Mr. Boyd. I know I shouldn't do this because you're married, but I can't control myself."
Suddenly, she gave in to her impulses and tried to hug Bonnie. The latter noticed Yasmine's actions and held Yasmine's shoulders.
###Chapter 1373
"That's enough, Yasmine. I don't want to hate you, so please don't do anything to make me hate you."
Yasmine froze and began to cry. "I-I know you don't want to tell me where you're going, but aren't you going to hug me goodbye? I didn't mean anything by it. I just wanted to hold you for a while before you leave."
Bonnie did not want to hug Yasmine goodbye because she did not want the latter to misinterpret it. Bonnie wanted to avoid giving Yasmine hope. Suddenly, the latter darted forward and hugged Bonnie. Even so, Yasmine did not do anything out of line. She merely hugged Bonnie for a second before letting go. At that moment, Yasmine slipped something into Bonnie's palm.
Before Bonnie could see what it was, Yasmine said, "Since you're leaving and don't want to tell me where, I'll surprise you before you go. It's also because I don't want to have regrets. Take this with you and come to my room tonight. I'll be waiting."
"Um..." Bonnie was speechless and could not help but grumble internally.
'She's acting so mysterious. What the hell did she give me?'
Bonnie opened her hand and saw a c***. Although she was usually calm, she could not help but blush when she saw what Yasmine had given her.
'How desperate is she?! Yasmine knows I'm married but still gave me a c***. I know she thinks I'm a man, but I'm baffled!'
At that moment, she saw a tall figure approaching and instinctively motioned to hide the c*** in her pocket. To Bonnie's surprise, she heard "Ivor's" charming voice before she could tuck away the c***, "Don't bother. I saw it."
Bonnie stood there awkwardly, unable to hide the c***. "Um, for the record, it's not mine. Yasmine just gave it to me."
"She gave you this?!" Ivor's heart dropped. "She has gone too far!"
He thought Yasmine would have taken his advice after he lectured her. Instead, she kept pushing his buttons by disobeying him.
Bonnie feared Ivor would punish Yasmine. Although the latter's actions were inappropriate, Bonnie still defended her, "Maybe Yasmine was worried she could no longer see me because I'd be leaving soon. She must've given me this in a panic. You shouldn't get mad at her, Mr. Vic."
###Chapter 1374
Ivor sighed and extended his hand toward "Bonnie," saying, "Give me the c***. I'll get rid of it."
"All right." Bonnie did not argue and did as "Ivor" said. She was just wondering where to throw the c*** and was glad Ivor offered to get rid of it.
Ivor tucked it into his pocket and said, "I apologize for Yasmine's actions. I did a terrible job controlling her, and you paid for it instead. Don't worry. I'll handle her now."
Bonnie yawned and responded, "Sure, I shouldn't stick my nose in your organization's affairs. Do what you think is best. I'm tired, so I'm going to rest now. You should return to your hotel to get some sleep, too."
"Of course." Ivor nodded, turned, and left.
...
Later that night, Yasmine wore a skimpy nightgown and waited in her room. However, Bonnie had yet to show up, even as dawn approached. Yasmine knew the chances of "Bonnie" coming were slim to none, but the former stayed up and waited.
Yasmine felt hurt. She sighed and muttered, "I'll never see Boyd again. I can only bid him farewell before he leaves. That'll be the last time I see him."
Suddenly, she heard someone knocking on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
"Is that him?" Yasmine lit up. She was so excited that she did not even check the peephole before opening the door. To her surprise, she saw Floyd standing at the entrance instead.
"Ahh!" Yasmine yelped and quickly shut the door. Then, she found a coat and wore it.
Meanwhile, Floyd blushed. He never expected to see Yasmine wearing such a skimpy outfit. He stood there and waited for a while before Yasmine finally opened the door again. This time, she looked much calmer than him.
"Do you know what time it is, Floyd? Can I help you with something?"
Floyd reached into his pocket and grabbed what Ivor had given him earlier. The former cleared his throat and said, "Mr. Vic told me to give this to you."
Yasmine saw the c*** and snatched it from Floyd. "Didn't I give this to Mr. Boyd? Why did the boss have it instead?"
She knew Ivor would find out about it sooner or later, but not that soon.
Floyd relayed Ivor's message, "I don't know, Yasmine. Still, the boss says he wants you to stop chasing Mr. Boyd. You'll only hurt yourself." Yasmine became teary-eyed, looking devastated.
###Chapter 1375
"I-I was just trying to be brave for once. How is that wrong?"
Floyd sighed helplessly. "It's not wrong to love someone, Yasmine. Your problem is falling in love with someone you can't have. Worse, Mr. Boyd is married. Mr. Vic said he's also in love and knows what you're experiencing. That's why he won't punish you this time.
"He wants you to reflect on your mistakes and work through your emotions. After all, your life isn't just about Mr. Boyd. You have so much going for you and shouldn't be so obsessed with him."
Ivor told Floyd to say those things to Yasmine, but Floyd added some stuff. Moreover, Floyd had known Yasmine for a long time and did not want her to feel depressed.
Yasmine sniffled and fought to suppress her tears. "I-I understand."
She finally realized Ivor and Bonnie were right all along. Even so, Yasmine could not stop falling in love with Boyd. At that moment, Yasmine thought it no longer mattered as she would never see Boyd again. "Yasmine, I've told you everything our boss told me to say to you. Get some rest. I'll take my leave now." Floyd nodded and left.
Yasmine closed the door and went to sit in a corner. She held her knees and cried, muttering, "I rarely fall in love with someone. I'm a mess now that I did. Why did it have to be like this?"
Ivor could hear her crying as he stood in the hallway. He pursed his lips helplessly and said, "I promised Yasmine's brother I'd care for her and never make her sad, but I have no other solution." Floyd reassured him, "You've done much for Yasmine, boss. Love is like an animal. It's great if you can tame it, but you can only lick your wounds if you can't. You can't do anything to spare her from heartache."
Ivor glanced sideways at Floyd, saying, "When did you become so insightful about relationships? Do you have a girlfriend I don't know about?"
Floyd's lips twitched. "I've been occupied with work, boss. Do You think I have time for a girlfriend?"
Although he would have liked to have a girlfriend, he did not have time to meet women.
Ivor questioned, "Are you trying to say I'm getting in your way by giving you too much work? Is that why you don't have time for relationships? That must be your way of asking me to reduce your workload." "That's not true at all, Mr. Ivor!" Floyd waved. "You're overthinking it. I'd never abandon my job for a relationship. I love my job!"
Ivor sighed. "Did you just hear yourself?"
Although Ivor was a business owner, he knew no employee would ever say they loved their job. He knew Floyd was lying.
The latter cleared his throat and heard Yasmine continue to cry, so he changed the subject, "Um, she's crying her heart out. Should we try to comfort her?"
"That won't be necessary," Ivor said calmly, "Let her vent her frustrations. Hopefully, she will give up on Boyd for good. Yasmine must do this alone."
Floyd nodded. Then, he thought of something and said smilingly, "We've been at Yale for a long time now, Mr. Ivor. Are you happy you finally get to go home to Ms. Bonnie?"
###Chapter 1376
Ivor's eyes were brimming with affection when Floyd mentioned Bonnie. Then, he turned his head and looked at Floyd the way he would a fool. "Why bother stating the obvious?"
Floyd remained quiet. 'Uh...I guess I asked a stupid question.'
Ivor realized that Floyd wasn't saying anything. So, he turned around and left. "Let's move. We'll give Yasmine some privacy so she can calm down."
Floyd returned to his senses and responded hastily, "You got it, Mr. Ivor."
The next day, Bonnie was packing her stuff in the hotel room when Collin opened the door and came in.
"I've booked the flight for you, chief. Are you sure you won't be taking the private plane back?"
Bonnie shook her head. "I'm not in a hurry to go back. It's good that I take a normal flight instead. That way, I can enjoy the view."
"Alright. I'll tell them not to prepare the private plane, then." Collin lowered his head and sent a text.
Then, Collin watched as Bonnie packed. Suddenly, something popped into his mind. "There's something I've been trying to figure out, chief."
"Hmm?" Bonnie stopped in her tracks. "What is it?"
"Well..." Collin hesitated and rubbed the back of his head.
"We could've gotten the chip back from Billy's organization by ourselves. Why let the Dark Knights tag along?"
'Although I have a much better opinion of the Dark Knights now, I still believe they took advantage of us with the chip.
'Bonnie did all the work. The Dark Knights didn't pull their weight at all. Then, Bonnie went ahead and lent the chip to the Dark Knights. Honestly, I don't understand why she did that.
'I know we made an agreement, but that doesn't mean we should just hand over the chip to them. We should've kept them on the hook a little longer and made it hard for them to get it.' Bonnie raised her eyebrow. "Given the way things are, how could you ask something so monumentally stupid?"
A hint of embarrassment flashed in his eyes. "I'm sorry, chief. I just don't get why you did it."
Bonnie shook her head helplessly. She stuffed her last piece of clothing into the suitcase and zipped it up.
She sat in the chair and looked at Collin before explaining everything to him.
###Chapter 1377
"Fine. I'll spell it out for you. Before I do, I have a question for you," Bonnie said.
Collin asked, confused, "What is it?"
"Which one do you think Billy found more threatening? Is it one international organization or two?"
"Why, of course... two international organizations would've presented a bigger threat," Collin answered.
He could guess why Bonnie asked him this question, but he still did not have a full theory.
"That's right. Billy was facing double the stress when he found out that two international organizations were working together and investigating him! The stress was what motivated him to crack the chip faster. Anxious people are more likely to reveal their vulnerability.
"I was able to exploit that vulnerability and turn it to my advantage. That's how I was able to complete the mission."
Bonnie paused a little before she continued, "Also, what if Billy had another trick up his sleeve, and we don't have the Dark Knights backing us up at the last stretch?
"Won't our people be hit with a surprise attack? Let's paint a more grim picture. What if we suffered heavy casualties?
"Having another ally in a situation like this ensures our safety as well. That's why the Dark Knights have served their purpose. In fact, they have helped us a great deal."
At first, Collin didn't see it. Now that Bonnie had explained everything to him, he saw it immediately.
"I've said this before, but I'm always impressed when you explain something confounding. You have truly thought of everything, chief. All I could see was what was on the surface." "It's okay. You'll come to understand these things in the future."
Bonnie was still talking when she crouched and checked if she left something out.
Just as she was checking, something popped into her mind. She raised her head and asked, "Anyway, do you want to return to Pyralis with me?"
Collin hesitated a little before he shook his head.
He responded, "I'm not going back there this time. There are a lot of things left to do at the organization. I also have to make arrangements for Falcon's parents.
"If both of us aren't around, the organization is going to fall into chaos. I'm going to do what I have to do first. I'll hit you up after that."
"Attaboy." Bonnie reached out and patted Collin on the shoulder. She gave him an approving look. "You're getting more and more responsible. It looks like I made the right choice when I left the Nidhogg Organization in your charge!
"Alright. I'll wait for you to settle things and meet you after that. I'll introduce you to Ivor."
"Huh? Are you really going to introduce me to Ivor?" Collin felt very uneasy all of a sudden. "I wonder if Ivor will misunderstand our relationship."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "You're overthinking it. We have great trust in each other..."
She trailed off into silence and paused a little. Then, she scanned Collin from top to bottom.
"Moreover, it's obvious that you're not my type. He won't see you as a threat. At most, he'll feel a little jealous when he knows how close we are."
Collin heard what she said and his lips twitched. Then he touched his face while looking doubtful.
"Am I that bad, chief?"
"Not at all."
Collin was feeling a little gloomy, but his eyes glinted when he heard what Bonnie said.
'I knew it! I'm still quite excellent in Bonnie's eyes.'
However, Collin's good feelings didn't last more than two seconds. His smile froze when he heard what Bonnie said next.
"You're not that bad, but you don't hold a candle to Ivor."
###Chapter 1378
Collin's lips twitched fiercely. He held his chest as if someone stabbed his heart.
"Be nice, chief. Why do you always have to attack me?"
Bonnie's lips curled into a grin. She raised her eyebrow and said, "I'm just telling the truth. When have I attacked you?"
Collin's lips twitched again.
'Bonnie should have stayed quiet. She made it so much worse with her response.'
She was still chatting with Collin when she was done checking everything she had packed. Once she was sure she didn't miss out on anything, she checked her watch. "It's about time. Take me to the airport."
Collin regained his composure and nodded. "You got it, chief."
With that, he carried her suitcase. "Let's hit the road."
"Okay," Bonnie responded quietly and walked behind Collin.
Both of them went into the elevator as a figure snuck out of the corner of the wall.
Yasmine wore big sunglasses and hid in the corner. She watched as Bonnie disappeared into the elevator. Her eyes filled with longing.
'Ah... Boyd has left for real. He's gone. I can never see him again.'
Yasmine was wallowing in her sorrow when she heard Floyd's voice.
"If you want to see Boyd so much, then why don't you see him off at the airport?"
"Eek!"
Yasmine was frightened. She then regained her composure and turned around to glare at Floyd.
"Why didn't you make any sound? You almost scared the life out of me!"
Floyd was also startled when Yasmine turned her head around.
"You know everyone here, Yasmine. Why are you wearing a mask and sunglasses?"
Floyd shouldn't have brought it up because it brought out the resentment in Yasmine. "It's all your fault!"
"Huh?" Floyd pointed at his chest, feeling dumbfounded. "Wait a minute. What did I do?"
"If Boyd had shown up last night instead of you, do you think my eyes would've turned into this?"
Yasmine said it angrily as she pouted. She took off her sunglasses.
"Holy..." Floyd saw her swollen eyes and couldn't help but gasp. "Yasmine. Just how long have you been crying last night?"
"That's why I said it's all your fault! If you hadn't shown up last night, I wouldn't have cried my eyes out!" Yasmine glared at Floyd with resentment.
###Chapter 1379
"But... I was just following orders." Floyd scratched the back of his head innocently.
'I merely carried out Ivor's order to look for Yasmine last night. I wouldn't have done it otherwise. But now she's blaming it on me."
"The point is, it's your fault." Yasmine knew she had said the wrong thing. So her eyes shifted.
It wasn't as if Yasmine hadn't done something similar in the past. Floyd treated her as a younger sister, just like Ivor did.
That was why he didn't get mad at Yasmine. Instead, he went along with her.
"Alright, okay. It's all my fault. I shouldn't have shown up at your door last night."
Yasmine could tell that Floyd was soothing her. So, she reluctantly relaxed a little. "You know it."
Floyd stared at her red, swollen eyes. Then, something popped into his mind. "Are you not seeing Boyd off at the airport because of your swollen eyes?" "Yeah..." Yasmine pursed her lips, readily admitting it.
"This might be the last time we'll see each other. I want to leave a good impression on him. So, I don't want to see him when I look this hideous."
"So, that's what it is." Floyd nodded in understanding.
They were still chatting when they heard a buzzing sound.
Floyd's phone, which was in his pocket, started vibrating. He answered the call immediately.
"Hello? What do you need, Mr. Vic?"
He heard Ivor's charming voice from the other end of the phone. "I need you to look for Yasmine and tell her to find me."
"I'm with Yasmine right now. I'll tell her."
"Okay." Ivor hung up the phone.
Floyd tucked his phone away and looked at Yasmine. "You probably heard what he told me, Yasmine. He wants you to go see him."
"Why does he want to see me?" Yasmine thought back to what happened last night and had a hunch.
"Is he going to teach me a lesson because I gave Boyd a packet of c***?"
Yasmine was finally feeling a little cheerful earlier. Now, her face fell again. "This is the worst day of my life. Not only am I not able to see Boyd off at the airport, but I have to take a punishment from the boss. "Gah! Why do bad things keep happening to me?"
Floyd looked at her ashen face, and couldn't help but comfort her.
"I don't think that's what it is... I think he called you over for something else. It's not necessarily because he wants to punish you.
"Don't overthink it. He wouldn't have asked me to return the packet of c*** to you otherwise."
Based on Ivor's instructions yesterday, it isn't likely that he would dish out punishment to Yasmine.
"I promised him that I'd behave and that I wouldn't do anything out of line. However, I deliberately disobeyed his orders.
Floyd remained quiet for a brief moment. "Well. You have to meet up with him."
"I guess you're right." Yasmine scratched her head, feeling frustrated. "I have to see him. Things will only get worse for me if I don't show up." With that, she took a deep breath and walked courageously toward Ivor's room.
"Pray for me, Floyd. Pray that I won't suffer too terribly."
Floyd's lips twitched fiercely. "I don't think it'll be that bad..."
Yasmine didn't respond to him. She had already reached Ivor's hotel room and knocked.
Soon, Yasmine heard Ivor's voice.
"Come in."
###Chapter 1380
Yasmine took a deep breath again. Then, she mustered up her courage and opened the door.
"Hi, boss. F-Floyd told me you were looking for me."
She was so nervous that she couldn't help but stutter.
Ivor, who was going through some documents, raised his eyes and looked at her dryly.
"Are you scared now? Why weren't you scared when you gave Boyd the c***?"
Yasmine put on a look that said, "I knew it."
As expected, Ivor called her over because of what happened last night.
"Boyd is leaving soon. So, I just wanted to be brave for myself for once, boss. I was worried that you'd get mad if you found out. So, I didn't plan on letting you know. But you ended up finding out about it eventually..."
Yasmine's voice trailed off. Her head also hung lower by the second. Obviously, she didn't dare look Ivor in the eye.
'I know I'm in the wrong here, but I have to defend myself.'
"Heh..." Ivor's lips curled into a sneer.
Yasmine lowered her head even further when she heard him.
'Normally, Vic sneering is a sign that he's getting mad. I can't look at him. I'm too scared to do it..."
Ivor saw through her. He composed himself and spoke calmly. "Judging by your tone, you're sorry that it didn't happen."
"Heh heh..." Yasmine chuckled dryly before shaking her head vehemently. "I wouldn't dare, Vic. That's not what I meant. I swear it."
Ivor stared profoundly at her. He didn't tear his gaze away until her expression became stiff.
"I wouldn't have forgiven you this easily if this had happened under normal circumstances. However, Boyd did say that he's not going to hold you accountable for what happened.
"So, I'm going to do the same. I called you over for something else."
Yasmine let out a sigh of relief and felt a weight being lifted from her.
'Thank the Heavens! It doesn't matter what he wants to talk about, as long as he's willing to look past what happened last night.
'With that said, he's not holding me responsible because that's what Boyd did. Boyd is truly my savior!
Now that Yasmine was relaxed, her expression wasn't as stiff as before. "Well, then. Why did you call me over?"
Ivor looked at Yasmine. "I've bought a flight ticket, and the plane is taking off now. Do you want to fly to Pyralis with me?"
"Huh?"
Yasmine was stunned. Once she came back to her senses, she asked, confused, "Why do you want to take me to Pyralis out of nowhere? Are you worried that I'll get into messes here and stir up trouble for you?"
Ivor's lips twitched gently.
He remained quiet for a brief moment before he said, "It looks like you do know your place."
"I've always known my place when you're around." Yasmine blinked at him and looked innocent.
Ivor shook his head. Then, something popped into his mind, and he composed himself. He wore a solemn expression.
###Chapter 1381
"Have you forgotten about it? Your brother's death anniversary is in a few days. You've always gone back to Pyralis yourself. Now that I'm around, I thought I'd invite you to come along with me. "At least you won't feel too awful when you're on the flight back to Pyralis."
Yasmine pursed her lips as a hint of melancholy flashed in her eyes. "I would've forgotten about it if you didn't bring it up. My brother's death anniversary is upon us again."
Ivor looked at Yasmine's ashen face and felt a little bad as well.
'Her brother wouldn't have died if he wasn't trying to protect me. Yasmine also wouldn't have had to be alone at Yale for such a long time.'
"I'm sorry, Yasmine. I—"
To Ivor's surprise, Yasmine cut him off before he could finish his sentence.
"Then, I guess I can go back to Pyralis with you. I know you've always felt lousy over that incident, boss. But I've never blamed you for it. So, don't overthink it." Then, Yasmine flashed him a relieved smile.
"It wasn't your fault, boss. However, that doesn't stop you from looking after me on my brother's behalf for such a long time.
"You made it possible for me to find my place in Yale, and gain the required skills to establish a life here. You're the reason I am where I am today.
"I would've ended up in some nasty place if it wasn't for you. Not only do I not blame you, but I'm very thankful.
"So, don't treat yourself too harshly. If you're sad, I'm sad."
Ivor was aware that Yasmine had never blamed him for what happened to her brother. But he was still shocked when he heard her say it.
He stared at her with unblinking eyes. For a moment there, he didn't know what he should say.
Yasmine tried to lighten up the mood.
"Are you very moved by what I said, boss? If you dig it, I'll make sure to tell you more in the future."
Ivor heard what she said and chuckled.
Then, he took a plane ticket from the drawer. He had prepared it beforehand.
"Take it. We're boarding in an hour."
"I appreciate it, boss!" Yasmine smiled and took the plane ticket. Then, something popped into her mind.
"Speaking of, you and your wife have been together for a long time, but I don't even know what she looks like. You have to introduce me to her when we get back to Pyralis." Ivor nodded and said, "Okay."
"Given your good taste, I'm certain that your wife is extremely beautiful."
Yasmine made a heart shape with her hands. "Yippee. I can't wait to get close to your beautiful wife."
Ivor immediately thought of how Yasmine kept pestering Boyd.
He was worried that she would do the same thing to Bonnie. So, he looked at her warily.
"She's my wife! Don't even think about it!"
"Sigh..." Yasmine waved nonchalantly. "Both of us are ladies. It doesn't matter if I get close with her."
The wariness in his eyes grew. "My point is, you'll obey me and behave if you want me to introduce her to you. Otherwise, I won't let you guys see each other."
Yasmine pursed her lips in dissatisfaction, but she agreed to it eventually. "Understood, boss."
###Chapter 1382
Yasmine might've said what she said, but she couldn't help but grumble internally.
'If Vic cherishes his wife to this extent, she has to be the most beautiful woman on the planet. If that's the case, I have to see her.
'I'm not coming back to Yale if I don't see Vic's wife! I'm going to pester him until he agrees to let me see her.'
Ivor saw how Yasmine was still standing there after he had finished talking. He frowned.
"You said you were coming back to Pyralis with me. So, why aren't you hurrying off to pack up your stuff? Are you not planning on taking anything with you?"
"Geez." Yasmine smacked her head. "It's a good thing you remind me. Otherwise, I would've forgotten about something this important.
"Give me a minute. I'll pack up my stuff now."
Then, she ran out of his room in a hurry.
Ivor watched as she left, and he shook his head.
He recalled what she said earlier, and his lips curled into a grin.
"Yasmine might've been mischievous, but she knows how to be grateful. This makes it worth it for me to keep tolerating her temper.
'Of course, it doesn't matter if Yasmine blames me for her brother's death. I'll still keep my promise to him and take good care of her.' Seven hours later, Ivor and the others landed at Pyralis.
Yasmine went ahead to buy some beverages while Ivor and Floyd stood where they were and waited for her.
All of a sudden, Floyd saw something and said excitedly, "L-Look over there, Mr. Ivor. Is that Boyd?!"
"Boyd? Is he here at Pyralis as well?"
A hint of bewilderment flashed in Ivor's eyes. He followed Floyd's gaze and saw the slender figure.
He immediately confirmed that that was Boyd. There was no doubt about it. Ivor grew more bewildered when he realized it.
'I've asked Boyd multiple times about where he's from. However, he sidestepped my question and never give me a straight answer. Is this just a coincidence? Or, is it something else...?
'But it doesn't seem like Boyd followed us here. This would mean he actually lives in Pyralis as well. I have no idea which part of the city he lives in, though.
'Is it possible that he also lives in the capital?'
Ivor was in the middle of forming his theory when he heard Floyd's voice again.
"Mr. Boyd is leaving. Should we follow him?"
Ivor responded swiftly, "Follow him and see where he's going."
"Roger," Floyd responded and he went after Bonnie.
At the same time, Bonnie was with an underling, Angelo, whose job it was to escort her back safely. From the corner of his eye, he noticed a figure moving behind them.
His eyes darkened before he approached Bonnie and whispered, "Someone's following us, Mr. Boyd."
Bonnie squinted. She quietly followed Angelo's gaze and looked behind her.
She couldn't help but be stunned when she saw Floyd, who camouflaged himself.
"I can't believe it. Is that one of the Dark Knights? What are they following me for?"
###Chapter 1383
Angelo mulled it over and responded swiftly, "I think they probably took a flight to Pyralis as well. Then, they saw you by chance and got curious about where you're going next." "Hmm... That's a sound analysis." Bonnie rubbed her chin gently. "Vic has shown great interest in where I come from, but I managed to fool him."
'If Angelo hadn't reminded me, I would've completely forgotten about it. I have to say that Vic has such a strong curiosity.
'I've lent them the chip without any delay. I can't believe he'd send his man to find out where I'm going. I'm on my home turf. It's very annoying to have someone monitoring me here.' Angelo asked in confusion, "What do you think, Mr. Boyd? Should we ignore him, or...?"
He didn't finish his sentence because he wanted direction from Bonnie.
"Needless to say, we can't let them follow us," she said firmly. Then, something popped into her mind, and a hint of playfulness flashed in her eyes.
"Come over here. I'll tell you what to do."
Angelo leaned in, and Bonnie whispered something in his ear. Once she was done talking, he nodded in understanding.
"You got it, Mr. Boyd. I'll do as I'm told."
Bonnie reached out and patted him on the shoulder. "There's no need to feel nervous. Just do what you're supposed to do and follow my plan."
"Copy that." Angelo nodded again.
"Alright," Bonnie responded. Then, she snapped her finger. "Let's split up, then."
Angelo nodded and walked briskly in another direction. Meanwhile, Bonnie went into the restroom.
Floyd had been following them closely. He saw what happened and didn't follow Bonnie in. Instead, he waited in a corner that was near the restroom door.
'There's nothing to worry about. I'll just follow Boyd again when he's out of the restroom. Then, I'll find out where he's going.
'Once Boyd is done, he'll probably leave the airport and go to his next destination.
'Then, I'll have a pretty good idea about where he stays and report back to Ivor.'
Floyd was still in the middle of his thoughts when he saw something in a daze. All of a sudden, an elegant and beautiful lady boasting long hair walked out of the restroom.
At first, he was stunned. Then, he raised his head and looked at the sign that said it was a male restroom.
After that, Floyd looked at the graceful lady walking out of the restroom. He suddenly felt like he had seen something that expanded his worldview.
'Hot damn! Is that guy a cross-dresser? You just don't see this every day.
'This person looks quite beautiful. Actually, their looks aren't the biggest deal here. What matters more is that I actually find them familiar. It's like I've seen them before.'
Floyd was in the middle of his thoughts when Bonnie turned around abruptly and looked at him. All of a sudden, Floyd felt as if he had been charmed a little and shifted his gaze elsewhere.
'This is such an unbelievable feeling. Not even I know what happened exactly. All I can say is that this person is simply so enchanting that they managed to charm me.'
At that point, Floyd stopped his train of thought. He didn't forget about his task.
What was more important was that he had to monitor Boyd.
###Chapter 1384
Bonnie brushed past Floyd. She saw out of the corner of her eyes that he wasn't aware that she had left.
Her lips curled into a grin. 'This henchman is quite vigilant, but I'll bet he didn't expect me to come out of the restroom, looking like this. Tee-hee... I managed to shake off a stalker.' Bonnie's grin grew wider. She turned her gaze away from Floyd and picked up her pace.
To her surprise, she had just taken two steps ahead when she sensed a cold gaze on her.
Bonnie turned around as if she felt something.
She didn't expect to see a guy staring at her the moment she turned around. His eyes were gloomy and cold. It felt as if he could freeze people up with just one glance.
It was as if he could read people's minds and see through any and all intentions.
Bonnie was usually calm and collected. However, her heart couldn't help but race when the guy stared at her like that. She was feeling a little guilty, too.
What was more, Bonnie looked closer and saw that the guy was Vic!
'I might've successfully shaken off Vic's man. Judging by his stare, however, it won't be as easy to fool him. I have to get out of here, pronto. Otherwise, he might see through me!' Their gazes merely met for two seconds before Bonnie shifted her eyes away. She picked up her pace and left the place.
Yasmine, who was sitting next to Ivor, noticed how he was staring elsewhere. So, she immediately followed his gaze. She saw a lady with long hair and a rocking body. Her gaze gradually became a profound one.
Yasmine used her elbow to poke at Ivor's arm. He turned around to look at her calmly. "What's the matter?"
"Have you forgotten that you're a married man, boss? Why are you staring at another woman like that?
"How will you look your wife in the eye later? I know that lady has a curvaceous figure, but it's not right for you to do this!" Yasmine said.
Then, she stood up from her chair and blocked Ivor's vision.
"Nuh-uh! I have to stop you from doing this if I want to safeguard you and your wife's happiness. You have to stop staring at that lady."
Ivor's vision was obscured. His lips twitched in response. Then, he raised his head and stared at Yasmine profoundly.
"Do I look like someone who's that shallow?"
Yasmine rubbed her chin and trained her eyes on him. Then, she gave him an honest response and shook her head.
"You don't seem like a shallow person, but you did stare at that lady with unblinking eyes. It really makes me wonder if you're going to abandon your wife and fall in love with her." Ivor's lips twitched again.
Then, he shook his head and said, "What a sound analysis. I'd appreciate it if you didn't do it again."
Yasmine broke out laughing. "Hahaha! I didn't take you for a humorous guy."
She asked him again, "Then why did you keep staring at that lady, boss?"
"Don't you find her frame extremely familiar?" Ivor thought back to the moment when he met the lady's eyes.
'The expression she wore looked so familiar at that moment. It's as if I've seen her before. However, I can't remember where I've seen her.'
###Chapter 1385
Yasmine gave it a long, hard thought and shook her head.
"I don't quite remember it, and I don't find her familiar, either. Moreover, her b*** are so big and bouncy. I'm sure I won't forget her if I've actually seen her."
Ivor looked at her with an inexplicable gaze. "Sometimes, you make me wonder if you're actually a girl. You just keep looking at the strangest things ever."
"Come on, boss... I'm just telling the truth. If I've seen someone as gorgeous as that lady, I'll surely remember her."
Ivor felt a headache coming on and rubbed his temples. "Forget it. I can't be bothered to talk about this further with you. I'm staring at that lady because her frame reminds me of Boyd's."
"Huh?" Yasmine's eyes widened in shock, as if she had heard something that she couldn't believe.
"Are you making a joke, boss? Boyd is a man! That lady has such a voluptuous body. How could she be Boyd?"
Ivor also started feeling it was impossible. 'However, I can't shake the feeling that I've seen the lady before. Furthermore, if we can just put her gender and figure aside, she really reminds me of Boyd.' Ivor was in the middle of his thoughts when Floyd ran over from the restroom.
"This is bad, Mr. Vic. I lost him!"
"You lost him?"
Ivor frowned.
"Haven't you been following Boyd? How did you lose him?"
"That's right. I also find it strange!" Floyd said. He proceeded to analyze the whole time he had been following Boyd.
"I followed him to the restroom. I intended to follow him and see where his car would go once he exited the restroom.
"I waited for nearly ten minutes, but he still had not come out. So I went into the restroom to check, only to discover it was empty! This is just so strange. How did he vanish into thin air?" "Did someone else come out of the bathroom while you waited for Boyd?"
Ivor found it strange. 'Airport restrooms are generally enclosed. If Boyd isn't in the restroom, then where could he be?
Floyd searched his memories and quickly found something.
"Someone did come out of the restroom, but he was a cross-dresser..."
Then, something occurred to him. His eyes widened in shock. "Is it possible that the cross-dresser is Mr. Boyd in disguise?"
The more Floyd thought about it, the more possible he thought it was. Then, he smacked his head as he became deeply confused.
"It's no wonder I found the cross-dresser familiar when he came out of the restroom. It turns out it was Boyd in disguise! How have I not thought of it just now?"
###Chapter 1386
"Uh..."
Yasmine knew just the kind of emotional roller coaster Floyd had just experienced. Then, she recalled what Ivor said, and it hit her.
"That means... the elegant lady with the rocking body was actually Boyd?"
'Boyd went through such a tremendous change and was unrecognizable. We can't fault Floyd for it. Who would've thought that Boyd would come out of the restroom looking like that?'
"That lady's probably him. I didn't think Boyd was this good at disguise. He's better than I thought."
Yasmine was shaken.
"Isn't Boyd incredible? Did he really just change himself into a girl without a single flaw? On top of that, his disguise as a lady has such a voluptuous figure. Even I can't hope to compare with that figure!" Ivor agreed with Yasmine wholeheartedly.
"Mm-hmm. He's very good at it. His disguising skill is nothing short of flawless."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Ivor." Floyd rubbed the back of his head and apologized for his carelessness. "If only I thought of this sooner... I was too careless. I missed out on the best window to follow Boyd."
"It's okay. He walked past me a minute ago and I didn't know it was him either," Ivor said, rising slowly from his chair.
"Furthermore, we don't really have to follow him and find out where he's going. I was just curious about where he stays in Pyralis.
"I was thinking about visiting him if I had a chance in the future. I'll forget about it if you can't find out where he lives. It's no big deal."
Floyd nodded slightly. "Copy that, boss."
"Okay." Ivor responded calmly and started walking out of the airport.
"Let's go home. I need to see Bonnie."
Yasmine walked side by side with him and asked excitedly, "What about me, boss? What are your plans for me? Will you take me home with you?"
Ivor stopped dead in his tracks. Then, he turned around and rejected her without a second thought. "I'm not doing that."
"Why?" Yasmine puffed up her cheeks, feeling puzzled.
"Didn't you say you're going to introduce your wife to me? Are you going back on your word?"
Yasmine always said things that no one expected.
The veins on the side of Ivor's head popped.
"I did say that I'm going to introduce her to you, but not now. I've asked Floyd to arrange a hotel room for you.
"When the time is right, I'll ask Floyd to inform you."
"Why can't I see your wife now?"
###Chapter 1387
Yasmine couldn't help but grumble. "You have no idea how much I want to be close with your wife."
Ivor raised his hand. He felt a headache coming on and rubbed his eyes.
He realized that Yasmine wasn't letting this one go. Eventually, he had to explain it to her.
"It's been a long time since I've left home. What is Bonnie going to think when she sees me bringing a woman back? What would my family think?
"I don't intend to create any unnecessary misunderstanding or trouble. So, it's better for you to stay in the hotel. I'll let you know when the time is right."
Yasmine mulled it over and found that he was right. "Alright, then... Remember, you have to arrange for me to meet with your wife as soon as possible. I can't wait to see her."
"Fine." Ivor didn't really want to let Yasmine meet Bonnie. He was worried that the former might say something baffling again.
However, he did promise that he'd introduce them. So, he couldn't reject her now.
All he could do was prepare Bonnie for the meetup. Otherwise, she might be startled by Yasmine's character.
"Should I send Yasmine back to the hotel first? Or head to the Knight Villa?" Floyd asked Ivor.
Ivor responded quickly, "Send her back to the hotel first."
"Roger," Floyd said.
He had asked someone to prepare a car for them beforehand. So, he drove it to her hotel.
Once they arrived at the hotel entrance, Yasmine stepped out of the car.
She reminded Ivor, "Remember, boss. You have to move fast and arrange for me to meet with your wife."
"Mm-hmm..." Ivor felt a little speechless. He ordered Floyd, "Start driving. Take me home."
"You got it, Mr. Ivor." Floyd stepped on the gas pedal and drove swiftly.
Yasmine watched as they left. She couldn't resist grumbling, "Hmph. He left in a hurry. It's like he can't stand to see me a second longer. Am I really that unlikable?" An hour later, back at the Knight Villa.
Sigmund was drinking tea in the living room when Alfred rushed inside and said to him, "Mr. Sigmund. Mr. Ivor is back."
"Ivor's back?" Sigmund's face immediately lit up. "I'm going outside to see him."
At the next moment, he heard Ivor's voice.
"You don't have to go outside, Grandpa. I'm already here."
Sigmund looked at Ivor and his smile grew wider. He walked briskly toward his grandson, raised his hand, and smacked the latter on his shoulder.
"Ivor, you punk! You've been away for far too long! People are going to think you've abandoned your family and your wife if they don't know any better."
"My family and Bonnie are the most important things in my life, Grandpa. How could I abandon you?"
Ivor's eyes were always filled with tenderness when he talked about Bonnie.
"Moreover, Bonnie kept you company while I was not around. I'm sure you're thrilled."
"Geez. It would've been great if she was here with me." Sigmund sighed subtly.
"You're not here, and Bonnie hadn't visited me at all. You have no idea how lonely I was after you left. Age has truly caught up to me. I prefer it when my house is bustling and lively."
"What did you say, Grandpa?" Ivor frowned. "Are you telling me that Bonnie didn't even visit you once while I was gone?"
'Bonnie has been great with Grandpa. It's impossible that this would happen. Is it possible that Bonnie was also not in Pyralis while I was gone?'
"Yeah. Bonnie was only here when you came back for a brief period of time. I haven't seen her after that."
Sigmund was worried that Ivor would overthink it. So, he comforted his grandson, "It's okay. Bonnie has to go to the university for classes and work at the research institute. I can understand if she couldn't find the time to visit me."
###Chapter 1388
"Bonnie might be busy, but she's not so busy that she couldn't find the time to visit you."
Ivor pondered on it. He thought back to his previous speculations as his eyes glinted with a dim light.
Then he looked at Sigmund and said, "I'm heading out, Grandpa."
"Huh?" That stunned Sigmund. "For heaven's sake, you've just come back, Ivor. Where are you going?"
"I'm looking for Bonnie," Ivor said, leaving in a hurry.
"Don't start a fight with her just because she hasn't visited me lately!"
Sigmund was very worried. He continued, "Talk to her nicely. Do you hear me? Don't say anything harsh and make her mad." "Understood, Grandpa." Ivor waved at Sigmund while his back was still turned to him. Then, he left the living room swiftly. Floyd had just parked the car outside when he saw Ivor trotting toward him. He couldn't help but stand up straight. "You've just gone inside for less than a minute, Mr. Ivor. What are you doing out here? Is Ms. Bonnie not in the villa?" 'Ivor and Bonnie are hopelessly in love with each other. There's no way Ivor would come outside this fast.'
"That's right," Ivor responded calmly.
He opened the door and got into the car. Then, he brought up his chat history with Toby and searched for the location the young man sent him.
'This is the address for Bonnie's new research institute. She's probably there if she isn't in the villa. I'll try my luck there. If not, then she's probably at the university. 'If she's not even on campus, then...'
Ivor didn't continue his train of thought. A hint of gloom flashed in his eyes.
"Where are we going next, Mr. Ivor?" Floyd asked.
Ivor didn't respond at first. He lowered his head and tapped on the screen of his phone. "I've sent you the location. Take me there."
Floyd's phone vibrated. He lowered his head and looked at the location Ivor sent him.
Then, he asked in a puzzled tone, "Isn't this the countryside, Mr. Ivor? Why are we going to the countryside...?"
Then, something flashed in Floyd's mind. "Is this Ms. Bonnie's new research institute? Are you looking for her here, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor gave Floyd a sidelong glance. His voice was laced with coldness when he spoke. "You've developed the habit of stating the obvious, Floyd."
Floyd chuckled dryly. He stepped on the gas pedal and drove out of the villa. With an embarrassed smile, he said, "Heh heh... I'm driving there right now, Mr. Ivor."
Ivor shot him a glance, but he didn't say anything. Then, he shut his eyes and leaned back on his seat to take a rest.
An hour later, they arrived at their destination.
Floyd looked at the barren place and widened his eyes. Then, he turned around and looked at Ivor.
"A-Are you sure this is really where Ms. Bonnie's new research institute is, Mr. Ivor? Did Toby send you the wrong address?"
There were only some shoddily constructed residential houses. The place looked so barren that it was hard to look at.
'It's true that Bonnie has always chosen the location of her research institute in an arbitrary manner. But how could she choose somewhere this miserable?' Floyd thought to himself.
'This could only mean one of two things, either Toby gave us the wrong address or he was simply trying to pull a fast one over us...'
###Chapter 1389
Clearly, Ivor was also having the same concern as Floyd did. He looked at the shoddily constructed houses, and his brows knitted tightly.
'I thought about reuniting with Bonnie the entire time I was in Yale. However, she's not here. I don't even know where she is.
'Bonnie's not toiling away at her new research institute, nor has she visited Grandpa once at the villa. Where on earth has she been while I was away?'
Floyd watched as Ivor grew increasingly somber. He couldn't help but remind him, "How about you give Ms. Bonnie a call and find out where she is, Mr. Ivor? We can't find her if we just roam around aimlessly." "I'm not calling her. We're going to drive everywhere until we find her." Ivor shut his eyes as a hint of bitterness flashed in them.
'Bonnie has always been like this. She never tells me anything and just keeps everything to herself.
'Now, she won't even tell me where she is. I'm well aware that she won't do anything to harm or betray me. But I can't help but feel disheartened when Bonnie's just going to hide everything from me.' "Huh?" Floyd rubbed the back of his head, feeling puzzled. "Why, Mr. Ivor? You can find out where she is by calling Ms. Bonnie and asking her about it."
'Calling Bonnie is the fastest way to know her location. Why won't Ivor do it, though? It's so confusing.'
"You don't have to know about it." Ivor still sounded calm, but his gloomy expression was more than enough to tell Floyd that he was unhappy.
"W-Well. Where are we going next, Mr. Ivor?"
Ivor pursed his lips. He mulled it over for a brief moment before he responded.
"Take me to Pyralis University. We'll see if she's there. If she isn't, we'll pay her old research institute a visit."
'Actually, Bonnie might not have been keeping anything secret. She could be at her campus or her old research institute.
'It's obvious that this location can't be where Bonnie's new research institute is. I have no idea if it's because Toby sent me the wrong address or because of some other reason. I'll have to ask Bonnie about it when I find her.'
"Roger, Mr. Ivor." Floyd went over to open the car door for him.
Just as Ivor was about to get into the car, he heard a crisp voice.
"Ivor?"
His body trembled at the sound of the voice.
Then, Ivor turned around and looked at Bonnie in disbelief as she came out of one of the shoddily constructed houses.
"B-Bonnie?!"
It wasn't just her, either. There were several researchers behind her as well.
Bonnie saw Ivor and became overjoyed. She raced over and stopped in front of him. "What are you doing here? Why didn't you wait for me back home?"
As a matter of fact, Bonnie had gotten news that he would be here. So, she made preparations for it.
She brought several researchers with her to keep up the pretense.
Ivor went over to hold her hand. His tone was laced with a hint of helplessness.
"Wait for you, you say? You hadn't even visited Grandpa the whole time. If I waited for you to come home, then I'm afraid I'll have to wait for ages to see you."
###Chapter 1390
A hint of guilt flashed in Bonnie's eyes when she heard Ivor mention Sigmund. Then, she hid her emotions by clearing her throat.
She responded, "I've been too occupied with my research. That's why I couldn't find the time to visit Grandpa. I wouldn't have left him alone if I could find a little free time on my hand." "Just what research is it? How are you this busy?"
Ivor had never seen Bonnie this occupied with a particular research. She didn't even step outside for almost two weeks.
Obviously, he was still skeptical if Bonnie was at Pyralis at all while he was gone. So, he was looking at her inquisitively while he spoke.
Meanwhile, Bonnie realized that Ivor must've been suspicious about something. She might've felt a little guilty, but she didn't let it show.
"It's the research about the augmentation of the latest nanomaterial. We want to see if we can make a breakthrough and surpass our current technology. That way, we can develop an upgraded version." Then, Bonnie pretended to have a headache and rubbed her temples.
"I've overestimated myself. I researched it for a long time, but I just couldn't make a breakthrough. I can't develop a new version of the nanomaterial."
Ivor realized how crystal clear her eyes were and knew that she wasn't lying. Seeing her this troubled about the research, he couldn't help but feel heartbroken.
"The things you have developed so far are more than enough to impress the entire world. Relax. Take it easy. Given your capability, it's only a matter of time before you achieve what you set out to do." Bonnie pretended to be sad and sighed.
"It's easier said than done. Anyway, you have a point. Good things come to those who wait. I'll just take it easy."
"Yeah. Don't exert yourself too much. You'll break my heart." Ivor patted Bonnie's hair tenderly. Then, he swept his glance across the researchers standing behind her.
Bonnie sensed his gaze and thought he saw through something. Her heart skipped a beat.
"What's the matter?"
'I asked these researchers over on short notice to help keep up the pretense. I have no idea if Ivor will ask them something that happened in the past two weeks.
'Will they blow my cover? But it's pointless to get nervous. I'll have to think on my feet.'
"Didn't you say that there's a new guy called Allen at your new research institute? Why am I not seeing him?"
'I still remember that I talked to Allen on the phone back then. His voice sounded quite similar to that of Collin's. I don't think there's anything suspicious between them, but I might as well pose the question since I'm already here.'
"Allen..."
Bonnie remained quiet. For a moment, she couldn't think of an answer. So, she was still racking her brain to come up with an explanation.
'I didn't count on Ivor remembering it after such a long time. I've totally forgotten about that.'
Ivor realized that Bonnie wasn't speaking. He couldn't help but narrow his eyes.
"What's the matter? Is it a difficult question?"
"Allen was still around yesterday, but his mom fell ill out of the blue. So, I sent him back to look after her." Bonnie reacted swiftly and came up with a reasonable excuse. Instead of suspecting her, Ivor believed her.
"So, that's what it is. I recalled that he was quite enthusiastic when we talked on the phone. I was hoping I'd get to chat with him in person."
Bonnie couldn't help but raise her eyebrows.
###Chapter 1391
"Did you really remember him to this day because he was enthusiastic when you guys spoke on the phone? I didn't think you'd be into that."
Ivor's lips twitched in response.
Then, he looked at her, and his eyes gradually looked different. "Don't you know best what I like, Bonnie?"
Bonnie met his gaze and couldn't help but tremble.
Ivor looked so eager, as if he could eat her up at any given moment. His eyes were filled with so much craving that his eagerness was starting to seep into her. Her body couldn't help but burn up.
Bonnie's heart started pounding like crazy all of a sudden. Then, she avoided his gaze uneasily.
'It hadn't been that long since I last saw Ivor. Not only was he smart-mouthed now, but his eyes are brimming with flirtation. I'm having some trouble dealing with him.'
Ivor saw her expression, and his lips curled into a grin. Then, he pretended to be innocent and asked, "What's wrong, Bonnie? Is your throat feeling funny?"
Bonnie knew he was asking the obvious question. So, she rolled her eyes at him.
"Wouldn't you know what I'm feeling?"
Ivor continued to feign innocence.
"I saw that you're coughing. So, I thought there was something wrong with your throat. Did I misunderstand you? If I did, then please tell me, honey. What's bothering you? Ivor sounded exceptionally flirtatious whenever he uttered the word "honey." What was more, his charming voice made her ears heat up.
Bonnie raised her hand to touch her searing ears. A hint of redness crept up her cheeks.
"Just stop talking..."
'I can't believe how forthright and bold he is, even though there are so many people here. I have no idea what to say to him. I'm not as thick-skinned as he is.
'We might've been married for a long time, but I just can't get used to his smart mouth and the way he flirts with me.'
Ivor heard what she said, and his smile grew wider. Then, he took a step closer to her.
"What's wrong, honey? Why would you ask me to stop talking?"
Bonnie instinctively took a step back when he approached her.
To her surprise, she accidentally stepped on a sagging rock, and her body leaned backward.
Bonnie steadied herself quickly. She raised her head and was about to say something, but a pair of warm hands held her by the waist immediately.
Then, she heard Ivor's charming voice.
"Are you okay, Bonnie? Did you get hurt?"
Bonnie felt the hands on her waist and felt uneasy for some reason. She reached out and took his hands off of her.
"I'm fine..."
To her surprise, Ivor held her hand at the next moment.
"The ground is uneven here. It's easy to trip and fall. I'm holding your hand so you won't have to worry about it happening again."
###Chapter 1392
Ivor was still speaking when he took advantage of the situation and clasped his fingers with Bonnie's.
She turned her head sideways and glanced at him.
Ivor turned around and looked at her. The joy in his eyes deepened.
Bonnie saw it, and her lips couldn't help but twitch. She suspected that Ivor was trying to take advantage of her, but she couldn't tell for sure.
Meanwhile, Floyd saw them locking gazes and quickly turned his head sideways. He could do without seeing this scene.
'I knew it. Ivor and Bonnie won't stop being lovey-dovey when they're together. Just a minute ago, he looked so miserable that he didn't find her here.
'Now that Ivor finally sees Bonnie, he immediately goes back to being a man who's hopelessly in love.'
Bonnie watched as Ivor clasped their fingers together, but she didn't do anything about it.
"Are we going to keep standing here and holding hands until the end of time?"
"If you're okay with it, I'm more than happy to stand here with you until time itself stops." Ivor's lips curled into a grin. His eyes were brimming with longing and affection. "Also, I like what you said about the end of time. You can say more of it."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "Jeez. You just won't stop being smart-mouthed."
"Hehe..." Ivor chuckled.
"If you're going to say that I'm being smart-mouthed, then I'm going to respond to you the same way I always do."
Bonnie instantly knew what he meant. So, she rolled her eyes again. "Just don't..."
"Hahaha!" Ivor laughed heartily.
He had been away from Bonnie for long time. This was the first time he had laughed from the bottom of his heart. 
"How are you so adorable, Bonnie?"
'Bonnie and I had been apart for so long. I thought we wouldn't be as close as we were or feel uneasy with each other. But, it turns out that I've been overthinking it. Things between Bonnie and I are just the way they were. Nothing has changed." 
"Are you sure it's right to describe me as adorable?" Bonnie said.
'Come on. I'm beautiful and heroic. Okay? Ivor's always using strange terms to describe me.'
"Hmm..." Ivor reached out and rubbed the top of her head with a smile.
"As far as I'm concerned, you're the most adorable woman in the world."
He might've sounded childish, but he managed to make something stir in Bonnie's heart.
'Jeez... Ivor just knows what to say to make me blush.'
The researchers, who were standing next to them, saw how Bonnie and Ivor flirted with each other. It was as if no one else was there but the two
of them. 
The researchers couldn't help but blush.
###Chapter 1393
One of the researchers couldn't take it anymore. He cleared his throat gently. "Um... If you guys want to act lovey-dovey, you're free to do so back in your place. We're in the middle of nowhere here, so it's not exactly appropriate."
The other researchers went along with him.
"That's right, Mr. Ivor, Ms. Bonita. This isn't the place to be doing this."
"You guys should head back home and do everything you want to do. Just don't act lovey-dovey in front of us. We can't take it..."
Even though they wanted Bonnie and Ivor to stay sweet and have a loving relationship, they could not take it when the couple behaved overly romantically in front of them.
Bonnie heard what they said, and a hint of uneasiness flashed in her eyes. She awkwardly freed her hand from Ivor's grasp and glared at him accusingly.
"Did you hear them? Rein it in. Not everyone is as thick-skinned as you are!"
Ivor chuckled. He was aware that Bonnie was rather reserved in front of other people. So, he didn't hold her hand again.
He raised his eyes and swept them across the desolate land around him. His smile faded and he frowned slightly.
"Why would you choose to have your new research institute here, Bonnie? If you run into some hazards, the relevant departments won't be able to reach here in time. Isn't that going to put everyone's lives in jeopardy?"
Bonnie knew Ivor would ask something like this. So, she had prepared an answer for it.
"Look at it another way, Ivor. Isn't the most dangerous place also the safest place to be? Ordinary people would never think that I'd set up my new research institute at a palace like this." Then, she noticed that Ivor didn't seem to have any suspicions.
She paused for a brief moment before she continued, "Furthermore, the facilities here aren't fully established here. Once it is, I'll ask Jim to send some security guards here."
Ivor felt much better. "Now that you put it that way, I'm also starting to think that this place isn't as dangerous as I thought."
Ivor raised his head and looked at the shoddily constructed house Bonnie came out of with her group of researchers.
"I haven't seen what your new research institute looks like. Is it okay if I go inside and take a look?"
Bonnie's body tensed up. Then, she feigned nonchalance and responded, "It looks the same as before. There's nothing special about it."
"Is it okay if I take a look at it?" Ivor emphasized.
'Judging by Bonnie's response, I have a feeling that she doesn't really want me to go inside and look at the place.
'I've had my suspicions that Bonnie didn't stay in Pyralis the entire time I was gone. It's just a speculation. I don't have any proof to back it up.
'Now that I'm here, it's a wonderful opportunity for me to take a look at
Bonnie's new research instit
can see if I have to install more facilities or equipment for her.'
"Sure. Why wouldn't it be?" Bonnie said as
e led him in. "I just want
tell you that my research institute looks the same. So, there isn't much
to see there." 
'I asked Toby to get everything ready before I returned. However, I had not seen it for myself. I have no idea how Toby set up the research institute here.
'I am just going on a hunch and saying that this research institute is almost identical to my previous research institute. But I'm not too sure about it.
'I did not have time to prepare anything before Ivor arrived at Pyralis. What a coincidence. It's almost as if both of us touched down at Pyralis at the same time.
'However, vor was supposed to
come back from a neighboring
country, while I flew back from Yale. We were at different parts of the planet. So, it must've been a coincidence and nothing more..." 
"That's fine. It's just a quick look."
Ivor followed Bonnie. He saw the uneven ground and couldn't help but remind her, "Watch your step. Don't trip now."
###Chapter 1394
His thoughtfulness warmed her heart.
"Okay. I'm not a child, though. You don't have to remind me all the time."
"Really?" Ivor raised his eyebrow leisurely. "You almost tripped and fell earlier, though."
Bonnie scoffed gently. "Can't you tell that's because you spooked me?"
Ivor's lips curled into a grin. Then, he took a step closer to her all of a sudden. "Do I look that scary?"
He closed the distance between them swiftly. All of a sudden, Bonnie was staring at his profound eyes. She could even smell his masculine scent, which stirred something in her heart.
'I'm not sure if it's just my imagination, but he's much more charming, now that we've been apart for some time. Everything he does makes my face turn red and my heart race. I tried very hard to suppress my feelings, but I just can't.'
Every heartbeat sounded louder than the last. It sounded like drums. It reverberated in her ears, making her deaf to other sounds.
Her heartbeat was all that she could hear. Ivor was the only person she could see. He was giving her affectionate glances the whole time.
Ivor looked at her reddened face, and his lips curled into a grin. Then, he took a step closer to Bonnie and reached out to hold her hand.
He whispered, "What's the matter, Bonnie? Are you enchanted by my looks?"
Ivor's charming voice snapped Bonnie out of her trance, and she instinctively pushed him away. "That's enough... Stop being a smart-mouth..."
'I have no idea what on earth just happened. Ivor has truly mastered the art of flirting.
"I thought I would've gotten used to it, but since we haven't seen each other in a while, I can't take it anymore."
"Alright." A hint of adoration flashed in Ivor's eyes. "My honey doesn't like it when I say those things. So, I'm going to stop doing it."
Bonnie felt so speechless that she could only roll her eyes.
Both of them were chatting with each other when the researcher who followed them reminded them, "We're here, Ms. Bonita, Mr. Ivor."
Bonnie came back to her senses
and raised her head. Only then did she realize that they had walked
past the backyard and gone into the
house. 
Things were completely different inside. As expected, the research institute was decorated similarly to her original research institute.
'It's like a spitting image of my
original research institute. I'd say that it's perfectly recreated here. Toby has done an excellent job. It looks like he understood my instructions down to the last letter. 
'Once this blows over, I can think about teaching him the research he has been yearning to learn. He has talked about it countless times, but I didn't agree with it because think it's troublesome research." 
Ivor saw it, but he sensed that something was off from the conversation the researcher just had with Bonnie.
###Chapter 1395
"Haven't you been conducting research here before my arrival, Bonnie? Why does it look like this is your first time in here? Why do you need the researcher to remind you that we've arrived at the institute?" Ivor looked into Bonnie's eyes with an inquisitive gaze as he asked, but they were crystal clear. On top of that, she remained calm.
"I was talking with you just now... It's your fault. You were so smart-mouthed that you distracted me..."
He stopped looking at her inquisitively and smiled faintly instead.
"You denied it earlier, Bonnie. From the looks of things now, however, you were indeed enchanted by my looks."
Bonnie didn't say anything to him. All she could do was roll her eyes at him. Then, something popped into her mind.
She squinted and asked Ivor, "Why do you keep asking me these weird questions today? Why are you making it sound like I'm not working in my research institute while you were away?"
Ivor felt guilty about that. After all, he had basically interrogated Bonnie based on speculation. He didn't have any hard proof to back it up.
So, Ivor had no idea how to explain himself when Bonnie posed this question to him. In the end, he had no choice but to fool her.
Ivor pretended to be calm and responded, "It's just a harmless question. It's not what you think."
"Really?"
Bonnie narrowed her eyes even further. Obviously, she wasn't buying it. "Hmm..."
Ivor avoided her gaze and looked at the fittings in her new research institute instead. He seized the opportunity and changed the topic.
"You were right. The new research institute looks the same as your original research institute. It's a carbon copy."
Bonnie asked Ivor that question because she knew he didn't have hard proof for his claim. She wanted to distract him from being suspicious. It seemed she had achieved that.
Bonnie sighed subtly and responded
to him, "Sometimes, we need some level of inspiration to conduct research. Doing it in a familiar setting would make it easier for us to do our job. 
"That's why we've considered a lot of things before we set up the new research institute."
Ivor nodded in understanding. "So, that's how it works."
"Now, you've seen everything there is to see. Why don't you head home?" Bonnie asked.
Ivor looked at her and asked, "Will you be going home with me? Or, will you stay and work on your research?" Bonnie pretended to be distraught and sighed.
"I've worked on it so long, but I didn't yield any result. I don't think I'm going to make any progress if I stay.
"I might as well go outside for a breath of fresh air and take my mind off of it. That could help me to make a breakthrough later."
The moment Ivor heard that Bonnie was going home with him, his face lit up.
"Alright. Let's go home now."
'I can't wait to spend some private time with Bonnie. There is
something I want to do to her, it's not meant for the
swie's
eyes.' 
Bonnie looked at the way he stared at her and felt as if he was a beast. It was like he was going to eat her up at any second.
She shifted her gaze away uneasily and responded faintly, "Okay..."
However, the tip of her ears turned red. They had exposed her inner
thoughts. Ivor saw it, and hirnet
lips
curled into a grin. He walked over and held Bonnie's hands. 
"Come on, Bonnie. Let's go home."
###Chapter 1396
Back in his Maybach, Ivor and Bonnie's fingers remained clasped.
"Should we go to my place, Bonnie? Or, should we head to Grandpa's place?"
Bonnie responded without a second thought, "We're going to Grandpa's place, of course... It's been a long time since I've seen him.
"Now that you're back, I'm going to seize the opportunity and pay him a visit."
"So, you are aware of the fact that you haven't been seeing him for a long time." Ivor's voice was thick with playfulness. "I wasn't in the country, and you did drop by to see him. He must've been very lonely all this time."
That was indeed Bonnie's fault. She rubbed her nose in guilt.
"I'll make sure to keep him company the next time you're away. I can't do it this time because my research sucked away all the time I have."
Ivor's grip on her hand tightened.
"I'll try my best to stay with you guys in the future. I won't leave you alone again."
'I stayed in Yale for a long time because I had to borrow the chip from the Nidhoggs. It's a good thing that everything worked out well there. Otherwise, I might've left everything behind and come back home to be with Bonnie.
'The chip might've been important, but it isn't an integral part of my life. Bonnie and my family are the parts of my life that I can't live without.'
"You're right. Grandpa is getting old. We should keep him company whenever we can." What Bonnie said wasn't just for Ivor's ears. It was also a reminder for herself.
'I might be busy with my life, but I have to make some time for Grandpa. After all, he's getting older. We're getting less and less time with him as time goes by.'
"Yeah. Grandpa might not have said anything, but he's actually quite lonely when he's in the villa by himself."
Ivor recalled how overjoyed Sigmund was to see him. He couldn't help but feel heartbroken about it.
"What you said is true. We have to make some time to be with Grandpa."
Bonnie nodded. "Exactly."
Both of them were still talking when the Maybach pulled into Sigmund's villa.
Bonnie stepped out of the car and took in the familiar view. She couldn't help but feel a twinge of nostalgia.
'I've left the place for less than two weeks, but it felt as if it had been a lifetime. I'm finally back.'
Ivor caught Bonnie's look and
couldn't resist chuckling. "What's the matter? Is it because you miss the
place after leaving it for quite some time?" 
зим
"You said it." Then, she raised an eyebrow and asked him, "Don't you miss it?"
"Of course, I do." Ivor walked over and held her hand. "Come on. Let's go inside and check on Grandpa together."
Bonnie squeezed his hand. "Sure."
Sigmund was sitting in the living
room.
e was thinking about the et
moment Ivor left and was a little
d in his chess game`
Alfred was keeping Sigmund company when he saw something
A
out of the corner of his eyes. He said hurriedly, "Look over there, Mr. Sigmund!" 
"What is it?" Sigmund instinctively followed Alfred's gaze and looked.
The moment he saw Ivor and Bonnie, who came inside holding hands, he put down the chess piece and stood up from the couch.
"You're finally back home with Ivor, Bonnie! Have you been busy with your research recently?
"Look at you! You're exhausted. You even got a lot skinnier. I'm going to ask the kitchen to prepare you some delicious food!"
###Chapter 1397
Bonnie didn't think she got skinnier, but she didn't want to be a buzzkill when Sigmund was this exhilarated. So, she smiled and accepted his offer. "Alright, Grandpa. Anything you say goes."
"I'm going to the kitchen and ask them to get everything ready now." Sigmund put his hands on his back and went to the kitchen with a big smile on his face. Clearly, he was more than happy to make all these preparations for Bonnie.
"It's okay, Grandpa. You don't have to do it now." A hint of helplessness flashed in Bonnie's eyes when she noticed how Sigmund was rushing into it.
"It's fine." Sigmund waved at her while his back was turned to her. "It's about time for dinner anyway. I'll just ask the chefs to get everything ready." Bonnie realized that Sigmund was quite high-spirited and decided not to say anything.
"I appreciate you for doing all of this, Grandpa."
Sigmund chuckled. "We're family, Bonnie. What's with the formalities?
"Alright. Just take a seat, you guys. I'll make arrangements for tonight's dinner."
"Understood, Grandpa. We'll sit right here. We won't intervene at all."
Bonnie knew Sigmund missed her and Ivor a lot while they were away. The thought of it made her feel warm inside.
It was nice to be remembered by someone all the time.
Ivor saw it and walked over. He reached out and rested his hand on Bonnie's shoulder.
"Since the moment you came home, Grandpa couldn't stop smiling. He even arranged for all kinds of delicious food for you.
"I didn't have any of this when I came back. He had all but forgotten about me. Sometimes, I do wonder if I'm actually his grandson."
"Don't take it up with me." Bonnie gestured for Ivor to look at the kitchen. "Take it up with Grandpa instead."
Ivor rubbed Bonnie's nose lovingly.
"Look at how naughty you've become. You're driving a wedge between us."
Bonnie knew Ivor was just making a joke. She rolled her eyes at him.
Then, she lifted her chin and said, "Grandpa dotes on me and takes my side. Try saying something like that
again. I'm going to tell on youthat
Grandpa! 
"Hehehe.." Ivor chuckled in response.
"How about you do that, and we'll see what Grandpa's going to do?"
"Do you think I won't do it?" Bonnie raised her delicate eyebrows. "I'm going to find him now."
With that, she turned around and pretended to move toward the kitchen.
To her surprise, Bonnie had taken less than two steps when Ivor held her slender wrist.
"Alright, Bonnie. I was just fooling around. Please don't tell on me to Grandpa. I don't want him to nag at me."
"Didn't you just say you're not
worried about that? You even
encouraged me to do it." Bonnial net
crossed her arms and looked at Ivor leisurely. 
"I was just fooling around. I swear." Ivor pulled her to the couch and made her sit. Then, he rested his head on her shoulder.
"I've been worn out for the past two weeks. Let me rest on your shoulder for a while."
Bonnie wanted to reject him, but she
noticed the exhaustion in his eyes et against it. She changed
and
nd
her mind and agreed to it. 
"Okay. Go ahead and get some shut-eye."
Ivor's lips curled into a grin as he looked at Bonnie affectionately.
"You're the best, Bonnie. I'm going to nap a little. Wake me up when it's time for dinner."
Bonnie tousled his hair roughly in response.
"Don't worry about it. I won't have dinner without you."
###Chapter 1398
Ivor caught Bonnie's sweet scent and shut his eyes with a smile on his face.
'I've never had a good sleep the whole time I was in Yale. I've always jolted awake from my sleep. Then, I could never fall asleep again. After that, all I could do to kill time was work through some documents.
'I've never experienced something like this when I was in Pyralis. Only now do I find out the reason why. It's because Bonnie wasn't with me. I couldn't sleep soundly because of that.
'That's why I'll never leave her side for too long ever again. Being apart is torture for both of us.'
Slowly but surely, Ivor's breathing became more even. Bonnie noticed that he had fallen asleep. She lowered her gaze and stared at him in a daze.
'I have to admit that I've missed him a lot the whole time I was away in Yale. I've wanted to call him so many times, but I was so worried that I'd expose my whereabouts.
'Now that I finally see and feel him, there's this sense of peace in my heart. It's like the missing piece of my heart came back when he did.'
Meanwhile, Sigmund was relaying orders for the chef to prepare Bonnie's favorite dishes. He had also prepared some of Ivor's favorite dishes, but that was because she liked the same food. Everything was prepared based on Bonnie's preference.
Alfred followed Sigmund around. He turned back and saw the scene on the couch. Then, he gestured to Sigmund to take a look.
"Look over there quickly, Mr. Sigmund. Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie are such a lovely couple."
Sigmund turned around and saw that Bonnie and Ivor were leaning on each other. He couldn't help but smile lovingly. "I'll be able to rest in peace as long as I can see them loving each other this much." Alfred's face fell. "Today's such a good day. Mr. Sigmund. You can't say something so appalling!"
"What about it? Everyone dies eventually."
Sigmund waved it off casually. "I've always thought Ivor was too prideful in the past. It seemed like no one would pique his interest.
"I was worried that he might remain.
single for the rest of his life. Now that I see that Bonnie and he will be there for each other and fight
together, I finally feel better.
belongs to en.swnovelero
"Still, I'll have no regrets if I can see my great-grandson before I pass away."
Alfred mulled it over and said, "Ms. Bonnie is still so young. It doesn't look like she's ready to make a baby with Mr. Ivor."
"It's just a thought. I don't intend to pressure them."
Sigmund was still speaking when he cast a glance at the kitchen. "Keep your eyes on the kitchen. I'm going to take my bottle of vintage wine from the wine cellar. 
"Bonnie and Ivor have been away for so long. Now that they're back, we have to have wine to celebrate their return."
Alfred heard what he said and stopped him instinctively.
"It's dark in the wine cellar, Mr. Sigmund. What if you slip and fall? I should go. Meanwhile, you should monitor the kitchen."
Sigmund was also worried that he might trip and fall. If that happened, Bonnie and Ivor wouldn't be able to rest easily after they were back home. 
So, he agreed to Alfred's suggestion.
"Alright, go ahead. You'd do well to remember that you're also an old man yourself. So, take it easy."
Alfred heard what Sigmund said, and he couldn't resist bursting out laughing.
"Hahaha! Alright, Mr. Sigmund. Don't worry about it. I'll be careful."
Sigmund waved at him. "Alright. Go, now."
"Roger," Alfred responded. He turned around and went to the wine cellar.
Ivor had a good sleep.
###Chapter 1399
By the time Ivor woke up again, he realized that Bonnie maintained the same pose from before he fell asleep. She wanted him to lean on her comfortably.
He couldn't help but feel a little heartache. "I leaned on you for such a long time, and you didn't move at all. Is your shoulder sore, Bonnie?"
'I might've had a good sleep, but it must've been tiring for her. If I had known this would happen, I wouldn't have done that just because it felt comfortable.'
"It's okay. It's not a big deal." Bonnie moved her shoulder and spoke in a relaxed tone.
'Actually, my shoulder feels a little stiff and numb. After Ivor took a short nap, however, he's not as tired as he was before. It's very much worth it to have a sore and numb shoulder. 'Between the two of us, Ivor has always been the one who sacrificed more. So, I'm thrilled that I can help him get rested.'
"Are you sure you're fine? Do you need me to massage your shoulder?" Ivor asked warmly.
'I know how much I weigh. How could she be fine after I leaned on her for so long? I know Bonnie is just saying that she's okay because she didn't want me to feel guilty.' "I'm fine, really." Bonnie soothed him by patting his hand.
Then, she caught the scent of food from the kitchen. She pulled Ivor up from the couch and stood up.
"Something from the kitchen smells so nice that I think my stomach is growling. Let's hurry over and take a look."
Ivor's stomach growled.
Bonnie was stunned when she heard the noise. Then, she couldn't help but giggle.
"Here I am, saying that I'm hungry. I didn't know your stomach would be this cooperative. It made a sound that my stomach would definitely have made."
A hint of uncharacteristic embarrassment flashed in Ivor's eyes.
"Ahem... I came back to Pyralis in a rush. So, I didn't have time to eat anything. I've been powering through the hunger until this moment. Now, I really can't stand it anymore."
Bonnie kept smiling and said, "Well,
then. What are you waiting for?
Come to
ne to the kitchen with me, and we'll see if they're done preparing dinner." 
Ivor looked at the smile on her face, and his eyes couldn't help but get hazy for a second.
"Look at your smile, Bonnie..."
"Huh?"
Bonnie thought he looked a little strange. She couldn't help but raise her hand and touch her cheeks. "Does my smile look odd?"
"That's not it." Ivor shook his head and stole a kiss on her cheeks before she realized what happened. "It's gorgeous."
Bonnie moved her elbow. She intended to push him away.
To her surprise, Ivor anticipated her
movement and ducked away f
the same time, he changed stet
swnokel
topic. 
"Let's see if they're done preparing dinner, Bonnie. I'm starving."
Bonnie knew he was changing the topic on purpose. So, she shook her head helplessly.
"Okay. Let's go."
Both of them came to the dining hall and saw that the dishes had occupied the entire dining table.
Sigmund noticed them walking over and filled their glasses of wine to the brim.
"This is a vintage wine. I've tucked it
away for al
time. I've never had
the heart to drink it. Now that you
are back home, it gives me a chance
to have a taste of it with you."
###Chapter 1400
Bonnie took the glass of wine from the dining table and sniffed it gently. The rich aroma of the wine stirred up her desire to drink.
'That reminds me, it has been a long time since I drank wine.'
Ivor saw the craving on her face and couldn't help but find it adorable. He grinned, and his voice was very gentle when he spoke, "Go ahead and drink it if that's what you want." "Okay. I'll take a sip." Bonnie downed her wine. She enjoyed the scent so much that she closed her eyes. "This wine is excellent. Its flavor is rich, but it's not overpowering." Then, Bonnie looked at Sigmund at said with a smile, "It's not every day I taste a wine this good. Thank you, Grandpa."
Sigmund chuckled heartily and topped up Bonnie's glass. "I've stored this wine for a long time. Of course, it tastes excellent. Feel free to have more if you love it, Bonnie." "Okay." Bonnie reached out and clinked Sigmund's wine glass with hers. "Here, Grandpa. Cheers."
She looked at Ivor out of the corner of her eyes as she spoke. "Are you drinking?"
Ivor raised his wine glass and clinked it with Bonnie's. Then, he raised his eyebrow and responded, "How could I miss out on such an occasion?"
"What a smart mouth." Bonnie shook her head. Her voice was laden with playfulness.
Ivor raised his eyebrow and swirled the wine glass. "Hmm... I'll take that as a compliment."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Not only are you smart-mouthed, but you also know how to take advantage of my words."
"Hehe..." Ivor chuckled in response. "Thanks for the compliment, Bonnie."
She rolled her eyes at him again, thinking Ivor had got to be the most shameless man in the world.
Sigmund watched as both of them flirted with each other and laughed. "Come on. Cheers."
Ivor and Bonnie raised their wine glasses at the same time. "Cheers!"
They proceeded to drink a lot from
the bottle of wine. Eventually, Bonnie, Iver; and Sigmund had different degrees of red on their faces The vintage wine was strong. Bonnie still had a clear head, but she felt very drowsy. 
She was concerned about Sigmund. She looked at him and reminded him warmly think we're about done with the wine, Grandpa. You're not in your best shape, so you should stop drinking." 
She looked at Alfred. "Come over here and help Grandpa to his room, Alfred. He needs to rest."
"Understood, Ms. Bonnie." Alfred nodded respectfully before he walked over and supported Sigmund by his arm. "I'm going to help you to your room, Mr. Sigmund."
"Okay," Sigmund responded to Alfred. He stood up from his chair slowly and rubbed the side of his head, which was aching.
He looked at Bonnie and smiled
helplessly. "I'm old and can't have
too much wine. All right, I'm going to
hit the sack. You and Ivor should finish up the bottle. Otherwise, it'll go to waste." 
"You got it, Grandpa. Hurry up and get some rest." Bonnie waved at Sigmund. Once he was gone, she looked at the vintage wine and found that there was one-third of it left. Bonnie turned and looked at Ivor, asking, "Will you finish it?"
Ivor lowered his head and looked at the remaining wine in the bottle.
###Chapter 1401
Ivor topped up his and Bonnie's glass, saying, "Here you go. There's just enough left for both of us." Bonnie leaned into her chair leisurely and burped. "I've had enough. I'll get drunk if I have another."
Ivor smiled and combed her hair. "It's okay if you get drunk. I'll care for you, so you don't have to worry. Go ahead and drink some more."
"You'll take care of me?" Bonnie raised her brows. "Are you sure that's what you mean, or are you plotting something?"
Ivor chuckled and leaned closer to her. The rich scent of whine wafted from his breath as he asked, "What do you think?"
Bonnie's heart raced when she saw how close Ivor was. Her heart beat so loud that she could hear it, even making her lose control. Ivor grinned when he noticed it. Then, he took the chance to get closer. Bonnie was in a daze and could do nothing about it. The couple drew closer until their noses touched. Suddenly, Alfred's voice sounded, "Mr. Ivor, Ms. Bonnie, I've taken Mr. Sigmund back to "
He looked at the couple and froze. At that moment, Bonnie returned to her senses and shoved Ivor away before awkwardly lowering her head. She barely knew what had happened. Ivor enchanted her so much that she forgot they were in the dining room.
The housekeepers walked in and out of the place, and Alfred even caught them being intimate. Although Bonnie and Ivor were married, she still felt uncomfortable being intimate when others were around.
Ivor grew impatient because Alfred had ruined their intimate moment. The former glared at Alfred and said resentfully, "Impeccable timing, Alfred."
Alfred felt embarrassed and backed away nervously, saying, "Um, don't let me bother you, Mr. Ivor. Just pretend I was never here."
As he bolted out of the side entrance, Bonnie noticed several housekeepers in the hall. She felt shy and quickly downed her wine. "I'm going upstairs to rest, too." en.swhovels.net
She hurried upstairs as Ivor shook his head and smiled. After drinking his wine, he followed Bonnie upstairs while the remaining housekeepers watched. They could not help but chuckle and mutter amongst themselves. 
"Ms. Bonnie and Mr. Ivor make a
lovely couple. Although they've only been away from each other for almost two weeks, they're as intimate as ever. I blushed watching them a minute ago." 
"Judging from what we saw, do you think they'll make a baby tonight?"
"That's hard to say. If Mr. Ivor and Ms. Bonnie make a baby, Mr. Sigmund will be thrilled. After all, he wishes to have a great-grandson."
"Yeah, things will get livelier with a kid running around."
Meanwhile, Bonnie went to the room to shower when she saw Ivor. She asked, "I'm going to take a shower. Do you want to shower first? I can wait."
###Chapter 1402
"There's no need for that," Ivor said as he approached Bonnie.
She noticed how he stared at her and felt slightly uncomfortable. Even so, she remained calm as she asked, "What do you mean?"
Ivor grinned, saying, "I mean, we can shower together. That'll save us the trouble of deciding who goes first."
'I knew he was up to no good!'
Bonnie's lips twitched. Then, a hint of playfulness flashed in her eyes when she thought of something. She had always felt like she was at a disadvantage since she met Ivor. Since Bonnie had regained her composure, she figured she would get her revenge.
Bonnie hid her thoughts and smiled. "All right, let's bathe together."
Initially, her smile dazzled Ivor. Immediately after, he returned to his senses and asked, "What did you say? Did you just agree to bathe together?"
"Mhm." The playfulness in Bonnie's eyes intensified. "Hop in first while I pick a sleeping gown. I'll join you soon."
Ivor raised a brow, noticing something unusual about his wife. Still, he could not figure out her angle, so he played along. "Okay, I'll hop in. Join me when you're ready."
"Okay." Bonnie nodded with a smile.
Ivor sensed something was off with her smile but did not ask about it. Instead, he entered the bathroom. Meanwhile, Bonnie dashed over and grabbed the door handle to lock him
inside. She thought she would get
away with it, but Ivor suddenly turned around and pulled her in. 
Bonnie was still in a daze when her husband pressed her against the wall. She noticed how close he was and realized she had messed up. Bonnie instinctively shook her harm to get away but failed. 
Helpless, she looked at him and questioned, "What are you doing?! Let me go!" "What do
stared
agreou think I'm doing?" Ivor were you trying to lock meet
to her eyes. "I thought weet
to shower together. Why
here?"
Bonnie felt guilty but did not show it. Instead, she said nervously, "Y-You misunderstood my intentions."
"Is that so?" Ivor squinted.
"Of course." Bonnie shook her arm again. "Y-You can let me go now."
Ivor did as she said but continued to stand in her way. "There, I let you go. You can remove your clothes now."
###Chapter 1403
Bonnie's eyes widened, and she almost bit her tongue. "Y-You want me to remove my clothes?"
Ivor looked at her up and down, saying, "You agreed to shower with me, after all."
Bonnie wanted to trick Ivor and did not expect things to turn out this way. She tried to think of a solution. Then, her eyes sparkled as she said, "Well, I still haven't picked my pajamas. I'll go and get them now. I'll be back before you know it."
Ivor knew Bonnie was trying to change the subject. "You can do that later, can't you? We'll see each other n*** anyway. What difference does it make?"
Bonnie thought it made a difference. However, she had already agreed to shower with him. She also knew she would look terrible if she broke her promise. Nonetheless, Bonnie still wondered how to shake Ivor off naturally.
Ivor saw through her thoughts but smiled instead of exposing her. He feigned ignorance and asked, "Why aren't you taking off your clothes? Are you trying to go back on your word?"
"Do I look like I'd do something like that?" Bonnie retorted stubbornly. Although she considered taking back her words, she had to preserve her dignity.
Meanwhile, Ivor said sarcastically, "Oh? If you don't want to break your promise, get to it."
Bonnie's lips twitched. She knew she
could no longer make excuses. Ivor's smile grew wider when he noticed her expression. He grabbed the hem of his shirt and said "If you're too shy to do it, I'll go first." 
His words confused Bonnie and caught her off guard. She said, "Wh-what?"
Ivor removed his shirt, revealing his muscles making Bonnie squint.
'He looks even better after we've been apart for so long. His muscles are so well-defined. They look so tempting that I can't help but want to touch them.'
Bonnie instinctively reached for his abdomen. When she touched it, she could only think of one thing, 'Ivor's muscles are just as firm as I imagined.'
Ivor got turned on when he felt Bonnie touching him. Initially, he only wanted to foo around with her before leaving and letting her fake a shower. However, things had escalated to this point. 
He said huskily, "Are you done touching me, Bonnie?"
"No, not yet. What's wrong? Can't I feel my husband up?" Bonnie spoke boldly.
There was nothing to be shy about since they were a married couple That meant Bonnie could do whatever she wanted to Ivor. He even thought it would be ridiculous not to let her do anything. 
###Chapter 1404
Ivor did not expect his wife to be so straightforward. He was stunned as he sensed her tracing his abdomen. He gulped and said, "You're playing with fire, Bonnie."
Bonnie raised her brows and thought of how to get her revenge. She caressed his abdomen even more s*** and pulled herself closer to him. "So what if I am? What will you do about it?"
Her sweet breath brushing Ivor's cheeks was somewhat s***, stunning him. He thought she was too alluring tonight and could not control himself. Ivor found it hard to breathe as he stared at his wife profoundly.
Bonnie felt uneasy with how he looked at her. She realized what he was about to do but could not afford to let it show. Otherwise, she could not carry out her plan. Ultimately, Bonnie calmly moved her hand toward his neck.
"Why aren't you saying anything?" she asked.
Meanwhile, Ivor's breathing grew heavier as he stared at his wife intensely. "Bonnie, I-"
A hint of playfulness flashed in Bonnie's eyes when she saw the slightly ajar door. Then, she held his tie and slowly led him outside, asking, "What is it?"
Ivor could not think clearly and could only stare at his wife. He did not even notice her actions. "Bonnie, I think the bathroom is a good place to do it."
Bonnie feigned ignorance. "What do you mean?"
"We can do it..." Ivor's eyes darkened. He was about to say something, but his wife withdrew her hand and bolted out of the bathroom before closing the door and locking it.
Before Ivor could realize what had happened, Bonnie had locked him in the bathroom. He tapped the door and asked, "What are you doing?"
"Oh, nothing much. I notice you're all worked up, so I gave you the whole bathroom to take a cold shower to calm yourself down." Bonnie crossed her arms and smiled cunningly.
Finally, Ivor realized Bonnie had
deliberately s*** him to trap him.
in the bathroom. He had fallen for her trick like a simpleton and did not even notice it until it was too late. He looked down at his groin and gritted his teeth with a helpless
smile. 
'I just love and hate my wife sometimes.'
Bonnie noticed her husband's silence and could just imagine his reaction. She grinned and said, "Enjoy your shower, honey! I'll bathe in the room next door."
Then, she unlocked the bathroom
door and quickly went to the other room. Ivor heard the click and opened the door. To his surprise, it opened in one pull. He intended to grab Bonnie to teach her a lesson, but she was not there.
Ivor recalled what Bonnie said a moment ago. She was probably in the next room since she was not in this one. He realized what had happened and could not help but smile.
Ivor thought, 'Bonnie looked like she
had fun fooling me. She should be afraid of what I'll do to her now. That said, I didn't plan on bathing with her for reat I just wanted to fool around, but she tricked me instead. I guess that makes us even.'
He knew he needed to calm down, or he would not be able to suppress his urges. Then, he took a deep breath and sighed.
###Chapter 1405
Ivor looked around the room and saw Bonnie's sleeping gown on the bed. Although the next room had electricity and running water, nothing else was inside. If Bonnie did not bring her nightgown there, she would have nothing to wear after her shower.
Ivor smiled mischievously and went to the bathroom. After a quick shower, he took his wife's sleeping gown and went to the next room. Twenty minutes later, Bonnie dried her hair and looked for her sleeping gown. To her surprise, it was not there.
"Hmm, where are my pajamas?" Bonnie was stunned. Then, she remembered leaving it in the other room.
'I have to get it and get dressed,' with that in mind, Bonnie recalled how she had tricked her husband, 'Not only did I mislead him, but I also locked him in the bathroom. I'd be playing with fire if I go back there. What should I do now?'
Bonnie had never felt troubled by her actions. Moreover, she had no solutions for this mess. Even someone as intelligent as her could make careless mistakes.
Suddenly, she heard someone knocking on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
Ivor's charming voice echoed, "I noticed you forgot your pajamas, Bonnie. I came to pass them to you."
Bonnie was startled when she heard his voice. Since she had just teased
him, she wondered why he would help her by bringing over her sleeping gown. She looked suspicious when saying, "J-Just put them by the door. I'll get them when
I come out later." 
She wanted to see if Ivor was genuinely helping her out or if he had other intentions.
"Sure, I'll hang it on the doorknob.
Just open the door a crack, and you can take it. Don't worry-I won't do anything to you," Ivor spoke in his typical warm tone so Bonnie could not detect anything suspicious. 
Even so, she was no fool. She refused to believe her husband would just help her after she made a fool of him. After some thought, Bonnie said, "Well, put it down, and leave, I'll come to our bedroom once
I get dressed." 
"Okay," Ivor responded briefly and left.
As his footsteps faded, Bonnie watched through the frosted glass door. Her suspicions grew as she muttered, "What's happening now? Did he just leave? Maybe I misunderstood him, after all." However, she did not act rashly. Instead, she stood there and waited quietly.
###Chapter 1406
Chapter 1406
Bonnie waited for three minutes and heard nothing. So, she opened the bathroom door and felt around the door handle for her nightgown. When she felt a bag, she thought Ivor just wanted to make it easier to grab.
'I didn't expect that. Ivor wasn't mad about me teasing him, and he was even thoughtful enough to give me my pajamas.'
Bonnie closed the bathroom door again and opened the bag. She was stunned to see a light blue lace lingerie inside. She wondered if her husband had swapped her sleeping gown because that was not the one she picked.
'I-Is this what I think it is?!'
Her lips twitched once she saw the whole thing.
'I knew Ivor wouldn't bring me my pajamas out of kindness. He has something else in mind.'
Meanwhile, Ivor hid nearby and grinned, watching as his wife took the bag from the doorknob. Initially, he wanted to bring her the pajamas. However, he changed his mind halfway and gave her the lingerie he had prepared for her long ago.
After all, it had been long since they were last intimate. Ivor wanted to ensure he got something out of it as he had spent plenty of time picking out that lingerie and could not wait to see Bonnie in it.
Bonnie looked at the lingerie and finally realized what had happened earlier. However, she felt a headache coming on. After all, she would be doing what Ivor wanted if she wore it.
'What if I don't wear it? Then, I'd have to go out n***. So, should I wear this?'
Bonnie stood there and mulled it

over. Eventually, she wore the lingerie, as it was much better than being n***. She put it on in less than a minute and then looked at herself in the mirror. Bonnie blushed, muttering, "Am I supposed to go out there looking like this? It's seems a little-" 
Suddenly, someone opened the bathroom door. Before Bonnie knew it, Ivor grabbed her waists. Bonnie felt his warm breath on her neck as he said, "You look better in this than I imagined."
He looked at her through the mirror,
and his gaze fingered on her
of how tender and perky they
cleavage. He could not get
looked Ivor could barely hold
himself back as he tightened his grip
on her waist. 
Bonnie felt his boner, and she squirmed instinctively. "Hey, I didn't tell you to come in! What are you doing here?"
Ivor grabbed her flailing arms and rested his chin on her shoulder. "We're married, and you're not n***. Do I need permission to enter the bathroom?"
Bonnie felt her husband's warmth and blushed but tried to calm herself down. Then, she tried to push Ivor away, but he squeezed her tighter Bonnie said softly, "W-We might be married, but you still have to ask for permission before coming in here. It's good manners." 
“Oh, is that so?” Ivor dragged his words, “But I'm already here, so what should we do? Do you want me to leave and ask for permission?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes, thinking, 'He's already in here, so what's the point in that?'
Instead of speaking her mind, she said, "Don't bother doing something so redundant. Just let me go."
###Chapter 1407
Chapter 1407
"I don't want to let you go, so what should we do?" Ivor sniffed Bonnie as his eyes flashed with l***.
"Well, for starters-" Bonnie was annoyed, but Ivor cut her off before she could finish.
"I thought you said it's impolite not to ask for permission. Well, I have something to ask.”
Bonnie grew suspicious, wondering what he wanted to ask. “What is it, Ivor?"
He whispered, "Can we do it?"
Bonnie blushed. "You-"
Ivor interrupted by pinching her chin and kissing her.
"Mmph..." Bonnie could not help but m***. When she tried to push her husband away, he kissed her more passionately, taking her breath away and making her legs numb. She even had to grab his arms to stay standing.
Ivor lifted Bonnie onto the sink and kissed her some more. She was in a daze and could see her red complexion through the mirror.
The following day, Bonnie woke up to Ivor's affectionate gaze. The latter said, "Good morning. I made you breakfast. Eat it before it gets cold, okay?"
Bonnie felt her sore body and rolled
her eyes at him. She grumbled, "If you think making me breakfast will make me forgive you, you have another thing coming. You won't be touching me for a while month." 
The couple went all the way last
night, and Ivor did not stop until et
was almost dawn. Bonnie felt like her waist could break soon and was frustrated with Ivor. 
However, he patted her head lovingly and said, "I'm sorry for losing control last night. I promise to be gentler next time."
"You can dream if you think there will be a next time." Last night, Bonnie learned the hard way not to believe him again. Ivor had promised to be gentle and said it would be the last time, but he dragged her into an endless love-making scene. 
'I shouldn't believe everything he says!'
Bonnie scoffed and took the breakfast tray from Ivor. "Give this to me and leave."
Ivor chuckled and stood from the bed. "I'll leave you to it, then."
Bonnie was stunned, not expecting him to be so obedient. She instinctively asked, "Where are you going?"
Ivor grinned and sat back down. "What's wrong? Are you reluctant to watch me leave?"
Bonnie started eating and said, “You're overthinking it. I can't wait until you leave and stop being an eyesore."
Ivor chuckled. "Don't be stubborn. I need to leave anyway. Something came up, and I need to deal with it. I have a surprise for you when I get back."
###Chapter 1408
Chapter 1408
Bonnie became curious and turned to look at Ivor, asking, “What kind of surprise are we talking about?"
He brushed his fingers through her silky hair and said mysteriously, "You'll find out soon enough."
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him and scolded, "You're stringing me along again!"
"It won't be a surprise if I tell you, would it?" Ivor kissed her lips and said, "Get some rest and wait for me at home."
"Fine, just go." Bonnie waved in annoyance. Although seemingly impatient, she purposely lowered her head to hide her blushing face.
Even so, Ivor noticed her blushing. He grinned and stood up as he watched her halfheartedly eat her breakfast. Then, he said warmly, "I'm leaving now."
Bonnie's lips twitched. "You're just going to work. You're not going off to die or anything. Why do you keep telling me you're leaving?"
"Okay, I'll stop if you want." Ivor got closer to Bonnie instead.
She was puzzled, asking, "What are you—"
Before she could finish, he kissed her lips again and took her breath away. After some time, Ivor stopped and pressed his forehead on hers, saying, "I just don't like leaving you, even for a second." 
Bonnie regained her composure and could not help but frown. "Something's off about you today? What on earth are you going to do?"
Ivor stood upright and avoided her question. "Rest, okay? I'll be home soon."
Then, he left the room without giving his wife another chance to pry. Bonnie sat on the bed and watched him go with a hint of suspicion in her eyes, wondering what he had planned for her surprise.
Bonnie was worried about what would happen to her husband and also looked forward to the surprise However, she knew better than to ask Ivor about something he would not reveal. She could only wait quietly for his return. 
After breakfast, Bonnie changed her clothes and went to the living room. Sigmund was playing chess against himself when he saw her coming down. He greeted her warmly, "Perfect timing, Bonnie. It's been a while since we last played chess. Would you like to play a few rounds?" 
Since Bonnie had visited Sigmund to accompany him, she accepted his offer and sat across from him, saying, “Sure, Grandpa. Do you want the black or white pieces?"
Sigmund rubbed his chin in thought and said, "I always pick the white pieces, but I'll switch it up today. I feel they'll bring me good luck this time." Bonnie could not help but giggle when she heard that.
###Chapter 1409
Chapter 1409
"All right, Grandpa. You can pick whichever color you want."
"Okay, let's begin," Sigmund said as he turned the board around.
Bonnie smiled warmly and moved a white pawn piece. The older man was about to take his turn but suddenly said, "Don't go easy on me, Bonnie. Give me everything you've got. I want to see if I've improved."
Bonnie raised a brow and said, "Have you been practicing to beat me?"
"Of course I have! I felt awful after losing to you last time. Since you two weren't home for so long, I got bored and studied chess. You should notice how much I've improved this time. Maybe."
Sigmund was unsure of himself and had to play against Bonnie to know if he had improved. Bonnie smiled and was about to reply, but he added, "Although I felt terrible losing last time, that's just how life is.
"Don't go easy on me, okay? Otherwise, it'll mean you don't respect my chess skills. That'll make me feel worse."
"You got it, Grandpa." Bonnie nodded. “I'll give it everything I have. Don't worry."
"Fantastic!" Sigmund laughed heartily. "Let's both go all out."
"Gotcha," Bonnie responded and made her next move. Ultimately, she went easy on him at the end of the match. The duo played three games, and Sigmund only won one.
ve
However, that was enough to make him happy. 
"Well, I'll be damned! Checkmate! I beat you!"
Bonnie smiled and praised him, "You did it, Grandpa! It looks like your practice paid off. I won't be able to win anymore if you keep it up."
She had subtly taken it easy on him, so he had no idea. He smiled triumphantly and said, "I never won against you. I can't believe I finally did it. Let's play some more next time. I'll try to win more matches."
Sigmund knew Bonnie was a masterful chess player. When he finally beat her, he felt a profound sense of achievement. Although he only won one match, it was enough to make his day.
Bonnie knew she did the right thing
1
when she saw how he beamed.
However, she did not let it show and
continued to motivate him, "Keep up the good work, Grandpa. I looke forward to seeing more
breakthroughs." 
Sigmund felt like a kid on Christmas morning. "Yeah, I'll keep improving. You must spend more time with me, too. I have no one else to play chess with, after all."
Bonnie felt a little heartbroken when she heard that. "All right, Grandpa. I'll spend more time with you whenever I can."
She knew Sigmund was at the age when he needed company. That was why Bonnie missed him the most while she was away at Yale.
Sigmund smiled, saying, "I feel much better hearing that. I hope you'll play with me more to see if I can win another match."
###Chapter 1410
Chapter 1410
Sigmund and Bonnie continued playing chess until the afternoon when Ivor returned. The latter noticed how tired his grandfather looked and said, "Grandpa, I know you love playing chess with Bonnie, but you have a condition. You can't sit for so long and need to move."
Bonnie felt helpless, saying, "I told Grandpa that more than ten times now, but he just wouldn't listen to me."
“We'll have one last match, okay? I'll stroll around the garden after that.” Sigmund knew they were right and that they were just concerned for him. So, he dared not ask Bonnie to continue playing.
"We'll be around for a good while, Grandpa. You'll have plenty of chances to play chess with Bonnie. There's no rush, "Ivor took the chess piece from Sigmund and said, "You don't need another match. Time to walk around."
Sigmund could not help but grumble, "You won't even let me play one more? How petty are you?"
"You can call me petty all you want, but playing chess is not as important as your health.” Ivor looked at Alfred and ordered, "Please take Grandpa to the garden."
"Right away, Mr. Ivor," Alfred responded before approaching Sigmund. “Come on, Mr. Sigmund."
Although reluctant, Sigmund had no choice but to leave. He pouted and grunted in frustration as he followed Alfred to the garden.
Bonnie watched as he left and thought he looked somewhat adorable. Then, she looked at Ivor and asked, "You could've let him play one more round. Why'd you take his chess piece away? Don't you see how mad you made him?"
"I know my grandfather well. He'll want another match if he isn't satisfied with how it ends. Then, he'll keep asking for a rematch. There's no such thing as a last round for him." Ivor tossed the chess piece on the table and added, "Taking this away from Grandpa was the only way."
Bonnie chuckled. "You make it sound like he's a child."
Ivor scoffed. "He is a child. He even needs people to accompany him on his walks."
After recalling everything that had
happened while playing chess with Sigmund, Bonnie agreed with Ivor, saying, "That sounds about right. Grandpa does act like a kid
sometimes." 
Ivor felt heartbroken when he

thought about how Sigmund was always alone at home. The former
said 'That's why we must ne
more time with him." 
Bonnie looked at him and questioned, "Why bother stating the obvious?"
Ivor grinned. "I guess you're right."
Bonnie blushed as he stared at her confidently. She awkwardly turned away and said, "You always do this."
Then, she thought of something and looked at him, asking, "How was work?"
Ivor nodded. "All done."
Bonnie looked at him up and down.
"I thought you said you had a
surprise for me once you returel
Where is it?" FindNovel.Org
"I thought you'd never ask." Ivor smiled warmly.
###Chapter 1411
"You were the one who told me you had a surprise." Bonnie pouted. "It's okay if you don't have one. I didn't ask for it anyway."
She had to admit she was pretty excited about the surprise. She could not help but think about it even while playing chess with Sigmund. However, she felt disappointed when she saw Ivor returning empty- handed.
Even so, she did not intend to pressure Ivor if he had not prepared anything. She also guessed he was too busy and forgot about it.
At that moment, Ivor led her upstairs and said, "I was just kidding. Of course, I have a surprise for you. Did you think your husband would break his promise?"
Bonnie's disappointment disappeared when she heard that. She feigned indifference and asked, "I don't see anything in your hands or pockets. Since you were at work, I thought you forgot. I wonder what the surprise is."
Ivor smiled and said mysteriously, "Why don't you guess?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "Are you teasing me again? Fine, I won't ask."
Ivor entered the room with Bonnie and said, "I'm not teasing you. I just want you to guess what the surprise is. Do you have one?"
"I'm not a mind-reader. Of course, I
won't have a guess." Bonnie noticed
a slight bulge in her husband's
b*** pocket as she spoke. Then, her
eyes lit up as she reached for it and added, "Hah, I guess your
surprise is here!" 
As she reached toward him, she accidentally hit him.
Ivor grunted and turned slightly pale. "Ugh-"
Bonnie grew anxious and quickly checked on him. "Are you okay?!"
He took a deep breath and shook his head. He tried to act casual, saying, "I'm fine."
"You should be," Bonnie said, growing more suspicious, "I know my strength. I couldn't have hurt you that badly."
Then, she realized something and continued, "Hey, did you get injured and not want to tell me about it?"
Ivor was delighted with how worried
his
mistaken, Bonnie. I'm not
injured." o
inas. Still, he had no injuri
"I don't believe you!" Bonnie insisted, thinking he was lying to keep her from worrying. She decided to find out for herself and grabbed his shirt, tearing open its buttons. 
###Chapter 1412
Rip!
Ivor's shirt tore open, shocking Bonnie and causing her to stammer, "Y-You got a "
Ivor had several black letters over his heart that spelled her name. He had kept his promise to her and "engraved" the person he loved most on his heart.
The tattoo was new, and the skin around it was still red and swollen. That was why it hurt when Bonnie touched it. She thought he had gotten injured, but fortunately, she was mistaken. Even so, his chest was sore and a little damp with blood.
"Why did you " Bonnie took a deep breath and gently touched the tattoo, asking, "Does it hurt?"
Although Ivor was pale, seeing the concern in his wife's eyes made it worth it. He replied, "No, it doesn't hurt."
Bonnie became teary-eyed, scolding, "Liar!"
She knew he was in pain but claimed it did not hurt.
Ivor knew his wife was worried, so he slowly pulled her into his arms and said, "It doesn't hurt as much as you think. You married a tough man. This pain is nothing."
Bonnie stayed quietly in his embrace but felt a pang of heartache whenever she looked at the tattoo.
"Why would you do this to yourself?" Bonnie sighed and lightly felt the tattoo. "It's such an immature thing to do."
Ivor held her hand on his chest and sighed. "know it is, but I couldn't help but want to get it because of you. thought it'd show how much you meant to me." 
Bonnie thought he was being foolish. "You almost died for me last
time. already know how much you I
for me. I wouldn't have married you otherwise." 
"I know, but..." Ivor pressed his forehead against hers. "...but I Keep showing you how important
are to me." 
His love for his wife was more profound than ever imagined.
Bonnie did not know how to express her feelings. After some thought, she finally said, "You're just a fool!"
'Why would he do something so childish to prove his love for me?'
She felt touched but also heartbroken. She never expected Ivor to go to such lengths for her.
"I guess you're right," Ivor said softly before kissing Bonnie's lips.
###Chapter 1413
Ivor said, "I'm a fool, but I'm your fool."
Bonnie was touched and a little angry, not knowing what to do with her hopeless romantic of a husband. When he kissed her, she bit his lip and pulled away.
"Ahh!" Ivor gasped in pain and looked at his wife in surprise. "You—"
He did not expect Bonnie to be so aggressive. However, she kissed him again before he could complain.
Ivor was in a daze as Bonnie grabbed his collar. "Don't ever do something this childish again, got it?"
Though Ivor's gesture had moved Bonnie, she did not want his love to come at the cost of hurting himself. She thought their love should be mutual, with both contributing equally.
"I understand." Ivor raised a hand and swore. "I'll never do something like this again."
Bonnie chuckled helplessly at his serious demeanor. "Remember that and keep your word, or I'll get mad."
Ivor nodded. "Yes, ma'am!"
Bonnie sighed and shook her head with a smile, realizing she had no absolute control over her husband.
Meanwhile, Ivor glanced down at his tattoo with satisfaction. "I think,
great. It feels like I'm
piece of you wherever I
Bonnie was stunned. She did not fully understand his sentiment but chose to respect it. "It's whatever as long as you're happy."
Ivor smiled and said proudly, "I like everything about it."
"You're being cheeky again," Bonnie muttered as she blushed.
Ivor noticed it and felt an urge to kiss her.
Bonnie was stunned when she felt his lips. She blushed even more when she realized what had happened. She quickly covered her cheek and moved away from Ivor. "What are you doing?!" 
"Huh?" Ivor feigned confusion. "What do you mean? Here, let me make it more apparent."
He took a step closer as Bonnie's heart raced. "Stay away from me, Ivor."
Ivor raised a brow and feigned ignorance. "If I don't get closer now, you won't understand what I mean."
He moved in as he spoke.
Bonnie's waist was already sore from last night's "activities." If he continued, she would be bedridden tomorrow. So, she stopped him from approaching and said, "I know what you mean! You don't have to come closer to explain yourself!" 
###Chapter 1414
"Oh, is that so?" Ivor said, "So, tell me, what was I doing?"
Bonnie looked at him suspiciously, asking, "Are you sure you want me to explain your shameless actions?"
Ivor raised a brow. "Go ahead, I don't mind."
Bonnie's lips twitched as she said, "I've met plenty of shameless people, but none were as shameless as you!"
Ivor chuckled and approached Bonnie while she backed off, trapping her against a wall. He asked, "Do you believe I can be even more shameless than that?"
Naturally, Bonnie believed him. After all, he had shown her that before. She kept her arms out to keep him from getting too close. "I-I don't care what you want to do, but you should stay away from me." "But I must get close if I want to do shameless things," Ivor said, moving even closer.
The distance between them shrank until Bonnie could almost feel his warmth, flustering her. After remembering last night's "torture," she shouted, "No more! If you keep going, you'll break my waist!" She had to say that, or she would be bedridden tomorrow. Although she sounded exaggerated, it was true.
Bonnie's exclamation caused a pin-drop silence. She slowly looked up and met his eyes. She realized what she had said and rolled her eyes before pushing him away.
Bonnie complained, "Y-You just like teasing me!"
Ivor looked amused and even
feigned a caring demeanor. "I know you had it rough last night, and f don't plan on continuing. Still, you sound like you regret that I didn't continue." 
His warm breath brushed Bonnie's cheek as he added, "It's easy if you want to make that a reality. I can do that for you now."
Bonnie shoved him away again. "Don't twist my words."
Ivor chuckled helplessly. "That's just how I understood it. What, did I misunderstand you?"
"Of course I know your thoughts! Stop trying to be slick!" Bonnie lost
count of how many times she b
Swnove
rolled her eyes since she returned to him. 
'One moment, he does something touching, and the next, he makes me want to shut him up! That's a unique talent if I say so myself!'
Ivor gazed into his wife's eyes, saying, "Fine, I admit I went overboard. We can't do too much but can do other things, right?"
Bonnie did not understand what he meant and instinctively asked, "What do—"
Before she could finish, Ivor grabbed her chin and kissed her passionately. It was even more intense than last night's kiss.
Bonnie knew they would lose
themselves like last night if they continued. Somehow, she could not resist letting it happen, and her usually clear mind turned to mush. en.swhovels.net
###Chapter 1415
Bonnie thought, 'If my waist gives out, so be it. I'll recover within two to three days. After all, we haven't seen each other for a long time. It's time I let Ivor indulge a little.'
With that in mind, she slowly closed her eyes. Ivor knew that meant she would allow him to do as he pleased. He did not want to restrain himself and went with the flow, intending not to be as excessive as last night.
Once they reached a mutual understanding, everything progressed. However, Bonnie's phone rang and interrupted their intimate moment.
Buzz, buzz, buzz!
Bonnie snapped out of her daze and shoved Ivor away, blushing as she said, "Um, I-I need to take this call."
She felt ashamed of her earlier thoughts.
'Why did I let Ivor have his way with me like that? I should stick to my principles next time.'
Ivor felt uncomfortable and frustrated. He said hoarsely, "Bonnie, can't you take that call later? Finish what we started, or I'll explode."
Bonnie looked away with unease, stammering, "I-I should take this call. I-It might be something important from the lab."
Ivor cooled down once he heard the lab was calling. "Fine, take the call while I take a cold shower."
Everyone knew what taking a cold shower meant. Bonnie cleared her throat before turning to retrieve her phone. Her brows furrowed when she realized one of the university professors was calling. 
'I shouldn't answer this call with Ivor here. Still, I haven't attended university because of the chip. If it's noteworthy- No, I must take this call.'
Bonnie glanced at Ivor. Since he was
not paying attention, she stood and went to the other room to answer the call or heard the door closing but did not overthink it. Instead he assumed his wife just needed some privacy. 
Bonnie locked the door and answered, "Hello, Professor Corbin. How can I help you?"
Corbin's cautious voice sounded,
"Ms. Jody, have you been busy with research lately? I don't want to disturb you, but it's importantand needs your insight." 
After some thought, Bonnie said, "I'll come by tomorrow, and we can discuss it then."
###Chapter 1416
Corbin thought Bonnie was busy and did not expect her to agree so quickly. He was overjoyed, saying, "Perfect! The whole faculty and I will be at the university tomorrow waiting for you!" Bonnie's lips twitched after hearing his excited voice. "There's no need to be excited."
Corbin chuckled. "We know you don't like being flashy, so we won't make it a big deal. However, you haven't been around, and most professors are doing field research. We must notify them to ensure everyone is available when you need them."
After some thought, Bonnie said, "If they're doing field research, let them continue their work. I'll handle the school matters."
Corbin knew not to question Bonnie's capabilities, so he did not insist. "Understood, we'll do as you say."
Bonnie responded lightly, "See you tomorrow."
"Indeed, we will." With that, Corbin hung up.
Meanwhile, Bonnie put her phone in her pocket, used the toilet, and came out.
Ivor's discomfort eased considerably during his wait. When he heard the door click, he looked up and saw Bonnie. "How'd it go? Did you settle things with the lab?"
Bonnie nodded. "Yeah, I did, but the school called and asked me to go there tomorrow."
"Have you been that busy with experiments lately? You even forgot to attend school," Ivor quickly deduced the situation.
Bonnie felt guilty, saying, "Well, yeah. I've been so busy that I didn't even have time to visit Grandpa. Of course, I wouldn't have time to go to school, either."
"I guess you're right." Ivor nodded.
Suddenly he smiled as if he had an idea. "Even if you don't attend
school, they won't say anything to a student as exceptional as you, right?" . FindNovel.net
Bonnie was puzzled. After all, the school did not reprimand her for being absent for so long because she was the university president and Ms. Bonita. Otherwise, it would not matter how excellent she was.
However, Ivor knew she was Ms. Bonita, so his comment seemed teasing. He noticed her silence and asked, "Should I take you there tomorrow?" "You don't need to." Bonnie refused without much thought.
Upon hearing her quick refusal, Ivor feigned disappointment. "Why not? Are you ashamed of me or something?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "I thought you'd have work piled up at the company since you've been away for so long. I wanted you to handle business, but since you insist, you can send me to school tomorrow. I don't feel like driving anyway." 
Ivor smiled faintly. "So, you were being considerate. Sorry, I misunderstood you."
Then, he kissed his wife's cheek and said, "You're so caring."
Bonnie blushed and playfully shoved him away. "You always take every chance you can to take advantage of me!"
Ivor laughed helplessly, "How can you say I'm taking advantage of my wife?"
###Chapter 1417
"So, what is it then?" Bonnie glared at her husband.
Ivor smirked and leaned closer, whispering, "It's called being rightful."
Bonnie's eyes widened. "Can't you be a little more decent?"
She regretted her words because she knew Ivor loved teasing her. However, she had given him the perfect chance to flirt.
Ivor shook his head, asking, "What's dignity compared to my wife?"
Bonnie was speechless, knowing she could not outwit him in these exchanges. Ivor looked at his wife and thought her expression was adorable. He embraced her and said, "Since you've dealt with the phone call, shall we continue where we left off?"
Earlier, Bonnie thought Ivor's discomfort had subsided. She thought she had dodged a bullet, but he did not intend to let her off so quickly. Realizing that, she looked distressed.
Bonnie had already promised Corbin that she would attend university the following day. If she fooled around with Ivor again, she might not wake up in the morning. She even considered telling Corbin to reschedule the meeting.
Ivor noticed her distress and realized he might have gone too far last night. If he pushed her too much, she might make him sleep on the couch for a month.
Ultimately he did not want to
exhaust her and chose to
compromise. He playfully
her waist and said, "What, are you scared? I was just kidding
Bonnie was shocked as she looked at her husband suspiciously. "Are you sure?"
'He usually means it whenever he's
like that, but he's saying it's a joke this time. It's hard to believe. Ische
trying to lower my guard to pull off a
bigger trap?' 
As Bonnie pondered, Ivor rested his chin on her shoulder and nuzzled her, saying, "Yeah, I know I wore you out last night, so we should take it easy today. I don't want to exhaust yout." 
Ivor skillfully kneaded her waist as he added, "Does your waist feel sore? Here, lay down, and I'll massage it for you."
Bonnie raised a brow. "You're pretty considerate."
Ivor chuckled and continued to massage her waist. "Of course I am. We have our whole lives ahead. There's no rush. Also, you're already mine."
###Chapter 1418
Ivor's sweet words caused Bonnie to blush. His warmth spread to her heart, but she playfully pushed him away and changed the subject, saying, "I thought you said you'd massage my waist. Stop wasting time."
Ivor noticed her shyness. He smiled but feared teasing her further would make her kick him out of the room. So, he continued to massage her, saying, "All right, I'll just focus on massaging you."
Bonnie wondered how her husband became even more skillful at flirting in just half a month. She used to be able to handle it, but now he made her flustered.
However, she realized it was not necessarily a bad thing. Despite their long separation, their relationship remained intimate. It was a relationship she had longed for.
The following day, Bonnie woke up to an empty bed. She felt her husband's warmth on the other side of the bed, indicating he had only just gotten up. Then, she heard the bathroom door open and saw Ivor. When their eyes met, Ivor smiled and said, "You're awake."
"Mhm." Bonnie yawned and then realized he had already gotten dressed and ready for work.
She remembered him offering to send her to the university and said, "Your office is far from the university. You don't have to take me if you're too busy, y'know."
"It's okay, Bonnie. I'm not in a rush," Ivor said as he led her to the bathroom, "Go ahead and get ready while I make breakfast. We can leave after eating."
Bonnie nodded. "Okay, I'll see you downstairs."
е
Several minutes later, she finished preparing and went downstairs. She saw only Ivor sitting at the dining table "Where's Grandpa? He's usually up by now." 
"Uncle Gunnar came by to take Grandpa to stay with him for a few days. I agreed since I figured we'd both be busy and wouldn't have time to keep Granpa company." Ivor pushed a bowl of tomato soup toward her and added, "Here, eat up before it gets cold." 
Bonnie drank the soup and said, "It's with Uncle
good than War. Then, he won't feel I
we're too busy to be.net
him."
"That's what I thought, too." Ivor smiled. "We're so in sync."
Bonnie rolled her eyes and chose not to respond. She knew he would be more energized the more she engaged with him.
After breakfast, the couple left together. Bonnie repeatedly yawned in the car and thought it was odd, considering she had slept early last night.
"I went to bed pretty early last night. Why am I yawning so much?"
Ivor suggested, "Maybe it's because you're still exhausted from the night before last?"
###Chapter 1419
Ivor wrapped his arm around Bonnie's shoulder, letting her lean against him. "If you're tired, sleep. I'll wake you once we're there." "Okay," Bonnie replied. She did not argue as she felt pretty sleepy. She rested her head on Ivor's chest and closed her eyes.
They reached the university an hour later, and Floyd parked the car. He looked back and said, "Mr. Ivor, we're here—"
Ivor quickly gestured for silence. "Shh, let her sleep a little longer."
He thought Bonnie had spent most of her time at the research institute while he was away. He also knew she tirelessly worked once she got involved in experiments.
Ivor also suspected her exhaustion was caused by their antics the night before last and her relentless lab work.
Floyd nodded and whispered, "Understood, Mr. Ivor."
Bonnie woke up about ten minutes later and looked around before checking the time. She turned to Ivor and smiled. "How long has it been since we arrived? Why didn't you wake me?"
"We just got here. There was some traffic while you were asleep. I was about to wake you, but you did it yourself," Ivor smoothly told a white lie.
"Are you sure?" Bonnie was skeptical. She thought Ivor had let her sleep since he had done it before.
"Mhm." Ivor did not elaborate. Instead, he glanced at his watch before looking back at his wife, saying, "It's getting late. You should head in. I need to go to the office, too."
Bonnie did not want to delay Ivor any longer, so she nodded. "All right, you go ahead. I should go in."
As she motioned to open the door, Ivor called out to her, "Bonnie."
She turned back, puzzled. "What is it?"
"Aren't you forgetting something?" Ivor tapped his lips, hinting at what he wanted.
Bonnie instantly understood his
gesture but feigned ignorance. She looked around the car and asked again, "What did I forget? I have my phone I don't think I brought anything else from home besides that." 
Ivor tapped his lips again. "You forgot this."
Bonnie tilted her head, acting clueless. "What's that?"
She opened the car door and pretended to be in a rush.
don't tell me, I'll head in now..
Otherwise, I'll be late." "Younet
Ivor knew she was playing dumb. His eyes darkened as he hummed in annoyance. As Bonnie was about to step out, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her back. Before Bonnie knew it, she was in her husband's arms. 
"You-"
Ivor silenced her with a kiss before she could say anything.
###Chapter 1420
"Mmm... You..." Bonnie struggled, concerned about people coming and going around the university. She did not want others to see what was happening as it would reflect poorly on her. Although everyone at the university was a young adult and unaware that Bonnie was the university president, she felt a solid responsibility to set a proper example to the students and not engage in such inappropriate behavior.
Ivor gradually stopped when he noticed his wife's unusual reaction. He pressed his forehead against hers and reassured her, "Don't worry. I tinted the car windows so no one can see us."
Bonnie calmed down when she heard that. Then, she glanced at the dark windows.
'Of course! How did I forget something so crucial? Struggling in Ivor's arms almost caused a scene.'
Ivor chuckled when he noticed she had regained her composure. "Feeling better now?"
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him and said, "Yeah, right! If you hadn't done that so suddenly, I wouldn't have forgotten about the tinted windows!"
"All right, fine. My bad," Ivor said while affectionately ruffling her hair, "You said you were running late, didn't you? Go ahead."
Bonnie rolled her eyes again before
leaving the car. Then, she turned around and warned, "Don't do that again at the school gate. It looks
bad." 
"I understand." Ivor nodded and raised his hand, promising, "I swear I won't do it again in front of the school gate."
"You better not!" Bonnie glanced sideways at him, scoffed, and walked away.
Ivor revealed a helpless smile as he watched her leave.
'She's always adorable to me, even when she's mad.'
Floyd turned to Ivor and intended to ask where they were headed next. However, the former stopped when he noticed his boss's bright smile. Floyd never saw Ivor this happy when they were at Yale. 
'Mr. Ivor never showed such joy until he finally returned to his wife. Tsk, tsk, tsk. The power of love is remarkable. It can bring happiness, despair, and even uncertainty. On that note, when is my turn for a passionate relationship? I want to experience the pains of love, too.' 
Ivor looked away from the departing Bonnie and looked at Floyd. Ivor noticed Floyd's glare and asked, "What is it?"
Floyd returned to his senses, saying, "Uh, I was just thinking I want to experience the feeling of love—"
###Chapter 1421
Floyd realized what he was saying and quickly covered his mouth.
'Damn it! I lost control of my mouth and admitted to Mr. Ivor that I wanted to experience love! I hope he doesn't accuse me of being unfocused at work and fire me.'
The more he thought about it, the more anxious he became. He turned back and glanced at the rearview mirror to observe his boss's expression.
However, Ivor raised a brow curiously. He asked, "Did you say you want to experience what love feels like?"
Floyd shook his head and waved. "No, no, Mr. Ivor! I was just "
Before he could finish, Ivor decided for him, "You don't have to explain yourself. You're not that young anymore, so wanting to experience love is normal. I'll discuss it with her when Bonnie returns from school tonight.
"We'll arrange a few blind dates. Then, you can see if anyone's suitable for you. If you like anyone, try going on a few more dates. No pressure."
If it were anyone else, Ivor would not have been so considerate. However, Floyd had worked for him for many years. Since Ivor had settled a significant matter, he could not neglect his assistant.
'I guess it's time to consider Floyd's future.'
"Y-You don't have to do that, Mr. Ivor," Floyd instinctively refused. He had mistakenly said that and did not expect his boss to take it so seriously.
"No, I've decided," Ivor said firmly.
Floyd could only nod. "All right, boss, I appreciate it."
"Good," Ivor responded faintly.
As Floyd's thoughts settled, he remembered what he had wanted to ask Ivor before the slight interruption. "By the way, Mr. Ivor. Where are we going now? To the company?"
Ivor shook his head. "No, we're going to the branch to check on their progress in analyzing the Nidhoggs' chip."
"Right away, Mr. Ivor." Floyd nodded and drove off.
When Bonnie entered the university, Logan said, "Ms. Jody, you're finally here. I was worried you couldn't make it."
"I already promised to come, so here
I am." Bonnie glanced around subtly to ensure no one else was around. Then, she whispered, "There's no need for such a warm welcome next time. You don't have to come downstairs to greet me. I don't want to reveal my identity to the students yet." 
"Oh, of course!" Logan nodded repeatedly. "I know you don't like formalities. We just changed the conference room location and feared you'd get lost. That's why I came to greet you." 
"You guys moved the conference room?" Bonnie asked in surprise, "Why? The previous one had no issues, right?"
Logan explained, "We discussed
expanding the library, which will occupy the old conference room's space. That's why we had to move the previous one. We made that decision with the student's best interest in mind. 
"After all, expanding their knowledge with more reading materials is more important than the conference room."
Bonnie nodded in understanding. "I see. So, the library expansion is related to the investment project Professor Corbin mentioned yesterday, right?"
###Chapter 1422
"Indeed, but it's a long story. Let's head to the conference room and discuss it thoroughly," Logan said while gesturing for her to follow.
"All right, lead the way." Bonnie nodded and walked toward the conference room with Logan.
Meanwhile, Frankie and another student emerged. The former gloated when he spotted Logan leading Bonnie away.
"Oh, that's perfect! Bonnie thinks highly of herself and that having good grades will allow her to be arrogant. She'll get hers soon! She has just returned, yet Professor Logan is already calling her to his office. Hahaha! I finally get to see her cry."
The student standing beside Frankie did not see Bonnie and Logan. Frankie's words confused him, so he asked, "What? Who are you talking about?"
Frankie glanced at him and looked toward Bonnie. He scoffed and said, "Who else am I talking about besides that egotistic Bonnie? She always acts superior just because she has good grades!" "Bonnie?" After some thought, Frankie's friend said, "If I remember correctly, she hasn't been to school for almost half a month. Is she finally back? Where is she? I don't see her."
"Over there!" Frankie pointed toward the office building. "Professor Logan just took her there. Considering Professor Logan's demeanor, he'll give her a good scolding. Hopefully, it'll destroy Bonnie's arrogance."
"B-But..." the student said hesitantly, "Bonnie has made so many mistakes before, yet none of the professors have punished her."
Frankie waved impatiently. "That was before, but it's different this time. Professor Logan knew Bonnie was coming and waited to drag her to his office. Why else would he do that if not to scold her? Do you think he called her in to discuss something important? She isn't
BOUN
qualified for that." 
The student beside Frankie thought, 'Frankie's always angry whenever Bonnie's around. Although they've argued a lot, he seems excessive this time. Still, Frankie has a point.'
Frankie's friend played along, "You're
right. Professors usually call
students to the office to scold them, especially someone like Bonnie. After all, she hasn't been around for half a month. She deserves to be scolded." 
Frankie wholeheartedly agreed, "Exactly! She has no redeeming qualities besides good grades."
"Hey, let's go to the cafeteria before
they run out of fried chicken. If Bonnie gets scolded, the whole school will know about it. Then, we can just sit and enjoy the show Frankie's friend said as he strode toward the cafeteria. 
Frankie nodded and kept up. "You're right. I can't wait to see her pathetic face when she gets scolded."
Meanwhile, things were different on Bonnie's end. When she entered the conference room, the professors and university higher-ups stood up to greet her warmly. "Welcome back, Ms. Jody!"
"Hello, Ms. Jody!"
###Chapter 1423
Bonnie smiled and nodded at everyone before gesturing for them to sit. "Please take a seat, everyone. There's no need for formalities."
The professors and higher-ups resumed their seats, and Bonnie took hers. When she sat down, one of the professors placed a document before her.
"Ms. Jody, we know you're busy, so we'll get straight to the point. This project involves expanding the library, setting up a technology exhibition hall, and a global resource archive beside it.
"Students can use the resource archive to look up information if they encounter subjects they don't understand. If the students are tired, they can rest or participate in tech activities in the exhibition hall. "That way, they can balance study and play, increasing their interest in learning. It's a win-win situation for everyone."
The professor soon realized how excited he was and quickly suppressed it. He glanced at Bonnie cautiously and added, "Everything needs your approval, Ms. Jody. We'll only recruit sponsors with your say. However, we won't pursue it if you find the proposal unfeasible."
Despite preparing everything, the professors and higher-ups would not proceed without Bonnie's consent. After all, she was their president and an esteemed academic at the university, capable of making sound judgments.
Bonnie scrutinized the document, saying, "Don't rush. Let me review this proposal first."
After listening to the professor's description, she knew it was an ambitious project. However, after reading the document, she realized it was even more costly than she had imagined. 
'No wonder they had to relocate the conference room and seek sponsorships. The university's funds alone won't be sufficient for such a massive undertaking.'
While Bonnie pondered the situation,
the professor who had explained the project grew increasingly anxious. He leaned toward his colleague and whispered, "Do you think Ms Jody will approve?" 
The latter glanced at the professor calmly. "Ms. Jody has her reasons, no matter what decision she makes. We just need to follow her lead."
"You're right," the initial professor nodded. Then, he remembered something and asked softly, "How was my explanation earlier? Did I miss anything?"
"You did well," the other professor patted the former and assured him, "Even if you missed something, Ms. Jody is smart enough to catch it. Stop being nervous."
"I guess so." the professor sighed and patted his chest to calm himself. "I need to get my head on straight."
His colleague patted his shoulder
again and reassured him, "All right,
let's keep quiet and await Ms. Jody's
decision. We'll leave a bad
impression on her if she catches us chatting." 
###Chapter 1424
As the two professors stopped conversing, Bonnie closed the document and addressed the professor who had explained the proposal to her, "Professor Johnson, your ideas and the proposal were excellent. "However, a few minor points need revision. You can proceed with recruiting sponsors once you've addressed these points."
Johnson immediately responded, "Ms. Jody, please outline the points that need revision. I'll note them to make the necessary changes."
Like a diligent student, he prepared his notebook and pen to jot down her suggestions.
Once Bonnie listed the needed revisions, Johnson wrote down her comments and expressed his admiration for her, "I knew something was off but couldn't pinpoint it. I've reviewed this proposal several times, too. Your feedback is highly enlightening, Ms. Jody."
His eyes shined with respect as he looked at Bonnie respectfully, adding, "As expected. You identified these issues with ease."
The others followed suit, their compliments growing louder.
"Indeed, identifying problems we overlook is elementary for Ms. Jody!"
"Thank goodness we waited for her return to consult her before proceeding. We wouldn't have achieved such a perfect plan ourselves."
"I agree! The university will flourish with Ms. Jody's leadership."
Meanwhile, Bonnie remained unfazed by their flattery. After all, she had grown accustomed to such praise. Once the professors quieted, she said, "I'll entrust the revisions to you. Once you're done, show me the proposal again. After that, you can begin recruiting sponsors, 
"No problem, Ms. Jody!" Johnson immediately agreed. "I can make these revisions in about ten minutes if you're not busy today."
Bonnie agreed. After all, her
concerns were minor and would not
require much time. She also had no urgent obligations to attend to. "All right, go ahead. I'll wait here."
Then, she addressed the others, "If you have other matters to attend to, please continue. You don't have to stay here with me."
Although she said that, the other professors and higher-ups were eager to make a good impression. They were not about to leave so quickly.
"There's no rush, Ms. Jody. You'd be bored if you waited here alone. We can stay and chat with you instead."
"That's right. We're focused on the library expansion now. We're just waiting for you to finalize the
proposal. We don't have an vel.
pressing matters at the moment." en.swhovels.net
"We can also discuss the potential sponsors while we wait."
Bonnie did not argue upon seeing their determination to stay. "All right, let's use this time to discuss recruiting sponsors."
The professors and higher-ups nodded and said in unison, "Certainly, Ms. Jody."
About ten minutes later, Johnson completed the revisions and placed the updated proposal before Bonnie.
###Chapter 1425
Johnson said, "Here you go, Ms. Jody. I've updated the proposal. Please review them to see if there are any other issues."
"All right," Bonnie replied. Then, she took the documents and reviewed them.
Several minutes later, she returned the documents to Johnson and said, "They look excellent. Please print me a final copy and begin recruiting sponsors."
Johnson took the documents and said, "Right away, Ms. Jody. Should we notify you once we have a list of potential sponsors?"
After some thought, Bonnie responded, "Yes, please send me the list when it's ready."
Johnson nodded. "You got it, Ms. Jody."
The following day, Bonnie received the list of potential sponsors. She was surprised to see Ivor's company on it. She recalled him wanting to establish a good relationship with the university president.
'I thought he was joking, but he seems serious now and even took action. Considering my husband's impressive track record in previous collaborations, I'm confident about working with him on this significant project. It'll benefit us both.'
With that in mind, Bonnie picked up her phone to call Logan.
The latter eagerly answered, "Hello, Ms. Jody, how may I assist you?"
Bonnie explained why she called, "I've reviewed the potential sponsors you sent me. Let's go with Mr. Ivor's conglomerate. They've done well on our past projects and are a safe choice for one of this magnitude." 
Logan immediately agreed, "Understood, Ms. Jody. I'll inform the others of your decision."
Bonnie responded calmly, "All right, then."
Meanwhile, Ivor was busy handling some documents in his study when he heard a knock on the door.
Knock, knock, knock!
Without looking up, he said, "Come in."
Floyd entered and approached to report, "Mr. Ivor, we received a
response from Pyralis Universi.net
They want us to sponsor their project." 
"That was quick." Ivor was surprised. "I thought they'd take at least a couple of weeks to decide, especially since it's such a considerable project." 
###Chapter 1426
Floyd thought momentarily. "It seems that their efficiency in handling matters has indeed increased significantly ever since they got a new president." "That's true," Ivor agreed.
Suddenly, Floyd thought of something. "Mr. Ivor, how much money do you intend to set aside to sponsor Pyralis University this time?"
"Hmm..." Ivor glanced through the documents and responded casually, "Let's start with 5 million. We can reassess if they need more later."
"Got it, Mr. Ivor," Floyd nodded. "I'll make the arrangements."
After Floyd left, Ivor considered the possibility that Pyralis University's swift decision to select them for the project might be related to Bonnie.He set aside the documents and got up, heading toward the bedroom.
When he opened the door, he saw Bonnie lying on the bed, playing with her phone. When Bonnie heard the sound, she casually asked, "Finished with work?"
"No," Ivor replied as he sat down next to her.
Bonnie glanced at him sideways. "Why are you here wandering around if you're not done with work?"
"How can it be wandering when I'm here to see my wife?" Ivor gently pulled Bonnie into his arms.
Bonnie gave him a sidelong glance but didn't struggle, instead finding a comfortable position in his embrace and continuing to look at her phone. Ivor picked up a strand of her hair that had fallen to the side and
started to play with it idly.
"Bonnie, Pyralis University chose the Knight Group as the sponsor for their new project," he said, watching her reaction closely.
Bonnie's expression remained calm, and she replied with an unperturbed tone. "Oh, congratulations."
Ivor smiled helplessly, "Still pretending not to know anything? I already know that you helped facilitate this collaboration with Pyralis University."
Bonnie's heart skipped a beat, but she maintained her composure. "What do you mean?"
She had always kept her role as the president of Pyralis University well-hidden. 'Ivor shouldn't be aware of it, right?'
"Hehe," Ivor chuckled softly. "Didn't
you tell me last time that everyone at the academy knows you're also Ms. Bonita? If it weren't for your influence, Pyralis University would have reconsidered, even for a company as big as mine. So..." 
He paused intentionally and then
seized the moment to kiss her on et
the cheek. "Securing such a
Si project with Pyralis
University is all thanks to you."
II
Bonnie subtly sighed in relief after hearing his explanation. She thought Ivor had discovered her identity as the president and was testing her with his words.
It turned out he was referring to her status as Ms. Bonita, which made sense.
###Chapter 1427
Bonnie decided to go along with Ivor's words. "Isn't this good? Or do you not want this project?"
Ivor responded without hesitation, "I do. More partners mean more opportunities. There's nothing wrong with that."
"Exactly," Bonnie said nonchalantly while tapping her phone.
Ivor laughed again. "But relying on my wife to get cooperation-won't people think I'm living off you?"
"Living off your wife isn't so bad, is it? It's better than having no one to rely on." Bonnie didn't see anything wrong with it.
Compared to other companies, the Knight Group had more strength and experience to handle this project effectively. Moreover, it made sense to prioritize giving the project to them since they were family. From every angle, the Knight Group was the best partner.
"Bonnie, you make so much sense," Ivor said, holding her face and kissing her plump, red lips. "Having a wife like you is my luck."
Bonnie's face flushed when she felt the moist, soft kiss on her lips. She pushed him away. "If you're talking, just talk. Why do you always have to touch me?"
'This man always takes advantage of every opportunity!'
"I just like being close to my wife. It's not about touching," Ivor said while holding Bonnie tightly, not letting her escape.
Bonnie was about to struggle when Ivor's voice sounded in her ear again. "Bonnie, I've been feeling really tired lately. Let me hold you and take a nap."
Upon hearing this, Bonnie looked at the tiredness reflected in his eyes and felt her heart soften. She agreed. "Alright... then go ahead and sleep."
Ivor gave Bonnie a close hug and smelled her. He was exhausted, but he was also playing up his fatigue. He knew Bonnie would fall for it.
Using this trick was his way to make her soften up. Otherwise, given Bonnie's personality, it would be hard to make her obediently let him hold her.
The Knight Group successfully connected with Pyralis University for the project two days later. When Bonnie was at the university to follow up on the project, Professor Paul Logan approached her. "Ms. Jody, I need to discuss something with you."
"What is it?" Bonnie paused her review of the project's progress and looked up at him.
Professor Paul Logan organized his thoughts before speaking. "It's about the ribbon-cutting ceremony when the project officially launches. The Knight Group will have Mr. Ivor representing them. As for our side, Ms. Jody, we hope you can represent us." 
Bonnie frowned slightly after hearing this. "Didn't I mention before that don't like attending such public events? Any of our professors or high-level staff can go to the ribbon-cutting ceremony." 
Professor Paul Logan quickly explained after seeing her frown, worried she might be upset. "Ms. Jody, I know you dislike such events and we don't want to force you. But this project is very important for our university. As the head of the school, it would be inappropriate if you didn't show up for such a significant event. 
"
"Moreover, the Knight Group expressed that they would be very pleased to see you at the ceremony." Bonnie frowned even more upon hearing this. Professor Paul Logan noticed her reaction and spoke even more cautiously. "Of course, everything is ultimately up to your preference, Ms. Jody. If you really don't want to, then we won't force it."
###Chapter 1428
Despite his words, Paul's expectant gaze made it clear he hoped Bonnie would agree.
Bonnie pressed her fingers to her temples, feeling a headache coming on. After a moment of thought, she finally agreed.
"Since you've already made arrangements, I'll attend the ceremony."
Although attending the ribbon-cutting with Ivor posed a risk of exposure, the event would be brief. As long as she concealed herself well, there was no need to worry about being discovered.
Her agreement took Paul aback. "Ms. Jody, you're agreeing to attend the ribbon-cutting?"
Bonnie responded calmly, "Yes."
"Thank you, Ms. Jody! I'll inform the other professors and high-level staff immediately so they can prepare."
Not just Paul but all the professors and high-level staff had wondered if Bonnie would attend the ribbon-cutting. She had previously expressed her dislike for such occasions, although she had agreed to give a speech at the end of the term to meet students' expectations.
However, the ribbon-cutting was a different type of event, and they still hoped Ms. Jody, as the head of the university, would participate. Paul had asked with little expectation, but now he needed to share the good news quickly.
"Okay, arrange it and notify me of the confirmed time," Bonnie said before hanging up.
The professor soon sent the event details, and the ribbon-cutting would be the next day. Bonnie confirmed and began planning her disguise for the event.
Bonnie intentionally stayed in bed
longer the next day. Once Ivor had
left, she
got up, quickly washed
dressed, and observed the activity outside through the windo
As soon as she saw Ivor's usual limited edition, Maybach left the house, she hurried her preparations and carried a bag with her disguise downstairs. 
Unexpectedly, she bumped into Ivor right away. Bonnie's eyes widened, and she gripped her bag tighter.
'I had seen his usual car leave, so why is he still here? is it just bad luck that he didn't take it today?'
Ivor waved a hand in front of her face. "Bonnie, what's wrong?"
Bonnie snapped out of it, trying to act nonchalant. "Nothing. I thought you'd already left for work. Why are you still here?"
"I'm going to your university for the ribbon-cutting. I wanted to tell you last night, but you were asleep when I finished work, and you were still
asleep this morning." till
As Ivor spoke, his gaze drifted to the bag in Bonnie's hand. "Where are you going with that bag?"
"To the lab. There's something I need to finish," Bonnie lied, her heart racing but her expression calm.
"Oh..." Ivor's eyes lingered on the bag. "But you don't usually take anything to the lab. What's in the bag?" Bonnie instinctively hid the bag behind her and maintained a calm exterior.
###Chapter 1429
It's nothing, just some reagents I made at home. The equipment here isn't enough, so I'm taking them to the lab to process further," Bonnie replied, her explanation seemingly plausible. However, Ivor sensed something amiss. Narrowing his eyes, he stepped closer to scrutinize the bag in Bonnie's hand. It didn't look like it held reagents; it looked more like it held clothes. "What kind of reagents? I'm quite interested. Can I have a look?" Ivor took another step forward.
Bonnie stepped back to maintain her distance from him. Ivor furrowed his brows upon seeing this.
"Bonnie, what are you doing?"
Despite her nervousness, Bonnie maintained her composure. If Ivor checked the bag and found clothes instead of reagents, her lie would be exposed. She needed another excuse.
Taking advantage of the situation, she hid the bag further behind her and looked at Ivor with a serious expression. "I told you, these are experimental chemicals. They contain residues that you shouldn't touch." After realizing her concern, Ivor quickly apologized. "Sorry, Bonnie. I misunderstood."
Bonnie raised an eyebrow. "What? Do you think I'm hiding something from you?"
Though Ivor felt slightly embarrassed, he denied it. "No, I just hadn't seen you take anything to the lab before, so I asked out of curiosity."
Bonnie decided to change the
subject to avoid a*** more
suspicion. "Didn't you say you were
going to the ribbon-cutting
ceremony at Pyralis University?
Shouldn't you be leaving soon?
Aren't you worried about being late?"
Ivor glanced at his watch. "You're right, it's getting late. I need to go. I can't accompany you to the lab today, but I'll pick you up later."
"It's fine. I'm not a child who needs to be picked up and dropped off," Bonnie said while waving her hand dismissively. "Go take care of your business. Don't worry about me." en.swhovels.net
"Okay," Ivor nodded before hurriedly leaving.
As Ivor walked away, Bonnie let out a sigh of relief. Not wasting any time, she headed to the garage, took her car, and drove quickly to the university.
Both Ivor and Bonnie needed to attend the ribbon-cutting ceremony, so she had to be quick to arrive on time.
When Ivor arrived at Pyralis University, several high-level staff and professors came out to greet him. He scanned the area but didn't see the president. "Where's the president? Hasn't she arrived yet?" Ivor asked.
The staff and professors exchanged glances before Professor Paul Logan stepped forward. "The
president is on her way. Don't worry.
Mr. vor. She will be here in time for the ribbon-cutting." 
###Chapter 1430
"Okay." Ivor nodded slightly and sat down in a chair. A young professor nearby quickly poured him a cup of tea. "Mr. Ivor, please have some tea," the young professor said.
Ivor took a sip and looked at Paul. "Professor Paul, could you go over the event schedule with me again?"
"Of course, Mr. Ivor," Paul replied, promptly bringing over the documents and reviewing the schedule with Ivor.
About ten minutes later, the ribbon-cutting ceremony was about to start, but Bonnie had yet to appear. Ivor glanced towards the door, then turned to Paul. "Professor Paul, are you sure Ms. Jody will come?" Ivor asked.
"Since Ms. Jody has already agreed to this, she will definitely come," Paul replied with confidence, trusting in Bonnie's character.
Ivor was about to respond when a clear voice echoed in the room.
"Sorry everyone, I got caught in traffic and I'm a bit late."
Everyone turned to look. Bonnie was dressed in her usual black attire, with a hat, glasses, and a mask, covering herself completely.
Professor Paul Logan immediately approached her with a smile. "It's fine, Ms. Jody. You're here now."
Bonnie nodded slightly and then greeted Ivor from a distance. "Mr. Ivor."
Ivor stood up from his chair, looked at Bonnie, and teased, "It's not easy to meet you, Ms. Jody."
Knowing he was joking, Bonnie shrugged indifferently. "No matter how difficult, you still got to see me, didn't you?"
Ivor found Ms. Jody quite interesting
and
Weiled. "I did not realize y
being a good manager."neg
sharp-tongued in addition to
g a good manager."
Bonnie mentally rolled her eyes. She replied calmly, "Thank you for the compliment."
Ivor smiled again. Just as he was about to say something, Paul's voice interrupted.
"It's time for the ribbon-cutting. Ms. Jody, Mr. Ivor, please proceed."
After hearing this, Bonnie looked at Ivor and made a gesture of invitation. "Mr. Ivor, after you."
"Ladies first," Ivor said, stepping back courteously.
Bonnie didn't bother to be polite. "Since you insist, I won't say no."
She walked forward with Ivor following.
At the ribbon-cutting venue, many students and family representatives had already gathered.
Bonnie was the first to step onto the stage to speak. The wind was strong today and nearly blew the papers with her speech off the podium, but she managed to catch it just in time, avoiding any embarrassing mishap. 
Ivor watched from below. The more he looked, the more he felt that Ms. Jody's figure was very similar to his wife.
However, this thought was fleeting
and quickly dismissed. After all, Bonnie was supposed to be in the lab, and was inconceivable that she could be the principal of Pyralis University. So he considered these thoughts as mere fantasies, with almost zero possibility. 
While Ivor was lost in these thoughts, sudden screams broke out around him.
"Ahhh-the light, the light is about to fall!"
###Chapter 1431
"Ms. Jody, watch out!"
Ivor's attention snapped to the commotion.
The chandelier above Bonnie was dangling precariously since the wind had loosened the cords. Bonnie noticed the imminent danger, but the chandelier was too large to dodge, forcing her to run as quickly as she could.
In the chaos, she briefly glanced to the side and locked eyes with Ivor. In that fleeting moment, a deep, unspoken sorrow passed through her gaze.
Ivor sensed a strange familiarity and felt a pang of pain from the sadness in her eyes, and he involuntarily mouthed, "Bonnie..."
The scene was chaotic. Professors, gripped by panic, tried to rush to Bonnie's aid, but the distance from the stage to the ground was too great. Neither the professors nor Bonnie could act in time. Just when it seemed inevitable that Bonnie would be harmed, a figure dashed onto the stage with lightning speed, shielding Bonnie in their arms.
With a resounding crash, the chandelier fell and struck the man's back forcefully.
"Mmngh—" The man g*** in pain, and the scent of blood quickly filled the air.
Bonnie's eyes widened in shock. She looked up urgently at the person who had protected her it was Ivor.
Upon seeing Ivor covered in blood, Bonnie abandoned all thoughts of concealing her identity. She supported his sliding shoulders. Her eyes filled with rare panic, and her voice was tinged with tears. "Ivor, are you okay? Hold on, you have to hold on."
As she spoke, she quickly began massaging certain points to slow the bleeding.
The voice was so familiar. Ivor managed a faint smile despite the pain. "B-Bonnie, I knew... it was you."
When he rushed forward, he wasn't entirely sure, just faintly suspected. But based on that slight suspicion, he still charged in. Even if there was only a one-in-ten-thousand chance that Ms. Jody was Bonnie, he couldn't take any chances.
So he acted.
Bonnie's tears finally fell uncontrollably, seeing Ivor smiling despite his severe injuries.
"Ivor, you big idiot! Why did you run out to save me?"
"Do... I need to explain? You're my wife. If I don't save you, who will?"
Ivor extended a shaky hand to touch Bonnie's cheek, but as soon as he saw his hand was stained with blood, he retracted it.
Bonnie immediately grabbed his
hand and pressed it against her face when she noticed his movement. She suddenly remembered that she was still wearing a mask. To let him feel her warmth more truly, she discarded all concerns and pulled off her mask in front of everyone. 
Bonnie revealed her face to the astonished crowd after removing her mask. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she pressed Ivor's bloodied hand to her skin.
"It's really you..." Ivor whispered, a faint smile playing on his lips despite the pain.
Bonnie nodded, her eyes filled with emotion. "Yes, it's me. And you're going to be okay, Ivor. Just hold on a bit longer."
The scene around them was
argund
chaotic. Professors and students
were either frozen in shock or
scrambling to help. Emergency services were called, and the chaos intensified as they rushed to the stage. 
Bonnie kept her focus on Ivor. She said in a steady voice, despite her fear, "Stay with me, Ivor. Help is on the way."
Ivor's breathing was labored, but he tried to keep his eyes open to focus on Bonnie. "I... knew it was you. Even when I wasn't sure, I hoped..."
Bonnie pressed his hand tighter against her cheek. "Don't talk. Save your strength."
When paramedics came, they evaluated Ivor's injuries quickly. Bonnie reluctantly released his hand as they worked to stabilize him, but she stayed close, her presence a comforting anchor for him.
As they prepared to transport Ivor to the hospital, Bonnie turned to the professors and staff. "Make sure everything here is taken care of. I need to go with him."
The professors nodded, understanding the urgency and gravity of the situation. Bonnie followed the paramedics, her heart heavy with worry but her resolve strong.
In the ambulance, she held Ivor's hand and refused to let go. "You're going to be fine," she whispered, more to herself than to him. "You have to be."
Ivor managed a weak squeeze of her
hand, a smal reassurance amidst the pain. Bonnie's determination only grew stronger. She would do whatever it took to make sure yor recovered, even if it meant revealing everything she had kept hidden for solong. 
###Chapter 1432
The crowd below erupted in shock at the scene. Especially Frankie, who was left utterly speechless when the mask came off, revealing Bonnie's face. His mouth was agape, as if it could fit an egg. 'W-What is going on?'
The Bonnie, whom he always despised, thought was useless and arrogant, turned out to be the president of their school.
That explains why the president gave him that peculiar when he accused Bonnie in front of the president. He went home to an immediate reprimand from both of his parents. His father had threatened to disown him if he continued to provoke Bonnie.
He never understood why his father protected Bonnie so much, thinking that she was just good at her studies and had no other redeeming qualities. Now, it all made sense.
It wasn't just that Bonnie was their university president!
Frankie was filled with regret, wishing he could go back in time and slap his former self for being so disrespectful.
Fortunately, the president had a big heart and didn't hold grudges. Otherwise, he would have been expelled from school countless times, given his behavior.
The shock of today's revelation was as immense as if Mars had collided with Earth. His mouth hung open as he stood there, dumbfounded and unable to respond.
The students around him were abuzz with discussion.
"Oh my god! Bonnie is actually Ms. Jody? Is this for real? Am I dreaming?"
One student nudged another with their elbow. "Quick, pinch me. I need to know if I'm dreaming."
The other student obliged and pinched hard on his arm.
"Ouch, ouch, ouch!"
The student winced in pain, rubbing his arm. "It's real! I'm not dreaming! This explains why Bonnie was often absent from school. Being a university president is a demanding job, with countless responsibilities and projects, leaving little time for school. 
"And yet, she managed to maintain top grades-she's practically superhuman!"
"Exactly! Ever since she took over, the school has improved in every aspect proving her incredible abilities! I don't get it; who said she was useless and only good at studies?" 
"Those people were just jealous of her achievements! They probably don't even come close to her level!"
In a corner, Trina listened to the
conversations around her and
looked at Bonnie on stage. Heel.net
shock was no less than Frankie's. 
She was afraid she might scream out loud, so she bit her lip to suppress any sound. Her eyes were filled with disbelief.
'I always knew Bonnie was more capable than I had imagined, but I never expected her to be this extraordinary!
'Master Kieran, Ms. Jody... Either identity alone was enough to make me feel utterly inferior, and Bonnie possessed both. 'That means... I can't even compare to Bonnie's finger.'
###Chapter 1433
'How could this be happening? How?!'
Given the current situation between Bonnie and Ivor, anyone with eyes could see their relationship. The bride of the recently highly publicized wedding turned out to be Bonnie.
On the stage, Bonnie knew that removing her mask would cause a huge commotion. But at that moment, her eyes were only on Ivor, who was injured from saving her. Nothing else mattered to her.
She held Ivor's blood-stained hand tightly against her cheek, letting him feel her warmth. "Ivor, you have to hold on. You must hold on. I won't allow anything to happen to you. I won't."
Ivor forced a pale smile. "Silly, it's just a bit of blood. It's not a big deal. You don't need to worry."
Bonnie's eyes reddened. This man... even though he was in so much pain that his face was ashen, was still trying to comfort her. His comfort only made her nose sting even more.
As they spoke, Paul ran up from the audience. "Ms. Jody, we've already called an ambulance. It's almost here. Let's get Mr. Ivor to the entrance to wait for it!"
Bonnie had seen that Paul and the others had called for an ambulance, so she stayed put to massage Ivor and slow the bleeding. Now that the ambulance was here and Ivor's bleeding was somewhat under control, it was perfect timing.
"Okay," Bonnie responded.
Bonnie used all her strength to help Ivor up. Paul and two other professors immediately stepped forward to assist after seeing this scene.
The ambulance was already waiting by the roadside when they reached the entrance. Together, they lifted Ivor into the ambulance.
As Bonnie was about to turn back to give Pauk some instructions, Ivor mistakenly thought she was leaving. He immediately reached out and grabbed her hand tightly. "Bonnie, don't go. Stay... stay with me."
Bonnie gently squeezed his fingers to reassure him. "I'm not leaving. I just need to quickly tell Professor Paul something. Wait for me."
Ivor relaxed and slowly let go of her hand. "Alright... I'll wait for you."
Bonnie leaned out of the ambulance briefly before returning and holding Ivor's hand again. "Okay, let's go."
As she spoke, the ambulance sped towards the hospital.
Meanwhile, Trina was reflecting on what had happened at school at Shepard Villa. She was so distracted during dinner that she hardly ate.
Vera asked with concern after noticing her unusual behavior, "Trina, what's wrong?"
Trina snapped out of her thoughts
and
818
hesited at Vera, feeling torn and
hesitant. 'Should I tell them that
e was actually Ms. Jody?'
Then, she remembered that such significant event had occurred at
Pyralis University. Even net
Vera
and the others didn't know yet, they were bound to find out eventually. en.swhovels.net
###Chapter 1434
'If I didn't tell them about this, they would definitely blame me later for not informing them of such an important matter. So, I might as well tell them now. This way, I can also earn some points in their eyes!' As Trina pondered this, Vera reached out to touch her arm when she saw her remaining silent, "Trina, what's going on with you?"
Gresham noticed too, and spoke up, "Yes, if something's bothering you, just say it. Don't beat around the bush!"
Trina bit her lip, hesitated for a moment, then took a deep breath and finally spoke what had been on her mind. "Dad, Mom, I-I discovered something huge at school today... It's about Bonnie!"
Vera and Gresham both frowned at the mention of Bonnie's name.
Gresham, not even waiting to hear more, began grumbling, "What trouble has Bonnie caused now? She never lets anyone have a moment of peace!" Vera looked equally troubled and shook her head helplessly. "Even if she did cause trouble, telling us won't help. She's a thorn, we can't control her." Gresham snorted heavily. "She's not even part of our family anymore. Why should we care? Whatever trouble she causes has nothing to do with us!" Upon seeing them so agitated, Trina nervously swallowed and then cautiously spoke again, "Dad, Mom, Bonnie... Bonnie didn't cause any trouble. I-It's..." Her hesitant demeanor was irritating to watch. Gresham and Vera both turned to look at her expectantly.
Gresham's impatient voice soon followed, "What is it then? Spit it out! Stop stalling!"
Trina took another deep breath, steeled herself, and finally said, "Well... today, our president at Pyralis University revealed their face..."
Gresham cut in before she could finish, "So it's that. I thought-"
Trina continued, "And the face under the mask... was Bonnie's..."
Gresham froze in place. Once he processed what he had heard, he looked at Trina, doubting his ears. "What did you just say?"
Vera was equally bewildered. "Trina, did you say your president revealed their face, and it was Bonnie? H&How is that possible? Could there be
some misunderstanding ontent
Trina shook her head, her expression extremely complex. "T-Today was the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the collaboration. project between our school and the Knight Group. Mr. Ivor himself attended. 
"If she wasn't the president, there's no way the school's high-level staff and professors would have let ber speak on stage, or stand beside Mr. Ivor for the ribbon cutting 
###Chapter 1435
After all, given Ivor's status, Pyralis University wouldn't randomly select someone to appear on stage and fool him. Besides, Trina had seen the president of Pyralis University give speeches before, wearing tha same disguise.
It was obvious that Bonnie was the president now that the mask had been taken off.
Upon hearing Trina's analysis, Gresham fell into a state of self-doubt. "Someone like Bonnie, who is uneducated, disrespectful to elders, and stubborn, how could she possibly be qualified to be the president of Pyralis University? There must be some mistake!"
Vera also found it hard to believe. Their daughter, whom they had always disapproved of, turned out to be so outstanding. This seemed to highlight their failures as parents indirectly. Thus, both she and Gresham were reluctant to accept this reality.
"I-I also think there must be some mistake..."
Just as Vera finished speaking, they heard Harold's powerful voice. "Bonnie being the president of Pyralis University is trending on social media. Did you see this news?"
Gresham looked over at Harold. He quickly said, "Dad, the things circulating online are often exaggerated. We can't believe everything. How could Pyralis University choose her as president considering Bonnie's personality-someone who disregards everyone,? I think there must be some mistake. Let me look into it more "
Harold interrupted coldly, "The former president of Pyralis University personally stated that he chose Bonnie as his successor. Professors and top officials are praising Bonnie's abilities in the comments. Tell me, What mistake could there be?"
At first, when he saw the news, Harold's reaction was the same as Gresham's. He thought there must be a mistake since he had always looked down on Bonnie, who was like a thorny granddaughter to him. But now, the granddaughter he disdained had turned into the president of a prestigious university that elites scrambled to get their children into. How could he accept this?
It was not until Russell himself made a public statement, which the school's top officials and professors acknowledged, that he finally believed and gradually accepted Bonnie as president. 'On second thought, isn't this a good thing for us? Despite Bonnie's rebelliousness and defiance, she's still a Shepard. She shared the Shepard family blood, inseparably linked to us.
'Therefore, Bonnie becoming the president of Pyralis University also brings us glory and potential benefits. Such a good opportunity was something we needed to seize and not let slip away.' Gresham shook his head, still in disbelief. "H-How is this possible?"
Vera stood there, not knowing what to say, and remained silent.
Harold frowned and said gruffly, "The facts are right in front of you. What's the point in questioning them? Instead of wasting time daze,
ou should think about
build a good relationship with
how to
Bonnie, align with her, and get her on our side!" 
Gresham understood Harold's intention. He rubbed his temples in exasperation and replied helplessly, "Dad, you know Bonnie's personality. I think we should just let this matter куйте go. Her being the president of Pyralis University has nothing to do with us." 
Harold was instantly infuriated, his mustache bristling with anger. "Are you an idiot? You don't know how to use such a valuable connection right in front of you? Your inflexible, block-headed thinking is going to be the death of me!" 
###Chapter 1436
Seeing Harold lose his temper, Gresham felt a slight urge to compromise. However, that urge quickly vanished when he recalled Bonnie's mockery when they last approached her.
"Dad, it's not that I don't want this connection, but Bonnie's personality is too difficult. She never listens to anything we say, no matter how much we talk."
Vera chimed in to support him, "Yes, Dad, Gresham is right. It's not that we don't want to reach out to Bonnie, but she's too hard to communicate with. You never know what might come out of her mouth." Harold's initial anger turned to helplessness.
He sighed heavily and spoke in a somber tone, "You've seen the state of the Shepard family in recent years. It's been getting worse. If we don't find a way out, our large family might fall into decline and become a part of history.
"While the current situation of the family may allow you to live comfortably for the rest of your lives, we must also think about our descendants..."
He sighed deeply again. "Forget it, forget it. Why am I telling you this? If you don't want to go, I won't force you."
He then shook his head and walked toward the backyard. Gresham felt a pang of bitterness at Harold's words. Seeing his father's once straight back now hunched and his black hair turned to silver, Gresham realized that his father had aged.
Yes, his father was old. As the eldest in the family, Gresham should take on the responsibility of revitalizing the family.
Besides, Harold wasn't asking him to do much, just to talk to Bonnie. No matter what, Bonnie was still his biological daughter. How heartless could she be toward them?
Gresham believed that if he
approached her with the right
attitude, Bonnie would soften and agree to help the family. Gresham eyp
made up his mind and called out to Harold, "Dad, I'll do as you say. I'll go talk to Bonnie. Just wait for the good news at home." 
Harold stopped in his tracks, turned around, and looked at him with relief. "Good! You are indeed my son. You have a sense of responsibility. Go ahead, and I'll wait for your good news." 
"Alright, Dad, we're going." Gresham nodded and signaled Vera with his eyes. Although Vera was reluctant, she had no choice but to follow Gresham since he had already agreed.
Soon, Trina came running out. "Dad, Mom."
Both Vera and Gresham turned around simultaneously. "Trina, what is it?"
Vera looked at Trina and thought about Bonnie's defiant attitude. She suddenly felt a pang of bitterness.
Though Trina wasn't as capable or impressive as Bonnie, at least Trina was obedient and considerate of the family's needs. If it were Trina they needed to rely on, she would undoubtedly help them without hesitation. 
###Chapter 1437
But unfortunately, the one they had to find was the stubborn Bonnie! It was really a headache!
"You're going to look for Bonnie, right? Ivor got injured while saving her during the ribbon-cutting event. She should be in the hospital now. You can go straight to the hospital to find her," Trina said.
Deep down, Trina didn't want Gresham and Vera to find Bonnie. She feared that if Bonnie came back, she would lose her status in the family. But if she didn't tell them, her presence would only diminish further in their eyes.
So, she decided to tell them, hoping to leave a good impression. This way, Gresham and Vera would remember her favor, and her situation wouldn't be too bad even if Bonnie did come back. Vera felt her heart soften. "Trina, it's a good thing you told us. Otherwise, we would have had to send someone to track Bonnie down."
Pretending to be sensible, Trina said, "It's nothing, Mom. We are family; it's what I should do. Besides, I hope you and Bonnie can mend your relationship so our family can live together in harmony." "Trina, you're so thoughtful, unlike Bonnie..." Mentioning Bonnie made Vera's headache worse again.
Trina was about to say some comforting words, but Gresham's voice interrupted her before she could speak. "Alright, let's go talk to Bonnie first. We can discuss other things when we get back." Trina only nodded. "Got it, Dad. You go ahead. I'll go back to my room."
At the hospital, Vera's complaints had been nonstop since they got out of the car. "I told you, you shouldn't have agreed to this. If things don't go well, Dad will blame us again." 
sula
Gresham was irritated by her constant nagging, and he replied "We're already at the hospital. What's the point of saying this now? We can't just go back now; that would be even more humiliating." 
"If you knew it wouldn't go well, why did you agree to this?" Vera couldn't understand Gresham's thought process.
Pressing his temples, Gresham said, "At home, Dad's words were clear. How could I not come? If I didn't come, I'd be seen as unfilial."
"But Dad said he wouldn't force us. It was your choice to agree," Vera retorted, looking highly displeased.
Gresham sighed, "When Dad says he won't force us, do you really think he means it? Don't you still know his temperament after so many years?"
He knew Harold's words were deliberately said to make them feel responsible. He could have refused, but considering the reasoning behind Harold's words, he agreed.
If Bonnie decided to help, their family connections would greatly expand, and securing business deals and partnerships would become more accessible.
Vera sighed in resignation. "Dad is
putting us on the spot. Didn't he
already send Grant to talk to Bonnie when he found out she was Master Kieran? And that failed. Hows this time any different?" 
###Chapter 1438
However, these words reached Ivor, who had just returned from the examination room. Floyd, who was supporting him, also heard these words.
It took Floyd a good ten seconds to digest this information. Then, with wide eyes, he looked at Ivor and asked in disbelief, "Mr. Ivor? Did they just say that Ms. Bonnie is Master Kieran? Is this true?" Ivor's eyes flickered with a dark and indistinct light, but his voice remained calm. "If it were false, they wouldn't discuss it so naturally."
Floyd scratched the back of his head. "That must be why someone sent an authentic Master Kieran painting when the old one got damaged by moisture. It turns out that they were right beside us all along. Now everything makes sense."
Ivor also recalled the incident. At that time, the butler had received a painting from Kieran at the door. He had found it strange because he had never interacted with Kieran, let alone had any friendship with them.
Why would Kieran then send such a valuable painting out of the blue? He had suspected some ulterior motive.
He remembered that Bonnie was by his side then, and he had discussed the matter with her. Bonnie had responded without any change in expression, so he had never doubted it.
He would never have known if Gresham and Vera had not said the truth out loud!
Bonnie was like a treasure chest, always revealing something unexpected. It made him love her, but at the same time, he was unsure of how to handle her.
When Floyd noticed Ivor's silence, he asked, "Mr. Ivor, what should we do now? Should we follow them?"
"Yes," Ivor responded lightly. "Follow them and observe. Don't interfere."
"Understood." Floyd got Ivor's intention and supported him as they walked forward.
Gresham and Vera had yet to learn
someone was following them. Gresham said, "Regardless of the outcome, we should try since we're already here. If we succeed, will be a feather in our cap." 
Vera replied, "It's not that easy."
"Alright, we're almost there. Stop talking." Gresham gave Vera a reassuring look.
Vera shook her head in resignation.
Bonnie was considering using the small kitchen to prepare nutritious soup for Ivor, hoping he would have something to drink after his e examination. Just as she finished, she heard footsteps.
Thinking it was Ivor returning, she turned around instinctively and asked, "Back so soon—"
However, her voice abruptly stopped when saw Gresham and Vera at the door. When she spoke again, her
to one
è carried a hint of indicat
"What are you doing here?"
###Chapter 1439
Gresham and Vera predicted that Bonnie wouldn't have a good attitude toward them and had mentally prepared for it. However, their expressions did change when they faced Bonnie's cold demeanor. Vera's face darkened as she looked at Bonnie with deep disapproval. "Bonnie, we are your biological parents after all. Is this how you treat us?"
Bonnie shrugged indifferently. "Didn't you disown me a long time ago? What kind of biological parents are you?"
Vera's face turned even more grim.
Before she could say anything that might provoke Bonnie further, Gresham quickly patted her hand to stop her. "Alright, say less."
Vera had to swallow her words, glaring at Bonnie with dissatisfaction.
Gresham, on the other hand, looked at Bonnie with a kind smile. "Bonnie, your mother and I heard that you were nearly injured during the school ribbon-cutting event, so we came to check on you. How are you? Are you alright?"
Bonnie immediately understood their intentions but didn't reveal them. Instead, she responded blandly, "I'm fine. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to care about me."
The sarcastic undertone in her words made Gresham and Vera feel uncomfortable. The smile on Gresham's face was becoming more challenging to maintain, but he forced it to stay. "There's no need to thank us. We're family, and it's only right for us to care about you."
Bonnie's tone remained flat and emotionless. "Oh..."
After hearing her indifferent response, Gresham struggled to keep his composure. He wanted to say something but didn't know what, and his face turned bright red.
Vera, unable to take it any longer,
said, "Bonnie, let's be honest. We know you're the president of Pyralis University. We're here to ask for your help inexpanding our network. The Shepard family's development isn't going well. 
"Since you're a part of this family, it's only right for you to help."
Gresham felt
It relieved to hear Vera
speak up. Given his strained
relationship with Bonnie, pretending to be a loving father was
he found hard to maintain. Now that Vera had stated their purpose, he no longer had to act. 
Bonnie responded with a disdainful snort. "Part of the Shepard family? How can you even say that? I remember you calling me a disgrace and kicking me out. Back then, you certainly didn't consider me part of the family."
Vera frowned deeply. "That was said in a moment of anger. It's been so long, and you're still holding a grudge? How could you be so unforgiving?"
"Oh? Is that so? If it were Trina who was kicked out and ignored for so long, would you still be so calm and say the same things?" Bonnie found their behavior laughable.
Back then, they had abandoned her. Now that they saw her as valuable, they came looking for her. How shameless could they be?
Vera thought Bonnie's harsh attitude was due to her resentment towards their favoritism of Trina.
Sighing, she said, "I know you've
always felt that we favor Trina, but you are still our biological daughter Sometimes, we were strict with you because we wanted you to be better. Perhaps our methods were wrong, but you have always been in our hearts." 
Bonnie gave a mocking smile and responded coolly, "If you cared about me, why didn't you come to find me before? Why wait until you learn about my position to reach out? You didn't care about me, and I didn't mind.
"But now that you see I have value, you come up with these pathetic excuses to deceive me. Don't you find it ridiculous?"
###Chapter 1440
With these words, Gresham and Vera's last vestige of dignity was destroyed.
Gresham's face immediately darkened, while Vera's face turned from green to purple, like a color palette, vivid and spectacular.
Even though they knew these things about one another implicitly, it was unpleasant when they were exposed.
They had assumed that, as Bonnie's biological parents, she would at least show them some respect.
But who could have imagined that Bonnie wouldn't spare them any dignity at all? Moreover, she seemed intent on completely tearing their public facade apart! Bonnie saw that they were silent. She just sat in her chair, hooked the corners of her lips, and looked at them with an indifferent gaze, seeming to smile but not smile.
Such a look in Bonnie's eyes was nothing short of blatant mockery.
'To be treated like this by our daughter?!' The anger in Vera's chest suddenly intensified. Her gaze towards Bonnie was filled with intense rage.
"Bonnie! Children of other families are always thinking about supporting their families. But what about you? Look at what you've become. Do you think being the president of Pyralis University makes you so great that you can look down on your parents?"
Upon hearing this, Bonnie let out a faint scoff.
"You're quite good at moral coercion, but I don't buy it! The world operates on cause and effect. Would we have the results we see now without the seeds you sowed? I suggest you reflect on yourselves before blaming me!"
Vera's chest heaved violently, her face flushed red, and her body trembled as if she might faint at any moment.
Bonnie's eyes trembled slightly, and her fingertips hanging by her side moved helplessly. No matter what, Vera was still her biological mother. Bonnie couldn't be so heartless.
Bonnie actually wanted to help her when she watched Vera almost faint. But her goodwill would never be understood by them.
'Forget it. It's better not to do this thankless task and risk being morally coerced again.'
Just as Bonnie was thinking this, Gresham stepped forward to support Vera while looking at Bonnie with eyes full of disappointment. "Bonnie, even if you're disobedient and unreasonable, I thought you still kept us in your heart. But what I didn't expect..."
He sighed heavily as if deeply hurt.
Upon hearing this, Bonnie raised her eyebrow slightly, as light as a wisp of smoke.
"I also believed that despite your
bias, you still had a conscience. But I didn't expect you to appear right away when my identity as university president had been exposed and you wanted something from me." 
Gresham choked up, instantly silenced. He felt a pang of guilt creeping into his heart.
After all, she was his biological daughter. Hearing her say such words to him was somewhat unsettling.
Bonnie continued, "It's too late to say anything now. You can leave."
Upon hearing Bonnie's dismissive words,
thesham's brows f
guilt that had in
his heart instantly dissipated.
t instantly dissect
###Chapter 1441
Chapter 1441
"Bonnie, I admit, perhaps due to you not living with us since childhood, we might have shown you less love compared to Trina. But regardless, you are still part of the Shepard family. You should help when there are family matters," Gresham asserted.
Bonnie smirked and responded firmly, "No. You've never done anything for me besides accusations. Don't expect to gain anything from me now!"
Her words were even more merciless than before.
Gresham's face suddenly changed, his chest heaving violently.
"Bonnie, how did you become like this? I don't know what sin I committed to have a daughter like you!"
The more he thought about it, the angrier he became, and the surging anger in his chest couldn't be suppressed.
"Heh... We don't care if you don't want to help us! You're young and lack connections and qualifications. I don't know what means you've used to sit in the position of president. Let's how long you can hold on!
"Don't come crying back to us when you're dragged down. We won't even spare you a glance!"
Bonnie didn't expect that by refusing to help Gresham and Vera, Gresham would resort to such malicious speculation about her.
Although somewhat unexpected, she also felt it was within their character. After all, she had long witnessed the shamelessness of the Shepard family.
"You don't need to bother about this anymore. Just go back to where you came from. Don't come looking for me again."
Bonnie turned away after saying this, clearly not wanting to look at them any longer.
"How long do you think you can remain smug?" Gresham scoffed heavily and left with Vera.
Before leaving, Vera cast a disappointed glance at Bonnie, as if she couldn't understand how she could have raised such a disobedient daughter.
After Gresham and Vera left, Ivor and Floyd emerged from the shadows.
Floyd felt a sense of pity while watching their angrily departing figures.
"It's hard to imagine. Someone as good as Ms. Bonnie would have such family members. I wonder how they will react when they find out she is actually Ms. Bonita."
Ivor did not comment and instead gave Floyd a meaningful look. "Have you finished everything I assigned you today?"
"I'm done..." Floyd replied with just two words, suddenly realizing something. He hurriedly added, "No, I haven't finished yet. I'll go take care of the remaining tasks now. Mr. Ivor, why don't you go see Ms. Bonnie alone?"
'Is Mr. Ivor just trying to spend time alone with Ms. Bonnie? He expressed it so subtly. If I hadn't followed him for so many years, I wouldn't have understood.'
"Mm." Ivor waved his hand.
Floyd quickly left on the elevator.
Ivor then walked into the hospital room and saw Bonnie busy in the small kitchenette.
A warm feeling suddenly rose in his heart.
"Honey..." He called out, and Bonnie turned around.
She furrowed her delicate brows when she saw he was alone.
"Why is it just you? Where's Floyd? Isn't he supposed to be with you?"
###Chapter 1442
Chapter 1442
"I sent him to handle other tasks."
As Ivor entered, he quietly closed the hospital room door and locked it. Unaware of his small gesture, Bonnie looked worried.
"Do you not have a clear understanding of your condition? Why didn't you let him assist you in coming here?" Ivor asked.
"My injury is on the shoulder, not the legs. I can walk by myself," Bonnie replied.
As he spoke, Ivor approached Bonnie and then reached out to embrace her slender waist.
"Honey, are you hiding something from me?" Ivor asked.
Bonnie raised an eyebrow lightly. "Are you talking about the Shepard family coming to see me?"
Gresham and Vera had only just left when Ivor arrived. She didn't elaborate further, assuming he had noticed.
"No," Ivor denied outright.
This left Bonnie momentarily stunned. "Not that? Then what is it?"
"Imph..." Ivor emitted a faint snort from his nostrils. "At this point, you're still hiding things from me."
He playfully bit Bonnie's ear. "You're not being honest!"
His grip was firm, causing Bonnie to gasp in pain.
"Ah..." She raised a hand to cover her ear, turned away, and glared at Ivor.
"Whatever you want to say, that's no reason to act crazy like this
Ivor interrupted before she could finish. "Why didn't you tell me about being Master Kieran?" Ivor's sudden question caught Bonnie off guard, followed by a wave of unease.
"How did you -"Bonnie began but caught herself in time, switching her approach. "Wait, I know Master Kieran is famous, but I don't know who she is. Why would you say that?"
Ivor chuckled at her response. Cupping Bonnie's face, he got straight to the point. "Honey, I heard your parents talking about it. How long do you plan to keep this from me? After all, I'm your husband. Don't I deserve to know?"
After seeing the displeasure on his face, Bonnie knew she was in the wrong. She took his hand and explained earnestly, "Although I am Master Kieran, I'm not particularly fond of painting. So I didn't want more people to know about my identity.
"After all, being involved in scientific research keeps me busy enough. Revealing another identity as Master Kieran could only bring trouble."
"Why didn't you mention it when you gave me the painting?" Ivor could understand Bonnie's reasoning, but he still felt somewhat uneasy. He often felt like an outsider in these matters.
"Well..." Bonnie was momentarily tongue-tied. Then she continued, "I didn't want you to feel indebted to me. Besides, it was just a painting. What's between us needs no division."
This statement struck a chord with Ivor. He had always felt that Bonnie treated him like an outsider.
But it was clear she regarded him as her own.
However, the matter of Bonnie hiding things from him couldn't just be brushed aside. He needed to extract a little "benefit" from her.
So Ivor leaned closer to Bonnie and gestured towards his check.
"While we don't divide between us, you shouldn't have hidden this from me. Now let me see your sincerity.
Upon hearing this, Bonnie twitched her lips helplessly.
'This man isn't easy to deceive, and he can talk about taking advantage of others with such ease and grace.
###Chapter 1443
Chapter 1443
Ivor spoke again when he saw Bonnie's lack of response, "What's wrong, Honey? Are you unwilling, or do you think it's right to keep it from me?"
His words resembled those of a child asking for candy but not getting any.
Bonnie inwardly cursed him for being childish, but she still went along.
"I know it's wrong to hide things from you," she said, cupping Ivor's face and planting a kiss.
"Is that enough?" she asked.
Feeling the dampness on his cheek, Ivor quietly curled his lips.
"Not enough," he said while tapping his lips.
Bonnie rolled her eyes in silence but followed his lead. She gave him a light kiss.
"Is that enough now?" she asked again.
The corners of Ivor's lips curved wider, though he tried to hide it.
"Still not enough," he said, tapping the other side of his cheek.
Bonnie gritted her teeth but complied.
"Done now?" she asked.
Ivor still shook his head.
"Not yet-"
Before she could finish, Bonnie was interrupted by Ivor's sudden kiss.
His actions were dominant and possessive, causing Bonnie to go weak, her resistance gradually relaxing.
She lost track of time until Bonnie's lips had lost sensation, and only then did Ivor reluctantly stop.
Ivor curled his lips into a satisfied smirk, looking at Bonnie's watery eyes.
"Now it's enough," he said.
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him once more.
"You're taking advantage of me!" Her lips were both sore and numb.
Even though she couldn't see without a mirror, she could feel that her lips were swollen.
"That's not even taking advantage," Ivor said while approaching Bonnie again. "Let me show you what truly taking advantage is like."
Bonnie quickly turned her head away. "Don't think I don't know what you're thinking, I'm telling you, don't even think about it."
Ivor chuckled softly.
"Honey, you're my wife. Isn't it natural for me to have such thoughts? If I don't even have that mindset towards my own wife, what kind of man would I be?"
"You're good at verbal sparring!" Bonnie scolded him with a glare.
Just as Ivor was about to retort, Bonnie's phone rang.
Glancing at Ivor, she pretended to be calm and answered, "I need to handle some things in the lab and check on the soup."
Ivor didn't question further. "Okay."
Bonnie walked into the kitchenette, glancing back at Ivor lying on the hospital bed before answering the call from Collin.
"What's up?" she asked.
Immediately, Collin's excited voice came through the phone.
"Ms. Bonnie, I've got great news! I'm getting married, and the ceremony is scheduled for the day after tomorrow! You must remember to come!"
###Chapter 1444
Chapter 1444
"Getting married?!"
Bonnie who was usually composed, couldn't help but raise her voice upon hearing the news.
She glanced toward Ivor, who was still sitting calmly on the hospital bed, before lowering her voice and asking Collin on the phone, "But didn't you not even have a girlfriend before? How did you suddenly decide to get married?"
At the mention, Collin awkwardly scratched the back of his head.
"It was love at first sight... We clicked instantly, got to know each other, spent some time together, and felt that we were right for each other for life. So, we decided to go for it. We've been preparing for the wedding for some time now."
"Love at first sight? But I wasn't even gone for half a month, and you hadn't met her then, right? So you're getting married after just knowing each other for half a month?"
Bonnie found it a bit unbelievable, but considering Collin's personality, doing such a thing wasn't entirely surprising.
"Yeah," Collin replied. When he talked about his love at first sight, his expression softened.
"Even though we've only known each other for half a month, she's different in my eyes. Everything she does seems lovely to me. I don't find anything annoying about her. Maybe that's how love works?"
Bonnie and Ivor didn't fall in love at first sight, so she couldn't quite understand Collin's feelings, but she still expressed her congratulations.
"As long as you're happy, I wish you both a long and happy life together."
Collin nodded firmly. "We will."
He then continued, telling Bonnie about his plans.
"Ms. Bonnie, besides the Nidhogg Organization members, I've also invited the boss of the Dark Knight Organization. Their time for borrowing our organization's chip is up, so I'll have him bring the chip back to us during the wedding."
Bonnie sighed helplessly while rubbing her forehead. "If you're planning a wedding, focus on that. Why worry about getting them to return our chip? Besides, I'll handle it later even if you don't mention it."
Collin smiled knowingly. "It's just a side matter. That chip carries too much of our organization's effort. We can't leave it in someone else's hands for too long."
"Since you've arranged it, then do it your way," Bonnie said, not pressing further.
Collin smiled. "Alright, Ms. Bonnie. I'll message Mr. Vic to invite him to my wedding."
"Okay," Bonnie replied lightly before hearing someone call Collin's name on the other end of the line.
Then Collin said to her, "Ms. Bonnie, I suddenly have a minor wedding detail to confirm, so I'll end the call here, alright?"
"Sure, go ahead," Bonnie replied before hanging up the phone.
Just as she lowered her head to check if the soup in the pot was ready, she suddenly saw Ivor standing beside her.
Even someone as composed as Bonnie was startled by Ivor's sudden appearance.
"Weren't you sitting on the hospital bed? How did you come here?"
Ivor gave Bonnie a meaningful look before calmly replying, "I came to see if your soup was ready. I'm a bit hungry,"
Bonnie thought he probably didn't hear it. "I haven't checked yet," she said, lifting the lid and checking the color of the soup in the pot. "It's done. I'll serve it for you."
"Okay," Ivor nodded slightly and turned to walk toward the bathroom. "I'll go to the bathroom first."
Bonnie didn't lift her head, focusing on ladling out the soup. "Alright."
In the moment Ivor turned around, a hint of unknown meaning flashed in his eyes.
In the restroom, he took out his phone and dialed Floyd's number.
"I need you to bring something back for me."
Floyd asked, "What is it, Mr. Ivor?"
###Chapter 1445
Chapter 1445
Ivor simply uttered two words.
Upon hearing them, Floyd stared at him in astonishment.
"Mr. Ivor, why do you want me to bring that thing over?" Floyd asked with eyes wide.
Ivor narrowed his long, narrow eyes, his tone suddenly turning cold.
"Just bring it when I tell you to. What's with all the questions?"
Caught off guard, Floyd hesitated for a moment before quickly responding, "Alright, Mr. Ivor, I'll go get it now."
Bonnie had already served the soup for him when Ivor came out.
Ivor praised with a smile, looking at the porcelain bowl on the table, "My wife is so capable."
Bonnie rolled her eyes. "The soup is right in front of you. Can't you stop talking?"
Ivor's eyes carried a meaningful glance as they grazed over Bonnie's lips. "Soup can't stop me now. Only you, Bonnie, can do that."
Understanding his gaze instantly, Bonnie blushed slightly. "Shameless!"
He used to be somewhat restrained in his shamelessness, but now it was becoming more blatant!
Ivor laughed helplessly. "Bonnie, how can you even look cute when you're angry?"
Bonnie was at a loss for words. This guy was a master at flirting-she couldn't win.
So she changed the subject. "Just drink your soup quickly. Stop talking nonsense, or it'll get cold and won't taste good later."
"Alright, I'll make sure to finish all the soup you've made for me. I won't waste your effort," Ivor said before lowering his head to start drinking the soup.
Bonnie was beyond words, sitting on the chair beside him and checking her phone.
While drinking the soup, Ivor's phone suddenly vibrated.
He picked it up and glanced at it, a shadowy and mysterious gleam crossing his eyes.
Some things were indeed as he had suspected...
After Ivor had finished his soup, there was a knock on the door. Just as Bonnie was about to put down her phone to answer it, Ivor stood up first.
"It should be Floyd. I had him go back to fetch something. I'll go out and get it now."
Bonnie disagreed slightly, turning her head to look at him. "You're injured, and you still want to handle documents? Do you have to push yourself so hard?"
Ivor intentionally had Floyd fetch something, and she instinctively thought it was documents.
"Not documents," Ivor said while looking at Bonnie with a gaze that held some complexity. "It's a surprise I prepared just for you."
"A surprise?" Bonnie was momentarily stunned.
"What kind of messy surprise have you secretly prepared for me now?" she asked incredulously.
Ivor had been serious, but her words amused him.
"Don't worry, you'll find out soon enough."
###Chapter 1446
Bonnie raised her eyebrows.
"What exactly is it? Why are you making such a big deal out of it?" she asked.
"Just wait a moment," Ivor replied, then turned toward the door.
As soon as he opened it, Floyd was indeed standing outside.
When Floyd saw Ivor, he immediately pulled out something wrapped in black cloth from his inner suit lining and handed it to Ivor.
"Mr. Ivor, here's what you asked for."
"Hmm." Ivor took it from Floyd and waved him off. "You can go now."
"Okay." Floyd nodded and quickly left the area.
However, he was still filled with curiosity as he turned away. He couldn't quite understand why Mr. Ivor had him bring this thing over.
Ivor took the item and returned to the hospital room.
Bonnie's gaze followed him the entire time.
Seeing him come in with the black-clothed item in hand, she furrowed her brows.
"Is this the surprise you prepared for me? Why does it look a bit... ugly?"
Ivor didn't immediately respond to Bonnie's comment. Instead, he held the item in one hand and guided Bonnie to sit on the sofa with the other. "Once you see what this thing really looks like, you won't think it's ugly anymore. In fact, you'll be shocked."
"Shocked?" Suspicion flashed in Bonnie's eyes.
"Are you sure?"
There were very few things that could genuinely surprise her, so she doubted Ivor's words.
It was highly likely that he was teasing her to pique her curiosity, something he had done many times before.
"Yeah..." Ivor placed the item on the table and leaned his chin on his hand, looking at Bonnie.
"Honey, take a guess. What do you think is inside?"
Bonnie gently rubbed her chin, pondering for a good ten seconds before shaking her head.
"I have no idea..."
Ivor often gave her strange and exotic gifts, so she couldn't guess what could be wrapped in black cloth this time.
"In that
Ivor raised his chin
yoursese, why don't you open it , indicating for her to une.net n on the table. Cont.net
the
Bonnie suddenly felt that Ivor's actions were strange, but she couldn't quite pinpoint why. She
suddenly blushed slightly while
staring at the item in front of her for
a while. 
"I-Is there something inappropriate inside? Knowing your nature, it's quite possible."
Ivor was taken aback by her words,
first startled, then bemusedly
nove.ne
responded, "No, but if you like, can give you something inappropriate next time." 
"Get out of here!" Blushing, Bonnie waved her hand at him.
Then she looked down at the item on the table.
"Should I open it?"
Ivor nodded.
"Go ahead."
Bonnie stepped forward, extended her hand, and slowly uncovered the black cloth.
There was a small black box underneath the cloth.
The box looked exquisite and unique, adorned with many intricate patterns.
"What is it exactly?" she muttered curiously, holding the box in her hands. Then she pressed the central switch to open it.
Once the box opened, a silver chip caught her eye.
###Chapter 1447
If this were an ordinary chip, it would be one thing. But for Bonnie, this chip was incredibly familiar.
'This chip was the one I had lent to the Dark Knight Organization half a month ago. But how did this chip end up in Ivor's hands?'
'Could it be...?'
A bold guess started forming in Bonnie's mind, and her gaze kept darting back and forth on Ivor.
'Could things be as I suspected? If so, it would be quite unbelievable...'
Bonnie's mind was suddenly filled with too much information, leaving her feeling chaotic and confused.
Uncertainty clouded her understanding of the truth.
Just then, Ivor suddenly looked at Bonnie and said, "I returned the Nidhogg Organization's chip to them."
His words practically admitted his identity outright.
Bonnie's face was full of astonishment, and her eyes showed intense disbelief.
"Y-You are..."
After being frozen for a dozen seconds, she finally managed to find her voice.
"You're the leader of the Dark Knight Organization?!"
Thinking back, she had interacted with the leader of the Dark Knight Organization many times before. There were moments when she felt the leader's demeanor resembled Ivor's.
But she dismissed that thought later, trusting Ivor and believing his explanation that he was on a business trip in the neighboring city, so she never considered it.
After spending so much time together, how could she... not see it at all?
Ivor nodded in acknowledgment. "Yes, I am."
Then he spoke with a tone filled with emotion, "Bonnie, you hid it so well. During my time at Yale, I really couldn't tell that you were the leader of the Nidhogg Organization. I never even thought about it... If I hadn't heard that phone call just now, I would still be completely in the dark." 
"So you heard that phone call. No wonder you suddenly figured out my identity." Bonnie suddenly realized, feeling amazed that just a phone call had exposed her identity. It was indeed a careless mistake!
Gathering her thoughts, she glanced at Ivor.
"You hid it so well, too. You said you were on a business trip in the neighboring city, but you went all the way to Yale, which is thousands of
miles away from the neighboring city." 
IMS
That was why she never suspected Ivor of being Vic.
Unexpectedly, Ivor gave her such a big surprise!
Indeed, his gift was pretty shocking. She hadn't been this surprised in a long time.
Unable to hold back a smile, Ivor said, "Bonnie, don't just blame me. Didn't you tell me you were conducting experiments at Pyralis University? Yet you went to Yale to find a chip." "Are you questioning me?" Bonnie let out a faint hum through her nose.
"I didn't mean that." Ivor stood up and pulled Bonnie into his arms.
"I just feel that fate is miraculous, always binding us together."
Bonnie remained silent for two seconds before letting out another faint hum. "A doomed relationship."
Ivor chuckled helplessly. "If you say so, then so be it. But a doomed relationship also means we have a fate together. There's no difference."
Thinking of this, Ivor suddenly thought of Yasmine.
"I remember when Yasmine liked you. I was quite wary of you then. Who would have thought that Yasmine was the one I should have been wary of."
Back then, because of Yasmine, he
had speculated that Mr. Boyd had less-than-good intentions. Now, the more he thought about it, the more he found it both laughable and exasperating. 
Bonnie rolled her eyes at him. "Yasmine is just a young girl at heart. Don't bother comparing yourself with her."
###Chapter 1448
Ivor naturally wouldn't quarrel with Yasmine. But recalling Yasmine's infatuation with Bonnie, he couldn't help feeling a hint of jealousy.
"Promise me, next time you see her, don't show too much intimacy."
Bonnie cast a sidelong glance at him.
"I haven't asked you yet. Why does it seem like you're more lenient towards Yasmine than others? Now you're turning the question back on me?"
Ivor was momentarily stunned, then let out an almost imperceptible sigh. "This is a long story."
Bonnie knew there was more to this when she saw Ivor's reaction. A hint of curiosity appeared in her eyes.
"Then you can make it short."
Ivor smiled lightly and then reached out to tap his cheek. "If you want to know, kiss me, and I'll tell you."
Bonnie rolled her eyes speechlessly. "You really know how to take advantage of any situation. You've taken that to a whole new level."
Although she said this, she eventually kissed him.
"Can you tell me now?"
Ivor chuckled softly.
"Rare that you're so curious about something and so proactive with me. Alright, I'll tell you."
To Ivor's words, Bonnie responded with nothing but another eye-roll. "You make it sound like such a chore. Fine-"
Ivor was afraid Bonnie would actually get angry, so he leaned over and lightly pecked her lips.
"I was just joking. Don't be mad."
"Not mad."
Bonnie raised an eyebrow at him. "I was joking, too."
Ivor chuckled softly again, then affectionately tousled Bonnie's hair.
"Alright, I know. We're both just joking. So, are you really curious why I'm so lenient towards Yasmine? Let me explain."
Bonnie nodded. "Go ahead."
"Three years ago, our organization
vel.net
undertook a rather dangerous mission. Yasmine's brother
Eed himself to save me during
mission..." 
A deep pain crossed Ivor's eyes as he spoke.
Bonnie reached out and gently patted Ivor's shoulder to comfort him, a trace of guilt appearing in her eyes.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you that out of curiosity."
She had guessed there was more to the story, but she never expected the truth to be like this.
"It's okay. You couldn't have known beforehand, right?" Ivor managed to smile.
"Not only did yasmine not blame me, but she also constantly comforted me and encouraged me to move on from that darkness. If it weren't for her understanding and forgiveness, I might still be trapped in the shadow of that event." 
Bonnie leaned closer, gently hugging Ivor.
J.net
"It's okay. Protecting you was supposed to be the duty of your subordinates. You wanted to save him too, but things didn't go as planned. It's not your fault. 
Ivor returned the embrace, and the two leaned against each other.
"Some things I understand logically, but whenever I think back to that event, my heart..."
His words trailed off, and he sighed heavily, revealing just how difficult it was for him to accept what had happened.
###Chapter 1449
Bonnie held Ivor's hand, slightly tightening her grip. "It's okay, it's all in the past now. Everything has passed."
"Mm," Ivor responded softly, his eyes cast downward, quietly leaning against Bonnie.
Taking in the faint fragrance from Bonnie, his wildly beating heart seemed to calm down in an instant.
Bonnie gently stroked Ivor's back, trying to ease the sorrow deep within him.
"Now, do you understand why I'm so lenient towards Yasmine?" Ivor suddenly asked, lifting his head.
"Of course I understand." Bonnie smiled. "Yasmine is a good girl, worthy of your leniency. Her smile has always been bright, and I hope she can always be carefree." "Bonnie..." Ivor looked at her, his eyes seeming to hold a thousand words.
Bonnie felt a bit uncomfortable under his gaze and raised her hand to cover his eyes.
"Don't look at me like that. It feels weird."
Ivor chuckled and was about to tease Bonnie again, but considering he had already teased her enough today, he didn't want to risk making her genuinely upset. "Alright, since you don't want me to look, I won't."
Surprised by his sincere response, Bonnie glanced at him.
It's good that he's not too talkative; she could use a break.
Bonnie glanced at the chip placed nearby, then picked it up and handed it back to Ivor. "Here, it's for you."
Ivor was utterly taken aback that Bonnie would give him the chip. He stood frozen in place for a good fifteen seconds before he managed to regain his voice. "Bonnie, are you serious?"
Although Bonnie was his wife, and he currently needed this chip very much, he knew it was a result of the Nidhogg Organization's hard work. He never thought Bonnie would give him this chip, let alone joke about such an important matter. 
"Do you think I would joke about something so important with you?" Bonnie pushed the chip into Ivor's hand again.
"Didn't you say before? You really
inet
need the technology in this chip.
Take it back, study it well, and
When
you've found what you need, bring it
back to me." 
"But..." Ivor hesitated, not taking the chip. "This chip was also a result of your organization's hard work."
"You often say I'm your wife, right? Since that's the case, why are you still being so polite with me?" Bonnje insisted, forcibly placing the chip into his hand. "Family members shouldn't be so formal with each other. If you continue to be polite with me, I'll get mad." 
Ivor's eyes trembled slightly as he held the chip, feeling its slight chill, but his heart felt warm.
"Honey, thank you."
Upon hearing this, Bonnie immediately pressed her fingertip against his lips.
"You used to always say not to thank you. It's too formal. So why are you thanking me now? Doesn't it feel too formal?"
Ivor was deeply moved. "Yeah, it does. I won't say it anymore."
Bonnie nodded in satisfaction. "That's more like it."
Just then, Bonnie's phone, which was in her pocket, suddenly rang. Taking out her phone and looking at it, she saw it was a call from Avril. "Bonnie! Something big has happened!"
###Chapter 1450
Chapter 1450
Bonnie knitted her eyebrows slightly when she heard Avril's panicked voice.
"What happened?"
Ivor, listening nearby, leaned in to hear as well.
"It's..." Avril was so anxious that she couldn't get the words out at first. After a few seconds, she found her voice again. "Mr. Ivor was rushed to the hospital as a result of saving you during the ribbon-cutting event, right? Well, some students recorded it and uploaded the videos online.
"Everyone thought Mr. Ivor's reaction was very unusual, so they dug into your identity. They even found the old engagement videos of you and Mr. Ivor, and people started guessing. Eventually, they deduced that you are Mrs. Ivor Knight..."
She paused, her tone becoming more complex. "In short, people are arguing back and forth online. It's a huge mess, and I can't fully explain it. You should check it out yourself."
"Got it," Bonnie replied. "I'll look into it right now."
Avril nodded. "I'll get some friends to help control the narrative and see if we can manage it."
"Thanks," Bonnie said, feeling a sudden warmth in her chest.
"You're making me feel awkward," Avril said, scratching the back of her head. "We're friends. It's what I should do. Why be so formal?" Bonnie chuckled. "Alright, I won't say it next time."
"Let's get to work! We need to shut down those trolls saying bad things about you!" Avril said, her fist clenched with determination.
"Alright." Bonnie smiled and ended the call, her expression gradually turning severe.
Upon seeing this, Ivor stepped forward and gently held her hand. "Bonnie, don't worry. Whatever it is, I'll face it with you."
"Okay." Bonnie nodded, looking down at her phone and opening the Twitter app.
She immediately saw the trending topic on the homepage. She found the comment section divided when she clicked on the details.
"Oh my god! Is Mr. Ivor blind? How could he be interested in someone like Bonnie with such a bad record and no skills?"
"The comment above is a bit too
harsh, isn't it? I think Bonnie is great. She's beautiful and was a top scorer on the college entrance exam. Isn't it normal for Mr. Ivor to fall for such an outstanding girl?" 
"Outstanding? Haha, are you kidding me? Bonnie, who skips classes all the time and is barely at school for ten days in a semester, is
wn
outstanding? Sure, she was a top scorer, but that could've been a fluke!" 
"Exactly. Before she came to our school, she was always failing her exams and came from a rural backwater. Let's be real, can rural education be that good? And even if she were a top scorer, her abilities and qualifications aren't enough for her to be our president! 
"I suspect she became the president because she's Mrs. Ivor Knight. The school's higher-ups probably chose her for that reason."
###Chapter 1451
Chapter 1451
These two comments quickly attracted rebuttals.
"I don't understand why you all keep dragging the Knight Group and the university into this. Maybe Bonnie and Mr. Ivor love each other, so they got married.
"Matters of the heart are unpredictable. Using this to attack Bonnie seems inappropriate, don't you think?"
"Let me add something. When Bonnie first came to Pyralis University, the higher-ups and professors were skeptical of her. They even tried to persuade her to leave multiple times. However, she won them over with her abilities.
"Her assignments in specialized courses were even more professional than the professors'. Isn't that impressive?"
"Bonnie earned her privileges from the higher-ups and professors with her abilities. The ones gossiping about her from the sidelines lack talent."
"Even if Bonnie is as you say, what does that prove? Can just being good at specialized courses make you the principal of Pyralis University?
"When did our school's standards get so low? Ultimately, it's still because of a man. I don't get why so many people are defending her. Did she give you some benefits?"
"I think the ones defending her have the same mentality of relying on men. There's no point talking to such unambitious people."
"Hah, to the person above, don't you feel guilty saying that? Doesn't your conscience prick you? What rank are you in your specialized courses?
"Have you scored higher than Bonnie in exams? Are you prettier or more talented than her? You're just bitter and jealous. If you have the guts, come and face me in person. Let's see how capable you are!"
Ivor saw Bonnie staring at the comments silently, and his heart ached for her.
"Bonnie, don't be upset. I'll handle this. For now, just return to the family estate and spend time with Grandpa. Don't look at those messy online comments."
35
"I'm fine," Bonnie said, shaking her phone at him. "Look, a lot of people are defending me." Ivor relaxed after seeing that Bonnie didn't seem too emotionally affected, "Really? Let me see.' He leaned in to look at the screen with Bonnie. Seeing the supportive comments made him smile. "Seems like some people can see how amazing our Bonnie is. But those who insulted Bonnie were too superficial and shallow."
Bonnie chuckled. "Even now, you don't miss a chance to flatter me. You're dedicated, aren't you?" Ivor laughed at Bonnie's words but then frowned as he saw the harsh comments about her.
"Bonnie, we need to handle this online situation immediately. Otherwise, these people will only get nastier. I don't want you to be caught up in this negativity. I'll contact the Knight Group's PR team right now."
Bonnie quickly pressed his hand down after seeing him take out his phone.
"No need to rush."
Ivor was taken aback. "No rush?"
Bonnie's lips curled into a sly smile, and her eyes glinted with determination. "I can handle this myself. No need for you to step in."
###Chapter 1452
Chapter 1452
"Handle it yourself? How are you planning to do that?" Ivor knew Bonnie always had her ideas, but the online backlash was immense. He was worried about her getting hurt.
Bonnie gave him a mysterious wink. "It's a secret. You'll find out when the time comes."
Ivor laughed helplessly and pulled Bonnie into his arms. "I'm your husband. Don't I have the right to know the truth?"
Bonnie glanced at him coolly. "Are you saying you don't trust my ability to handle things?"
"My wife is always capable. I would never doubt your ability," Ivor said, gently clasping Bonnie's hand and intertwining their fingers. "I just want to share the responsibility with you, not let you bear it alone."
Bonnie squeezed Ivor's hand in return. "I know you mean well and worry about me, but I want to handle this myself. I have a plan, so don't worry."
Seeing Bonnie so resolute, Ivor couldn't argue further. "Alright, handle it your way. If you need my help with anything, just let me know."
"I got it." Bonnie smiled at Ivor. If I need help, I won't hesitate to ask."
After their conversation, Bonnie began preparing everything she needed for her plan. Ivor, unsure of her intentions, decided not to interfere, not wanting to hinder her efforts accidentally. The best thing he could do now was to focus on recovering and avoid adding to Bonnie's burdens.
Without any statements from Bonnie or Ivor, the online situation continued to escalate and spiral out of control. Eventually, the news reached the Shepard family.
Harold convened a family meeting. "Have you all seen the trending topics online?"
Gresham, Vera, Carlee, and Trina all nodded in unison. "Yes, we've seen them."
"Thank heaven! If Gresham and my daughter-in-law hadn't failed to persuade Bonnie to help us last time, who knows how much trouble our family would be in now!" At that moment, Harold felt immense relief.
The Shepard family's business was already struggling, and being dragged into Bonnie's mess would have made things worse.
Fortunately, Bonnie refused to help Harold and Vera, sparing the family from further trouble. Vera recalled Bonnie's harsh words at the hospital, and her face turned sour.
"Dad, I've always said that Bonnie is ungrateful and lacks family honor. You shouldn't have relied on her for help. We shouldn't have gone to see her last time. Now, we've been humiliated by her for nothing."
###Chapter 1453
Chapter 1453
The more Vera thought about it, the angrier she became. Someone like Bonnie didn't deserve their familial affection! Harold didn't know what to say, realizing he was wrong. After coughing lightly a couple of times, he shifted the topic.
"Let's move past this. Now, I must tell you how to avoid getting dragged down. If you do, I won't be able to save you!"
Gresham spoke up, "Dad, what should we do?"
Carlee analyzed, "Yeah, Dad, we don't want to be dragged down by Bonnie! If you think about it, it's obvious. She's so young, skips classes, disrespects her teachers, and doesn't get along with her classmates. How could she be qualified to be the principal?"
"I suspected something fishy back then but didn't expect her to latch onto Ivor! Now that this has blown up, even the Knight family is embarrassed. I bet a high-status family like theirs won't stand the pressure and will soon kick her out!"
Trina's eyes lit up at this. She had envied Bonnie for marrying into the Knight family and becoming a high -society lady. But now, hearing Carlee's analysis, she believed Bonnie would soon be kicked out.
That would be perfect! No one would threaten her position in the Shepard family anymore.
Gresham sighed heavily. "I knew she used underhanded means to become the principal of Pyralis University. I called her out, but she was so arrogant. Now, it proves I was right with everything exposed."
Carlee shook his head in disgust. "We thought Bonnie might finally achieve something, but she's hopeless. Now that she's done something shameful, I can't even go out. I'm embarrassed for people to know she's part of our family."
Harold said, "Why be embarrassed? If anyone asks, just say Bonnie is no longer part of our family and has been disowned."
Gresham seemed to understand. "Dad, are you suggesting we cut ties with Bonnie and deny any relation to her?"
"Exactly!" Harold nodded firmly, then turned to Gresham and Vera. "Gresham, Vera, I know you consider Bonnie your own, no matter what. But for the family's sake, you must consider the bigger picture.
"If Bonnie gets kicked out by the Knight family and comes to you, don't soften. Pretend you don't know her. She's under a microscope, and any contact could ruin us."
Gresham and Vera exchanged glances and nodded. "Dad, we understand."
"Bonnie's actions have shamed us enough. As her parents, we can't further disgrace the family."
Harold was pleased with their response. "Good, you understand. There's no need to say more."
Just then, Trina, holding her phone, exclaimed, "A major influencer on Twitter has come forward, claiming to have evidence that Bonnie s*** Ivor through unscrupulous means!"
###Chapter 1454
Chapter 1454
"What?" Gresham immediately reached out to Trina. "Trina, let me see the phone!"
Trina quickly handed over the phone, and Vera leaned in to look. The influencer's accusations were detailed and convincing on the screen.
He narrated the entire process of Bonnie s*** Ivor and drugging him, claiming that it was through these despicable means that she forced Ivor into marriage.
Given that this influencer had a significant following and many who enjoyed his content, his post quickly swayed public opinion. Many who had previously defended Bonnie now turned against her, with only a few still standing by her.
"I knew it! Bonnie isn't as innocent as she looks. Now, we have proof! Let's see how those defending her can justify it now."
"Exactly. Isn't it obvious that Bonnie used Ivor to become the principal of Pyralis University? How can people still defend her? Those who do must be just like her."
"Don't you have any basic judgment skills? Pyralis University has been around for over a century. Even the powerful Knight family can't force them to appoint someone unqualified. I believe in my alma mater. Bonnie must have some exceptional qualities to be chosen as principal."
"Everyone seems to have a point. I'll stay neutral and see if there's any twist later."
Vera felt disgusted reading these comments. She believed those defending Bonnie were blinded by her looks, unaware of her vile nature. With a heavy sigh, she voiced her disappointment.
"It's such a disgrace to our family! How did we end up with such a shameless person?"
As Bonnie's mother, Vera felt deeply embarrassed. Harold also took out his phone and saw the same things.
"Ruined, completely ruined! Bonnie is done for."
He turned to Gresham and Vera, emphasizing his earlier point. "Gresham, Vera, remember what I said. If Bonnie comes to you desperately, do not go soft. Avoid any contact with her, understand?"
Gresham and Vera exchanged looks and nodded firmly. "Dad, we understand."
"We're already ashamed of what Bonnie has done. We won't bring further disgrace to the family."
Carlee scoffed, his expression filled with disdain. "I suggest we all stay home until this blows over to avoid any chance of Bonnie latching onto us."
Harold nodded in agreement. "That's a good idea. Let's all stay home for now. If Bonnie tries to contact us, we'll refuse to see her."
Gresham and Vera had no ions. "We'll do as you say."
"Yes, we'll stay home and avoid her entirely."
Meanwhile, Ivor read the influencer's post in the hospital, and his expression darkened with anger. "This is pure nonsense!"
Bonnie looked at the screen when she heard him. Her brows furrowed slightly at the content. "These online influencers will do anything for attention. It's just one more example."
###Chapter 1455
Chapter 1455
Ivor's frown deepened, and the cold aura around him intensified. "Bonnie, I'll clarify things on the Knight Group's official website right now."
Bonnie had repeatedly asked him to wait, but he couldn't stand idly by while others insulted her.
"No need," Bonnie declined again. "I have my plans."
"But-
Ivor started to argue but felt Bonnie gently squeeze his hand. "Trust me."
Meeting Bonnie's confident gaze, Ivor's frown remained, but he respected her decision. "Alright, do what you need to."
"Mhm," Bonnie responded, a meaningful smile forming on her lips as she seemed to have thought of something. "I've already made preparations. I'll resolve it soon."
Ivor wanted to let Bonnie handle it herself, but he still felt uneasy after some thought. He added, "I'll have the Knight Group's PR department on standby to handle sudden developments."
Bonnie knew what she was planning wasn't suitable for Ivor to get involved in. However, seeing how worried he was, she didn't refuse his offer. Perhaps it would make him feel better. "Alright, you can have them ready. They might come in handy."
Ivor smiled when Bonnie agreed. "Good, I'll call them right away."
Bonnie nodded and walked towards the door. "I'll make a call, too."
In the hallway, Bonnie pulled up her contacts and found a number. "I agree to the interview you mentioned last time."
"Re-really?" The person on the other end sounded extremely excited. "I'll arrange it immediately. This news will cause a huge sensation."
While the person on the phone was overjoyed, Bonnie's expression remained calm and composed. "Yes, make the arrangements as soon as possible."
"Understood, I'll get it done right away," the person replied eagerly.
Bonnie's eyes gazed into the distance with a hint of dark determination after hanging up the phone. Some identities were meant to be revealed now. Given the current situation's intensity, it was time for the storm to become even fiercer.
About an hour later, an official channel in Arvandor suddenly announced that Ms. Bonita had agreed to a live interview.
This news created a massive uproar, with netizens flooding the official channel's comments section. Everyone was eager to know the exact time of the interview.
###Chapter 1456
Chapter 1456
It wasn't just Arvandor; even netizens abroad had caught wind of the news. The official channel's comments section was filled with messages from people worldwide.
Different languages represented different regions, indicating that Ms. Bonita's interview news had garnered global attention.
As Bonnie read the online chatter, her phone screen lit up with an incoming call notification. She glanced at the number before quickly answering.
"Hello?"
"Ms. Bonita, we wanted to confirm a convenient time for your interview."
"Have all the arrangements been made on your end?"
"Everything is ready; we're just waiting to confirm the time with you."
"Alright... let's do it at 7:30 PM."
"Thank you, Ms. Bonita. We'll be ready to welcome you on the official channel at 7:30." "Okay."
Ivor's voice came from behind her as soon as she ended the call.
"Bonnie, I think I know what you're planning, but are you sure?"
"Yes." Bonnie nodded and gave Ivor a playful look. "Didn't you always want me to give you a proper status in front of everyone? Tonight, I will."
Ivor's initial happiness quickly turned into concern. "If you're doing this for me, it's unnecessary. Your identity is too complex and involves too many things. Revealing it could put you in danger."
"It's alright; I can protect myself." Bonnie had decided long before deciding on this course of action." Besides, this identity of mine will be known to the world sooner or later. Whether I reveal it now or later makes no difference."
Her primary reason for revealing her identity now was because of Ivor. The people online were insulting her and criticizing Ivor for being blind and having poor judgment. She wanted to show everyone that her man had the best judgment and the sharpest eyes in the world.
Ivor had always protected her, shielding her from harm. Now, it was her turn to shield him from verbal attacks.
Ivor furrowed his brows, wanting to say more, but he swallowed his words after seeing Bonnie's determination. He then placed his hands gently on her shoulders and spoke earnestly.
"Bonnie, I won't say anything more since you've decided. I just want you to know that no matter what consequences this brings, I'll face them with you. We'll weather the storm together."
Moved by Ivor's sincerity, a warm feeling surged through Bonnie's chest. She nodded firmly. "Okay." At the Shepard family home, Harold was the first to see the news about Ms. Bonita's upcoming live interview. He quickly called everyone over when he noted the time was set for 7:30 PM and saw it was already 7:00,
"Gresham, Trina, Vera, come quickly! Ms. Bonita's live interview is about to start!"
Gresham and the others, chatting on the sofa, stood up and gathered around Harold upon hearing the
news.
"Dad, didn't Ms. Bonita always refuse to appear in public? And now a live interview? Are you sure? Could this be fake news?"
"The official channel released this news. How could it be fake?" Harold handed his phone to Gresham.
###Chapter 1457
Chapter 1457
"See for yourself!" Harold handed the phone to Gresham, who scrutinized the screen multiple times.
"It's true!" Gresham exclaimed, astonished. "But why is Ms. Bonita suddenly agreeing to an interview now? She always refused, no matter how much they persuaded her."
"That's something only Ms. Bonita herself would know," Grant remarked, his expression filled with admiration. "Ms. Bonita is a great scientist who has benefited all of Arvandor! Maybe she has another groundbreaking announcement. I'm looking forward to it."
"I wonder what Ms. Bonita looks like. They say she's very young. Maybe one day, Trina could have the chance to work with her," Vera said, clearly hopeful for her daughter's future.
Vera still had high hopes for Trina, believing she was far more obedient and sensible than Bonnie.
Trina responded quickly, "Mom, I'll work even harder. Someday, I'll try to join Ms. Bonita's research institute and contribute to our family."
Vera beamed with pride. "Our Trina is so sensible."
Harold frowned in displeasure when he noticed the chatter. "Enough talking, everyone sit down quickly. We don't want to miss the important moment when Ms. Bonita appears."
The family hurried to the sofa, their eyes fixed intently on the TV.
Meanwhile, Gunnar and Sydney were also glued to the television in another villa, eagerly anticipating Ms. Bonita's live interview.
"Is my watch broken? It feels like time is dragging. It's still not 7:30," Sydney complained.
"Yes, the minutes seem to be getting longer. I can't wait any longer," Gunnar added.
Watching their excitement, Flynn interjected, "Dad, Mom, there's no need to be so anxious and nervous."
Internally, Flynn was smug. They have no idea what's coming. If they're this tense now, they'll probably faint when they see Ms. Bonita's face.
Sydney shot him a glare. "This is Ms. Bonita we're talking about! Arvandor's greatest scientist. Of course, we're nervous and excited."
"Just stay out of the way, and don't distract us from watching TV!" she continued.
Gunnar said, "Yes, go over there and don't disturb us."
Flynn shrugged. "Alright, I'll leave you to it."
He moved to the corner of the sofa, playing with his phone but staying close enough to witness their reactions when they saw Ms. Bonita.
With Flynn out of the way, Sydney and Gunnar resumed their conversation in hushed tones.
"I'll start recording with my phone. Let me know when it's time. I must capture the moment Ms. Bonita appears," Sydney said.
"Okay, I'll keep an eye on the time," Gunnar agreed.
Time ticked by slowly. Although it was yet to be 7:30, the official channel's viewership surged, leaving other popular channels far behind.
The related discussion on social media platforms had reached over 20 billion interactions, indicating the
massive interest in Ms. Bonita's interview.
The world was eagerly waiting. Everyone was excited and reverent, anticipating when the esteemed Ms. Bonita would finally reveal herself to the public.
###Chapter 1458
Chapter 1458
It was already half past seven. Fearing they might miss the ideal opportunity to see Ms. Bonita arrive, everyone held their breath and stared at the television without blinking.
Finally!
Bonnie's delicately carved face appeared in front of the camera.
She wore the protective suit she often wore during research, with a badge on her chest that read Ms. Bonita!
When Bonnie appeared on screen, Gresham's eyes widened in astonishment, and his body stiffened, unsure how to react.
Vera's limbs became weak. She moved her mouth, but her throat was dry, making it difficult to make a sound.
Sitting on the far left, Grant stared at the scene with eyes wider than copper bells, his gaze fixed on the screen without blinking.
He even began to doubt his own eyes.
Otherwise, how could he see Bonnie, whom they had looked down upon, appearing on the official channel? And with a badge that said Ms. Bonita on her chest?
Grant rubbed his eyes vigorously, trying to rub away the illusion before him.
But after rubbing several times, the scene before him remained unchanged.
Could it be possible? Could Bonnie be Ms. Bonita?
Trina was even more shocked, unable to speak. Her face instantly drained of color, and her whole body trembled uncontrollably.
Several occasions before, she had speculated that Bonnie might be Ms. Bonita.
But she had dismissed it because the idea was so unbelievable. Yet what she had never expected was that Bonnie was Ms. Bonita?!
Reality gave Trina a hard slap. It turned out that Bonnie, who had grown up away from them and whom they thought had many flaws in their eyes, was secretly growing into such a remarkable person!
At this moment, even Harold, who had seen many storms, couldn't help but widen his eyes. His mouth was slightly agape, and his eyes were full of shock and disbelief.
Suddenly, the expressions of everyone in the Shepard family varied, and the living room fell into a dead silence.
Silence persisted for more than ten seconds before Harold spoke first.
"Bonnie is Ms. Bonita! It's the blessing accumulated by our Shepard family for eight generations! We should buy several fireworks boxes immediately and celebrate with Bonnie!"
Vera hesitated and softly voiced her opposition.
"Dad, please don't rush. What if there's a mistake?"
Just as Vera finished speaking, Bonnie's confident voice came from the TV.
She talked about the upgraded research ideas for new nanotechnology and the recent research institute
projects that would contribute to Arvandor.
She was full of confidence under the spotlight as if even her hair was glowing.
Everything displayed before Vera seemed to slap her in the face with reality.
In their eyes, the Bonnie who had not grown up with them, whom they believed had many flaws, did not obey rules, did not respect elders, and often caused trouble, had secretly grown into such excellence!
Regret and sorrow flooded Vera's heart, and traces of sadness appeared on her face when she recalled her previous disdain and rejection of Bonnie.
"This is the official channel! It represents the authority of Arvandor. Moreover, this involves someone as eminent as Ms. Bonita. How could they possibly be wrong?"
After Harold gave a firm answer, she regretted it even more deeply.
"No wonder Bonnie didn't want to talk or communicate with us. It turns out that we were the ones who
did wrong, the foolish ones, and it was us!"
After saying this, he suddenly stood up from the sofa.
"Quickly, while there's still time, let's hurry to the TV station to find Bonnie and apologize to her. We're all family. She must forgive us."
Gresham also snapped out of his astonishment and quickly stood up to walk to Harold's side.
###Chapter 1459
Chapter 1459
"Dad, I'm going with you!" Vera wiped away the tears of guilt that had welled up due to Bonnie. She continued with her hoarse voice. "I'm going too. I've said too many hurtful things to Bonnie during this time. I-I must go and apologize to her in person."
Carlee followed closely, "I'm going too. As a family, we must seek Bonnie's forgiveness together!"
Upon seeing the whole family's focus on Bonnie, Trina turned upstairs with a dim expression.
She wouldn't have a place in this family anymore when Bonnie returned.
Bonnie was a scientific giant in Arvandor, and she had no comparison or qualification to be mentioned alongside her. So, she should leave before Bonnie returned. It would be too embarrassing to be kicked out later.
On the other side, Sydney held her phone motionless, staring dumbfounded at Bonnie on the screen. Her face was filled with shock.
"Is she... our niece-in-law? Our niece-in-law is Ms. Bonita?"
Gunnar looked at Bonnie on the TV screen and nodded dazedly.
"It seems so..."
Flynn looked at the astonishment on his parents' faces and proudly lifted his chin.
"Now you know why I admire my sister-in-law so much, right?"
Upon hearing this, Sydney turned her head sharply to look at him.
"Are you saying you knew that your sister-in-law is Ms. Bonita?"
Facing his mother's astonished eyes, Flynn inexplicably felt a sense of superiority.
"Yeah."
"No wonder..." Sydney recalled scenes where her son unquestioningly trusted Bonnie and held her in high regard, and suddenly, everything became clear.
At that time, she had thought her son's brain was abnormal because of Bonnie's influence.
But the real reason turned out to be like this.
Gunnar also realized this and reached out to pat Flynn's shoulder. "Son, you're perceptive."
Flynn was overjoyed when his parents finally cleared up the matter of his brain problem.
"Of course, I'm smarter than anyone else. I'm not a fool!"
At this moment, upon learning about Bonnie's identity, netizens and classmates from Pyralis University quickly changed their tune in the comments section, self-critically slapping themselves and apologizing to Bonnie.
"Um, I said before that Bonnie wasn't worthy of Mr. Ivor and even said Mr. Ivor was blind. It's not Mr. Ivor who's blind. It's me! I'm the one who's blind. I'm shallow! I'm going to the balcony right now and shout three times that I'm an idiot!"
"Wahhh - Ms. Bonita, I'm sorry for my words and actions just now. I'm sorry!"
"The person above is right. We were blind. Why didn't we realize sooner that Bonnie is Ms. Bonita? And Ms. Bonita, as the principal of Pyralis University, is a complete understatement! Her willingness to come
to our Pyralis University as principal is truly our honor!"
Amidst everyone's remorse and astonishment, Bonnie had already finished today's interview.
Ivor was waiting for her backstage, and the two walked hand in hand out the back door.
Harold and the others, waiting outside, saw Bonnie and immediately rushed forward. "Bonnie, I have something to say to you. Are you available?"
###Chapter 1460
Chapter 1460
Upon seeing the group of Shepard family members in front of her, Ivor's long brows tightened abruptly. Instinctively stepping forward, he shielded Bonnie behind him.
Bonnie's heart warmed when she saw Ivor blocking her path. She gently patted his arm to reassure him." You go ahead first. I'll have a private chat with them."
Ivor hesitated momentarily, looking into Bonnie's clear eyes, and finally nodded.
"Okay, I'll be in the corridor over there. Call me if you need anything. I'll come over immediately."
"Mm." Bonnie waved him off.
"Go on, everything will be fine. Don't worry."
Gresham and Vera immediately rushed forward after Ivor left, wanting to express their apologies and regrets to Bonnie.
However, Bonnie raised her hand to stop them before they could speak.
"I know why you've come to see me now. I don't want to hear any of those excuses. I have a few words for you here. A broken mirror can't be mended.
"Even if you try to glue it back together, it can never be the same as before. Since you chose to break the mirror in the first place, there's no need to try to mend it again."
With that said, she didn't even look at Harold and the others and walked straight towards Ivor. "Let's go."
Ivor nodded and held Bonnie's hand as they left the spot.
Gresham watched Bonnie's retreating figure, about to call her back, but was stopped by Harold's voice. "Let's go back."
Vera looked at Harold in confusion.
"Dad, weren't we here to ask for Bonnie's forgiveness? Why are we leaving before even saying a few words?"
Carlee was also puzzled, "Yeah, Dad, why are we leaving like this? Didn't we come here for nothing?" Facing their confusion, Harold sighed heavily.
"Haven't you heard what Bonnie just said? A broken mirror can't be mended, just like our relationship with her. It can't be repaired anymore."
He then turned and walked forward.
"Let's go back."
In the twilight's glow, his usually straight back seemed to slump instantly; even his full head of white hair was visible as if he had aged several years in an instant.
Gresham, Vera, and Carlee looked at each other and sighed simultaneously. No one spoke again and followed Harold away.
As soon as Bonnie and Ivor entered the Knight's residence, Sigmund greeted them.
"Bonnie, you've worked hard today. I have specially prepared a table full of your favorite dishes. You must
eat more and replenish yourself."
Bonnie didn't bother with formalities.
"Thank you, Grandpa."
At this moment, Sydney's voice sounded at the door.
"We're here too."
Bonnie followed the sound and saw Sydney carrying many things in her hands. She immediately went up to help.
"Auntie Sydney, let me help you."
Sydney immediately blocked her hand. "It's okay, it's okay. You go rest. These things I'm carrying aren't heavy. I can handle them myself."
Bonnie didn't insist further, "Alright then."
Behind her, Flynn stuck his head out and gave Bonnie a thumbs up.
"You fought a great battle today. Congratulations, congratulations."
"Don't praise me. It was just a normal interview. It's not that amazing." Bonnie smiled modestly.
Flynn looked admiringly, his eyes shining with stars, looking like a little fan.
"Don't be modest. You're amazing. You're the super idol of Arvandor!"
Bonnie felt a bit embarrassed by his praise. Just as she was about to speak, Ivor draped his arm around her shoulders.
"Let's go to the dining table. It's tiring to stand and talk."
They settled down at the dining table.
Sigmund and Gunnar praised Bonnie one after another.
###Chapter 1461
Chapter 1461
Bonnie blushed, unconsciously drinking quite a bit of alcohol. Her already delicate and beautiful face now had a layer of blush, like peach blossoms in full bloom, catching the attention of Ivor beside her.
Upon seeing this, Sigmund couldn't help but understand what his grandson was thinking. He chuckled twice and looked up at Ivor.
"Ivor, Bonnie seems a bit drunk. Take her upstairs to rest. No more drinking for her, so she doesn't get a headache from drinking too much."
Ivor nodded and helped Bonnie up from her chair.
"Honey, let's go upstairs to rest."
Usually, Bonnie thought her alcohol tolerance was decent, but today, she seemed genuinely tipsy, feeling a bit dizzy. Hence, she didn't refuse and followed Ivor's support in standing up.
"Okay."
The two went upstairs. Sydney looked at Sigmund teasingly.
"Dad, you've hidden it deep. If you had told us earlier that Bonnie is Ms. Bonita, would we have had such biases against her? You kept us in the dark."
Sigmund rubbed his chin and laughed heartily.
"Even if Bonnie didn't have the identity of Ms. Bonita, wouldn't she still have won you over with her charm? So whether I told you or not, it wouldn't have made much difference."
Sydney nodded in agreement. "That's true,"
Ivor watched Bonnie sway as they walked, knowing she was drunk. He guided her to sit on the edge of the bed.
"Honey, are you feeling sleepy? Should I help you take off your coat?"
Bonnie waved her hand. But she suddenly felt the coat was a hindrance and nodded.
"Okay."
Ivor then helped Bonnie remove her coat. When he looked at her flushed face, waves of heat rolled in his eyes.
"Honey, I don't know how I've been so fortunate in my past life to marry Ms. Bonita, who benefits Arvandor."
Upon hearing this, Bonnie glanced at him with her head tilted.
"Ivor, don't say that. In my eyes, you're also the best."
Ivor's throat tightened, and his pupils trembled lightly.
"Honey, do you think so?"
Bonnie nodded. "Mm, you are."
Ivor's breathing quickened, cupping Bonnie's face while his emotions swirled complexly in his eyes. "Honey..."
Bonnie wrapped her arms around his neck, leaning in to lightly kiss his lips.
"I'm here."
Ivor's breath instantly became chaotic. His gaze at Bonnie suggested he wanted to absorb her into his bones and marrow.
"Honey, I have an excellent idea."
Bonnie tilted her head in confusion.
"What is it?"
Ivor suddenly leaned closer, his warm breath brushing against Bonnie's face.
"Let's have a baby. How about it?"
"A baby..."
Bonnie pondered with a furrowed brow.
Just as Ivor thought she might refuse, she nodded in agreement.
"Let's do it then."
With a sudden smile, she grabbed his tie, taking the initiative to move closer.
"Let's aim to succeed tonight."
Ivor leaned in, his thin lips curving into a joyful and blissful arc.
"Okay, I'll follow your lead."
(The End)
